1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
y  iv>
and canals;
ndrea/fing,
V
vide for the sale of certain portions of the public
lands to the States within which they lie, for
the purpose of constructing railroads and canals;
whioh was read, and passed to thesecond^e;
and ordered to be printed.
PAY OF THE ARMY.
Mr. SHIELDS. Before we proceed to the con-
sideration of the order of the day, or go into Ex-
ecutive session, as the case may be, I wish to ask
the Senate to take up and consider a bill which
was assigned for consideration at an early period
of the session, but owing to the pressing of the
Nebraska bill was not considered on the day
fixed. It is a bill " to regulate the pay and in-
crease the efficiency of the Army of the United
States, and for other purposes." Let me say to
the Senate, that in the present condition of the
Army it is almost impossible to keep up its or-
ganization unless we increase the pay of the sol-
diers. I am informed by the Department that the
recruiting stations might as well be abandoned,
for no man fit to carry a musket will serve for
seven dollars a month. I hope the bill will meet
with no opposition. I move that the Senate now
proceed to its consideration.
Mr. RUSK. I am in favor of that bill, but it
is evident that it cannot receive proper considera-
tion this morning. It will lead to some discus-
sion, and amendments will be offered, which we
have not sufficient time now to consider properly.
1 think the bill ought to be passed; J believe it
is absolutely necessary; but I think the chair-
man would be more likely to secure its passage by
waiting to call it up at some time when the Senate
are in a better condition to consider it than they are
now. Every body sees that there is great anxiety
on the part of Senators to get up bills; and the
honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] is
desirous that we should proceed to consider Ex-
ecutive business. Thus it will be seen that we
shall have but a short time this morning for the
consideration of this bill. I will go with the
honorable Senator from Illinois to have it con-
sidered at as early a day as possible, for I think
it should be acted on promptly.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would not call up at this
time the bill to increase the Army, for that is of too
much importance to be disposed of in this way;
but I take it for granted that every honorable
Senator knows that some increase of the pay of
the Army is absolutely necessary. For that
reason, I supposed this bill might be passed this
morning without difficulty. Every one must
-know that the Department is and will be unable
to enlist soldiers at seven dollars per month. The
reason why I call it up this morning is this: It
was assigned for a particular day at an early part
of the session, but I permitted the Nebraska bill
to press it out of its order, and the Department
now calls upon me to have it passed. I am in-
formed by the Department that the Army has
been diminished to a large extent,and recruitment
has entirely ceased, and unless this bill be passed
the Army will almost be disbanded.
Mr. RUSK. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. STUART. We can pass the bill while
we are talking about taking it up.
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not wish to have any
discussion on the bill. It has been very carefully
prepared by the Secretary of War, and examined
by the committee. 1 hope there will be no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. MASON. I do not know the mind of the
Senate in regard to the bill which the Senator from
Illinois has moved to take up; but it is one of that
character which generally, and almost universally,
induces debate.
Mr. SHIELDS. I think this bill will not.
Mr. MASON. I fear that time will be occupied .
by it. I
Mr. PRATT. Let us see.
Mr, M A SON. If it does in vite any debate, I trust
the Senator will consent that it may be laid on the
table, or postponed, in order that we may proceed J
to the consideration of Executive business. i
Mr. SHIELDS. I am desirous that we should j
go into Executive session, as the honorable Sen- :
ator very well knows; and nothing but a sense of ,
duty would induce me to press this bill forward. |
Mr. MASON. I am aware of that  |
Mr. SHIELDS. And I have been somewhat ,
upbraided for not calling it up at an earlier day.
Mr. MASON. If any debate takes place on :
the bill, I must ask the Senate to postpone it. 1
Mr. SHIELD'S motion was agreed to, artd the
bill was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It provides the monthly pay proper of the sev-
eral grades of the Army shall be at the following
rates: a major general, $265; a brigadier general,
$165; a colonel, $135; a lieutenant colonel, $115;
a major, $95; a captain of cavalry, $85; a captain
of artillery and infantry, $75; a first lieutenant of
cavalry, |65; a first lieutenant of artillery and in-
fantry, $57; a second lieutenant of cavalry, $55;
a second lieutenant of artillery and infantry, $,47;
a cadet, $33; a sergeant-major, quartermaster-ser-
geant, principal musician, chief bugler, principal
farrier, and ordnance-sergeant, $23; to each first
sergeant of a company of dragoons, mounted rifle-
men, artillery, and infantry, $21; to all other ser-
geants of those arms, $18; to a corporal of dra-
goons and mounted riflemen, $14; to a corporal of
artillery and infantry, $13; to a farrier, blacksmith,
saddler, and artificer of dragoons, mounted rifle-
men, and artillery, $15; to a bugler of dragoons
and mounted riflemen, $12; to a musician of artil-
lery and infantry, $11; to a private of dragoons
and mounted riflemen, $11; and to a private of
artillery and infantry, $10. The existing allow-
ances are to be confined to officers when on duty,
or who shall have left their posts by reason of
wounds received in the lineof their duty, and that
officers absent from duty under any other circum-
stances are only to be entitled to the pay proper of
their respective grades. The surgeon general and
paymaster general of the Army are to be allowed
the pay and emoluments of a colonel.
Every soldier, who, having been honorably dis-
charged from the service of the United States, shall, j
I within one month thereafter, re'enlist, is to be en- i
i titled to two dollars per month in addition to the I
ordinary pay of his grade, for the first period of isting state of our Army, any additional number
five years after the expiration of his previous en- - • -
thorized by the existing laws, two are to be ap-
pointed from each State, upon the recommenda-
tion of the respective Senators.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to offer ond amend-
ment, and only one. It is in the proviso in the
first section, to insert after the words " wounds
received," the words " in service, or disease con-
tracted." The clause will then read:
. 11 Provided, That the existing allowances shall be con-
fined to, officers when on duty, or who shall have left their
posts by reason of wounds received in the service, or dis-
ease contracted in the line of their duty."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASS. This is an important bill, and it
introduces a great many changes, some of which
I do not understand very distinctly, and there is
one provision about which I have very great
doubt. I refer to the provision with respect to
the appointment of cadets on the recommendation
of the Senators from each State. I doubt very
much whether any such increase of the "number
of cadets is necessary. I think the cadets in the
Military Academy now supply officers enough fpr
the Army. Besides, I see there is a provision in
the bill that non-commissioned officers may be
I appointed supernumerary second lieutenants.
| That feature I like very much. I exceedingly
doubt, however, whether any more cadets are re-
quired for the service. I should like to know the
number sent out by the academy for a few years
past, and how they have been absorbed, and
whether or not they have all received commissions,
and whether there are not a good many of them
who are now supernumerary second lieutenants.
These are important points bearing on the subject.
I have not examined the bill, and did not know that
there was such a provision in it, until I heard it
read; but I very much doubt-whether, in the ex-
listment, and a further sum of one dollar per month
for each successive period of five years, so long as
he shall remain^ontinuously in the Army; and
soldiers now in the Army, who have served one
or more enlistments, and been honorably dis-
charged, will be entitled to the benefits provided
for a second enlistment. Soldiers who served in
the war with Mexico, and received a certificate of
merit for distinguished services, as well those now
in the Army as "those that may hereafter enlist,
will receive the two dollars per month to which
that certificate would have entitled them had they
remained continuously in the service.
Non-commissioned officers who, under the
authority of the seventeenth section of the act
approved March 3, 1847, were recommended for
promotion by brevet to the lowest grade of com-
missioned officer, but did not receive the benefit of
that provision, will be entitled, under the condi-
tion recited in the foregoing section, to the addi-
tional pay authorized to be given to such privates
as received certificates of merit.
The President of the United States to be au-
thorized, with the consent of the Senate, to confer
the brevet of second lieutenant upon such meri-
torious non-commissioned officers as may, under
regulations to be established, be brought before an
Army board, composed of four officers of rank,
specially convened for the purpose, and be found
qualified for the duties of commissioned officers;
and to attach them to regiments, as supernumerary
officers, according to the provisions of the fourth-
section of the act, approved April 29, 1812, enti-
tled " An act making further provision for the
corps of engineers."
The allowance to soldiers employed at work on
fortifications, in surveys, m cutting roads, and
other constant labor, of not less than ten days, is
to be increased to twenty-five cents per day for
men employed as laborers and teamsters, and
forty cents per day when employed as mechanics, ;
at all stations east of the Rocky Mountains, and I
to thirty-five cents and fifty cents per day, respec-
of cadets is required.
Mr. SHIELDS. This provision hag been re-
commended by the Department for several years
past, and also by various Boards of Visitors to the
Academy; and I have inserted it in the bill in
consequence of those recommendations. My
opinion is, that it is one of the best provisions in
the bill. The number of officers which it now
supplies does not even equal the necessity, and
certainly will not, if a number of old and super-
annuated officers are removed from the service,
as is contemplated by a bill which has passed this
body. I can state to the honorable Senator from
Michigan, that in that respect it will dono injury;
but, on the contrary, will be a great benefit to
the service. The Department has recommended
that each Senator, as well as each Representative
in the other House, should have the recommend-
i ation of a cadet. It has been j-ecommended by
the Whig administration, and also by the Demo-
cratic administration, and by the Boards of Vis-
■ itors to the Military Academy for as many years
as I have been in the public service.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, the question with
me is not who is to recommend the cadet, but does
the public service require an addition? I can see
that on the passage of the bill providing for a
■ retired list there may be a deficiency for a short
time, until the vacancies created by it be supplied;
but I am strongly impressed with the idea that
the cadets at present are amply sufficient to fur-
i nish officers for the Army. The Academy now
! must furnish, I think, sixty or seventy per year;
I I do not know exactly the number.
| Mr. SHIELDS. About sixty.
; Mr. CASS. I think thatsixty a year must cer-
1 tainly be sufficient to fill up the vacancies in our
Army; but, at any rate, before such a provision as
this be voted for, I think the factsshould be ascer-
tained. W e should know the precise number which
the academy now supplies from year to year, and
whether there is any deficiency in the number of
officers requiring an increas.e of cadets. I do not
want to have a great many supernumerary officers
tively, when the men are employed at stations i! attached to the Army; but I wish to know whether
west of those mountains.
The provisions of the first section of the act
granting pensions to the widows and orphans of
persons dying in the naval service, approved Au-
gust 11, 1848, is to be extended to the widows
and orphans of officers, non-commissioned offi-
cers, musicians, and soldiers of the Army of the
United States, including volunteers and militia,
mustered into the service of the United States.
And, in addition to the number of cadets au-
the service really does require this addition. My
friend from Illinois may be perfectly right in his
i views. It is true that this has been pressed from
i year to year; but that fact does not at all supersede
the necessity of our examining the subject. This
■ may make a very importantadditiorvto the Army;
1 and before I vote for it, I must be sure that the
i Army does require it.
I Mr. SHIELDS. I cannot give the honorable
Senator, in detail, the information for which he
