1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1405
people there to insure the fact that this appro-
priation shall remove the whole raft forever. >Ve
cannot do that. We can give you no actual as-
surance that you would accept, which was not
demanded, or executed, or deemed necessary at
the time the original appropriation was made; and
I think it is late now to come forward and attempt
to put upon it any restriction of that sort.
I am sorry to see my friend from Wisconsin
take ground like that which he has taken, when it
is entirely unauthorized by the fact. It falls
hardly upon some of us, when we ask simply
that the money which was long since appropri-
ated by Congress may be used for the object for
which it was appropriated. It seems to me it is
but reasonable that we should ask this. It is out
of my power entirely to see why it is that the
Senator should feel so great an interest in this
matter just at this moment, when the amount is
lying in the Treasury, and must very shortly
revert to the Treasury, and so be of no benefit at
all, unless this proposition be agreed to. It is late
to cut us off from it, sir; and I hope my friend
from Wisconsin will riot insist upon his objection.
Mr. WALKER. It is the misfortune of the
whole of us, or at least of a large portion of us,
that we can never say anything in the Senate but
we must be replied to in a manner that would in-
dicate that the persons replying had no sense of
politeness themselves.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) Does thcSenator from Wisconsin yield
the floor ?
Mr. JOHNSO'N. I do not like to reply to that,
sir. It is not pleasant to me at all. Lectures
from him I certainly do not like. Lectures upon
politeness from him, I think, are but little called
for, and I shall make no reply to them.
Mr. WALKER. I was going to remark, sir,
that I have been charged with having interfered in
a matter about which I was ignorant, and about
which—if the terms were not used they were im-
plied—I ought to have kept my mouth shut. I
do not know, sir, but I hope not, that the language
was applied intentionally in an offensive sense;
but such remarks between gentlemen entertaining
the cordial relations that are entertained, as I had
supposed, between the Senator from Arkansas and
myself, certainly sound unpleasant. However, I
will endeavor to satisfy him that I am not so igno-
rant of this matter as he supposes.
I remember this transaction perfectly, and I
remember when the bill came from the House of
Representatives, and no one cooperated with the
colleague of the Senator more cordially than I did
in accomplishing what was finally done. The
appropriation, as it came fr<^i the House of Rep-
resentatives, was for a less, amount than we ap-
propriated; and upon the motion of an honorable
Senator from Arkansas—I think of one who isnot
now a member of this body, Major Borland—it
was increased, and he brought this argument to
bear upon the Senate, that the amount included in
the bill would be insufficient to complete the work,
that it was useless to make an appropriation of that
kind which would but commence the work, with-
out any certainty of completing it; for, said he, it
is a work of such a character as will, if it is not
carried on to completion, immediately fall hack to
its original condition, and the whole amount ex-
pended will be lost. That was the argument used.
It struck me forcibly. I concurred with the Sen-
ator from Arkansas when he proposed to increase
the appropriation. I voted for it, and I believe
there was no question entertained but that the ap-
propriation would be sufficient to do the work. I
believe bids were made, but were not complied
with, to do it. I think Allanson Sweet, of Wis-
consin, a man who is known well to myself and
my colleagues, was a bidder for it, but for some
reason, because he failed to g;ive security, or some-
thing of thatkind, the bid fell through, and he has
not prosecuted the work. This is my recollection
of the matter, and I will venture to say that it is
the recollection and remembrance of most of the
members of the Senate. In this way the appro-
priation was made.
It is true,as has been remarked by the Senator
from Arkansas, that subsequently, for fear this
matter might go, as matters of a kindred nature
usually do, without limitation—that is, fearing
that the contract might be let indefinitely, under
which the fund would be expended, and the work
not completed, the members from Arkansas did
feel some solicitude, and manifested it here to put
a restriction upon it. But the restriction that was
put upon it, at a future day, limilmgthe letting of
the contract to the person who would keep the
river open the greatest length of time, was made,
as was then expressed, because ft was supposed
that the fund was more than sufficient to merely
remove the raft and open the river, and that a
portion of it might with propriety be assigned to
the business of keeping the river open and the
navigation dear. Hence it was that that restric-
tion was put upon the appropriation.
But 1 am replied to as if I npt only knew noth-
ing about this matter, but was making opposition
to it. Sir, I concluded my remarks by saying
that I made them simply to turn the attention of
the Senate to the fact of what I thought was the
understanding at the time the appropriation was
made, and I stated that I should not make oppo-
sition to it. With that remark, I concluded what
I said. I think it is well in all these instances,
to call the attention of the Senate to such a fact,
and for this reason, if thus limitation is taken
off with a full acknowledgment of the fact, who
hereafter, with propriety, can rise to his feet and
resist a further appropriation to complete the
work ? Now, it is brought to the knowledge of
the Senate that we are taking off all limitation,
that we are entering upon the execution of this
work, let it cost what it may; and for one, I shall
stand by it, and I shall demand that the Senate
hereafter shall stand by it, and that they shall
make an appropriation sufficient—if I can enforce
it—to complete the work. The Senator from
Arkansas misunderstands me entirely, if he sup-
poses that I am opposing it; for there are similar
works in that section of the countiy in which I
reside, where, after a small appropriation has been
made, and before it has been renewed, the works
have been subjected to dilapidation, loss, and de-
cay. But I want the Senate to understand what
they are doing when they make an appropriation,
so that, if we now pass this appropriation, no one
may hereafter rise and say that he was ignorant
of what was the tendency of removing the limita-
tion. Let it be removed, I say, with the under-
standing that we are going to complete the work;
and let not Senators charge me further, not only
with knowing nothingabout it, but with opposing
the appropriation, for I am doing no such thing.
Mr. RUSK. This appropriation, when it was
originally made in the river and harbor bill, did
net contain the restriction requiring the river to
be kept open any length of time, but subsequently
the resolution which has been read by the Sena-
tor from Arkansas, required not only that the
raft should be taken out, but that the river should
be kept open for navigation for a certain length
of time. It was a matter somewhat uncertain,
and under the uncertainty no one has been found
to risk making the contract for $10U,000. With
the exception of those mentioned by the honorable.
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Slidell,] tins is
the only appiopriation, I believe, in the river and
1 harbor bill, m which any such restriction as this
was made.
I hope the Senate will, therefore, agree to this
resolution, and I am glad to hear the Senator from
Wisconsin say that he will vote for it. I hope the
Senate will take off this restriction. It is a matter
of very considerable importance to the Govern-
ment, as has already been remarked, with refer-
ence to the transportation of troops and supplies,
and more would be saved in a very short time, if
the raft were removed than it would cost to remove
it, because it would create a water transportation
which would be several hundred miles nearer than
it can now be made by land. Besides this, there
I is a treaty obligation with the Choctaw Indians,
requiring the United States to keep open the navi-
gation of the Red river. Under these circum-
i stances, I hope this restriction, which has worked
badly, and has not carried out the original inten-
tion of the appropriation, will be taken off, and
that this object will be put upon the same footing
as other objects.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read a third time, and passed.
LIEUTENANT MAURY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
II resumed the consideration of the joint resolution
giving the consent of Congress to the acceptance
by Lieutenant M. F. Maury, of the Navy, of &
gold medal from his Majesty the Kingof Sweden.
Mr. PEARCE. I desire to submit an amend-
ment in the form of a substitute for the resolution,
which the Senator from California will perhaps
accept.
Be it resolved, 4'c., That Lieutenant M. P. Maury, of the
United Slates Navy, be, and he is hereby, authorized to
accept a gold medal recently presented to him by his Ma-
jesty the King of Sweden.
Mr. GWIN. I will accept that.
The amendment was agreed to. The joint
resolution was reported to the Senate as amended,
the amendment was concurred in, the joint reso-
lution was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
INDIGENT INSANE BILL VETO.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill making a grant
of public lands to the several States of the Union
for the benefit of the indigent insane persons,
which had been returned by the President of the
United States, with his objections.
Mr. CLAYTON addressed the Senate in favor
of the bill. [See Appendix for his speech.]
Mr. SEWARD obtained the floor, and yielded
to a motion to adjourn, which being agreed to,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 15, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn-.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. FULLER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to allow me to have disposed of bill
No. 242, "authorizing the purchase or construc-
tion of four additional revenue cutters, and for
other purposes," which was reported by the Com-
mittee on Commerce early in the session, and re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. I ask that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of that bill,
in order to bring it before the House.
Mr. OLDS. I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I call for the regular
order of business.
RATES OF POSTAGE.
The SPEAKER. The business first .in order
is the consideration of a bill, reported by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, further
to amend the act entitled " An act to reduce and
modify the rates of postage in the United States,
and for other purposes, passed March 3, 1851,
and the act amendatory thereto, passed August
30, 1852."
Mr. OLDS. If there be no gentleman here
desirous to address the House oh the subject of
that bill, I will withdraw my motion to commit it,
and move the previous question, that the bill may
be disposed of.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I request the gen-
, tleman from Ohio to withdraw his call for the pre-
i vious question, as I wish to offer an amendment
to the bill.
Mr. OLDS. I willingly yield the floor for that
purpose to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. SMITH. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That this act shall
continue in force two yenrs; and that, at the expiration
of that time, the Post Office ttepartineni shall be abol-
ished, and imlivjdu.ils and associations shall thereafter be
as free to carry letters as to carry anything else.
Mr. S. addressed the House at some length in
favor of his amendment, and against the bill as
reported by the committee, and the proposed sub-
stitute therefor.
Mr. CHANDLER. Notknowingthat I should
have an opportunity of expressing my opinions
upon the subject of this bill when it came properly
before the House, I availed myself of the oppor-
tunity to make some remarks upon the subject the
other day in Committee of the Whole. 1 do not,
therefore, propose to trouble the House with any
extended remarks now. i desire, however, to
j ask the attention of the House for a very brief
period, while I reply in two- or three words to
some remarks which have fallen from the gentle-
man who has just taken his seat, [Mr. Smith.]
