2264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
territorial government of Kansas, the sum of
twenty-five thousand dollars shall be, and in that
contingency hereby is, appropriated for the erec-
tion of public buildings for the use of the Legisla-
ture of the Territory of Kansas, to be expended
under the directions of the Governor of said Ter-
ritory.
Sec. *[7.] And be it further enacted, That the
sums appropriated by the act of March third, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-nine, for the removal and
subsistence of the Menomonees, and for the es-
tablishment of a manual-labor school, &c., for
them, and now remaining in the Treasury, to-
gether with the sums for pay of a miller hereto-
fore appropriated, be paid to or expended for the
benefit of said Menomonee Indians, according to
thestipulations of said supplementary and amend-
atory articles.
Sec. 2. [8 ] And be it further enacted, That of
the appropriation of fifty thousand dollars " for
continuing the topographical and hydrographical
survey of the Delta of the Mississippi, with such
investigations as may lead to determine the most
practicable plan for securing it from inundation,"
approved August thirty-first, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-two, the sum of five thousand
dollars may be applied, under the special direction
of the Secretary of War, to the payment of any
expenses connected with said survey and investi-
gations, incurred prior to the first of July, one
thousand ei^ht hundred and fifty-two.
Sec. 3 [9'] And be it further enacted. That the
Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized
and directed to examine into and ascertain the
amount of expenses incurred, and now actually
paid, by the State of California in the suppression
of Indian hostilities within the sa-id State prior to
the first of January, Anno Domini eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, and that the amount of such
expenses, when so ascertained, be paid into the
treasury of said State: Provided, Thar the Rum so
Eaid shall not exceed in amount the sum of nine
undred and twenty-four thousand two hundred
and fifty-nine dollais and sixty five cents; which
amount is hereby appropriated, out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, August 5, 1854.
Public, LXXXVI.—Jin Act making Appropria-
tions for the Naval Service jor the year ending the
thirtieth of June, one thousand eight hundred and
jifly-fwe.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre>
sentolives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, to he paid out of nny
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropria-
ted, for the year ending the thirtieth of .Tune, one
thousand eighf hundred and fitly-five.
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty offi-
cers, and seamen, including the engineer corps «*f
the Navy, three million three hundred and sixty-
seven thousand six hundred and forty-eight dol-
lars.
For pay of superintendents, naval conductors,
and all the civil establishments at the several navy-
yards and stations, one hundred and fifteen thou-
sand, three hundred and fifty dollars.
That at the navy-yard at Sun Francisco, the
pay of the commandershall be three thousand five
nundred dollars per annum. One civil engineer,
four thousand dollars per annum, and the pay of
the navy agent, who shall discharge the duties of
both purser and navy agent, shall be tour thou-
sand dollars per annum.
For provisions for commission, warrant, and
petty officers, and seamen, including engineers
and marines attached to vessels for sea service,
six hundred and eighty-six thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For surgeons* necessaries and appliances for
the sick and huit of the Navy, mcludmgthe ma-
rine corps, thirty-five thousand five hundred and
seventy-five dollars.
For repair of vessels in ordinary, and for wear
and tear of vessels in commission, including fuel
and purchase of hemp, two million five hundred
and thirty-four thousand nine hundred and fifty
dollars.
For ordnance and ordnance stores and small-
arm?, including incidental expenses, two hundred
thousand dollars.
For preparing for publication the American
Nautical Almanac, twenty thousand, eight hun-
dred and eighty dollars: Provided, That any naval
officer who may be charged with the preparation,
superintendence, or publication of the Nautical
Almanac, shall receive no compensation for such
duty beyond what he would receive while on duty
at sea.
For the purchase of nautical instruments re-
quired for the use of the Navy, for repairs of the
same, and also of astronomical instruments, and
for the purchase of nautical books, maps, and
charts, and for backing and binding the same,
twenty-three thousand dollars.
For printing and publishing sailing directions,
hydrographical surveys, and astronomical obser-
vations, five thousand five hundred dollars.
For models, drawing and copying, postage,
freight and transportation, and for working litho-
graphic press, including chemicals; for keeping
grounds m order; for fuel and lights, for repairs
of buildings, and for all other contingent expenses
of the hydrographical office, and United States
Observatory, mx thousand one hundred dollars.
For continuing the publication of the series of
wind and current charts, and for defraying all the
expenses connected therewith, ten thousand dol-
lars.
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay the
salary of Professor James P. Espy for the current
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, two thousand dollars; the payment
to be made in the same manner and under the like
control as former appropriations for nteteorological
observations.
For the wages of persons employed at the
observatory and hydrographical office, viz: One
lithographer, one instrument maker, two watch-
men, and one porter, three thousand one hundred
and sixty dollars.
For contingent expenses that may accrue for
the following purposes, viz: Freight and trans-
portation, printing and stationery, advertising in
newspapers, books, maps, models, and drawings,
purchase and repair of fire engines and machinery,
repairs of and attending to steam-engines m navy-
yards, purchase and maintenance of horses and
oxen, and driving teams, carts, timber wheels, and
the purchase and repair of workmen's tools, post-
age of public letters, fuel, oil, and candles for
navy-yards and shore stations, pay of watchmen,
and incidental labor, not chargeable to any other
appropriation, labor attending the delivery of stores
on civil stations, wharfage, dockage, and rent,
traveling expenses of officers and others under
orders, funeral expenses, store and office rent,
stationery, fuel, commissions and pay of clerks to
navy agents and storekeepers, flags, awnings, and
packing boxes, premiums and other expenses of
recruiting, apprehending deserters, per diem pay
to persons attending courts-martial and courts of
inquiry, and other services authorized by law,
pay to judges-advocate, pilotage and towage of
vessels and assistance to?vessels in distress, bills
of health and quarantine expenses of the United
States Navy in foreign ports, seven hundred and
six thousand eight hundred and sixty dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to test any
improvements in steam boilers or other improve-
ments applicable to naval purposes, ten thousand
dollars.
For the erection and repair of buildings, for the
improvement and preservation of thegrounds, and
for contingencies, at the Naval Academy, at Annap-
olis, Maryland, thirty-nine thousand six hundred
and seventy-eightdollars: Provided, That no part
of this sum shall be expended for the workshop
until a contract, with security, to be approved by
the Secretary of the Navy, be entered into for the
completion of the same, at a sum not exceeding
five thousand dollars, and herein provided for.
For the purchase of Barlow's planetarium for
the use of the Naval Academy at Annapolis, Ma-
ryland, two thousand dollars.
For construction, extension, and completion
of the following objects, and for contingent
expenses at the several navy-yards, viz;
Portsmouth, Hampshire.—For quay wall
connecting with dock basin; completing engine-
house and machinery; tools for machinists and
smiths; launching and hauling up ways; cisterns
for officers'quarters; extending ship-house num-
ber four; extension of ship-house and launching
slip, and repairs of all kinds, sixty-three thousand
five hundred and fifty dollars.
Boston, Massachusetts.—For machine shop,
smithery, foundery and forge shop, boiler-house
and chimney, new steam-engine for dry-dock;ex-
tension of ship-house and slip, and repairs of all
kinds, one hundred and sixty-six thousand seven
hundred and fifty dollars.
New York, New York.—'Towards foundery and
boiler shop; completing saw-mill; continuation of
quay wall; dredging channels; lightning conduct-
ors; water-pipes; iron railing on wall along Navy
street; extension of ship-house and slip; saw-mi!i
machinery; launching slip; balance due city of
Brooklyn for hen on account of assessments, and
repaiis of all kinds, one hundred and seventy-one
thousand six hundred and fifteen dollars : Pro-
vided, That so much of the fii>t section of the act
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-four, approved third of
March, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
three, as empowers and directs the Secretary of
the Navy "to sell and convey to any purchaser,
all that part of the navy-yard lands at Brooklyn,
between the west side of Vanderbilt avenue and
the hospital grounds, containing about twenty-six
and a half acres, including Vanderbiltand Clinton
avenues," be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.—For furnace for
heating mast hoops; steam stove for boat shed;
raising old steam box-house; completing wharf
number four; raising engine-house; extension of
ship-house and slip, and repairs of all kinds,
thirty seven thousand seven hundred and twenty-
six dollars. *
Washington) District of Colombia.—For comple-
tion of saw-mill; completion of ordnance budd-
ing; completion of marine railway; extending
boiler shop; converting old ordnance to machine
shop; quay wall, removing shears, extension of
ship-house and slip, filling in around foundery and
laboratory, dredging channels; machinery;steam
hammer and slanting machine, and repairs of all
kinds, two hundred and twenty-three thousand
and sixty seven dollars.
Norfolk, Virginia.—For brick saw sheds, com-
pleting storehouse number fourteen, sheds snd
machinery for saw-mill; setting up engine, boil-
ers, and machinery, culvert, continuation of quay
walls, dredging channel reservoir; commencing
foundery and machinery forthe same; ey tension of
ship-house and slip; gas fixtures and pipes for
lighting grounds and buildings, and repairs of all
kinds, one hundred and sixty-two thousand two
hundred and eighty-one dollars.
Pensacola, Florida.—Forcontinuation of perma-
nent wharf; engine and blast pipes; for smiths'
and machine shop, and repairs of all kinds, one
hundred and forty-three thousand five hundred
dollars.
Navy-Yard, San Francisco.—For continuing
blacksmiths' shop, carpenter shop, storehouse,
wharf, two hundred thousand dollars.
Sackeft's Tlarbor, New York—For raising end
of ship-house, and building pier; leveling and
grading, and repairs of all kinds, five thousand
and fifty dollars.
For magazines:
At Boston.—For filling room in number fifteen,
and repairs of all kinds^ one thousand three hun-
died and sixty-five dollars.
At New York.—For addition to magazine, re-
pairs, and extension of shell-house, and repairs
of all kinds, eleven thousand three hundred and
fifty-nine dollars.  
At Washington.—For ordnance works, and plat-
form for shot, ten thousand nine hundred dollars.
At Norfolk.—For completing magazine at Nor-
folk, and repairs of sheds, fourteen thousand six
hundred dollars
For hospitals:
At Boston —For repairs of all kinds, one thou-
sand dollars.
At New York.—-For piling and fencingboundary,
and repairs of all kinds, four thousand three hun-
dred dollars.
At Philadelphia.—For water-rent for one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-five, and repairs of
all kinds, four thousand seven hundred and forty-
five dollars.
At Norfolk.—For repairs of all kinds, one thou-
sand dollars.
At Pensacola.—For lightning conductorS^and
repairs of all kinds, four thousand five hundred
and eighty-one dollars.
