m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
asks. All that ! am able to state is, that upon
lnifuiring at the Department, 1 ascertained that
these additional cadets would be needed. If the
bill to which I have referred shall become a law,
many of the superannuated officers will, of neces-
sity, be compelled to leave the service, and their
places will have to be supplied; and hence, in
part, the necessity of this provision. If, however,
the honorable Senator thinks it is necessary, I
can get the information which he wants; or he can
move to strike out the provision, if he chooses.
Mr. CASS. I do not wish to move to strike it
out, because I do not say that it is unnecessary.
I have only to say that I cannot vote for it now,
for I have not the facts before me.
Mr. SHIELDS. Rather than that the portion of
the bill providing for an increase of the pay of the
Army, which is essentially necessary, should fail,
I am willing to consent even to strike out this pro-
vision, and to bring it up hereafter, when I shall
be better prepared to give the information which
is asked for. I do this because of my anxiety for
the passage of the main provisions of the bill.
Mr. PETTIT. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the ninth section, which provides for
the appointment of two additional cadets from
each Stale, on the recommendations of the re-
spective Senators.
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot consent to that
amendment. I agree with the honorable Senator
from Illinois, that this is one of the best provis-
ions of the bill, and I should regret to see it stricken
out. By the present mode of appointment, the
Senators from each State have no voice at all ip
nominating; one of these young gentlemen to the
Military Academy, and this provision will reduce
the whole system to something like symmetry. I
am very well inclined to the bill altogether, but I
am particularly in favor of the provision winch it
is now proposed to strike out.
I must say, further, that I am surprised that
my friend from Michigan should oppose anything
looking to war. Depend upon it, sir, we may
have use for these young men—for many more
than we have now. I think it is best to retain
this provision.
Mr. SHIELDS. I think so.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope the amendment
of the Senator from Indiana will prevail. I think
the law isrightas it now stands, and that Senators
ought to have nothing to do with the nomination
of cadets. When they are nominated as lieuten-
ants, as soon as they graduate, their nominations
are sent here for our advice and consent to their
appointments; and thus we are now a part of the
appointing power in relation to them. For one,
I want none of the patronage which appertains to
cadet appointments. 1 thank God I have none of
it, and 1 do not want any of it. 1 will vote, there-
fore, with great pleasure, for the amendment.
Mr. CASS. This is not a question of patronage;
and though for myself I want to ha^e nothing to
do with such appointments, and would rather
avoid them, yet, if the public service requires them,
I am willing to assume my portion of the respon-
sibility. All that I want to know is, whether the
public service does require this addition. In re-
spect to the remark of the honorable Senatorfrom
South Caiolina, I would say that it is because I
am a friend of the Military Academy, and wish to
perpetuate it, that I seek for information now. I
believe that that Academy has poured into our
service officers equal to any in the world. 1 have
voted for it, and sustained it under all circumstan-
ces; and it is because I am a friend to it that I do
not wish to see the number of cadets increased,
unless that increase be actually necessary. The
way to break it down is to send too many there.
Mr. PETTIT. I have moved to strikeout this
section; first, because I agree with the Senator
from Michigan that we do not need this increase;
and secondly, because I agree with the Senator
from Iowa that this patronage ought not to be
placed here, and because I do not want to exer-
cise it. I am glad it is not m mv hands. Some
dozen, fifteen, twenty, or perhaps forty, for aught
I know, would be applying to me for an appoint-
ment as a cadet; and then the difficulty would de-
volve upon me of making a proper choice; and a
disappointment would necessarily follow to thirty-
nine out of the forty, for but one could be ap-
pointed. It is a position which I do not desiie,
nor do i believe that the public service requires it.
For these reasons I have moved to strike out the
ninth section of the bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. Before the vote is taken on
the motion to strike out, I wish to say that I have
been informed by the Department, that the ser-
vice of these additional cadets is necessary, and I
can depend only on the Department for that inform-
ation. I agree with my honorable friend from
South Carolina in regard to the importance of the
Military Academy; and I say that, if you were to
abolish the Army altogether, if you were to have
no standing army existing in this country, this
institution ought to be kept up—and why ? Be-
cause it is the depository of that species of inform-
ation which ought at least to exist in the coun-
try. It is a school which gathers from every quar-
ter of the world all improvements in relation to
military matters, which, by possibility, we may
have occasion to make use of at some day. I hope
that we shall be spared the necessity for so doing;
but yet, sir, every one knows that m the present
condition of the world we may, possibly, be com-
pelled to use the instruction which these men are
collecting and arranging in West Point Academy.
As my honorable friend from South Carolina says,
further, this provision but gives the Senators pre-
cisely what the members of the lower House now
have. Gentlemen say they do not want to use thi3
patronage; butif the additional cadetsare needed,
it is a duty for them to assume the responsibility
of recommending them. 1 have already stated
that the object of the War Department (and every
body knows that the head of that Department is
well qualified for his position) is to get out of the
Army some of the superannuated officers, and to
pour new and fresh blood into it, so as to make it
more efficient than it ever has been. I hope he
will be able to do it, and I hope his friends here
will sustain him in so doing.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I shall certainly
vote against striking out this section of the bill.
In the first place, it comes recommended from the
head of the War Department. Whatever opinion
gentlemen may entertain of the Ifead of that De-
partment, I think all will concede to him m mili-
tary matters a degree of knowledge and familiarity
which peculiarly fits him for his position. So far
as the patronage to be obtained by this provision
is concerned, 1 should be glad to avoid it if I
could, because I know, as the honorable Senator
from Indiana has said, that we shall have to dis-
appoint a great many where we can gratify but
i one. It will be an onerous duty to perform; but
the members of the House take the duty now, and
in the service of the country I feel very willing to
assume my share of that responsibility which is
pioperly devolved upon me.
This increased number of cadets is said to be
necessary by the head of the Department for the
service of the Army. I consider it necessary in
another point of view. There are improvements,
uuhoad improvements of vast importance now
goin<£ on which absolutely require competent and
well-instructed engineers, and there is a scarcity
of them throughout the country. Many of the
cadets of the Military Academy do not and will not
go into the Army after receiving so good an educa-
tion as they get at West Point, but will seek
vastly more profitable employment in the private
walks of life; and they will greatly benefit the
country by their participation in these improve-
ments. Under these circumstances, I think it
would he wrong to strike out the section.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope that the section will
not be stricken out. I am better satisfied as to its
propriety since I have heard the remarks of other
gentlemen than I was before. The class of young
!j men who graduate at West Point come from all
ji sections of the Union. They mingle there and
j, diffuse themselves into society, or go into the
ji Army; and wherever they go, they generally carry
!! with them an excellent influence. They learn
!j what young men at home frequently do not learn—
/ something of the restraints of discipline. They
ij are intelligent; they aie willing to submit to dis-
i cipline; they devote themselves to the useful pur-
ji suits of life; and whenever a war shall be de-
Ji clared, calling for the service of the young men of
j the country, whether they are in the Army or not
j in the Army, they will be prepared to take that
i, responsible command on which we can safely rely,
i I sustain this provision, further, upon the broad
1; ground that I am perfectly willing to increase the
if number of cadets at the "West Point Academy,
because it is a legitimate power which Congress
has to provide for war, and I think this is one of
the most commendable modes of doing it; and it
is the most equal in distributing the advantages of
the Treasury of the country to the different States
of the tjJKon. It is fair and equal.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I shall vote
for sustaining this clause; and I look, in doing so,
to the condition of the Army, and of the country
in timp of peace and in time of war. I believe that
our Army is the best Army in the world; and the
reason is, that our officers are the only officers in
the world, practically; forallof them are educated
to be common soldiers as well as officers, not only
in a particular line of the Army, but in every line
of the Army. Every cadet is educated and trained
to practice all the duties of a common soldier; and
he is educated to perform all the duties of an artil-
lery officer, of an infantry officer, of a cavalry of-
ficer, and also, of an officer of the scientific corps,
which is always attached to the Army. Hence it
is, that whenever you call the American officers
into the field, they are able to train and prepare
a«n effective army. I believe that if you increase
the number of cadets, and so the number of offi-
cers, you will be able, in fact, to diminish the rank
and file in proportion to that increase. So much,
I think, is shown by the operations of the Mexi-
can war.
Now, in regard to peace., The number of offi-
cers now educated at West Point is the same, or
practically the same, that it has been for many
years past; but recently we have enlarged the
boundaries of this country; we have increased im-
measurably the operations of the Government in
the way of military fortifications, defenses, inter-
nal improvements, and military roads. We have
need tor more officers with the great increase and
extent of the country, and with the military and
civic operations of the country. Besides, this is
our best school for the education of engineers—
not only military, but civil engineers.
In regard to the mode of constituting this ap-
pointment, I think that now practiced, and that
proposed in the bill, is the most equal, and the most
republican. Other appointments may go by
political favor; but this is sure to bring into the
Military Academy a number of persons every year,
equally from each part of the country, without
the least shadow of inequality, and to bring into
it a number of men proportioned to the power of
the political parties in Congress.
I see no reason why the Senators should not
have in these appointments the same influence, or
the same power, which is exercised by the mem-
bers of the House of Representatives. Why not ?
Are we not as capable? It is said here that we
have the power of appointing these persons, by
being called upon to advise and consentupon their
appointment to commissions by the President of
the United States when they come to be nominated
as officers of the Army, after having passed through
the Military Academy. But, sir, it will be seen, orr
a moment's reflection, that we exercise, practically,
no such power. Thesepersons are nominated now,
and are practically appointed, for cadets, by the
members of the House of Representatives. They
do not come here at all to obtain their warrants;
but after they have graduated at the Academy at
West Point, they are nominated by the President,
as a matter of course, for promotion, when
chances for promotion occur; and it is universally
the fact that the Senate gives its consent at once,
without inquiry and without objection. It is the
principle upon which the whole Army is consti-
tuted, and no objection prevails, unless it be one
to the Academy; and such a one I have never seen
arise here.
With these views I sustain this provision, what-
ever may be the inconvenience which may attach
to the exercise of such a duty as will be devolved
on Senators; still it will be a duty to perform like
everything else, which must be assumed for the
benefit of the country.
-Mi. CLAYTON. I think it is very apparent,
Mr. President 
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will yield
me the floor, to enable me to move to postpone
the further consideration of the bill until to-mor-
row.
Mr. CLAYTON. I only wish to occupy the
attention of the Senate for a few minutes.
Mr. MASON. Other gentlemen desire to debate
the question.
