1406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
I remarked, some days since, that letters could
be carried along the sea-coast from one city of the
Atlantic coast to another, for a penny apiece, and
money made at it. That remark I made in reply
to what had been said by the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
[Mr. Olds,] charging the present postal system
as ministering to the cupidity of the East. But,
if I am to be taken at my word, and the mail car-
ried by express, I shall ask that the arrangement
shall be limited to the fat of the land; and that
they shall not have to be called upon to carry
letters and newspapers into the sparsely settled
portions of the country, where it seems a rate of
two cents, or of ten cents a letter, will not pay
the expenses of carrying. These letters which
pay the cost of transportation so well have nothing
to do with that commerce of affection upon which
the gentleman from New York so eloquently
descants and so beautifully illustrates. There is
nothing in them but a commerce of affection for
business, and the results of that business. And
if you deprive the West of the protecting care of
the Government m the transmission of their let-
ters, you throw upon them the burden of a taxa-
tion much larger tnan they are now subjected to,
and in reference to which the honorable gentleman
from Ohio [iMr. Olds] complains.
But the gentleman speaks disparagingly of these
things, because he says in some instances the
Government does not accomplish as much as indi-
viduals could have accomplished. He also refers
to the slowness with which the Government com-
pletes its works of impiovement, such as railroads,
canals, ships, &c.  and then he brings up the mail,
as if it belonged to the same category. Why,
Mr. Speaker, individuals will construct their own
railroads, and they will build their own ships for
their own convenience, and just as fast as they are
able to convey theirown merchandise by railroads
and ships, just so fast will the Governmentconvey
its mails by the same conveyance. The Govern-
ment, therefore, will have all the advantages of
private enterprise, so far as the rapidity of the
transmission of the mail is concerned, and this is,
therefore, no argument in favor of turning the
matter over to individuals.
But the honorable gentleman fiom New York
takes the case of one brother in Massachusetts,
and another in Nebraska, and asserts that the
brother in Nebraska must pay more for his cor-
respondence than the one iri Massachusetts, for-
getting that our whole system here is one of com-
promises, and that those who do most and have
most, must make sacrifices to those who do least
and have least. And again, if the work of carry-
ing letters is to be abandoned as a public enter-
prise, and left to private enterprise, and the
brother in Nebraska should ascertain that slave-
holders were coming in there with their slaves,
and desired to write to the other brother to send
on Fiee Soil emigrants, sir, there would be time
enough to people the territory with blacks before
a letter would reach the brother in Massachusetts.
That would be one effect of adopting a system of
carrying the mail by priva'e enterprise
But, sir, this system of postage did not, as the
gentleman supposes, spring up from the intention
of somebody to carry letters and newspapers.
The very word itself shows that it did not. Every-
body knows thar it came from the habit of con-
veying persons by post-horses, and private ways
and means; and the Government took the mat-
ter into its own hands, for the purpose of insuring
safety, as well as expedition, in currying persons,
letters, and papers. Gentlemen who ttavel, at the
present moment, in the mountainous parts of
Europe, know that Government provides, at the
foot of every mountain post, means of getting
over—not exactly snorting horses of iron, or
horses themselves-—butgood stout yokes of oxen,
to take persons, papers, trunks, and all public doc-,
uments up the hill. They will go down, fortunate-
ly, themselves there as well as here. [Laughter.]
The management of the post office and the post-
age belongs to the sovereignty of the country, be
cause it is a ways and means by which the Gov-
ernment itself directs its sovereignty to the uses
and conveniences of those who cannot derive all
the advantages that the thickly settled portion of
our country has. -While they do that, they im-
press upon it the sanctity of sovere:gnty. They
give it safety, ar.d secure all of rapidity and regu-
larity that they can. These are considerations
of which we should never lose sight. As for
abolishing the Post Office Department, 1 am not
( astonished at^ie proposition, since I have seen
I the attempts to make it a means of national profit.
' Let it alone. Let it be just as it is now. Do
not let us askjor this or that condition. Do
not let us talk anything about the franking priv-
ilege. I know how popular it is for members to
get up and move its abolition. I saw yesterday
how every man was ready to cry out that if we
were to take a recess no member should be al-
lowed per diem during it. Nobody wanted, no-
body expected per diem; but every man wanted
to say that it should not be granted. [Laughter.]
So now every man who spends his hours in
scratching his name on documents, is ready -to
say that we shall not have the right of franking.
1 do not object to seeing my name on the cor-
ners of letters and documents, and in that way
going down to posterity. [Laughter.] It may as
well go in that way as any other. Every gentle-
man knows that that privilege is a tax upon our
time and a larger tax upon our purses, while it is
a great convenience to those who receive books
and letters from us. And while we lay before the
world the results of our labors and the multitude
of our talking, while we people the atmosphere
with our words, and fill the pigeon holes of our
correspondents with the records of those words,
we are perhaps letting fall something for the good
of those who sent us here. I trust, therefore, that
after the honorablechairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads has excused the
bills which he has laid upon the table as far as he
can, he will join with me and the rest of the
House in efforts to postpone their consideration
to a day when we can or shall not be here to de-
liberate action upon them. I have occupied more
time than I intended and now take my seat.
Mr. HAVEN. Has any proposition been
made for the disposition of this matter other than
by considering the bill and substitute upon their
merits ?
Mr. OLDS. I desire that the House should
take a vote on the bill.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not propose to occupy
more than two or three minutes of the time of the
House, unless some gentleman shall desire to
make an explarmuori in refeience to what I am
about to say, whilst I retain the floor. From
what 1 said the other day the House is aware that,
in my judgment, the rates of postage ought not to
be increased; on the contrary, if a change is to be
made, it would better comport with the spirit*of
proper legislation to ieduce the rates. That would
be more acceptable to me. As I understand the
bill and substitute now before us, and if I am
wrong, my friend, the chairman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, will correct me,
the original bill proposes an increase of the rates
of postage, while the substitute provides for pre-
payment in all cases, and the abolition of the
franking privilege. My friend nods assent, so 1
shall assume that as the main difference between
the two propositions.
That being so, Mr. Speaker, I am under the
impression that the House had better refuse to
pass either of these bills. No great good will
; come of the passage of either. From eveiy-
] thing I have seen and heard upon the subject, I
| think it will be quite as well to leave the subject
j precisely where u is. I am of the opinion that it
| would be better to adopt the substitute than pass
j the original bill, as the substitute does not pro-
! pose to increase the rates of postage. It steers
! entirely clear of the question of compensation of
postmasters, about which my friend from Ohio
[Mr. OldsJ and myself had a discussion the other
day, but the original bill would open up that ques-
tion again. In reference to the flanking privilege
raised by the substitute, I think thp substitute
does not change the existing state of things. Let
me say to the House, in this regard, that the substi-
tute proposes simply, thatan account s-hall bekept,
and when members shall send their documents and
letters free, that they shall be charged over to the
| contingent expenses of the House, and paid in
! that way. They go free now, without any charge
; or any account being kept, and the proposed new
' system will only create the necessity of new ma-
chinery and new clerks, for the put pose of keep-
ing the accounts. The same documents and
j letters will continue to be transmitted, and the ex-
! pense paid out of the Treasury, as if the charge
were not made. The keeping of accounts will
not decrease the expense of transportation, and
the new clerks required will therefore be a dead
loss. Sir, if we meddle with the franking privi-
lege at all, I submit we had better abolish it alto-
gether, and leaveevery member, as well as constit-
uent, to pay their own postage. 1 am, however,
contented to leave that subject where it now is.
One word further upon the subject of increase
of postage provided for in this original bill. 1
find, by looking at table D. in the documents ac-
companying the President's message for this year,
volume three, at page 820, that the revenues of
the Post Office Department are deficient about two
millions of dollars. I wish to call the attention
of the House to this table, not for any sectional
purpose, but for the ptfrpose of placing myself
and some of my friends from the State of New
York right with gentlemen from the South, in
voting against an increase of postage. Sir, it ap-
pears from this table, carefully prepared by the
Postmaster General, that that deficiency arises
altogether from the condition of things in the States
and Territories south of Pennsylvania and Ohio,
excluding the State of Louisiana. There is col-
lected in the State of Louisiana postages to the
amount of $128,170 18; and there is paid out for
transportation of the mails in that State $92,885 29.
The General Government collects more money for
postages in that State than it pays out for trans-
portation of mails and in conducting all its postal
operations there, by $37,749^45.
Take my own State, the State of New York.
According to this table, the General Government
collects in that State, for postages, $1,175,516 06;
whilst she pays out for transportation of mails
and ail her other postal operations there, only
$455,019 76; so that this Government collected
out of my own State, for postages last year,
$720,496 30 more than she expended in the whole
mail and post office service there.
I ask the House to look at that, Mr. Speaker—
$720,496 30! Nearly three quarters of a million of
dollars of postage is collected in New York be-
yond what is expended there, and yet there is a
deficiency in the revenues of the Post Office De-
partment of over $2,000,000. Where does that
deficiency occur? What part of the Union fails to
pay its post office expenses ? That is a pertinent
question now, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. HOUSTON. The statements in the table
read by the gentleman from New York will not
be controverted, but I desire to remind him, that
a great deal of the revenue collected from postage
is derived from Alabama, Mississippi,South Car-
olina, and other States, through which the through
mails pass. A large portion of the expense for
the transportion of*fche mail from New Yoik to
New Orleans is chai^d to the States of Alabama,
Georgia, and South Carolina, while the revenues
are collected at the extreme end of the line in
New York, Massachusetts, and Louisiana. These
trunks of mail transportation, these great through
lines, which cost the large amounts of money.
The transportation of the mails by these lines is
charged to the States through which they pass,
while the revenue derived from their service shows
itself as collected in other States. And, theiefore,
it is desirable that the House should look into this,
and do justice to those States in which the expend-
iture is lurger than the revenue received.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Speaker, the suggestion
of thegentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] is
a very proper one, and seems to have been taken
notice of, to some extent, by the Postmaster Gen-
eral m arriving at the results which I have been
stating. Sir, the Postmaster General made up
the table from which I have been reading. It is
not an estimate of my own. He chatges the
amount paid for transportation within the limits
of each State, and sets down here the amount of
postage received within the limits of each State.
Now, the gentleman from Alabama suggests that
the postage is collected at the ends of the large
lines. Well, sir, these lines, of course, have two
ends. Those he speaks of have a southern end
as well as a northern one. How does it happen
pn his hypothesis, that the southern end does not
oay as well as the northern one ? Sir, it is at the
rioithern end that you collect these laige revenues;
but let me tell the gentleman that the stream of
revenue is quite as large, nay, larger, upon the
lines that run west and northwest, as it is upon
those that run north and south.
