"1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. CLAYTON. Then I will not ask to be
heard. I only wished to make a suggestion.
Mr. MASON. 1 move that the further consid-
eration of the hill be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am willing to let the bill go
over* under the circumstances.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 21, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
TheJournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER presented to the House a mes-
sage from the President of theUmted Stated, trans-^,
mitting a report from the Secretary of the Interio^
in compliance with a resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 13th ultimo, covering tabu-
lai^statements, exhibiting:
First. The area of each State and Territory,
expressed in square miles and acres.
Second. The extent of public domain now re-
maining in each State and Territory, expressed m
acres.
Third. The extent of public domain alienated
by the Government of the United States in each
State and Ten itory, distinguishing between that
sold for a valuable consideration, and that given,
granted, ceded, or conveyed for the purposes of
education, public buildings, internal improvements,
and miscellaneous objects.
On motion by Mr. HAVEN, the papers were
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, transmitting an estimate of the cost of a
breakwater for the protection of the custom-house
site at Point Isabel, Texas; and, also, a copy of a
letter received from Stephen Powers, Esq., col-
lector at that port, in regard to the necessity of
such a structure; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. BRECKl NRIDGE here obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman give way for a moment to allow me to ask
the unanimous consent of the House to present
certain papers ?
Mr. MURRAY. I have a report I desire to
make/from the Committee on Printing, which 1
believe is always in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know the
nature of the proposition which the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] desires to make,
and until he is informed he cannot decide whether
the gentleman from New York can take the floor
from him.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask the gentleman to
allow me a moment of his time.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will yield to the
gentleman from Illinois, if thereby I do not lose
my right to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
will state for the introduction of what papers he
asks the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask it for the purpose
of presenting joint resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of Illinois relative to a grant of land
by Congress to the Great Northwestern Railroad
Company.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
the resolutions will be received.
The resolutions were then ordered to He on the
table, and be printed.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT OF PATENT OFFICE.
Mr. MURRAY, from the Committee on Print-
ing on the part, of the House, reported the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed by the printer of the
House one hundred thousand extra copies ot the Agricul-
tural Report of the Commissioner of Patent?, for tiie use of
the member* of the House, and ten thousand for the use of
the Patent Office, together with the plates.
The number recommended in the resolution is
the same number which has heretofore been
printed by the House, ft will give four hundred
copies to each member. I move the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the resolution.
The preyioi^ question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. MURRAY. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution passed, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken; and the latter motion
was agreed to.
CUSTOM-HOUSES, ETC.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 have taken the floor,
Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of redeeming a
promise made by me, pending the discussion upon
the deficiency bill, that i would avail myself of
the first opportunity of taking the sense of the
House with regard to taking up and disposing of,
in the Committee of the Whole, the separate bill
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means,
providing appropriations for the construction of
custom-houses and marine hospitals. With a view
of taking the sense of the House upon that sub-
ject, therefore, I now submit the motion, that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itselfinto the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is to take the vote upon the motion just sub-
mated by the gentleman from Kentucky, to 2:0'into
Committee offthe Whole on the.statepf the Union.
The Chair will state, however, that if the motion
should be voted down the business regularly be-
j fore the House will then be the call of committees
I for reports.
I Mr CAMPBELL. I hope, then, the Housewill
i vote down the motion to go into committee; and
will allow us to have the morning hour spent in
calling committees for reports.
The question war taken; and the House re-
fused to go into committee.
RESOLUTIONS OF LEGISLATURE OF ILLINOIS.
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN, by unanimous con-
sent, presented joint resolutions of the Geneial
Assembly of Illinois: In favor of the passage of
a law by Congress, granting land to aid in the
construction of a railroad from the most feasible
point on the west shore of Lake Michigan to the
mineral region of Lake Superior; in favor of so
modifying the "existing tariff laws as to remove
entirely the duty on sugar, molasses, and railroad
iion, and have them placed on the free list; and
in favor of a grant by Congress of such lands as
they may deem just and necessary to aid in corn-
plating, at as early a day as it is practicable, a
ship canal around the Falls of Niagara, in ac-
cordance with the act of the Legislature of New
York upon that subject, passed July 21, 1853.
The joint resolutions were laid upon the table;
and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The regular business now in
oider is the call of committees for reports, com-
mencing with the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. COBB obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. DUNBAR, who said: 1 ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to present a joint
resolution of the State of Louisiana, with regard
to a grant of land by Congress to aid in the con-
duction of a railroad from Mobile to New Or-
jans, with a view of having it read and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. It will be received, and so
referred. *
Mr. DUNBAR. I ask that the resolution may
be read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest to
the gentleman from Louisiana, that objection will
most certainly be made to the reading of the reso-
lution, and that will shut out its reception alto-
gether.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. DUNBAR. The resolution is very short,
and 1 think should be read. I have observed that
it has been the usual custom to have the resolu-
tions of sovereign States read and referred in open
House, and I think it is a very proper custom.
At any rate it has usually been done, and I there-
fore ask to have this resolution read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair somewhat hastily
announced that the resolution would be received
and referred unless objection be made. If, however, I
the gentleman requires that it shall be read, the
Chair decides that he is in time; and the question i
now is, whether the House will, by unanimous
consent, receive the resolution; and allow it to.be
read and referred to the Committee on Public
Laads, and be printed ? , 4
Mr. JONES, of New York. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution cannot
be introduced.
Mr. HAVEN. I apprehend this irregular busi-
ness will continue unless some one arrests it. I
therefore call for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has aireadyan-
nounced that the regular order of business is the
call ot committees for reports; and the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] was upon the floor for
the purpose of making a report from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. DUNBAR. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will make an inquiry of the Chair.
What has become of the resolution which I asked
should be introduced, read, and ordered to be
punted? I do not understand what has been the
action of the House on it.
The SPEAKER. The resolution was not re-
ceived. The Chair stated, for the bene6t of the
gentleman and the House, and he is sorry that he
was not understood, that he very hurriedly an-
nounced, unless objection was made it would be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed. The Chair heard no objec-
tion at the moment. In the mean time, thegentle-
man from Louisiana [Mr. Dunbar] arose, and in-
sisted on the reading of the resolution. Then the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Jones] objected
to its bfing'read, and therefore to its reception.
Mr. DUNBAR. I would ask the gentleman
fiom INewYorkto withdraw his objection, and
allow the resolution to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES. I had no objection to that por-
tion of the gentleman's original motion, but I was
opposed to the useless consumption of time in the
reading of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then, if there be nn objec-
tion the resolution will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
1'here was no objection; and it was so ordered.
REPORT OF COMMITTEE ON PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, I am instructed by
the Committee on Public Lands to report adversely
on the joint resolutions of the General Assemhly
of the State of Alabama, which asked of Con-
gress a grant of the public lands for the purpose
of making a geological survey of that State. Pre-
vious to submitting the report, however, 1 want
to relieve the minds of members in relation to
the action of that committee in one particular.
Gentlemen have long complained because we
have, in the discharge of our duty in making
reports to the House on questions referred to the
committee, occupied what they considered too
much time. We have a number of reports in our
possession ready to make, but not desiring to
subject ourselves to the constant charge of occupy-
ing nearly the whole time of the House, we shall
not do so now. We have resolved in committee
this morning to make no reports in reference to
grants for railroad purposes, until the Committee
on Public Lands shall have been called a second
time. We desire to obviate the objection, that we
consume all the time of the House. We are will-
ing to forego the privilege which we now have.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
1 louse that the gentleman from Alabama shall
continue his speech ?
Mr. COBB. I am through. I regret that I can
never make explanation while many others are
indulged.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman' from Ala-
bama is out of order.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman from Alabama
will take his seat.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is out of or-
der in continuing his speech.
Mr. COBB. Can I submit another report?#
The SPEAKER. If it be from the committee
the gentleman can.
The Chair must say, in justice to himself, that
he feels he occupies his piesent position for the
very purpose of preserving order, and the gentle-
man must indulge him in the discharge of his
duty.
Mr. COBB. I can with great propriety answer
that, but I shall refrain frem doing so. Other mem-
