2266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
lieu of the half of said section sixteen, which is
covered by the concession to said Ktnatrd; and
when the said board of directors shall make the
selection of said half section, the[y] shall notify
the register of the land office m said district of the
land so selected, and the same shall be reserved
from sale and set apart for the use of schools m
said township: Provided, That said selection and
notification be made within twelve months after
the passage of this act, and provided said selec-
tion shall be according to the legal subdivisions of
the public lands, and in quantities not less than
eighty acres.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, when
the half section of land shall have been so as afore-
said selected and reported to the register aforesaid,
the same shall vest m the State of Missouri, sub-
ject to the same disposition and uses, and shall be
held subject to the same conditions and terms in
field, Skowhegan, Norridgewock, and Madison, :
to North Anson. - ;
From Augusta, by Hallowell, French's Cor- ]
iters, Litchfield, Litchfield Corners, Bowdoin, ;
Little River Village, and South Durham, to Free- ;
port.
From Bangor, by Eddington, East E'ldington,
Tilden, Wesley, Crawford, Alexander, and ,
Baring, to Calais, (over the "Black Road," so ;
called.) '
Prom Bangor, by North Bangor, Orono, West ;
Great Works, Oidtown, Milford, Sunkhaze,
Greenbush, Ollamon, Passadumkeag, West En- j
field, South Lincoln, Lincoln, Lincoln Centre, |
and North Lincoln, to Mattawankeag. ^
From Bangor, by Six Mile Falls, Glenburn, j
Ktrkland, Bradford, South Orneville, Orneville, j
and Milo, to Brownsville.
From Bangor, by North Hermon, South Le- !
all respects whatsoever, as by the sixth section of j! vant, West Levant, Exeter, Garland West Dover,
the act.of Congress of March sixth, eighteen hun- j! kast Sangerville, and Centre Guilford, to Mon- ,
drt'd and twenty, entitled "An act to authorize j son. •
the people of Missouri Territory to form a con- j; From Bangor to Upper Stillwater
stitntiim and State government, and for the ad
From Bangor, by Hermor, Carmel, Etna, East
Newport, Newport, Palmyra, Pittsfield, and Oa-
j naan, to Skowhegan.
From Bangor, by East Hampden, Hampden,
mission of such State into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States, and to prohibit
slavery in certain Territories," were prescribed - . , . •, , ,
or intended in relation to sections numbered six- bouth Hampden, North Frankfort, trankfort
tgen lj Mills, North Searsport, and Swanvilie, to Belfast.
Approved, August 5, 1854. jl , Fro™ bX B^men, Holden, East Hoi-
5  i: den, North Ellsworth, and Ellsworth Falls, to
Public, XCII!.—JinJlct to establish a Land Dis- jj ^p^^Bangor, by Bremen, Bremen Village,
t, ict m the Slate of Honda, to be called the -District j; Omngtonj S°uth drrington, North Bucksport,
of Tampa.
Be it enacted by the Se?iafe and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That all that part of the land districts
of NuntansviUe and St. Augustine, in the State
of Florida, lying south of the line dividing town-
ships nineteen and twenty, south, be, and the
same is hereby, created a land district, to be called
the District of Tampa, the office for which shall
be at Tampa.
Sec 2 dud be. it further enacted, That this act
shall take effect at the expiration of six months
from the day of its passage.
Approved, August 5, 1854.
Public, XCIV.-
-An Act to establish certain Post
Roads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentative*; of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following be established as
post roads in lieu of those heretofore established,
viz:
Maine.—From Alexander to Wesley, through
the town of Crawford.
From Alfred, by Lyman, Lyman Centre,
Goodwin*h Mills, North Kennebunkport, and
Biddeford, to Saeo.
From Augusta, by South China, North Paler-
mo, Freedom Brooks, Monroe, Ellingwood Cor-
ners, to Hampden.
From Augusta, by Brown's Corners, Vassal-
boro\ East Vassalboro', China, Albion, Unity
Troy, Dixmont, DixmontCentre,Npwburg, West j
Hampden, and Hampden, to Bangor.
From Augusta, hy South Vassalboro', South \\ Katahdin Iron Works.
Bucksport Centre, Bucksport, Orland, and North i
Castine, to Castme. * I
From Bangor, by "West Glenburn, Kendus- ;
keag, Corinth, Exeter Mills, Exeter, Dexter,
Ripley, West Ripley, Mam Stieam, and Har-
mony, to Athens.
jl From B ingor, by North Hermon, South Le- |
vant, Roger's Corners, Stetson, North Newport, 1
I Corrinna, Corrinna Centre, and St. Alban's, to ,
'■ Hortland.
I- From Belfast, by East Knox, Knox Centre, j
jj Freedom, West Freedom, South Albion, China, I
| and Wmslow, to Waterville.
j! From Belfast,by Waldo,South Brooks,Brooks, '
i! and South Jackson, to Jackson. j
jl From Belgrade,by Belgrade Mills, Rome, Mer- !
i cer, and Stark, to West Mills. j
From Belgrade, by Belgrade Mills, Rome, East ;
New Sharon, New Sharon, Industry, and West's 1
Mills, to North Industry.
From Bethel, by Newry, Newry Corners,
Bear River, and Grafton, to Letter B.
From Biddeford, by Saco, Bar Mills, Hollis
Centre, Waterborough Centre, Limerick, East
Parsonfield, North Parsonfield, Effingham Falls,
New Hampshire, Freedom, and East Madison,
to Madison.
From Biddeford, by Stico, Hollis, Buxton,
West Buxton, and North Hollis, to Limerick.
From Bristol, by Newcastle, to Pemaquid.
From Brooks, by Monroe, Ellmgwood Corner,
and Hampden to Bangor.  
From Brunswick to Bath.
From Brownsville, by North Brownsville, to
China, Palermo, North Palermo, Montville, Lib-
erty, East Montville, North Searsmont, and Bel-
moni, to Belfast.
From Augusta, bv Hallowell Cross Roadn and
Eftfit Wmthrop, to Winthrop.
From Augusta, by Sidney, Waterville, Ken-
dall's Mills, Fatrfield Corners, Bloomfield, and
Skowhegan, to Norridgewock.
From Augusta, by Togus Spring, South Wind-
sor, Cooper's Mills, West Jefferson, Jefferson,
North Waldoboro', Union, East Union, South
Hone, and West Camden, to Rockland.
From Augusta, by Hallowell Cross Roads, East
Head field, Readfield Depo&, Readfield, Mount
Vernon, Vienna, Farmington Falls, Farmington,
Strong, and Avon, to Phillips.
From Augusta, by West Sydney, Belgrade,
North Belgrade, Smithfield, Osoola, Norridge-
wock, and Madison, to North Anson.
From Augusta, by Windsor, Patricktown,
North Washington, Light's Corners, Liberty, 'i Dover, to Dover
From Buckfield, by Sumner, to West Sum-
ner.
From Buckfield, by East Sumner, Hartford,
and Canton Mills, to Canton.
From Bucksport, by Orland, North Blue Hill,
i Blue Hill, Blue Hill Falls, North Sedgwick, and
' Deer Isle, to South Deer Isle.
j From Calais, by Milltown, Baring, Sprague's
\ Falls, Baileyviile, Princetown, Watte, Topsficld,
, Jackson, Brook, Battel fields, Orient, Amity, and
Hogdon, to Houlton.
From Camden, by Hope, McLain's Mills, and
! North Appleton, to Searsmont
From Camden to North Haven.
From Charlotte, by Widdytemps and Cooper,
to Alexander.
i From Cherryfield, byBeddmgton, to Dellnys.
; From Dennysville, *by Pembroke and Robbins-
; ton, to Red Beach.
From Dexter, by Dover South Mills, and West
South Montville, Searsmont, and Belmont, to ,
Belfast. j
From Augusta, by Sydney, Waterville, Fair-j
field, North Fairfield, South Bloomfield, Bloom- !
From Dexter, by 'West Dover, Dover South
Mills, and Dover, to Foxcroft.
From Dixfield, by Peru and Canton Mills and
Liverpool, to Strickland Ferrv Depot,
From Dixmont, by North Dixmont, Plymouth,
to East Newport.
From Dover, by East Dover, South Sebec,
i Milo, Kilmarnock, and Maxfield, to Howland.
i From East Corinth, by Charleston, Atkinson,
j North Atkinson, Sebec, and Williamsburgh, to
, Brownsville.
• From East Machias, by Whiting and West
' Lubec, to Lubec.
From East Machias, by North Cutler, to Cut-
l ler.
From the east line of the State, by Fort Fair-
! field, Manchester.and Presque Isle,to Aroostook.
| From East Eddington, by Amherst, Aurora,
' "Wesley, and Crawford, to Baileyviile.
From Ellsworth, byOtlan, Bucksport, Pros-
: pect Ferry, Prospect, South Prospect, and Sears-
I port, to Belfast.
j From Ellsworth to Waltham.
1 From Ellsworth, by Surry, Blue Hill, Penob-
! scot, and North Castine, to Castine.
; From Ellsworth, by West Trenton, Eden, and
I Mount Desert, to Southwest Harbor.
! From Ellsworth, by Hancock, West Sullivan,
: Sullivan, East Sullivan, West Goldsboro', Gokls-
- boro', and Steuben, to Narraguagus.
From Ellsworth, by North Hancock, Frank-
! lin, Narraguagus, Harrington, Columbia, Jones-
j boro', and Whitneyville, to Machias.
From Ellsworth, by Tilden, North Mariaville*,
I Amherst, Aurora, to Great Pond.
j From Exeter, by West Garland, South San-
■ gerfield, and Guilford, to Abbot.
! From Farmington, by East Strong, New Vine-
I yard, and New Portland, to Kingsfield.
i From the Forks to Moose river.
j From GofF's Corners, by Auburn, North Au~
I burn, and Turner, to North Turner.
From GofF's Corners, by East Turner and North
Turner Bridge, to Livermore Centre.
From Gorham,by Buxton Centre toWestBux-
; ton.
j From Great Falls,by Lebanon, Sanford, Spring-
1 vale, Emery Mills, Acton, Acton Corner, North
Acton, West Newfield, West Parso  field, Effing-
ham, New Hampshire, Effingham Falls, and Free-
dom, to Eaton Centre.
From Green Depot, by South Leeds, to Leeds.
Fiom Guilford, by Parkman and Cambridge,
to Harmony.
From Hampden, by South Hampden, South
Newburgh, Dixmont, Morton's Corner, in Jack-
son, to Jackson.
From Haynesville, by Bancroft Plantations, to
Weston.
From Houlton, by Monticello, Bridgewater,
and Presque Isle, to Fort Fairfiefd.
From Houlton to Woodstock, New Brunswick.
From Kennebunk, by Wells, Ogunquit, Cape
Neddick, and York, to Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire.
From Kenduskeag, by South Corinth, East
Corinth, West Charleston, South Dover, Dover,
Foxcroft, Sangerville, Guilford, and Abbot, to
Monson.
From Lebanon, by Centre Lebanon, to West
Lebanon.
From Leeds Station, by South Leeds, Leeds,
North Leeds, Strickland's Ferry Depot,and East
Livermore, to Livermoie Falls.
From Letter B, by Wentworth's Location, to
Wilson's Mills.
From Limerick, by Newfield, West Newfield,
East Wakefield, New Hampshire,and Leighton's
; Corners, to Ossipee.
I From Lincoln,l-y Lee, Springfield, Carroll,and
j Kossuth, to Topsfield.
|! From Lincoln Centre, by Pattagumpus and
;j Chester, to Nickerton.
!i From Livermore Falls, by Jay, North Jay,
; Wilton, and East Wilton, to Farmington.
]i From Lovell, by North Fryburg, to Stow.
'{ From Machias, by East Machias, Marion, Den-
nysville, and Charlotte, to Calais.
From Machias, by North Fairfield, Wesley,
Crawford, and Alexander, to Princeton.
From Machias to Machiasport.
From Mattawamkeag, by South Moluncus,
Haynesville, and Linnaeus, to Houlton.
From Mattawamkeag, by Conway and Num-
ber Three, to Patten.
From Mechanics* Falls, by West Minot and
East Hebron, to Buckfield.
From Mexico, by Roseb-ury, t-9 Byron.
