1410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
That the accounting officers of the Treasury be author-
ized to adjust the expense of a boat d of commissioner^ ap-
pointed untie? an aet of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Utah, approved by tnp Governor thereof Jan-
uary Ifi, Ifc52, to prepare a codu of laws and of practice for
said Territory; and the just and proper compensation and
expense found to have been necessarily mcuned bcfote
the passage of this resolution, the evidence oi which, with
the laws drawn by said commissioners, "shall be sub'mited
in detail to said accounting officers,and the amounts so
found, shall be paid from the balatiec of appropnations
<cfr>r compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative Assembly, officers clerks, and contingent ex-
penses of the Territory of Utah," now landing on the
books of the Treasury unexpended: Provided, That the
authority to charge the expense on said balance is not an
approval by Congress of the aet of the Territorial Legisla-
ture of Utah creating a board for <\ term of yea.)a to repoit
laws, from time to time, for the action of the Legislature of
said Territory.
Mr. HOUSTON. We have passed that point
in the bill where this amendment is in order; and
as the amount is entirely indefinite, I ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio to withhold it for the present,
and see if he cannot ascertain the amount which
it will be necessary for us to appropriate for this
-purpose. If the committee has observed the
reading of the amendment, it has seen that it is
wholly indefinite. We do not know whether under
it we are appropriating fifty dollars or $50,001).
We simply authorize the settlement of expenses
about which we know nothing, which were unau-
thorized when contracted for. As we have passed
that part of the bill where it would lie in order, I
ask the gentleman from Ohio to hold it up, and
get it introduced in the Senate, if it. is just.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would have explained the
amendment, so far as I could, to the committee, if
I had supposed there would have been any objec-
tion to it. I had previously submitted to my hon-
orable friend from Alabama [Mr. Houston) the
statement of the gentleman from Illinois, the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories, [Mr. Rich-
ardson-,] who is now absent, when he reported,
by order of that committee, thisjoint resolution.
I will say that it requires no appropriation of
money. There is already appropriated and un-
expended, as just stated in the letter of the Comp-
troller of the Treasury, which was sent to the
Clerk's desk by the Delegate from Oregon, [Mr.
Lake,] a large amount of money in the Treasury
of Utah Territory. P>ut the object of this amend-
ment is to enable the Secretary of the Treasury,
or his subordinates, to pay the board of com-
missioners who have prepared, under the direc-
tion of the Territorial Legislature of Utah, a code
of laws enacted by that body. Those expenses
had been heretofore paid in other Territories, and
it is usual to do so in such cases.
I was informed by the Delegate from Utah this
morning [Mr. TSkrvhiski ] that this resolution
w;'s drawn up under the direction of Comptroller
Whittlesey. I addressed a note to him as to the
propriety of this resolution, and asking hnn to
specify the amount, necessary. I received from
him the reply I hold in my hand, which 1 will
send to the Clerk to read.
The letter was read, as follows;
T R K A ft X- K'Y D i. 1' A RT MKJfT, )
Comptroller's OmeK, June 15,1854. <>
"Dear Sir: I return to you a copy of the joint resolution
" auihoriziaK the accounting ofhe >rs of the Treasury to
adjuj-t the expenses of a board of * (munitioners appointed
by the Territorial Assembly of IJiah to prepare a code of
laws." And, in reply to your inquiries, 1 say • Fim. The
like power has been "ranted to the accounting otlicers to
*>ettl<; the like expent-ey m other Territories;, and unless it
should be granted m this case, 710 allowance can be made.
Second. As to the amount of the expenses when Mr. Bab-
bitt, the present Secret.try 0/ ITiuh c ame here, he presented
the claim of the code commH^ioncrs tor their services,
amounting to ,$2,428 10. lie had paid on tins claim ,*2,0(H).
On being informed that an allowance could not he made to
bim for th " payment without authority irom (Jongies-, he
withdrew the account.
It is proper to state, that the sum of $2,4-23 ]u included
the compensation of the commissioners, and tleik.
Most eineeiely yours,
EIJSHA WriTTTLB3EY.
Ilon.Jonx L. Taylor, Chairman ad interna of the Com-
vtUlce on Terr itoi tes.
The question was then taken on the amendment;
and it was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desire to
offer an amendment, to come in after line six
hundred and forty-five.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Page twenty-seven, line six hundred and forty-five,
m«ert:
For putchasinir for the use of the State Department
one hundred copies of Lktle and Brown's edition of the
United States Statutes at Large, and the same number of
the pamphlet laws of the Thirty-Third Congress, $3,337."
Mr. STANTON. It is possible that I may
have allowed the place to be passed by in which
this amendment would more properly come in;
but it is perhaps quite as well here as anywhere
else.
The Secretary of State addressed to me a letter,
some time since, in which he states that, m con-
sequence of casualties by fire to the offices for
which those books are to be supplied, it is neces-
sary to furnish one hundred additional copies.
Mr HOUSTON". 1 must object to going back,
and offering; amendments to parts of the bill which
we have passed. If we do so, there is no telling
when we shali get through with the bill.
Mr. STANTON. I do not propose to go back.
Mr. HOUSTON. But we have already passed
the part of the bill in referenced the State Depart-
ment.
Mr. STANTON. This is an amendment to
| provide for the purchase of books for their use;
j and I presume it is perfectly in order.
I The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remark
| that it would have been more regular at an earlier
i stage of the bill; but he will still hold it to be in
1 order now.
| Mr, STANTON. The Secretary of State asks
: for a small appropriation for the purchase of
j bonks, to supply the place of those which have
I been burnt, and which are necessary for offices
j to be furnished, and offices which have been re-
| cently erected. It seems to me it would be a very
j technical objection to say that this is not the
? pioper place to insert the appropriation.
| Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman may suppose
| what he pleases about technicalities; but if he ex-
j pects me to consent to go back in this bill to insert
j appropriations, he will find himself mistaken. If
he had been piesent, and attended to the bill, he
would have had no dilliculty in offering his amend-
ment at the proper place. The Chairman has,
however, ruled this amendment to be m order,
and I have nothing further to say.
Mr. STANTON. Then I shall have nothing
further to say. I ask that the communication
from the Secretary of State may be read.
The following letter was then read:
Dkpautmknt of rvrvrrc, )
Washington, Mm/'25, 185-1. \
Hru: f have to request that <u« appiopnatioii bo made by
Ontoi the pu 1 chase of one bundled copies
of Little &. ttrowu'n edition of the United States Statutes
at Laige.
Jt has become necessary to procure an additional supply
of that woi k, parllv m consequence of the los<es occasioned
tn different parts of the country by fire, and partly by an
increase of the nuinbei ot oilicei 5 of the Government, who
! aie, by existing laws, entitled to leceive the work from this
Department.
An additional supply of one hundred copies of the pam-
phlet laws of the Thirty Third Congress will al*o be re-
( <jtmed fordistMb.ition, rendenngnecessary an appropriation
1 oi seventy-hve dollar.
1 am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. L. iWAUUY.
Hon. F. r. Stanton, Chairman Judicialy Committee,
House of Representative*.
The question was taken, and the amendment
adopted.
Mr. PIIELPS moved to amend in the six
hundred and forty-second line by striking out
"$y 0U0" and inserting "$9,400;" so that the
paragraph, as amended, would lead:
For compensation of the district attorneys, $9,400.
Mr. P.said: I move this increase in order to
embrace the district attorneys for the Territories
of Kansas and Nebraska.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PIIELPS. I move, for the same reason, to
increase the appropriation m the next paragraph
from $7,SOU to £8,200, in order to embrace the
marshals for the same Territories.
The paragraph, as amended, would read:
For compensation of the marshals, §8,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRUM. I move to amend by adding, at
the end of the following paragraph:
For annuities and prams, &750,
—the word's:
And that the eighth section of the act of Congress ap-
proved the 3d March, 18.53, entitled '• An act making ap-
piopriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending iWth of June, lcv>4,>' be,
and the samftb hereby, revived and continued 111 force.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will state to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that that was a usual provis-
ion when there were temporary clerks in the
Treasury Departmept. There are not such clerks,
however, now. The classification which was pro-
vided for last year has dispensed with all the
temporary clerks 111 the Treasury Department,
with the exception of the Third Auditor's office,
and they are provided for m the bill m another
place. The amendment of the gentleman is there-
fore unnecessary. The classification made two
years ago dispensed with all the temporary clerk-
ships,and thereare none now legally in existence.
Mr. DRUM. At! I can say in reply is, that
the act of 1842, creating these temporary clerk-
shins, was revived in 1846, and again in 1853;
and that the Secretary of the Interior and the
Fourth Auditor recommend that it be a^ain re-
vived. If the matter be provided for^in another
part of the bill, as the gentleman from Alabama
says that it is, 1 shall press my amendment no
furt her.
Mr. HOUSTON. I spoke of the clerks in the
Third Auditor's office. The temporary clerk-
ships are all dispensed with, excepting those in
the Third Auditor's office, which are grven for the
purpose of examining the rolls connected with
the bounty land laws. The temporary force in
the Pension office was discharged a few days ago,
and a few additional permanent clerks substituted.
The law of 1853 requires that the Treasury De-
partment shall have a certain number of clerks,
it takes up the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, and
Sixth Auditor's office—all the Auditor's offices—
classifies the clerks, and provides expressly that
these offices shall have only the clerks specified
therein. In this view of the case I make a point
of order on the gentleman's amendment. There
is no law for it; really it is against law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustain a the point
of order, on the ground that the amendment pro-
poses a change of a general law. We are now
considering an appropnation hill into which nothing
can come m order but appropriations under laws,
and directions for their disbursement.
Mr.PRESTON. After the heading "custom-
houses," insert as follows:
For completing the euston-house at St. Louts, Missouri.
■ ,*100,000.
; For completing the customhouse at Mobile, Alabama,
$b.).00n.
l-'m completing the custom-house at Cincinnati, Ohio,
: $t4o,uoo.
For completing the custom-house at Lou^ville, Ken-
tucky, {$40,000.
For completing the custom-house at Bangor, Maine,
$20,000.
For completing the custom house, Bath. Maine, $20,000..
For completing the custom-house at Wilmington, Dela-
ware,
To pmclmne a cite for custom-house at Providence,
Rhode Maud, £24,000.
Mr. PRESTON, I dislike to trouble the House
again with this amendment for the custom-houses,
for they are old acquaintances, every oneof which
has been approved by this body upon the yeas
and nays during this session; but I desire to recall
to Us memory the reason assigned by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means for resisting the inser-
tion of these appropriations in the deficiency bill.
When that was under consideration, they said
that these appropriations should not be ingrafted
as amendments upon it, but that it was proper
they should be contained 111a separate bill The
Committee of Ways and Means having, through
its chairman, engineered the original bill until it
was defeated, a younger member was authorized
to report a second bill, accompanied by another
providing separately for the custom-houses, and
in this manner succeeded in getting -through the
last deficiency bill. Thegentleman from Alabama,
■ [Mr. Phillips,] seduced by this proposition of
I the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Brecictn-
| ridge,] together with some other of our friends,
i acted with this hope; and the consequence was,
| that we lost the custom-houses, which we had pre-
' viously carried separately by ten or twelve votes,
i New, the Committee of Ways and Means again
' tell us not to be impatient, and we will reach the
; separate bill for the custom-houses, which they
! have reported in the regular course of parliament-
! ary resurrection. For my own part, I believe it
j a desperate hope. If we entertain it we will again
be disappointed, and merit to be laughed at. I
, have seen a ludicrous cut in one of Hood *s works,
1 of a fellow riding a donkey, who is seated so near
j his tail that there is barely room for himself, but
j laughingly invites a weary traveler to get up be-
J hind. [Laughter.]
