THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
From Lake Village, by West Alton, to Alton
Bay.
From Lancaster, by Jefferson Mills, to Jeffer*
son.
From Lancaster, by Jefferson Mills, Jefferson,
Kilkenny, Randolph, Gorham, Shelburne, Gilead,
and West Bethel, to Bethel.
From Lisbon, by Sugar Hill, to Franconia.
From Littleton, by Whitefield, to Lancaster.
From Lower Bartiett, by Jackson and Pink-
ham's Grant, to Gorham.
From Lyman, by North Lyman, to Lower
Waterford.
Frg  Manchester, by Auburn, Chester, Hamp-
steacr^ind Atkinson, to Haverhill, Massachusetts.
From Manchester, by Auburn, Candia, South
Deerfield, Deerfield, Nottingham,Lee,and Wad-
ley 'a Falls, to Newmarket. j
From Mason "Village, by New Ipswich and
Temple, to Peterborough.
From Meredith Village, bv Centre Harbor,
Moultonborough, Sandwich, Kentenie Sandwich,
and North Sandwich, to Tarn worth.
From Meredith Village, by Centre Harbor, j
Moultonborough, Sandwich, South Tamworth, j
Tamworth, Tamworth IronWorks, Eaton, Con-
way, and Centre Conway, to Fryburgh, Maine.
From Nashua,by South Merrimack, Amherst,
New Boston, and South Weare, to Weare.
From Nashua, by South Merrimack and Mill-
ford, to East Wilton.
From Nashua, by South Merrimack, Amherst,
Mount Vernon, Francistown, Hillsborough,
Washiogton, East Dempster, and Unity, to Clare-
mont.
From Newport, by Croydon Fiats, Croydon,
and West Enfield, to Lebanon.
From North Charleston to Unity.
Prom Northumberland, by Stark, Dummer,
Milan, Berlin, and Berlin Falls, to Gorham.
From Northumberland, by Stratford, Lower :
Columbia, Columbia, Coiebrook,and West Stew- ;
artstown, to Canaan. j
From Oil Mill Village, by East Weare, Weare, i
Deenng, Hillsborough Bridge, and Hillsborough j
Centre, to.East Washington. I
From Paper Mill Village, by South Acworth, s
Lempster, and East Unity, to Newport.
From Pittsfield, by Barnstead and Lower Gil- \
manton, to Grilmantorj. [
From Pittsfield, by Barnstead, Barnstead Cen- j
tre, North Barnstead, and South Alton, to Down- !
log's Mills.
From Plymouth, by Campton, Campton Vil-
lage, Thornton, West Thornton, Woodstock,
Lincoln, Flume, Lafayette, and Franconia, to Lit-
tleton,
From Portsmouth, by Rye, to Rye Beach.
From Portsmouth to Kittery, Maine.
From the Railroad Depot, at Potter Place, by
Wilmot Flats, New London, George's Mills, and
Wendell, to Newport
From Sanbornton Bridge to Franklin . i
From South Milton, by Milton, Union, Wake- 1
field, North Wakefield, Ossipe, Centre Ossipe, ;
West Ossipe, and Eaton, to Conway. j
From Station House at Berlin Falls, by Berlin, j
Milan, Dummer, and Cambridge, to Ercol. j
Fiom Union, by Broukfield, North Wolfbo- i
rough, and Water Village, toTuftonborough. |
From Union Bridge Depot, by East Sanborn-
ton andUpper Gilmanton, to Gilmanton. j
From Wakefield, by East Wakefield and Glid- j
den Corner, to Effingham.
From Warren, by East Haverhill, to Haverhill, j
From Weir's Bridge, by Centre Harbor, to i
Wolfborougfh.
From W^Ils River, Vermont, by Bath, New 1
Hampshire, Lisbon, Littleton, North Littleton,
and Dalton to Lancaster.
From Wells River, by Woodville, Bath, and
Lisbon, to Littleton.
From Whitefield to Carroll. i
From West Andover, by Wilmot, West Spring- 1
field, and Grantham, to Croydon.
From Windham, by Fessenden Mills, Pelham, \
and Dracut, Massachusetts, to Lowell. j
Vermont.—-From Bakersfield, by West Enos- 1
burgh and Enosburgh Falls, to West Berkshire. !
From Barnet to Peacham,
From Barnet to Waterford Lower Village.
From Barton, by Barton Landing, down the
Barton river, to West Derby.
From Bellow's Falls,by Rockingham, Barton-
ville, Chester, North Chester, Cavendish, Proc-
torsville, Ludlow, Mount Holley, East Walling-
ford, Cuttingsville, East Clarendon, North Clar-
endon, Rutland, Pittsford, Brandon, Liecester,
Otter Creek, Salisbury, West*Sahsbury, Middle-
bury ,Vergennes, Ferrisburgh, North Ferrisburgh,
Charlotte, and Shelburne, to Burlington.
From Bellow's Falls, by Saxtorv's river, Cam-
bridgeport, Grafton, To wnsend, West To wnsend,
North Wardsborough, West Wardsborough, and
Stratton, to Arlington.
From Bellow's Falls, by South Charleston,
New Hampshire, Charleston, North Charleston,
Cfaremont, Weathersfield, Vermont, Ascutneville,
and West Claremont, New Hampshire, to Wind-
sor, Vermont.
From Bethel, by Gaysville, Stoc.kbrid^e, Ro-
chester, Hancock, Ripton, and East Middiebury,
to Middiebury.
From Brandod, by Sudbury and Orwell, to
Chipman's Point.
From Brattleborough, by West Dummerston
and Fayetteville, to Townshend.
From Brattleborough, by West Dummerston,
Fayetteville, Williamsville, and Dover, to Wil-
mington.
From Brattleborough, by Dummerston, Put-
ney, Westminster, and Walpoie, New Hamp-
shire, to Bellow's Falls, Vermont.
From Brattleborough, by West Brattlebo-
rough, Marlborough, Wilmington, Searsburg,
and Woodford, to Bennington.
From Brattleborough, by Guilford, Guilford
Centre, Green River, Halifax, West Halifax,
Jacksonville, Whittingham, Readsborough,
Heartwellville, and Stamford, to North Adams,
Massachusetts.
From Brjdgewater, by Woodstock, Taftsville,
and Ciueehee Village, to the Railroad Station.
From Burlington, by Winooski Falls, Pames-
ville, Colchester, West Milton, Milton, East
Georgia, Georgia, St. A Iban's, Swan ton, Al burgh,
Alburgh Springs, ajiti West Alburgh, to Rouse's
Point, New York.
From Burlington, by South Heroto, Plattsburg,
New York.
From Burlington, by St. George, Hinesburg,
and Monkton, to Vergennes.
From Burlington, by St. George, Hinesburg,
Starksborough, Bristol,and New Haven Mills, to
Middiebury.
From Canaan to Pittsburg, New Hampshire.
From Chester, by Andover, to Weston.
From Chester Village, by Ringville, to Worth-
mgton.
From Danby, by Mount Tabor, to Weston.
From Danville, by Walden, East Hardwick,
Tlardwick, Greensborough, and Craftsbury, to
North Crufubury.
From East Barnard to Royalton.
From East Berkshire, by Montgomery, to
Montgomery Centre.
From East Burke, by Victory, Granby, and
Guildhall, to Northumberland, New Hampshire.
From East Thetford, by Thetford, Post Mill,
Village, West Fairlee, and Vershire, to Chelsea.
From Factory Point, by Wmhall, Peru, Lands-
grove, Londonderry, South Londonderry, and
Simonsvilleto Chester.
From Fairfax to Fletcher.
From Fairfax to Buck Hollow.
From Fairfax to Westford.
From Fairfax to Georgia Depot.
From Grafton, by Houghtonsville and Wind-
ham, to Londonderry.
From Hartland 6epot, by Hartland, Wood-
stock, and Bernard, to Bethel.
From Irasburgh, by Brownington Centre and
East Charleston, to Brighton.
From Jacksonville, by South Halifax, Colerain,
Massachusetts, and Griswoldville, to Shelburne
Falls.
From Johnson, by Hyde Park, Morrisville,
and Wolcott, to North Craftsbury.
From Johnson, by North Hyde Park, Eden
Lowell, Westfield, Troy, Newport, and West
Derby, to Derby Line.
From Jonesville, by Huntington, Starksboro',
and Bristol, to New Haven.
From Jonesville, by West Bolton, Underhill
Centre, Pleasant Valley, Cambridge, Jefferson,
Waterville, Bakersfield, West Enosburg:, Enos-
burg Falls, and West Berkshire, to East Franklin.
From Lancaster, New Hampshire, by North-
umberland, Guildhall, Vermont, Maidstone,
Brunswick, Lemington, and South Canaan, to
Canaan.
From Lyndon Centre, by East Burke, Burke,
Newark, East Charleston, West Charleston, and
Derby, to Derby Line.
From Manchester, by South Dorset, Dorset,
East Rupert, Pawlet, and Wells, to Granville,
New York.
From Middiebury, by Cornwall, Whiting, Sud-
bury, and Hubbardstown, to Castleton.
From Middlesex, by Moretown and Waits-
field, to Warren.
From Montpelier, by Middlesex, Waterbury,
Bolton, Richmond, Jonesville, and Williston, to
BurlnTgton.
From Middiebury, by Cornwall, West Corn-
wall, and Shoreham, to Larabee's Point.
From Middiebury, by Salisbury, Leicester,
Brandon, Pittsford, Rutland, East Clarendon,
Cuttingsville, Mount HoJIy, Proctorsville, Caven-
dish, North Chester, Chester, Hartonsville, to
Bellow's Falls.
From Montpelier, by Barre and Washington,
to Chelsea.
From Montpelier, by Worcester, Elmore, Mor-
risville, Hyde Park, Johnson, Waterville, Ba-
kersfield, East Fanfield, and Faiifield, to St.
Albans.
From Montpelier, by Barre, Orange, WestTop-
sham, East Corinth, and Bradfoid Centre, tg
Bradford.
From Montpelier, by North Montpelier, East
Calais, Woodburg, South Hardwick, East Hard-
wick, Ilardwick, Greensboiough, and Glover, to
Barton.
From Montpelier, by Barre, South'"Barre, Wil-
liamstown, East Brookfield, East Randolph, and
East Bethel, to Royalton.
From Montpelier, by East Montpelier, Plain-
field, Marshfield, and Cabot, to Danville.
From Morgan, by Holland, to Derby Line.
From North Craftsbury, by Albany, Irasburg,
Coventry, Newport, West Derby, and Derby, to
Derby Line.
From Paper Mill Village, by South Ackworth,
Lempster, and East Unity, to Newport.
From Painesville, by Essex, Jericho, Under-
hill, Cambridge, and Jefferson ville, to Johnston.
From Proctorsville, by Cavendish, Upper Falls,
Corners, and West Claremont, to Claremont.
From Rutland, by Clarendon, Wallingford,
South Wallingford, Danby, North Doriet, East
Dorset, Factory Point, Manchester, Sunderland,
Arlington, Shaftsbury, South Shaftsbury, North
Benniogttfn,. Bennington, Benmngton Centre,
North Hoosick, Eagle Bridge, New York,^Bus-
kirk's Bridge, Johnsonville, Schaghticoke, Tom-
hannock Junction, and Lansingburg, to Troy.
From Salem, by West Rupert, to Rupert.
From Sherburne, by North Sherburne and
Pittsfield, to Stockbridge.
From St. Albans, by East Highgate, Franklin,
East Franklin, and West Berkshire, to Berk-
shire.
From St. Albans, by Swanton Centre, to High-
gate.
From St. Albans to Swanton.
From St. Albans, by Sheldon, East Sheldon,
and West Enosburgh, to Enosburgh.
j From St. Albans, by Sheldon, Enosburgh
• Falls, and East Berkshire, to Richford.
| From Strafford, by South Strafford and Union
Village, to Pompanoosac.
From Steven's Village to Lower Waterford.
From St. Johnsbury, by St. Johnsbury Cen-
tre, Lyndon, Lyndon Centre, Sutton, Barton,
Brownington, and Derby, to Derby Line.
. From St. Johnsbury to Danville.
From St. Johnsbury, by Johnsbury East, West
Concord, Concord, and Lunenburg, to Lancas-
ter, New Hampshire.
From St. Johnsbury, by Lower Waterford and
Waterford, to Littleton, New Hampshire.
From South Royalton, by Tunbridge, to Chel-
sea.
From Springfield, by North Springfield, to
Gassett's Station.
From Swanton, by Highgate, Franklin, East
Franklin, and West Berkshire, to Richford.
From Swanton, by West Swanton, Alburgh,
Albuigh Springs, and West Alburgh, to Rouse's
Point, New York.
