1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. PECKHAM. I do not. I desire that the
matter may be disposed of as soon as possible,
and if the gentleman wili allow it to pass over in-
formally, or to go to the Committee of the Whoie
on the state of the Union, I have no objection.
Otherwise I shall insist upon my motion to refer
jt to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Of course I do not wish
the bill to go to the Committee of the Whole on
the st te of the Union. My object was to have
the bill put upon its passage, and I still desire-that
it should be so disposed of; but if the gentleman
insists upon his motion, it will be for the House
to say what shall be done with it.
Mr. PECKHAM. Does the gentleman object
to its being'passed over informally ?
Mr. GREENWOOD. I would rather it should
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary than
to be passed over informally; but if thegentleman
will withdraw the motion, 1 think I can satisfy
him and the House in a moment that the amend-
ment is a perfectly proper one.
Mr. PECKHAM. I ask that the gentleman
will adopt one course or the other.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I cannot.
Mr. PECKHAM. Then T insist upon my mo-
tion to refer to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I do not think
that the bill will give rise to debate.
The SPEAKER. Motion is made that the bill
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The gentleman from Arkansas 
Mr. PECKHAM. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is too late.
The gentleman from Arkansas is now entitled to
the floor.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Mr. Speaker, I will
briefly state the reasons which induce me to oppose
the motion submitted by the gentleman from New
York. 1 have been asked by the gentlemen of
the Corfimittee on the Judiciary whether the bill
was before the committee of the Senate; I an-
swered that it had been. The amendments which
have been read by the Clerk were made to the bill
in the Senate.
The object of the measure is to authorize the
district court of the western district of Arkansas
to "proceed to sentence some thirty or forty con-
victs, now lying in jail, to the penitentiary, which
is situated within the eastern district. They have
been confined in jail for some two years, without
authority of law in the court to sentence them to
" undergo the imprisonment which they would have
undergone if the Jaw had been complete.
The Senate thought proper to adopt one or two
amendments to the criminal laws of the United
States, with a view to remedy the defects which
were ascertained to exist in the criminal code,
and which have grown up in the practice of the-
western district of Arkansas. One of the defects
was this: A case arose where a member of the
Creek nation, who had been engaged in selling j
spirituous liquors in the nation, in violation of
its laws, was arrested by the authorities of his
own country. The grand jury of the western dis-
trict of Arkansas thought proper to reindict him
for the same offense. Thus a conflict of jurisdic-
tion grew up, and the Senate thought proper to
make a provision to the effect that, when an indi-
vidual guilty of an offense of that character, and
others similar, had been tried and punished in the
Creek or any other nation, such trial and convic-
tion should be a bar to subsequent prosecution in
the district court of the United States.
It was also ascertained by the Senate Commit-
tee that there was no law in existence which
would punish an individual for an assault with in-
tent to murder, where there had been no battery.
The district court at Van Buren had decided that
there was no law to punish an individual for an
assault with an intent to murder, unless there had
been an actual battery. Hence the Senate deemed
it best to propose an amendment in that respect.
Many aggravated cases had arisen; but the dis-
trict attorney, in consequence of the defect in
the criminal law, could not prefer indictments.
Another amendment was to provide for the pun-
ishment of the crime of arson,.or an attempt to
commit it, in the nation.
Those are the only amendments which the Sen-
ate have attached to the bill. They are simple and
plain in their character. I have stated them, that
the Committee on the Judiciary may be exactly
informed of what is intended to be passed. I trust
that the House will refuse to refer the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and that it will be put
on its passage. There is a great and urgent neces-
sity for this law now. As I have already stated,
there have been some thirty or forty prisoners in
jail for two years without any law to sentence
them.
Mr. PECKHAM. If the gentleman will con-
sent tocall for the previous question on the passage
of the bill, I will withdraw my motion to refer.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I will do so.
Mr.PECKHAM. Then I withdraw my motion
to refer.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The gentleman having
withdrawn his motion to commit, I Gall for the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. If it be in order, I
renew the motion which has been withdrawn, that
the bill be referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now put, being
upon agreeing to theamendment of the Senate.
The amendment of the Senate was again read.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
LOCATORS OF SWAMP LANDS.
Bill of the Senate " for the relief of purchasers
and locators of swamp and overflowed lands,"
was then taken from the table, read a #rst and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
LAKE PONTCHARTRAIN.
The following bill, upon the Speaker's table,
was then read the first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce:
An act to establish a port of delivery at Lake-
port, on Lake Pontchartrain, and for other pur-
poses.
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS AGAIN.
The bill entitled " An act to organize the Terri-
tories of Nebraska and Kansas" coming up in or-
der, was read a fftst and second time by its title.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Territories.
JVtr. CUTTING, I move that it be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and upon that motion I call the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Richardson] had not yielded the floor. He
submitted a motion that the bill he referred to the
Committee on Territories, and had a right to be
heard upon it.
Mr. CUTTING. Thegentleman from Illinois
made a motion to refer it to the standing commit-
tee of which he is the chairman. I made a motion
that it be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be in order
when the gentleman from New York can obtain
the floor for the purpose of making it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have not yielded the
floor.
The SPEAKER. When the gentleman from
New York arose and made his motion, the Chair
partly turned towards thegentleman, but did not
recognize him in words as being entitled to the
floor. The gentleman from Illinois insists that
he had not yielded the floor to thegentleman from
New York; and, under the rules, he has a right to
be heard.
Mr. CUTTING. I make a point of order,
and it is this: That when a motion is made to refer
a bill to a standing committee, that a motion
which is made at the same time to refer it to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
is in order.
The SPEAKER. Such a motion is in order
when the gentleman shall have obtained the floor
to make it"; but he cannot take the floor from the
gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire that the bill
may be referred to the Committee on Territories,
for the purpose of amending it in some particu-
lars; and I wish to say also that the reference of
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union would be killing it by indirec-
tion. It is not worth while to disguise the fact,
and gentlemen need not pretend to me that they
are favorable to the bill, while they wish to place
it in that position where it cannot be reached
again during this session of Congress. Upon
your Calendar there are bills enough to engage
the attention of Congress from this time until the
beginningofanothersession. Iregaid theeffort—
I state it freely and frankly—to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union as an effort to defeat it altogether. I re-
spect, I am bound to respect, the right of every
gentleman upon this floor to cast his vote as he
pleases upon every measure that comes before
Congress for"its consideration. I have no respect
for those gentlemen, however, who profess to be
for a measure, while they are using every effort
by indirection to destroy it. If gentlemen do not
desire to vote for the bill let them vote against it,
meet the question fairly as it is presented, and
place themselves upon the record before the coun-
try for or against the bill. Now what are the
facts in relation to this matter? What i$ the
amount of business already in the Committee of
the Whole that has precedence of this bill? Of
the many bills'that have been reported from the
various committees, from the beginning of the
session to this time, some will not and cannot
be reached during this session of Congress.
I refer you to a bill reported from the Commit-
tee on Territories, which already stands about the
tenth, I believe,upon your Calendar for consider-
ation. Now, if this bill goes to the Committee on
Territories it will be disposed of as the second or
third bill that comes up next for consideration.
Let this bill be referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories, and then when they have reported it
back, if the majority of the House are in favor of
the principles which it embodies, after the com-
mittee shall have attached to it some amendments
which it desires to do, it can be put upon its pas-
sage, and then the majority can pass or defeat it.
We can go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and discuss the bill and
amendments, and then vote upon them in the
House.
Mr. CUTTING. Mr. Speaker, I now move
to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and in so doing, [ am
animated by no sense of disrespect to the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories, who has
moved to refer it to his standing committee.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Oh, certainly not.
Mr. CUTTING. Nor to any of the honora-
ble members that are associated with him. It is,
I believe, a matter distinctly understood that that
committee has already discussed and elaborated
the subject, and have reported a bill; and that, as
far as respects any amendments to the Senate bill,
they can be offered in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union with as much facility as
by going through the circuitous course of referring
the bill to the standing Committee on Territories,
of again having it placed on the Speaker's table,
and, after much delay, again restoring it to pre-
cisely the position in which it is ttf-day.
As respects the motives which are insinuated
by the chairman of the committee against me for
making this motion. I desire to have it understood
that I have maintained the great principle of al-
lowing to the people of every organized commu-
nity or territory the right to form for themselves
the laws under which they are to live, and which
are to operate upon their happiness and prosperi-
ty from the outset of the attempt to ins-raft the
Wilmot proviso upon the Territories, in 1847, up
to this time; and I deny that there is a gentleman
on this floor,come from what quarter of the Union
he may, who more sincerely and more devotedly
agrees to that principle than i have hitherto and
now do. It is a matter that is plain to every man
of practical common sense, that the people of the
Territory of Oregon, for instance, are better able to
devise with intelligence and discretion the lawsun-
derwhich they are to live,and by which they are to
be regulated, than the people of the State of New
York or of New Hampshire, or of any o'her
remote country, either directly or through their
representatives in their local Legislatures, or in
this body, can possibly frame for them. My doc-
trine is, that good sense and sound principle re-
quire that we should leave to those who live in
the Territories—as, for example, the people of
Oregon,ofWashington—to the intelligent occupiers
of those remote and distant districts, full liberty to
mould their own municipal regulations and their
own domestic institutions in their own manner^
