2270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
From Salem, by Danvers and Danversport, to
North Danvers
From Saiem, by Beverly Farms and Manches-
ter. to Gloucester.
From Sandwich, by South Sandwich, Cotuit,
Cotuit Port, Marston's Mills, and Osierville, to
Ceritrevilie.
From Sand wich, by West Barnstable, Barnsta-
ble, Yarmouthport, Yarmouth, Dennis, East
Dennis, West Brewster, Brewster, East Brew-
ster, Orleans, Eastharri, North Eastham, South
Wellfleet, Wellfleet, Truro, and North Truro, to
Provtncetown.
From Springfield, by Chickopee, Willimansett,
and South Hadley Falls, ta South Hadley.
From Springfield, by Wiliimansett, Ireland De-
pot, Northampton, Hatfield, East Wheatley,
Wheatley, South Deerfield, Deerfield, Greenfield,
and Barnardston, to Northfieid Junction.
From Sheffield, by South Esjremont, North
Egremont, Green River, (New York,) Austeriiiz,
and Spencertown, to Chatham Four Corners.
From State Line Depot, by West Stockbridge,
Stockbridge, and South Lee, to Lee.
From Shelburne Falls, by Buckland, Hawley,
and South Hawley, to Plainfield.
From Springfield, by Chicopee, Wiliimansett,
Holyoke, Northampton, Hatfield, East Wheat
ley, South Deerfield, Greenfield, Barnardston,
West Northfieid, Hinsdale, West Winchester,
(New Hampshire,) Winchester, Westport, We^t
Swanzey, and Swanzey, to Keene.
From Springfield, by Chicopee, to Chicopee
Falls.
From Sterling Junction, by Sterling and Leo-
minster, to Fitchburg.
From South Acton Depot, by Stow, Rockbot-
tom, Feltonsville, Beilin, and Boyleston, to West
Boylston.
From South Braintree Junction, by Randolph,
East Randolph, East Stoughton, North Bridge-
water, Cambello, West Bridgewater, Bridgewater,
North Middleboro', Middleboro', Myrickville,
and Freetown, to Fall River.
From South Deerfield, by Conway, Ashfield,
Plainfield, and Savoy, to Adams.
From South Abington Depot, by South Abing-
ton and East Bridgewater, to Bridgewater.
From South Framingham, by Holhston and
Braggville, to Milford.
From South Framingham to Framingham.
From Taunton, by Myrickviile, to New Bed-
ford.
From Taunton, by North Dighton, Dighton,
and Somerset, to Swansea.
From Taunton, by Norton and Mansfield, to
Mansfield Junction.
From Townsend, by New Ipswich, (New
Hampshire,) to Peterborough.
From Warren, by Brimfield, to Wales.
From Wendell Depot, by Wendell, Lock's
Village, and North Everett, to Montague.
From West Barnstable, by Hyannis and West
Yarmouth, to South Yarmouth.
From West Barnstable, by Hyannis,to Hyan-
nisport.
From West Brookfield, by New Braintree, to
Hardwick.
. From West Brookfield, by Ware and Ensfield,
to Amherst. j
From Westfield, by East Granville, West i
Granville, Tolland, and New Boston, to Sandis-
field.
From West Newton, by Newton Upper Falls,
Grantville, Needham, tp Dover.
From West Cambridge, by East Lexington, to
Lexington.
From WestboroughStation, by Northborough,
to Shrewsbury.
From Weston Depot, by Weston and Way- i
land, to Sudbury. I
From Whitinsville to East Douglas. !
From Williamsburg, by Goshen, Cummington, ■
Cummington West Village, East Windsor, Wind- j
so'% and Hinsdale, to Hinsdale Depot.
From Williamsburg, by Chesterfield, West
Ches'erfield, Worthington, West Worthington, !
and Peru, to Hinsdale. ,
From Winchester to Woburn.
From Woburn, by Burlington and Billerica, to ;
Lowell. |
From Worcester, by Clappville, Charlton De-
pot, Spencer, East Brookfield, Brookfield, West
Brookfield, Warren, Palmer, Collin 'a Depot, Lud-
low, Springfield, West Springfield, Mittineague,
Westfield, Russell, Chester Village, Chester Fac-
tories, Bancroft, North Becket, Washington,
Hinsdale Depot, Hinsdale, Dalton, Pittsfield,
West Pittsfield, Richmond, Flatbrook, (New
York,) Cawaan Four Corners, Canaan, Canaan
Centre, Chatham Four Corners, Chatham Centre,
Niverville, Schodack Depot, and Greenbush, to
Albany. *
From Worcester, by Paxton, West Rutland,
Smithville, Barre Plains, Barre, Petersftam, and
North New Salem, to Orange.
From Worcester, by West Boyleston, Oakdale,
Clinton,Sterling,Lancaster, Harvard,South Gro-
ton, Groton, Pepperell, and East Pepperell, to
Nashua, New Hampshire.
From Worcester, by Kolden and North Rut-
land , to Rutland.
From Worcester, by Paxton, Colbrook, Barre,
Petersham, North New Salem, and Wendell De-
pot, to Warwick.
From Worcester, by Paxton, Coldbrook, Barre,
Petersham, North New Salem, Wendell Depot,
Northfieid, and Vernon, Vermont,to Rrattleboro*.
From Yarmouth, by South Yarmouth, West
Dennis, South Dennis, West Harwich, Harwich,
Harwichport, South Harwich, Chatham, and
North Chatham, to East Harwich.
Rhode Island—From Bristol, by New Castle,
to Pamaquid.
From Chepacket to Burrillville.
Frona Coventry, by West Greenwich, to Pine
Hill.
From Coventry, by Potterville, to Rice City.
From Kingston Depot, by (Jsquepaugh, to
Brand's Iron Works.
From Noopeneck Hill, by West Greenwich
Center, Eskoheag,and Voluntown, to Campbell's
Mills.
From Newport, by Jamestown, Narragansett,
Tower Hill, Wakefield, Perrysville, Charlestown,
and duonochontaug, to Westerly.
From Pawtuxet to Warwick Neck.
From Providence, by Knightsviile, Natick,
Centreville, Coventry, West Greenwich, Pine
Hill, Brand's Iron Works, Hopkmton, North
Stonington, Connecticut, Mystic, Centre Groton,
and Groton, to New London
From Providence, by Lippett, to Fiskville.
From Providence, by Pawtuxet, Warwick,
and East Greenwich, to Wickford.
From Pawtuxet to Warwick Neck.
From Providence, by East Greenwich, Wick-
ford, Kingston, Shamrock Mills, Carolina Mills,
Dorrville, and Westerly, to Stonington, Connec-
ticut.
From Providence, by Centredale, Greenville,
and Chepacket, to Pascoag.
From Province, by North Scituate, South
Foster, and South Kilhngly, Connecticut, to West
Kilhngly.
From Providence, by North Scituate, Foster,
and East Kiilingly, Connecticut, to Killmgly.
From Providence, by Pawtuxet, Valley Falls,
Lansdale, Lime Rock, Albion, Manviile, Cum-
berland Hill, Woonsocket Falls, Bl&ckstone,
Massachusetts, Slatersville, Rhode Island, Mill-
ville^Massachusetts, Uxbridge, North Uxbridge,
Whitinsville, Northbridge, Farnumsville, San-
dersville, Wiikinsonville, and Milburg, to Wor-
cester.
From Providence, by Vue de 1'Eau, Barring- i
ton, Warren, Bristol, and Portsmouth, to New- i
port. _ j
From Providence, by Olneysville, South Scit- !
uate, Mount Vernon, Rice City, Sterling, Con-
necticut, and Moosup, to Central Village.
From South Scituate, liy Claysville, to Foster
Centre.
From Wakefield, by Peacedale and Kingston,
to Kingston Depot.
From Warwick Depot, by Warwick, Natick,
and Phcenix, to Hopeville.
From Warwick Depot, by Warwick, Centre-
ville, and Anthony, to Coventry.
From Westerly, by Potter's Hill and Asha-
way, to Hookinton.
Connecticut.—From Allyn's Point, by Norwich,
Greenville, Jewett's, City, Plainfield, Centra!
Village, West Killingly, ICillingly, duinebaug,
Thompson, Fisherville, Webster, Massachusetts,
Oxford, and Auburn, to Worcester.
August,
From Andover, by Gilead and Hebron, to Col-
chester.
From Bethel, by Redding, Redding Bridge, and
Easton, to Bridgeport.
From Bethel, by Cold Spring, Monroe, and
Huntington, to Derby.
From Bethel, by Cold Spring, to Derby.
From Bridgefield, by Lewisborough, New York,
Vista, Smith's Ridge, Connecticut, New Canaan,
to North Stamford.
From Bridgeport, by Trumbull and Trumble
Long Hill, to Stepney.
From Bridgeport, by Stepney Depot, Cold
Spring, Newton, Hawleyville, Brookfield, New
Milford, Gaylord's Bridge, South Kent, Kent,
Cornwall Bridge, West Cornwall, Falls Village,
South Canaan, Canaan, Ashley Falls, Massachu-
setts, Sheffield, Great Barrington, Van Dusen-
ville, and West Stockbridge, to State Line.
From Bridgeport, by Stratford, Derby, Auso-
nia, Humphreysville, Naugatuck, Waterbury,
Waterville, Plymouth,Plymouth Hollow, Camp-
ville, East Litchfield, Walcottville, Burville, and
West Winstead, to Winchester.
From Bolton Depot, by Coventry, Mansfield
.Depot, Mansfield, West Ashford, Ashford, Phoe-
nixville, Abington, and Pomfret Landing, to Kil-
hngly.
From Bristol, by Terrysville, Plymouth, Ply-
mouth Hollow, and Northfieid, to Litchfield.
From Central Village, by Canterbury, West-
minster, Scotland, and Windham, to South Wind-
ham.
From Colchester, by Westchester and Modus,
to East Haddam.
From Collinsville, by New Hartford Centre,
Tornngford, and Bakersville, to Wolcottville
From Collinsville, by Pine Meadows, New
Hartford, Winchester, West Winstead, Mili-
brooke, Norfolk, West Norfolk, and East Canaan,
to Canaan.
From Danbury, by Ball's Pond, to New Fair-
field.
From Danbury, by New Fairfield and Havi-
land Hollow, New York, to Patterson.
From Danbury, by Bethel, to Hawleyville.
From Falls Village, by Salisbury, Lakeville,
and Ore Hill, to North East, New York.
From Farmington, by Unionville, Burlington,
and Harwinton, to Wolcottville.
From Greenwich, by North Greenwich, Round
Hill, Banksvilie, and Stanwich, to Long Bridge.
From Hartford, by Bloomfield, Tariffville,
Granby, North Granby, and East Granvilie, Mas-
sachusetts, to Blanford.
From Hartford, by West Hartford, Avon,
Canton, Collinsville, New Hartford, Winchester,
Millbrook, and Norfolk, to Canaan.
From Hartford, hy West Hartford, Farming-
ton, Bristol, Ferrysviile, Plymouth, Plymouth
Hollow, to Northfieid.
From Hartford, by Bloomfield, Simsbury,West
Granby, and Hartland, to West Granville, Mas-
sachusetts.
From Hartford, by Hockanam and Glasten-
bury, to South Glastenbury.
From Hartford, by East Hartford, Glasten-
Unry, Marlborough, Colchester, Salem, and Ches-
terfield, to New London.
From Hartford, by Poquonock, Rainbow, East
Granby, West Suffield, and Feeding Hill, to
Westfield, Massachusetts.
From Hartford, by Wethersfield, Rocky Hill,
Cromwell, Middletown, Durham, Durham Centre,
Northford, and Fair Haven, to New Haven.
From Hartford, by West Hartford, Farming-
ton, Bristol, Terrysville, Plymouth, Plymouth
Hollow, and Northfieid, to Litchfield.
From Hartford, by Buckland, Manchester,
Manchester Station, Gluarryviile, Boston, Ando-
ver, and South Coventry, to Wiliimantic.
From Hartford, by New Britain, Plainville,
and Forrestville, to Bristol.
From Hartford, by Bloomfield, TarifTville,
Granby, and Southwick, to Westfield, Massa-
chusetts.
From Hartford, by East Hartford, South
Windsor, East Windsor Hill, and Windsorville,
to Broad Brook.
From Hartford, by Bloomfield, Simshury,
West Granby, and Hartland, to West Granville,
Massachusetts.
From Hartford, by Simsbury, North Canton,
and Barkhamstead, to West Hartland.
