1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL QLQBE.
From Hartford, by East Hartford, East Wind-
sor Hill, South Windsor, East Windsor, Broad
Brook, Seitico, and Somerville, to Somers.
Prom Hartford, by East Hartford, Manches-
ter, Gluarry ville, Coventry, South Coventry, Wil-
limantic, Windham, Howard Valley, and Brook-
lyn, to West Kiiiingly.
From Hartford, by East Hartford, Buckland,
Oakland, Vernon, Rockville, Ellington Square,
Pond, and West Stafford, to Stafford.
From Hartford, by East Hartford, Manchester,
Bolton, Andover, Columbia, Liberty Hill, Leb-
anon, Franklin, and Norwichtown, to Norwich.
From Humphreysville, by Oxford, Southford,
Southbury, Woodbury, Bethlehem, and South
Adams, to Litchfield.
From Jewitt City, by Griswold, Voluntown,
and Pendleton Hill, to North Stonington.
From Litchfield to Wolcottville.
From Litchfield to Litchfield Railroad Station.
From Litchfield, by Goshen, West Goshen,
and North Cornwall to West Cornwall.
"From Litchfield, by Bantam Falls, Woodville,
New Preston, Marble Dale, and Northville, to
New Milford.
From Middietown, by Portland, Middle Had-
dam, and East Hampton, to East Hampton Lake.
From Middietown, by Portland, Middle Had-
dam, Cobalt, Haddam, Leesville, Modus, East
Hadilam, Hadlyme, North Lyme, and Hamburg,
to Lyme.
From Middietown to Meriden.
From Middietown by Higganum, Haddam,
East Haddam, Chester, Deep River, Centre
Brooke, and Essex, to Saybrook.
From Middietown to Portland.
From Middietown, by East Berlin, to the De-
pot on the New Haven, Hartfort, and Springfield
Railroad.
From Middietown, by Portland, Cobalt, Mid-
dle Haddam, and East Hampton, to Chatham.
From Middietown, by Portland, Middle Had-
dam, East Hampton, Marlborough, Hebron, Co-
lumbia, and Willimantic, to Windham.
From Milford, by Derby, Humphreysville,and
Naugatucke, to Waterbury.
From Naples, by Riker Hollow, to Pitts-
burgh.
From New Hartford, by Pleasant Valley,
Hitchcockville, and Colb^ok River, to New
Boston, Massachusetts.
From New Haven, by Hamden, Cheshire,
Southington, Plamville, Farmington, Avon, and
Simsbury, to Tariffville.
From New Haven to East Haven.
From New Haven, by North Haven, Walling-
ford, West Meriden, Meriden, Berlin, Kensing-
ton, New Britain, Hartford, Windsor, Windsor
Locks, Warehouse Point, Thompsonville, and
Long Meadow, Massachusetts, to Springfield.
From New Haven, by Fair Haven, North
Branford, North Guilford, North Madison, Kil-
lingworth, and Winthrop, to Deep River.
From New Haven, by West Haven, Milford,
Stratford, Bridgeport, Fairfield, Southport, West-
port, Sangauick, Norwalk, South Norwalk, Da-
rien Depot, Stanford, Miamus, Greenwich, Port
Chester, New York, Rye, Mamaroneck, New
Rochelle, East Chester, West Farms, Haerlem,
and Yorkville, to New York.
From New Haven, by Fair Haven, Branford,
Guilford, Madison, Clinton, Westbrooke. Say-
brooke, Lyme, Laysville, EastLyme,and Water-
ford, to New London.
From New Hartford, by Pleasant VaJley,
Hitchcockville, Colhrooke River, New Boston,
Massachusetts, and Otis, to West Becket.
From New London, by Chesterfield and Salem,
to Colchester.
From New London, by Uncasville, Norwich,
Norwichtown, Yantic, North Franklin, South
Windham, Willimantic, South Coventry, Eag'e-
ville, Mansfield Depot, West Wilhngton, Staf-
ford Springs, and Monson, Massachusetts, to
Palmer.
From New London, by Groton, Centre Gro-
ton, Mystic, Mystic River, and Mystic Bridge,
to Stonington, Connecticut.
From New London, by Mystic River or Mys-
tic Bridge, (by water,) to Stonington.
From New Milford, by Bridgewater, to Rox-
bury.
From Newtown, by South Britain, Southbury,
and Woodbury, to Hotchkissville.
From North Woodstock, by Woodstock and
Pomfret, to Gtuinebaug. •
FromNorwalk, by Weston, to Redding Ridge.
From Norwalk to New Canaan.
From Norwich, by Norwichtown, Franklin,
Windham, Mansfield Centre, Mansfield, Tolland,
Rockville, Ellington, Somers, North Somers, and
East Long Meadow, Massachusetts, to Spring-
field. *
From Norwich, by Preston, Griswold, Volun-
town, Pendieton Hill, and North Stonington, to
Westerly, Rhode island.
From Norwich, by Norwichtown,Bozrah, and
Bozrahville, to Colchester.
From Norwich, by Poquetannuck and Led-
yard,to Galea's Ferry.
From Norwich, by Jewett's City, Plainfield,
Central Village, West Kiiiingly, ICillingly, Wil-
kinson, Thompson, Fisherville, Webster, Massa-
chusetts, Oxford, and Auburn, to Worcester.
From North Woodstock, by Woodstock and
Pomfret, to Wilkinson.
From Pleasant Valley to New Hartford.
From Pleasant Valley to Warwick Neck.
From Ridgefield, by Lewisborough, (New
York,) Vista, New Canaan, (Connecticut,) and
North Stamford, to Stamford.
From Rockville, by Tolland, West Wiliington,
Wiliington Centre, Moose Meadow, Westford,
North Ashford, West Woodstock, Village Cor-
ners, and Dudley, to Webster, (Massachusetts )
From South Norwalk, by Norwalk, Wilton,
Georgetown, Ridgefield,Redding, Redding Rillge,
and Bethel, to Danbury.
From Stamford to New Canaan.
From Stafford Depot, (Connecticut,) to South-
bridge, (Massachusetts.)
From Stuartville, by Bloomfield, Tariffville,
Granby, North Granby, and East G.anvi:le,
(Massachusetts,) to Blanford.
From Tolland, by Moose, Meadow, Westford,
North Ashford, and West Woodstock, to North
Woodstock.
From Unionville, by Burlington and Harwin-
ton, to Wolcottville.
From Vernon Depot, by Vernon, Rockville,
and Tolland, to Stufibrd Springs.
From Voluntown, by Campbell's Mills, Colla-
mer, and Sterling Hill, to Sterling.
From Waterbury to Watertown.
From Waterbury, by Marion,-to West Meriden.
From Waterbury,by Watertown,to Litchfield.
From West Cornwall to Sharon.
From Wes.t Kiiiingly, to Brooklyn, Hampton,
ij Chaplin, and North Windham, to Willimantic.
!' From West Wiliington, by Moose Meadow,
I| Westford, North Ashford, West Woodstock, and
[. New Boston, to Webster, (Massachusetts.)
;| From Willimantic, by Mansfield Centre and
j Chaplin, to Eastford.
From Windham to Willimantic.
II
:! New York—From" Addison, by South Addison,
|: Elkland, Pennsylvania, and Oceola, to Knoxville.
| From Albion, by Gaines, Waterport, Carlton,
ij West Carlton, Yates, County Line, Somerset,
Olcott, Wilson, and Ransomville, to Youngs-
1! town.
' From Albany, by Ireland Corners, Nejvtons-
1 ville, and Boght, to Crescent.
From Albany, by West Troy, to Troy.
From Albany, by Cedar Hills and Coeymans,
, to New Baltimore.
I ] From Albany, by Guilderland, Guilderland
i Centre, Knowersville, Township, West Town-
I' ship, Gallupsville, Scoharie, East Cobleskill,
j' Barnesville, Cobleskill Centre, Cobleskill, and
Warnerville, to Richmondville.
' From Albany, by West Trey, Cohoes, Water-
ford, Schagticoke, Eagle Bridge, Centre White
: Creek, Cambridge, Shusan, Salem, West Rupert,
|, Vermont, Rupert, West Paulet, Granville, New
ij York, Middle Granville, We-st Poultney, Ver-
!" mont, Castleton, West Rutland, and Centre Rut-
land, to Rutland.
From Albany, by Norman's Kill, New Scot-
land, New Salem, East Berne, Berne, and Wal-
densville, to Gallupsville.
From Albany,bv Kenwood,Bethlehem,Clarks-
ville, Reedville, Westerloo, Rensselaerville, Me-
dusa, and Oak Hill, to Durham.
From Albany, by Bethlehem Centre, Feura
Bush, Keefer's Corners, and Indian Fields, to
Greenville.
| From Albany, by Guilderland, Dunnsvilie,
I East Duanesburg, Duanesburg, Esperance,
| Sloanesville, Carlisle, Sharon, Sharon Centre,
| and Leesville, to Cherry Valley.
| From Albany, by Defriestville and West Sand
Lake, to Sand Lake.
' From Albany, by Lisha's Kill, Schenectady,
; Hoffman's Ferry, Cranesville, Amsterdam,
Tribe's Hill, Fonda,Cannjoharie, Palatine, Bridge,
Fort Plain, St. Johnsvllle, Manheim, Little Palls,
Herkimer, East Schuyler, West Schuyler, Utica,
Whitestown, Oriskany, Rome, Greep's Corners,
Verona, Verona Depot, Oneida Depot, Oneida
Castle, Wampsville, Canastoia, Syracuse, Belle
Isle, Canal, Jordan, Weedsport, Port Byron,
Cruso, Clyde, Lock Berlin, Lyons, Newark,
East Palmyra, Palmyra, Macedon, Perrington,
Penfield, Rochester, Gates, North Chili, Church-
ville, Bergen, West Bergen,South Byion, Batavia,
West Batavia, Corfu, Crittenden, Mill Grove, .
: and Cheektowaga, to Buffalo.
L From Almond, by McHenry's Valley and Col-
j lm's Settlement, to Philipville.
| From Alden to Mill Grove.
I From Alden, by Cowlesville and Folsomville,
I to Bennington.
j From Afden, by South Alden and Willis's Mill,
to East Aurora.
From Almond, by Canakedier and Phillip's
Creek, to Phillips ville.
From Adams, by Rodman, East Rodman,
South Rutland, Champion, South Roads, to Co-
penhagen.
From Alps, by Hoag's Comers and East Nas-
sau, to Moffit's Store.
From Amsterdam, by Port Jackson, Mina-
ville, Biaman's Corners, to Burtonsville.
From Amsterdam, by Perth, Vail's Mills,
Broad Albin, North Bro^d Albin, Union Mills,
Northampton, Osborne's Bridge* and Newton's
Corners, to Northville.
From Amsterdam, by Port Jackson, Minaville,
Fort Hunter, and Auriesville, to Glen. -
From Amsterdam, by Hagaman's Mills, West
Galway, Galway, North Galway, and Provi-
dence, to Barkersville.
From Antwerp, by North Wilna, Wilna, Car-
thage, and Deep River, to Denmark.
From Andover, by Independence, to Whites-
ville.
From Angelica, by Allen Centre, Short Tract,
Granger, and Hunt's Hollow, to Portageville.
From Argyle, by Noith Argyle and South
Hartford, to Hartford.
From Attica, by Varysburg, Johnsonburg,
North Java, EastJava,and East China, to China.
From Auburn, by Sennet, Seneca River, Cats,
Meridian, Ira, Hannibal Centre, Hannibal, and
Kinney's Four Corners, to Oswego.
|j From Auburn, by Fleming1, Scipio, Venice,
|i Genoa, East Genoa, North Lansing, West Gro-
|; ton, and East Lansmsr, South Lansing.
jj From Auburn, by Fleming, The Square, Scip-
'■ ioville, Sherwoods, Poplar Ridge, Ledyard,
\ King's Ferry,FiveCorners,Lansingville, LucMow-
; ville, South Lansing, and FurrestCity, to Ithaca.
| From ' Auburn, by Owasco, Lake Moravia,
' Locke, Summer Hill, and Homer, to< Cortlandt
Village.
ij From Auburn, by Pontico, to Skaneateles.
|| From Auburn, by Owasco and Niles, to Kel-
i logsville.
From Auburn to Port Byron.
j| From Auburn, by Aurelius, Union Springs,
■ and Havanna, to Aurora.
From Ausable Forks, by Wilmington, Jay, and
Upper Jay, to Keene.
From Ausable Forks, by Black Brook, Union
Falls, Merrilisville, Duane,and South Dickinson,
to Nicoilville.
From Ausable Forks, by Black Brook, Frank-
j| lin Falls, and Bloomingdale, to Saranac Lake.
ii From Bainbridge, by West Bainbridge, Cov-
j; entry ville, Coventry Greene, Geneganslet, and
!i Triangle, to Whitney's Point.
From Ballstown, by West Milton, South Gal-
j! way, Galway, Whiteside's Corners, Providence,
:| North Hampton, and Edmbnrg, to West Day.
|| From Baldwinsville, by Plainville, Meridian,
Cato, Victory, and Westbury, to Woicott.
From Bangail, by Hull's Mills, Federal Store,
and City, to Amenta.
From Barcelona, by Westfield, Hartfield, May-
ville, Magnolia, and Harmony, to Jamestown.
