2272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August.
Prom Barrytown, to Red Hook, Rock City,
Milan, and Lafayette, to Pine Plains.
From Barryville, by Lumberland, Beaver
Brook, Forestburg, Montirello, Stevensville, and
Liberty Falls, to Liberty.
From Batavia, by Elba, South Barre, Barre,
Barre Centre, and Albion, to Gaines.
From Batavia, by East Bethany, Pavilion,
Covington, La Grange, and Perry Centre, to
Centre.
From Batavia, by Alexander, to Attica.
From Batavia, by Oakfield, Wheatville, Ala-
bama, and Royalton, to Medina.
From Bath, by Mount Washington, Bradford,
Orange, Sugar Hill, and Townsend, to Watkins.
From Bath, by North Cameron, Cameron,
South Hill, Jasper,and Troupsburg, to Knoxville,
Pennsylvania.
From Bath, by Campbell's Creek, Towlesville,
East Canisteo, Canisteo, and Bennett's Creek, to
Greenwood.
From Bath, by Marsh's and Bennett's, to
To-wlesvilie.
From Bath, by Wheeler, to Pratteburg.
From Bath, by Thurston and South Thurston,
to West Addison.
From Bath, by Mud Creek, Cambellstown,
Cooper's Plains, and Painted Post, to Corning.
From Belvidere, by Angelica, Allen Grove,
Hunt's Hollow, Oakland, Nunda, Brook's Grove,
Ridge, and Mount Morris, to Geneseo.
From Belvidere, by Transit Bridge, Belfast,
Oramel, and Caneadea, to Rushford.
-From Bergen, by East Beigen, Sweden, and
Brookport,1fo Clarkson.
From Beekmantown, by West Chazy, to
Chazy.
From Binghampton, to Katteville, Chenango
Forks, Greene, East Greene, South Oxford, and
Oxford, to Noswich.
From Binghampton to Friendsville.
From Binghampton, by Port Crane, Osborne's
Hollow, Colesville, and West Colesville, to Har-
persville.
From Binghampton, by Castle Creek, Hyde's
Settlement, Whitney's Point, Lisle, Killawog,
Marathon, Blodgett's Mills, and Courtland Vil-
lage, to Homer.
From Brasher's Falls, by Brasher's IronWorks
and Helena, to E-Iogawsburs:.
From Brooklyn, by Flat Bush and New
Utrecht, to Fort Hamilton.
From Brownsville, by Perch River, Stone Mills,
and Lafargeville, to Clayton.
From Buffalo, by Cheektowaga, Lancaster,
Town Line. 'AI'den, Darien Centre, Darten, At-
tica, Linden, Dale, Warsaw, East Guinsville,
Castile, Portageville, Hunt's Hollow, Nunda,
Chautauque Valley, Whitney's Valley, Burns,
and Arknort, to Hornelisville.
From BuO'alo, by Ebenezer Village, to Cowles-
ville.
From Buffalo, by East Evans, North Evans,
Evans, Irving, Silver Creek, Sheridan, Dunkirk,
Fredonia, Salem Cross Roads, Portland, West-
field, and Ripley, to State Line.
From Buffalo, by Red Jacket, Spring Brook,
West Aurora, East Aurora, South Wales, Hol-
land, Sardinia.. Yorkshire, Delavan, Machias,
Franklinville, Cadiz, and Rice, to Hinsdale.
From Buffalo, by West Seneca, Big Tree Cor-
ners, Hamburg, North Boston, Patchin, Boston,
Springville, Ashford, Plato, Ellicottsville, and
Great Valley, to Killbuck.
From Buffalo, by Black Rock, to Tonawanda.
From Buffalo to Lockpnrt.
From Buffalo, by East Hamburg, Ellicott, and
California, to Griffin's Mills.
From Burns, by Doty's Corners, to Danville.
From Cairo, by East Durham, Potters' Hol-
low, Manor Hill, and Conesville, to Gilboa.
From Cambridge, by North White Creek,
Anaquascook, East Salem, and West Arlington,
Verrfiont, to Arlington.
From Cambridge, by North Cambridge, to
Greenwich.
From Canaan Four Corners, by New Britain,
Moffit's Store, East Nassau, and Hoag's Corners,
to Sand Lake.
From Canaan Four Corners, by New Lebanon,
to New Lebanon Springs.
From Camden, by East Florence and Florence,
to Bedford.
From Camden, by Hillsboro', Cartersyille,
Amboy Centre, East Parish, Parish,and Colosse,
to Mexico.
From Canandaigua, by Cheshire, Bristol Cen-
tre, Honeoye, Canadea, and East Springwater, to
Springwater.
From Canandaigua, by Larned's Corners,
Orleans, Seneca Castle, Flint Creek, Hopewell,
and Larned's Corners, to Canandaigua.
From Canandaigua, by Centrefield, East Bloom-
field, Taylorsville, West Bloomfield, Noith
Bloomfield, Honeoye Falls, East Rush,and West
Rush, to Caledonia.
From Canandaigua, by Bristol, Allen's Mills,
Richmond Mills, Livonia, and Lakeville, to Gen-
eseo.
From Canandaigua, by Hopewell, Stanly Cor-
ners, Ferguson's Cornels, Hall's Corners, Ben-
ton Centre, Penn Yan, Milo Centre, Milo, North
Starkey, Big Stream Point, and Rock Stream, to
Watkins.
From Canandaigua, by West Farmington and
Norton's Mills, to Farmington.
From Canajoharie, by Spraker's Basin, Root,
Charleston, Four Corners, Sloansville, and Cen-
tral Bridge, to Schoharie.
From Canajoharie, by Ames and Sharon
Springs, to Sharon Centre.
From Canajoharie, by Flat Creek, Argusville,
and Sharon, to Gardnersville.
Prom Candor Centre, by West Candor, Spen-
cer, Van Ettenville, Cayuta, West Cayuta, and
Alpine, to Catharine.
From Cams Leo, by Ben net's Creek, Green wood,
Rough and Ready, West Troupsburg, Jasper,
Woodhull, and South Addison, to Addison.
From Canisteo, by Pwrdy Creek, West Green-
wood, and West Union, to Whitesville.
From Canton, by North Russel, Russel, Ed-
wards, Fullersville Iron Works, Fowler, and
Shingle Creek.
Fium Canton, by East De Ivalb, to Richville.
From Catskill, by Leeds, South Cairo, Cairo,
Acra, South Durham, East Windham, Union-
ville, Windham Centre, Windham, Ashland, Red
Falls, Piattsville, Moresville, Stamford, Hobart,
South Kortright, and Bloomville, to Delhi.
From Catskill, by Kishatom, Palenville, Tan-
nersville, Hunter, Jewett Centre, and Lexington,
to Prattsville.
From Castle, by St. Helena, River Road Forks,
and Brook's Grove, to Tuscarora.
From Cattaraugus, by Otto and Eddysville, to
Ellicottsville.
From Cattaraugus, by New Albion, to Leon.
From Centre White Creek, by White Creek,
to North Bennington, Vermont.
From Chateaugay, by Wrightsville, to Fron-
tier.
Prom Chemung:, by WynkoopCreekand South
Erin, to Van Ettenville.
From Cherry Valley, to Roseboom, Middle-
field, and Westville, to Milford.
From Cherry Valley, by East Springfield,
Springfield, Warren, RirhtiHd Springs, May
Flower, Winfield, West Winfield, and Babcock
Hilt, to Olayville.
From Chester, by Sugar Loaf, Warwick, and
Edenville, to Amity.
From Chester, by Florida, to Warwick.
From Chittemmgo, by Perryvdle, Fenner, and
Nelson, to Erieville.
From Chittenane:o Station, by Chittenango,
Chittenango Falls, Cazenovia, New Woodstock,
De Ruyter, Cuyler, Truxton, East Homer, and
Homer, to Cortlandt Village.
From Cobleskill, by Lusvyersville, Hindsville,
Gardnersville, Seward, South Valley, and Pleas-
ant Brook, to Roseboom.
From Cochecton,by Fosterdale, Bethel, White
Lake, Monganp Valley, Monticello, Bridgeville,
Gales, Wurizboro', and Bioomingburg, to Mid-
dletown,
From Cochecton, by Damascus, Pennsylvania,
to Rileyville.
' From Coeymans, by Coeymans Hollow, Dor-
mansville, and Westerlo, to South Berne.
From Comstock's Landing, by West Granville,
North Granville, and Middle Granville, to Gran-
ville.
From Concord Centre to Java.
From Cooperstown, by Fly Creek, Oaksville,
Burlington, West Burlington, Edmeston, Pitts-
field, New Berlin, New Berlin Centre, and South
New Berlin, to Norwich.
From Cooperstown, by Middlefield, Westford,
and Decatur, to Worcester.
From Copenhagen, byPinckney, Barnes's Cor-
ners, Worthville, and Jacksonville, to Lorraine.
From Corning, by Cooper's Plains, Camp-
belltown, Savona, Bath, Kennedysville, Avoca,
Twelve Mile Creek, Cohocton, North Cohocton,
Wayland Depot, Springwater, West Conesus,
Conesus, South Livonia, Lakeville, Avon, Cale-
donia, Le Roy, and Stafford, to Batavia.
From Corning, by Painted Post, Addison,
Rothbonesville, West Addison, Cameron Mills,
West Cameron, East Canisteo, and Canisteo, to
Homellsville.
From Corning, by Post Creek, Hornby, Bea-
ver Dams, and Moreland, to Watkins.
From Cortlandt Village, by McGrawsville,
Freetown Corners, and East Freetown, to Texas
Valley.
From Cortlandt Village, by McGrawsville, So-
lon, CincumautSjTaylor, Pitcher, PitcherSprings,
Pharsaha, East Pharsaha, and Pieston, to Nor-
wich.
From Covesville, by Quaker Springs and Dean's
Corners, to Keteham's Corners.
From Coxsackie, by Med way, Greenville, South
Westerlo, and Norton Hill, to Oak Hill.
From Cuba, by Black Creek, and Rockviile, to
Belfast.
From Cuba, by Rawson, Rushford, Fairview,
Freedom, Sandusky, and China, to Yorkshire.
From Cuba, by West Clarksville and West
Genesee, to Portville.
From Cuba, by Hmdsdate, to Olean.
From Dansville, by Ossian, Whitney's Valley,
and Birdsall, to Allen.
From Dansville, by Scottsburg and West Co-
nesus, to Conesus.
From Davenport, by North Kortright and Har-
j persfield, to Stamford.
| From Deer Park, by West Hills and Dix Hills,
j to Commack.
! From Delhi, by Kortright, to Harpersfield.
From De Ruyter, by Linklean, Union Valley,
Pitcher, Taylor, Cincinnatus, Wallet, and Upper
Lisle, to Whitney's Point.
From De Ruyter, by Otselic, Smyrna, Sher-
burne, and Columbus, to New Berlin.
From Deposit, by Sanford, Vallonia Springs,
South Bainbridge^oventryville, and Cheshire-
ville, to Oxford.
From Deposit, by Barbourville, Masonville,
Bennettsville, Bambiidge, East Guilford, Rock-
dale, Mount Upton, WhiteStore,South New Ber-
lin, and New Berlin Centre, to NewBeilin.
From Deposit to Cannonsville.
From De Ruyter, by North Linklean, South
Otsehc, Plymouth, and South Plymouth, to Nor-
wich.
From Dickinson Centre, by Dickinson, Moira,
and Bombay, to Fort Covington.
From'Dover, by Amenia and Leedsville, to
Sharon.
From Dunkirk, by Fredonia, Laona, Cassada-
■ ga, Gerry, and Vermont, to Jamestown.
! From Dunkirk to Detroit, Michigan.
• From East Chatham, by Chatham and Maiden
| Bridge, to Nassau.
; From Ehzabethtown, by Keene, Norfh Elba,
I Hnrrietstown, and St. Armand, to Mernlsville.
| From Elmira, by East Veteran and WestCay-
. uta, to Ithaca.
i From Elmira, by Fairport, Pine Valley, Mill-
i port, Croton Corners, and Havana, to Watkins.
I From Elmira, by North Chemung and Erin, to
i Cayuta.
From Elmira, by South Port, Seely Creek,
Webb's Mills, French Mills, Pennsylvania, Dag-
gett's Mills, and Rutland, to Mansfield.
. From Elmira, by Fairport, Millport, and Ha-
vana, to Salubria.
From Erie. Pennsylvania, by PhilHpsville,
Wattsburg, Marvin. New York, Clymer, Cly-
rner Centre, Panama, Blockville, Harmony,
Jamestown, Levant, Poland Centre, Falconer,
Randolph, East Randolph, and Napoli, to Little
Valley.
From Espex to Charlotte, Vermont.
From Farmingdale Depot, by Amityville and
South Oyster Bay, to Jerusalem South.
From Fiaher's, by Mendon, and Mendon Cen-
tre, to Honeoye Falls.
From Fishkill, by Shenandoah and Kent, to
Carrael.
