2274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
August,
Prom Medina, by Ridgway and LyndonviUe,
to Yates. _ „ ,
FromMonticello,by Thompsonville, Fallsburg,
Woodburne, Hasbrouck, Neversink, and Clarys-
ville, to Grahamsville.
From Mooresville.by Roxbury, Stratton Falls,
and Halcottsville, to Arkville.
From Mount Morris, by Tuscarora and Union
Corners, to Byersville.
From Naples, by Riker Hollow, to Plattsburg.
From New Yoik, by Brooklyn, East New
York, Jamaica, Brushville, Hempstead Branch,
Hempstead, Merrick, Farmingdale, Babylon,
Deer Park,Thompson's Station, Suffolk Station,
Lakeland, Wavetiy, Maaorville, Yaphank, Suf-
folk Court House, (Jpper Aquebogue, Jamesport,
Mattituck,Cutchogue, West Southold,andSouth-
old, to Greenport.
From New York, by Jersey City, New Jersey,
Aquackanock, Patterson, Sulferns, New York,
Ramapo Works, Sloatsburg, Monroe Works,
Turners, Monroe, Oxford Depot, Chester, Go-
shen, New Hampton, Middlelown, Howell's De-
pot, Mount Hope, Otisville, Port Jervis, Mon-
gaup, Pond Eddy, Barryville, Shehola, Penna,
Lackawaxen, Delaware Bridge, New York, Nar-
rowsburg, Cochecton, Calhkoon Depot, Fremont,
Equimunk, Pennsylvania, Stockport Station,
New York, Hancock, Monument Island, Deposit,
Lanesboro', Pennsylvania, Susquehanna Depot,
Great Bend, Lodersville, Kirkwood, New York,
Conklin, Binghampton, Union, Campville, Owe-
go, Tioga Centre, Smithboro', Barton, Factory-
ville, Waverly, Chemung, Wellsboro', Elmira, ,
Big Flats, East Painted Post, Corning, Gibson,
Knoxville, Painted Post, Addison, Rathboneville, j
"West Addison, Cameron Mills, Cameron, West
Cameron, Adrian, Canisteo, Hornellsville, Al-
mond, Alfred, Andover, Elm Valley, Wellsville,
Scio, PhillipsviUe, Belvidere, Friendship, Cuba,
Hinsdale, Olean, Allegany, Tuna, Great Valley,
Little Valley, Cattaraugus, Dayton, Perrysburg,
Smith's Mills, and Forestville, to Dunkirk.
From New York, by Yorkville, Haerlem,Mott
Haven, Morrisania, Foreham, Mount Vernon,
Bronxville, Tuckahoe, Scarsdale, Moringville,
White Plains, Kensico, Neperan, Pleasantville,
Chappaqua, New Castle, Mount Kisco, Bedford
Station, Katona, Gulden's Bridge, Purdy's Sta-
tion,Croton Falls, Brewster'sStation, Dykemau's,
Carmel, Towner's, Haviland Hollow, Patterson,
Pawlings, South Dover, Dover, Wassaic, Amenia,
Oblong, NortheastStation, Boston Corners, Mas-
sachusettss, Copake, New York,Hillsdale, North
Copake, Martindale Depot, and Ghent, to Chat-
ham Four Corners.
From New York, by New London, Connecti-
cut, to Norwich.
From New York, by Tornpkinsville, Stapleton,
New Brighton, and North Shore, to Port Rich-
mond.
From New York, by Williamsburg, Maspeth,
and Newtown, to Flushing.
From New York, by Manhattanville, Wash-
ington Heights, Kmgsbridge, Yonkers, Hastings
upon Hudson, Dolib's Ferry, Dearman's,Tarry-
town, Sing Sing, Croton Landing, Peekskill, Gar-
rison's, Cold Spring, Fishkill Landing, Carthage
Landing, New Hamburg, Hughsonville, Wap-
pinger's Falls, Poughkeepsie, UydePark, Staats-
burg, Rhinebeck, Barrytown, Clermont, German-
town, Livingston, Hudson, Stockport, Stuyve-
sant, Schodac.k Landing, Castleton, and Green-
bush, to Albany.
From New York to Stonington, Connecticut.
From Newark, by Fairville and Joy, to Sodus.
From Newburg, by Mortonville, Salisbury
Mills, Blooming Grove, and Craigsville, to Ches-
ter.
From Newburg, by Coldenham, Montgomery,
and Bullville, to Bloomingburg.
From Newburg, by Middlehope, Marlboro',
Milton, and New Paltz Landing, to Poughkeep-
sie.
From Newburg, Walden, Ulsterville, Ellenville,
and Woodburne, to Liberty.
From Newburg, by Plattekill, Modena, Clin-
tondale, New Paltz, Arnoldton, Rosendale, and
Fly Mountain, to Kingston.
From New Haven, by Texas, Port Ontario, and
Richland, to Mellen's Depot.
From Newport, by Norway, to Graysville.
From North Chili, by Chili and Clifton, to
Wheatland.
From North Evans, by Pontiac, Versailles, and
West Perrysburg, to Smith's Mills.
From Nunda, via River Road, to Caneadea.
From North Lawrence, by Lawrenceville and
Nicholville, to Hopkinton.
From Ogdensburg, by Flackville, Canton,Pots-
dam, Malone, and North Bangor, to Chateaugay.
From Ogdensburg, by Lisbon, Waddington,
Madrid, Norfolk, Raymondsville, Massena, Pac-
ket River, and Hogansburg, to Fort Covington.
From Olean, by Portville, Ceres,Little Genesee,
Bolivar, Richburg,Wirt, and Niles, to Friendship.
From Oneonta, by North Franklin, Ouleont,
and Meredith, to Delhi.
From Oneonta, by AVest Oneonta, Otsdawa,
and Maple Grove, to Butternuts.
From Oneonta, by "West Davenport, Davenport
Centre, Davenport, North Harpersfield, Jefferson,
West Gilboa, and Gilboa, to Prattsville.
Fiom Oneida Depot, by Durhamsville and
Oneida Valley, to Oneida Lake.
From Oneida Depot, by Oneida Castle, Ben-
nett's Corners, Stockbridge, Munnsville, Pratt's
Hollow, and Pine Woods, to Hamilton.
From Otego to Gilbertsville, in the town of
Butternuts.
From Oswego, by North Sterling, Fair Haven,
and Red Creek, to Walcott.
From Oswego, by Strait's Corners, Halsey
Valley, and North Barton, to Shepherd's Creek.
From Oswego, by Scriba, New Haven, Mexico,
Union Square, Dugway, and South Albion, to
From Owego, by Flemingsville, Newark Val-
ley, Berkshire, Richford, Hartford, and Virgil,
to Cortlandt Village.
From Owego, by West Newark, Speedsville,
and Caroline Centre, to Mott's Corners.
Ftom Owego, by Catatook, Candor Centre,
Wilseysville, Pugsley's Depot, Ithaca, Aurora,
Lavanna, and Union Springs, to Cayuga.
From Owego, by Tioga and Barton, to "Wa-
verly.
From Owego, by Tioga Centre, Smithboro ,
Barton, Factoryville, Chemung, and Baldwin, to
Elmira.
From Oxford, by Guilford, Guildford Centre,
Mount Upton, and Butternuts, to Morris.
From Oxford, by East McDonough, McDon-
ough, and German, to Cincinnatus.
from Oxford, by Coventry and Nineveh, to
Valonia Springs. .
From Palatine Bridge, by Canajoharie, Buel,
I Cherry Valley, and Mtddlefield Centre, to Coop-
erstown.
From Palmyra, by Marion and Williamson, to
' Pultneyville.
' From Panama, by Lottsville, Pennsylvania,
Laporte, and Pittsfield, to Youngsville.
From Panama, by Stedman's and Mayville, to
Westfield.
From Peekskill, by Yorktown, West Somers,
and Somers Centre, to Somers.
From Peekskill, by Shrub Oak, Jefferson Val-
ley, and Red Mills, to Carmel.
From Penn Yan, by Bluff I'oint, Branchport,
Italy Hill, Prattsburg, and Mitchelville, to Bath.
From Penn Yan, by Yatesville, to Sherman's
Hollow.
From Penn Yan, by Milo, Milo Centre, and
North Starkey, to Dundee.
From Perry, by Perry Centre, Warsaw, East
' Orangeviile, Orangeville, Johnsonburg, Sheldon,
' Strykersville, Wales, and Wales Centre, to East
Aurora.
From Pike, by Hume, to Fillmore.
From Piermont, by Nyack, Nyack Turnpike,
Clarkstown, and Haverstraw, to North Haver-
straw.
From Plattsburg, by West Plattsburg, Cady-
vilie, and Saranac,to Redford.
From Pleasantville, by Sing Sing,Cortland town,
and Croton Landing, to Peekskill.
From Poriageville, by Wiscoy, Mill's Mills,
Hume, Fillmore, and East Caneadea, to Caneadea.
From Portageville, by East Roy, Pike, Eagle,
Eagle Village, China, Sardinia, West Yorkshire,
Yorkshire, Springville, West Concord, and Col-
lins Centre, to Gowanda.
From Port Byron, by Conquest, Victory, Mart-
ville, Sterling, North Sterling, and Southwest Os-
wego, to Oswego.
From Port Henry, by Chimney Point, (Ver-
mont,) to Bridport.
From Potsdam, by East Pierpont, Colton, -
Pierpont, and Crary's Mills, to Canton.
From Potsdam Station, by Norfolk and Ray-
mondsville, to Massena.
From Pottersville.byTannersville, to Minerva.
From Pough keepsie, by LaGrangeville,Crouse's
Store, Pleasant Ridge, and Waisttown, to South
Dover.
From Poughkeepsie, by Manchester Bridge,
Sprout Creek, Arthursburgh, Beekman, and Pou-
quag, to Pawlings.
From Poughkeepsie, by New Hackensack,
Fishkill Plain, Adriance, Stormville, and Pecks-
ville, to Patterson.
From Poughkeepsie, by Pleasant Valley, Wash-
ington Hollow, Hart's Village, Malibetsville,
Lithgow, Amenia, Leedsville,and Amenia Union,
to South Amenia.
From Poughkeepsie, by Freedom Plains, Ver-
bank, and Chestnut Ridge, to Clove.
From Poughkeepsie, by Crum Elbow, Pleasant
Plains, Clinton Hollow, Schultzville, Bull's Head,
and Milan,,to Rock City.
From Poughkeepsie, by New Paltz Landing,
Lloyd, New Paltz, Libertyville, Tuthill, Bruyns-
wick, Redbridge, Crawford, Ulsterville, and Bur-
lingham, to Bloomingburg.
From Poughkeepsie to Albany.
From Poughkeepsie, by Salt Point. Hibernia,
Stanfordsville, Bangall, Attlebur/, Pine Plains,
and Gallatinville, to Ancram.
From Prattsville, by West Lexington, to Grif-
I fin's Corners.
I From Poughkeepsie, by Hyde Park, Strats-
| burg, Rhinebeck, Monteiey, Red Hook, Upper
] Red Hood, Clermont, Livingston, and Millburn,
to Hudson
I From Poughkeepsie, by Wapping Falls, to Fish-
1 kill
From Purdy's Station, by Salem Centre and
' North Salem, to Ridgefield, Connecticut.
, From Railroad, by Mill Plain, to Danbury.
From Rathbonville, by East Cameron and South
Hill, to Jasper.
From Rhinebeck, by Milan and Pine Plains, to
the Railroad Depot in the town of North East.
From Richmondville, by East Worcester, Wor-
cester, Schenevus, Maryland, and South Milford,
to Oneonto.
From Richmondville, by Summit, Charlottes-
ville, South Worcester, and East Davenport, to
Davenport.
From Rochester, by Scottsville, Wheatland,
Munford, Caledonia, Fowlersville, York, Greigs-
ville, and Moscow, to Mount Morris.
From Rochester, by Henrietta, Rush, West
Rush, Avon, South Avon, Geneseo, Groveland
Centre, Groveland, North Sparta, and Sparta, to
i Dansville.
I From Rochester, by Greece, West Greece,
i Parma, East Clarkson, Clarkson, Murray, East
Gaines, Gaines, West Gaines, Oak Orchard,
1 Ridgeway, Jeddo, Johnson's Creek, Hartland,
and Wright's Corners, to Lockport.
From Rochester, by Handford'a Landing, to
i Charlotte.
j From Rochester, by West Webster, Webster,
i Ontario, Williamson, Sodus, Alton, Port Glas-
i gow, and Huron, to Wolcott.
From Rochester, by Spencerport, Adam's Ba-
, sin, Brockport, Holly, Hulburton, Hmdsburgh,
Albion, Eagle Harbor, Knowlesville, Medina,
Shelby Basin, Middleport, Reynold's Basin, Gas-
port, Orangeport, Lockport, Pekin, and Suspen-
sion Bridge, to Niagara Falls.
From Rockland, by Callikoon, Jeffersonville,
and Pike Pond, to Fosterdale.
From Rockland to Beaverkill.
From Rome, by Pine, McConnellsville, Cam-
den, West Camden, Williamstown, Sand Bank,
Kasoag, and Salmon River, to Richland.
From Rome, by Western ville, North Western,
and-Hill Side, to Boonville.
From Rome, by Lee, to Taberg.
From Rome, by Stokes, West Branch, Ava,
West Leyden, Constableville,Turin, Houseville,
West Martinsburg, West Lowville, Harrisburg,
Copenhagen, and Rutland, to Watertown.
From Rome, by Lowell, Vernon, Vernon Cen-
tre, Knox Corners, Augusta, and Bouckville, to
From Rome, by Blossville, McConnellsville,
Camden, West Camden, Williamstown, Sand
Bank, Kasoag, New Centreville, Salmon River,
