1416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
knife and go through the field and attempt to cut
it down without holding one end of the straw, as
to cut with Moore & Hascall's sickle without
McCormick's combinations. Such a thing was
nem in Moore & Hascall's; and their patent,
when produced, showed that nothing was con-
tained in it of the kind.
But the Senator comes now to sum up the case,
as it were. He eeiys:
"Now, sir, what do £ a«k in this bill? f ask, and I ap-
peal to my fellow-Senators if it is not fair to those con-
htituents of mine, thai they shall have leave to go to the
Patent Office, and file a specification of what they claim
to be the ongmal inventors of; that the Commissioner of
Patents shall then give notice to the whole world that these
things are claimed, so that Husspv, and McCormick, and
Atkinson, and anybody and everybody, may come in, and
see whether Moore kHa-call are the original inventors of
this machine or not. And now let me inquire, what dors
the argument ot the Senator from Wisconsin go to show?
Either that theie will be an investigation which will he fair,
and will secure to these men what belongs to them, or else
that the Senate has to come to the conclusion that the
CommissionerofPatents and thejudge ofthccourt to whom
the appeal may be taken, are not entitled to the common
confidence of the community."
Did I ever take any such position ? Never. It
is an unfair inference from my argument. 1
stated that such proof might be produced that the
most honest and astute man in the world, whether
as Commissioner of Patents or judge of the court
of appeals, would have to be governed by it to an
extent that would amount to a fraud upon the
community and other inventors.
" What room is there for these sweeping declarations
and denunciations, when the hiil is guarded ?"
Wonderfully guarded, sir? They are to have
all that appears m the model made as far back,
the Senator intimates, as 1832; all that appears
in a model that was burnt eighteen years ago, and
which, though it might have been supplied sev-
enteen years ago, they never have supplied. They
are to have what was contained in that model,
which he does not produce, which he does not
show to the Senate, which he does not show to
anybody, but which, after they get the hill passed,
they will bring forward*, and, if they please, they
can bring it forward containing everything that
goes to constitute any reaping machine, whether
patented by anybody else or not.
The Senator says:
" T repwat, Moore & Hawaii must prove, according to
it, that they an; the original mventois of oveivthinj>; thev
claim, oi they cannot have the extension. What h tin:
effect of it.3 I mean to he fair, and I will Male it. It is to
save till question of ahaiubnment to these men ivhilc thc>j
have been applying to Congress; that 18 all."
Bear that in mind. Here is an assertion that
all that is asked by this bill is to relieve these gen-
tlemen from an abandonment from the time they
made application to Congress up to the present.
We shall see presently whether that is all.
He says, further:
"They have been since 1850 urging Congress to pa«s this
bill; and it is therefoie so framed a* not to allow tlm tune
to he pleaded again-t them, and thereby to make out an
abandonments'their inventions. That is the whole thing,
and it is all there is of it. Is there any reason against itr1''
We have seen whether this is all. We have
seen that not only for the purpose of improve-
ment can they have everythingthey have invented,
whether patented by others or not, from the time
of the invention up to 1^50, but they can go back
to the first existence of the model, and prove that
by oral testimony, what was contained in that
by way of original patent, and then upon the top
of that all improvements made since 1836. The
Senator says the object is to save all question of
abandonment to these men while they have been
applying to Congress. He says ''that is all."
Is that all' We shall see. Let us see what else
he says:
"• The only point in dispute is as to that sickle. I say
McCormick holds a patent for U running for fourteen years
from 1845."
That was nine years ago:
" We claim that he has no right to it. We claim that it
is an invention of the-e men, and that they are entitled to
it, and ou^ht to have the emoluments growing out of it.
The bill proposes to put them m a condition where they
can contest that question. They cannot contest it now.
Suppose sotn^ man has a suit with McCormick, and proves
that Moore &. Iia&call invented the sickle ; he defeats Mc-
Cormiek, but does not help Moore St Hascall."
We see whether the relief from an abandonment
during the time they have been applying to Con-
gress is the whole object. We see that, so far
fiom that being all they ask, they want to go
back nine years, and snatch and grab from the
patent of McCoimick, of 1845, the sickle. Do
not, then, let the Senator say that the going back j
to the time of their application to Congress is their
whole object. He has admitted himself that it is
to meet the abandonment of at least nine years in
regaid to that sickle. That we have from his
own hps. There it is. It is in your speech, sir.
It will be recorded in the Globe. It will go to the
country that that is what you claim. The very
least, m the time of the abandonment of that sickle
for which you seek relief, is nine years. Yes, it
is proposed to put them behind McCormick's nine
years ago. Why, Mr. President and Senators,
what has taken place in that time? How many
hundreds and thousands have got these reapers
within that time? That is the cutting machine of
the country. Every man who finds a difficulty
in procuiing manual labor has oue of these ma-
chines, or one of Ilussey's; and while that is the
case, it is proposed to let the modest Moore &>
Hascall, those men who are contrasted with others
because they are honest, go behind a patent which
was issued nine years ago; and yet the Senator
who advocates the bill says it is only to meet an
abandonment of the time during which they have
been before Congress. This language is very
emphatic. He says:
" The only point iri dispute is as to that sickle. [ ^ay
McCormick holds a patent running for fourteen years fioiri
ltf'15. We claim that he has no right to it."
Why did they not make that claim before the \
Patent Office, when McCormiek was seeking to
obtain a patent? Why did they notinterfere with
him then, and show that he had not the priority
of invention. They were, forsooth, too modest.
They were not blood-suckers. They were not
such blood-suckers as to seek the protection of the
law for their rights. They did not seek that; but
they afterwards come into Congress for an exten-
sion to compete with men who had complied with
the law. That is the argument. The Senator
says, again:
" M< Coimick is making reaper* under two patents, one
of which he took out m 1845, and which, as I chum, is tor
the sickle that Mooie &. Hascall commenced u^nigm 1836.
But he took it out in 1845, and u has fourteen years from
that time to run."
Will you bear that in mind, that he took out a
patent in 1845 for a sickle which Moore <Sc I las-
call commenced using in From his own
lips, then, here js an abandonment from which :
they are to be relieved, running through a period
of eighteen years—a period not only of nine, but
of twice nine. And is the Senate asked to pass
such a bill -such a nefarious bill, as I say it is?
But there is an important matter, in conclusion,
here, which is thrown out by way of argument;
and, Mr. President, it would be a most admirable
| aigument befoie a jury in the gorge of some moun-
tain, by one who had never seen a law book, or
heard a lawyer speak. The argument is this:
"They cannot content it now. Suppose «ome nian has
a suit with McCormiek, and proves that Moore & Has-
call invented the sicklc: he defeats McCormick, but does
not help Moore & Uasscall,"
Wh'y do they not help Moore & HascallJ
Simply because Moore & Hascall do not man-
j ufacture the machines. If they invented the sickle,
j as far back as 1836, and had gone to work, as men
| of public spirit ought to have done, they would
have manufactured the machine, and then let Mr.
j McCormick sue, as he would have done, 1 assure
j you; and then, I apprehend, if they had shown a
I priority over him of nine years, and if they had
: proved what the Senator said, that McCormick
, had no rights, they could £0 on and manufacture
1 under their own rights. This argument, then, is
fallacious. The simple reason why they cannot
1 benefit themselves by a contest of this kind is,
; that they do not manufacture the machine them-
i selves, but only step in as witnesses for others
who are infringers and pirates. The Senator
| further says:
" Now, sir, after providing, as the bill doc, for this
renewal and extension, upon complete examination by
, witnesses before the Commissioner of Patents; after pro-
viding, as it does, lor an appeal asm all other cases, suppose
a parent be granted. The question is ^Uil left open, before
. the courts of the United States, whenever the parties
j choose to try it, between Moore & Hascall and McCoi-
nuck, or an> body else, as to who is the original inventor.
1 What injury, then, can be done by this
And I will say the question is open now. Let
| Moore & Hascall go to work, if they please,
i and manufacture this machine; and if they are
j sued, and can show priority, they will defeat the
I men who sue them. They can go on and manu-
facture the machine if they will establish their
priority, which we all know is a sufficient defense
upon a patent suit. Theiefore, the argument in
thisparticularfails. Butthey arenot contented with
the lights that they have. They must come here
and ask Congress to set itself up as a judge, and
decide who has piionty, or at least relieve them
from eighteen years abandonment, and give them
a hearing before the Patent Office, to test the ques-
tion with men who have had patents, undisputed
upon the points named, for the last nine years.
1 come now, sir, to where I wish to put a ques-
tion to the Senator from Michigan, It is one
somewhat personal to myself. I find this singular
declaration in his speech:
"Now, sir, I ask—and I ask it with some sort of confi-
dence, and not a little of feeling—if, when the Senate of
the United States is presented with a hill which is simply
to put these men on a tooting with others, which is to give
them a patent foi what they shall actually prove, after notice
and lull hediirig, that they originally invented, it can, with
propitety, be characterised as an enormous proposition?
f^ir, I know something about this matter; I know a little
about the agencies ; I know a little about the propelling
power; and. sir, f can say to you that 1 know ori some sub-
jects a little more than I wish to know."
Mr. President, the Senator told us a great deal
about what he did know. He has at last come
to something which he knows that he is soiry for.
I wish to ask him this question: Does he intend,
| by that, that he knows anything in connection
with myself and this matter that he imputes as
dishonorable ?
Mr. STUART. 1 will say to the Senator, as
i said to him in the outset, that I do not propose
to be catechised, and to answer his questions
while he has the floor. When he gets through,
if I think it necessary to reply, t will answer that
among ail his other questions.
' Mr. WALKER. 1 have no right to presume that
1 the Senator intended to make a personal insinua-
i tion. Cowards and knaves only do that. Men of
i courage and of honor speak out what they mean
I of a personal character. I class the Senator with
| the brave and magnanimous; and, consequently,
have no right to infer against him that he meant a
personal imputation; but this much 1 will say, as
to every and any one beneath the canopy of God's
heaven, such a charge cannot by implication or by
express language be made without the perpetration
of a most damnable falsehood; and by that, sir,
I do not intend to refer to the Senator fiom Michi-
gan specially; for I say I do not place him in the
category of those who make such charges by in-
sinuation. I have heard him on this floor often
enough to know that, when he intends a personal
insinuation, he will speak rightout; and I far prefer
it from him, or from anybody else, to a sly in-
sinuation. I should not have put the question,
but that I had heard some others wondering what
Mr. Stuart meant.
Now, in regard to these agencies, as I have
already said, I have never seen an agent of Mr.
McCormick. He has never sent one to me. If
he had, he should never have spoken to me again
himself; but having noagents, havingno hirelings
hanging about him, I have, from the commence-
ment of this matter, given him a full opportunity
to inform me in regard to his own rights, and to en-
lighten me in regard to my own and the rights of my
fellow-citizens m Wisconsin, i haveindulged him;
and since the charges were made by the Senator
the other day against him in so broad terms,
denouncing me for trying to sustain him, and
denouncing him for having obeyed the law, he has
furnished me with the most ample proof to justify
every opinion I had formed. 1 am proud to
stand by his rights when assailed, as he has no
position here to defend himself. I am prepared
with testimony tenfold what I have brought for-
ward to sustain that man, to sustain his action
in favor of himself and in favor of his countiy;
! and if that be wrong, let the Senator herald it to
! the world. For my pait, I say I am proud of it.
! I now hand over to the Senator the testimony
I of the witnesses and the patent, which I say did
! not contain in 1836 as specific a claim for the sickle
> as is contained in McCormick's patent of 1834. I
i will furnish him with any other testimony which 1
■ have quoted. I will furnish him with acopy of his
' speech. 1 will furnish him with anything of the
; kind; and let him now reflect that, so far as I made
iiany statements which he denied on a previous
occasion; I have submitted the proof for them, and
if it is not satisfactory to the Senate, I have some
other.
