706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, it was for
the very purpose of calling the attention of the
Senate to the important fact which has just been
brought before it by my honorable friend from
Illinois that I rose yesterday. The distinguished
gentleman who is at the head of the War Depart-
ment, and whose experience entitles every recom-
mendation of his in reference to the Army to our
serious consideration and favorable regard, has
most earnestly recommended the provision which
is contained in the ninth section of this bill. I do
earnestly hope, therefore, for the very reasons
assigned by him in his report, that the ninth sec-
tion may not be stricken from the bill, it com-
mends itself to me particularly, because it contains
the electoral principle. It proposes to recognize
the Senators of the United Slates as men entitled
to some weight in the lecommendations of the
officers under this Government. 1 do not hes-
itate to say that the recommendations of Senators,
who are placed here by permanent appointment
for six years, are entitled to quiteas much consid-
eration as the recommendations of gentlemen in
the other House; but yet, heretofore, every cadet
who has been appointed upon the recommendation
of a member of Congress has been appointed
solely upon the recommendation of a Representa-
tive in the other House. Sir, of the two classes,
which would be the least apt to be misled in the
event of an exciting election approaching—the
Senator or the Representative? 1 submit that,
in my judgment, the man who is beyond the |
reach of an election and its excitements will be
more apt to make a proper recommendation, if,
indeed, there is to beany distinction made between j
the two. If we are to say that one can make a
better appointment than the other, I preferthe rec-
ommendation of the Senator. It is true that this
will throw upon Senators an increased responsi-
bility. H will doubtless give gentlemen trouble;
but have they the right to avoid that responsi-
bility under the circumstances? If it is for the
interest of the country, itjs the duty of a Senator
to encounter the responsibility.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr, President, if this were a
mere question of patronage, 1 think I should vote
for striking out the section. All power is cer-
tainly apt to plague the possessor; and among
the smaller annoyances, I do not know a more
troublesome one than that which besets those who
have the bestowment of patronage of this sort. If,
therefore, this were solely a question of patronage,
I should vote for striking out the section; but 1
understand that an increase of cadets is desirable,
and particularly under the provisions of this bill,
which may make it necessary. Heretofore, 1 be-
lieve, one cadet has been appointed from each
Congressional district in turn,in thecourse of four
years, which gives two hundred and thii ty-three
cadets for that term; and besides these, there are
some ten appointments at large annually, which
are authorized to be made by the President. For
one, I should be very much inclined to bestow
this patronage of the proposed increase in the num-
ber of caileiH on the President, instead of giving
it to Senators, but for the fact that 1 must confess
myself apprehensive that the manner in which i
this presidential patronage has been exercised j
woulu be extended more or less to the increased 1
number, or be influenced by other considerations, ]
not at ail satisfactory to me. j
1 have noticed the last appointments to the Mil- ;
itary Academy made by the President; and though |
he has only exercised his undoubted right in the
- selection of those whom he has named, yet I must ,
regiet the appointment of so many sons and rela- '
tives of military men, as gives to some minds the
idea of a sort of hereditaiy succession m military i
offices. I believe that nine of the ten young gen- !
tlemen just appointed are sons or adopted sons of :
officers, and the tenth the descendant of a revolu- '
tionary olficer, appointed for that reason. How !
many sons of officers have been otherwise ap- i
pointed I do not know. !
It seems to me that, for obvious reasons, the fx- ;
erase'of this patronage by the President is likely
to run too much in the direction to which I have .
alluded, or to be influenced in a very great decree
by mere political considerations*. I do nor, think
it will be liable to the same objection if the Senate
exercise it.
Besides, sir, the Representatives in the other'I
House confine their appointments to their own j!
districts, of course, for they are obliged by law :J
to do so; and they are very often so much pressed
by popular and influential persons in their dis-
tricts that the appointment is made rather from
considerations of that sort than because of the
merit and promise of the youth who is appointed.
It isjin many cases the condition and political ac-
tivity of the parent, rather than the character of
the boy, which insures his appointment. I do
not know that I claim too much for this body
when I say that I think the Senate, not being
under the pressure of the same influences, would
be able to make appointments perhaps promising
and yielding more efficiency to the service. At
all events it would be within our competency to
do so. I may acid, that the increased number of
appointments could not well be distributed among
the members of the House of Representatives.
As these new appointments are to be added, and
as 1 do not know of any better depository of the
appointing power than the Senate, I shall vote
against striking out the section.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President 1 move to amend
the amendment of the Senator from Indiana, by
striking out the words " upon the recommenda-
tion of the respective Senators," instead of strik-
ing out the whole section, as he proposes to do.
The section would then, in substance, read, that
there shall be an increase of the number of cadets
equal to the number of Senators, without desig-
nating the mode of appointment. Thus the Senate
would be freed from the disagreeable necessity of
indicating who are to be appointed. If this
amendment should prevail, 1 think that the great
object, the great benefit which it is supposed will
result from this additional number of cadets, will
be attained; and we shall be relieved from the evi!
consequences of having to exercise this patronage,
as it is termed.
Mr. SHIELDS. That is the same as giving
to the President the appointment of sixty-two
additional cadets.
Mr. PRATT. I do not care where it throws
the appointment. Any Senator can designate any
other mode of appointment, and it will be agree-
able to me. Differing from my honorable friend
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] I am decidedly in
favor of increasing the number of cadets. I do
not agree with htm that any injury could result
from having us many of our young men educated
at the West Point Academy as it is possible to
have, without any more increased expense than
their mere pay while they are so engaged. I be-
lieve with some gentleman who has expressed a
similar opinion, that the graduates of that institu-
tion are the best educated men in the country; and
that, whether engaged in military or civil life, they
became ornaments to the country, and useful to
it in every sphere. I am, therefore, altogether in
favor of increasing the number of cadets to the
utmost capacity of the institution as it now exists.
But it is to the exercise of this patronage on thepart
of the Senate that I object. I agree with my friend
from Iowa [Mr. Dodge] that, according to my
view, it is not entirely compatible with the theory
of our Government that the Senate should ever
have the appointing power. As I understand the
theory of our Government, appointments are to be
made by the President, and his nominations are
to be confirmed by the Senate. Here you intro-
duce an entirely different principle, and you make
it compulsory on the President to nominate the
person whom you recommend; so thai you have
theapponilment and the confirmation myourown :
hands. The result, I apprehend, will hereafter be !
tins: There will be a set of officers growing up in
the Army, appointed by us, by each individual '
Senator; each will have his particular protege in 1
the Army, to whose course in life he will neces- j
sanly look with some degree of pride, and to •
whom he might, perhaps, be unwilling to see!
justice meted out as it should be. j
i think, in every point of view, it would be in- j
jurious to give to Senatois this appointment. I |
am m favor of increasing the number of cadets, ;
but I wish to give the appointment to some other 1
parties than Senators of the United States.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I think some
Senators are in favor of retaining this clause in
the bill because it confers upon them the appoint-
ment of a cadet; and other Senatois are opposed
to tl,e section for the reason that, if it becomes a
law, they will incur the responsibility of having
to make an appointment. Now,sh,Iam in favor
of the section for no such reason; nor am I op-
posed to it for any such reason. I seek no respon-
sibility-^—t would avoid none. If it is advisable,
if it is necessary, if it is desirable that an addi-
tional number of cadets should be appointed, I
think that they might be appropriately designated
by Senators, with quite as much propriety as
they are now designated by members of the House
of Representatives.
But, sir, I am opposed to this section, and I am
opposed to it for a reason which I think has been
very well stated by the Senator from Michigan.
I am opposed to it because I am a sincere friend
of the Academy at West Point. I believe that
that school turns out annually a number amply
sufficient, and more than sufficient, to answer all
the demands of the Government. I would vote
most cheerfully, and I believe I should be acting
in the line of my duty in so doing, to restrict,
rather than to increase, that number. I do not
desire, however, to do even that; but I would let
it remain as it is. I think the evidences furnished
us during the last war with Mexico have removed
a portion of the prejudice which existed m the
minds of some of our community against that
school. It has furnished us with the best officers,
I think, that the world has ever seen, I doubt
not that the General-in-Chief, if he could tell us,
would say that a better appointed corps of engi-
neers never went with any army in the world as
that which we sent to Mexico; and it is to such -
an efficient corps of engineers that much of the
success of our arms is to be attributed.
Now, sir, I trust, indeed I know, that no Sen-
ator would do anything which would create a
prejudice in the minds of our community against
the institution, by increasing the number of schol-
ars there to an amount greater than the wants of
the country absolutely require. Believing that
such may be the effect of this section, and believ-
ing clearly that there are now as many cadets at
the Academy as the exigencies of the country
require, I shall vote to strike out the section.
The Senator from Maryland has moved to amend
the amendment so as to strike out only the last
part of the section, thus increasing the num-
ber, and only removing the responsibility of
making the appointments from Senators. I shall
vote against that amendment, and in favor of
striking out the section, for the reasons which I
have stated.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I am decidedly
in favor of retaining this section, for the reasons
which have been given by my friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Shields,] and also by my friend from Del-
aware, [Mr. Clayton,] and for the reasons so
emphatically given by the distinguished gentleman
who is at the head of the military department of
the Government. I believe that what has been
said is true, that the country derives in every
respect incalculable advantages from the mainte-
nance of the military school at West Point; and
I think it enables us, in the language of the Secre-
tary, to derive in effectall the benefits to the coun-
try of a large standing army without either the
danger or the expense of maintaining one, by dif-
fusing through the whole country military knowl-
edge and skill, which may be at any moment
called into requisition when the necessities of the
country require it, and be made effectual for the
i national defense.
| I am opposed, Mr. President, to the amendment
j proposed by my friend from Maryland, [Mr.
! Pratt,] to strike out that portion of the ninth sec-
tion which devolves the nomination of these officers
; on Senators. There is a mistake on this subject,
i It has been said, that we exercise an influence over
' the appointment of cadets, in virtue of our advis-
| mg authority upon nominations, in point of fact,
■ we have no real influence or control, direct orin-
| diiect, over the appointment of any officer in the
■ Army. The cadets are, in form, appointed by the
, head of the War Depaitment; in. fact and sub-
■ stance by the respective members of the House
j of Representatives. The cadetship never comes
j here for confirmation. As soon as cadets have
, gone through their course at the academy, and are
! discharged from that institution, they pass into the
i Army, under regulations having the force of law;
: and when they are nominated to us by the Presi-
dent, the President has no more discretion in
making the nomination than we have in ad vising and
: consenting to it. It is a regular nomination under
j the authority of law, and the nomination by the
i President, and the confirmation by the Senate, are
