2276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
From West Falls, by Golden, Glenwood, and
East Concord, to Springfield.
From Westpoint to Cold Spring.
From Westport to Elizabethtown.
From West Fort Ann, by Griswold's Mills,
Potter's Mills, and dueensbury, to Glenn's Falls.
From White's Corners, by East Eden, Clarks-
burg, and Marshfield, to Collin's Centre.
From White Ball, by Benson's Landing, Ver-
mont, Putnam, New York, Ticonderoga, Crown
Point, Moriah, Port Henry, Westport, Wad-
ham Mills, Whalonsburg, Essex, and Willsboro',
to Keeseville.
From White Hall, by Hampton and West
Poultney, to East Poultney.
FromWhite Hall, by Orwell, Vermont, Ticon-
deroga, New York, Larabee's Point, Vermont,
Crown Point, New York, Bridgeport, Vermont,
Fort Henry, New York, Westport, Essex, Bur-
lington, Vermont, Port Kent, New York, Platts-
burg, and Chazy,to Rouse's Point.
From Whitney's Corners, by Theresa, Red-
wood, Plesis, and Alexandria Centre, to Alexan-
dria.
From Wolcott, by Butler, South Butler, Savan-
nah, Cruso, Montezuma, and Fosterville, to Au-
burn.
From Wurtzboro', by Mamakating, Phillips-:
port, and Homawack, to Eilenvtlle.
From Wyoming, by Middleburg, and Bethany,
to Batavia.
New Jersey.—From Ashbury to Bethlehem.
From Barnsboro', by Hardingville, Elmer,
Centreton, to Bridgeton.
From Belvidere, by Ramsaysburg, Polkville,
Blairstown, and Stillwater, to Middleville.
From Berkshire Valley to Milton.
From Boonton to Montville.
From Bordentown to Trenton.
From Bordentown, by Shelltown ,Wailford, and
Fillmore, to Inlaystown,
From Bordentown, by Crosswicks, to Allen-
town.
From Bordentown, by Recklesstown, Jacobs-
town, New Egypt, and Manchester, to Tom's
River.
Fiom Branchville, by Coursenville, Decker-
town, and Beemersville, to Branchville.
From Bridgetown, by Fairton, Cedarville, and
Newport, to Dividing Creek.
From Bridgeton, by Millville, Leesbur?, Ew-
ings Neck, East Creek, Dennisville, Goshen, Cape
May, Fishing Creek, and Cold Spring, to Cape
Island.
From Burlington,by Columbus, to Georgetown.
From Burlington, by Jacksonville, and Jobs-
town, Julinstown, to Wrightstown.
From Burlington to Mount Ilolly.
From Camden, by Ab^ecmn, to Atlantic City.
From Canton to Hancock's Bridge.
From Clinton to Frenchtown.
From Columbia, by Brotzmanville, Calno, Mill
Brook, to Flat Brookville.
From Cranberry, by South Brunswick, to New
Brunswick.
From Deckerton,'by Mount Salem, to Minisink,
New York.
From Denville to Boonton.
From Dover, by Suckasunny, Drakesville,
Stanhope, Lockwood, Andover, Newton, Lafay-
ette, Augusta, Branchville, Tuttle's Corner,
Hainesvilie, and Montague, to Milford, Pennsyl-
vania.
From Dover, by Stanhope, Waterloo, Alla-
muchy, Johnsonburs", Marksboro', Paulina,
Blairstown, Walnut Valley, Hamesburg, Colum-
bia, Slateford, Pennsylvania, and Dutotsburg, to
Stroudaburg.
From Dover, by Berkshire Valley, Hurdtown,
and Sparta, to Newton.
From Dover, by Suckasunny, Drakesville, to
Stanhope.
From Eatontown, by Shark River and New
Bedford, to Squam Village.
From Elizabethtown, by Union, Springfield,
New Providence, Passaic Valley, and Long Hill,
to Baskenridge.
From Elizabeth town, by Cranesville, West field,
Bcotch Plains, Plainfield, New Market, Bound
Brook, Somerville, and North Branch, to White
House.
From Englishtown to Freehold.
From Flemington, by Stanton, Lebanon,
Cokesburg, and Neighborsville, to German Val-
ley.
From Flemington, by Croton, to Baptistown.
From Freehold, by Turkey, Farmingdale,
Lower Squankum, Howell's Works, Point Pleas-
ant, Metedeconk, Tom's River, Potter's Creek,
Cedar Creek, Forked River, Wiretown, Barngat,
Manahawkin, and West Creek, to Tuckerton.
From Freehold, by Perrineville, Clarksburg,
and Imlaystown, to Allentown.
From Freehold, by Turkey and Bergen Iron
Works, to Tom's River,
From Hackensack to New Prospect.
From Hackensack, by Spring Valley, to Pas-
kack.
From Hackettstown, by Drakestown, Flan-
ders, and Suckasunny, to Dover.
From Hackettstown, by Vienna, Danville,
Townsbury, and Bridgeville, to Belvidere.
From Hackettstown to Hope.
From Hackettstown to Beatyestown.
From Hamburg, by HarmonyVale, to Monroe.
From Hamburg to Franklin Furnace.
From Hope to Columbia.
From Key Port, by Holmdel, Colt's Neck, and
Farmingdale, to Lower Squankum.
From Key Port, by Middletown, Red Bank,
Shrewsbury, Eatontown, and Ocean Port, to
Long Branch.
From Lafayette, by Sparta, Franklin Fur-
nace, Hamburg, and Monroe, to Lafayette.
From Lafayette, by Pepokating, to Decker-
town.
From Lafayette, by Monroe, Hamburg, Ver-
non, and New Milford, New York, to Warwick.
From LambertsviUe, by Ringoes, Flemington,
Weartsville, Copper Hill, Chnesville, Cherry-
ville, Guakertown, Pittstown, Sidney, Clinton,
! Clarksville, to New Hampton.
From Lambertsviile, by Frallsville, Sergeants-
j| ville, Kmgwood, Baptisttown, to Frenchtown.
jj From Lawrenceville to Dutch Neck.
j! From Lawrenceville to Punceton.
l| From Longacoming, by Waterford Works,
Batsto, Gloucester Furnace, and Port Republic,
to Leed's Point.
From Mtlford to Little York.
From Morristown, by Hanover and Hanover
Neck, to Livingston.
From Morristown, by Denville, Rockaway, to
Dover.
From Mannahawken, by Barne^at, Cedar
Bridge, Red Oak Grove, Brown's Mills, New
Lisbon, and Pemberton, to Mount Holly.
From Morristown, by Mendham, Chester,
German Valley, Schooley's Mountain, Pleasant
Grove, Anderson, Washington, Broadway, New
Village, and Stewartsville, to Easton, Pennsylva-
nia.
From Morristown, by New Vernon, Basken-
ridge, Millington, Liberty Corner, Martinsville,
Somerville, and Weston, to Millstone.
From Morristown to Walnut Grove.
From Millstone, by Flaggtown, Beekman's
Mills, Clover Hill, and Reaville, to Flemington.
From Mount Holly to Pemberton.
From Medford, by Shanung, Atsion, Sooy'a
Inn, and Bass River Hotel, to Tuckerton.
From Newark, by Bloomfield, West Bloom-
field, Caldwell, and Pine Brook, to Parsippany.
From New Esypt to Arneytown.
From New Esypt, by Horner's Town, Pine
Plains, Downsville, Francis's Mills, Jackson's
Mills, to Freehold.
From New Brunswick to Somerville.
From New Biunswick, by South River, Spotts-
wood, and Old Bridge, Cheesequakes, to Middle-
town Point.
From New Brunswick, by Six Mile Run,
Griggstown, Rocky Hill, Blawenburg, Hopewell,
and Woodsville, to Lambertsviile.
From NewBrunswick, by Nuddlebush, to Mill-
stone. ^
From New Brunswick, by Kingston, Prince-
ton, Port Mercer, Trenton, Morrisville, (Penn-
sylvania,) Tullytown, Bristol, Bridgewater, An-
dalusia, and Holmesburg, to Philadelphia.
From New Germantown, by Pottersville, to
German Valley.
From New Hampton, by Washington, Oxford
Furnace, and Bridgeville, to Belvidere.
From New York, (New York,) by Jersey
City, (New Jersey^) Newark, Elizabethtown,
Rah way, Meatuchen, and New Brunswick Post
Office, to the intersection of this road with the
Philadelphia railroad.
From New York, by Hoboken, (New Jersey,)
New Durham, and English Neighborhood, to
Hackensack.
From New York, (New York,) by Newark,
(New Jersey,) Orange, South Orange, Milbourn,
Springfield, Summit, Chatham, Madison, Mor-
ristown, Denville, Rockaway, and Dover, to
Hackettstown '
From New York, by Elizabeth port, Elizabeth-
town, Craneville, Westfield, Scotch Plains, Plain-
field, New Market, Bound Brook, Somerville,
Raritan, North Branch, White House, Lebanon,
Clinton, Peiiyville, Clarksville, New Hampton,
Asbury, Bethlehem, Bloomsbury, Siill Valley,
and Phtllipsburjr, to Easton, Pennsylvania.
From New York, New York, by Key Port,
New Jersey, Middletown Point, and Marlbo-
rough, to Freehold.
From New York, New York, by Aquackanock,
New Jersey, to Paterson.
From Newton, by Freedom, Gratitude, John-
sonburg, Hope, Serepta, Belvidere, Rocksbnrg,
Harmony, and Philhpsburg, to Easton, Pennsyl-
vania.
From Paterson, by Pomptown, Bloomingdale,
Newfoundland, Stockholm, Hamburg:, Decker-
town, and Libertyville, to Port Jervis, New York.
From Paterson, by Pomptown, Newfoundland,
Stockholm, Hamburg, Deckertown, Libertyville,
and Montague, to Milford, Pennsylvania.
From Pemberton, by Mount Holly and Bur-
lington, to Philadelphia.
From Pemberton, by Juliustown, to Johns-
town.
From Perth Amboy to New York.
From Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Camden,
New Jersey, Woodbury, Carpentei's Landing,
Barnsboro', Muliico Hill,Pineville, Pitt's Grove,
and Deerfield Street, to Bridgeton.
From Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Camden,
New Jersey, and Marlton, to Medford.
From Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Camden,
New Jersey, Gloucester City, Westville, Wood-
bury, Clarksboro', Sweedsboro', Sculltown,
Sharpstown, and Woodstown, to Salem.
From Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Camden,
New Jersey, Woodbury, Carpenter's Landing,
Glassboro', Sistersville, Franklinville, Malaga,
Millville, Port Elizabeth, Leesburg, Ewing's
Neck, East Creek, and Dennisville, to Maurice-
town.
From Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Camden,
New Jersey, Chew's Landing, Blackwoodtown,
Cross Keys, Tuckahoe, Dennisville, Goshen, Dias
Creek, Green Creek, Fishing Greek, aud Cold
Spring, to Cape Island.
From Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Camden,
New Jersey, Haddonfield, Glen Dale, Long-
acoming, Wmslow, Weymouth, May's Landing,
Bargaintown, Somer's Point, and Smith's Land-
ing, to Absecom.
From Philadelphia, by Camden, Ellisburg, and
Fellowship, to Mount Laurel.
From Philadelphia, by Camden, Palmyra, Bur-
lington, and Bordentown to Trenton.
From Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Camden,
New Jersey, Woodbury, Carpenter's Landing,
Muliico Hill, Harrisonville, Woodstown, Allo-
waystown, Roadstown,and Shiloh, to Greenwich.
From Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Camden#
New Jersey, Marlton, Medford, Sooy's Inn, and
Bass River Hotel, to Tuckerton.
From Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Camden,
Moorestown, New Jersey, and Rancocas, to
Mount Holly.
From Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Camden,
New Jersey, Marlton, Medford, and Vincent own,
to Pemberton.
From Philadelphia, by Camden, Palmyra, Bev-
erly, Burlington, Bordentown, Yardvilie, Wind-
sor, Hightstown, Spottswood, Old Bridge, South
Amboy, and Perth Amboy, to New York.
From Plainfield, by Warrenville and Milling-
ton, to Bfiskenridge.
From Princeton, by Plainsborough, Cranbury,
Hightstown, and Manalapan, to Freehold.
From Princeton, by Vanhiservilie, Dutch Neck,
and Windsor, to Hightstown.
From Princeton, by Blanenburg and Harligen,
to Griggstown.
From Rah way, by Woodbridge, to Perth Am-
boy.
