1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBjS.
1419
an act entitled " An act for the relief of Abigail !
Stafford." !
It provides that in making payment under the |
act of Congress entitled An act for the relief of j
Abigail Stafford," the Secretary of the Treasury
allow interest upon the sum appropriated, ac-
cording to the principles of equity and justice; that
is, at the rate which would have been allowed had
the amount been subscribed under the funding
system.
Mr. WALKER. I wish toproposean amend-
ment to the joint resolution to strikeout the words
" interest upon the sum appropriated by said act,
according to the principles of equity and justice;
that is, at the rate which would have been allowed
had the amount been subscribed under the fund-
ing system," and to substitute in lieu of them these
words: " interest at the rate of three per cent, from
the 4th day of July, 1778, to the day of the pas-
sage of said act.5' That is about the rate at which
interest would be allowed under the funding sys-
tem, if it had been provided for in the bill making
the original appropriation. Jn that bill the words
employed were that the claim should be paid
according to the principles of equity and justice.
The intention of the committee was, at that time,
that the amount should be paid according to the
terms proposed by my amendment; but when the
matter passed under the revision of the FirstComp-
troller of the Treasury, he decided that he would
not pay interest, according to the intention of the
committee. This resolution is explanatory of the
original act, and is to give the claimant the interest
at about the rate which would have been paid
under the funding system. If the resolution be
perfected m this form, I shall ask that the oiiginal '
report may be read, so that the Senate may judge ;
what it is.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear the re- j
port read. I
Mr. WALKER. In the case of this explana- ,
tory resolution no report was made; but upon the j
original claim there was a report, which I ask may !
now be read. I
The Secretary read the report referred to, from
which it appears that Abigail Stafford was the
daughter of Henry Smith, of Massachusetts, who
enlisted on the 19th of April, 1775, and served in
the ever memorable battle of Lexington, in which
he was wounded. He afterwards served fouryears
and eleven months during the war. On the 26th
of December, 1775, at Dorchester, he received a
certificate from the Secretary of State of Massa-
chusetts as a soldier; and he was at the battle of
White Plains, where he was stationed at an out-
post.
Thomas Bacon, the uncle of the petitioner,
served in the army, and was deprived of the use
of his feet. The father of the petitioner died from
wounds received m the service of the country,
leaving her an orphan, her patrimony consisting '
of $1,800 of Continental money, which, from its ,
depreciation, became wholly useless. On the 18th j
of April, 1777, her grandfather guided the troops j
to the battle of Lexington, and had five sons and j
five sons-in-law in that battle. The report also !
states that there is testimony to prove that she j
furnished supplies to the army by carding, spin- j
nmg, knitting, and making clothes for the soldiers, j
The committee recommended that the claimant;
should receive a pension; but thinking that a sum j
in gross would better meet her wants, they re-
ported a bill for that purpose i
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 should like to inquire how i
much was appropriated by the original bill. j
Mr. W ALKER. I think the amount was some-1
thins: like $1,800. !
Mr. BRIGHT. Then there is to be interest,
for seventy-five years, at thr&e per cent., allowed
on $1,800. I do not wish to be considered as op-:
posing the claim, but I shall vote against it. At ;
the time I had the honor of being the chairman ,
of the Committeeon Revolutionary Claims, I ex- j
amined and reported against it. I never could j
find facts to sustain the original allowance, to say ]
nothing of interest. I
Mr. TOOM BS. I have had no opportunity of j
looking into the facts, to see whether the original [
allowance was right or not; but if it was, I think >
this joint resolution is certainly right, though it
is upon a principle which has not been very gen-;
erally accepted on the part of some gentlemen j
here" It is precisely the principle of the Galphin i
claim—the allowance of interest on a demand I
originating in the Revolution for the particular or
general defense. There was a great clamor in
regard to that claim made by small politicians,
and 1 believe it is continued still in some pretty
respectable quarters; and it is contended that in-
terest ought not to be allowed on that class of
cases, i hold that it ought to be allowed in such
a case. I hold that it was just in that case, and
I hold that it is so in this. But I desire to state
the principle on which that case rested.
It was a debt assumed by one of the States of
this Union for the particular or general defense
during the Revolution, and on that ground it was
contended that it should bear interest. 1 believe
Virginia got one or two millions on the same prin-
ciple by an act parsed in 1832. If the onginal
debt in this case be right—and of that I know
nothing but from the fact of its allowance—it
seems to have been a debt created for the general
or particular defense of the United States during
the Revolution. That is the basis of it; and if it
be such a case, interest ought to be allowed. A
great deal of clamor was raised about the appli-
cation of the principle in the case to which 1 have
referred. 1 believe that many gentlemen even in
the public councils joined in it. Inasmuch as I
consider the principle to be a sound one, I shall
support this joint resolution, but I do not wish
anybody to vote for it with a misapprehension of
the principle upon which it is based.
Mr. BAYARD. The original bill, as I under-
stand the report of the committee, (I heard nothing
of it before,) rested on a state of facts, which are
rehearsed by the committee. They recommended
the granting of a pension to the daughter of a rev-
olutionary soldier, and then they recommended,
in lieu of that pension, that a gross sum should be
allowed. That bill passed, and the sum, of course,
is payable, and I suppose has been paid. Now
the attempt is to allow interest on that sum from
1778 down to the time of the passage of that bill.
Since I have been in this body, I have known,
repeatedly, cases where the allowance of interest
was rejected on claims quite as meritorious as this
in every respect. This is not the case of a debt.
It is a case where a pension was recommended to
be allowed to a party, and it is purely a gratuity.
1 cannot see how, in such a case, there is any
principle which would justify the allowance of in-
terest for seventy-five years. I shall, at all events,
ask for the yeas and nays on the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. EVANS. 1 desire to say merely that the
interest on this claim, as proposed to be allowed
by the amendment of the Senator fiom Wiscon-
sin, will amount to $4,050. So far as i have had
anything to do with these ancient claims since I
have been heie, 1 can say that inteiest has not
been allowed.
Mr. WALKER. The Constitution of the
United States provides that private property shall
not be taken for public use except upon the pay-
ment of a just and adequate consideration. I
cannot, for my life, see the distinction between
depriving a citizen directly of a thousand dollars
worth of property for the public use,-and doing
it indirectly, by using a sum which would, in in-
terest, equal that tunountthrough a given number
of years. The report which has been read was
made by a Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Jambs,] under the direction of the committee, some
two years ago. The committee, m examining
the case, found in its details some very peculiar
circumstances attending it. There seemed to be
a disposition on the part of this family to make
sacrifices that actually left them destitute, as it
were, of the means of support, for the rime being.
I think that the detail of the case will show that
thete was as great an amount of patriotism and
devotion shown as could be exhibited in the Rev-
olution. The advance of provisions, the manning
of boats, the taking of provisions, everything of
the kind entered into the case. No part of the
money was paid until the passage of the bill which
this resolution proposes to explain. Then I can-
not see why we may not, in justice in tins case,
under all the circumstances, allow this small sum
of interest, which would have been allowed if the
debt had been subscribed, as it might have been,
under the funding system.
Mr. BAYARD. Whether interest should be
allowed on tins claim or not, the committee give
no reasons for the allowance of it. Take their
report: it presents a state of facts which justified
the passage of the original bill, and no more; and
that in the shape of a gratuity. The result of
their judgment was that a pension ought to be al-
lowed to the child of a revolutionary officer; but
they substituted, in lieu of that, the recommenda-
tion of an allowance of a gross sum of money, and
m that shape the bill passed. They give no rea-
son why interest should beallowed. That question
is not touched. In regard to the resolution before
you, which claims the allowance of interest, I
take it for granted that the reason ought to be
given why no application was made to the Gov-
ernment before for a pension. You are now asked
to allow interest for a period of nearly seventy-
i five years, without any evidence whatever on
I which to base it. Why did not the party apply
| before, during the whole of that period of time,
! forthe paymentof the money? TheGovernment
| of the United States was amply capable of paying
• any sum, even if it were a gratuity. Surely there
i has always been ample disposition to extend to
revolutionary soldiers and their descendants every
relief which could be rightfully claimed for them.
1 have never seen any indisposition to do that.
And if the neglect of the parties themselves pre-
vented the application being made to the Govern-
ment forthe payment of the claim, either as a
gratuity or a debt, on what principle can they
come forward, and ask for seventy-five years' in-
terest, while the money wrfs lying in the Treasury,
out of which they might have been paid, if it had
not been for their own negligence? No reason
is given on the face of the report why interest
should be paid in this case.
The amendment was agreed to; the resolution
was reported to the Senate as amended, and the
amendment was concurred in.
On the question of ordering the joint resolution
to be engrossed for a third reading, Mr. Bay-
ard called for the yeas and nays; and they were
ordered, arrd being taken resulted—yeas 13, nays
25; as follows:
Yl'JAS—Mt'strs Podgp of Wisconsin, Foot, Gillette,
Houston, .Limes, Rockwell, Rusk, Sebasiian, Tliotn pson
of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Wade,
ami Walker—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Benjamin, Bright,
Brown, Chase, Clay, Dawson, Dod^e of Iowa, Douglas,
Evans, Fessendeu, Fish, Filzpairick, Gwm, Hamlin,
Hmiter, Johnson, Norris, Pearce, Seward, Siidell, Stuart,
Toucey, and Williams—25.
So the joint resolution was rejected.
ADDITIONAL CIRCUIT.
Mr. GWIN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill in ad-
dition to an act approved March 3, 1837, entitled
" An act supplemental to an act entitled 4 An ac-
to amend the judicial system of the United
States;' " which was rea i, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. GWIN. The bill is to establish another
judicial circuit, composed of the State of Califor-
nia, and the Territories of Oregon and Washing-
ton. Inasmuch as the Committee on the Judiciary
have acted on the subject, 1 move that the bill be
printed, and it can go on the Calendar. I give
notice that i shall, at an early day, call it up for
consideration.
The motion to print was agreed to.
JOSHUA CHAMBERLAIN.
On motion by Mr. WADE, the Senate, asm
| Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
! the bill for the relief of* the heirs of Captain
! Joshua Chamberlain, deceased.
| It proposes to direct that there be paid to the
j heirs of Joshua Chamberlain, deceased, late a
i captain in the Army of the Revolution, an amount
j equal to the half pay of a captain from the end of
; the war to Chamberlain's death, on the first of
I January, 1812; and nlso to authorize the issue of
i a warrant to his heirs for such bounty land as
| they are entitled to in virtue of his services,
i The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. BAYARD. I move that when the S.enate
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. DOUGLAS. T trust not. I hope we may
get through to-morrow with the discussion of the
veto message, so as to go on with the homestead
bill, and other matters of importance.
