1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
From Salem, by Roadstown, toBridgeton.
From Schooley's Mountain, by Beatyestown,
Hackettstown, Drakes town, Flanders, and Suck-
astinny, to Dover.
From Somerville, by Weston, Millstone,Griggs-
town, Rocky Hill, and Kingston, to Princeton.
From Somerville, by Pluckemin, to New Ger-
mantown.
From Somerville, by Pluckemin, Lesser Cross
Roads, to Peapack.
From Somerville, by North Branch, White
House, Lebanon, Clinton, Perryville, Bethlehem,
Bloomsburgh, and Still Valley, to Easton, Penn
FromTrenton, toPrincetown, by Laurenceville.
From Trenton, by Allentown, imlaystown,
Downsville, to Manchester.
From Trenton, by Lawrenceville, to Penning-
ton.
From Trenton, by Yardville, Crosswicks, Al-
lentown, Hightstown, Cranberry, and English-
town, to Freehold.
From Trenton, by Yardleyville, Greensburg,
Taylorsville, Titusville, Brownsburg, Lamberts-
ville, New Hope, Stockton, Centre Bridge, Lum-
berville, Raven Rock, Point Pleasant, Pennsyl-
vania, French Town, Erwinna, Upper Black-
Eddy, Milford, Holland, Carpentersville, Rei-
glesville, Uhlersville, Phillipsburg, to Easton.
From Trenton, by Titusville, Lambertsville,
Prallsville, Sergeantsville, Kingwood, Baptist
Town, Frenchtown, Mount Pleasant, and Little
York, to Bloomsbury.
From Trenton, by Pennington, Woodsville,
Bingoes, Weartsville, Rearville, Flemington,
Klinesville, Q,uakertown,Putstown, Sidney, Clin-
ton, Clarksville, and New Hampton, to Mans-
field.
From Trenton, Greensburgh, Yardleyville,
Taylorsville, Titusville, Brownsburg, LamOerts-
ville, Raven Rock, to Milford.
From Tuckahoe, by Petersburg, Seaville, and
Townsend Inlet, to Cape May.
From Tcirkey, by Bergen Iron Works, to
Tom's River.
From Tuttle's Corner, by Bevan's, Wallpack
Centre, to Flatbrookville.
From Upper Black's Eddy, Pennsylvania, by
Milford, New Jersey, Mount Pleasant, Everitts-
town, Pittstown, and Sidney, to Clinton.
From Washington, by Taylor's Mill, Karrs-
ville, Fuming, and Beaty's Mills, to Vienna.
From West Bloomfield, by Meade's Basin and
Pompton Plains, to Pompton.
From White House to New Germantown.
From White House to Flemington.
From Winslow, by Balsto, Green Bank, and
New Gretna, to Tuckerton.
Pennsylvania.—From Aaronsburg, by Rebers-
bur^, Logan Mills, and Sugar Valley, to Salona.
From Agnew's Mills, by Emlenton,Big Bend,
Clintonville, Centretown, Irishtown, to Mercer.
From Agnew's Mills, by Porterfield and Rock-
land, to Cranberry.
From Agnew's Mills, by Lamartine and Five
Points, to Cass.
From Allen to Boiling Spring.
From Allentown, by Centre Valley, Friedens-
ville, Bethlehem, and Hecktown, to Nazareth.
From Allentown, by Catasauqua andLaubach,
to Cherryville.
From Allentown, by South Whitehall, Fogles-
ville, Grimville, Klinesville, Hamburg, and Sh'art-
leyville, to Rehrersburg.
From Allentown, by Orefield,to Schnecksville.
From Allentown, by Bucksville, North White-
hall, Triecklersville.Statington, Lehigh Gap, Par-
rysville, Lehighton, Mauch Chunk, Lausanne,
Beaver Meadows, Hazleton, Syburtsville, Co-
nyngham, Sloyersville, and Neseopeck, to Ber-
wick.
From Allentown, by Millerstown, Schimers-
ville, Upper Milford, Claytonville, Schultzville,
Buckset's Store, New Berlin, and Oystertown, to
Pottstown.
From Albert's, by Dorrance and Hobbie, to
Wapwallopen, in the county of Luzerne.
From Andesville.by Centre, Andersonburg,and
Blain, to New Germantown.
From Athens, by Litchfield, to Windham.
From Athens, by EastSmithfield, North Spring-
field, and Springfield, to Troy.
From Attleboro,' by Oxford Valley and Falls-
ington, to M orrisville.
From Avondale, by Chesterville, Chandlersville,
and Mermaid, (Delaware,) to Staunton.
From Bear Gap, by Elysburg, to Danville.
From Beaver, by Unionville, to Zelienople.
From Bedford, by Shellsburg, Mount Worth,
Stoyestown, Jenner's Cross Roads, Laughlin-
town, Ligonier, and Youngstown, to Latrobe.
From Bedford, by Pattonsville, Woodbury,
Martinsburg, and Springfield Furnace, to Wil-
liamsburg.
From Bedford, by St. Clair, Sarah, East Free-
dom, and Newry, to Hollidaysburg.
From Bedford, by Cumberland Valley, to Cum-
berland, (Maryland.)
From Berlin, by Myer's Mills, Summit Mills,
and Elk Lick, to Grantsville, (Maryland.)
From Berlin,by Shanksville, Buckstown,Shade
Furnace, and Scalp Level, to Johnston.
From Berrysburg, by Pillow, to Dalmatia.
From Bethlehem, by Shoenersville, Weaver-
ville, and Kreidersville, to Cherryville.
From Bellefonte, to Clearfield, by Snow-Shoe,
Kylertown, and Grahamton.
From Bellefonte, by Walker, Howard, and
Beech Creek, to Mill Hall.
From Bellefonte, by Fillmore, Buffalo Run,
Half Moon, and Centre Line, to Warrior's Mark.
From Bellefonte, by Milesburg, Fleming, Mor-
risville, Woodland, and Clearfield, to Curwins-
ville.
From Bellefonte, by Milesburg, Snow-Shoe,
Karthaus, Caledonia, Kersey's, Ridgeway, Wil-
hamsville, and Clermontville, to Smithport.
From Berrysburg to Pillow.
From Berwick, by Nescopeck, to Mifflinville.
From Berwick, by Towlersville, Orangeville,
Rohrsburg, Greenwood, and Millville, to Jersey-
town.
From Berwick, by Founderville, FishingCreek,
New Columbus, and Cambria, to Fairmount
Springs.
From Birmingham, by Tyrone, Smith's Mills,
Glen Hope, and Fruit Hill, to Curwinsville.
From Bloomsburg, by Light Street, Orange-
ville, and Pealer's, to Cambria.
From Bloomsburg, by Buckhorn and Jersey-
town, to White Hall.
From Bloomsburg, by Mordansvilie, Millville,
Chesnut Grove, and Moreland, to Muncy.
From Boston to Stroudsburg.
From Bloody Run, by Clearville, Robinson-
ville, and Warfordsburg, to Hancock, (Mary-
land.)
From Bloody Run, by Hopewell, Six Mile
Run, Broadtop, Eagle Foundry,Todd, Cassville,
and Calvin, to Mill Creek.
From Blossburg, by Covington, Mansfield,
Tioga, Lawrenceville, Lindleytown, and Erwin
Centre, to Corning.
From Blue B H to White Marsh.
From Brady's Bend, by Baldwin and North
Hope, to Anandale.
From Brighton, by Irish Ripple and Marvin,
to Mount Jackson.
From Bristol, by Falsington and Centreville, to
Yardleyville.
From Brookville, by Dalmatia, Worthville,
and Ringold, to Smicksburg.
From Brookville, by Warsaw, Alvan, Brock-
wayville, and Hellen, to Ridgeway.
From Brooksville, by Clarington, to Maron-
ville.
From Brownington, by Harrisville and West-
ley, to Franklin.
From Burnt Cabin, by Fort Littleton, Mad-
dersville, Three Springs, Cassville, Paradise,
Furnace, Coffee Run, James's Creek, and Con-
nellstowp, to Huntington.
-From Burtville, by Williston, Annin Creek,
and Glen, to Ceres.
From Butler, by Evansburg, Zelienople, and
Buhl's Store, to New Brighton.
From Butler, by Mount Chesnut, Prospect,
Whitestown, Breakneck,Zelienople, Middle Lan-
caster, Portersville, and Princeton, to Newcastle.
From Butler, by Coultersville, Anandale, Mur-
rinsville, Clintonville, and East Sandy,to Frank-
lin.
From Butler, by Barnhart's Mills, Baldwin,
and Bruin, to Lawrenceburg.
From Butler, by Whitestown, Prospect, Por-
tersville, and Princeton, to Newcastle.
From Butler, by Petersburg, Evansburg, Break-
neck, and Zelienople, to New Brighton.
From By berry to Holmesburg,
From Caledonia, by Benezett, Hicik's Runi to
Second Fork.. . I- \ .
From Cambra, by Benton, Polk.ville, ah#
Lairdsville, to Muncy., ; • . ;
FromCampton, by Herrick, HerrickvjHe, Sooth
Hill, Orwell, North Orwell, West Windham,
Nicholas, New Yoi-k, and Canfield Corners, to
Smithboro', New York.
From Canton, by Le Roy, Wegjt Franklin,
Franklin Dale, and Monroeton, to Towanda. ;
From Canton, by Union, to Liberty.
From Carbondale, by Archibald, Blakely, Dun-
more, and Scranton, to Hyde Park.
From Carbondale, by Green Grove, Waverly,
Wallsville, Fleetsville, and Greenville, to Carbon-
dale.
From Carlisle, by Oak Grove Furnace, Lan-
disburg, Elliottsburg, New Bloomfield, New Port,
and Petersburg, to Benvenue.
From Carlisle, by White House, Dickinson,
Walnut Bottom, ana Lee's Cross Roads, to Ship-
pensburg.
From Carlisle, by Mount Rock, to Stoughs-
town.
From Catawissa, by Maineville and Beaver
Valley, to Catawissa Valley.
From Catfish, by Furnace, Stant's Store, to
Callensburg.
From Centre Valley, by Friendville, Seiderq-
vitle, Bethlehem,and Hocktown, to Nazareth.
From Chambersburg, by Saint Thomas, Lou-
don, McConnellsburg, Harrisonviile, Rag's Hill,
Juniata Crossings, and Bloody Run, to Bedford.
From Chambersburg, by Marion and Green
Castle, to Hagerstown, Maryland.
From Chambersburg, by Jackson Hall and
Q,uincy, to Waynesboro'.
From Chambersburg, by Keefer's Store, Upper
Strasburg, Fannettsburg, Burnt Cabins, Shade
Gap, Orbisonia, Shirleysburg, and Vineyard
Mills, to Mount Union.
From Christiana, by Smyrna, May, Gluarry-
ville, and Mechanics' Grove, to Chesnut Level.
From Christiana, by Smyrna, Bart May, and
Q.uarryville, to Buck. _
From Christiana to Chesnut Level.
From Clara, by Oswego, to Ellisburg.
From Clarion, by Limestone, Phoenix, Olney
Furnace, Smicksburg, Plumville, Chambersville,
and Plainville, to Indiana.
From Clarion, by Luanda Furnace and Tylers-
burg, to Tionesta.
From Clearfield, by Pennfield, to Caledonia.
From Clearfield to Grahamton.
From Clearfield, by Frenchville, to Karthaus.
From Clifford to Lenox.
Frorn Cochranville to Parkesburgh.
From Columbia, by Washington and Highvilie,
to Safe Harbor.
From Columbia, by Marietta, Maytown, Bain-
bridge, Falmouth, and Portsmouth, to Middle-
town.
From Columbia Cross Roads, by Havensville,
Edsaville, and Old Hickory, to French Mills.
From Columbus, by Stewart, Cook, to Spar-
tansburg. •
From Columbus, by Carter Hill, to Wattsburg.
From Connellsville, by Elin, New Lexington,
and Gebharts, to Berlin.
From Conneautville, by Penn Line, to Steam-
burg.
From Corbettsville, by Conklin Centre and
Shawsville, New York, to Binghampton.
From Covington, by Cherry Flats, to Wells-
boro'.
From Cowdersport, by Hebron, Clara, Mill-
port, and Sharon Centre, to Ceres.
From Cowdersport, by Colesburg, Ellisburg,
and Genesee Fork, to Wellsville, New York.
From Cowdersport, by Nelsonport, Carter
Camp, Kettle Creek, and Haneyvilie, to Jersey
Shore.
From Cowdersport, by Colesburg, to Ulysses.
From Cowdersport, by Homer, North Whar-
ton, Wharton,and First Fork, to Sirinsmahoning.
From Cross Roads, by Union, Chanceford,
Lower Chanceford, and Castle Fin, to Peach Bot-
tom.
From Cumberland,Maryland, by Barrcellville,
WellersviHs, Wittenburg, Berlin, Somerset, La-
vansville, Bakersville, Jones's Mills, Donnegal,
Laurelville, Mount Pleasant, McKean's, Old
Stand, Mendon, West Newton, Gambles, Mo«
