710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2%
tion to the officers, not the rank and file of the*
Army.
Now, Mr. President, no one has attacked the
West Point Military Academy. Every one who j
has referred to that institution has done so in
friendly and complimentary terms. We are not
now called on to pass upon the merits of the Mil-
itary Academy. The question before us is that of
increasing its numbers, and to that point should
the argument be directed; and surely no one has
begun to answer the cogent objections stated by
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] who is
the well-known, sincere, and able friend both of
the Military Academy and of the Army.
Now, Mr. President, I have noticed that when-
ever there is a proposition to appropriate half a
million dollars for the Collins steam line, or any
other line, or any other magnificent object of ex-
penditure, we have eulogiums upon steam and its
advantages—such as we have to-day had upon
West Point and its benefits. It will be time
enough for those matters to be brought into the
debate when they shall be attacked, or their bene-
fits denied.
Mr. President,-the tendency of all our legisla-
tion is to excess; immaterial what it is we under-
take, we are almost certain to overdo it. The
Military Academy is now doing well, and for one,
I say, listen to the wise counsel of the experienced
Senator from Michigan, and let i(s organization
alone. Increase the pay of its cadets, as that is
shown to be necessary, but do not inciease their
number. The result of the proposed increase, if
it should prevail, will, in an eminent degree, be to
revive in the minds of the people those prejudices
against this institution which existed in the minds
of the people anterior to the war with Mexico.
The scramble for these sixty-two places of a life
tenure, will at once cause the people to examine
into its nature and organization, and the princi-
ples upon which its appointments are made; and
the more they do so, the more, in my judgment,
will they become dissatisfied with it. The num-
ber which can be appointed will be so few, as
compared with the applicants, that discontent will
be excited all over the country, which will show
itself in a variety of forms, not now imagined,
and ^ill ultimately lead to the overthrow of the
institution. That will be the effect of it, I fear.
TheSenator from Maryland [Mr. Pearce] made
an attack upon the President of the United States
for the manner in which he had exercised the right
to designate the "ten" cadets appointed 4 'at large."
I think he charged that it was calculated to rear or
support a military aristocracy. How differently
do different persons view the same act! 1 regarded
the President's course in the selection of the ten
cadets, to which that Senator refers, as an act of
sheer justice to the sons of persons whose lives
have been spent in the service of their country. I
happened to be with a member from the other
House from Ohio, [Mr. Couwin,] when soon after
the commencement of the present session, he waited
upon the President to recommend a youth from
his district. I had a like duty to perform for a
constituent of mine. The President candidly,and
at once, informed us that he could not appoint
either of the young men whose names we presented
to him, and for the reason that he had made up his
mind to select the " ten'' from among the sons of
those officers who had lost their lives in the service
of the country. He remarked that the representa-
tive from each Congressionaldistrict had the selec-
tion of a cadet, but that they rarely, if ever, nomi-
nated the son of an officer, for the reason that they
seldom remained sufficiently long in any place to
give them any claims upon themember. tlesaid,
he thought the ten appointments were given to
him that he might have an opportunity to appoint
some of the sons of those oflireis of the A rmy who
had fallen in battle, and whose poor and wid-
owed mothers were soliciting him to do so, or
the sons of officers, who, if living, have from their
situation and circumstances no local habitation or
political influence. Mr. Corwin and myself at
once agreed that he was right, although his de-
cision excluded our constituents. We could not,
in our hearts, think that those whom we piesent-
ed, deserved a preference over the offspring of
such men as Worth, Martin, Scott, Mcintosh,
Hooe, and a host of others who have passed the
greater part of their lives on the confines of the
Republic, and without the limits of congressional ;
districts or political influences—persons the bare i
mention of whose names causes the recollection
of their heroic deeds to rush back upon the mem-
ory of every American—men whose bodies were
scared all over upon our battle-fields, from the
war of 1812 to that of-Mexico. The conduct of
the President in providing for the children of some
of the officers to whom 1 allude meets the approba-
tion both of my head and heart.
Mr. PEARCE. I am not willing to have it
supposed that I intended to make an attack upon
the President. I think that I disclaimed such an
intention. I meant to assign a reason why we
should not enlarge his patronage in this respect. I
had noticed that all hid appointments were made
from the sons of military or naval officers^ and I
thought that if the number of cadets were increased
by the addition of sixty-two in the course of four
years, and the appointments were not given to
Senators, but to the Executive, the probability was
that there would be too much of that sort of pat-
ronage which, at the present time, the President
extends to the sons of military men; for he can
have no personal knowledge of the merits and
capacities of those who may be urged upon him
for these places at West Point; he must be gov-
erned, either as he is governed now, by reference
to the claims, real orsuppused,ofmilitary men, or
by political influence, winch will press upon him,
as we know it does very often in every department
of the public service. He is not to be reproached,
because he cannot have the personal information
which we shall have, and must be liable either to
one or other of the influences which 1 have men-
tioned. However, sir, if I said anything which
reflects injuriously upon the President in regard
to these appointments, I qualify it, and desire it
to be understood that 1 do not censure him for the
selections which he has made, but only wish to
avoid the extension of the principle of those selec-
tions. A few of these cadetcies may quite prop-
erly be bestowed m consideration of the high mil-
itary merit of the patent m addition to the fitness
of the son, but the great majority should be taken
from other walks ot life.
I desire to make one other remark, if the Sena-
tor will allow me, which I ought to have made
before, and which has been called to my attention
by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.J
The President now appoints ten cadets every year,
or forty in four years. The members of the
House of Representatives appoint two hundred
and thirty-three every four years, so that the pat-
ronage of the President i3 more than one sixth of
that of the House of Representatives. That is a
very large proportion to assign to the sons of mil-
itary men, and it should not be increased.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Theie the Senator
and I dilFer entirely. I think that the President
did precisely right, and that if it is necessary to
increase the number of cadets at the Military
Academy, they should be at the disposal of the
President, to be given to those boys whose fathers
are engaged in the Army, and are thus without, I
may say, a local habitation—certainly without
political influence with the Representative of any
Congressional district. The Senator of course
knows with what views and for jvhat purposes
he animadverted upon the conduct of the Pres-
ident in this matter. He referred to the fact that
appointments had just been made, and had been
bestowed, without one exception, upon the class
of persons named by him; and differing from him
as 1 do, respecting the propriety of the selections
made by the President, I could not allow his re-
maiks to go unanswered.
I will not detain the Senate further on this sub-
ject. But there are some other recommendations
of the Secietary of War, which I want attended
to. I think my friend from Illinois has a bill be-
fore us to increase the rank and file of the Army.
This is needed to protect the people out in New
Mexico, Oregon, California, Iowa and Nebraska,
and I shall vote for that bill with great pleasure.
I My friend from Illinois, I am aware, is laboring
: efficiently for the good of the public service, and
i especially that branch which has been confided to
: lum. I will vote for the bill to increase the rank
j and file of the Army, but not the officers, when
j we are now turning them off at the rate of two
, hundred and forty-three every four years.
Mr. SHIELDS. Do 1 undeistand my honor-
able friend to say that heio in favor of this bill, ex-
cept the sertion proposed to be stricken out?
Mr. DODGE. I am.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS. Let the section which is pro
posed to be stricken out be read.
It was read, as follows:
Sec. 9. Jlnd be U farther enae'ed, That in addition to
the number of cadets authorized by the existing laws, there
shall he appointed two from each State, upon the recom-
mendation of the respective Senators,
Mr. PRATT. The first question will be, I
suppose, upon the amendment which I proposed
to the amendment.
• Mr. BADGER. The Senator from Maryland
moved to strike out the last words of the section,
" upon the recommendation of the respective Sena-
tors." The question will first be upon that.
Mr. SHIELDS. I desire to say, so that the
Senate may understand it, that if the amendment
of the Senator from Maryland is agreed to, the
I effect will be to authorize the appointment of sixty-
two additional cadets, and leave the selection to
the President, so that he may select them from
one State, or two, or three. The selection as it
stands gives the small States the same chance as
the large ones.
Mr. PRATT. I do not want the amendment
to be misunderstood. Its effect will be to leave
the appointments without any mode specified for
the making of them. It will give rise to a subse-
quent arrangement, and if none is made the ap-
pointments will be left to the President.
Mr. CLAYTON. There appears to be some
difficulty in regard to which amendment the ques-
tion will first be taken upon. If 1 understand it,
the motion first made was to strike out the ninth
section. Then a motion was made to strike out
the last words of the section. Upon which does
the Chair state the question is to be first taken ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Upon the
amendment to strike out the last words.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Pratt's amendment to the amendment, re-
sulted—yeas 6, nays 32; as follows:
YE —Messrs. Brodhead, Cass, Dodge of Iowa, Evans,
Pratt, and Sumner—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Atchison, Badger, Bay-
ard, Bell, Brown, Butler, Clayton, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Fish, Fiup.itnck, Geyer, Gwin, Hamlin, James, Jones of
Tennesson, Mason, Morton, Norns*, lVaree, Pettit, Rusk,
Shields, Slidcli, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Wade,
Walker, VVellcr, Williams,and Wright—32.
So it was rejected.
The question recurring on the amendment to
strike out the section, it was taken by yeas and
nays, and resulted—yeas 13, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Brodhead, Cass, Dodee of
Iowa, Evans, Hamlin, Norris, Petut, Pratt, Shdell, Stuart,.
Sumner, and Williams—13.
NAYS—MesM.s. Allen. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Bell,
Brown, Butler, Clayton, Dodge of Wisconsin, Fish, Fitz-
patnek, (ioyei, Gwin, Janice,"Jones of Tennessee, Mason,
Morton. Pearce, Rusk, Shields, Thompson ot Kentucky,.
Wade, Walker, Weller,and Wnjiht—25.
No further amendment being proposed, the bill
' was reported to the Senate as amended. The
: amendment made yesterday as in Committee of
! the Whole was concurred in, and the bill was
J ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and,
| being read a third time, was passed,
j MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
| A message was rcccived from the House of
[ Representatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, an-
; nouncing that the House had passed a bill t5 au-
! thorize the school commissioners of the fractional
; township No. 1, range No. 10 east, in Alabama,
: to locate one half section of land for school pur-
| poses.
} HOMESTEAD B-ILL—EXECUTIVE SESSION,
j Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate proceed
! to the consideration of Executive business.
! Mr. WALKER. We have had a special order
on the Calendar since Monday last, and each day
I have attempted to get it up. It is the bill com-
monly known as the homestead bill. I do not
know what its friends propose, but for my own
part, I am willing and anxious, as soon as I can,
to take it up and have it acted upon according to
the order which the Senate has made, if, how-
evei, I can get any expression from the friends of
the bill, that they desire its postponement until
we can get thtough with the Executive business,
I am willing to coincide with that opinion; but!
