2278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
.nongahela City, Ginger Hill, Dunningsville,
Clokey, Washington, Claysville, Coon island,
West Alexander, and Triadelphia, Virginia, to
Wheeling.
From Curlsville, by Limestone and Kingsville,
to Corsica.
From Cushingville, by Ulysses and Turner
Creek,to Spring Mills, New York.
From Curwinsville, by Luthersburg,Reynolds-
Tille, Brookville, Corsica, Strattonsville, Clarion,
Shippenville, Kossuth, Cass, Cranberry, Frank-
lin, Canal, and Cochranville, to Meadville.
From Danville, by Washingtonville, Turble-
■ville, Muncy, and Monturesville, to Williamsport.
From Danville, by Moorsburg arid Potts Grove,
to Milton.
From Deposit, New York, by Hales Eddy,
Scott, Pennsylvania, and Straucca,to Thompson.
From Donaldson, by Lower Mahantango, Sac-
ramento, Gratz, and Berrysburg, to Millersburg.
From Doylestown, by Buckingham, Pineville,
Wrightstown, Newton, Attleboro", Hulmesville,
and Newportsville, to Bristol.
From Doylestown, by Line Lexington, Fran*
conia, Kulpsville, Union Square, and Skippack,
to Trappe.
From Doylestown, by Mechanicsville and Car-
versville, to Centre Bridge.
From Doylestown, by Dublin, Strawntown,
Q,uakertown, Richlandtown, and Pleasant Valley,
to Spnngtown.
From Dover, by Rossville, Lewisberry, Lis-
burn, and Sidonsburg, to Mechamcsburg.
From Duncannon, by Benvenue, New Buffalo,
Montgomery's Ferry, Liverpool, MeKees Half
Falls, Chapman, Selin's Grove, Keensvtlle, and
Sunbury, to Northumberland.
From Dundaff, through the townships of Her-
rick and Thompson, to Lanesboro\
From Dunningsville, by Muntown, Bower Hills,
Thompsonville, and Upper St. Clair, to Heruottw-
ville.
From Eaat Berlin, by Hall, Bermudian, Frank-
lintown, to Dillsburg.
From East Berlin, by Bermudian and Frank-
lintown, to Dillsburg. <
From East Berlin to Abbotstown.
From Eaton, by West Eaton, Mehoopany,
Scottsville, North Flat, Sugar Run, Terrytown,
Asylum, and Durell, to Towanda.
From Easton, by Martin's Creek, Middaushs,
Richmond, Stone Church, Mount Bethel, New
Jersey, State Ford, Pennsylvania, Dutotsburg,
Experiment Mills, Stroudsburg, Marshall Creek,
Coolbaughs, Bushkill, Delaware, and Dingman's
Ferry, to Milfoid.
From Easton, by Stockerton, Belfast, Wind
Gap, Sluttersville, KellersviMe, Snydersville, Bar-
tonsville, Tannersville, Stanhope, Spruce Grove,
Sterling:, Hamilton, Ariel, and Cherry Ridge, to
Honesdale.
From Easton, by Nazareth, Jacobsburg, Wind
Gap, Sluttersville, Brodheadville, Elfoit, Mer-
wingsburg, Soxviile, Stoddartsville, Beaumont,
and Bear Creek, to Wilkesbarre.
From Easton, by But7.town, Freemansburs;,
Bethlehem, Rittersville, Allentown, Wercosville,
Trexlertown, Breinigsville, Monterey, Kutztown,
Moslem, and Maiden Creek, to Reading.
From Easton, by Bath, Petersville, Newhards,
Cherryville, Lehigh Gap, Berlmville, Parrygville,
Weisport, and Lehigluon, to Mauch Chunk.
From Easton, by lower Saucon and Stouts, to
Hellerstown.
From Easton, by Boston to Mount Bethel.
From Ebensburg, by Belsano, Strongstown,
Indiana, Schlocta, Elderton, Blanket-Hill, Kit-
taning, Worthington, and Coyleville, to Butler.
From Ebensburg, by Loretta, Chess Springs,
Three Roads, Fallen Timber, and Roseland, to
Smith's Mills.
From Ebensburg, by Carrolltown,to Newman's
Mills.
From Economy, by New Scottsville, Sheffield,
Seventy-Six, and Service, to Hookstown.
From Elkland, by Nelson, to Lawrenceville.
From Elderton, by South Bend, West Leba-
non, and Clarksburg, to Blairsville.
From Elliottsburer, by Roseburg, Ickesburg,
and Port Royal, to Mifflintown.
From Elkland, by Farmington, to Crooked
Creek.
From Enon Valley, by Mount Jackson, Edin-
■burg, HUIsville,ard Loweilsville, Ohio, to Poland,
From Enterprise, by Gruflfa Store, Bareville,
and Vogansville, to Hmkleton.
From Enon Valley, by Mount Jackson, Cross
Cut, Newcastle, Neshonack, and New Wilming-
ton, to Mercer.
From Equinunk to Preston. ^ ;
From Erie, by McKean, Well'sCorners, Edin- |
boro!, Venango, and Selgarstown, to Meadville. ]
From Euers, by Yocumtown, to Newberry- |
town. 1
From Fairmount Springs to Dushore. |
From Fairview to Edinboro\ # |
From Falls of Schuylkill, by Leverington, to ;
Barren Hills.
From Fannettsburg, by Dry Run, Spring Run, \
Doylesburgh, Concord, Waterloo, Peru Mills, J
East Waterford,Beale's Mills,McCulloch's Mills, I
McCoysville, Pleasant View, Spruce Hill, Acade- j
mia, Walnut, and Patterson, to Miffiintown. (
From Fannettsburg, by Dry Run, Concord, j
Waterloo, East Waterford, McOuiloch's Mills, |
Tuscarora Vallev, Academia, Walnut, Mifflin* |
town, Oakland Mills, McAlisterville, Richfield,
Mount Pleasant Mills, and Freeburg, to Selin's ;
Grove. j
From Fleming, by Julianr Furnace and Martha ■
Furnace, to Halt Moon. j
From Foglesville, by Weisenburg, Seibeiiing- j
ville, Lynnville,New Tripoli, Jacksonville, West j
Penn, Kepners, and McKeansburg, to Orwigs- j
burg. j
From Foglesville, by Clausville, Lowhill, Sae- i
gersville, and East Penn, to Lehightown. I
From Foglesville, by Trexlertown, Macungie, i
Zionsville, Hereford, Pennsbury, Schwenck's j
Store, Perkiomen Bildge, Fairview Village, and !
Jeflersonville, to Morristown. j
From Franklin, by Polk, Henderson, Perrine, I
Mercer, Clark, Hermitage, Noith West, Middle-
sex, Sharon, Brookfield, Vienna, and Howlarid,
to Wairen.
From Fountain Spring, by Roaring Creek and
Catawissa, to Blooinsburg.
From Franklin, by Utica, French Creek, New
Lebanon, New Vernon, Exchangeville, Salem,
West Greenville, and Orangeville, Ohio, to Hart-
ford.
From Franklin, through Cranberry and Pine
Grove Townships, by Ciinton Furnace and Try-
burg, to Tylersburg.
From Franklin, by Cooperstown, Sunville,
Wallaceville, Dempseytown, Cherry Tree, Titus-
ville, Oil Creek, CenterviHe, BloomBeld, and
Union Mills, to Waterford.
From Franklin, by Cornplanter, Plumnr, Tyr-
rell, Perry, Steam Mills, Tedioute, and Irvine, to
Warren.
From Frederick, by New Hanover, Gilberts-
ville, Bogerstown, Mauatawing, Lobacksville,and
New Jerusalem, Dryville, to Kutztown.
From Freemansburg, by LowerSaucon,Stouta,
Spnngtown, Bursonville, Bedminhter, and Dub-
lin, to Doylestown.
From Friedensville to Hellerstown.
From Friedensburg to Schuykill Haven.
From Friendsville. by Middleton Centre, Jack-
son Valley, and Warren Center, to South War-
ren.
From Gibson, by Herrick Centre, Union Dale,
Pleasant Mount, Rock Lake, and Preston, to
Scokport Station, New York.
From Greensburg, by Pleasant Unity, Mount
Pleasant, Pennsville, Connellsville, and Wood-
vale, to Uniontown.
From Greensburg, by Harrison City and Mur-
rysville, to Logan's Ferry.
From Greensburg, by New Alexandria, Salts-
bur^, Clarksburg, and Kent, to Indiana.
From Greensburg to West Newton.
From Gettysburg, by Mumenasburg, Arents-
viile, Bigler, Bendersville, Menallen, and Table
Rock, to Gettysburg.
From Gettysburg, by Hunterstown and New
Chester, to Hampton.
From Gettysburg, by Fairfield, Fountain Dale,
Waynesboro', and Leitersburg, Maryland, to
Hagerstown.
From Glen Rock, by Hanover Junction and
Porter's Seidling and Smith's Station, to Han-
over.
From Gordonsville, by Intercourse, to Hat.
From Gratz, by Klingerstown and Rough and
Ready, to Upper Mahantango.
From Halifax to Fisherville.
From Hamburg, by Albany and Featherolps-
ville, to Lynnville.
From Hamlinton, by Canaan, to Waymart.
From Hamlinton, by Moscow, to Dalesville,
From Harrisonville, by Dublin Mills, to Orbis-
onia.
From Harford,by Montrose Depot, Montrose?
Forest Lake, St. Joseph's, Friendville,
Little Meadows, by Warrenham and Apalachm,
to Owego, New York.
From Hanover, by MeShersytown and Bun-
oughystown, to Gettysburg.
From Harrisburg, by Shepherdstown, Dills-
burg, York Sulphur Springs, and Hiedlersburg,
to Gettysburg,
From Harrisburg, by Dauphin and Pine Grove,
to Auburn.
From Harrisburg, by Lisburn,to Lewisberry,
From Harrisburg, by Shirernaotown, Mechan-
icsburg, Carlisle, Plainfield, Newville, Oakville*
Shippenburg, and Scotland, to Chambersburg.
From Harrisburg, by Susquehanna, Dauphin,
Powel's Valley, and Halifax, to Millersburg.
From Harrisburg, by Singlestown, Manada
Hill, West Hanover, East Hanover, Sheltyer-
ville, Jonestown, and Frederick&burg, to rine
Grove.
From Harrisburg, by White Hill and Lis-
burne, to Lewisberry.
From Hereford, by Long Swamp and Kutz«
ville, to Kutatown.
From Hillsgrove, by Shunk, to Canton.
From Harrisburg, by Duncannon, Baileys-
burg, Newport, Millerstown, Thompsontown,
Mexieo, Port Royal, Miifiintown, Paterson,
Lewistown, Strode's Mills, McVeyton, Newton,
Hamilton, Mount Union, Mapleton Depot, Mill
Creek, Huntingdon,Shaver's Creek, Barre Forge,
Alexandria, Spruce Creek, Union Furnace, Bir-
mingham, Tyrone, Antestown, Frankstown, Tip*
ton, Fostoria, Altoona, Duncansville, Hollidays-
buig, Summit, Portage, Wilmore, Summer Hill,
Johnstown, Armagh,Comembush Furnace, New
Florence, West Fairfield, Lockport Station,
Blairsville, Millwood,New Derry,Boliva,Greens-
burg, Adamsburs, Tinker Run, Stewartsville,
Turtle Creek, Wilkinsburg, and Wilkins, to
Pittsburg.
From Hollidaysburg, by Alleghany (no office)
and Ashland Furnace, to Newman's Mills.
From Hollidaysburg, by Newry, East Free-
dom, East Sharpsburg, Martmsburgh, Clover,
Stonerstown, Broad Top, Speersville, and West
Dublin, to Harrisonville.
From Honey Brook, by Cambridge and South
Hermitage, to Piquea.
From Honesdale, by Prompton, Waymart,
Carbondale,Dundaff, Lenox, Brooklin,Montrose,
Forest Lake, Friendville, Warrenham,and South
Owego, New York, to Owego.
From Honesdale, by Bethany and Hill Top, to
Pleasant Mount.
From Honesdale, by Rid red, Damascus, Galli-
lee, and Prineeville, to Equinunk.
From Honesdale, by Indian Orchard, White
Mills, Hawley, Nanows, and West Fall, to Lack-
awaxen.
From Hopewell to Pattonville.
From Hopewell Cotton Works, by Oxford,
Elkdale, New London, Kemblesville, Strickers-
ville, and McClellandsville, to Newark, (Dela-
ware.)
From Ickesburg, by Roseburg, Bosserman's
Mills, and Juniata, to Newport.
Fiom Ickesburg, by Donnelly's Mill, to Mil-
lerstown.
From Indiana, by Home, Mahoning, March-
and, Punxatawney, Coolsprings, and Merata, to
Brookville.
From Indiana, by Blacklick, to Blairsville.
From Indiana, by Penn Run, Mitchell's Mills,
Newman's Mills, Burnside, Cush, Chest,Bower,
and Grampian Hills, to Curwinsville.
From Jackson, by Smiley, Gibson, and South
Gibson, to Lenox.
From Jersey Shore, by Walkerville, to Water-
ville.
From Jersey Shore to Coliomsville.
From Jonestown, by Cross Kill Mills, to Reh-
rersburg.
From Kingston, by Carverton,Orange,Centre,
Moreland,and Vernon, to Bowman's Creek.
From Karthaus to Smnamahomng.
From Kittaning, by Brady's Bend, Catfish Fur-
