1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nace, Pinksville, Curllaviile, and Reidsburg, to
Clarion.
From Kittaning, by Cowansville, Brady's
Bend, Catfish Furnace, New Athens, Rimersburg,
Curllsville, and Reidsburg, to Clarion.
From Kittaning, by Brattonville, Orrsville, Red
Bank Furnace, Oakland,New Bethlehem, Keer's
Store, Shannondale, and Summervilie, to Brook-
ville.
From Kittaning;, by Scrubgrass, Putneyville,
Phcenix, and Hamilton, to Punxatawney.
From Knoxville, by Little Marsh, Chatham
Valley, Middlebury Centre, East Charleston,
Charleston, Wellsboro', Morris, Cedar Run,
Slate Run, Waterville, Tomb's Run, and Walker-
ville, to Jersey Shore.
From Kittaning, by Rural Valley, Glade Run,
and Smicksburg, to Mahoning.
From Kittaning, by Cochran's Mills, to Apollo.
From Kutztown, by B. E. Day's Store, Fred-
ericksville, and Landis's Store, to Bechtelsville.
From Kutzville, by Jerusalem and Princeton,
to Reading.
From Kinzers, by Williamstown, Harristown,
Springwell Mills, Hatville, and Mount Hope, to
Intercourse.
From Lancaster, by Landisville, Mount Joy,
Elizabethtown, Portsmouth, Middletown, and
High Spire, to Harrisburg.
From Lancaster, by Willow Street, Smithville,
Buck, Chesnut Level, Green, Pleasant Grove,
Rock Springs, (Maryland,) and Ro wlandsville, to
Port Deposit.
From Lancaster, by Swartz Mills, Sporting
Hill, Mashersonville, Colebrook Furnace, and
Cambellstown, to Annville.
From Lancaster, by Lampeter, Martinsville,
New Providence, Camargo, May, Bart, Nine
Points, Octoraro, Russelville, and Jennersville, to
New London.
From Lancaster, by East Hempfield, Manheim,
Mount Hope, and Cornwall, to Lebanon.
From Lancaster, by Mrllersville, Slackwater,
Safe Harbor, and Liberty Square, to Buck.
From Lancaster, by Neffsville, Litz, Ephrata,
Reanstown, and Adamstown, to Reading.
From Lancaster, by Lampeter, to Strasburg.
From Landisburg, by Andesville, Elliottsburg,
and New Bloomfield, to Newport.
From Landisburg, by Andesville, Centre An-
dersonburg, and Blain, to New Germantown.
From Andisburg, by Roseburg, to Ickesburg.
From La Grange, by Breech's Pond, to Facto-
ryville.
From Lanesboro', by Starucca, Thompson, Ar-
arat, Jackson, and Herrick, to Gibson.
From Lawrenceburg, by River, Agnew'sMills,
Jefferson Furnace, and Knox, to Shippensville.
From Lawrenceburg, by West Freedom, Cnl-
lensburg, and Piney, to Clarion.
From Lawrenceville, by Seely's Hill,toSeely's
Creek, New York.
From Lebanon, by Mount Zion,to Fredericks-
burg.
From Lebanon to Shaeferstown.
From Lenox, by Harford, Gibson, Jackson,
North Jackson, and Susquehanna, to Lanesboro'.
From Le Raysville, by South Warren, Wind-
ham, and Nicholas, to Smithsboro'.
From Lewistown, by Reedsville, Milroy, Pot-
ter's Mill, Centre Hill, Old Fort, and Pleasant
Gap, to Bellefonte.
From Ligonier, by Hillview, West Fairfield,
Aqueduct, New Florence, East Centreville, Ar-
magh, and Brush Valley, to Indiana.
From Lewistown, by Reedsville, Valley, Pot-
ter's Mill, Centre Hill, Old Fort, Pleasant Gap,
Bellefonte, Milesburg, Fleming, Phillipsburg,
Morrisdale, Clearfield Bridge, and Clearfield, to
Curwinsville.
From Ligonier, by Stahlstown, to Donegal.
From Ligonier, by Hillview, West Fairfield,
Aqueduct, Armagh, and Brush Valley, to Indiana.
From Lewisburg, by New Columbia, White
Deer Mills, White Deer, and Road Hall, to Wil-
liamsport.
From Lima, by Howellville and Thornton, to
Westchester.
From Line Bridge to Mifflinville.
From Line Lexington, by Hilltown, Hagers-
ville, Applebac-ksville, Pleasant Valley, Leiths-
ville, Hellerstown, Iron Hill, to Bethlehem.
From Litiz, by Brickersville, to Shaeffers-
town.
From Little Meadows, by Ellersville, Choconut,
Hawleyton, (New York,) to Binghampton.
From Lock Haven, by Farrandsville, DeFrance-
ville, Youngwomanstown, Westport, Cook's Run,
Sinnamahoning, Second Fork, Pine Street, Cam-
eron, Shippen, and Norwich, to Smithport.
From Lodersville, by Great Bend, New Mil-
ford, Montrose Depot, Oakley, Hop-Bottom,
Nicholson, Factory ville, Waverly, Bailey Hol-
low, Clark'sGreen, Providence, and Hyde Park,
to Scranton.
From London Grove to Unionville.
From Luthersburg, by Punxutaway, to Smicks-
burg.
From Macungie, by Spinnerstown.Trumbaurs-
ville, Tyler's Port, Franconia, Union Square, and
Gynned, to Spring House.
From Mahoney, by Greenbrier, Line Mount-
ain, Upper Mahantango,and Barry, to Minersville.
From Manayunk, Dy Lower Marion, Gulf
Mills, King of Prussia, Valley Forge, and Schuyl-
kill, to Phcenixville.
From Manheim to Buckerville.
From Manheim, by Penn, to Brickersville.
From Manheim to Mount Joy.
From Mansfield to Wellsboro'.
From Muhlenberg, by Ross, Sweet Valley,
and Lake, to Lehman Centre, in the county of
Luzerne.
From McConnelsburg, by Mercersburg, Green-
castle, and Waynesboro', to Emmettsburg, Mary-
land.
From McConnelsburg, by Webster's Mills, to
Hancock, Maryland.
From McKean's Old Stand, by New Stanton,
Walt's Mills, Madison, and Fulton, to Tinker
Run.
From Meadville, by Hayfield, Harmonsburg,
Rundell's, Sterlmgton, Conneautville, Spring, Al-
bion, Elk Creek, and Platea, to Girard.
From Meadville, by Blooming Valley, Ran-
dolph, New Richmond, Taylor's Stand, Riceville,
Spartansburg, West Spring Creek, Lottsville,
Sugar Grove, and Busti, New York, to James-
town.
From Meadville, by Evansburg, Hartstown,
Turnerville, South Shenango, and State Line,
Ohio, to Kinsman's.
From Meadville, by Mead Corners, Sugar Lake,
Guy's Mills, Kingley's, and Steuben, to Centre-
ville.
From Meadville, by Mead's Corner, Sugar
Lake, and Wilson's Mills, to Cooperstown.
From Meadville, by Chapmanville and Titus-
ville, to Steam Mills.
From Mercer, by Wolf Creek, Harrisville,
Anandale, Murrinsville, and Maple Furnace, to
Lawrenceburg.
From Mercer, by Valley, Clark, West Green-
ville, Jamestown, Adamsville, and Hartstown, to
Espyville.
From Mercer, by Delaware Grove, to West
Greenville.
From Mercer, by Perrine, Sandy Lake, New
Lebanon, and Milledgeville, to Cochranton.
From Mercerburg, by Upton, to Green Castle.
From Mercerburg, by Sylvan, to Hancock,
Maryland.
From Middletown to Hummellstown.
From Mifflintown, by Oakland Mills, McCal-
listerville, Richfield Mount, Pleasant Mills, and
Freeburg, to Selin's Grove.
From Mifflintown, by Walnut, McCoysville,
McCulloch's Mills, East Waterford, and return
by Beale's Mills, Tuscarora Valley, Spruce Hill,
and Perrysville, to Mifflintown.
From Millford, by Saw Kill's, Lord's Valley,
Nyce's Pawpaw, and Tafton, to Hamlenton.
From Millerstown, by Richfield, Mount Pleas-
ant Mills, Middleburg, Centreville, and New Ber-
lin, to Mifflmsburg.
From Millersburg, by Dalmatia, Mahonoy, and
Auzusta, to Sunbury.
From Monroeton, by New Albany and Ladds-
burg, to Dushore.
From Montrose, by Brackney, Silver Lake,
Choconut, Ellerslie, Little Meadows, and Apal-
achin, New York, to Owego.
From Montrose, by New Milford, to Great
Bend.
From Montrose, by Elk Lake, Auburn Four
Corners, West Auburn, South Auburn, and East
Springfield, to Skinner's Eddy.
From Montrose, by Fairdale, Rush, Rushville,
Pike, Le Raysville, Orwell, Rbme, Myersburg,
and Wysox, to Towanda.-
From Morrisville to Fallsfngton.
From Morrisville, by YardleyVille, Taylors-
ville, and Brownshurg, to New Hope.
From Moreland, by Riddle's Settlement, to
Newmansville.
From Morgantown, by Blue Rock, Saint
Mary's, Saint Peter's, Pughtown, fcnd Vincent,
to Phoenixville.
From Moselem, by Coxtown, to Princetown.
From Mount Pleasant, by McKean'S Old
Stand, West Newton, Gambles, Manbngahela
City, Ginger Hill, and Dunningsville, to Wash-
ington.
From Morristown, by Jeffersonville, Fairview
Village, Perkiomen Bridge, Schwenk's Store,
Pennsburg, Hereford, Shimerville, Macungie,
and Trexlertown, to Foglesville.
From Muncy, by Wolf Run, Huntersville,
Hills, Grove, Eldredville, Campbellsville, and
Haverlyville, to New Albany.
From Muncy, by Hughsville, Eaglesmere, and
New Laport, to Dushore.
From Muncy, by Black Hole, Road Hall,
White Deer, Alvira, Elimsport, Coilomsville, and
Nippenose, to Jersey Shore.
From Narrowsburg, New York, by Ashland,
Pennsylvania, to Honesdale.
From Nazareth, Northampton county, by Mor-
resburg, to Wales.
From New Brighton, by Brighton, Baker Bank,
Irish Ripple, to Newcastle.
From New Bethlehem, by Leatherwood, to
Reidsburg.
From Newcastle, by Pulaski, West Middlesex,
Sharon, Clarksville, West Greenville, James-
town, and other intermediate offices, to Girard.
From Newcastle, by Edingburg, Hillsville,
Lowellsville, and Poland Centre, to Poland.
From Newcastle, by Chenango and Wertem-
berg, to North Sewickly.
From Newcastle, by Eastbrook, to Harlens-
burg.
From Newcastle, by Mare, New Bedford, and
Pulaski, to West Middlesex.
From New Columbus, by Town Line, Har-
veyville, and Muhlenburgh, to Shichshinny.
From New Hanover, Hillegas, Pennsburg, and
Spinnerstown, Milford Square, Steinsburg, to
Coopersburg.
From New London, by West Grove, to Jen-
nersville.
From Norristown, by Fairview Village, Per-
hiomen Bridge, Schwenck's Store, Pennsburg,
Hereford, Lionville, Macungie, and Trixeratown,
to Foglesville.
From Norristown, by Norritonville, Worces-
ter, Skippack, Salfordville, Sumneytown, Upper
Hanover, Hereford, Long Swamp, and Wil-
liams's Store, to Kutztown.
From Norristown, by Norritonville, Penn's
Square, Worcester, Skippock, Salfordville, to
Sumneytown.
From Noriistown, by Jeffersonville,Perkiomen
Bridge, Trappe, Limerick, Crooked Hill, and
Pottstown, to Boyerstown.
From Norristown, by Jeffersonville, Shannon-
ville, Port Providence, and Quinzyville, to Phoe-
nixville.
From Norristown, by Hickorytown, Centre
Square, Gwynned, Montgomeryville, Pleasant-
ville, and Wnitehallville, to DoylestoVn.
From North East, by Greenfield and Friends,
New York, to Marvin.
From Northvilie, by North East, Moorhead-
ville, Harbor Creek, and Wesleyville, to Erie.
From Northumberland,by Chulasky, Danville,
Catawissa, Bloomsburg, Espy, Lime Ridge, Ber*
wick, Btach Haven, Beach Grove, Shichshinny,
Hunlocks Creek, West Nanticoke, and Church
Hill, to Wilkesbarre.
From Northumberland, by Lewisburg, Miffiin-
burg, Hartleton, Woodward, Aaronsburg, Mill-
heim, Spring Mills, Old Fort, Boalsburg, Pine
Grove Mills, Stover's Place, Graysville, and Cole-
rain Forge, to Spruce Creek.
From Northumberland,by Chillisquaque,Lew-
isburg, Milton,McEwensville, Muncy, and M011-
turesville, to Wiliiamsport.
From Northumberland, by Chestnut Ridge,
New Berlin, Penn's Creek, Middleburg, Beaver-
town, Beaver Springs, Middle Creek, Cosgrove
Hall, and Decatur, to Lewistown.
