1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1421
Roads to endeavor to do something which might
restore this Department of Government to~ a
healthy ami solvent condition ? And yet, because
the committee have utidei taken to do this, the gen-
tleman says that the proposition to abolish the Post
Office Department is the result of this tinkering
with the postage of the country.
Let me read again an extract from the speech
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania:
" Mr. Chairman, the scheme of the Po«t Office Commit-
tee for repairing the income of the Post Office Department,
is one that does not reflect th.it credit oa their sagacity
which we all adraitis so generally deserved by thejr prupo- j
&itions." ,
The proposition, then, of the Committee on the i
Post Office and Post Roads, or, in other words, the j
bill under consideration, m the judgment of the i
gentleman from Pennsylvania, is not sagacious, j
If the gentleman's sagacity can detect arid^oint
out our want of sagacity, he must be sagacious
enough to point out a remedy for the insolvency
of the Post Office Department. He has done so,
and 1 wili endeavor to run a comparison.
Now, what are the two plans that have been
proposed to save the Post Office Department from
"insolvency; the one proposed by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, which the gen-
tleman says is not sagacious, and the one pro-
posed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the
sagacity of which is yet to he examined and made
manifest? The committee proposes, in the first
place, to abolish the franking privilege. True, it
is not a direct abolition of the franking privilege,
but it is that the Government itself shall pay to
the revenue of the Post Office Department that
amount of money which will he equal to the ser-
vice peiformed by the Post Office Depaitment m
carrying that matter which the Government itself
orders to pass through the mails of the United
States. This is the first thing proposed by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads: It is,
that everything passing through the mails of the
United States shall pay the Department the cost
of transportation and delivery, the same as lettei s,
newspapers, and other mailable matter. The com-
mittee desire to make the revenues of the Post
Office Department equal to what they would be
if everything passing through the mails paid its
proper tribute to that revenue. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania, however, objects to this, fie
thinks the proposition wanting in sagacity. Let
me read what he says on the subject:
" I am aware, Mr. Chairman, that 'sine*1 thecp rem;iik<;
have been digested, the chairman of the Pot>t Office Com-
mittee ha«« presfnted;aitmher bill, which looks to the reduc-
tion of post office expends, rather than an augmentation
of its income; a retention of the three cent. postage, but
an abolition of the frankm-j privilege; it is all one scheme.
The plan goes ro deprive the people ot eenain advant-
ages, m order that the Government may have an income
from the 1\M Office Department, f will not speak of the
lranking privilege as a benefit to the Representative. You
know, sir, every active membei ot Congress knows, it i>
only a harden <*;i>t upon hnn, in the labor and in the
cost. It is not worth while to argue that point; you ali
know it, all teel it; bur you al o feel that the pnvilege id
one secured to the people to enable you to corre-pond with
your constituents, and to disseminate practical valuable in
lormauon, and fill them with tins bread of republican doe
trine, to keep alive the spirit of national feeling and the
uses of national knowledge; to circulate between his cen-
ter and the va-t extremities of the nation the vital fluid ot
truth; and thus enable the humblest to know and appre- |
eiate the action of Congress, and connect by the most ,
effective ties the Representative with the present coiMitu- j
eney, the future constituent here with the future Represen- ;
tative at home.
"■ f hoped to hear no more of this reform of franking priv- j
lieges-, rn rather fi an king duties. We are Republicans, and
in a representative Democracy it is the right of the people '
to know promptly, and to know thoroughly, what it ia their ;
Representative,:? are doing ; and this right of franklin? is the I
means, the true means and the best means, by which that [
knowledge can be disseminated." ,
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, then, may I
be set down as opposed to the abolition of the ,
franking privilege. The movement does not meet !
with his approbation, and he " hopes to hear no i
more of it." !
But, Mr. Speaker, there happens to he another j
very sagacious statesman who differs widely from !
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I refer, sir, !
to the truth-telling, the order-loving, the mob- ,
hatmar, the Constitution and law abiding, the patri- I
otic and the Unton-lovtng Horace Greeley lie, .
too, abuses me for tinkering with the postages. As 1
he has set up for a leformer, and has long been !
associated m party ties with the trentlcmon from :
Pennsylvania, I could really wish that they agreed (
in sentiment about this franking privilege; for
\ should really like to have them both satisfied
with all reforms m the Post Office Department.
Then, sir, to say the least of it, this Capitol would
be saved from the ** torch of the incendiary,"
and we should not be called upon to surrender up
our precious lives " beneath us crumbling rums."
This great reformer has his peculiar notions
of what should be done in order to save the Post
Office Depaitment from insolvency and ruin.
Let me read what Mr. Horace Greeley says
upon the subject of the franking privilege, A read,
sir, from the New Yoik Tribune:
"Mr. O. told Oongre.ss that our present rates will not
support the Department; that they must be ineieased, or
§2;UO0,U00 taken from the Treasury to pay for mail ser-
vice ; but he willfully suppressed the fact that tins apparent
deficit is caused by the immense amount ot matter rained
free in the mails, mainly under the irank of niembeis of :
Confess." j
1 stop reading this extract for the purpose of '
saying that this is utterly false. Every member :
will recollect that, early in the session, I avowed .
myself m favor of abolishing the franking privi-
lege. At that time, and subsequently, 1 informed !
the House that $1,SOU,000 in the deficiency was 1
caused by use ot the irankirtg privilege. But 1 ]
will continue my reading from the Tribune: :
" The Post Office doesn't pay, Mm ply because Congress j
diverts its rightfulsouices of revenue to the aggrandizement
ot its own mt'iiibt-r& ; juat < ts our buMtiubb would not pay if j
we gave away one thnd of our issues to favorites. Make j
everything that enters the mails pa> us own way, and theie j
need be uuther increased iate  ot postage, nor an annual <
deficit; but woe to that Congress which maintains the
franking privilege, yet nearly doubles the charge lor cairy- '
nig letters to those who pay their way ! Such partiality [
would nut be luuicly borne." I
How in the world, Mr. Speaker, am I to please .
these two great reformers? The one says abolish
the flanking privilege, and the other says do not !
abolish it. I find myself in great difficulty m this j
matter. If I undertake to please both these gentle- i
men, I shall be in the piedicament of the miller and ;
his son; and if the ilouse will pardon me, 1 will ;
read from yEsop's Fables. j
Several Mkmbers. Yes! Yes!
Mr. COBB. They are not oithodox. :
Mr. OLDS. The gentleman from Missouri I
[Mr. Benton] introduced them upon the JNe- j
braska bill the other day, and I do but use the j
same authority. j
" A miller and his son were driving their a*s to a neigh- j
boring tair to si 11 hnn. They had not gone far when they |
met with a troop ot gnls returning Horn tin: town, talking 1
and laughing. 1 Look there !' cried one ol them, ( did you '
ever see t>ueh fools, to be nudging along the road on loot, j
when they might be riding!5 The old man, hearing this, 1
quietly bade In- sun g  t on the a^s, and walked along mei j
nly by the sule ot hnn Presently they r.une up to a gionp 1
ot old men m earnest debate. ' Theie !' sanl one of ihein,
' it proves what 1 was a-aying. What respect is shown to I
old age in the-e days#? Do you see that idle voungiogue j
riding, while Ins old iathei has to walk?—Get down, )ou j
scupegtace! ami let the old man rest his weary limbs.5 j
Upon this the taiher made his son dismount, and got up |
luinsell. In this manner they hud not proceeded tar when «i
they met a company of women and children. ' Why, you j
lazy old leilovv !' ened several tongues at once, " how can 1
you ride upon the heast, while that poor little lad there can j
hardly keep pace by the side ot you.' The good-natured '
millci stood corrected, and immediately took up his son be- :
; hind film They had now almost reached the town. 'Pray, j
! honest tnend,' said a town-man, ' is. ih.it a s your own ?> j
1 ' Ye ,'sa\s the old man. ; Oh ! one would not have thought j
I so,' said the otner. 1 by the way you load him. Why, >ou :
i two fellows are betn r able to carry the poor beast than he |
S you!' 1 Anything to please you,'said the old man; - we [
canbuttiy.' So, ahghtmg with his sou, they tied the as 's [
I legs together, and by the help of a pole endeavored io carry I
him on their shoulder* over a bii'iize that led to the town, i
Tins was so enteiutning a sight that the people ran out in |
crowd-to laugh at it; till the a-s, not liking flic noise nor '
his situation, ku ked a&uudei the cord- that bound hnn, and,
tumbling off the pole, fell into the river. Upon iliistheold
man, vexed and ashamed, made the best ot his way home ,
again—convinced that by endeavoring io please everybody,
lie had pleaded nobody, and UM his ;e*s into the bargain.'' •
Now, Mr. Speaker, I fear already that in my :
efforts to please these gentlemen, to reconcile 1
everybody with my postage btli, I have piaced ■
myself in the unfortunate condition of the miller;
and that, in the end, I shall find that I have pleased
nobody, and lost my bill in the bargain. \
Well, sir, I have, it seems to me, m the spirit 1
of compromise—for thatis the spirit which appears
to pervade the country—split the difference be- ■
tween the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Chandler] and the gentleman from New York, ,
[Mr. Greeley.] 1 have not made a perfect aboli-
tion of the franking privilege, but have provided
that the postages of members upon documents
and letters received and sent shall be paid out of}
the contingent fund of the House. [
I agree most cordially with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr Chandler,] that the franking
privilege is a tax upon members of Congress;
and.I would much rather see it abolished; for it
would relieve us from much labor imposed upon
us under its use. We would not have one half
of the letters to answer, if those writing us un-
derstood that all letters received and sent by us
were charged with postage. I repeat, sir, the
very fact that we now have the franking privilege,
induces our correspondents to send more letters,
by one half, perhaps, than they would if ail our
correspondence was charged with postage. And
as we are, most of us, faithful correspondents,
and answer all our letters, it does indeed amount
to a most serious tax on our time and our labor.
I am confident that more than two thirds of the
public documents published by order of the Gov-
ernment are not worth to our constituents what
they cost the Government for sending them lree
through the mall. The gentleman says these doc-
uments givethe book-makers employment. That
is true; but the gentleman must remember that all
documents worth the reading would still be pub-
lished by the book-makers—the book-makers of
the people, instead of the book-makers of the
Government. The book-makers would still have
the employment.
This bill requiies that any member sending a doc-
ument, or a letter, shall indorse his name upon if,
the same as now. He must indorse it as official, and
then it passes through the mail free to him as now;
but the postage is charged to him,and paid out of
the contingent fund of the House, it does not
make any difference in its cost upon iheTreasury
whether the money is paid the Department in the
way of postage, or whether it is appropriated
direct from the Treasury to save the Department
from insolvency. But if the Department must
sustain itself, and it performs labor for the Gov-
ernment, and is paid for that labor, it gives the
Department no excuse for denying such mail fa-
cilities as it can afford, and as the necessities of
the country demand.
If the Government will pay to the Post Office
, Department the amount which it costs to carry
| the matter sent through the mails by the order
: of the Government, it will enable that Department
to furnish such facilities as the proper revenue of
the Department will warrant. It will also have
the effect of showing to the country how much
mail matter is sent through the mail under the
franking privilege; and, in my judgment, it will
result, m the end, in the final abolition of the
franking privilege altogether. When the people
of the country come to undetstand that they are
to pay $2,000,000 a year for the mat'er which
passes fieethrough the mail; when they come to
understand that they are to be taxed indirectly, if
not directly, for the payment of this amount, they
will demand of their Representatives the abolition
of this franking privilege.
The postmaster of this city has, at my request,
furmshed me with an estimate of the amount of
mail matter which is sent out from this office
under the franks of the members of Congress.
The accounts are kept for one month, and upon
these accounts an estimate is made for a year. It
proves fully what i have repeatedly said about
the amount of free matter passing through the
mail.
City Post Office, /
Washington, D. G\ , May 27, 1854. $
Si a : In compliance with your request, I have the honor
to inclose herewith a statement exhibiting the franked mail
matter forwarded from this office during the month of
January, 1854.
I am, very respeetfiillv, your obedient servant,
JAMES G. BERRET, Poifmaster.
To Hon. 13. B. Olds, Chairman Committee on the Pott
Offit e. and Pobt Roads, Home of Representatives*
Statement exhibiting the qnanti'y of mail mattir sent from
Mis office during the month of January, 1834,w//cm to huh
no i>oUax,e is lotlected, and showing the amount of revenue
that would accrue if the same teas chargeable with postage
and prepaid :
Number of letters franked by members of Congress
77,707.
Weight of letters franked by membeia of Congiess, 3,44( 
pmiud<
Amount of postage on the same if prepaid, $4,Gt>3 62.
Weight ot public documents 11 an kid by members of Con-
gress, pounds.
Amount of postage on the same if prepaid, $110,961 20,
WeiL'ht of letters franked by the Executive offices, 7,Oi3S
i pounds.
i Amount of postage on the same if prepaid, .$6,782 40
! Weight ot newspapers, 111,002 pounds.
