1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
am unwilling to see it go over, apparently by the
neglect of its friends.
Mr. GWIN. I desire to state, in answer to
the Senator from Wisconsin 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question is on the motion to proceed to the con-
sideration of Executive business.
Mr. WALKER. And we are opposing it.
Mr. GW IN. 1 want to give a reason why I
cannot come to an understanding now in refer-
ence to this question. On Monday next I shall
move to take up the bill which has been assigned
as the special order for that day—the Pacific rail-
road bill. I am in favor of the homestead bill;
and also take some interest in the question pend-
ing in Executive session; but I want the Pacific
railroad bill disposed of, and shall certainly ob-
ject to its postponement.
Mr. MASON. It will be the more practical
and better way to get through with one subject
which is before us, and then take up another.
Mr. WALKER. I do not pretend to measure
strength with the Senator from Virginia, as to
qualities of practicability; but this much I say,
that I claim an equal ri°ht with him to rise up and
resist his motion, and I do not wish to be flouted
for doing so,and I shall not. I have this to say;
that if the friends of the homestead bill, which has
been made a special order, are willing to be over-
slaughed for this week, and then next week by
the Pacific railroad bill, be it so. I have but the
voice of one Senator, but that voice I have already
raised, and I shall again exercise it, despite of what
may be said by any one.
Mr. MASON". If the Senator will indulge
me—he certainly misfnterprets me if he supposes
that I made any remark which was intended in
the least degree to reflect upon him; very far
from it—I merely suggested that we had better
do one thing at a time, and then proceed to an-
other.
Mr. WALKER. It may not have been in-
tended to be disrespectful or unpleasant; but it
has become common to say things in a manner
which seems disrespectful. But it then becomes
a question which shall be the measure taken up.
It is a question between the subject desired to be
considered m Executive session and the home-
stead bill. For my part, I prefer the considera-
tion of the homestead bill first. I, therefore, say,
that until I can get an expression from the friends
of the bill as to what they wish I shall oppose a
motion to go into Executive session.
Mr. MASON'S motion was agreed to.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of Executive business; and after some
time spent therein, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 22, 1854.
The Ho use met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
TheJournalof yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a communication from the Chief Engineer
of the War Department with reports containing
information in regard to works of defense in prog-
ress at Fort Point and Alcatrazas Island, in
CaJifo rnia, which were not forwarded in time to
accompany the annual report from that officer
respecting fortifications.
On motion by Mr. BISSELL, the communica-
tion and accompanying documents were ordered
to be laid on the table, and punted.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the motion made yes-
terday by the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Orr,] to reconsider the vote by which the bill
for the relief of settlers on lands reserved for rail-
road purposes was ordered to a third reading; and
upon that question the gentleman from South Car-
olina is entitled to the floor.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 rise to a question
of privilege. I move to reconsider the vote by
which, yesterday, the resolution reported from the
Committee on Printing, on the part of the House,
was adopted, which directs that one hundred thou-
sand extra copies of the agricultural report of the
Patent Office be printed by the printer of this
House.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will sus-
pend for a moment, the Chair would inform him
that, according to his recollection of the matter, the
motion was made yesterday to reconsider that
vote, and the motion to reconsider was then laid
upon the table, and therefore the gentleman's mo-
tion would not be in order.
Mr. BAYLY. Does the Journal show thatfact?
The SPEAKER. It does. The motion was
made by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Murray.]
Mr. BAYLY. I beg leave to say, then, that a
citizen.is deprived thereby of appealing to a tribu-
nal which this House has constituted, and that is
the Committee on Printing, in regard to his in-
terests.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asburv Dickins, Esq., their
Secretary, informing the House that the Senate
had passed certain private bills of the House, and
also a bill and joint resolution of the following title:
S. 160. An act for the relief of the heirs and
representatives of Colonel Alexander G. Mor-
gan; and
S. R. 11. A resolution for extending an exist-
ing contract for carrying the mail in Alabama; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.]
PUBLIC LANDS TO MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. HARPJS, of Mississippi, in pursuance of
previous notice, asked, obtained leave, and intro-
duced the following bill; which was read the first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands:
A bill granting to the State of Mississippi lands
in alternate sections to aid in the construction of
a railroad from Brandon, in said State, to Missis-
sippi city, or to a point opposite Ship Island, on
the Mississippi coast.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up the joint resolution which
has just been brought into the House from the
Senate, in reference to extending contracts for car-
rying the mails in Alabama; and, with the permis-
sion of the House, I desire to explain the reasons
for the request which I have made.
Mr. HAMILTON. Unless the consideration
of the matter referred to by the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Phillips] comes out of the morn-
ing hour, I object to taking it up.
Mr. ORR. And if it comes out of the morn-
ing hour, I object.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The explanation of the bill
will occupy but a few minutes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to its considera-
tion at the present time.
Mr. ORR. Hasthemorninghourcommenced?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. ORR. Then I think it is hut justice to this
House to proceed to the consideration of the
business which is pending before it, in order.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to postpone the consideration
of that pending business, and to give me the op-
portunity of explaining the necessity of passing
that joint resolution at this time.
The SPEAKER.. That can only be done by
unanimous consent, and the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Hen-bricks] objects. The gentleman
from South Carolina is entitled to the
the pending motion to reconsider the J?tII for the
relief of settlers on lands reserved foiyailroad pur-
poses.
RELIEF OF SETTLERS OK PL'BLIC LANDS
RESERVED FOR RAILROADS.
Mr. ORR. When I made the motion yester-
day to reconsider the vote by which this bill for
the relief of settlers on lands reserved for railroad
purposes was ordered to a third reading, I had
not examined particularly into its provisions. But
since that time I have taken occasion to devote
some attention to it, and from such investigation,
I am more thoroughly satisfied than ever that the
bill ought not to pass. The terms of it are in di-
rect conflict with the provisions of laws which we
have heretofore passed, granting alternate sections
of land to aid in the construction of railroads.
Now, sir, in the bill which was passed, granting
these alternate sections to the State of Arkansas,
for such purposes, the right of preemptors are
specially guarded and protected. Every man who
■has brought himself within the provisions of the
: preemption law is entitled to have the Ijtnds upon
which he has located exempted from sale, either by
! the company or the Government; his right of pre-
i emption is already protected by the bill making:
I the grant to the companies in Arkansas and Mi^-
| souri, and will in the same way be protected in all
' future bills.
But this bill proposes to go further than that,
i It proposes to give the benefit of preemption, not
1 only within the limits of the six miles, but within
; the limits of the fifteen miles through which the
j road passes, to every squatter who may choose to
j locate upon them, whether he has complied with
I the conditions of the preemption law or not.
I And it goes even further than that. It proposes
; to give him the benefit of that preemption at jl 25
; per acre, when the land around him has been raised
; by the Government to §2 50 per acre. That is
j the effect of the bill. If gentlemen will examine
' the matter for a moment, they will see that theop-
I eration of the bill will be not only to allow these
] persons to take the sections which the Government
i has reserved to itself, but it also allows them to
i take the sections which have been given to the
railroad company, if indeed you can divest the
i title which has already been conferred on the rail-
! road company.
| Again, by the provisions of this railroad bill
I you allow the railroad company to go outside of
i the limits of six miles to fifteen miles for the pur-
pose of supplying the deficiency which has been
created by your action, in giving this right of
preemption where it did not previously exist.
And it proposes to confer upon those persons who
have failed to comply with the law—who are
themselves at fault, and in consequence of whose
j fault are likely to lose the benefits of preemption—
i I say it proposes to confer upon these persons the
1 right of preemption at $1 25 per acre. Now, I
! say that if you propose to give them the right of
preemption, you should require them to pay §2 50
i per acre upon the reserved sections.
1 So manifest and so palpable is the justice of
' the views I am now taking in this case, that at
I the last Congress, when the gentleman from Illi-
' nois, [Mr. Ficklin,] who found his constituents
; in precisely the same situation as those of thagen-
. tleman from Arkansas now, the gentleman from
| Missouri, [Mr. Hall,] who found his constitu-
ents in the same situation, introduced a bill for
1 their relief; but he did not even ask the House to
i give them the right of preemption on these re1-
served sections for less than $2 50 per acre. That
bill passed, allowing the persons who had settled
i upon lands within the six miles in which alternate
! sections had been given to the railroad, and who
1 had neglected to bring themselves within the pro-
visions"of the general preemption law, the right
of preemption at §2 50 per acre.
1 . Now, sir, the effect of this bill, in my judg-
ment, is this: Congress goes to work and passes an
1 act donating alternate sections of the public lands
' to this railroad. The reserved sections are raised
in price from §1 25 to $2 50, the object of which is
to compensate, by their increased value, the Gov-
, ernmentfor the donation. Butnowitisproposed
, to give those persons, though they may not have
complied with the law, the right of preemption at
' $1 2o per acre, thereby depriving the Government
of §1 25 upon every acre of this preempted land;
and depriving the Government of the benefit of
the very consideration which induced the passage
of these railroad bills,
Mr. Speaker, I can very well understand how
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] yes-
terday rose m his place and advocated the passage
of this bill. That gentleman has been through-
out consistent in his opposition to these bills grant-
ing alternate sections to railroads. He has charged
■ asain and again upon the floor of this House that
those grants were purely gifts to the railroad com-
' panies, that the Government will not be compen-
sated for the donation; and the gentleman, by the
speech which he made the other day upon an
amendment to a bill then under consideration, by
his vote upon that amendment, and by his course
in reference to this bill, seems determined to make
! his view of the case prove true, by depriving the
I Government of the benefit of the $2 50 per acre
upon the reseived sections. If it be true that
Con<re.ss has determined to pursue the policy in-
dicated by this bill; if it be true that we are to
1 allow persons to settle upon these reserved sec-
