1422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
Total amount for one month, $[123,407 2$i.
Total amount for twelve months, ,168,886 $4.
Total amount if unpaid twelve months, 931,049 20.
This exhibit shows that $1 >468,^86 for free tjnat-
ter leaving Washington under the franking privi-
lege would be added to the revenue of the Post
Office Department, if the change contemplated by
the bill be made, it- is not unreasonable to sup-
pose, sir, that, taking;.the whole free matter pass-
ing through the mails of the United States—the
exchange of newspapers, and the franks of mem-
bers during the recess of Congress, and during
their absence from Washington city—that the
revenue derived from the abolition of that privi-
lege, or the payment by the Government, would
be |2,500,000.
The second proposition of the committee, Mr.
Speaker, is to abolish so much of the act of 1853
as makes a deduction of fifty per cent, for the pre-
payment of postages upon newspapers and peri-
odicals. The law ostensibly requires a newspaper
passing through the mail to pay one cent postage;
l>ut, in fact, it pays only half a cent. Let me illus-
trate: Take the New York Tribune, which paper
weighs two and a half ounces Under the law of
1852 the postage on it $owg from New York to
JVew Orleans, or San Francisco, is nominally one
cent; but you have a proviso in the law that where
prepayment shall be made at the office where
mailed, or delivered quarterly or yearly, there
slvdl be a reduction of fifty per cent. Under this
proviso there is received as postage for carrying
i hat paper from New York to New Orleans a half
cent, and to San Francisco only a half cent. One
half of this goes to the postmasters in the way of
commission, and there is then left to the Govern-
ment only a quarter cent for carrying the Tribune,
weighing two and a half ounces, from New York
to San Francisco. You pay for transportation
across the Isthmus alone twenty-four cents per
pound. Now, I ask, is this right ? Is it right that
you should only receive one quarter of a cent for
carrying two and a half ounces, when you pay one
and a half cents an ounce for transportation across
the fmhmus alone. Now, if you do away with
this reduction of fifty per cent, on newspapers and
periodicals for prepayment, a revenue of §.500,000
would be brought into the treasury of the Post
Office Department.
In oidei that I might speak by the book, and ex-
hibit facts and figures on this matter, I requested
the Postmaster General to write to the postmaster
at New York city to furnish him with the circula-
tion through the mails of certain of the papers of
that city. The following is the reply of the Post-
master General, giving the information 1 desired:
Post Omen Di'partmf.nt, Hay 8,
Sir: I herewith inclose the reply ot fhe postmaster at
New Vork. to tin* let let o| m<|Uiiy o! the *Jd mutant, rnjmM
ing information a*s to the nunibei of newspapers mailed at
that office, accompanying which aie statements furnished
by the Times and Tribune olhoe^. * " * *
I am, very rcspecttully, your obedient servant,
\ J AM ES W. CAMPBELL.
Hon. E. Ti.Ot.D3, Ckuirman, ($•<.., llouic oj Represent-
atives A
Post Op-ficr, New York, May 6, 1854.
Sir: Incompliance with the request contained in jour
letter of ihe "2d instant, I diiei ted Mr. Clark, <>l the new-pa
per department, to apply in person at the offices of the
Tribune. Times*, Heiald, Express, and Courier and En-
quuei, and to obtain, H possible, m a direct mannei,t!ie
tn/ormaiioti d *s?rrd (>v \tr < Md , Chairman of the Hnu->e
Committee. See. The propnetor-* of theTubnno and Times
readily furnished sueh information as is inclosed, whilst
the other* gave ->o satisfaction in the pteim-a's, the "IIerakt
declining to give ihe intoimation."
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
ISAAC V. FoWMSR, pos/mustn.
per Wyf. Caiiuvei.l, Sen clary.
Horatio Kino, tcsf]., First Jhsi slant Pod muster General,
Washington, D. C.
Mr. Greeley, of theTribune,and the publishers
of tlie Times, furnished the information in refer-
ence to their papers; hut the Herald, Courier and
Enquirer, and Express refused to do so. Here
is Mr. Greeley's statement:
Office of the Tribune, New York, May 5, ISM.
Sir: According to your mjuest, we mfotm you that we
gend through the inaiK 5,9."i0 copies? Daily Tribune, 11,Q()0
copies Semi-Weekly Tribune, 103,900 copies Weekly Tn-
bune. Aggregate circulation th-iOu«h the mails, 1:21,750.
Very lespectfuHv,
GREELEY & MoEMlATH,
per ri. Sinclair.
The po-tnge on the above, tor one year, at the present
rate. h't/Mi < cut each, it? §1-3,4x4.
Thomas Clark, F.sq.
The circulation of the Tribune alone, through
the mails, under the present postage system, ac-
cording- to Greeley's own calculation at the bottom
of his letter, yields a revenue to the Department
of $42,484. If the reduction of fifty per cent, be
done away with, it would be increased to $84,968.
Mr. Greeley objects, however, to this, it comes
too near home for him. Abolish the franking privi-
lege, says Mr. Greeley, but do not touch newspa-
per postage. He says leave newspaper postage
as it is now, and make everything which passes
through the mails pay its proper expense for
their transportation.
is a charge of three cents upon a letter weigh-
ing half an ounce, and half a cent upon a paper
weighing two and a half ounces, paying equally
the cost of their transportation ? Oh! Mr. Gree-
ley 1 oh 1 Mr. Greeley 1 A charge of three cents
upon his paper would bring $500,000 revenue to
the Department, provided the circulation should
be the same as it is now.
A great deal has been said, Mr. Speaker, about
the postages in England. Mr. Greeley constantly,
when urging cheap postage, refers to it. We are
constantly referred to the low postages existing m
that country, and we are constantly asked to have
the .same rates established in this country. Do
gentlemen understand that every newspaper pass-
in? through the mails of Great Britain pays the
same postage that a letter pays? Yet this 13 so.
Unless it is printed upon stamp paper, which pays
a duty of a penny to the Government, it must
pay a postage of a penny in passing through the
mail. If you put Mr. Greeley's newspaper at
the same rate of postage that they would charge
upon his paper in England, the revenue derived
from it would be $168,000, instead of $42,000.
And yet Mr. Greeley himself says that every-
thing passing through the mails should pay its
proper proportion of the cost of tiansportation.
Oh! Ml. Greeley! Mr. Greeley ! In England a
newspaper must not only pay a stamp duty of a
penny, but even then it cannot pass through the
mails withm three miles of London unless it pays
an additional postage stamp duty of a penny.
Take one of the London papers printed upon
stamp paper, and if it is mailed seven days after
it is issued, it must pay an additional penny post-
"£e*
Now, I ask, why make this reduction of fifty
'per centum for the piepayment of postage upon
i newspapers and periodicals sent to actual sub-
! scribet-H, the free postage being below the actual
j cost of transportation and delivery? IstheGovern-
i ment so embarrassed that it must have this money
three months or more in advance ? Does the Gov-
ernment save anything in consequence of prepay-
ment of postage by regular subscribers? Why
is this redu<jtion of fifty per centum made? ]s it
not a bonus given to these newspapcis and peri-
j odtcals whwh is not underistoud by the country?
| Was not the proviso sought to be repealed slipped
: into the postage lav/ of J853,almost unknown and
! clandestinely? is a postage of one cent too much
I for a paper to be carried from New Orleans to
| New Yoik? if it is not, do away with this re-
| duetion of fifty per centum, and you will thereby
; bring $500,000 into the revenues of the Post Office
i Department.
! The third proposition of the Committee on the
I Post Office and Post Roads, which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandlku] says is not
sagacious, is, that all letters be prepaid. 1 think
that it is sagacious, and recommends itself to the
consideration of the House; because it establishes
1 the most perfect system of checks and balances
I between the Post Office Department here and the
' deputy postmasters in the country that you can
i possibly devise. You have no system of checks
| ami balances now. If all your postages were pre-
! paid by stamps, then you would have a most per-
■ feet system—one that would at once detect the
| slightest fraud upon the revenues of the Depart-
| ment. The proposition possesses some sagacity
also, from the fact that n will be a great saving of
labor in the distributing offices, and, m fact, to ail
the deputy postmasters of the country. By this
system you can do away with post-bills. This
alone will be a saving of nearly one half of the
labor of the deputy postmasters of the country.
There is some sagacity m the measure from another
fact, that you have now returned to the dead-letter
office each quarter nine hundred bushels of dead
letter*, the greater proportion, fifty-two and a half
per cent., of which are unpaid. It is a sagacious '
proposition from another fact, that you get pre-
payment upon these dead letter-s, the unpaid post-
age upon which amounts to about $100,000 annu-
ally. Is there no sagacity in that?
But, Mr. Speaker, there is another good effect
to be deiived from this prepayment of our post-
ages. It is this: The moment you do away with
the system of sending letters on which the post-
age is not prepaid, you can dispense with the duty
of advertising dead letters, the cost of doing which
is an enormous expense to the Post Office Depart-
ment. There are very few dead letters taken out
of the various post offices in consequence of being
advertised.
A Member. You mean uncalled for, not dead
letters.
Mr. OLDS. Yes; therearefew, I say, of those
undelivered letters, which are advertised, ever
called for. Letters are not technically dead until
they are returned to the dead-letter office.
The law requires that at the beginning of every
month every letter remaining in the post office is
to beadvertised. Suppose,asan illustration, that
a letter reaches a post office on the 31st of March;
it will be advertised as an uncalled-for letter on the
next day, the 1st of April, at the expense of one'
cent to Government, equal to one third of its
whole postage. I would be in favor of abolishing
this advertisement of these letters which are not
prepaid, from this fact, that those men who take
and read newspapers, and who see the advertise--
ments of uncalled-for letters, are the men who call
regularly at the post office to get their mails; and
those men who do not call regularly at the post
office for their letters are the men who do nottake
the newspapers, and cannot see the advertise-
ment.
Now, Mr. Speaker, these are the three improve-
ments—01* what we consider improvements—
which the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads desire to make to the postal laws of the
country. These, sir, are the propositions which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania thinks are not
very sagacious.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio allow me to make one remark?
It is tins: that so far as regards the prepayment
of letters, I entirely concur with the committee,
and am ready to vote for that part of the bill.
Mr. OLDS. I am very much obliged to the
gentleman for restoring the committee thirty-three
pet centum of its sagacity.
Mr. CHANDLER. Oh, that is a very small
quantity. [Laughter.]
Mr. OLDS. Measured, of course, in the gen-
man's bushel. Now, what does the gentleman
from Pennsylvania propose as a remedy for this
insolvency of the Post Office Department? Let
us contrast his sagacity with the sagacity of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. The
comparison, I trust, will riot be injurious to the
committee.
Foitunately for the committee and the country,
the sagacious gentleman from Pennsylvania, in
the plenitude of his wisdom, has discovered the
sine qua non. It is to make the Department a
charge upon the Treasury. That I may not mis-
represent his sagacity, I will again read from his
recent speech. He says:
"Are vvc then to visit the Post Office Department with
censuie and restriction*, because it has e\cef<h><1 its special
income, while we confers? that public good ha* reunited
from the extraordinary effort* of its officers, arid the enlarged
cost of their service? Or are we to sa\ that -mice these
measuies ot public goojl 111 the Post Otitic Department
exceed in cost their direct returns Iheietore we will tax
the community directly f"r then support, while we lefer
the deficiency of the other Departments to the ingenuity of
tin; i^oeieiary of the Trea-urv? s?hail we •jay, while "the
head ot every oilier Di pamnent leans upon the ways and
means ot the TieaMirv, that Mr. Campbell <uni Mr. Guthrie
shall have no intercourse?
u Sir, the whole argument in favor of increasing the rates
of postage h lounded on the assumption that the Post Office
Dcpamnent niu^t ^ii<tain itself. With jour permission,
.Mr Chairman, and the patience of the House. F purno^e
looking at that assumption, arid I do it now because all the
Postmasters! General, as well as the Post Office Commit-
tee-, set m to have taken it for granted that such should be
the ea^e. Why should the Post Office Depai tmenf he called
on to -ustam itself more than any other Dep 'rfment ot this
Government? Why should Mr. Campbell be compelled to
keep his official hand  out ot the Treasmv more than Mr.
Dobbin ? And why should Judge Campbell "s name and his
Depaitment be excluded from the benefit of the deficiency
bill, whip' that of the Department under General Davis
is amply and carefully provided lor therein? ThatisfAe
question."
The gentleman's sagacious proposition to re-
