1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HU
tion right to purchase it in preference to anybody I
else, at the price fixed on these lands by Congress; i
but he is not entitled to the preemption right ataless j
price. Why, there are thousands of persona now i
on the public lands entitled to their preemption right j
at the price of £1 25 per acre. But suppose that I
to-day Congress should pass a law increasing the i
price of all these public lands to $2 50 per acre, ;
would it be contended that these squatters who
had secured their right to the preemption privilege, :
were entitled to that preemption at the price of j
§1 25 per acre, notwithstanding such general in- j
crease of price? No, sir; those who squat upon 1
the public lands acquire no such right. Yet, if
we were to act upon the principle laid down by
the gentleman from Tennessee, Congress could
not, with respect to such persons, increase the
price of the public lands.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Illinois a single question. Sup-
pose that Congress should now pass a law to in-
crease the price of all the public lands to §2 or
§2 51) an acre, would not the gentleman vote to
secure the settler his preemption lands at §1 25 an
acre?
Mr. BISSELL. No, never; as I should thereby
be doing greut injustice to others, who would
have to pay £2 50 per acre.
Mr. JONES. Weil, I would.
Mr.BISSELL. To those who have settled upon
the public lands, I am in favor of giving the full
benefit of the preemption right. What is that
preemption right ? The right of first purchasing
the land. At what price ' At the price at which
the lands were held thirty years ago? No; butat
the price at which they are held when the purchase
is made.
Mr. WARREN. I regret exceedingly that this
bill has meet with so formidable opposition as it
has in the persons of the distinguished gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] and thegentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell.] Of course, I can
scarcely expect the passage of this bill, although
local in us character, over the head of such form-
idable opposition. But, notwithstanding this, I
feel that it is a duty which I owe to myself and
to my constituents, to explain the provisions of
the hill, i think I can do so satisfactorily to the
House, as it is simple in its provisions, and
involving no great principles which this Congress
is called upon, by virtue of its passage, to thwart.
Itonly proposes to do justice to a meritorious class
of citizens, and disturbs no great principle. This
is a feature of the bill, which, in my judgment,
ought to meet the commendation of gentlemen who
are opposed to these grants to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads, as well as those who are in favor
of them; and I come to that conclusion because 1
am satisfied that it is a bill just and equitable in all
its provisions—one that does no violence to others,
while, as I said before, it does but simple justice to
a meritorious class of citizens, which class is not
un frequently overlooked by deliberative bodies.
What does this bill ask ? Permit me to say that,
in the discussion of this bill, and in the statement
of those provisions, I am not going to allude to
the term " squatter," which the gentleman from
Illinois has been pleased to apply to this estima-
able class of citizens who ask to be relieved.
Mr. BISSELL. I will remark to the gentle-
man, that it is hardly necessary for me to say that
I used the term "squatter" in no disrespectful
sense. It is a term which,inthe West, is consid-
ered perfectly respectful; and if it is not so in
Arkansas it is because the " squatters" in that
State are a dilierent set of men than those found
elsewhere.
Mr. WARREN. We have no such word in
our vocabulary to apply to any class of citizens
in Arkansas, which seems to be applied in Illinois
to the class which this bill ts intended to benefit.
"We know nothing about it.
I propose to speak only of the merits of the
bill, and the object intended to be accomplished
by it, and we shall thereby see whether it is not
fair m its provisions. When I shall have done
that, if the House shall see proper to vote down
the bill, well and good. J shall not complain,
recognizing, as I do, the right of the majority of
this House to determine upon nil such matters.
This bill proposes what? Not as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Straub] supposes, re-
trospective action. Not at all. It proposes to
provide only for persons who are settlers upon
lands which iiave been reserved for railroad pur-
poses, at the time the reservations were made, and
not for those who shall become such settlers in the
futuie. It is the first class of persons only who
are to be be benefited by this oill. Is it those who
have been fortunate enough, or unfortunate enough,
as the'ease may be, to settle upon the line of the
great Central road in Illinois, or upon the Cairo
and Fulton road in Arkansas ? Notatall. lfgen-
tlemen wilt refer to the acts of Congress donating
public lands to the roads m Illinois and Arkansas,
they will see that a special provision was made
protecting those who had settled upon the lines of
those roads before the grants were made.
but if they will look a little further, they will find
that there is a class of persons who had the'fortune
to live upon the lines of proposed railroads to
which Congress has not made grants, but which
grants have barely been contemplated. For in-
stance, the Mississippi, Washita, and Red river,
and the Shreveportand Vicksburg railroad. There
has been no grant of land to either of these roads;
nevertheless, by proclamation of the President,
the lands upon the lines of the proposed roads
have been reserved from sale. Now, how are the
citizens who may reside along the lines of these
proposed roads, who have had no notice of the
intended reservation, to comply with the condi-
tions of the preemption laws? I do not under-
stand, and I apprehend there is not a member of
this House who can understand, how these per-
sons, under such circumstances, can avail them-
selves of the benefit of the existing preemption
law.
I apprehend that every gentleman upon this
floor understands the mode by which these lands
have been reserved from sale. Gentlemen are
doubtless aware that they are reserved without
consulting or advising the citizens who live adja-
cent to the proposed roads of the fact. They have
been reserved by virtue of the representations of
members of this House, or by persons, perhaps,
coming from the section of country through which
the road is to pass, by the representations at the
Department of the Government, under the direc-
tion of which a proclamation is made reserving
these lands from sale, without either directly or
indirectly giving any notice to those who had been
fortunate, or unfortunate enough—certainly unfor-
tunate, if this bill does not pass—to live in the
vicinity of the road.
Now, sir, these are the circumstances under
which this bill comes before the House. I appeal
to the gentlemen of the House—1 appeal especially
to those who are opposed to the policy of granting
lands to aid in the construction of railroads, to
give this bill a fair construction. I ask them if
the older States of the Union, or if the General
Government, is to suffer by the passage of this
law? Not at all. It is only permitting the settler
upon these lands to do what he had the right to do
before the President issued his proclamation re-
serving these lands from sale. It gives him the
right of preemption upon these lands, at the rate
of $1 25 per acre. 1 disguise nothing m reference
to it. The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Orr] says we propose to allow these persons to
take the lands raised by order of the Government
to §2 50 per acre at $1 25 per acre. The bill does
so provide; and if it did not, 1 would vote against
it. Does it do injustice to any one? Notatall.
These lands were entered before the proclamation
reserving them from sale was issued, when they
were in the market at $1 25 per acre, and how can
it be doing violence to the General Government by
now permitting this class of persons to have the
lands at the same price?
Now, sir, I repeat, does this bill do violence to
the older States of the Union? Does it do violence
to the railroad corporations or companies? W ell,
sir, if it does, I would still advocate its passage;
for I would rather protect the rights of the huniule
citizens of the country than to attempt to protect
the rights of moneyed corporations. That is the
doctrine we hold to down in Arkansas. It may
not be the doctrine held in other portions of the
country, but it is the doctrine which I have always
been taught to be a correct one, and one which I
shall endeavor to carry out, so far as my own
course is concerned, as long as I may be permitted
to hold n seat upon this floor. Whenever I see a
conflict of rights between a moneyed corpoiation
and an humble citizen, I hold it to be my uuty, if
I can, to protect the humble citizen, though it may
be at the expense of the corporation.
But, Mr. Speaker, although such a course would
be right and proper did circumstances exist requir-
ing us to make such a discrimination, yet, so far
as this bill is concerned, there is no such conflict
of rights, as I humbly conceive.
It is true that Arkansas has not often received
favors at the hands of the National Government.
She has not often been before the National Con-
gress to ask for such favors. She has heretofore
had but one Representative upon thisfloor,and has
not been able to secure the influence here which
the more powerful States possess. She has but
two representatives here now; but, sir, Arkansas
intends to throw off the shackles which have
heretofore bound her. 1 shall ask for that State
justice, and full and ample justice, at the hands of
the Government. It is true, as I have said, that
Arkansas has not often troubled Congress with ■
her importunities. It is true that her Representa-
tives have been a little modest, though that is not
an appellation which applies to me m Arkansas;
but being a little modest since we came here, we
have played mum, and not troubled Congress.
We stand here now, and intend to do so in the
future, claiming our rights. We shall not only
press the bill under consideration, butothers.
Mr. ORR. 1 will ask thegentleman to yield for
a minute or two. He seems to be pressing the
consideration of this bill on the ground that it is
doingjustice to Arkansas, and indirectly convey-
ing tRe idea that those of us who oppose it are
disposed to do that State injustice. Now, so far
as I am concerned, that imputation would not ap-
ply; for, as every member of the Committee on
Public Lands is aware, a year ago I reported the
very bill which gave Arkansas over two millions
of acres of the public land. All I ask my friend
from Arkansas is, that the provisions and princi-
ples on which that donation was made shall be
carried out by his State, and the other railroad in-
terests here, in good faith. That is what' I ask;
not that I desire to do Arkansas injustice.
The number of Representatives upon this floor,
Mr. Speaker, is of little consequence. The bill to
which I refer passed when Arkansas had but one
Representative, and it had no stronger friend than
myself. And I ask that the gentleman will not
place me, and those who voted with me for the bill,
m a false position, where my friend from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Jones,] and others can charge us with
giving away the public land. Our argument has
been, that we do not give way the public land, but
grant it for consideration. I ask that he will save
us from such imputation as has been mentioned.
Mr. WARREN. lam specially instructed by
the citizens of the State of Arkansas to tendertheir
everlasting acknowledgments to the gentleman
from South Carolina, for his favor and support
Jjeretofore bestowed. As they believed that one
good turn deserves another, and as he had favored
them with once, he would do so again. [Laughter.]
I tell that gentleman, thatnot only the Representa-
tives of Arkansas upon this floor, but her people
generally, feel that they are under a binding obli-
tion to "him for his efforts in behalf of the Cairo
and Fulton railroad grant.
1 will tell him here, however, that he miscon-
ceives what he terms the principle involved in this
bill now under consideration. 1 do hold that there
is a principle involved in grants of land to aid in
the construction of railroads; and 1 think there is
another principle in the disposition of our public
domain—the lands of this General Government.
I hold that it has ever been the doctrine of the
party to which I belong, as well as the policy of
the Government, not to make our landed interest
particularly a source of revenue. That is the doc-
trine which I have been taught, so far as concerns
the public domain. We do not look favorably
o  any disposition of the land of the General
Government, with a view only to the production
of revenue. I may be mistaken, but the policy
which ( believe and have insisted on at home, and
shall insist on here, is that Congress, in disposing
of the public land, should do so with an eye sin-
gle to its settlement and cultivation. It should be
disposed of in a manner to secure speedy settle-
ment and cultivation.
It is true that we do say, in talking about grants
of the public land to aid in the construction of rail-
roads, that the donation of alternate sections in-
creases the value of the remaining sections, and
