2282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
From Youngstown, by Brandenville, New Der-
ry, Blairsville, Livermore, Tunnell, Saltburg, Coal
Port, Kiskiminitas, Apollo, and Leechburg, to
Freeport.
Maryland—Prom Addison, Pennsylvania, by
Selbysport and Accident, to Oakland, on the Bal-
timore and Ohio Railroad.
Prom Annapolis, by Millersville, Crownsville,
and Patuxent, to Annapolis Junction.
From Annapolis to Broad Creek.
From Annapolis, by Church, St. Margaret's,
Waterford,Patapsco Meeting House, to Baltimore.
Prom Baltimore, by St. Dennis, Elkridge Land-
ins:, Annapolis Junction, Savage, Laurel Factory,
Beltsville, and Bladensburg, to Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Prom Baltimore, by Liuraville, Cub Hill,
Fork Meeting: House, and Fallston, to Bell Air.
From Baltimore, by Govanstown, toTowson-
town.
From Baltimore, by Harrisonville, North
Branch, Freedom, Porters, Franklinville, Win-
field, Sam's Creek, Molustry's Mills, and Union
Bridge, to Uniontown.
From Baltimore, by Woodbury, Washington-
ville, Brooklandville, Ellengowan, Cockeysvi.le,
Waterman's Mills, Philopoiis, Monkton Mills,
Shrewsbury, Parkton, White-Hall, Freeland,
New Freedom, Glen Rock, Pennsylvania, Seven
Valleys, York, Hallum, and Wrightsville, to Co-
lumbia.
From Baltimore, by Avalon, Ilchister Mills,
Ellicott's Mills, Alberton, Woodstock, Morriotts-
ville,Sykesville, Hood's Mills, Woodbine, Mount
Airy, Monrovia, Ijamsville, Adamstown, Point
of Rocks, Barry, Weverton, Keep Triste, Har-
per's Ferry, Virginia, Duffield's, Kerneysville,
Van Clevesville, Mauinsburg, Sir John's Run,
North Mountain, Sleepy Creek Bridge, Alpine !
Depot, Hancock, Maryland, Cacapon Depot, |
Orleans, Pawpaw, Virginia, CucnponsviIIe, Forks j
of Potomac, Greenspimg Run, Oldtown, Mary- |
land, and Putrerson'e Depot, Virginia, to Cum- !
berlami, Maryland. j
From Baltimore, by Rossville, Havewood, !
Magnolia, Perrymansville, Hall's Cross Roads, j
Havre de-Grace, Perryville, Principia Furnace,'
Charlestown, Northeast, Elkton, Newark, Dela-
ware, Christiana, Staunton, Newport, Wilming-
ton, Claymont, Marcus Hook, Pennsylvania,
Chester, and Leipersville, Philadelphia.
From Baltimore, by Denton and Easton, to
Cambridge.
From Baltimore, by Hookstown, Pikesville,
Owmg's Mills, Reisterstown, Fmksburg, Carroll-
ton, Westminster, Littlestown, Pennsylvania, and
Two Taverns, Gettysburg, Cashtown, Grafens-
bur<?, and Fayetteviile, to Chambersburg.
Frotn Barren Creek Springs, by CLuantico and
White Haven, to Princess Ann.
From Barren Creek Springs, by Sharptown, to
Laurel. j
From Bel Air, by Hickory Tavern, Mill Green, j
Pylesviile, Bryonsville, Pennsylvania, and Slate
Hill, to Peach Bottom.
From Bel Air, by Churchville and Hopewell
Cross Roads, to Rock Run.
From Bel Air, by Forest Hill and Cottage
Home, to Pylesviile.
From Broad Creek, by Glueenstown, to Centre-
ville.
From Buckstown to Cambridge.
From Cambridge, by Church Creek and Golden
Hill, to Lnkesville.
From Cambridge, by Hicksburgr, Big Mills,
Vienna, Barron Creek Springs, and Salisbury, to
Snow Hill.
From Charlotte Hall, byBryantown, Beantown,
Piscataway, Palmer's, and Good Hope,to Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
From Chestertown, by Caulk's Field and
Reed's Corner, to Rock Hall.
From Church Hill, by Long March, Temple-
vilie, and Hazlettsville, to Canterbury.
Fiom Cumberland, by Clarysville, Frostsburg, i
Shade-Mill, Grantsville, Addison, Somerville,
Fermington, Fayette Springs, Uniontown, Sea-
rights, Brownsville, West Brownsville, East Beth-
lehem, Beallsviile, Hillsboro', and Strabarre, to
Washington.
From Clear Spring, by Green Spring Furnace,
to North Mountain, or to a depot on the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad.
From Cumberland, by Dawson's, to Western-
port.
From Cumberland, by Flint Stone, and Elbens-
ville, to Robinsonville.
From Davis'Depot, by Buckeyetown, to Green-
field Mills.
From Cumberland, by Brady's Mill, Western
Port, New Creek Depot, Mount Carbon, Lan-
gallen, Frankhnville,Summitville, Amblersburgh,
Three Forks,Tetterman, Valley Falls, Benton's
Ferry, and Little Station, to Wheeling.
From Darlington, by Dublin, to Slate Hill.
From Davidsonville, by South River, West
River, Tracy's Landing, Friendship, Lower
Marlboro', Chestnut Hill, Huntingdon, Prince
Frederickton, and Port Republic, to St. Leonards.
From Davidsonville, by Taylorsville, to Mil-
lersville.
From Denton, down Fowling Creek, Upper
Hunting Creek, New Hope, Federalsburg, Can-
non's Ferry, and Seaford,to Concord, Delaware.
From Easton, by Upper Hunting Creek, New
Hope, Federalsburg, Cannon's Ferry, Delaware,
Senford,and Middleford,'to Concord.
From Easton, by Htllsboro', to Denton.
From Easton, by Royal Oak, to St. Michael's.
From Elkton, by Cherry Hill, Fair Hill, Blue
Ball, Brick Meeting House, Rising Sun, Fountain
Green, Pennsylvania, Kirk's Mills, Oak Hill, and
Goshen, to Chestnut Level.
From Elkton, by Chesapeake City, Bohemia
Mills, Warwick, Head of Sassafras, Georgetown
Cross Roads, Harmony, Erieville, Chestertown,
Church Hill, Centreville, Wye Mills, Easton,
Trappe, and Oxford, to Cambridge.
From Ellicott'a Mills to Clarksville.
From Fair Hill, by Lewisville, to Kemblesville.
From Frederick, by Middletown, Bolivar,
Boonsboro', Benevolo, Funkstown, Hngerstown,
Conococheaguc, Clear Spring, Indian Springs, and
Millstone Point, to Hancock.
From Frederick, by Walkersville, Woodsboro',
Latliesburg, Middleburg, Bruceville, Taneytown,
Piney Creek, Littlestown, Pennsylvania, McSher-
rystown, to Hanover.
From Monocacy Bridge to Frederick.
From Frederick to Jefferson.
From Frederick, by Mount Pleasant, Liberty-
town, Unionville, Oak Orchard, Sam's Creek,
New Windsor, Wakefield, and Warfieldsburg, to
Westminster.
From Frederick, by Mechnnicstown and St.
Mary's College, to Emaiitsbure;.
From Frederick, by Utica Mills, Creagerstown,
Gracehum, Emmitsburg, and Greenmount, Penn-
sylvania, to Gettysburg.
From Georgetown, by Seneca Mills,Poolsville,
Edward's Ferry, Barnesville, to Harper's Ferry,
Virginia.
From Glen Rock, by Hetrick's and Kroh's
Mills, to Manchester.
From Glymont to Port Tobacco.
From Hagerston, by Chewsville, Cavetown
Smithsburg, Foxville, Sabillisvilie, and Mechan
icstown,to Graceham.
From Hagerstown, by Lappon's Cross Roads
to Bakersville.
From Hanover, by McSherrystown, to Get
tysburg.
From Head of Sassafras, by Millington, Sud
lersville, Long March, Bridgeton, Greensboro*
and Whiteleysburg, to Denton.
From JarretsviUe, by Lagrange Iron Works
and Pilesville, to Slate Hill.
From Laurel Factory, by Drayton, Landy
Spring, and Olney, to Brookville.
From Leonardtown, by Great Mills, Park Hall,
and St. Inigoes, to Ridge.
From Littlestown, by McSherrystown, to Han-
over.
From Magnolia, by Gunpowder Upper Falls
and Jerusalem Mills, to Faliston.
From Magnolia, by Abingdon and Emerton.to
Bel Air.
From Middletown to Wolfsville.
From Monrovia, by Newmarket, New Lon-
don, Libertytown, Unionville, and Johnsville, to
Middleburg.
From Mount Airy to Damascus.
From New Market to Grotchett's Ferry, in Dor-
chester county.
From Parkton, by Weisesburg, to Hereford.
From Perryville, by Port Deposit and Rock
Run, to Darlington.
From Piscataway, by Beantown, Bryantown,
and Charlotte Hall, to Leonardtown.
From Port Tobacco, by Bryantown,to Ben*
edict.
From Port Tobacco, by Partnership, Hill Top,
to Nanjemoy.
From Port Tobacco, by Allen's Fresh, New-
port, Chaptico, and Saint Clement's Bay, to Leon-
ardtown.
From Poplar Creek, by Lisbon, to Cooksville.
From Potter's Mill to Wheeling.
From Princess Ann, by Kingston, to Bell
Mount.
From Beantown to Duffield.
From Reistertown, by Upperco, Hampstead,
Manchester, Hanover, Pennsylvania, Hampton,
Round Hill, York Sulpher Springs, and Paper-
town, to Carlisle.
From Rockville, by Darnestown, Dawsonville,
and Poolesville, to Barnesville.
From Saint Michael's to Bay Hundred.
From Salisbury, by Dickerson's Cross Roads
and Whaleysville, to Berlin.
From Slate Hill, by Bryansville and Castle
Fin, to McCall's Ferry.
From Somerfield, Pennsylvania, to Selbysport,
Maryland.
From Snow Hill, by Nasaingo Furnace, to
Princess Ann.
From Tracy's Landing, by Bristol,to Dun-kirk.
From Tetterman to Saint Mary's.
From Uniontown to New Windsor.
From Unity, by Triadelphia, Mathew's Store,
and Cooksville, to Hood's Mills.
From Upper Marlboro', by Nottingham, Bran-
dywine, Horse Head, Aquasco, Benedict, and
Charlotte Hall, to Chaptico.
From Washington, District of Columbia, to
Georgetown.
From Washington, by Anacostia, Mount
Welby, Piscataway,and Duffield, to PortTobacco.
From Washington, District of Columbia, by
Anacostia, Mount Welby, Long Old Fields,
Maryland, Upper Marlboro', dueen Anne, to
Davidsonville.
From Washington, District of Columbia, by
Cottage, Maryland, to Colesville.
From Washington, District of Columbia, by
Georgetown, Tennally Town, Locust Grove,
Rockville, Maryland, Forest Oak, Middle Brook,
Clarksburg, Hyattstown, and Urbana, to Fred-
erick.
From Westerman's Mills, by Sweet Air, to
Long Green Academy.
From Westminster, by Frizleburgh, Union-
town, Taneytown, and Bridgeport, to Emmitts-
burg.
From Westminster, by Union Mills, to Lit-
tlestown.
From Weverton, by Brownsville, to Bohrers-
ville.
From Weverton, by Petersville and Burketts-
ville, to Bohrersville.
From White Haven, to Realsville, Somerset
county.
From White Hall, by Stablersville, on the Bal-
timore and Susquehanna railroad,and Buckstone,
to Gorsuch's Mills.
From White Hall, by Shawsville and Taylor,
to Jarrettsville.
From Williamsport to Hagerstown.
Delaware —From Canterbury, by Berrytown,
Masten's Corner, Vernon, Burrsvile, Maryland,
to Denton.
From Cantwell's Bridge, by Middletown and
Warwick, to Cecilton.
From Cumberland, by Flint-Stone and Elbins-
ville, to Robisonville.
From Dagsboro', by Blackwater, Hall's Store,
to Tunnell's Store.
From Georgetown, hy Concord, Laurel, Salis-
bury, Maryland, Forktown, and Upper Trappe,
to Princess Anne.
From Georgetown, by Millsboro,' Dagsboro',
Selbyville, St. Martin's, Maryland, Berlin, New-
ark, Snow Hill, Sandy Hill, Horntown, Virginia,
Chmcotoogue, Modesttown, Metompkin, Acco-
mack Court-House, Onancock, Pungoteague,
Bellehaven, Franktown, and Johnsontown, to
Eastville.
From Millsboro', by Angola, to Lewes.
From Millsboro', by Gumboro', to Whaleys-
ville, Maryland.
