THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JUNE 19, 1854.
New Skries....No. 90.
Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Etheridge, Everhart, Ewing,
Flagler, Giddings, Goodrich, Aaron Harlan, Haven. Hill,
Houston, Howe, Hunt, Ingersoll, George W. Jones,
Kerr, Knox, Lamb, Lilly, Lindley, McCulloch, Mace,
Mayall, Middleswarth, John G. Miller, Millson, Morgan,
Murray, Norton, Parker, Peck, Peckhatn, Pennington,
Pratt, Pringle, Puryear, Ready, David Ritchie, Robbins,
Russell, Sabin, Sage, Shannon, Gerrit Smith, Samuel A.
SmiJh, Richard H. Stanton, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Trout, Vail, Wade, Walley, Eliihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Wells, and Tap pan Wentworth—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, David J. Bailey, Bairy, Belcher, Bliss,
Bridges, Chamberlain, Chastain, Chnsman, Churehwell,
Clark, Colquitt, John G. Davis, Dowdell, Dunbar, Dun-
ham, Edmundson, John M. Elliott, Ellison, Engh-h, Flor-
ence, Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Hamilton, Wiley P.
Harris, Hasting*, Herm, Hillyer, Hughe-*, Johnson, Darnel
T. Jones, Keitt, Kurtz, Latham, famWley, MeDougall,
McMulhn, Macy, Maxwell, May, Smith Miller, Nichols,
Olds, Andrew Oliver, Orr, John Perkins, Phelps, Powell,
Reese, Thomas Ritchey, Ituffin, Seward, Shaw, Shower,
Singleton, Skelton, William Smith, George W. Smyth,
Frederick P. Stanton, HestorL. Stevens, Stratton, Straub,
John J. Tayloi, Thurston, Tracy, Tweed, Upham, Van-
sant, Walker, and Daniel B. Wright—74.
So the first four sections of the substitute were
stricken out.
The question then recurring upon the substitute,
as amended,
Mr. HAVEN demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Campbell, and Jones of
Louisiana, were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 51, noes not counted.
So the substitute, as amended, was rejected.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that the
bill do lie upon the table.
Mr. BENSON. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon Mr. Washburn's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 94, nays 51; as follows:
YEAS—Measrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Appleton, David J. Bailey, Ball, Belcher, Benson, Bridges,
Bugg, Campbell, Carpenter, Chambeilain, Chandler, Cor-
win, Crocker, Curtis, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis,
Dawson, Dick, Dickinson, Disney, Drum, Eddy, Edmands,
Thomas'D. Eliot, John M. Elliott, Ellison, English, Ether-
idge, Everhart, Flagler, Guldingq, Goodrich, Aaron Har-
lan, Hastings,-Haven, Hendricks, Hillyer, Howe, Hunt,
Johnson, Knox, Lilly, Lindley, Lindsley, McCulloch,
Mace, Maey, Mayall, Middleswarth, John Cf. Miller, Mor-
gan, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker,
Peck, Peekham, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Pratt, Prin-
gle, Ready, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritchey, Robbins, Rus-
sell, Sabm, Sage, Shannon, Shower, Skelton, Gerrit Smith,
Samuel A. Smith, Straub, John J. Taylor, John L. Tay-
lor,.Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy. Trout, Upham,
Vail, Vansant, Wade, Walley, Eliihu B. Washburne, fsrael
Washburn, Wells, and Tappan Wentworth—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Thomas [I. Bayly, Bar-
ry, Bell, Bocock, Boyce, Caskio, Chastain, Chnsman,
Churehwell, Clark, Cobb, Colquitt, Dowdell, Du bar,
Edmundson, Florence, Fuller, Goode, Hamilton, Wiley
P. Harris, Hill, Houston, Ingeisoll, George W. Jones,
Roland Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kurtz, Lamb, Latham, McDou-
gall, McMulhn, Maxwell,May, Smith Millar,JMiilson, Olds,
Orr, John Perkins, Powell, Puryear, Reese, Ruffiri, Shaw,
Singleton, William Smith, George W. Smyth, Hestor L.
Stevens, David Stuart, and Daniel B. Wright— 51.
So the bill was ordered to lie upon the table.
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the vote by which the bill was laid upon the table
be reconsidered, and that the motion to reconsider
do lie upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BOOKS FOR NEW MEMBERS.
Mr. CHANDLER. Some timesincetherewas
referred to the Library Committee of this House a
resolutiofi which had passed both Houses of Con-
gress, supplying books for new members, with a
view of determining the proper construction of that
resolution, as regards the understanding of the
House. 1 am instructed by that committee to re-
port back that resolution, with a recommendation
that it be adopted by the House. As I presume
the Committee of Ways and Means will desire to
provide the ways and means for executing the
original order in the civil and diplomatic bill now
before the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, I ask the consent of the House to
make the report now.
The resolution was read by the Clerk, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That, in adopting tho joint resolution from the
90
Senate, authorizing the distribution ot books among the
new members of the two Houses of Congiess, the House
of Representatives intended that when the'pubhsher of any
such books is unable to supply them, the C Jerk of tho House
shall be at liberty to purchase thorn of any other person:
and that when such works as have been distributed to mem-
bers are not to be readily obtained, olher hooks ot a similar
character may be supplied to them : Provided, That no more
shall be paid therefor than has been paid for the books for
which those shall be substituted: Provided also, That the
new edition of the Opinions of the Attorneys General of j
the United States, contained in four volumes, and having
an index, be substituted for the impeifeet edition hereto-
fore distributed, provided the cost theieot' shall not exceed
fifteen dollars per copy : Jlnd provided also, That no more
than one copy of any one work shall be furnished for any
member.
Mr. HENDRICKS, lb it competent for me
to object to the reception of that report ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object; tind move thai
the House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole House, with a view of taking up such
cases upon the Private Calendar as are not ob-
jected to.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask if this is objection
day?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. CHANDLER. There must be some
mistake in reference to this matter. This reso-
lution does not propose to deprive members of
their books. It proposes so to construe the law
that no membei shall receive more than one copy
of the same book. The Senate have so construed
it as to give members one hundred and sixty copies
apiece of some of those documents. Nothing
more is required than that the Clerk of the House
may be allowed to take other books, if he cannot
get the very ones the others had, and provided the
expense is not greater than what it has been.
Mr. HAMILTON. That is all objected to.
Before the question is taken on the motion to go
into a Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar, I would move the usual resolution
to close debate on the Meade case, which is now
in the way in Committee of the Whole House
of the consideration of all other piivate busi-
ness .
Mr. CHANDLER. Let my resolution becon-
sidered first. This, in my opinion, is 110 ordi-
nary report. The matter was leferred to us for ji
investigation. Unless the resolution be adopted, i
the Clerk cannot go on with the business. '
The SPEAKER. The resolution being ob- j
jected to, the report is not in order. j
Mr. CHANDLER. I move a suspension of j
the rules. j
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done to-day. ;
Mr. DISNEY. I hope that the motion to go .
into a Committee of the Whole House on thePri- ;
vate Calendar will be withdrawn for the reasons i
which 1 now proceed to give. Territorial bills |
providing for the survey of the public lands in Utah ;
and New Mexico, the creation of surveyor gen- >
eral, &c., have passed through the committee. ,
The appropriations to execute these objects i
ought to be in the civil and diplomatic appropria- !
tion bill. That they may be, it is necessary that j
these territorial bills should be passed in advance :
of the appropriation bill. It was my desire to
embrace in these bills provisions to extend the 1
surveys to Kansas and Nebraska, so as to open j
up these Territories at once to emigration; but in j
the present position of the civil and diplomatic !
appropriation bill, it is desu able and advisable that \
we should content ourselves with the present bills, i
and resort to the Senate for amendments, so as to I
extend the surveys to Kansas and Nebraska. ,
Thus will be at once settled all questions connected j
with these Territories.
Now, what I desire is this: Let the gentleman ;
withdraw his motion that the House resolve itself j
into a Committee of the Whole House, so that 1 ,
may be enabled to ask the House to take up those ,
territorial bills, and put them on their passage. ,
Then I can offer an amendment to the civil and ;
diplomatic appropriation bill making the necessary ;
appropriation. i
Mr. HENDRICKS. Private bills have not j
been considered by the House for months, and i
think that it is due that we should consider them
to-day; therefore, 1 insist on my motion.
The SPEAKER, The motion to close debate
has precedence. In what time does the gentleman
propose to close the debate on the Meade case ?
Mr. HAMILTON. In five minutes after its
consideration shall be resumed.
Mr. CHANDLER. That will be doing great
injustice to the case.
"The question was taken on Mr. Hamilton's res-
olution, and it was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand
tellers 011 going into a Committee of the Whole
House 011 the Private Calendar.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Elliott, ol
Kentucky, and Campbell, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 70, noes 61.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House 011 the Private
Calendar, (Mr. Skelton in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to consider the bills thereon.
RICHARD W. MEADE.
The CHAIRMAN. The first bill in order is
House bill (No. 58) " for settling the claims of the
legal representatives of Richard W. Meade, do-
ceased. "
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the bill be
laid aside to be reported to the House, with a rec-
ommendation that it do not pass.
Mr CHANDLER. I believe, Mr. Chairman,
that the motion made to the House was, that de-
bate upon this bill should close in five minutes
after the Committee of the Whole should have
proceeded to the consideration of it. As no gen-
tleman seems to be disposed to occupy the floor
for these five minutes I believe that I am placed in
the predicament of making a motion that the com-
mittee do now rise, or else that it pass this bill
over informally, and let other business come up,
as 1 am unfortunately here without the papers on
the subject. My design was, after the debate
which, the Chair will recollect, occurred some
months ago, to hear such objections as gentlemen
might have lo the claim, and then to be pieptued,
in my closing remarks, to respond to those objec-
tions as well as 1 could. I am now, by the mo-
tion that has been carried, placed in the awkward
position of being here without the papers relative
to this case.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] will yield to
me his five minutes, and if five or ten minutes more
be accorded me, I wish to make a few remarks in
explanation of what I said on a former occasion;
or rather in correction of some errors into which
a gentleman who replied to me had fallen in his
remarks.
Mr CHANDLER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee will see at once what an awkward position
I would be placed in. If the committee agree to
pass this bill over informally, and let other busi-
ness be taken up which can be acted on, I have
no objection to complying with the gentleman's
request.
Mr. JONES. There can be no objection to
passing over the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I move that bill
No. 58 be passed over informally, and that the
committee proceed to other business.
Mr. COBB. Why not have this bill considered
now' We have had it all the session, and it is
time it were disposed of.
Mr. BRIDGES. I think it is time that this
question were passed on. We areas well pre-
pared to vote on it now as we ever shall be. 1
hope, therefore, the committee will not pass it
over informally. I think it ought to be voted on
at once.
The question was put on Mr. Chandler's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
SAMUEL COLT.
The CHAIRMAN. The nextbill on the Cal-
endar is House bill (No. 59) " for the relief of
Samuel Colt."
