1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
or deprive them of any just and equitable rights
belonging to them, and hence would continue the
laws in force for the benefit of preemptors as
though no grant had been made.
They were invited to enter these lands at £1 25
per acre, and they went upon them in good faith,
under an implied contract. Now, it is said, upon
the part of the Government, that this implied con-
tract is to be broken, the railroad companies are
to derive all the benefit of the individual enterprise
and industry of our citizens, who, from want of
information,or inadvertence, have failed to secure
their settlements. If the Congress of the United
States wish to aid in building railroads, letthem do
it upon fair and equitable principles, and not un-
dertake to wrest from this class of the citizens of,
our country their hard earnings for this purpose.
When you drive them away by oppressive legisla-
tion, take from them their fields, and give them to
those more fortunate, you have departed from prin-
ciple to tread the road of expediency or interest.
'Wow, sir, having said thus much in regard to
this matter, and having heretofore shown that I
entertain these opinions honestly, as demonstrated
by the fact that I introduced a bill in the early
part of the session, which embraced the very prin-
ciple now sought to be maintained, I will say no
more upon the subject at this time.
Mr. WARREN. I move that the motion to
reconsider, made by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] be laid upon the table.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I ask the gentleman
from Arkansas to withdraw that motion for a
moment.
Mr, WARREN. I am fearful that the morn-
ing hour will expire before we can take action
upon this subject, if I should do so, and therefore
I must decline.
The question being upon the motion to lay
upon the table the motion to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to a third reading,
Mr. BALL demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Alien, Appleton, Barksdale, Bell, Bennett, Caruthers,
Chamberlain. Chandler, Clark, Cobb, Corwin, Cox, Cur-
tis, John G. Davis, Dent, Dick, Disney, Dovvdell, Dunbar,
Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton, Edinands, Elliott, Ellison, En?
IMi, Etheridgp, Farley, Flakier, Florence, Giddings, Good
rich, Green, Greenwood, Grow, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan,
Sampson W. Harris, Hastings, Hendricks;, Henn, Hiester,
Hill, Houston, Hughes, George W. Jones, J. Giancy Jones,
Roland Jones, Knox, Lane, Latham, Lindley, McCulloch,
Macy, Middleswarth, John O Miller, Smith Miller. Nich
oiSj Noble, Norton, Oids, Andrew Oliver, Mordeeai Oliver,
Packer, John Perkins, Phelps, Pratt, Puryear, Ready,
ThomasRuchcv, Rogers, Russell. Sapp, Seward, Shannon,
Shower. Singleton, Skelton, Germ Smith, Samuel A.
Smith, William R. Smith. George W. Smyth, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Hestor L. Steven*, An-
drew Smart, Thurston, Trout, Upham, V.m^anr, W,w'e,
Wallev, VYawn, Ellihu B. Wa^hburne, Wells, John Went-
worth, Uendiick B. Wright, and Yaiej.—lul.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Thomas H. Bajly, Ball, Belch-
er, Benson, Dispell, Docock, Boycr, Breckinridge. Bug?,
Carpenter, Chaplain, Chiiicluvell. Oiinpinan, Ciaise, Ever-
hart, Faulkner, Fuller, Grey, Haven, Ingersoll, Daniel T.
Jone-?. Keitt, K*rr, Kittredge, Kurtz, Letcher, LiiJv, Lyon,
MacdnnaUl, McMuHm, McQueen, Mutteson, >founce,
Mayall, Meachani, Millson. Moraan, Morrison, Murray,
Orr, Peck, Perkham, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Pringle,
Reese, David Uitchie, Robbing, Rutfin, Sabtn, Sage Sey-
mour, Shaw, William Smith, Straub, John J. Ta\ lor, John
L. TaUor. Vail, Walbiidge, WaMi, Israel Washburn,
Tappan Wentworth, Wheelei, Witte, and Zollieofter—66.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The question then recurring upon the passage
of the bill,
Mr. WARREN demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The main question being, ''Shall the bill pass :f>
it was put, and decided m the affirmative.
Mr. WARREN. 1 move to reconsider the vote
just taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider
upoj^he table; which latter motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
Mr. MILLSON, from the Committee on Rules,
presented the following amendment to the rules of
the House:
Anv member entitled to the floor ipnv, in Committee of
the Whole on the state ot the Union, pending Hie con- i
sideiatwii of anv bill or joint resolution, under the rule al- i
lowing five-minute speeches, call lor the question on any |
section, patagrnph, Oi amendment then undei di>cusslon, j'
and such call shall su-pend debate on the same, and if sec- ,
onded by a majority of die members present, shall bring the >
committee to a vote on the particular section, paragraph,
or amendment indicated, without further amendment or
discussion; and if the call is not so seconded, the section,
paragraph, or amendment, shall be open to amendment and
debate as before.
Mr. MILLSON. I will remark that this isonly
a partial report of the Committee on Rules.
Mr TAYLOR, of Ohio. I rise to a question
of order. I desire to know how this resolution
comes before the House?
The SPEAKER. At the commencement of the
present session of Congress a resolution was
passed creating this Committee on Rules, with
authority to report at any time.
Mr. TAYLOR. Then I desire to inquire of
the Chair whether this is a regular report from
the Committee on Rules?
The SPEAKER. It is a report offered by the
gentleman from V lrginia, as a member of the Com-
mittee on Rules.
Mr. TAYLOR. If it does not come before us
regularly at this time.as a report of that committee,
I object to its reception.
Mr. MILLSON. It is a reportfrom the Com-
mittee on Rules, and comes regularly before the
House as such.
Mr. TAYLOR. Then I desire to inquire of
the Chair if the Committee on Rules have the
right to report to the House at this time?
The SPEAKER. It is in order for them to re-
port at any time, under an express resolution of
the House. The resolution is regularly before the
House, as a report ftom the Committee on Rules,
upon which the gentleman from Virginia is enti-
tled to the floor.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing
the House that they had passed the joint resolu-
tion of the House (No. 14) relative to bids for
provisions, clothing, and small-stores for the use
of the Navy.
Also, that they had passed Senate bill (No.
236) granting to the States of Indiana and Illinois
a portion of the public lands to aid in the construc-
tion of the Indiana and Illinois Central railway;
and
Senate bill (No. 259) to authorize the State of
Wisconsin to select the residue of the land to
which she is entitled under the act of 8th of Au-
gust, 1846, for the improvement of the Fox and
Wisconsin rivers.
In which the Senate asked the concurrence of
the House.]
Mr. MILLSON. I repeat that the resolution
before the House is only a partial report of the
Committee on Rules. We have had butone meet-
ing of our committee, at which some alterations of
the rules were talked of, but no definite proposi-
tions agreed upon. The present rule has reference
to a difficulty which the House has often experi-
enced when m Committee of the Whole. Gentle-
men will perceive that the object of this resolution
is to enable the House, when m Committee of the
Whole, to stop unnecessary and illimitable debate
upon a particular paragraph or section, or upon a
pending amendment; and these are the reasons:
We are frequently annoyed in Committee of the
Whole by discussion upon some immaterial sub-
ject; and it is wholly out of our power to advance
one step, except by a course which the House is
always unwilling to pursue—that of suspending all
debate whatever upon the whole measure, when
discussion may be very useful and necessary in
subsequent sections.
For instance, suppose we are in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and that
one of the general appropriation bills is under
consideration. The second and third sections
may require some important amendments, and
explanations may be necessary to enab'ethe House
to see the propriety of amending them; but the
probability is, that some amendment will be of-
fered to the first section by some gentleman, and
successive amendments to the amendment by some
other gentleman.
Now, the committee must remain in this posi-
tion. They must either go into the House to ter-
minate thediscussion,and prevent all amendments
to the bill, or they must submit to the continuance
of this unprofitable discussion of amendments of-
fered to the first section of the bill. A similar
evil sometimes exists in the Honse when an amend-
ment is made to the first section of a bill under
consideration, and a protracted discussion arises.
The House may be wearied with the debate, and
ready and anxious to vote upon the pending amend-
ment; but the call for the previous question, if
seconded, would cutoff the opportunity of amend-
ing the subsequent sections. Either they must
submit to unprofitable discussion on a subject on
which they have long made up their minds, or
terminate it by seconding the call for the previous
question, and ordering the main question to be put,
stopping all debate, and precluding all further
amendments, some of which may be felt'to be
necessary. The present resolution has exclusive
reference to the Committee of the Whole.
It only provides, then, the House will perceivte,
that when the Committee of the Whole desire to
vote on a pending question, such as an amend-
ment to the first section of the bill, or the first
paragraph of the bill, any member may call for
the question specifying the subject to which that
question shall apply If the majority of the
committee shall second the call, then the commit-
tee will be brought to a vote on that question
alone, and it will be able to go on with the subse-
quent parts of the bill, which will be open to dis-
cussion and amendment.
Now, sir, I do not disguise the fact that how-
ever useful, however necessary such a rule may
be, it is one subject to abuse, an% ought to be
sparingly used. I myself regard the discussions
in the Committee of the Whole under the five-
minute rule as the most profitable to the House,
and they ought not to be too hastily and too fre-
quently checked. What is intended as medicine
ought not to be used as daily food; but the com-
mittee may well trust themselves. The evil has
been frequently felt. Efforts have sometimes been
made heretofore to cure it by suspending the five-
mmute rule altogether; but it has usually been
found that the cure was worse than the disease.
The resolution now introduced has received the
unanimous approbation of the members of the
Committee on Rules now in the city.
Mr. HAVEN. I should hketo ask thegentle-
man.from Virginia what will be the effect of hia
amendment in one particular ? I want to know
how extensive the ruleis to be under the proposed
amendment. Suppose a section of a bill is under
consideration, and a gentleman offers an amend-
ment to it, and anothergentleman offers an amend-
ment to that amendment, which is as far as we
can go? If, then, a member rises in his place and
calls the question, I would like to know whether
that simply brings the committee to a vote on the
amendment to the amendment, and stops there, so
that another gentleman may get up and offer an-
other amendment, or whether it brings the com-
mittee to vote on the amendment to the amend-
ment, and then the amendment and then the sec-
tion ?
Mr. MILLSON. That had not escaped my
attention; and in drawing the resolution, I at first
•thought of providing, that where the question was
called on an amendment, and seconded by a ma-
jority of the committee, the vote should be taken
on all pending amendments. But, on reflection, I
came to the conclusion that it was altogether un-
; necessary, because being in committee under the
! five-mmute rule—and this proposed rule applies
i onty to that condition of things—we have only to
| wait ten minutes before a vote must be taken
i upon an amendment to an amendment. It would,
! therefore, be idle and unnecessary for any gentle-
I man to call the question on an amendment to an
amendment; for,undertheexistingrules,theques-
; tion must be taken upon an amendment to an
] amendment as soon as the member speaking five
| minutes in opposition to it shall have concluded
j his remaiks. The proposed rule, then, only ap-
I plies to any member entitled to the floor calling
I the question on an amendmeut. It is not to be
j presumed that any member entitled to the floor
; will call the question on any other than an amend-
! merit in the first degree, for the rules already pro-
> vide that the question shall be taken on an amend-
' ment in the second degree at the expiration of ten
| minutes.
I Mr. HAVEN. After the vote on the amend-
' ment in the first degrep, would the section be open
| to further amendment under that rule?
I Mr. MILLSON. Unquestionably. When the
question was called on an amendment, the vote of
' the House would be confined to that amendment,
! and the section or paragraph would be still open
: to amendment. Under this rule, if it shall be
I adopted, a member may, at his election, call.for
