1426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand that
there is some difficulty about this case of Meade.
Members,do not seem to understand what has
been done with it. I would be glad to know what
has been the action of the committee upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. It has been passed over
informally.
Mr. SMITH. Well, what does that mean?
There has been no vote upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. There has been a vote
taken upon it, and it has been passed over inform-
ally.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. The meaning of
that action is, that the bill will retain its place on
the Calendar.
Mr. HOUSTON. There has been objection
made, and 1 think the committee cannot pass it
over informally, because the House had just made
an order about it.
Mr* SMITH, of Virginia. Certainly; I was
not aware that any vote had been had upon the
question of passing it over.
" The CHAIRMAN. The bill has been passed
over, and bill (No. 59) (l for the relief of Samuel^
Colt " is now under consideration.
The bill, which was read, provides thatthe Com-
* missioner of Patents be authorized and directed
to grant to Samuel Colt, his heirs, executors,
administrators, and assigns, from the 25th of
February, 1857, for the term of seven years there-
after, the full and exclusive right and privilege of
making, constructing, using, and vending to others
to be used, his improvement in fire-arms, a de-
scription and specification whereof are contained
in the schedule annexed to letters patent issued to
said Samuel Colt, on the 25th of February, 1836,
and extended to the 25th of February, 1857, by
the Commissioner of Patents: Provided, That the
Government of the United Slates shall have at all
times full right to make and manufacture the said
fire-arms, according to said patent, in all of their
own armories, for military and naval purposes.
Mr. PECIC. 1 move to strikeout the enacting
clause of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is a debata-
ble question, and a vote cannot be taken upon it,
as long as any gentleman wishes to speak, until
the House has ordered debate upon the bill to be
closed.
Mr. THURSTON". I call for the reading of
the report which accompanies the bill.
From the report, which was read, it. appears
that Samuel Colt made his invention before the
year 1832; but from difficulties experienced in
reducing it to successful practice, and from pov-
erty, he wasunable to procurea patent until 1836;
that he, in the same year, assigned his patent to
the t% Patent Arms Manufacturing Company,"of
which he became the manager; that. Mr. Colt de-
voted five years after the date of his patent to the
object of establishing his repeating-arms, but that
the company and he both failed, losing about
$200,000, and many years of time and labor. At
this tirr^e the invention had fallen into such disuse
that none of the arms were made in the counh y,
and the whole thing was considered a failure. The
Mexican war created a demand for the arms, and
at once established them as the most valuable im-
provement in fire-arms which up to that time had
ever been made. The patent, however, had been
assigned to the Patent Anns Company, and Mr.
Colt was very largely in debt, resulting from his
former efforts to bring Ins invention into use.
Under these circumstances, Mr. Colt applied to
the court of chancery to settle the affairs of the
Patent Arms Company, and the result was, that in
1850 his patent was assigned to him by a receiver
in chancery. At thesame time, the Commissioner
of Patents extended the patent, so that Mr. Colt,
in February, 1850, began to enjoy the privilege
which the general act intended meritorious in-
ventois to have, but which, for fourteen years, he
had been deprived of by no fault of his own.
Mr. Colt, before the expiration of his patent,
commenced himself to manufacture his arms.
Their great success depends as much upon the
manner in which they are constructed as upon
the peculiarity of their organization. So compli-
cated a machine can only be made valuable by
great accuracy and perfection in its manufacture;
and that can only be done by perfect and expen-
sive machinery. To procure that perfection has
been Mr. Colt's constant effort; and as rapidly as
profits arose from the sale, he remyested them to
increase and perfect his machinery. By this
means he has brought his arm to great perfection,
and at great cost. Mr. Colt is confident that an
extension of seven years will enable him so to
increase and perfect his manufactory, and so to
subdivide and cheapen his processes, that at the
end of that time he will be able to furnish the
consumers the most perfect arm, which is capable
of being made at so small a cost, that manufac-
turers of spurious imitations will not find the
profit sufficient to encourage the business.
In order to protect himself from the destructive
effects which would follow the introduction of
these spurious arms into use in England, where
he has no patent, and in Europe generally, Mr.
Colt has established an armory in London, to
which he has carried American machinery, and
which is operated entirely by American mechanics,
and where he is now engaged in the attempt to
demonstrate the superiority of his arms over all
imperfect imitations of them, in the hope that the
European consumers will discourage the manu-
facture of any except such as are perfect. In that
undertaking, however, it is evident that he can
make no money, but must control the market for
the present by supplying the demand at the same
price that inferior arms can be sold for, even at a
loss. Already the English armory has exhausted
all the surplus which had been accumulated in this
country, and is, even now, a constant drain on
the resources and energies of the inventor.
, The great object to be attained in the manufac-
ture of fire-arms is perfect certainty under all cir-
cumstances; compared with that, the price is of
no consequence. The public would not be bene-
fited if such arms as these, manufactured in an
imperfect and inaccurate manner, could be fur-
nished gratuitously to every applicant; but the
public will be greatly benefited by the supply of
reliable, perfect, and effective weapons, at any
cost. The experience of the past has demon-
strated t-hat Mr. Colt, above all others, has sup-
plied the great desideratum; and the constantly
diminishing price at which the arms are produced
and sold proves that his anticipations are reason-
able, and that he will be able to manufacture them
at such rates as to exclude all arms constructed
on the same principle, of an inferior quality, from
the market, to the great advantage of the pub-
lic.
The money which was lost during the first term
of this patent, if applied to any ordinary business
of manufacturing, would have given to Mr. Colt
more than has ever been realized out of the entire
proceeds of manufacture; and as ail that has been
realized has been invested in the manufacture itself,
and must share its fate, the whole of the proceeds
of the manufacture have been thus far invested,
in this country and in Europe, in the machinery,
tools, and property fitted exclusively to the pro-
duction of fire-arms; and the perfection and ex-
pense of this machinery are exhibited by the fact
that the separate parts which compose the arms
. are thrown promiscuously into heaps, and are so
j perfect, that, when assembled into a pistol, they
i exactly fit each other, and any other part to which
I they may be properly applied; so that in using
j these arms, new ones may be at once constructed
i out of the broken ones left on the field of battle
\ without altering the shape or size of the parts,
i He has made his plans for the purpose of con-
| structing an armory at Hartford of such propor-
| tions and capacity as to enable him to manufacture
i these arms m their greatest perfection; but hehes-
! itates to involve himself in so heavy an expendi-
| ture, unless he can be protected from the enmpe- ;
! tition of inferior and worthless arms; and he would j
' scarcely he able to finish his armory before the
expiration of his patent. For these reasons, it is
| important to him, and to the whole country, that
, be should now receive the assurance of safety
which the extension of this patent will afford him.
' But in addition to this, the great, service which
Mr. Colt has rendered this Government, and which
1 the people have derived from the use of these arms,
■ as is evidenced by the common approbation of all
the officers in the Anny and Navy, and among all
! classes of our citizens who have used them, or
1 seen them used; the truly American spirit and en-
; terprise which Mr. Colt has exhibited in carrying
this branch of manufactures into the heart of the
! great aimory of the world; the high marks of
j consideration which the military governments and
1 scientific bodies in Europe have shown him, en-
title him, in the opinion of the committee, to this
evidence of the approval of the Government.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, obtained the floor.
Mr. THURSTON. Not expecting that this case
would come up to-day, I am not prepared to
go on with it, I hope it will be passed over in-
formally.
Mr. JONES. I do not propose to make an
argument on this case; but I desire, in order to
have it fully and fairly before the committee,
that the Clerk shall read the decision of the Com-
missioner of Patents on the last application of
this patentee for extension. It will be found, in
my judgment, satisfactory and conclusive to the
House that this patent, at least, ought not to be
extended by special act of Congress. Mr. Colt,
I believe, has had two patents for fourteen years;
first, for his revolving pistol,and then for improve-
ment in some part of it. In addition, he has had
an extension of one of these patents for seven
years.
Mr. THURSTON. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will not interpose objection to the post-
ponement of the bill, as we are not ready for its
consideration at this time. The decision of the
Commissioner of Patents to which he refers, it
seems to me, would be better understood if its
reading were delayed until discussion began on the
whole matter.
Mr, JONES. The report of the committee has
been read. Now let the decision of the Commis-
sioner of Patents be read, and go out with our
proceedings, and I shall have no objection to pass-
ing over the case for the present.
Mr. HENDRICKS." The gentleman from
Rhode Island, who has reported the bill, desires
the postponement of its consideration to another
day. I hope that his request may be complied
with.
Mr. JONES. I have no objection to the post-
ponement after the decision of the Commissioner
of Patents has been read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would rather hear the
decision read when we are called on to vote.
Then it would receive more attention.
Mr. JONES. I prefer its reading now.
The Clerk then read the decision, which is as
follows:
Application of Samuel Volt for an extension of Patent.
In 1836 the applicant obtained a pa'ent for rotary cham-
ber for fire-arms. In 1839 a second patent was gi anted tor
improvement thereon, the most important of which was liie
loading lever. In 18.">0 the former of these paients was ex-
tended for seven years; and he now asks a like extension
for the latter.
The statute, requires the applicant in such cases to fur-
nish a statement of his receipts and expeiulitiues, " suffi-
ciently in detail to exhibit a true arid faithful account of loss
and [it oil t in anv manner accruing to him from and by reason
of said invention." This requirement has not been duly
complied wuh m the present ea*e : but as the decision will
turn upon another point, this, delect will be no fuither con-
sideied.
The applicant avers " that he never has in any way,
direetlvoi indirectly, derived any reward for his said inven-
tion patented m itf.'W." This statement certainly giows
out ot a mistaken ba«is of computation.
The testimony shows that the appItcarH has manufactured
upward* of one hundred thousand pi-tols, of vauout sir.es.
Taking into account the puces at which they have been
sold, the cost of manufacture, and the commissions allowed
for selling, the net profit on these pistols will not fall far
shoit of#1,000,000.
This testimony stands wholly uncontradicted. No op-
posing evidence was offered. Even the witnesses by whom
lliese facts were proved, wore not cross examined by the
cnuusel for the applicant, although he was piesent at their
examination. The fact, then, may be taken as conceded
and indisputable.
Now, the expenses of the applicant, together with his
1o<m>s, and the value of his tune and services, are estimated
by hurt at <R0,<i00. which certainly leaves a very handsome
balance in Ins favor. Hut he take" the ground that all these
profits art' due to his first patent, and none to the second.
Therein consist-, the mistake. All the pistols testified to
sa above Mated, were constructed with the improvements
embraced in the second patent. Are these improvements
of no value? If s,o, there is no ground for an extension.
But it tliev are valuable, they certainly augmented the value
of the pistol* to which they were attached.
lluf it will be said that the price of these pistols wa« not
increased in consequence of the addition of these improve-
ments. This may be true, but it does not follow that they
have been productive ot no benefit. The vender of a com-
modity often finds it advantageous to diminish its price in
order to augment the amount of Ins >-nles. Adding to the
wonh of the commodity while the price remains unchanged
produces the like nfleot.
At all events, the pistol, with all its improvements, was
manutactmed and sold as a >rnole. .Large profits have been
tbeieby realized. The applicant cannot'be permitted to pay
these piofits have all accrued from the manu'acture and
sale of the lotary chamber. They result from the whole
pistol, as improved, with all its parts. The improvements
embraced in the patent now sought to be extended gave an
