716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
the question upon a section, a paragraph, or on
the pending amendment. It may be that the com-
mittee has not considered the section, though it
may have discussed for a long time the pending
amendment to that section. The committee might
not be willing to second the call for the question
upon the whole section, but might be willing to
second the call for the question upon the pending
amendment. Discretion, however, is allowed to
any gentleman to call for the question on the sec-
tion, the paragraph, or the pending amendment.
Mr. PRESTON, (interrupting.) I desire to
ask the gentleman' from Virginia one question.
His proposed amendment to the rules provides
that any member entitled to the floor may, in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, pending the consideration of any bill or
joint resolution, under the rule allowing five-min-
ute speeches, call for the question on any sec-
tion, paragraph, or amendment then under dis-
cussion, and that such call shall suspend debate
on the same; and if seconded by a majority of
the members present, shall bring the committee
to a vote on that particular paragraph, section, or
amendment, without further amendment or dis-
cussion.
Now, supple the House limits the debate
upon a bill to five-minute speeches, and that bill
consists of but a single section, does the gentle-
man mean that that five-minute debate shall be
stopp'ed at once by a demand for the question on
the first section of the bill, inasmuch as that is
all that is within the purview of the proposed
rule ? That is the construction I put upon the
rule, and I ask the gentleman if that is what he
intends? If so, all that is necessary to be done
is to follow the plan of the English statutes, and
put everything in a single section, consider it as
a whole, and, by demanding the question, stop
five-minute debate and amendments, and pass the
bill.
Mr. MILLSON. I will answer the gentleman.
The gentleman will remember that most of our
appropriation bills contain but a single section,
and it is for that reason that the word " para-
graph ^ is inserted in this rule. The appropriation
bills are considered in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union by paragraphs, and not
by sections. The bill is read, and the vote is
taken by paragraphs, and each paragraph is re-
garded as an independent section. That has been
the invariable rule and practice of this House, and
the amendments are made to these paragraphs as
sections.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman from Virginia allow me to ask him a ques-
tion? As I understand the resolution which has
just been read, it puts it in the power of any gen-
tleman to call for a vote directly upon any section
or paragraph in the bill before the committee.
Suppose, then, that a bill is before the committee,
containing seven or ten sections, and a motion be
made by some gentleman to amend the first sec-
tion, whereupon some one moves to close debate,
and a majority determine to close debate, that
then you proceed to the second section; and that
the same process is gone through there; and that
then you proceed to the third section, and so on.
I ask if the gentleman's proposition does not put
it within the power of a majority of the commit-
tee to close all discussion, or nearly all discussion,
under the five-minute rule; and whether it is not,
in fact, intended to abrogate the five-minute rule,
at the pleasure of the committee?
Mr- MiLLSON. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Washburn] asks me if the resolution which
I have introduced is not intended as an abroga-
tion of the five-minute rule, at the pleasure of a
majority of the committee. Of course it is not so
intended, f have already stated to the House,
that, while I was aware that the demand for the
previous question might be abused, yet that there
were evils that ought at the same time to be rem-
edied. The. e are times when, without some such
rule as this, it would be in the power of a very
small number seriously to obstruct the public,
business. If the gentleman asks me if it would
be proper in a majority of the committee to sus-
pend discussion upon any one section before it had
been propei ly considered 
Mr. WASHBURN. Will the gentleman from
Virginia allow me to interrupt him again at this
point. Let me suppose that a section of a bill is
under discussion m the committee, and some gen-
tleman proposes an amendment. The commit-
tee observe nothing particularly worthy of atten-
tion in that amendment, and are disposed to sus-
tain a motion which is made to terminate debate.
There may be half a dozen other gentlemen in the
committee who have amendments to offer to the
same section which are really of importance, and
might, if proposed, be favorably considered; but
are they not, by the adoption of such a resolution
as the gentleman from Virginia has introduced,
cut off from the privilege of offering them in Com-
mittee of the Whole, where only amendments can
be offered with any chance of being considered
or adopted ?
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Maine,
I apprehend, has not carefully read the proposi-
tion, and does not see that it is only 
Mr. WASHBURN. Let me explain myself
a little more fully, so that the gentleman will un-
derstand clearly the point I make. Suppose that
a bill being under discussion in Committee of the
Whole—the first section having been read—the
gentleman from Virginia offers an amendment,
but it is believed by a majority of the committee
that there is not much merit in it, and consequently
some one moves that we take the vote upon that
section. The vote is accordingly taken, but there
are half a dozen other gentlemen who have amend-
ments to offer, which, if suggested, would strike
the committee as very important, and which, per-
haps, would change their views upon that very
section, whereas, by the operation of the vote
taken these gentlemen would be precluded from
offering them.
Mr. MILLSON. There is a great deal of force
and weight in the objection made by the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Washburn,} but he will
pardon me for suggesting that theresolution I have
offered authorizes no such thing. Theresolution
provides that the vote shall be taken upon the pend-
ing proposition 
Mr. WASHBURN. The gentleman who
makes the motion will take the vote upon the sec-
tion or provision.
Mr. MILLSON. If there be an amendment
pending the question will apply to that. In no
case does the resolution prevent further discussion
or amendment of the section, unless some other
member entitled to the floor should demand the
question on the section; and then it will be for the
House to determine whether, in advance of proper
discussion, they would second the call.
Mr. BOCOCK. Is it competent, Mr. Speaker,
by the action of a majority of the House, to post-
pone the consideration of this proposition to amend
the rule to a specified time?
The SPEAKER. Itwill be competent to post-
pone the consideration of the subject. The rule
or resolution of the House under which this report
has been made, 1 will, if the House will allow me,
read to the body:
"Resolved, That the rules of the last House of Represent-
atives bo adopted as the rules of tins House until other-
wise ordered : Provided, hoivcvcr, That there shall be ap-
pointed a commuieoof five members to icvi?e said rules,
which committee shall have the power to report at any
time; and their report shall be acted upon by the House
until disposed of, to the exclusion ot all other bupim-v*;
anything in the rules hereby temporarily adopted to the
contrary notwithstanding."
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has the floor. Does he yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio?
Mr, MILLSON. Not now. I was about to
say, Mr. Speaker, that the rules ought to bevery
carefully considered by this House, and I have
not the slightest objection to the postponement of
this question, in order that the House may de-
liberate on the propriety of adopting the amend-
ment recommended by the committee. I now
yield to the gentleman from Ohio a moment.
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish to express my ideas
in a few words in reference to this change of law
proposed, the importance of which, it seems to
me, the House is not sufficiently alive to.
Mr. MILLSON, (interrupting.) I yielded the
floor to the gentleman for the purpose of allowing
him to ask a question, and not to make any ob-
servations on the subject.
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 am entitled to the floor, and
will proceed with my remarks.
The SPEAKER. Is the gentleman from Vir-
ginia on the floor?
Mr. MILLSON. Certainly, sir. I have been
on the floor since I first rose to bring this matter
to the attention of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was under the
impression that the gentleman from Virginia had
yielded it to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. MILLSON. No, sir; except for the pur-
pose of his asking a question.
Mr. TAYLOR. Then I make a point of order,
whether the gentleman from Virginia, or any
other gentleman in this House, can get up and
reply six, eight, or ten times to gentlemen, and
still retain the floor, to the exclusion of every
other proposition. 1 desire, sir, tu express my
opinions on this matter.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio appeal against the decision of the Chair?
Mr. TAYLOR. No, sir.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I want to make a remark.
Will the gentleman from Virginia allow me?
Mr. MILLSON. Certainly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee on Rules,
the select committee, is, itwill be observed, in the
very terms of the resolution, a very important
committee. It has the power to make a report,
and to check all other legislation. Now, sir, that
committee, although it has held but one meeting,
has had under consideration some very important
modifications of the rules which, perhaps, when
they make their report, may result in a complete
revolution in many important ipatters in the sys-
tem of legislation. This proposition that has been
made this morning is by no means intended to be
a regular report of that committee, because it is
only proposed to reach one of the difficulties which
this House sometimes encounters in the transaction
of business. I find that it has created great sen-
sation, and I think it would be well thai, the gen-
tleman from Virgmiashould withdraw the report,
in order that it may be printed; for the committee •
will have the power, tit any time, to present Jt
again.
The purpose of the amendment proposed is
simply this, to enable the Committeeof the Whole
on the state of the Union, when it is considering
bills under the rule limiting discussion to five min-
utes, to control its own action. Now, what is the
condition of things at the present time ? We have
been here four months, and what have we suc-
ceeded m doing in the regular business of legisla-
tion, except, after a desperate struggle, to pass the
deficiency bill? It is the difficulty that you may
discuss for days, and even weeks, one single item
in an appropriation bill. To illustrate, you pro-
pose forty thousand dollars to be given for the
completion of the custom-house at Louisville,
Kentucky. Does not every member of this House
know that you may move amendments to ieduce
that sum one, two, or three dollars, and so down,
or to increase it m the same way, to an indefinite
extent, and that upon such amendments you can
keep this House, by five-minute speeches, for five
years, if you choose, upon a single bit! ? Under
the rule as it now stands, unless the Chairman
assumes a power, which does not belong to him,
to refuse to recognize an amendment, we could
never have any legislation at all, if the committee
see fit to continue to offer amendments. I say that
is wrong.
The efFect of this amendment, as I understand
it—for there has been no regular meeting of the
committee but individual consultation—is simply
to enable a majority of the Committee of the
Whole to control the business of the committee.
I do not, Mr. Speaker,propose todiscuss it now.
i find there are objections raised, and 1 suggest to
my colleague upon the committee, (Mr. Millson,]
as this thing of a change of the rules is an import-
ant matter, and inasmuch as this change, if
adopted, will not merely affect the legislation of
this Congress, but, in all human probability, of all
future Congresses—for we know that when a new
Congress is organized the practice always is to
adopt the rules of a former Gongress until a change
is made, whether it would not be prudent to let
the matter go over for the present, and allow
proposed amendment to be printed. I prefer,and
I think my colleague will agree with me, that such
a course should be pursued, and especially because
this House, a week or two ago, gave to the Com-
mittee on Rules the power to print, in advance,
their proposed amendments, in orderto enable the
members to examine and make up a judgment as
to the efFect of such amendments. As this par-
ticular item of the changes proposed will go into
