718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
some other gentleman may occupy the chair at the
time that question is made.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I desire to ask a
?uestion for information. I wish to know if thjs
ndian appropriation bill does not make an ap-
propriations for the next year?
The CHAIRMAN. It does.
Mr. BAYLY. The bill which my colleague
proposes to take up makes an appropriation for
the present year 
Mr. ORR. 1 protest against the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] being allowed to
make remarks showing why the Indian appropri-
ation bill should not be taken up, while I am
restrained from making remarks tending to show
why the hill should be taken up.
The CHAIRMAN. When the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr, Bayly] arose and addressed the
Chair, he supposed that it was to some point of
order. The question now is, whether the com-
mitte shall proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 46, being the Indian appropriation bill.
The question was then taken by division, and
there were in favor of the motion 109 votes; the
noes were not counted.
So the committee decided to take up for consid-
eration the Indian appropriation bill.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the commit-
tee, Mr. Chairman, to pursue a usual course, and
dispense with the first reading of the bill, and
that the reading of it by paragraphs for amend-
ments be commenced. The bill contains some
forty pages, and it is not necessary for it to be
read through now. I therefore ask that the usual
course be pursued, and that the reading of the
bill at this stage be dispensed with.
Mr. TAYLOR. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. 'The Clerk will then pro-
ceed to report the bill.
The reading of the bill was commenced.
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) I desire to
know from the Chair whether the committee has
not the power to dispense with the first reading of
the bill, and to have it read at once by sections for
amendment? it will consume much time, proba-
bly an hour, if not more, and is entirely unneces-
sary, as every gentleman here knows.
The CHAIRMAN. The rules direct that the
bill shall be read as a whole first, if required. Rule
of the House 127 says:
"On a bill being committed to the Committee of the
Whole House, the bill shall be first read throughout by the
Clerk, and then again read and debated by elruisi's."
After the further reading of the bill had been
proceeded with for some time,
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, said: Asa general thing,
| like a strict adherence to the rules, but I will now
"withdraw my objection to the suspension of the
further reading of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. But another gentleman
objected to that course being pursued.
Mr DAVIS,of Indiana. I objected, but I now
withdraw that objection.
The CHAIRMAN. Then if no objection is
made, the further reading will be dispensed with.
No objection was made.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 ask that the Clerk shall
now report the first paragraph of the bill.
The Clerk repuited the first paragraph, which
is as follows:
For the current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, vjy:
For the pay of Mipei intendents of Indian a Hair?, per acts
of 5th June, lboO, 27th February, ltfol, and .itf Maicli, 1&72,
$12,500.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not propose to occupy
the time of the committee in a regular investiga-
tion of this bill, for in truth no investigation
of it is necessary. The bill w hieh has been read,
and which is now before the committee, is in
strict conformity with treaty stipulations between
the Government of the United States and the In-
dian tribes. The appropriations are necessary to
be made to fulfill our obligations to the various
Indian tribes; and I may he indulged in the ex-
pression of a hope that the committee will act
upon the bill as promptly as possible, for the rea-
son that, although the appropriations are for the
fiscal year commencing on the first of July next,
yet a large proportion of them are for the pur-
chase of provisions, tobacco, goods, and various
things which require some time on the part of the
Department to prepare for the distribution of. It
is, therefore, important that the bill should be
acted on promptly. There is no contest about
anything in it. We are bound to appropriate
them all ultimately, and I desire that it may be
done as early as the convenience of the committee
will allow.
The Committee of Ways and Means have no
amendment to propose at present to the bill. The
amendments which have been indicated by my
friend, [Mr. Orr,] who is at the head of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, will be explained by him.
They are estimates which have never been before
the Committee of Ways and Means, and I shall
rely upon his explanations.
Mr. ORR obtained the floor.
Mr. JONE§, of Tennessee. What is the ques-
tion before the committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. There is no motion pend-
ing, but it has been the practice to allow debate
on the first paragraph of the bill.
Mr. ORR. At the proper time, in the progress
of this bill, I shall, by the direction of, and under
instructions from the Committee on Indian Affairs,
propose various amendments.
Mr. HAVEN. Propose an amendment, so as
to be in order. *
Mr. ORR. I am in order now.
Mr. HAVEN. It would be better to offer
some amendment.
Mr. ORR. I have several amendments, Mr.
Chairman, which ought properly to have been
placed in the deficiency bill; but, finding that there
was an earnest and general desire upon the partof
members of the Committee of Ways and Means,
as well as a majority of this House, to dispose of
the deficiency bill during the sitting of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on last Friday, 1 determined
not to present these amendments for the consid-
eration of the committee at that time, fearing that,
by so doing, it might lead to the postponement of
the bill till another week. The amendments which
the Committee on Indian Affairs have prepared
are of * very inipottaut chaiacter. The amount
proposed to be appropriated in the amendments
by the Indian Committee is in the neighborhood
of $350,000, if they should all be adopted.
In the first place, we propose an amendment
which appropriates $68,000 to enable the Indian
Department to negotiate treaties with the Indian
tribes in Oregon, and $45,000 to negotiate treaties
with the tribes in the Territory of Washington,
making, m the aggregate, the sum of $113,000,
for what was heretofore known as the Oregon Ter-
ritory. It is a fact which has been brought most
strikingly and prominently to my consideration
since I have had the honor of presiding over the
Committee on Indian Affairs since the commence-
ment of this session of Congress, that in the whole
history of Oregon and Washington Territories, as
well as Utah Kand New Mexico, there has never
been extinguished, by treaty stipulation or other-
wise, one foot of Indian title to any or all of that
vast territory. In the settlements which have been
made in Oregon and Washington Teriitories, em-
bracing sixty or seventy thousand white persons,
the Indians have been driven back from valley to
valley, and from plain to plain, until they are now,
in many instances, compelled to take refuge and
seek homes upon the mountain tops.
Some two years ago treaties were negotiated
with some of the tribes living in Oregon, which
were sent to the Senate, but no action has as yet
been taken upon them by that body, and they
sleep there as mementoes of the broken promises .
of our agents. There are in the Territory of Ore- !
gon and Washington some sixty or sixty-five
different tribes of Indians, and the whole number [
isestimated at from thirty to fifty thousand. Some 1
of these Indians have made a little advance in
agriculture, and are rudely cultivating the soil.
Othersofthem havelargestock ofcattleand horses.
Missionaries have gone into their midst, and there
has not only been an intellectual, but a mora! cul-
ture diffused among them. These Indian tribes!
have, in many cases, yielded to thesolicitations of !
white men, in giving up their lands, upon the sol- !
emn promise made to them that the Great Father !
of the Indians, the President of theUrnted States, 1
and the Congress of the United States, would vote ;
them an ample compensation for so doing. Years 1
have rolled by since those promises were made,
and they are still unredeemed. j
I have it from reliable authority, that the war
which broke outlast summer between the Rogue I
| river Indians and the whites, would have been pre-
' vented, if a timely appropriation had been made
! and a treaty had been entered into between this Gov-
j eminent and these Indians. That war will cost us
; perhaps $100,000. If the Indians had been dealt
justly by, you would have avoided the Cay use war,
which was waged by that tribe of Indians in 1848.
. You have already paid for the expenses of that war
i $100,000, and there is a bill now pending before
* the House proposing to increase the appropriation
| $75,000. Those two Indian wars alone will have
| cost the Government a sum little, if any, short of
j $300,000. The Cayuse tribe numbers something
j less than one thousand, and the Rogue river tribe
| is not more numerous. We have practiced even
greater injustice to these Indians in the new Ter-
| ntones than we have to the Indians that have in-
i habited the States, and that have heretofore been
| removed, as hitherto we have given them some
! consideration for their lands, and we have paid
them something when we have despoiled them of
their territory. We have paid, in most cases, the
full value for these lands, if the value of the land
is to be judged by the use which the Indians made
of it; but certainly it was an inadequate «fc>mpen-
sation, if its value is measured for agricultural
purposes.
In Oregon there are many Indians who have
cultivated the soil, who have cleared their own
land, and erected buildings, but they have been
driven back from their settlements, their improve-
ments, their homes.
It is vain and idle,Mr. Chairman, to hope that
these people will always continue to submit pa-
tiently and quietly to the wrongs which we have
been perpetrating upon them. They are feeble,
it is true. We have it in our power, with all the
men and money at our command, to destroy—to
annihilate them. But, occupying the position
towards them that we do, great as we are, wealthy
! as we are, powerful as we are, magnanimity and
! generosity requires that we should deal liberally
| towards these red men of the forest.
I Now, sir, the appropriations which 1 propose
to insert in this bill will enable the Governors of
| the Territories of Oregon and Washington to ne-
j gotiate treaties with such tribes as possess valu-
j able lands which have not yet been taken posses-
j sion of by the whites, and also to make adequate
: compensation for the lands that have already been
j appropriated by our citizens. These appropria-
! tions are recommended by the Indian Department.
! The Committee on Indian Affairs have scrutin-
I ized them closely. They believe that the sums
j recommended are not too large; and we hope that
j when the committee come to consider the hill, and
I these amendments that are to be inserted in it,
' there will be no objection to incorporating them
in the general Indian appropriation bill. It is de-
sirable, too, that it should be done speedily, so
that negotiations may be carried on during the
present summer with these tribes of Indians.
I have an amendment, which 1 shall offer in its
place, appropriating $45,000 to negotiate treaties
with Indians in the Territory of Utah. As I
stated before, the Indians within the limits of that
Territory have been treated in the same manner
you have treated the Washington and Oregon In-
dians. You have despoiled them of their territory;
you have taken from them their lands; you have
driven them from their homes, humble though
those homes may be, and you have paid them not
a farthing for the spoliation which you have perpe-
trated on them. Now, sir, patience with them has
worn out. They will no longer be appeased by
the promises which ouragentsare making to them.
They will no longer refrain from avenging them-
selves upon our citizens with all that cruelty which
characterizes the Indian tribes. They will not fail
to avenge the wrongs which you have done them,
unless you place money in the hands of your
agents to compensate them for their losses and sac-
rifices. Besiaes, sir, being^driven off from their
lands by the whites emigrating and settling in their
country, they are also destroying their game, the
principal means which they have of subsistence.
1 Many of them are on the point of starvation. They
have, then, a double incentive to wreak their ven-
geance on the white man, not only because they
have^been despoiled of their territory, but they are
also incited to scenes of bloodshed and violence
j by the merciless gnawings of hunger.
Mr. PECKHAM. To whom does the gentle-
I man from South Carolina allude, when he says,
