1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2*87
Branch, St. Stephens, Auburn, Warrenton, War-
renton Springs, Jeffersonton, and Rixeyville, to
Oak Shade.
Prom West Columbia, by Cedar Flats, Upper
Flats, and Letart Falls, to Jackson C. H.
From West Fork Furnace, by Buffalo Moun-
tain, Laurel Forks, Mitlsville, and Ararat, to
Mount Airy.
From West Union, by Stine Spring Mills, Ox-
ford, and Culp's Store, to Webb's Mills.
From West Union, by Roash's and Letart
Falls, to Moore's Mills.
From West Warren to Cotton's Store, in Wet-
zel county.
From Wheeling, by West Liberty, to Betha-
ny.
From Wheeling, by Dallas, West Finley, Har-
vey's, Waynesburg, Kirby, Mount Morris, and
Granville, to Morgantown.
From Wheeling, by Belle Air, Ohio, Mounds-
ville, Dill's Bottom, Ohio, Captina, Powhatan
Point, Woodlands, Virginia, Sun Fish, Ohio,
Proctor, Virginia, Baresville, Ohio, New Mar-
tinsville, Virginia, Sardis, Ohio, Witten's, Sis-
tersville, Virginia, Cochran's Landing, Ohio,
Grand View, Ostend, Grape Island, Virginia, St.
Mary's, Virginia, Newport, Ohio, Willow Island,
Virginia, Bull Creek, Marietta, Ohio, Duncan,
Virginia, Harmar, Ohio, Briscoe Run, Virginia,
to Parkersburg.
From White Sulphur Springs, by Anthony's
Creek, to Rueker's Repose.
From Wilderness, by Locust Grove and Ver-
diersville, to Orange C. H.
From Williamsport to Moorefield.
From Williamsport or Duncan, in Wood coun-
ty, to intersect the Parkersburg and Baltimore Mail
Route at the junction of the Williamsport and
Northwestern Turnpike, sixteen miles east of
Parkersburg.
From Williamsburg, by Yorktown, to the
Grove Landing.
From Wilson's Depot to Darvill's.
From Winchester, by Stephenson's Depot,
Dadesville, Brucetown, Summit Point, Charles-
town, and Halltown, to Harper's Ferry.
From Winchester, by Mount Vernon Tannery,
Mountain Falls, Cedar Creek, Gravel Spring; and
Capon Springs, to Wardensville.
From Winchester to Capon Springs.
From Winchester to Whitehall.
From Winchester, by Ninevah and Front
Royal, to Manassas Gap.
From Winchester, by Mill Creek, Darkesville,
Martinsburg, Hainesville, and Falling Waters,
to Williamsport, Maryland.
From Winchester, by Back Creek Valley,
Capon Bridge, Hanging Rock, and Pleasant Dale,
to Romney.
From VVinchester, by Newtown, Stephensburg,
Middletown, Strasburg, Tom's Brook, Wood-
stock, Edinburgh, Mount Jackson, New Market,
Sparcapolis, Lacey Springs, Melrose, Harrison-
burg, Mount Crawford, Mount Sidney, and
Cline's Mill, to Staunton.
From Wirt C. H., by Lee's Mills, Reedy
Ripple, and Three Forks of Reedy, to Reedy-
ville.
From Wirt C. H., by Burning Spring, Big
Bend, Pine Creek, and De Kalb, to Glennville.
From Woodstock, by Columbia Furnace and
Lost River, to Moorefield.
From Wythe\ille, by Sharon, Burke's Garden,
and Perry's Store, to Tazewell C. H.
From Wytheville, by Red Bluff and Grayson
Sulphur Springs, to Grayson C. H.
From Wytheville. by Speedwell, Elk Creek,
Austin, and Cornell's Store, to Independence.
From Wytheville, by Rural Retreat, Marion,
Seven-Mile Ford, Town House, Glade Spring,
Cedarville, Abingdon, Smith's Creek, Timber
Grove, and Bristol, to Blountsville, Tennessee.
From Yellow Branch, by Arnoldton, to Lees-
ville.
From Yorktown to the Grove Landing.
From Yorktown, by Halfway C. H.and War-
wick C. H., to Yorktown.
From Yorktown, by Hay's Store, Hickory
Fork, Gloucester C. H., and North End, to
Matthews C. H.
From Zackville, by Elizabeth, Forks of Reedy
Creek, and M. D. W. Boggs, to New California.
North Carolina.—From Albemarle, by Elfred's
Mills, Morgan's Mills, Love's Level, and Ger-
man's Mills, to Clear Creek.
From Albemarle to Swift Island.
From Ashborough by Science Hill, Hill's Store,
Salem Church, and Lassiter's Mills, to Troy.
From Ashborough, by Moffii's Mills, Wad-
dell's Ferry, and Biown's Mills, to Prosperity.
From Ashville, by Flat Creek, Gilbert's, Bull
Creek, Indiana Gap, Double Springs, Gahagen's,
Big Laurel, Sulphur Springs, Tennessee, and
Love's, to Limestone Springs, Tennessee.
From Ashville, by Sulphur Springs, Hommeny
Creek, Pigeon River, Forks of Pigeon, Waynes-
ville, Peru,Scott's Creek, Franklin, Aquona Head,
Tennessee,Clayton, Valleytown, Temota, to iVjur-
phey, Georgia.
From Ashville, by Turkey Creek, Sandy Mush,
Spring Creek, Fine's Creek, Crab Tree, and
Johnathan's Creek, to Waynesviile.
From Ashville, by Sulphur Springs, Avery's
Creek, Mill River, Boilston, Claytonville, and Da-
vidson's River, to Cathey's Creek.
From Allemance to Monticello, by Summer's
Mills.
From Averysboro', by Pleasant Plains and Mc-
Neil's Ferry, to Summei ville.
From Barclaysville, in Cumberland county, by
Lee's Ferry, to Summerville.
From Beaufort to JarretPs Bay, in Carteret
county.
From Beaufort to Smyrna.
From Battle's Ford to Bunker Hill, via Dry
Ponds, Mountain Creek, and Lowrance's Mills.
From Beattie's Ford, by Shernll's Ford and
Lowrance's Mills, to Bunker Hill.
From Berea to Oak Hill.
From Blairsville, Georgia, by Mount Elia,
Brasstown, Fort Hembree, North Carolina, and
Tusquitee, to Acquoue.
From Brinkley ville to Areola.
From Brier Creek, by Hay Meadow and Mul-
berry, to Laurel Springs.
From Brookville, by Wilton,Tranquillity, Fish
Dam, West Point,Prattsburg, and Traces Store,
to Chapel Hill.
From Burgaw Depot, by Long Creek, Beatty's
Bridge, and Black River Chapel, to Harrell's
Store.
From Burnsville, by Day Book, to Longmire,
Tennessee.
From Burgow, or some other point on railroad,
to Bannerman, in New Hanover county.
From Burnsville, by Jack's Creek, Red Hill,
Big Rock Creek, and Limestone Cave, to Eliza-
bethtown, Tennessee.
From Carthage, by Pekin, to Centre, in Stan-
ley county.
From Casher's Valley to Clayton, in Georgia.
From Cathey's Creek, by Cherryfield, Hog-
back Valley, and Georgetown, to Casher's Val-
ley.
From Cedar Creek to Joy, by White Rock and
Big Laurel.
From Charlotte, by Alexandria, Davidson Col-
lege, Mount Mourne, and Fallstown, to States-
vitle.
From Charlotte, by Steele Creek, South Point,
Stowesvilie, Erasmus, Catawba Creek, Dallas,
and Nail Factory, to Lincolnton.
From Charlotte, by Tuckasagaand Woodlawn,
to Lincolnton.
From Charlotte, by Pineville, Pleasant Valley,
Belair, and Cureton's Store, Lancaster C. H.,
South Carolina, Pleasant Hill, Hanging Rock,
and Flat Rock, to Camden.
From Charlotte, by Sharon, Hemphill's Store,
Providence, Wolfsville, and Winchester, to Mon-
roe C. H.
From Charlotte, by Martindale, Hopewell,
Cowan's Ford, Adam's Store, Forney's, and Cot-
tage Home, to Beattie's Ford.
From Cheraw, South Carolina, by Stewarts-
town, North Carolina, Rockingham, Dockery's
Store, Covington,Powelton, Pekin, and McRae's
Mill, to Troy.
From Clear Creek to Albemarle, by Rowlands-
ville.
From Clinton, by Pine Grove, Monk's Store,
Newton's Grove, and Graughan's Store, to Mc-
Neill's Ferry.
From Clinton, by Gibb's Cross Roads, Holly's
Store, and Beman's Cross Roads, to McXeill's
Ferry.
From Concord, by Kirkland, Welch's Mills,
Pioneer M ills, Morrison's Tan Yard, Clear Creek,
Coburn's Store, Fullwood's Store, Oakviile, Mon-
roe C. H,, Walkersville, and Jacksonham, South
Carolina, to Lancaster C. H., South Carolina.
From Concord, by Oak Lawn, Park's Store,
and Davidson College, to Coddle Creek.
From Concord to Coddle Creek, by Mill Hill.
From Concord to Boat's Mills, by Mount Pleas-
ant.
From Columbia to Gum Neck.
From Columbia to Fort Landing-.
From Creeks Bridge to Knott's Island.
From Currituck C. H., by Coinjock and Poplar
Branch, to Pawell's Point.
From Cypress Grove Post Office, on the Wil-
mington and Raleigh railroad, via Long Creek,
Beatty's Bridge, and Black River Chapel, to
Harrel's Store, in New Hanover county.
From Dobson to Mount Airy.
From Durham's Creek, by South Creek, to
Bay River.
From Enfield, by Heathsville, Bunleysville,
Ringwood, and Sycamore Alley, to Enfield.
From Enfield, by Scotland Neck, Palmyra,
Hamilton, Williamston, and Gardner's Bridge, to
Plymouth.
From Edenton, by Billard's Bridge, Minton-
ville, Sunbury, Gatesville, Buckland, Somerton,
Holy Neck, and Factory Hill, to South Quay.
From Edenton, by Hertford, Woodville, Eliz-
abeth City, New Lebanon, South Mills, Lake
Drummond, and Deep Creek, to Norfolk.
From Elizabeth, by Newbagon Creek, back to
Elizabeth City.
From Elizabeth City to Norfolk, via Camden,
Shiloah, Indiantown, Cowell's Bridge, Currituck
C H., Greentown, Tull's Creek, Northwestern
Bridge, Hickory Giound, and Great Bridge.
From Elizabethtown, by Big Swamp, Fair
Bluff, Cerro Gordo, White Marsh, Whitesville,
and Western Prong, to Elizabethtown.
From Everettsville, by Whitefield's Mills,
Sleepy Creek, and Jericho, to Strabane.
From Fairfield, by Middletown, Lake Land-
ing, and Lake Comfort, to Swan Quarter.
From Fayetteville, by Silver Run, Manchester,
Johnsonville, Cranie's Creek, Carthage, Caledo-
nia, Auman's Hill, Stone Lick, White House,
Hill's fetore, Salem Church, Healing Springs, and
Silver Hill, to Lexington.
From Fayetteville to Salem.
From Fayetteville to Elizabethtown, by Terre-
bin, The Blocker's, Deseret, White Oak.
From Fayetteville, by Little Rock Fish, at St.
Paul's, Lumberton, and Leesville, to Fair Bluff.
From Fayetteville, by Dundarrach, Randalls-
ville, Montpelier, Laurel Hill, Springfield, and
Brightsville, South Carolina, to Cheraw, South
Carolina.
From Fayetteville, by Owensville, Clinton, and
Springfield, to Warsaw.
From Fayetteville to Kingsbury.
From Fayetteville, on the east side of Cape
Fear River, via Blockus, to Elizabethtown, Bla-
den county.
From Fayetteville, by Gray's Creek, Prospect
Hall, Lyon's Landing, Elizabethtown, White's
Creek, West Brook, to Robinson's.
From Fayetteville, by Blue's Bridge, McDon-
ald's Mills, Bastuck Mills, Rock Grove, Coving-
ton, Powelton, Pekin, Little's Mills, Pine Hill,
Dumas's Store, in Richmond, Swift Island,
Charles Creek, Mount Gilead, McCoe's Mills,
Troy, Montgomery C. H., Milledgeville, Mace-
donia, Clark's Mills, New Gilead, and Salem
Grove, to Argyle.
From Fayetteville, by Salem Grove, New Gil-
ead, Clark's Mills, Macedonia, and Troy, to
Swift Island.
From Fayetteville, by Kyle's Landing, Hill's
Ferry, McNeill's Ferry, Kingsbury, and Eleva-
tion, to Smithfield.
From Forestville, by New Light, Brookville,
and Tab's Creek, to Oxford.
From Forestville to Rolesville.
From Eranklin, to Chilhowee, by Cowee, De-
hart's Creek, and Alarka.
From Franklin, by Acquone, Valleytown,
Dawesville, Tomotte, Murphy C. H., and Ivy
Log, Georgia, to Blairsville, Georgia.
From Franklin Depot, by South Quay, Win-
ton, and Edenton, to Plymouth. '
From Franklin, to Clarksville, Georgia, via
Tennessee river, to Clayton and Tiger.
