2288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August.
From Franklinton, by Harris's Cross Roads,
to Hall's Cross Roads.
From Franklinton, by Wilton, Brookville,
Tallyho, Dial's Creek, Red Mountain, and Cald-
well, to Hillsboro'.
From Franklinville to Troy's Store.
From Gap Civil, by A. B. McMillan's, Flint
Hill, Laurel Spring, and Peakland, to Ashe C. H.
From Garner's Ford, by Pierceville,to Shelby.
From Gilchrist's Bridge to Blue'a Bridge, Rich-
mond county.
From Gourd Vine, by Morgan's Mills and
•Love's Level, to Clear Creek, Cabarras county.
From Graves, by Mayfield, Oregon, and Dan
River^ to Leaksville.
From Grassy Creek, by Childsville, Yellow
Mountain, Cranberry Forge, Roan Mountain,
Tennessee, and Dog River Cove, to Elizabeth-
town, Tennessee.
From Gravelly Hill, by Beatty's Bridge and
Colly Swamp, to Cain Tuck.
From Greensboro' to Madison, by Hillsdale
and Pleasantville.
From Greensborough, by New Garden, Friend-
ship, Jamestown, Kernersville, Limestone Well,
Rich Folk, Salem, Midway, Martin, and Lex-
ington, to Salisbury.
From Greensborough, by Fentriss Centre and
New Salem, to Ashborough.
From Greensborough, by Jamestown, Penn-
field, Brummel's, and Rich Fork, to Lexington.
From Greensborough, by Gilmer's Store,
Shaw's M'lls. Brick Church, Holt's Store, Harts-
horn, Rock Creek, Snow Camp, Sandy Grove,
Mudhek, Cane Cteek, Hadley's Mills, and Rock
ReNt, u> Pittsborough
From Greensborough, by Monticello, Thomas-
ville, Lenox Castle, Slaiie's, Locust Hill, and
Yanceyvtlle, to Milton.
From Greensborough, by Hillsdale, Monroe-
ton, Troublesome, Reidsville, Rawlingsburg,and
Graves, to Danville.
Fiom Gieenville, by Hookerstown and Snow
Hill, to Goldsborough.
From Greenville to Hamilton, by Ward's
Store.
From Greenville, to Hookerstown, by Cox-
ville, Johnson's Mills, and Ridge Spring.
From Greenville, by Jone's Gap and Davidson's
River, to Hendersonvilie.
From Hamptonville, by Lovelace, to Wilkes-
boro\
From Hamptonville, by Zion, New Hope,
Mount Pisgah, and Liberty Hill, to Statesville.
From Haywood, by Trade's Hill, Hackney's
Cross Roads, and Grove, to Green Level.
Fiom Haywood,by Martha's Vineyard, Chalk
Level, Nothington,aud Summerville, to McNeill's
Ferry.
From Head of B*y River to James Potter's, on
Goose C >ek island.
From Henderson to Williamsborough.
From Henderson, by Oxford, Berea, Roxbo-
rou^lij Leasburg, Moore's Store, Milton, Laurel
Grove, and Ringgold, Virginia, to Danville, Vir-
ginia.
From Hillsborough, by Hawfield, Mount Will-
ing, Meadow Creek, and McDamel's, to Rock
Creek.
From Hillsborough to Seaburg, in Caswell
county.
From Hillsborough, by Cedar Grove, Walnut
Grove, Prospect Hill, and Gordonton, to Leas-
burs.
From Hillsborough, by Walnut Grove and Van
Hook's Store, to Roxborough.
From Hillsdale, by Summerfield and Oak
Ridge, to Berlin.
From Hookerstown, via Johnston's Mills and
CoxviKe, to Greenville.
From Huntsville, by Red Plains, East Bend,
Forbush, Republic, Doweltown, and Mount Nebo,
to Rockford.
From lvy5 by Gabriel's Creek, Bull Creek,
Walnut Creek, and Brush Creek, to Warm
Springs.
From Ivy, by Clay, Flagg Pond, and Indian
Creek, to Longmire's, Tennessee.
From Jamestown, by Westminster and Deep
River, to Abbott's Creek.
Fiom Jamestown, by Hunt's Store, Normal
College, Thomasvilie, Fair Grove, La Grange,
New Market, New Salem, Sandy Creek, Troy's
Store? Long's MiMa, Patterson's Store, Snow
Camp, Clover Oichard, Lindley's Store, Clover
Garden, Bethmont, and Rock Spring, to Hills-
boro'.
From Jefferson, by North Fork, Taylorsville,
Tennessee, Pandora, Dugger's Ferry, Elizabeth-
town, Happy Valley, Blue Plum, to Jonesboro',
Tennessee.
From Jefferson to Gap Creek.
From Jefferson to Richard Gentry's, on New
river.
From Jefferson, by Hilton and Manly,to Big
Meadow.
From Jonesville to Judesville, by State Road.
From Johnsonville,by Harrington, Long Street,
Rollms's Store, Bryan's Store, and Packet, to
Johnsonville.
From Keyesville, by Wiliesburg, Christian-
ville, Red Oak Grove, Oakley, Clarksville, White
House, Black Walnut, Onegee, Hyco, Cunning-
ham, and Milton, to Yariceyviile.
From Kinston, by Sandy Foundation, Pink
Hill, and Buena Vista, to Hallsville.
From Kinston to Trenton, in Jones county.
From Laurel Hill to Rockingham.
From Laurel Hill,by Stewartsville,toGilopolis.
From Leesville, by Marysville, Gaddeyville,
Sugar Hill, South Carolina, and Temperance Hill,
to Marion C. H.
From Lenoir, by Lovelady, Catawba View,
and Wittemburg, to Taylorsville.
From Lenoir, by Deal's Mills and Little River,
to Taylorsville.
From Lexington, by Fair Grove, Eden, Hoo-
ver's Hill, and Sawyersville, to Ashboro'.
From Lexington, by Walter's Mills, Fulton,
Mocksvilte, County Line, and Oak Forest, to
Statesville.
From Lincolnton, by Nail Factory, Dallas,
Catawba Creek, Crowiler's Creek, Bethel, South
Carolina, and New Centre, to Yorkville, South
Carolina.
From Lincolnton, by Seigle's Store, Jacob's
Fork, and Mullgrove, to Morganton.
From Lincolnton, by Killian's Mills, Early
Grove, Newton C. H., Flint Rock,and Fisher's,
to CatawbaView.
From Littleton, by Grove Hill and Areola, to
Ransom's Bridge.
From Little Rock Fish, by Lumber Bridge, to
Philadelphus.
From Lumberton, by Philadelphus, Gilopolis,
Stewartsville, Cowper Hill, dueensdale, Alfords-
ville,and Clay Valley, to Lumberton.
From Lumberton, by Smith's Bridge and How-
ellsville, to Prospect Hall.
From Madison, by William Ward's, Martin's
Lime Kiln, Danbury, Piedmont Springs, and the
Cascade, to Wythevtlle, Virginia.
From Madison, by Ayresville, Crooked Creek,
Peter's Creek, Colesville, Francisco, and Big
Creek, to Mount Airy.
From Marion, by Black Mountain, Stone
Mountain, and Edneyville, to Hendersonvilie.
From Marion to Rutherfordton, by Sugar Hill
and Cedar Creek.
From Middleton to Cape Hatteras,
From Mason Hall, by Pleasant Grove, Big
Falls, Faucett'sStore, Mooresvil'e,and Hudson's,
Anderson's Store, and High Towers, to Lees-
burg.
From Monroe C. H .,by Winchester, to Wolfs-
viile.
From Morgantown, by Perkinsville, Collets-
ville, Globe, Valle Crucis, Sugar Grove, Boone,
Moretz Mill, and Elk Cross Roads, to Jefferson.
From Morgantown, by Lmville River, North
Cove, Grassy Creek, Bakersville, Ledger, Bald
Creek, Ivy, Democrat, Stockville, and Reem's
Creek, to Ashville.
From Morgantown, by Bridgewater, Marion,
Old Fort, and Swannano, to Ashville.
Prom Morgantown, by Bundleton, Mountain
Home, Minersville, and Cuba, to Rutherfordton.
Prom Mosely Hall, via Jerico, to Strabane.
Prom Mount Airy, by Hay Stack, Scull Camp,
and Judesville, to Gar) Civil.
Prom Mouth of Wilson, Virginia, by Potato
Creek, Gap Civil, North Carolina, and Elk Spur,
to Trap Hill.
F.om Murphey to Ellejay, via Nottla, Hot
House, Edom, and Santa Lucah.
Prom Murfreesboro', by Potecasi, St. John,
and Roxable, (Button's Cross Roads,) to Scot- I
land Neck. i
Prom Murfreesboro' to Boylston Depot.
Prom Nashville to Peach Tree Grove.
Prom Newbern, by Cravensville and Smyrna,
to Beaufort.
Prom Newbern, by Kinston and Mosely Hall,
to Goldsboro'.
Prom Nahunta, by Lowell.Bulan.St. Charles,
and Creachville, to Eagle Rock.
Prom Oxford, by Waterloo, Gregory's Mills,
Sassafras Pork, Brownsville, and Young's Cross
Roads, to Clarkesviile.
Prom Onslow C. H., by Piney Green, to
Swansborough.
Prom Oxford, by Tallyho, Dutchville, Knap of
Reeds, Stagville, South Lowell Mills, and Eno
Mills, to Hillsborough.
From Ocracoke, by Hallaway, Cass, and Ken-
nekeat, to Chickamacomico.
Prom Pittsboro', by Beaumont, Goldston,
Brush Creek, Buffalo Ford, Moffitt's Mills, Brow-
er's Mills, and Gold Region, to Caledonia.
From Pittsboro',by Pedlar's Hill, Gulf,Evan's
| Mills, Watson's Bridge, Centreville, and Flower
Hill, to Carthage.
From Plymouth, by Union and Scuppernong,
to Columbia C. H.
From Plymouth, by Washington and Swift
Creek Bridge, to Newbern.
From Pollocksville to Hadnot's.
From Pollocksville, by Palo Alto, to Swans-
boro'.
From Powell's Point to Shallow Bag Bay, on
Roanoke Island.
From Powell's Point, by Roanoke Island, to
Nagg's Head.
From Prosperity, by Pharr's Mills, to Car-
thage.
From Pungo Creek to North Creek.
From Quallatown, by Jonathan's Creek, to
Waynesville.
From Q,uallatown, by Governor's Island, Sti-
koih, Marka, and Fort Montgomery, to Valley-
town .
From Raleigh, by Auburn, Guliey's Store,
Smithfield, Boon Hill, to Goldsboro'.
From Raleigh, by Eagle Rock, Wakefield,
Stanhope, Sunny South, and Spring Hope, to
Wilson.
From Raleigh, by Barclaysville, Pleasant
Plains, Averysboro', Kyle's Landing, and Ma-
ry's Garden, to Fayetteville.
From Raleigh, by Nuse, Forestville, Pacific,
Franklinton, Kittrell, Henderson, Ridgeway, Ma-
con Depot, Littleton, Spring Hill, and Gaston,to
Weldon.
j From Raleigh,by Kelvin Grove, Roger's Store,
Fish Dam, Stagville, Red' Mountain, Daniel's
Mills, and Van Hook's Store, to Roxborough.
From Raleigh, by Holly Springs, Haywood,
Adolph, Pittsborough, St. Lawrence, Marley's
Mills, Red Creek, Franklinville, Cedar Falls,
Ashhorough, Carraway, Spencer, Silver Hill,
Cotton Grove, and Jersey Settlement, to Salisbury.
From Raleigh to Roxborough, via Flemington,
Stagville, Round Hill, Red Mountain, and Mount
Tirzah.
From Raleigh, by Moringville, Chapel Hill,
Hillsborough, Green Spring, Mason Hall, Gra-
ham, and Allemance, to Greensborough.
From Reid Creek, by Franklinville, Soapstone
Mount, and Troye's Store, to Reed Creek.
From Reidsville, by Wentworth and Eagle
Falls, to Leaksville.
From Reidsville, by Lawsonville and Black-
well's, to Yanceyville.
From Ridgeway, by Nut Bush, Palmer's
Springs, St. Tammany, and Merry Mount, to
i Ridgeway.
! From Ridgeway, by Exchange, Laynersville,
j Clarksville, Virginia, White House, and Hyco
I Falls, to Halifax C. H.
S From River Side to Harrington.
From Rock Creek, by Curtis's Mills and Ter-
ril's, to Graham, in Alamance county.
From Rockford, by Walnut Lane, Jonesville,
and Swan Pond, to Brier Creek.
I From Rockford, by Siloann, Stony Ridge, Old
i Richmond, Bethania, and Rural Hall, to German-
| town.
i From Rocky Mount, by Tarborough, Sparta,
! Falkland, Greenville, and Tactolus, to Washing-
! ton.
From Rocky Mount, by Hilliardstown, Bel-
ford, and Louisburg, to Franklin.
