1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1431
Territory of Kansas, to which the Indian title shall have
been extincmshed, shall constitute a new land district, to
be called the Pawnee district: the offices for each of which
district-* shall be established at such points <is the Pres.dent
may deem expedient; and he is hereby authorized to ap
point, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, a
register and a receiver of public moneys for each of said
districts, who shall be required to reside at the site of their
respective offices; and they shall have the same powers,
perform the same duties, and be entitled to tiie same com-
pensation, as are or may be prescribed by lawm relation to
other land officers of the United Slates; and the Piesident
is hereby authorized to cause the surveyed lands to be ex
posed for sale from time to time, in the same manner, and
upon the same terms and conditions, as the other public
lands of the United States.
Mr. J ON ES, of Tennessee. That, sir, is a new
bill of itself. It creates several offices, and pro-
vides for the survey of lands in a very extensive
region of country. It has never been printed; and
this is the first time that it has been presented to
the House. In order that we may have an oppor-
tunity to examine it, and to propose amendments,
if any should bedesirabie, I moveto recommit the
bill, with the proposed amendment, to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and that it be printed.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 trust the gentleman from
Tennessee will withdraw the motion he has just
made. To carry out this system of survey, it
wilt require an expenditure of money; and in or-
der to make that appropriation, a clause must be
inserted in the civil and diplomatic bill. Conse-
quently, this bill ought to pass in advance of that
bill, as I stated yesterday.
Pass this bill now,and the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands will then be prepared, when the civil
and diplomatic bill comes up, to offer an amend-
ment to appropriate the sum necessary to carry
out the provisions of this bill in regard to extend-
ing these surveys.
The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jontes,]
and the House generally, well understand that the
♦Territories of Kansas and Nebraska must remain
a sealed book, practically, to the people of the
United States; and ail this commotion about the
organization of those Territories will exist, in
point of fact, upon paper only, unlets you pass
this provision, which is now before the House.
These provisions are necessary, in order to open
ud the country to emigration.
'The SPEAKER. The Chair feels compelled
to remind the gentleman that, if debate arises, the
bill goes over.
Mr. DISNEY. I am aware of that, and I do
not desire to debate the proposition, but only to
make the remarks I have, to call the attention of
the House to the fact of the importance of passing
this bill before the civil and diplomatic bill is dis-
posed of.
In regard to the amendments to which the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] referred, I
say that there is not a provision in those amend-
ments except such as are already existing upon
the statute-book in relation to the survey of the
public lands—not a word.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is one, at
least.
Mr. HENN. I desire to make a single state-
ment in reply to the gentleman from Tennessee.
This bill was reported in lieu of two bills which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
It was framed after consultation with theCommis-
sioner of the General Land Office. They have
adopted this plan in order to have it disposed of
before the passage of the civil and diplomatic bill,
that the proper appropriation may be inserted in
that bill. %
Mr. JONES. I do not doubt the correctness
of the gentleman's statement; but I wish to have
the amendment printed, in order that we may
examine it, and ascertain what its provisions are.
I do not believe that it is wise for us, in all cases,
to vote for laws similar to those now upon the
statute-book. There is one provision which struck
my ear whilst the bill was being read, which I
should be very much pleased to have altered, not-
withstanding there are similar provisions upon
our statute-books in reference to the other Terri-
tories.
I should be pleased to see that portion of our
general laws in reference to the public lands, which
requires them to be put up at public sale, to the
highest bidder, stricken out. 1 should he glad to
see a provision adopted by which the public lands,
when surveyed, and brought into market, should
be subject to entry by actual settlers in limited
parcels, by actual cultivators, and Lno other per-
sons.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must again an-
nounce to the gentleman from Tennessee, that if
discussion arises, the bill must go over.
Mr. DISNEY, i desire to make a single state-
ment in regard to the provisions of this amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot de-
bate the bill. .
Mr. DISNEY. I will not debate the bill. I
wish to state a solitary fact, and will not say one
word by way of argument. I wish to say that
this amendment contains nothing but these pro-
visions:
First, that the lands in the Territories of Ne-
braska and Kansas shall be surveyed;
Second, that the office of surveyor general in
those Territories shall be created, and the officers
appointed;
Third, that the arrangements for the disposal
of the public lands in the said Territories shall
conform to existing laws; and
Fourth, that a land office shall be created.
These provisions are all the amendment con-
tains.
The question now being upon the motion to re-
commit the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, it was put; and the mo-
tion was disagreed to.
The question was taken on the amendment; and
it was agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I demand the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. ORR. 1 ask for tellers upon seconding the
demand.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. ConwiNand
Vail appointed.
The House was divided, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 94, noes 37.
So the previous question received a second.
The main question was then ordered to be now
put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was read
a third time, and passed.
Mr. HENN. I move to amend the title by
adding the words it Kansas and Nebraska."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the Housere-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. It was the unanimous un-
derstanding of the House, and, therefore, tanta-
mount to a suspension of the rules, that the ter-
ritorial business reported from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union that did
not give rise to debate should be disposed of.
Mr. McMULLIN. I withdraw my motion.
SURVEYOR GENERAL OF OREGON.
The bill next in order was House bill (No. 316)
u to amend the act approved September 27, 1852,
to create the office of surveyorgenerai of thepub-
lic lands in Oregon, &c., and also the act amend-
atory to the act amendatory thereof, approved
February 19,1853,"reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, with two
amendments.
The first amendment was as follows:
At the end of the third section add the following pro-
viso :
Provided, That no sale shall be deemed valid, unless the
vendor shall have resided four years upon the land-
The amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment was as follows:
In section four strike out the word granted," and in-
sert in lieu thereof the word "reserved;" and strikeout
the words " and applied to," and insert in lieu thereof the
word " for
So as to make it read :
That in lieu of two townships of land reserved to the
Territory of Oregon by the tenth section of the act of 1850
for universities, tnere shall be granted to each of the Terri-
tories of Washington and Oregon two townships of land,
of thirty six sections each, to be selected in legal subdi-
visions for university purposes, under the direction of the
Legislatures of the said Territories respectively.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, was read
the third time, and passed.
SURVEYOR GENERAL OF UTAH.
The following bill was reported by the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with a recommendation that it do not pass:
A bill to establish the office of surveyorgen-
erai in Utah, and to grant donations to actual set-
tlers therein, and for other puiposes.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to make a statement
of facts in regard to this matter.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Dis-
ney] be allowed to make a statement to the House.
Objection was made.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire, on behalf of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to offer someamendments
to this bill, which are precisely the same as those
which have been adopted to the bill that has just
passed the House. The House will see the im-
portance of passing on so much of this bill as pro-
vides for the survey of Jands in the Territory.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Ohio send up his amendments, that they may be
read ?
Mr. DISNEY. They are in the precise terms
of those adopted to the bill winch has just passed
the House.
Mr. W ALLEY. 1 object to the bill, and pro-
pose to debate it.
The SPEAKER. Then, according to the order
of the House, the bill must go over.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 desire simply to submit to
the House the reasons which induce the commit-
tee to endeavor to have these amendments adopted
by the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Walley] objects to the considera-
tion of the bill, and proposes to debate it. That
being the case, it is the duty of the Chair, under
the order of the House, to pass the bill over.
Mr. WALLEY. There is one provision in the
bill to which I object; and if the gentleman from
Ohio will consent to have that provision stricken
out, and if the House consent to it, I will with-
draw my objection.
Mr. DISftEY. What provision does the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts refer to?
Mr.WA LLE Y. To the pro vision with regard
to polygamy.
Mr. DISNEY. I would state to the House the
necessity that there is for the House to pass this
bill in advance of the civil and diplomatic bill, in
order that an appropriation may be made in that
bill for paying the expenses of the survey of this
Territory; and hence the postponement of the bill
at this time is equivalent to its defeat. Well,
now, the House has got into this condition with
regard to this matter, that if they will not permit
me to make an argument or explanation on the
subject, but pass over the bill, that action involves
the destruction of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be compelled
to pass the bill over, being objected to, unless
under the operation of the previous question, if
the House should choose to vote that way.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to appeal to
the gentleman from Massachusetts to withdraw
his objection to the bill, simply for the reason that
there is actually no difference between it and other
similar territorial bills. We ought not certainly
to abandon the public lands which have been in-
trusted to our charge; and the great object sought
by the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
is to provide for the appointment of a surveyor
general of Utah.
Mr. WALLEY. I will withdraw my objection
if the provision as to polygamy be stricken out
of the bill.
Mr. DISNEY. I find that there is a wrong im-
pression on the minds of members in reference to
this matter; the question of polygamy has no con-
nection whatever with this bill. 1 have already
stated to the House that the Committee on Public
Lands have cautiously avoided all participation in,
or connection with, this question. Nor does the bill,
in my judgment, at all affect, in one way or other,
this institution of Mormonism. If gentlemen
object to granting donations of land to settlers in
the Territory of Utah, let them make a proposi-
tion to strike out that part of the bill, ana I shall
not oppose it. But I appeal to the House to pass
so much of the bill, at all events, as provides for
the survey of the lands of the Territory of Utah.
Mr. WALLEY. If the gentleman from Ohio
agree to strike out the proposition about polyg-
