1482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
amy, I will maks no objection to the consideration
of the bill at this time.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman from Massachu-
setts will allow me, I think I will be able to show
how we may get on with the bill. The bill, as
reported from the Committee on Public Lands,
makes an exception to this Mormon institution of
polygamy; that is, it excepts those who are hus-
bands of more than one wife from a participation
in the benefits of the public lands. If we desire
to pass the bill with this exception in it, all that
we have got to do is to disagree to the report of
the Committee of the Whole House on the state
of the Union rejecting the bill, and then, when
the bill comes up for consideration, we can vote
for its adoption, if we are so inclined.
A Member. What is the exception in the bill ?
Mr. COBB. The exception is that a man
having more than one wife shall not be entitled to
a grant of land as donated in the bill.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. What is the
question now before the House? .
The SPEAKER. It ie upon a bill, reported
from the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, with a recommendation that it do not
pass. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney]
submits a series of amendments which have not
been read. He states, however, that they are pre-
cisely such as were attached to, and passed with
the bill, in reference to New Mexico, this morn-
ing.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then the first question is
upon agreeing.
TheSPEAKER. If it is insisted upon, the first
vote must be upon the recommendation of the
committee, that the bill do not pass.
Mr. STEPHENS. I submit that whether the
bill be passed or not, we ought to act upon it
before the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill;
and I ask the House to take the question without
debate.
Mr. COEB. I object to the consideration of the
bill.
The SPEAKER. Both upon the right and left
gentlemen object to the consideration of the bill,
and the Chair must pass it over.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I would inquire of
the Chair if it is not the duty of the House to
pass upon the recommendation of the committee,
whether objection is made or not?
The SPEAKER. Objection is made upon the
right and left, and 
Mr. TAYLOR. But, notwithstanding, is it
not the right of the House to pass upon the rec-
ommendation of the committee?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has, for half an
hour, endeavored tn bring the House to action
without debate; but he has indulged gentlemen in
their disposition to debate, beyond the limits pre-
scribed by the understanding this morning.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rail the previous
question.
Mr. COBB. I propose to debate the bill; but
still, if the House will take it m the shape in
which it came from the committee, I have no
objection.
I'he SPEAKER. The question arises whether
the gentleman has the floor for that purpose.
Mr. COBB. I raised my objection some time
ago, and before the previous question was called.
The SPEAKER. If, then, the gentleman pro-
poses to debate the proposition, the bill must go
over.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire Jo suggest to the
House, that they should vote down the rccom-
mendation of the committee.
The SPEAKER. But the geiuleninn from
Alabama [Mr. Cobb] rises in hm'place, and snys
he has objections to the bill,and proposes to debate
it, if acted upon at all.
Mr. DISNEY. I was about to make this sug-
gestion, that 
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. I submit
that the gentleman from Ohio is out of order.
Mr. DISNEY. I am not aware that ! am out
of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman is debating the proposition.
Mr. DISNEY. I do not offer any argument.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Cobb] proposes to debate the bill, and the
bill must go over; and the Chair further decides
that the bill has£one over. [Laughter.]
PRE-EMPTION LAWS IN MINNESOTA.
The bill next in order was House bill (No. 335,)
i; to extend the right of preemption overthe unsur-
veyed lands in Minnesota, and for other purposes.
Mr. RICE. I move the previous question.
The previous Question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be now put.
The bill was read in externa by the Clerk.
It was then ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and having been engrossed, was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LANDS OF THE SIOUX INDIANS.
A bill (H. R. No. 338) to authorize the Presi-
dent to cause to be surveyed the tract of land in
the Territory of Minnesota belonging to the half-
breeds or mixed bloods of the Dacotah or Sioux
nation of Indians, and for other purposes, coming
up next in order, was read tn exlenso by the Clerk.
Mr. RiCE. I move the previous question upon
the engrossment of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be now put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and having been engrossed, was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY HOAD ROGUE RIVER WAR.
Bills of the following titles, reported from the
Committeeof the Whole on the state of the Union,
without amendment, were next read, severally
ordered to be engrossed, and read a third time;
and being engro^aed, were read t he third time, and
H. R. No. 119. A bill to provide for the con- !
| tinuntion of a military road from Myrtle Creek \
i to Scottfiburg, in Oregon; and !
! II. R. No. 339. An act to authorize the Secic- ;
1 tary of War to settle and adjust the expense of j
1 the Rogue river war. :
MILITARY ROAD IN UTAH. |
The bill next m order was House bill (No. 340) ;
" to provide for the construction of a military road !
in the Territory of Utah." !
The bill was read through. ;
| Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. Wedonotknowi
| what kind of a road this is to be—whether a turn- !
pike or railroad. j
Mr. BERNIIISEL. It is to be a military road, j
Mr. JONES, Yes, sir, a " military road." Ii
move that the bill be laid upon the table. !
Mr. BERNHISEL 1 hope that motion may j
: not prevail. The road is very much needed.
; The question was taken, and the House refused j
: to lay the bill upon the table; there being, on a !
! division—ayes 24, noes not counted. 1
i Mr. McMULLIN (unanimous consent being
| given) said: I would like very well to have some
. explanation of this bill.
1 Mi. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
; the previous question on the passage of the bill.
| The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
! ginia has the floor by unanimous consent.
Mr. McMULLIN. I understand from the Del-
egate from Utah that it is a wagon road. 1 am
■ not disposed to make opposition; but tt seems to
me that we ought not to pass a bill in this way,
i without any kind of explanation.
; The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
i lead a third time; and having been engrossed, it
i was read the third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it, was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 55; as follows:
YE Aborcrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allt'iu David J. Baity* }>aii, Banks, lirlcher, Bell,
Btn-oi!, Benton, Breckinridge, Buyg, Campbell, Chamber
lam, Chastam, Clark, Cliritnnan, Onrwm. Crocker, Curtis,
John (j. Travis, Dawson, Disnev,Dunbar. Eddy, Edmandf,
Thomas I . jJhdi. Eihrridue, Evirhart, Ewwg, Florence-
Cnodiich, Aaron liarlr.n. Andrew J. tjarlau, Wiley P. Har.
ritf,Harrison. EUvo.i, H<=udnek?, Henn, Hill, Howe.Hughes,
Hunt, Ingorsnil, Lamb, Latham, Lmdipy, Lindsley/Mc-
' Puugall, Macy, Maxwell, Mayali, Middleawarth, John G.
Miller, Smith Miller, Nichols, Mordecai Oliver, Parker,
Preston, Ready, Keese, David Ritchie, Robbing, Sdbin,
Shower, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, George W. Smyth, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Ste-
phens, Hesstor L. Stevens, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Thurston, (Jphuni, Vail, Walker, Walley, Elhhu
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, and Westbrook—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Boeoek, Boyce, Bridges, Carpenter,
Catkie, Chiisman, Uhurctnvell, Cobb, Dick, Dowdell,
Dunham, JBdmundson, John M. Elliott, Ellison, Flagler,
Goode, Greenwood, Hamilton, Hastings, Hillyear, Hous-
ton, Johnson, Daniel T.Jones, George W. Jones, J Glancy
Jones, Kidwell, Knox, Kurtz, Lilly, McCulloch, McMul-
hn, Mace, Millson, Morgan, Murray, Orr, Peek, Penning-
ton, Bishop Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Pratt, Thomas
ititehey, Rogeis, Ruftin, KusseM, Sage, Sewatd, Shaw,
Samuel A. Smith, John J. Taylor, Tracy, Trout, Witte,
and Daniel B. Wright—55.
So the bill was passed.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES TN UTAH.
The next bill that came up for consideration
was " A bill to refund to the Territory of Utah
the expenses incurred by said Territory in sup-
pressing Indian hostilities."
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
l a third time; and having been engrossed, it was
j subsequently read the third time, and passed.
! SURVEYOR GENERAL IN NEW MEXICO.
J The SPEAKER. The business next in order
\ is Senate bill No. 220, being " An act to establish
I the office of surveyor general in New Mexico, to
I grant donations to actual settlers therein, and for
! other purposes."
I Mr. HENN. I presume it is unnecessary t®
take any action upon this bill,as we have already
passed a bill of a similar character. 1 move that
it be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
CIVIL OFFICERS—MILITARY GOVERNMENT
j OF NEW MEXICO.
: The bill next in order was House bill (No. 294^
; " for the payment of the civil officers employed in
i the Territory of New Mexico while under mill-
| tary government;" which was reported by the
i Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
I with amendments.
] The first amendment was then read, as follows:
! At the end of the first section, add the following
| proviso:
Provided, That under the provisions of this act no com-
pensation shall be made to any officers of the Army of the
United Staten, for discharging the duties of any civil office in
the Territory of New Mexico.
The amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment was to strike out the
following section:
i Sfc.2. Jind he it further cnactcd, That ihe Secretary of
. War be, and lie ib hereby, authouzed to pay to such agont
! ns may be appointed to reccivc the eamc on behalf of the
Territory ot New Mexico, the sum of $12,098 64, the,
amount advanced from the treasury of said Territory in
part payment ot the salaries of the civil officers aforesaid.
i The amendment was agreed to.
! The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
i read a third time; and having been engrossed, it
j was subsequently read the third time, and passed.
; UTAH BILL AGAIN.
• Mr. COBB. I dislike the one-man power. 1
i have been always opposed to it. And as X have
had the power, perhaps, to impede or stop the
progress of legislation on a certain bill here—I
mean the bill which proposes to grant land and
establish the office of surveyor general for the
Territory of Utah—I desire now to correct what
I have done in that regard. Ry my objection to
the consideration of that bill, I have, perhaps,
defeated it; and 1 propose now to withdraw my ob-
jection, provided I can do so. The bill, I believe,
as amended, provides that the benefits of the act
shall not extend to any person who shall now, or
at any time hereafter, be the husband of more
than one wife. Now, as I am desirous that the
majority shall always govern, I am willing to
withdraw my objection, provided the House will
take a vote on concurring in the recommendation
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, which is adverse to the bill. That
being done, then let some gentleman make a mo-
tion to strike out that provision. If it be the de-
sire of the majority of the House to strike out the
objectionable'provision, why, then we ought to
yield to the majority. That is my opinion.
The SPEAKER. Then, if there be no objec-
tion, the vote will be first taken on the report of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
