1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1433
Union; which is> that the bill referred to be re-
jected.
Mr. MILLSON. I ris^to a pointof order; and
I premise by saying:, that it is not as to this par-
ticular case I raise the point; but it is a question
whrich frequently comes up, and ought to be defi-
nitely settled. When a biU is presented to the
House, and objection is made to its consideration,
and when the House pa3Ses iVom fe considera-
tion or such bill because of the objection,it is not
Competent, I contend, at a subsequent period, for
the gentleman making the objection to withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The^Chair at once compre-
hends the force of the gentleman's point of order.
The gentleman is certainly correct with regard to
the rule. A bill so objected to, and passed over,
cannot be considered, except by the unanimous
consent of the House, -Hence, the Chair, in put-
ting the question, used the words 4t if there be no
objection;" by which he meant that it required the
unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. MILLSON. That is, so far as the bill is
concerned^ But my point £oes a little further.
What 1 contend for is this: There may be twenty
gentlemen in the House intending to object to a
bill, and when one of them objects, the rest may
leave the House, assured that the question cannot
come up again, and may be absent at the time the
first objector withdraws his objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that fact
does not affect the principle; for it is competent
for the House to set aside its rules by unanimous
consent. Hence, in this case, the Chair decides
that if it is the unanimous pleasure of the House,
the bill may be taken up; and in that case the first
vote will be upon the report of the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. DISNEY. My desire is to avoid all diffi-
culty. 1 anticipated the objection, and I concur
In the view presented by my colleague upon the
Committee on Public Lands, [Mr. Cobb.] But
there is a difficulty yet in the way which I desire
to get rid of. If this bill should be taken up, under
the arrangement made by the House this morning,
"and debate should arjse, it must go over. The bill
is upon the Speaker's table, and there are but a few
bills ahead of it. In order to accomplish the ob-
ject I have in view, and the common object of all,
I move that the House proceed to the business
upon the Speaker's table. That will bring up the
matter.
The SPEAKER. In reply to the remarks of
the gentleman, the Chair states that it is the duty
of the Chair, no motion being made, to go to the
Speaker's table, and dispose of the private bills
upon it, this being private bill day. It is the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Are there
not some other territorial bills to be acted upon?
The SPEAKER. There are not.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I understand that at the
last time the House had under consideration ter-
ritorial business, there was a bill reported making
a grant of land to aid in the construction of a |
railroad in one of the Territories. |
The SPEAKER. It was not reported from the |
Committee of the Whole at all, !
Mr. WASHBURNE. There certainly was j
such a bill before the House. :
The SPEAKER. There is such a bill upon j
the Speaker's table; but it belongs to the morning ]
hour. It is not a private bill, however, and would |
not come up during the morning hour to-day, this :
being private bill day. j
Mr. DISNEY. 1 make the motion that the j
House proceed to the business on the Speaker's j
table. I
The SPEAKER. It is not necessary to make j
the motion, as that is the business before the j
body. |
SENATE BILLS. !
The following Senate bills were then taken from j
the Speaker's table, read a first and second time J
by their r.espeetive titles, and referred as indicated ;
below: , J
S. B. No. 400. An act for the relief of William ■
Diier. Referred to the Committee on Foreign j,
Affairs. |!
S. R. No. 19. An act for the relief of Rebecca !'
J. Birdsall. Referred to the Committeethe on !
Post Office and Post Roads. j
S. R. No. 17. A resolution giving the consent
of Congress to the reception, by Lieutenant M. '■
| F. Maury, of the Navy, of a gold medal from his
) Majesty the King of Sweden.
Mr. ORR. I ask that the last reported resolu-
! tion may be put upon its passage.
; The resolution was read.
| Mr, SKELTON. I desire to inquire of those
better acquainted with the proceedings of Con-
, gress than I am, whether this resolution is not in
I contravention of the Constitution of the United
| States?
Mr. ORR. It is to remedy that very difficulty
j that the resolution is introduced. He cannot
j accept the medal without the consent of Congress,
j Mr. SKELTON. Can the m&jority of this
! House, or of Congress, authorize an act in viola-
! tion of the Constitution of the United States?
' The SPEAKER. The language of the Con-
1 ptitut'on i«? if the Chair may be permitted to state
it, " without the consent of Congress." It is
therefore competent for Congress to give their
consent. There can be no doubt of that fact.
Mr. I1AVEN. I hope the resolution will be
passed without further objection.
The resolution was then read a third time, and
passed.
1 Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the rules be
; suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
| a Committee of the Whole for the purpose of
i considering bills upon the Private Calendar.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. LILLY. I ask the consent of the House
! to withdraw from its files the papers in the case
I of Mary R. Adrian.
■ Several Members. For what purpose?
' Mr. LILLY. If the House will permit me, I
will state the reason. The papers were presented
: here for thepurpose of perfecting the proof in the
case. The application for relief, however, has
been rejected by the committee to which it was
: teferred. The applicants do not, so far as I am
. aware, intend to renew the claim; but thesepapers
■ are valuable family relics, and it is for that reason
that they wish to have them withdrawn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 think copies had
better be left with the House.
; Mr. LILLY. Certainly; that will be done.
| There being no objection, leave was granted for
; the withdrawal of the papers.
j Mr. HAVEN. I would like to inquire what is
I the next lull in order upon the Speaker's table ?
I The SPEAKER. It is the Senate amendment
! to the resolution for an adjournment.
| Mr. HAVEN. I hope that resolution will be
; taken up and disposed of.
The SPEAKER. A motion is pending to go
into a Committee of the Whole House, which
must be first disposed of.
The question was then taken on Mr. PIen-
d ricks's motion; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I think this House
has done as much business as can be profitably
performed to-day, and I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 move that the House
proceed to the consideration of the business on
the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order, j
from the fact that the morning hour has not com- J
menced. |
Mr. JONES. Then I insist that the morning I
hour shall now commence. ;
WEEKLY MAILS TO THE PACIFIC COAST.
The SPEAKER. The consideration of a bill ;
of the following title is the first business in order i
during the morning hour, which has now com- j
menced: j
H.R. No. 333. A bill to provide a weekly mail
service between the Atlantic States and San Fran-1
cisco. j
Mr. CAMPBELL. Is it in order to move that j
the House now proceed to the consideration of the j
business upon the Speaker's table? j
The SPEAKER. It is not, and it will not be j
in order until the morning hour has expired. i
The bill was then read through. ;
Mr. McDOUGALL. It will be remembered j
by the House, that some six weeks ago the gentle- !
man from Tennessee [Mr. Churchwell] brought j
forward a proposition for weekly mail service to |
California. At that time it seemed to bethealmost j
unanimous wish of members to secure that weekly 1
j mail service to the Pacific coast, which so much
| needed it. No objection was made, except to the
j terms of the gentleman's bill- After discussion
| on the measure, the Committee on the Post Office
! and Po^st Roads took the subject under considera-
{tion. They prepared a bill—the one now before
| us—to meet the express views of the body, which
j they unanimously directed me to report.
I 1 will state that the Postmaster General, in his
; annual report, said that this service was required,
j It is known, and it is unnecessary to debate the
i question, that the present mail service to Califor-
j nia is inadequate to the necessities of the country.
; Between the Atlantic cities we have a daily mail
, service; between the Pacific and those cities there
j is only a tri-monthly mail. It is true that a large
jj amount is about being expended for the purpose
\[ of carrying a semi-monthly m&il to California.
I, The call for this weekly mail service is not only
i made by the people of the Pacific, but it is also
( made by the people of the Atlantic States. It is
essential for proper intercourse between the two
sections of the Union. I shall not discuss the
1 question. My only object is to have the measure
1 understood.
The bill now presented simply proposes that
the Postmaster General shall advertise for pro-
, posals, and that he shall give the contract to the
| lowest bidder. I will not consume the time of the
' House by discussing the bill further at this time,
j Mr. FULLER. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
| from California what proportion of the expense
i now incurred by the Government is reimbursed
I by the vessels already organized for the mail ser-
i vice ?
j Mr. McDOtTGALL. I cannot state exactly,
j I will say that the amount of letter carriage is
I nearly double by the Panama route that carried
| by the Collins line to Liverpool.
! Mr, TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to ask the
: gentleman from California, whether the bill which
: he proposes, and which is now under considera-
. tion, will interfere with the present mail contracts
between the eastern cities and California?
< Mr. McDOUGALL. Not at all
| Mr. TAYLOR. I have no objection to the bill
i then, and hope it will pass.
1 Mr. McDOUGALL. I demand the previous
' question.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I hope thegentleman
from California will withdraw the demand for the
I previous question so that I may offer an amend-
ment,
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understand the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, and I
would like to oblige him very much, but I cannot
withdraw the demand for the previous question,
| His proposition has already been considered and
I voted down.
| Mr. CHURCHWELL. I hopemyfriend from
i California will allow the amendment to be read for
; the information of the House.
j " The SPEAKER. The previous question having
I been demanded cuts off all amendments; but if no
! objection is made the amendment of the gentle-
man from Tennessee will be read for information.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I hope the amend-
ment will be entertained by unanimous consent. I
desire it to come in at the end of the sixteenth
section.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
Provided, That the contract shall be according to time,
and not to exceed fourteen days from poit to port.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object,
; The previous question was seconded; and the
J main question ordered to be now put.
; The question then being on ordering the bill to
; be engrossed and read the third time,
Mr. TAYLOR., of -Ohio, demanded tellers;
which were ordered; and Messrs. Churchwell
; and Vail were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
( ported—ayes 68, noes 53.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and having been engrossed, it
5 was subsequently read the third time.
i The question being on the passage of the bill,
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the
yeas and nays.
! The yeas and nays were ordered.
! Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. As the previous
j question has not been moved on the passage of
; the bill, it is in order, I presume, to make some
i remarks upon it.
