1854.
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
725
i/omrnutee cm i
STEM. ▼
Mr. PRESTON. I am perfectly willing to refer
the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
referring the bill to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary; and the previous question has been de-
manded.
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to inquire if there is
not a motion pending to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. There is no such motion,
ft must be apparent to gentlemen upon the floor,
that, unless the House preserve better order, we
shtdl not understand each other very well in our
action here. The Chairstated distinctly thatthere
wag not a motion pending to commit the bill to the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union.
The gentleman from Ohio seems not to have un-
derstood what the Chair said in regard to the state
of the question before the House. Thegendeman
from Onio demanded the previous question after
the motion to commit was made, and that is the
oniy motion«pending in regard to the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understood that the gen-
tleman from Kentucky moved to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and that the previous question would oper-
ate on that motion to commit.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Preston] first moved to refer the bill
to the Committee of the Whole, but he changed
the motion to that of reconsidering the vote by
which the bill had been ordered to a third reading;
which became the motion of the gentleman under
the rule, and, under the operation oi the previous
question, cut off the motion to commit.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
commit, and agreed to.
So the bill was referred to the Committee pn the
Judiciary.
WAREHOUSING SYSTEM
Mr. FULLER. I rise to a question of recon-
sideration. i move to reconsider the vote by
which Senate bill No. 39, reported back from
the Committee on Commerce to this House with
a recommendation that it do pass, was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
This is a bill " to extend the warehousing sys-
tem by establishing private bonded warehouses,
and for other purposes.'5
I desire upon the question, if it is in order, on
the motion to reconsider, to explain the reasons
why 1 make the motion. While I am doing this,
if gentlemen will be kind enough to send to
their document room and procure Senate hill No.
39, and miscellaneous document of the House
No. 15, they will readily see the necessity there
is for immediate action upon this biil. I gave
notice when I reported the bill back from the
Committee on Commerce that I would seek an
early opportunity to bring: up this question, and
to ask the consideration of it by the House.
This biil passed the Senate at a former Congress,
it was not acred on by the House for want of time.
It passed the Senate again at this session. It has
been considered by the Committee on Commerce.
The hill has been carefully examined by the head
of the Treasury; and i believe its provisions are
in conformity with the views of that officer. The
bill proposes to change the existing law on the
subjectof warehousing—thestatuteof 1846—m two
paiticulais. First, it proposes to abolish thepubhc
warehouse, and to substitute in its stead the pri-
vate bonded warehouse. Secondly, under the law
of 134G, the warehouse act, the time for which
goods may be stored in warehouses fcfr reexporta-
tion is limited to three years, and for domestic
consumption to one year. Tins bill proposes to
place goods warehoused for domestic consumption
on the same footing with goods warehoused for
exportation. The other provisions of the bill
are mainly to enable the Secretary of the Treasury
the better to carry into effect the law, which pro-
visions have been copied from the instructions here-
tofore given by the Treasury Department.
There is a further provision. The sixth sec-
tion incorporated in the bill, by way of amend-
ment, was recommended by the Comnuuee on
Commerce. It provides that goods once with-
drawn from one warehouse for transhipment to
another warehouse, shall be properly guarded
against the commission of frauds upon the reve-
nue; and upon that point, Mr. Speaker, I ask to
have the Clerk read from his desk the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, under date of January
28, and the letter of the collector of the port of
New Orleans, under date of January 18, explan-
atory of the sixth section of the bill.
The following letters were accordingly read from
the Clerk's desk:
Treasury Department, January 28, 1854.
Sir: I have the honor to inclose a copy of a letter, this
day received from S. W. Downs, collectorof New Orleans,
showing.the inefficacy of the existing law to secure the pos-
session by the Government, until the duties are paid, of
goods transported in bond, and the importance of passing
the bills in your hands on that subject. You will perceive
that m that district atone there are now thirty transportation
entries outstanding from three to six months, on which
neither the duties have been paid nor the goods warehoused;
and that, in some instances, the goods transported have been
actually sold without delivery or payment to the officers of
the customs at the place of destination. This requires the
promptest remedy.
I am, very respectfully, JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. T. J. D. Fuller,
Chairman Committee on Commerce,
House of Representatives.
Costom-Hoose, New Orleans. >
Collector's Office, January 18, 1854. $
Sir : [ have the honor to nrf'orm you that there aieat the
present time a-s many as thirty transportation entries from
New YorWHo this port on which the parties have neither
paid the duties nor rew arehou-sed the goods, though some
of the entries bear date from tlnee to mx months old. i
deem it my duty to call your attention to tins fact, for the
purpose of suggesting to yon the adoption of some remedy
against the delay now attending the canceling of the bonds
given in the cate of thet-e goods, and to compel the parties
' either to pay the duties or rewarehouse thein on their ar-
rival at the port of destination before going into their pos-
session.
Under the present regulations the goods are delivered to
the paities withdrawing for transportation upon their exe-
cuting the necessary bond ; but as the collectorat the port
of destination has no knowledge of their ai rival, the owner
or consignee takes possession of them, and m most cases
sells them before paying the duties.
Whenever the parties have been called upon by me for
the payment of duties they have stated that they have been
in possession of the goods for some time; ami in some in-
stances they have stated that they were not aware that the
duties had to be paid here.
As it certainly could never have been intended by the
Treasury Department that these soods should go into the
posr-e^sion ot the consignees, and be liable to be disposed
of before the duties are paid, I would most respectfully
suggest, that hereafter goods in transportation should in all
cases be produced and deported with the collector of the
poit of destination, whether the intention of the consignee
or owner is to pay the duties on arrival or rewaieliou^e;
and in default of compliance with this regulation the goods
be rendered liable to seizure, with the further penalty of the
forfeiture of the bond.
i Referring you to Tieasury circular No. U4, dated 17th
I Febiuary, 1849, containing general jnstiuctions under this
' head, and soliciting your fuither instructions in the matter,
I I have the honor to be your most obedient servant,
i S. W. DOWNS, Collector.
' Hon. James Guthrie,
; Secretary of the Treasury, Washington Cxty,
| Mr.FULLER. Inthatconnection,Mr. Speak-
j er, i desire to call the attention of gentlemen, and
! particularly of my friends from the West, to a
I provision contained in this bill. Under the ware-
1 house system, by the increased trade and com-
i merce of the great West, where there are growing
I up large commercial cities, such as Cincinnati,
! St. Louis, and other important places in that
! valley, to which foreign goods are imported in
j great quantities for domestic consumption. Im-
I portations are made in large ships at the pres-
!| ent time, with perhaps from a hundred to one
'| hundred and fifty different consignees, by original
H importers, many of them merchants residing in
: those cities, who order their goods direct from
! Europe, rather than obtain them by second-hand
purchases from New York importers. 1 say,
|i under the warehouse system, when those ships
1 arrive at Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York, or
Boston, the cargoes are taken out and distributed
! in the original packages to their several points of
i destination. This provision enables those original
i importers to put those goods—the amount of duties
j being first determined at the first accessible cus-
. tom-house or port—under transportation bond for
| the ultimate place of destination.
j The bill contains a further provision, that if
ii such goods are destroyed while in transitu by the
i burning of the steamboat upon which they are
! being conveyed, or by running foul of a snag, or
!i by any other casualty, and so do not complete
i the voyage, the owner shall not be subjected to
! I the payment of the duties any more than lie would
ii be liable to the payment of duties if the goods
were destroyed crossing the ocean. It does,
therefore, protect the rights, and facilitate the im-
portation of foreign merchandise, by the resident
merchants of the great inland cities of the West.
That is one important provision contained in
this bill. And, furthermore, it seems to be the
desire—as it is very natural it should be—of my
friends from that section of the country, that they
should have custom-houses and warehouses' in
their large cities where imports may be stored.
Why should they not enjoy the privilege of stor-
ing their goods in warehouses in these great cities
as well as the importers in the Atlantic cities?
Take, for instance, the article of hardware, which
enters largely into the consumption of the people
of the western country; large.stocks are imported,
and they must remain on hand for a long time
before actual consumption. Sir, a warehouse in
the city of St. Louis should occupy the same posi-
tion as the warehouse of Sheffield, England, from
whence goods may be taken on payment of duties
to supply the wants of the country.
. This bill is intended to perfect and carry out
practically the principles of the great warehouse
system, to give the merchants and importers at
the great inland commercial points the benefits of
the system, as was intended by Mr. Walker in
his recommendations upon the subject in the year
1846. It will be recollected that it was originally
intended that goods for domestic consumption
should be placed upon the same footing as those
for reexportation; but perhaps public opinion was
not then quite up to this point.
Another reason why this bill should be passed
is, that goods warehoused for domestic consump-
tion cannot be withdrawn from the warehouse and
shipped to California, if three or six months of the
limited period has expired before the importer
has opportunity for sale. Hence the owners of'
this merchandise would be deprived of the benefit
of the warehouse system, because the time at
which he must pay the duty upon them will arrive
while they are being transported from one place
t<  another.
Now, sir, if this question should not be finally
acted upon this morning, f hope gentlemen wilt
look a little into its details before it comes up
again for consideration. Without consuming
more time upon the subject, I will simply refer gen-
tlemen to the letter of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in document No. 57, 7th volume Executive
Documents, 1848. And I beg also to refer them
to another report upon the warehouse system,
made by Mr. Simpson, from the Committee on
Commerce, the 10th March, 1846. The whole
subject, I humbly conceive, is expressed in these
two documents.
This bill is intended only to perfect and carry
out the details of the system then recommended
by the Secretary of the Treasury and by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and which m part went into
effect under the act of 1846. In this act we have
incorporated such provisions merely as time and
experience and the propersafeguards of theTreas-
ury seemed to demand. With these verbal ex-
planations of the details of the bill, I will merely
ask the House to reconsider the vote they have
taken. with a view at a proper time of putting the
bill upon its passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, if the gentleman
from Maine is not very anxious to press this ques-
tion to a vote this morning, i will move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. FULLER. I would inquire of the Chair
whether, if the House now resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of tlieUnion,
this matter 'ivill come up as the first business in
order during the morning hour to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. FULLER. Then I do not object to the
motion which has been submitted by the gentle-
man from Tennessee.
Mr. ORR. I would ask the gentleman from
Tennessee to yield me the floor until I can submit
a motion to close debate in the Committee of the
Whole on the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman can offer his
resolution as a privileged question._
On motion by Mr. LATHAM, it was
Ordered That leave be granted tor the withdrawal of the
petition anil papers of U. VV. Tonentsfroill the files of the
House, that they may be referred to a committee of the
1 Senate.
