1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1485
they have complied with the contract, then the
only way in which we can get clear of it is by
taking the steamers at a valuation.
Mr. MACE. I take great pleasure in inform-
ing the gentleman, that with no requirement of the
contract has the company complied, neither as to
the tonnage of the steamers, the time of service,
nor anything else. In no particular has the law
been complied with, from its enactment down to
the present time.
Mr. HOUSTON*. I should like to ask the
gentleman a question at that point. Has not the
Government accepted all the vessels, and thus
waived any rights itmay have had in consequence
of a non-fulfiilment of the requirements of the
contract ?
Mr. MACE. In answer to the gentleman from
Alabama, I will remark, that so fur as the action
of Congress is concerned,! find nothing of accept-
ance. 1 find a commodore, lieutenant, or captain,
* has made acceptance, but 1 do not think that
acceptance binds the Government.
Mi*. HOUSTON. I do not understand that
the contracts are required to be submitted to Con-
gress It is submitted to the Navy Department.
If the steamers are built in conformity to the law
and the contract, the Secretary of the Navy re-
ports as to that fact, and then the Postmaster Gen-
eral does or does not make acceptance. *
Mr. MACE. In regard to that point I will
inform the House that propositions were made to
the Government of the United States to construct
steamers of certain dimensions, for the perform-
ance of certain mail service. The first contracts
expressly specified that the requirements oneand
all, should be fulfilled by the contractors. Some
modifications were made afterwards, and the Col-
lins Steamer Company was relieved from a certain
portion of their original contract. As I have
already remarked, if! had time, I could most con-
clusively show that in almost every essential, as
to size of the vessels, tonnage, value, commence-
ment of mail service, number of trips, &c., these
companies have all violated the law every six
months, since the making of the contracts down
to the present time. I can demonstrate, I think,
beyond all controversy, and to the satisfaction of
the House, that Congress has the indisputable
right to annul all these contracts, and at any time.
Mr. BARRY. I would ask permission of the
gentleman to submit an amendment. When he
concludes I may not be able to get the floor.
Mr. MACE. I yield to the gentleman for the
purpose indicated.
The SPEAKER. The bill having been ordered
to be engrossed, amendment is not now in order.
The amendment will be read, by unanimous con-
sent, for information.
There was no objection, and it was read,as fol-
lows:
Add the following proviso :
Pioruled, That tins act shall not tako efiVct until iho
present contract for carrying the mail between New York
and California is lescmded.
Mr. BARRY. If there be no objection, I pre-
sume the amendment can be received.
The SPEAKER. It can be received by unani-
mous consent only.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 object.
Mr. MACE. I would again remark that it
would be an advantage to the Pacific mail service
not to press the consideration of this bill at the
present time. I do know that there are facts con-
nected with this service which should be laid be-
fore the House and country. When we are in
possession of those facts, and ascertain theground
upon which we stand, there will be no difficulty
in affording California much better facilities than
she now has, I feel as deep an interest in afford-
ing increased mail facilities to that region of coun-
try as any gentleman possibly can; but I think it
entirely premature to appropriate $250,000 for
that service at this time. I think that such an ap-
propriation, under the circumstances of the case,
would be wrong; and I do notbelieve that the bill
ought to pass at present.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to reply to the
gentlemen who have made objections to this bill,
and to give the reasons why I have thought it pru-
dent and wise to bring the measure forward now,
without waiting for the action of Congress upon the
measure abrogating the present contract. I took
pains to ascertain whether, if those contracts were
abrogated, we could then contract for a weekly
service to California; and 1 find that no one of the
companies organized and now running steameis
to Aspmwail or San Juan, can do more than make
bi-monthly trips, and there can be no competition.
A weekly service would require four trips a month
both ways, and therefore it would be necessary,
if this contract were abrogated, to provide for two
bi-monthly contracts. It we ate to have weekly
service, it will in no respect interfere with exist-
ing contracts, or the making of new ones. No
contract can be made for weekly service with
any company except the Pacific Mail Steam-
ship Company; they have both ships, capital, and
power to perform such service. We propose now
a bi-monthly service; and, on the abrogation ot
the present contiact, a new contract providing
also for bi-monthly service; thus providing weekly
service.
Now, I want to say to the House, that the ex-
isting contract was made some years since. Cali-
fornia was not then a State of this Union, and had
no Representatives upon this floor. If that con-
tract is not a wise and provident one, the Pacific
coast is not responsible for it. We are entitled
to this service. We ask it as a matter of right.
It was the duty of this Government to furnish us
with proper mail facilities. You have not done
it. This weekly mail service is demanded alike
by the entire commercial interests of the Atlantic
coast as of the Pacific coast. We are fti no sense
responsible for the mal-Jegislation of Congress
years ago, and before we had any voice in this
Capitol. But, because an improvident contract
was made by a previous Congress, we are told by
gentlemen, Representatives here, that our rights
are to be withheld from us—our necessities over-
looked. I think (hat it would be an injustice to
us. The decision is unjust, and the ieasomng
unsound.
Mr. Speaker, we of California are not princi-
pally interested in this question. The great com-
mercial mteiests of the Atlantic sea-board are more
deeply interested in it than outselves. That we
should have intercommunication between the At-
lantic and Pacific is of the first importance to these
commercial interests. Now, gentlemen say to us,
we must watt till the existing mail arrangements
are canceled. But, I ask, why wait till the Jaw
passes abrogating the present contract ? Who is
there on this floor that has the right to say that
that contract can or will be abrogated? There is,
first, the tribunal of this House for the question
to pass, and there is then the tribunal at the other
end of the Capitol, and then there is the President,
and after all there is an appeal by this company to
the courts of law. Sii, i have examined this con-
tract, and 1 am not very clear, from the present
state of facts, that it can be abrogated in one year,
or in two yea*s. And are we sull to have only
this bi-monthly mail service to California up to the
year 1859J For the reasons that are alleged now
against this bill will hold as good all that time as
they do to-day.
Gentlemen say that individually they are in
favor of this abrogation of the existing contract.
They wish to see it abrogated if it can be justly
done, but for my part 1 am not certain that we
have the power to abrogate it; and moreover I do
not believe that any law abrogating that contract
will pass Congress. If it pafs this body I be-
lieve it will not pass the body at the other end of
the Capitol. No one will deny that it would be
an injustice, where the necessities of commerce
call for these increased mail facilities, to compel
us, because we cannot pass a law abrogating these
contracts, to wait till us expiiauon. Now, 1 wish
the House to understand that this bill in no way
interfei es with the existence of this contract or
with its abrogation. The bill provides that the
contracts for the weekly mail service are to be let
to the lowest bidder for cash. The contracts for
the bi-monthly service have not been made m this !
manner. At any rate, if the present contracts are
not fulfilled new ones have to be made. There is
no difficulty about passing this law whether you
sustain or abrogate the present contract.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I made some re-
marks just now in a spirit friendly to this bill, but
at the same time looking to the abrogation of the
existing contract. The House is indebted to the
gentleman from California [Mr. McDougall] for
the candor with which he expressed his opinion
with regard to the existing contract. And i now
make a suggestion to him and the House, still in 1
a spirit of friendship to this measure, and to the
proposition for additional mail facilities between
the Atlantic and Pacific coasts. I tell my fiiend
from California that I believe it is hopeless for him
to expect the House to vote this $250,000 a year
for additional mail facilities between the two coasts
unless there is a pretty distinct and clear under-
standing that the existing contract will be abro-
gated. Because while we now pay some $740,000
annually forsemi-monthly mail service, the House
will not be willing to add an amount which would
make it about $1,000,000, especially after having
made the discovery that the same sort of service
can begot weekly, at $'250,000 per anrtum, less
than one third of what is now paid for semi-
monthly service.
I believe that the existing contract can be abro-
gated. The slight examination that I have given,
the subject, leads me to that belief. And 1 make
this suggestion to the gentleman from California
and the House, as well for the benefit of the coun-
try as for that of the gentleman's constituency, f
suggest to him that he move to postpone this
question to a day certain, and that he make ar-
rangements, in the mean ume, to connect with
this bill a proposition for abrogating the existing
contracts, and to put the mail service on a perma-
nent footing by which we will be able to get weekly
service for $500,000 per annum, instead of getting
it, as under this bill, and the other contracts, for
upwards of a million of dollars; which would thus
cut down the expenditure of the mail service be-
tween the Atlantic and the Pacific, more than half
a million of dollars, and give them exactly the
same service which they expect to get under this
new contract. I believe, if the gentleman does
that, he will succeed in jrettmg the facilities which
he desires. If my friend declines to do it, i take
the liberty of saying, I do not think this bill will
pass.
Mr. OLDS. I believe we ought to have a
weekly mail service between the Atlantic and
Pacific coast; and the only question at this time
is this: whether the proposition of the committee
shall be postponed until you abrogate the existing
contract, or whether you will give theseadditional
mail facilities without reference to the existing
contract.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads reported a bill some months since, not only
abrogating: the existing contract for the transpor-
tation of the mail between New York and San
Francisco, but also the contract for the transpor-
tation of the mail between New York and Liver-
pool. They are connected in one bill;
Now, 1 believe we have the power, under the
contracts, and by their terms, to abrogate them.
It is tiue, sir, that the steamships put upon the
line between New York and Panama, and also
between Panama and San Francisco, have been
accepted by the Secretary of the Navy. Rut not-
withstanding they have been accepted, the very
terms of the contract, it appears to me, permit us
to abrogate them by taking the ships at an ap-
praisement, one appraiser to be selected by the
company, one by the Secretary of the Navy; and
if those two cannot agree, they are to select a
third.
Perhaps it will be recollectcd by the members
of this House, that some two months ago the
president of the Aspinwall and Pacific Coast Mail
Steamship Company—I am not sure that such is
the title, but it makes no difference—placed upon
the tables of the membersof this House,a memo-
rial in which he claims that we have no power to
abrogate this contract. We have the power, he
says, to take the ships, if demanded for the ser-
vice of the United States; but he claims that the
power to take those ships does not give the
power to abrogate the mail contract. He says
they have other ships, and that if we take
the ships now in service, they will still perform
their contract for carrying the mail. He also
claims that there is no power given m the contract
itself to abrogate it. He predicates that upon
a modification of the contract, in which he says
Congress reserved to itself the power to abrogate
it by a certain time. It seems to me that he
wholly misapplies the terms of the second con-
tract, in that it does not have reference to the
abrogation by Congress of the contract itself, but
an abrogation within a certain time or a certain
portion of the services.
A bill has been reported by the committee, and
