2294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
From Gunter's Landing, by Pall River, Sand
Mountain, Blue Pond, Cedar Bluff, Gaylesville,
Missionary Station, Georgia, and Coosa, to
Rome.
From Gunter's Landing, by Warrenton, Red
Hill, and Big Spring, to Brooksville.
From Gunter's Landing, by Claysville, Henry-
ville, Zachary, Dodsonville, Park's Store, Belle-
fonte, Stevenson's, Bolivar, Rocky Spring, and
Battle Creek, Tennessee, to Jasper.
From Gunter's Landing, by Meltonville and
Hilliam's Store, to Langston.
From Gunter's Landing, by Warrenton, Big
Spring, Red Hill, and Brooksville, to Blountsville
From Haynesville, by Sunny Side and Mount
Willing, to Bragg's.
From Huntsville, by Shoalford, Athens, Lucky
Hit, Rogersville, Ingram's Cross Roads, Centre
Star, Masonville, Florence, and South Florence,
to Tuscumbia.
From Huntsville to Whitesburgh.
From Huntsville, by Flint River, New Market,
Branchville, Tennessee, Salem, and Winchester,
to Deekerd.
From Huntsville, by Maysville, Trenton, Lark-
insville, Redman, Woodville, Liberty, and Sauta,
to Bellefonte.
From Huntsville, by Haden's, Berkley, New
Hope, Cottonville, and Claysville, to Gunter's
Landing.
From Jacksonville, by Griffin's Creek, Ladiga,
Spring Garden, Pleasant Gap, State Line, Geor-
gia, and Cave Spring, to Rome.
From Jacksonville, by White Plains, Corn
Grove, Oakfusky, and Rockdale, to Wedowee.
From Jacksonville, by Mount Polk, Cave
Creek, Gadsden, Bennettsville, Aurora, Moun-
tain Stand, and Mount High, to Gunter's Land-
ing.
From Jacksonville, by Shoal Creek, Fair Play,
Kemp's Creek, Wehoga, Corn Grove, Boiling
Springs, Oxford, nnd Loydville, to Jacksonville.
From Jacksonville, by Narrow Valley, Pales-
tine, Esom Hill, Geoigia, Pumpkinpill, and Yel-
low Stone, to Van Wert.
From Jasper, by Chilton's Mills, Gap, Sapp's
Cross Roads, and Blount's Springs, to Blounts-
ville.
From Jasper, by Holly Grove and Eldridge, to
Pikeville.
From Jasper, by Chilton's Mills and Mexico,
te Springville.
From Jonesboro' to Waldrop's Mill, in Jeffer-
son county.
From Jonesboro', by Carroll, to York.
From Jonesville, by Gunter's Landing, Whites-
burgh, Triana, Mooresville, and Monroe, to De-
catur.
From Lebanon, by Strait Creek, Piercevillc,
Worth, and Langston, to Dodsonville.
From Leighton, by Mount Hope, to Kinlock.
From Liberty Hill, by McKinley, to Dayton.
From Linden to Jefferson.
From Linden, by Laurel Hill, Shiloh, Clay
Hill, Air Mount, and Grove Hill, to Suggsville.
From Livingston to Brewersville.
From Livingston, by Jones'sBluff and Boligee,
to Eutaw.
From Livingston, by Hobbie, Intercourse, Gas-
ton, William's Cross Roads, Mount Sterling,
Butler, and Barrytown, to Old Washington.
From Livingston, by Brewersville, Berlin, and
Jefferson, to Linden.
From Louina, by Almond, Wesobulga, and
Melon Valley, to Court Hill.
From Louisville to Scrogginsville.
From Louisville, by the Free Bridge, to Skip-
pensville.
From Manack, by Lowndsboro', to Haynes-
ville.
From Marion, by Uniontown and Dayton, to
Linden.
From Marion, by Radfordsville, Perryville,
Chestnut Hill, Calhoun, Milton, Independence,
and Kingston, to Prattville.
From Marion, by Brush Creek and Jericho, to
Centreville.
From Millville, by Skain's Store and Rayne's
Bridge, to Andalusia.
From Mobile, by Clark's Stand, Windham's
Stand, Old Washington C. H., Barryton, Mount
Sterling, and Gaston, to Livingston.
From Mobile, by St. Stephen's, Coffeeville,
and Bladon Springs, to Demopolta,
From Mobile to Citronelle.
From Mobile to Holly Wood, in Baldwin
county.
From Mobile to Bayou Le Batre.
From Mobile to Pascagoula, Mississippi.
From Mobile to Point Clair, in Baldwin county.
From Monticello, by Pea River, Barnes's Cross
Roads, Woodshop, and Daleville, to Geneva.
From Montevallo, by Shelby Springs, Colum-
biana, Williamsonville, Harpersville, Ilimulga,
and Mardisville, to Talladega.
From Monroe, by Somerville, Gandy Cove,
Stout's,Sapp's Cross Roads, Blount Springs,and
Warrior River, to Elyton.
From Montgomery, by Washington, Vernon,
Autaugaville, and Mulberry, to Burnsville.
From Montgomery to Prattville.
From Montgomery, by Steep Creek, Dead Fall,
Butler Springs, Burnt Corn, Stock ton,and Blakely,
to Mobile.
From Montgomery, by Sharpsville, Oakley,
Ramer, Strata, Argus, Oak Grove, and Olustee
Creek, to Troy.
From Montgomery, hy Pintlala, Hickory
Grove, Sandy Ridge, and Kirkville, to Greenville.
From Montgomery, by Mount Meigs, Cube-
hatchee, Cross Keys,and Lock!and, toTuskegee.
From Montgomery, by Cotoma, Pine Level,
China Grove, and Fryer's Bridge, to Monticello.
From Montgomery,by Manack, Benton,Selma,
Hamburgh, and Marion, to Greensboro'.
From Montgomery, by Washington, Talla-
wassee, Vernon, Benton, Selma, Cahaba, Bragg*s,
Elm Bluff, Bridgeport, Prairie Bluff, Clifton,
Lower Peach Tree, Bell's Landing, Claiborne,
Gainestown, to Mobile.
From Montgomery, by Wetumpka, Webster,
Rockford, Hanover, Mount Olive, Sylacaugee,
Wewokaville, Mardisville, Winteiboro', Talle-
dega, Kelley's Springs, Fife, Blue Eye, Alex-
andria, Jacksonville, Goshen, Coloma Centre,
Blue Pond, Van Buren, and Short Creek, to
Gunter's Landing.
From Montgomery, by Uphaupee, Notasulga,
Loachapoka, Auburn,Opelika,Rough and Ready,
and Cusseta, to West Point, Georgia.
From Morvin, by Choctaw Corner and Air
Mount, to Pine Hill.
From Moulton, by Mount Hope and Avoca, to
Leighton.
From Moulton to Houston.
From Mount Pleasant, by Gainestown, to
Suggsville.
From Mount Jefferson,by Oak Bowery, County
Line, Dadesville, and Fish Pond, to Youngsville.
From Nanafalia,by Thompkinsville, Williams's
Cross Roads, Barbour, Rossville, Alamutcha, Mis-
sissippi, and Why Not, to Marion.
From Nannfalia, by Butler, Pushmataha, Hur-
ricane Creek, Mississippi, Energy, and Ciuitman,
to Paulding.
From New Lexington,^jy Davis Creek, Fay-
ette, and Pikeville, to Toll Gate.
From Newton, by Beaver Creek and Big
Creek, to Campbellton, Florida.
From Newton, by High Bluff, on the Chatta-
hooche river, to Geneva.
From Opelika, by Lafayette, Milltown, Louina,
Wedowee, Rockdale, and Oakfuskee, to Jackson-
ville.
From Oakfuskee, by Powder Mills and Mad
Indian, to Lower Fish Head, in Talladega county.
From Oxford, by Corn Grove, Tallapoosa, Ar-
bacoochee, and Eastville, to Newman, Georgia.
From Oxford, by Chulafinne, Oakfusky, Arba-
ooochee, Winston, Eastville, and Laurel Hill,
Georgia, to Carrollton.
From Pikeville, by Moscow, Military Springs,
Buttahatchy, Mississippi, and Caledonia, to Co-
lumbus.
From Pikeville, by Bexar and Toll Gate, to
Pikeville.
From Point Smith to Buzzard Roost.
j From Point Smit'n, by Eastport, Mississippi, to
I Jacinto.
From Port Gibson, along the south bank of the
Tennessee river, to Chattanooga, Tennessee.
From Prairie Bluff, by Clifton Pine Hill, Bethel,
Lower Peach Tree, St. Paul, Grove Hill, and
1 Clarksville, to Coffeeville.
I From Prairie Bluff, by Pine Hill,Bethel, Lower
| Peach Tree, St. Paul, Grove Hill, Clarksville,
! Coffeeville, and Warrior Bridge, to Old Washing-
1 ton C. H.
From Reform, by Carrollton, to Pickensville.
From Rockdale, by Moltno, Winston, and
Bowdon, Georgia, to Carrollton.
From Rome, Georgia, by Cave Spring, Pleas-
ant Gap, Alabama, Spring Garden, Ladiga, Cross
Plains, Jacksonville, Greensport, Ashville, Mount
Niles, St. Clair Springs, Springville, Truss, and
Shady Grove, to Elyton.
From Rogersville to Courtland.
From Rogersville to Pulaski, Tennessee.
From Rogersville to Gilbertsboro'.
From Russellville, by Frankfortand Rock Creek,
to Buzzard's Roost.
From Russellville, by Blue Lick, Pleasant Site,
and Walnut Peak, Mississippi, to Cartersville.
From Selma, by Woodlawn and Plantersville,
to Maplesville.
From Selma to Summerfield.
From Selma, by Cahaba, Pleasant Hill, Far-
mersville, Bragg's, and Manningham, to Green-
ville.
From Selma, by Burnsville, Plantersville, and
Randolph, to Montevallo.
From Society Hill, by Odum Creek, to Auhurn.
From Somerville, by Blue Spring and Apple
Grove, to Oleander.
From Somerville, by Cedar Plains, Danville,
Oakville, Moulton, Landersville, Mount Hope,
and Newburgh, to Russellville.
From Somerville, by Blue Spring and Apple
Grove, to Oleander.
From Somerville to Decatur.
From Sparta to Milton, Florida.
From Somerville, by Gandy Cove, Wolfe
Creek, Stout's, and Warner river, to Elyton.
From Springville, by Taylor's, to Village
Springs.
From Stevenson, by Valley Head, to Alpine,
Georgia.
From Suggsville, by Grove Hill, Choctaw,
Corner, Clay Hill, Shiloh, and Spencerville, to
Linden.
From Talladega, by Conchardee and Kings-
ville, to Cropwell.
From Talladega, by Maria Forge, Chandler's
Springs, Coleta, Gotdville, Hatcher's, Hillabes,
Tehopeka, Bluff Springs, Dadeville, and DeSoto,
to Loachapoka Depot, (on the West Point Rail-
road .)
From Talladega, by Chinnibee, Bowdon, and
Court Hill, to Weedowee.
From Talladega, by Maria Forge, Coleta,
j Hatcher's, Hillabee, and Brownsville, to Socop-
i atoy.
I From Trenton,by Princeton and Larkin's Fork,
I to Salem.
j From Troy, by Orion, to Pine Level,
| From Troy, by White Water,Scroggin's ftliris,
: and Haw Ridge, to Daleville.
From Troy, by Fryer's Bridge, Farrionville,
! and Edgefield, to Chunenuggee.
I From Troy, by Monticello and Louisville, to
| Clayton.
j From Troy, by Gainer's Store, Coffee Cor-
I ner, and Greenland, to Andalusia.
From Troy, by Milo,BugbeeviIle, Indigo Head,
I Elba, and Old Town, to Geneva.
i From Tuskegee, by Warrior Stand, to Enon.
| From Tuskegee, by Warrior Stand, to Her-
! nando.
\ From Tuskegee to Chehaw.
From Tuskegee, by Cotton Valley, Chunenug-
gee, Ridgely, Union Springs, Aberfoil, Arbovite,
Perote, Indian Creek, Midway, Mount Andrew,
Clayton, and Mount Serene, to Eufaula.
From Tuscaloosa, by poster's, Buck Creek,
Knoxville, Springfield, and Eutaw, to Clinton.
From Tuscaloosa, by Romulus, Jena, Pleasant
Grove, Benevola, Cochran's Mills, and Hope, to
i Vienna.
j From Tuscaloosa to Harky Clement's Mills.
! From Tuscaloosa, by Northport, SipseyTurn-
; pike, Gordo, Reform, Antioch, and Carlyle, to
| Columbus, Mississippi.
I From Tuscaloosa, by Oregonia and York, to
I Jasper.
From Tuscaloosa, by Carthage, Havana, and
Harrison, to Greensboro'.
From Tuscaloosa, by Northport and Moore's
Bridge, to Newtonville.
From Tuscaloosa, by Jones's Hill, Blocker's,
and Caudle's Shop, to Centreville.
From Tuscaloosa, by Trion, McMath's, and
Jonesboro', to Elyton.
