1*804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLDBB.
From Tuscumbia, by the Court-House, to De-
troit, in Marion county.
From Tuscumbia, by Russelville, Toll gate,
Detroit, Splung, Mississippi, Athens, Aberdeen,
and Barton, to Columbus.
From Tuscumbia, by Newport, to Chickasaw.
From Tuscumbia, by Buzzard's Roost, Crip-
ple Deer, Mississippi, Cartersville, Jacinto, Ri-
enzi, and Tripoli, to Ripley.
From Uniontown, by McKinJey and Creagh's
Mills, to Prairie Bluff.
From Van Buren, by Lebanon, Portersville,
North Bend, Rawlingsville, Valley Head, Anna-
waika, Rising Fawn, Georgia, Trenton, and Sa-
lula Farm, to Wajihatchee.
From Village Springs, by Violy, Chepultepec,
]\£urphree's Valley, and Walnut Grove, to Au-
rora.
From Warsaw to Augusta.
From Weehadkee, by Weedowee, Rockdale,
Winston, Eastville, Franklin, Georgia, and New-
nan, to Griffin.
From Weedowee, by Lamar, Eastville, Laurel
Hill, Georgia, Lodi, and Rutherford, to Newnan.
From Weedowee, by Roanoke, Weehadkee,
Milltown, and Fredonia, to Chambers C. H.
From West Point, by Fredonia, Milltown, and
Goldville, to Talladega.
From West Point, Georgia, by Fredonia, Ala-
bama, Bethlehem, Mount Hickory, and Mill-
town, to Goldville.
From West Point, Georgia, to Chambers, Ala-
bama.
From Wetumpka, by Crystal Springs, Chest-
nut Creek, Wascahatchez, MuIIins, and Myra, to
Columbiana.
From Wetumpka, by Hartwood, Maplesville,
Randolph, Centreville, Scottsville, and Mars, to
Trion.
From Wetumpka, by Lynchburg, Equality,
Nixburgh, Soccopatoy, Bradford, Good Water,
Brownsville, Pinkneyville, Goldville, Emuekfaw,
Louina, Roanoke, Rock Mills, and State Line,
Georgia, to Franklin.
From Wetumpka, by Chanahatchee, Wind
Creek, Dadeville, and Dudleyville, to Chambers
C. H.
From Wetumpka, by Wind Creek, Dadeville,
Dudleyville, Chambers C. H., and Wickliffe, to
West Point, Georgia.
From Whitesburgh,by Lacy's Springs, Mount
Hill, Oleander, Summit, Blountsville, Little War-
rior, Village Springs, Mount Pinson, Oregon,
Elyton, Cove, and Woodsboro', to Montevallo.
From Woodville, by Kennemore's, to*Zachary.
Mississippi.—From Aberdeen to Jacinto, via
Fulton.
From Aberdeen, byPikeville and Buena Vista,
to Houston.
From Aberdeen, by Camargo, Harrisburg, and
Ellistown, to Ripley.
From Aberdeen, by Houston, Greensboro',
Kilmichael, Ceralvo, Shongalo, Franklin, and
Benton, to Yazoo City.
From Aberdeen, by Athens, duincy, Splung,
Grubb Springs, and Hamilton, to Aberdeen.
From Augusta to Enon High School.
From Augusta, by Leaf river, McLeod's Cross
Roads, and Jackson C. H., to Mobile, Alabama.
From Augusta, by Flint Creek, Pass Christian,
and Mississippi City, to Biloxi.
From Beaver Dam to Macksville.
From Bellefontaine, by Grenada, to Farmville.
From Bellefontaine to Oxford, by Pittsborough.
From Benela, by Pittsborough and Hartford,
to Sarepta.
From Benela, by Keas Bridge, Big Creek, and
Jones's Mills, to Coffeeville.
From Benela to Pittsborough.
From Benton, by Lincoln, Brenville, and Sa-
tartia, to Claibornville.
From Benton to Yazoo City.
Brom Biloxi, by Mississippi City, to Pasfs
Christian.
From Biloxi, by Linchburg and Jackson C.
H., to Mobile,' Alabama.
From Bolton's Depot to Raymond.
From Brandon, by Pilahatchee, Densontown,
Ludlow, and Bnlluctah, to Carthage.
From Brandon, by Westville, Janesville, and
Dry Creek, to Williamsburg.
From Brandon, by Raleigh and Garlandville,
to Q,uitman.
nnft*
From Brandon, by Polkville, Trenton, Raleigh,
Pineville, and Montrose, to Paulding.
From Brandon, by Greenbush, Hillsboro',
County Line, Union, Herbert, Big Oak, De Kalb,
Scoober, Gainesville, Alabama, and Mount Heb-
ron, to Clinton.
From Brownsville, by Anti-Bank, Claiborn-
ville, and Bienville, to Satartia. .
From Bulluctah, by Pensacola, to Philadelphia.
From Burtonton, by Utica, to Edward's Depot.
From Carthage to Union.
FromCanton, by Benton, Ebenezer,Lexington,
Acona, Chicopee, Black Hawk, Coila, CarroUton,
Beckville, Grenada, Oakachickama, Coffeeville,
Water Valley, Spring Dale, Sevier, Oxford, Aber-
ville, Waterfordf Holly Springs, Hudsonville, and
Lamar, to La Grange, Tennessee.
From Canton, by Carthage and Philadelphia, to
De Kalb.
From Canton, by Carthage, Edinburg, Laurel
Hill, Philadelphia, Summerville, (no office,) and
Waholak, to Gainsville, Alabama.
From Carrollton, by Hay's Creek, Lodi,Belle-
fontaine, Little Black, Fame, and Dalton, to Ab-
erdeen.
From Carrollton, by Smith's Mills,Tuscahoma,
Charleston, and Robinia, to Panola.
From Carrollton, by Leflore, to Greenwood.
From Carrollton, by Middletown, Shongalo,
Gerenton, Ceralvo, Kilmichael, and Wolf Creek,
to Greensboro'.
From Clinton to Brownsville.
From Citronelle, Alabama, by Winchester,
Mississippi, Gtuitman, Marion, De Kalb, and
Macon, to Columbus.
From Chulahoma, by Oak Hill and Castle Hill,
to Memphis, Tennessee.
From Coffeeville, by Cuddyhunk, Hartford,
Pittsboro', and Cherry Hill, to Houston.
From Coffeeville, by Oak Hall Academy and
Oakland, to Charleston.
From Coffeeville, by Pine Valley, Banner, and
Sarepta, to Pontotoc.
From Columbia, by Fordsville, Spring Cottage,
Riceville, Pentuckey, Habolochitto, Gainesville,
Pearlington, and Shieldsboro', to Pass Christian.
From Columbia to Monticello.
From Columbia, by Wilkesburg and Santee,to
Williamsburg.
From Columbia, by Pope's Mills, Red Creek,
Lardnier's to Mississippi City.
From Columbus, by Plymouth, Hickory Grove,
Starkville, Double Spring, and Pigeon Roost, to
Greensboro'.
From Columbus, by Prairie Hill (local) and
Crawfordsville, to Choctaw Agency.
From Columbus, by Deer Brook, Macon,Park-
ville, Gholson, De Kalb, and Black Water, to
Daleville.
From Columbus, by Waverley, West Point,
Siloam, and Palo Alto, to Houston.
From Cotton Gin Port, by Boland's, Van Bu-
ren, Fulton, Cummingsville, Ozark, Marietta,
Hickory Plains, and Burton's, to Jacinto.
From Danville, by Farmington and Monterey,
Tennessee, to Hamburg.
From Daleville, by Marion and Winfield, to
duitman.
From Daleville, by Kemper's Springs, and
Narkeeta, to Gainesville, Alabama.
From De Kalb, by Waholock and Brooklyn,
to Macon.
From Deer Brook, by Brookville, to Choctaw
Agency.
From Eastport, by Highland, Bay Springs,
Cotton Ridge, Ryan's Well, Fulton, Ironwood
Bluff, Smithville, and Cotton Gin Port, to Aber-
deen.
From Eastport, by Pleasant Valley, Tennessee,
to Waynesboro'.
From Fayette, by Stephen's Cross Roads and
Lebanon, to Pisgah.
From French Camp, by Wilcox and New
Prospect, to Louisville.
From Fulton, by Pleasonton, Yocany, Burle-
son, and Churubusco, to Russeliville.
From Fulton, by West Fulton, Woodlawn,
Richmond, Camargo, Barterville, Prairie Mount,
and Dix Creek, to Houston.
From Fulton, by Cross Roads, Maxcy's Mills,
and Fulton, to Thompson's Store.
From Gainesville, by Carbon and Pass Chris-
tian, to Mississippi City.
From Gainesville to New Orleans, Louisiana.
From Gallatin, by.Collamer, Brookhaven, and
Smithdale, to Liberty.
From Gallatin, by Pine Bluff, Burtonton, and
Utica, to Edward's Depot.
From Gallatin, by Pine Bluff, White Oak|
Utica, Hall's Ferry, aritfPalmyra. to Warrenten.
From Gallatin, by Copiah Creek and George-
town, to Westville. e - ■
From Gallatin, by Linden,Pine Bluff, and Bur-
tonton, to Port Gibson.
From Gallatin, by Raysvtlle, MonticeBo, Hdpe
Hill, Holmesville, Palestine, Louisiana, antt
Franklinton, to Covington.
From Gholson, by Herbert, Battlefield, Ever-
green, Lovett's, Chunkeyville, and Enterprise; to
Gtuitman.
From Grand Gulf, by Port Gibson, Oakland
College, Rodney, and Fayette, to Hamburg.
From Greensboro', by Bellefontaine, Hope-
well, Benela, Erin, Houston, Houlka, and Red
Land, to Pontotoc.
From Grenada, by Oakland, Panola and Her-
nando, to Memphis, Tennessee.
From Grenada, by Troy and Preston, to
Charleston.
From Grenada, by Duck Hill, Albemarle,
Stateland, and Lodi, to Greensboro'.
From Grenada, by Providence, Caverdale,
Lindsay's Creek, Bellefontaine, and Little Black,
to Fame.
From Grenada, by Leflore, Greenwood and
Yazoo City, to Vicksburg.
From Grenada, by Graysport and Saboughly,
to Hopewell.
From Grubb Springs, by Hamilton, to A berdeen .
From Hamburg, by Meadville, McCall's Creek-,
and Friendship, to Brookhaven.
From Herbert, by Fort Foot, Oktibbeha, Dale*
ville, Lauderdale Springs, Zero, Alabama, Liv-
ingston, Bluff Port, and Forkland, to Greens-
boro'.
From Hernando, by Greenleaf and Hancock, to
Chulahoma.
From Hillsboro', by Decatur, Evergreen, Sook-
alina, Marion, Alamutcha, Gaston, Alabama,
Black Bluff Ferry, (no office,) and Jefferson, to
Linden.
From Holly Springs, by Pink Hill and Beth-
lehem, to Cornersville.
From Holly Springs,by Salem, Shelby's Creek;
Ripley, Hatchy Turnpike, Tripoli, and Rierizi,
to Jacinto.
From Holly Springs, by Tackalechee ami
Hickory Flat, to New Albany.
From Holly Springs, by Tallaloosa, Chulo-
homa, Tiro, Robertsville, Pleasant Mount, Sledge-
ville, Sardis, and Belmont, to Panola.
From Holly Springs, by Watson, Travis, and
Cockrum, to Hernando.
From Holmesville, by Rocky Creek, Liberty,
Wall's Store, Tolers, Centreville, Holly Retreat,
Kellerton, and Newtonia, to Woodville.
From Holmesville, by Fordsville, to Mobile,
Alabama.
From Holmesville, by China Grove, to Colum-
bia.
From Hopahka, by Carthage, Pensacola, Hills-
boro', Pulaski, and Homewood, to Raleigh.
From Hopewell to Yellow Bush.
From Houston, by Dalton's, Line Creek, Tarn-
pico, and Starkville, to Choctaw Agency.
From Houston, by Hohenlinden and Sparta, to
Clear Springs.
From Jackson, by Newton, Spring ridge, Line
Store, Gallatin, Hargraves, Union Church, Scot-
land, Malcolm, Hamburg, and Washington, to
Natchez.
From Jackson to Brandon.
From Jackson, by Georgetown, Monticello,
Columbia, Gainesville, Shieldsborough, Pass
Christian, Mississippi City, Biloxi, and Ocean
Springs, to Pascagoula.
From Jackson to Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
From Jackson, by Midway, Canton, Sharon,
Camden, Thomaston, Kosciusko, Cowpens, New-
tonsville, Louisville, Webster, and Choctaw Agen-
cy, to Columbus.
From Jackson, by Battle Springs, Meridian
Springs, Livingston, Vernon, and Butler's Bluff}
to Canton.
From Jackson, by Clinton, Bolton's Depot,
Edward's Depot, and Bovina, to Vicksburg.
From Jackson C. H., by Elder's Ferry, to Pas-
cagoula.
