728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
J
ceed to the consideration of Executive business,
and therefore make the motion accordingly. I
hope there will he no objection to it.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire to state to the Sen-
ate that the Committee on Finance have reported
the deficiency bill, and we wish to have it consid-
ered. I am not disposed to interfere with the Pri-
vate Calendar to-day, provided we agree to sit
to-morrow. If we sit to-morrow we can then dis-
pose of the bill, and not interfere with the private
business to-day. I hope that will be the under-
standing of the Senate.
Mr. PRATT. It is,personally, wholly imma-
terial to me whether the discussion which was
commenced last Friday be continued now or not;
but 1 submit to the Senate that we should be saving
time by having the question which is before the
Senate decided. There are a number of claims
dependent upon the decision of the Senate in
regard to the one now being discussed, and 1 think
it really will save time to have it disposed of to-
day. 1 promise the Senate that I shall not occupy
anything like the time which my learned friend
from Delaware [Mr. BayardJ thought it necessary
to occupy on Friday last in arguing the question
on the other side. 1 would prefer, although it is
personally indifferent to me, and think it better for
the business of the Senate, that we should proceed
with the discussion of this question to-day.
Mr HUNTER. I made the remarks which I
submitted, not for the purpose of interposing any
difficulty in the way either of the private claims
or of the treaty, but to obtain the good offices of
the gentleman to defeat a motion to adjourn over,
if one be made.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the Senate will proceed to the consideration of
Executive business. Is there objection?
Objection was made.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made,
the Senate will proceed to the consideration of
bills upon the Private Calendar.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of representatives
was received, by Mr. McKean, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled joint resolution and Lull:
A joint resolution relative to bids for provisions,
clothing, and small-stores for the use of the Navy;
A bill for the relief of settlers on lands reserved
for railroad purposes;
Which then received the signature of the Presi-
dent pro tempore.
A subsequent message from the House of Rep-
resentatives was received, by Mr. McKean, its
Chief Clerk, announcing that the House had con-
curred in the bill from the Senate for the relief of
George G. Bishop and the legal representatives of
John Arnold, deceased; also, in the bill from.the
Senate to extend the warehousing system, by
establishing private bonded warehouses, and for
other purposes, with amendments.
On the motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate
concurred in the amendments of the House to the
warehousing bill.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. CLAYTON presented two petitions of
citizens of Wilmington and its vicinity, Delaware,
praying a redaction of the rates of ocean postage;
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of inhab-
itants of Westminster, Massachusetts, praying a
reduction of the rates of ocean postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
HODGES AND LANSDALE, AND JOHNSON.
The Senate then,as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill for the relief
of Hodges & Lansdale, and the legal representa-
tives of Rinaldo Johnson and of Ann E. Johnson,
deceased.
Mr. PRATT. I listened, Mr. President, on
Friday last, to use Unparliamentary phrase, "with
profound attention " to the argument of my dis-
tinguished friend from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard;]
and { tell the truth, sir, when 1 say, that his speech
contained less than is usual, even in this body, of
that description of argument denominated the ad
captandum, which is always objectionable, and cer-1
tainly always out of place here. |
My friend stated his propositions broadly and
fairly; and I shall endeavor,very briefly, to attempt
to show that the principles for which he contended
are either untenable or inapplicable to the case
now before the Senate. He has frankly stated to
the Senate the manner in which he first became
acquainted with the subject of this claim, and of
the class of claims, to which this belongs; and he
has shown the manner in which his feelings be-
came interested in their defeat. He says that
when he first came here, he was appointed a mem-
berof the Committee of Claims, and as such, this
class of claims, growing out of the spoliations
committed by the British during the war of 1812,
was referred to him; that he examined them thor-
oughly, that he considered himself as sitting in
chancery, as a judge in equity, and having come
to adverse conclusions in regard to them, he re-
ported his conclusions to the committee. The com-
mittee did not sustain his views; but, on the con-
trary, reported the bill which is now upon your
table; which bill, together with others of the same
class, have been heretofore passed by the Senate.
The views, therefore, entertained by the Senator
were in the first place not accorded with by the
committee; and the views of the committee have
been sanctioned by the Senate.
Again: My friend says that this is a judicial
question. It is true, Mr. President, that it is; and
1 think that we are sitting here as a quasi appellant
tribunal. Under the rules of the body all claims of
this character are referred to the appropriate com-
mittee, and it becomes their duty to examine the
facts, draw deductions of law from these facts, and
to report the facts to the Senate. You are aware Mr.
President, and every Senator here is fully aware,
that whenever these reports are adverse to the
claimants there is no discussion, but that the ad-
verse report is universally concurred in. Now,
sitting as we do here, in a judicial capacity, I sub-
mit to the Senate that every member of the body,
unless he chooses to examine for himself indi-
vidually the claim, is bound to vote with the com-
mittee, is bound to concur in the facts as stated
by the committee, and in the deductions of law
drawn in regard to them. I think, at least, that
those who are to judge in reference to the relative
claims of these parties, and the obligations of the
Government, should feel themselves obliged, un-
| less they intend to support the report of the com-
: mittee, and vote for the payment of the claims by
the Government which they represent, to listen to
the argument which can be adduced in support of
them.
Before I proceed to discuss the principle upon
which the committee have vested the right of these
parties to be paid by the Federal Government, I
propose to relieve the case of such portions—I ad-
mit they are very few—of the speech of my hon-
orable friend, which f think may come properly
within that character of argument upon which 1
have animadverted, and to which his argument is
so little subject.
The bill which is now under consideration, Mr.
President, is for the payment of tobacco taken
from the,warehouse atNottingham, and of tobacco
burnt in the warehouse at Magruder's Ferry. It
applies exclusively to the tobacco taken from the
one, and the tooacco burnt m the other. Now, a
very considerable portion of the speech of my
friend was taken up in the attempt to show that
there was no obligation to pay for tobacco taken
or destroyed at Cedar Point, i will read from his
remaiks, for I do not wish to misrepresent his
aigument. He says:
"The report then goes on to speak of the testimony as to
Cedar Point; and there the testimony of Mr. Jenifer, a
former member oi Congro^, is clear and evphoir to show
that the Unti^li were taking the tobacco out of the ware-
houses to canv it off, \\h< n the militia went down to defend
them, and the British burnt the warehouses in order to pre-
vent their being defended hy the militia. That is the state
of the case."
And then he goes on to read from the report, to
show, that under such state of facts there is no
obligation to pay. I submit to the candor of my
Irierid, whether it was fair to argue in reference to
the obligation of th's Government to pay for to-
bacco taken from the warehouse at Nottingham,
and the tobacco burnt at Magruder's Ferry" by a
statement m reference to the tobacco at Cedar
Point, which is not included in this bill, or, so far
as 1 am a wart*, in any bill which has been reported
from the Committee of Claims?
In the next place, the Senator from Delaware
refers to the evidence of the loss in this case. He
says: ,
c{ The evidence of loss in this case is founded on what
are called tobacco notes. They were certificates issued by
the inspector of the warehouse, stating that so many hogs-
heads of tobacco, with certain numbers and marks, had
been deposited there, to be delivered to the depositor, 4 or
his order,'and some of them are 'to bearer.' About one
half the notes are 'to bearer,' and the other half to 'or-
der.' Now, as a iega^proposition, I submit to any gen-
tleman in this body, whether, when an instrument of that
kind, payable to A, B,or order, is presented as evidenceof
property, you can, if the instrument be unindorsed, justly
make it a ground of relief to a party who merely comes for-
ward as the holder, without any evidence of a transfer of
title?"
Now, Mr. President, my friend certainly must
have omitted to read the bill upon which the Sen-
ate are required to vote, or he could not have made
as an objection to it the fact which he has stated
and the argument which he has made, predicated
upon those facts in the part of his speech which I
have just read. The bill is for the relief of Hodges
& Lansdale, and of the legal representatives of
Rinaldo Johnson, and of Ann E. Johnson,de-
ceased. It provides:
" That the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
shall audit the claims of Hodges & Lansdale, and of the
legal representatives of Rinaldo Johnson, and of Ann E.
Johnson, for tobacco destroyed by the British m 1814, at
the warehouses atNottingham and Mdgiuder,& Feiry, in
Prince fiporge's oountv, Maryland, and finm « ch compe-
tent proof as may be exhibited to them, within six months
alter tiie passage of this act, ascertain the quantity and
value of their tobacco so destroyed, and that the amount so
ascertained shall be paid out of any money in the 1 reasury
not otherwise appropriated, to the said Hodges & Lans-
dale, and the legal repiesentatives of Rinaldo Johnson, and
of Ann E. Johnson, deceased."
So that it is to pay those individuals for tobacco
actually belongingto them at the two warehouses^
designated in the bill. Now, Mr. President, my
friend will admit that if this bill passes, when the
parties go to the Treasury Department for the
purpose of having their accounts adjusted, they
will be obliged to show that they are entitled to
the tobacco notes which they bring forward as the
evidence of their ownership of the tobacco; and
if any note is payable to order not indorsed, they
cannot recover from the Government, under this
bill, that tobacco; so that this argument has no ap-
plication to the facts of the case before the Senate.
The third and last objection of my honorable
friend, which, I respectfully submit, has nothing
to do with the merits of the case, was made in
these words.
" Again, there is another difficulty as to all these cases.
In one, the first presentation ot the claim was in 1848, and
the other in 1850, and no excuse whatever is given for their
lion presentation at an earlier day; and the parlies repre-
sent themselves as the holders of these notes, without giv-
ing any evidence of how they obtained them. I have ex-
amined all these tobacco notes in this case, and I find that
not one of them was ever issued to Hodges & Lonsdale.
They weie issued to A, J?, and C, and a great variety of
names, and they have since come into the possession of
these parties—whether for their full value, or upon the
chances of speculation, it is impossible for me to say. All
I know is, that at the time ot its destruction, according to
any evidence befoie the Senate, the pioperty was not
theirs."
Sir, if this property was properly destroyed by
the enemy because of its user by officers of the
Federal Government, and if a consequent obliga-
tion upon the part of the Government to pay for
it was created, it cannot matter to whom the to-
bacco belonged at the time it was so used by this
Government, and at the time it was destroyed by
the troops of the Government of Great Britain.
But, in point of fact, the tobacco did, at the time
it was taken and destroyed, belong to these par-
ties. Hodges & Lansdale were the largest to-
bacco buyers within the limits of Maryland. Pub-
lic warehouses were established by law, in which
the tobacco was deposited. The inspectors of the -
warehouses were appointed by the State Execu-
tive; and when a tobacco hogshead was inspected,
a note was delivered to the owner of the hogshead.
When he sold the tobacco, he passed the right to
it by the transfer of the note. The tobacco which
was deposited at these warehouses belonged, in
point of fact, to these merchants at the period at
which it was used by our forces, and destroyed by
the enemy.
In an argument such as my friend has made on
this occasion, it was a little out of place, i think,
to draw into the discussion the idea that you are
not to pay these people because they were specu-
lators; because they have not proved that they
were the owners of the property at the time it was
