2296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
From Kosciusko, by Burkettsville, Rocky
Point, Wheeling, and Lockhart's Store, to Lex-
ington.
From Kosciusko, by Greensboro' and Hous-
ton, to Pontotoc.
From Kosciusko, by Edgefield, to Newtonville.
From Kosciusko, by Bluff Springs and Attala-
vilU, to Richland.
From Kosciusko, by Planters, French Camp,
and Bankston, to Greensboro'.
From La Grange, Tennessee, by Moore's Cross
Roads, Matamora, Bone Yard, Mississippi, Kos-
suth, Danville, Jacinto, Cartersville, Cripple Deer,
Buzzard's Roost, Alabama, and Gatesville, to
Tuscumbia.
From Lawrence, by Camargo, City Point,
Harrisburg, Old Town Creek, Ellistown, Molin's,
and Claysville, to Ripley.
From Leaksville, by Vernal, to Cross Roads.
From Lexington, by Bowlingieen and Emory,
to Shongalo.
From Lexington to Tchula.
From Lexington, by Franklin, to Richland.
From Louisville, by Pinnhook, Noxapater,
Pearl Valley, and I^hiladelphia, to Union.
From Louisville, by Hayne's Mills, (no office,)
to Crawfordsville.
From Macon, by Prairie Point, to Pickensville,
Alabama.
From Malcolm, by Cadeville, (no office,) to
Meadville.
From Magnolia, by Milldale, to Vicksburg.
From Meadville to Hamburg.
From Memphis, Tennessee, by Olive Branch,
Mississippi, Mount Isabel, Byhalia, and Red
Banks, to Holly Springs.
From Mississippi City, by W. A. Ramsay's,
to Jackson C. H.
From Monticello,by Benjamin Bester's and G.
H. Sasser's, (no office,) to Smithdale.
From Monticello, by Providence, Nimrod,
Georgetown, Sandifer's Mills, and Pearl River,
to Newton.
From Napoleon, Arkansas, by Bolivar, Missis-
sippi, to Crlencoe.
From Natchez, by Palestine, Kingston, Knox-
ville, and Zion Hill, to Liberty.
From Natchez to Church Hill.
From Natchez, by Cold Spring and Woodville,
to Saint Francisvdle, Louisiana.
From New Albany, by Buncombe, Ellistown,
Calhoun, Birmingham, Saltillo, Marysville, and
West Fulton, to Fulton.
From New Albany, by Poplar Spring and
Chesterville, to Harrisburg.
From New Orleans, Louisiana, to Gainesville,
Mississippi.
From Oakland, by California, to McGee's
Bridge.
From Oxford, by Mount Sylvan, Burlingham,
and Springport, to Panola.
From Oxford to Paris.
From Oxford, by ColIegeHill, Lapomba, Tiro,
Flewellyn's Cross Roads, Cockrum, Georgia,
and Pleasant Hill, to Memphis, Tennessee.
From Oxford, by Delay and Dallas, to Serepta.
From Oxford, by Caswell and Liberty Hill, to
Lafayette Springs.
From Panola, by Halifax, Monthalin, Corao,
Tatesville, Hernando, and Eutaw, to Memphis,
Tennessee.
From Panola, by Long Creek, McGee's Bridge,
and Buck Hill, to ColTeeviile.
From Paulding, by Danville, Beaver Dam,
Winchester, Leaksville, and Wagoner's Rest,
Alabama, to Mobile.
From Paulding to Raleigh.
From Paulding, by Claiborne, to Ellisville.
From Paulding, by Hough's Store, Enterprise,
and Sageville, to Daleville.
From Princeton to Point Worthington.
From Pontotoc, by Cherry Creek, Tardyville,
New Albany, Cotton Plant, Orizaba, and Ripley,
to La Grange, Tennessee.
From Pontotoc, by Poplar Spring, Ellistown,
Calhoun, Carrollville, and Cross Ridge, to Ja-
cinto.
From Pontotoc, byTallabinella, Prairie, Mount
Okolona, and Lawrence, to Aberdeen.
From Pontotoc, by Toccopola and Lafayette
Springs, to Oxford.
From Pontotoc, by Wrightsville, Rocky Ford,
Cornersville, Milton, and Maple Springs, to Ox-
ford.
From Pontotoc, by Berlin, Coonewar, Harris-
burgh, Mooreviile, and West Fulton, to Fulton.
From Plymouth, by Ash Creek, Cedar Bluff,
Tampico, Line Creek, and Fame, to Benela.
From Raleigh, by Taylorsville, Pool's Mills,
Ellisville, and Carlisle Mills, to Augusta.
From Raymond, by Auburn, Cayuga, Rocky
Springs, and Willow Springs, to Grand Gulf.
From Richland, by Shiloli, Cypress, Denson's
Store, and Stump Ridge, to Canton.
From Ripley to Moore's Cross Roads, Ten-
nessee.
From Ripley, by Carter's Mills, Dry Run,
Blackland, and Carolina, to Rienzi.
From Ripley, by Dumas, Carrollsville, Camp-
belltown, Saltillo, Mooreviile, Richmond, City
Point, and Bigby Fork, to Cotton Gin Port.
From Rossville, Tennessee, by North Mount
Pleasant, Mississippi, and Marshall Turnpike, to
Holly Springs.
From Salem, by Spring Hill, to Berlin, Ten-
nessee.
From Salem, by Pleasant Ridge and McLean's
Store, to Ruckersville.
From Spring Hill, by Salem, Swan's Mills,
and Harrison's, to Hickory Flat.
From Starkville, by Whitefield, Dido, Snows-
ville, White Hill, Bankston, Huntsville, and Pop-
lar Creek, to Ceralvo.
From Steen's Creek, by Monterey, to Brandon.
From Tallula to Lake Providence, Louisiana.
From Tallula C H. to Powellville, Issaquena
county.
From Thomastown, by Hopahka, Carthage,
Edinburgh, Laurel Hill, Philadelphia, Coffadelia,
and Pleasant Spring, to Gholson.
From Union Church to Pine Grove.
From Union, by Decatur and Garlandville, to
Paulding.
From Vicksburg, by White House, Cardiff,
and Satartia, to Yazoo City.
From Vicksburg to Deer Creek.
From Vicksburg, by Young's Point, Louisiana,
Milliken's Bend/ Pecan Grove, Tallula, Missis-
sippi, Lake Providence, La Princeton, Missis-
sippi, Grand Lake, Arkansas, Point Worthing-
ton, Mississippi, Greenville, Columbia, Arkan-
sas, Gaines's Landing, and Victoria,Mississippi,
to Napoleon, Arkansas.
X^rom Vicksburg, by Hodgson's, Rolling Fork,
Colonel Wick's, R. H. West's, McNutt's, Deer
Creek, Pixton's, and Alder Grove, to Greenville.
From Vicksburg, by Warrenton, to Willow
Springs.
From Vicksburg, by Warrenton, Grand Gulf,
St. Joseph's, Louisiana, Rodney, Mississippi,
Water Proof, Louisiana, Natchez, Mississippi,
Fort Adams, Read River Landing, Louisiana, St.
Francisville, Waterloo, Hermitage, Port Hud-
son, Lobdell's Store, Baton Rouge, Brulee Land-
ing, Manchac, Plaquemme, Iberville, Bayou
Goula, New River, Donaldsonville, Tureaud,
Convent, Bonnet Carre, Edgar, Taylor, and La-
branche's Landing, to New Orleans.
From Waterford, by Pink Hill, to Milton.
From Westville, by Old Hickory, to Raleigh.
FromWestville, by New Dublin, to Monticello.
From^ Williamsburg, by Zion Seminary, Mon-
roe, and Enon, to Augusta.
From Williamsburg, by Bunker Hill and Fair-
mount, to Raleigh.
From Williamsburg, Oakohay, and Pineville,
to Ellisville.
From Williamsburg, by Mount Carmel and
Monticello, to Brookhaven.
From Winchester, by R.ed Hill, to Taylorton.
From Woodville to Hopewell Church.
From Woodville, by Percy's Creek, to Fort
Adams.
Louisiana.—From Albany to Shreveport.
From Alexandria, by Point Magre, Marlts-
ville, Mansura, Moreauville, and Simmsport, to
Red River Landing.
From Alexandria, by Hineston, Walnut Hill,
Liberty Creek, and Huddleston, to Burr's Ferry.
From Alexandria, by Sonet, Winfield, Saline
Mills, Pine Ridge, Saline, Sparta, Mount Leba-
non, and Athens, to Homer.
From Alexandria to Red River Landing.
From Alexandria, by Big Creek and White
Sulphur Springs, to Harrisonburg.
From Alexandria, by Cotile, Cloutiersville, Isle
Breville, and Natchitoches, to Grand Ecore.
From Alexandria to Sabinetown, Texas.
From Assumption, by Star and Thibodeaux, to
Houma.
From Atchafalaya to Big Bend, in Avoyelles
parish.
From Ba'on Rouge, by Plain's Store, Mount
Willing, and Jackson, to Clinton.
From Baton Rouge, by Robert Huston's, in
Livingston parish, Coelk, the French Settlements,
and Bayou Barbary, to Springfield.
From Baton Rouge, by Coelk, to Springfield.
From Baton Rouge, by Burlington, Stony
Point, and Dennis's Mills, to Greensburg.
From Belleview, by Rocky Mount and Pine-
ville, to Walnut Hill, Arkansas.
From Belleview, by Deck's, Orchard Grove,
Lanesville, Myrtle Dale, and Dorcheat, to Mag-
nolia, Arkansas.
From Burr's Ferry to Huntsrille, in Texas.
From Charington to Bayou Chine.
From Cheneyville, by Huddleston, to Burr's
Ferry.
From Clinton, by Rose Hill, Mississippi, to
Liberty.
From Clinton, by Woodland, Darlington,
Greensburg, Sangapaho, and Sibila, to Franklin-
ton.
From Columbia, by Mount Pleasant; Castor,
Brookline, Vernon, Dugdemonia, and Quay, to
Homer.
From Columbia,by Redmouth,Ion,and Jones's
Ferry, to Point Jefferson.
From Columbia to Harrisonburg.
From Columbia, by Winfield, to Grand Ecore.
From Covington, by Sun and Shady Grove, to
Fordsville.
From Covington, by Parkersville, Lima, and
Pearl River Landing, to Gainesville, Mississippi,
From Deerfield to Ion.
From Deerfield, by Pugh's, Dallas, and Glue-
bee, to Richmond.
From Donaldsonville,by Crane's Forge, Pain-
courtville Church, Assumption, Pattersonville,
Centreville, Franklin, Jeanerett's, New Iberia,
Saint Martinsville, Breaux Bridge, Vermillion-
ville, Grand Coteau, and Opelousas, to Washing-
ton.
From Farmersville, by Shiloh, Lisbon, and
Forest Grove, to Homer.
From Farmersville, by Downsville, to Forks-
ville.
From Grand Coteau, by Arnanville, to Breaux
Bridge.
From Grand Ecore, by St. Maurice, Cedar
Creek, Saline Mills, Leslie's, Wyatt's, and Har-
ris, to Monroe.
From Grand Ecore, along the bank of Red
River, to Shreveport.
From Grand Ecore, by Adair's, Fort Jesup,
and Manny, to Sabinetown, Texas.
From Greensburg, by St. Helena, Springfield,
and Pine Grove, to Madisonville.
From Grand Ecore, by Belmont, Pleasant Hill,
Bayou Pierre, Mansfield, and Black Jack, to
Shreveport.
From Greenwood, by Cook's Store, Mooring's
Ferry, and Monterey, Texas, to Boston.
From Greenwood, by Bethany, Texas, to Pu-
laski.
From Harrisonburg, by Ford's Creek, Aim-
well, Fanny Louis, Bertrand Prairie, Tancock
Prairie, and St. Maurice, to Grand Ecore.
From Harrisonburg to Kirk's Ferry.
From Harrisonburg, by Trinity, to Natchez,
Mississippi.
From Harrisonburg to Natchitoches.
From Harrisonburg, by Rosefield, Copenha-
gen, Columbia, and Caldwell, to Monroe.
From Harrisonburg to Winnsboro'.
From Holmesville, by Baton Rouge and Man-
sura, to Marksville.
From Houma, by Tigerville, Alligator, and
Bayou Rammais, to Pattersonville.
•"-From Keatchie,by Blossom Hill, to Greenwood.
From Keatchie, by Pleasant Grove and Long
Street, to Frank's Settlement.
From Lake Charles, in the parish of Calcasieu,
by water, to mouth of Calcasieu River, to Sabine
Pass, in Texas.
From Manny to Milan, via Pendleton.
From Manny, by Mill Creek and Toro, to
Burr's Ferry.
From Manny, by P. H. Montgomery's to P.
H.Dillon's.
