1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1439
not feel authorized to vote for bringing on the ses-
sion of Congress a month before the election of
her members for that Congress.
Bat 1 am convinced that, by meeting on the first
Monday in October, no more business will be done
in five months than is now done in three. We do
no more in the nine months of the long session
than we do in the three months of the short ses-
sion. If we should fix the time now to adjourn
in the middle of July, we should do as much,
according to my observation, as we should by
sitting to the first of September. Until the time
of adjournment is fixed, somehow or other—no-
body is disposed to delay, but we do nothing
until the last days of the session.
I do not think any practical effect would result
to the country from the change proposed by the
bill, but great inconvenience would result to the
State which I have the honor in part to represent,
as well as to other States. There are others in
which their Representatives are not elected in time
to meet on the first Monday in October. They
would, therefore, be required to change their con-
stitutions, or they would in effect be disfranchised
in the other branch of Congress for some time
after its meeting.
Mr. BAYARD. If I supposed that this bill
were calculated to equalize the sessions of Con-
gress and produce an earlier adjournment, I would
cheerfully vote for it; but it seems to me it does
not meet the source of the evil. By the bill you
propose to extend the length of the short sessions,
but it would never curtail your long sessions.
As to the idea of the honorable Senator from
Illinois to pass a joint rule providing that Con-
gress shall adjourn on the first Monday in May,
at the long session, such a rule would be perfectly
nugatory, if either House were to differ from it.
I do not suppose that it would have any practical
effect at all; but my objection to it would be that
the Constitution evidently intends, and the char-
acter of the business to be transacted implies it—
that each Congress shall determine the time of ad-
journment for itself. The'pubhc business of each
Congress may differ, and the subject is evidently
left, m my mind, to each to determine for itself
when it shall adjourn. I do not think it is prop-
erly a subject for a joint rule by a preceding Con-
gress at all. I object to it, therefore, on principle.
But I do not think it would have any practical
effect; because on the terms of any such i nle, or of
any law which should be passed, either House of
Congress, without assigning any reason, could,
refuse to adjourn on the day fixed, and Congress
then would not stand adjourned on that day.
Thereisno power by which you could imposeany
obligatory terms upon them to stand adjourned,
if either House chose to dissent from it.
I do not think, therefore, that the object of
equalizing the sessions would be accomplished by
this hill. 1 believe, however, you may accom-
plish that object. 1 believe you may reach the re-
sult of diminishing the length of time during which
Congress may continue in session. 1 believe you
cnn do it in but one way, and that is by changing
your perdiem compensation into an annual salary.
Do that, and Congress will not sit beyond the
first Monday in May. Do that, and all the public
business will be transacted as well in three months
as it would be in a session of five months, or as it
is now done in your sessions of nine months and
three months. You will have to do that before
you reach this evil connected with the prolonging
of the sessions of Congress. You may, by this
bill, in this way, lengthen the short session, but
you would find that in the long session, you
would not adjourn by the middle of July, and it
would gradually creep up as it has been in former
times, until you would get into the first of Sep-
tember, which has been the ordinary time of ad-
journment for several sessions past. As long as
the per diem compensation exists, which is the
-source of the evil, you will find that you cannot
shorten the session of Congress, but there will be
an eternal tendency to prolong it.
There will be no difficulty about it if the per
diem is changed into an annual compensation.
Interest—I speak of the masses, not of individ-
uals—lies the other way; and the object will then
be to transact the business and go home. There-
fore, it being the interest of membersof Congtess
to do that, according to ail reasonable inferences
of human action, they will neeessaiily do the
business sooner. I have no doubtof the capacity
of Congress to transact all its business within a I
far less period of time than it does now. There !
are a great variety of ways m which the sessions |
of Congress might be shortened, if that rule were ;
adopted as to the compensation,of members, and
it is the only way in which you can accomplish it.
A much higher result which would be„ derived
from that, independent altogether of shortening
the sessions of Congress, would be that in order
to shorten them, all the mass of private claims
which are foolishly heard here—probably foolishly
is a strong term, but certainly not properly inves-
tigated here—would, by a general law, be placed
before a proper tribunal by which justice would !
be done to all properly and speedily, and Con-
gress would disburden itself of a class of business
which it is incompetent to investigate and decide 1
upon.
You would accomplish, therefore, in my judg-
ment, an immense benefit to the country, inde- |
pendent of shoi tening the sessions, for, in order to
shorten them, a vast amount of cases which are
kept up here, and which otherwise would not be
kept up, would be transferred to another tribunal,
where the public and the individual would be rep-
resented, and where there would be notice and
publicity in regard to the case, and something like
evidence would be received. I think you can
reach that lesult; I do not think you will reach it,
by establishing such a tribunal, until you do aboi- i
i$h the pet diem compensation. Unless that be j
done, 1 do not believe the result will be reached, j
but when it is done, I have no doubt that the effect I
will follow, because, m point of fact, the peiiod
of time which we occupy m matters i eally of pub- i
lie importance—I do not speak of private bills I
merely—is but little indeed.
My own belief is that Congress would transact
all its business in three months in each year under
the system of annual compensation to its mem-
bers; and it would get rid of a vast mass of busi-
ness which is not proper to it; and what is proper
to it would be done far better than it is now done.
It is true we might not have the same lenghty
speeches made that are now made; it is true that
we might not have a political excitement in every
Congress—but I think the general interests of the
country would be subserved by that courseof ac-
tion. I hope that at some day, at all -events,
Congress will adopt the principle of annual com-
pensation. 1 am very sure, in reference to the
particular matter now before you, the sessions
will never be shortened until that principle is
adopted.
Mr. FOOT. I hope the Senator from Illinois
will consent to the postponement of this question
until to-morrow, in order that the Senate may now
proceed to the consideration of the special order,
which is the bill returned to the Senate by the
President of the United States, with his objec-
tions.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If it is the desire to go on
with the.special oider, 1 have no objection to letting
this go over until to-morrow.
The further, consideration of the bill was ac-
cordingly postponed until to-morrow.
INDIGENT INSANE BILL VETO.
The Senate resumed the reconsideration of the
bill making a grant of public lands to the several
States of the Union for the benefit of the indigent ;
insane persons which had been returned by the
Presidentof the United States with his objections-
Mr. SEWARD addressed the Senate for more
than an hour in support of the bill, and m reply
to the objections made thereto by the President.
His speech will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to address the Senate on :
this subject. j
Mr. SEBASTIAN. If the honorable Senator
from Alabama will give way, I will move to
postpone the further consideration of this subject,
with a view to an Executive session. !
Mr. CLAY. I am willing to accommodate
myself to the pleasure of the Senate.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Then 1 move to postpone
the further consideration of the subject before the
Senate until to-rnorrow.
The motion was agreed to.
ISSUE OF A REGISTER.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator from Ar-
kansas wiil defer his motion for an Executive ses-
sion, I should like to make a lepoxt from the
Committee on Commerce. That committee have
instructed me, upon the petition of Charles Par-
sons, to report a bill " to authorize the issuing of
a register to the brig Amelia by the name of A bby
Frances;" and I wish to ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to put the bill on its passage
now. 1 will say in a word, that this is a foreign
vessel on wh'ch it is proposed to add repairs
equivalent to three fourths of the valuation of the
vessel. The general law provides for issuing an
American legister under those ciicumstances
where p. vessel has been wrecked. This case does
not come within the letter, though it does come
within the spirit of the law. The vessel is a for-
eign vessel, requiring repairs to the extent of three
fourths its value, although it has not been wrecked.
By unanimous consent, the bill was read a first
and second time and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to authorize a register
to be issued, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Navy, for the Russian-built brig named, if
it shall be proved to his satisfaction that the cost
of repairs made in the United Slates since its pur-
chase, is equal to three fourths of the value of the
vessel at the time of the repairs.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
COMPENSATION OF PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. BELL. I hope the Senate wiil allow me—
I am sure my friend from Arkansas will not object
to it—to call up the bill which has been reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs, u making
provision to compensate agents for paying pen-
sions, and prescribing the time ami manner of
settling their accounts.'* It is to compensate a
class of pension agents who served the public for
a long time without any remuneration whatever.
I am sure there is no Senator who has heard of
the subject, that is not fully convinced this is an
act of justice. I hope the bill will be taken up
and passed now. I move that the Senate proceed,
to its consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to
make suitable compensation to agents for paying
pensions, (in no case exceeding three per centum
on the amount of moneys annually disbursed by
each agent,) to be paid out of the fund appropriated
for the payment of revolutionary pensioners. This
compensation is to be in full for all services and
contingent expenses of thp agency, except for
books, printing, and stationery. The amount al-
lowed to any one agent is not to exceed $1,500 a
year. Each agent ts to state his account quarterly
and transmit it to the proper accounting officer of
the Treasury (or settlement,'^and a duplicate to the
Comm issioner of Pensions. He is also to trans-
mit semi-annually to the Commissioner ihe names
of all pensioners on the lists in his agency at the
commencement of each half year, to whom he is
liable to make payments, the names of such pen-
sioners as have been inscribed on the lists, or
transferred to his agency during that time, and the
names of those he has paid, those who have died,
those whose pensions have terminated, those who
have not demanded their pensions for fourteen
months, those who have been transferred to other
agencies, and the names of the female pensioners
who have married.
The Secretary of the Interior is to regulate the
remittances of funds to the agents for the pay-
ment of pensioners, in such manner and at such
times as to prevent any accumulation of balances
in their hands.
It further provides that the provisions made by
the bill for the compensation of pension agents
shall be extended to those persons who served as
pension agents prior to February 20, 1847, and
subsequent to April 20,1836, when no compensa-
tion was provided by law for such services.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask the chairman of
the committee that reported this bill, whether there
is really any necessity for it? whether there is not
an existing provision of law for the compensation
of pension agents?
Mr. SHIELDS. There is a system of pay-
ment now in operation. This bill regulates that
system according to the recommendations of the
Department; and it also provides for payment to
those pension agents who performed theduties for
a number of years without any compensation.
