1440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19.
The bill itself states distinctly on its face what is
to be its operation.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope this bill will not be
passed. 1 take it that the provision in the last
section of the bill will allow compensation for
alleged services rendered twenty years ago. Often-
times, I know, officers of banks in different States
took upon themselves the duty of paying these
pensions for the purpose of getting the deposits in
their banks of the money for that purpose. They
took the office without compensation, with that
understanding for their own advantage. Now, it
is proposed to go back and pay people who ren-
dered service in that way twenty or twenty-five
years ago. It does seem to me that it is one of
the most unreasonable and unnecessary wastes of
the public money which could possibly be con-
ceived of. The fourth section of the bill, if I un-
derstand it, provides for payment to all persons
who served as pension agents before 1847, and
who were not compensated. If that be the pro-
vision, we may have to go back forty years per-
haps, and we may have accounts rendered under
that provision to the extent of how many millions
we can have no knowledge.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the bill will be laid
over, so that we can look into it.
Mr. SHIELDS. There is a report accompany-
ing the bill which explains the whole matter. I
do not take any particular interest in it, but 1 hope
the bill will be passed.
Mr. BELL. The interest which I feel in it is,
that there is a very worthy gentleman, who was a
faithful officer of the Government, and acted in
this capacity for a number of years without any
compensation. He is not, and never was a poli-
tical friend of mine; but I should like to see him
paid for his services. If the Senator from Georgia
will look at the bill, he will find that the provision
about which I feel most concern, goes back only
to 1836. I do not distinctly perceive whether it
includey the deposit banks or officers of those
banks who assumed the duties of paying pension-
ers in place of the old United States Bank. Its
benefits are intended for a class of agents who
were appointed m different parts of the country,
especially where; there were no deponit b«nits,
when the United States Bank went down, and the
pension moneys were withdrawn frnm that insti-
tution. Those men actually served for a number
of years without ihe slightest compensation what-
ever. I always attributed it to the difficulty which
the party then in power felt in making compensa-
tion to these agents, because n had been alleged
and argued in favor of sustaining the United
Stales Bank, that that institution at.ted as theagent
of the Government in every quarter of (he coun-
try, without any extra compensation, and they
did not wish to create any feeling in favor of that
institution.
Mr. TOOM1SS. The Senator wdl find that this
bill covers banku as well as individuals.
Mr, BELL. If it be proposed to pay the de-
posit banks subsequent to 1836 for disbursing
these moneys, from the use of which they derived
large profits, I should wish to have that portion
of the bill suicken out, because they were amply
compensated for any duties of that description by
ihe advantage which they received from the Gov-
ernment deposits. But m Nashville, where there
was a deposit bank, I know that bank did not
act as pension afjent, but there was a distinct
agent, to my recollection, from that time forward,
and he continued to labor on without compensa-
tion under the assurance which he received from
time to time, that by-and-by the Government
would see that he was paid. He was a very faith-
ful man—my colleague knows him very well—
Mr. Joel L. Smith. As I have already stated, I
considered that the point of difficulty with the
then Administration in not coming forward and
proposing to give compensation to these agents,
was that it had been an argument in favor of up-
holding the old United States Bank, that there was
a vastamount of service rendered to the Govern-
ment in the disbursement of the public moneys,
and the payment of pensions in every portion of
the Union, without any extra compensation from
the Government—that they did it merely in virtue
of being the depositaries under the United States
Bank law of the public moneys, and considered
the circumstance of holding the public moneys in
their vaults, as sufficient compensation for the
services of the clerks, and officers employed by
them for the Government business. Now, sir,
what can be more equitable and just, than to go
to 1836, and make compensation to the agents who
were employed to pay pensions after the United
States Bank wentdown. I do not care for paying
any of the banks.
Mr. SHIELDS. The report gives the law and
the whole facts of the case. From the report, it
appears that on the 20th of April, 1836, Congress
repealed the law which authorized the Bank of
the United States to pay pensions, and at the
same time enacted that all such payments should
thereafter be made by such persons or corpora-
tions as the Secretary of War might direct, and
that no compensation or allowance should be
made for such service. Soon after the passage of
this act, the report says, many of the pension
agents tendered their resignations, but were in-
duced to withdraw them on the assurance that
Congress would speedily compensate them for
their services. Numerous efforts were made from
time to time to fix their compensation, but nothing
was done in the matter until February 20, 1847,
and then a general law was passed, and they have
received compensation according to its terms ever
since. There is, therefore, but a short period to
which the provisions of the last section of the bill
will apply. But after all, the Senator from
Georgia is correct in one particular, and 1 think it
woula be better to insert a provision that th^J,
section should not apply to banks. It was not
intended to include them; but in order to avoid
all difficulty, it would, perhaps, be as well to
insert an amendment of this nature:
Provided, That no compensation shall be allowed where
banks acted as such agents.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to suggest to the Sena-
tor from Tennessee and the Senator from Illinois,
that they had better give us a little time to exam-
ine this subject. The amendment suggested by
the Senator from Illinois will now reach the evil,
becau.se in old times there was a technical dis-
crimination taken in the departments between
private bankers and incorporated banks. The
amendment of the Senator would reach incorpo-
rated banks but would atill leave private bankers,
who had all the benefit of the deposits, to charge
a commission.
Mr. TOOMBS. Frequently an officer of the
bank was made an agent, and not the bank itself.
Mr. BELL. If the bill be postponed, will the
Senator from Virginia agree to take it up on some
morning?
Mr, HUNTER. I only ask a day or two to
look into it, and when I have examined it, I shall
be willing to take it up and dispose of it.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope the Senate will
dispose of this bill now. It strikes me as being
eminently just and proper to be passed; but in
order to obviate the objection raised by gentlemen,
as respects the compensation to be allowed to the
banks who acted as agents, I will move this
amendment:
.P?oiU(ferf,Tliat no payment ba ullowcd, under the pro-
vibions of t!u,- act, lo any bank or hank agent, or
attorney.
Mr. HUNTER. That would not reach the
case, which I suggested, of an unincorporated bank
or a private banker.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Then I will agree to
add to my amendment the words of the honor-
able Senator: "unincorporated bank or private
banker." I will take it as a favor, if the Senate
will pass the hill now.
Mr. HUNTER. I asked to have the bill post-
poned, but now 1 move that it lie on the table.
Mr. BELL. Would it not be better to post-
pone it ?
Mr. STUART. If it be ordered to lie on the
table, it. can be taken up at any time.
Mr. BELL. Very well.
The motion was agreed to.
URBAN STOLL.
The bill for the relief of Urban Stoll was read a
second time, and, on motion by Mr. HAMLIN,
the Senate proceeded to consider it as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte
rior to pay to Stoll, now a pensioner of the United
States, a sum equal to seventy-two dollars per
annum, from July 4, 1845, to the time when his
present pension was allowed.
Stoll, who was a soldier of the regular Army,
and served faithfully and with distinction in the
Florida war, and was disabled by a serious wound
in the thigh, in the battle of Whitlacoochee. in
July, 1845, made application to the Pension Office
for an invalid pension, and forwarded to the office
certificates of Captain Drane and Surgeon Abadie,
showing his services and disability. Hearing
nothing from his application, he went in person
to the office, and was informed that no such papers
as those he had forwarded could be found, and
that it would be necessary for him to send dupli-
cates, and make a new application. Owing to the
distant service and circumstances of his former
officers, he was not able to obtain duplicates until
within this year, when, upon a reexamination of
his case by a medical board, he was placed on the
pension rolls, at the rate of six dollars per month.
He claims that he was deprived of his pension, to
which the late action of the Pension Bureau proves
he was entitled, by the carelessness of the clerks
or employees of the office, in 1845, and from that
year to the present time. The fact of his papers
having then been duly forwarded in 1845, is
proved by affidavit of John Hammond, accompa-
nying the papers, and that upon those papers, if
properly examined, he would have been allowed
a pension, is proved by the recent action of the
Pension Office.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
REFERENCE OF HOUSE BILLS.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of Henry Lewis, of Clinton county, In-
diana, was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
The House bill, to authorize the President to
cause to be surveyed the tract of land in the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota, belonging to the half breeds,
or mixed bloods of the Dacotah or Sioux nation
of Indians, and for other purposes, was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The following House bills were read twice by
their titles, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands:
Bill to establish the offices of surveyor general
of New Mexico, Kansas, and Nebraska, to grant
donations to actual settlers theiein, and for other
purposes;
Bill to extend the right of preemption over un-
surveyed lands in Minnesota, and for other pur-
poses; and
Bill to amend the act approved September 27,
1850, to create the office of surveyor general of
the public lands in Oregon,&c.; and, also, the act
amendatory thereof, approved February 19,1853.
The following House bills were read twice by
their titles, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs:
Bill to provide for the continuation of k military
road from Myrtle Creek to Seottsburgh, in Ore-
gon ;
Bill to authorize the Secretary of War to settle
and ad just the expenses of the Rogue River Indian
war;
Bill to provide for the construction of a military
road in the Territory of Utah;
Bill to refund to the Territory of Utah the ex-
penses incurred by said Territory in suppressing
Indian hostilities; and
Bill for the payment of the civil officers em-
ployed in the Territory of New Mexico while
under military government.
The House bill to increase the salaries of the
Executive^and judiciary officers in Oregon, New
Mexico, Utah, Washington, and Minnesota, and
House bill making appropriations to defray the
;] expenses of the Cayuse war, were severally read
l' twice by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Territories.
j EXECUTIVE SESSION.
,j On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
|j ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
i and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reoponed, and
i The Senate adjourned.
i! HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
" Monday, June 19, 1854.
Ij The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
!, by Rev. William H. Milborn.
|! The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
