THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JTHE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 20, 1854.
New Series No. 91.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the motion made by the gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Hillyer] to suspend the rules for the
purpose of introducing a bill " to change the day
for the annual assembling of Congress."
Mr. CHURCHWELL, by permission of the
House, then made a personal explanation, grow-
ing out of a speech made by Senator Bell, in
reference to the Nebraska question. [The speech
will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the consent of the
House to make a personal explanation.
There being; no objection,
Mr. CAMPBELL proceeded. Mr. Speaker,
in the course of my five years' service 1 have
never before asked the consent of the House to
make any personal explanation. Grievances of
a purely personal nature have always seemed to
me better settled outside this Hall. But, sir, I am
induced this morning to change my usual policy,
because there is, perhaps, a pertinency in my
doing so just now, the gentleman from Tennessee
having brought before the House matters con-
nected with his speech on the Nebraska question.
I shall bring to the notice of the House some
remarks personal to me, which purport to have
been made bythe honorablegentleman fromTen-
nessee, [Mr. Chfrchweil,] upon this floor, on
the subject of the Nebraska bill. It is with great |
regret that I feel it necessary to advert now to any
of the occurrences which took place during that
memorable struggle. So far as any personal dif-
ficulty which I may have been connected with
during that struggle is concerned—I am very hap-
py to say to the House that I had only one—to
use the stereotyped expression," which has been
amicably adjusted on terms, I believe, entirely con-
sistent with the honor of both parties !" [Laugh-
ter.]
But I hold in my hand the speech of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, who has just taken his seat.
I find that I am alluded to in that speech as an
i( Abolitionist." Now, sir, I listened to thatspeech
with great attention, and I did not hear my name
mentioned at all. I will read the extract, and then
I will ask the honorable gentleman whether he
uttered these remarks upon the floor of the House,
or whether he followed the somewhat usual cus-
tom in the House, and inserted them in revising
the notes for the purpose of perfecting his argu-
ment? He says:
So, it wiil be seen hv this vote, that both the Whie Sena-
tors from Tennessee [Messrs. Jones and Belt,] voted for
the repeal, while four of niv colleagues [Messrs. Cullom,
K i [i lki im.k, Taylor, and Bum;] in this end of the Capitol
are found voting with stieli Abolitionists a* Giddinos and
Campbell, and with the Free-Soilers, against it."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask the gentleman whether
he uttered this language upon the floor of the
House or not?
Mr. CHURCHWELL. My recollection does
not serve me whether I used those words m the
Ha!l or not; but I am responsible for them.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes, sir; f have no doubt
the gentleman is responsible. I have no question
of his responsibility at all. The interrogatory I
propounded was this: Did you utter that language
on this floor ? The gentleman evades the ques-
tion, and says he is responsible.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Will the gentleman
yield me?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Not unless the gentleman
can answer my question. That is the purpose I
am driving at.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Then the gentleman
will allow me to answer ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. My colleague [Mr.
Smith] tells me that he heard me use the language
referred to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I have to say, Mr.
Speaker, the gentleman has done me injustice, and
thereby, I think, he has done injustice to his col-
leagues. I do not care what position the gentle-
man may give me where his speech will be circu-
lated. I care but little for the name, whether the
gentleman calls me an Abolitionist or Free-Soiler,
91
Whig or Democrat, in Tennessee. 1 have always
avowed here, sir, on all proper occasions, without
fear, I think 1 may be permitted to say, my prin-
ciples in relation to the institution of slavery, and
every other great question which came before this
House.
And I have this to say-*—and I say it in connec-
tion with another passage of the gentleman's
speech, to which I will call his attention in a mo-
ment—that J know a very great effort was made
on the eve of the last presidential election to brand
the supporters of General Scott as Abolitionists
throughout the South; and as it was well known
that the gentleman's colleague [Mr. Cullom] and
myself united in his support, on the eve of that
election there was published m this city, in the
organ of the Administration, the Union news-
paper, a base and infamous forgery over my sig-
nature, in which it was alleged that I knew, from
private conferences with General Scott, that, if
elected, he would use his influence to repeal the
fugitive slave law. I know that that document
thus published, that forgery thus issued from this
city and that press, over my name, was circulated
broadcast throughout the State of Tennessee; and
I appeal to the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Zolljcoffer] whether such was not the fact?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER, (in his seat.) That is
true.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I discovered the fact but
a few days before the presidential election, at my
home m Ohio; and I immediately telegraphed to
all the leading Whig papers in the South that the
paper was a forgery. Among other gentlemen, I
think that I telegiaphed to the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Zollicoffer.]
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER, (in his seat.) That is
true.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Having thus created the
impression, by this forged document, in the South,
that I am an Abolitionist, the gentleman comes
here and assumes that 1 am such, and classifies
his colleagues with me in order that they might be
affected by it in Tennessee. And it is not on my
own account, sir, as 1 said before, that I make
this correction; but for the reason that I am un-
willing any friend or foe of mine shall have in-
justice done him by means of this kind, if 1 can
prevent it.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Will the gentleman
allow me a moment?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Of course.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. If 1 mistook thegen-
tleman's position, I presume it is for him to define
now what his position really is. I do not desire
to misrepresent the gentleman. If I misunderstood
him, I would be glad to know where the misun- .
derstanding was. I judged of the gentleman by
his associations on this floor, and by his votes;
finding him always voting with the Abolitionists,
I think I had a right to view him as such.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to correct the gen-
tleman. I am not charging that he has made a
willful misrepresentation; but I am charging that
by these statements, and by this particular asso-
ciation, he has done gross injustice to his own
colleagues. Now, sir, my antecedents and my
principles are known here, and you may call them
what you please.
My antecedents are these: My first vote was
given for Henry Clay. I voted for him always
when he was a candidate, and used all my ener-
gies and power, and not a little money, to secure
a triumph for him. My last vote upon the presi-
dential question was given for General Scott, and
in the meanwhile I never voted any other than a
Whig ticket.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question5 Did he not vote
against the fugitive slave law?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Did 1 not vote against the
fugitive slave law? To be sure I did, and so did
every Whig from the North upon this floor, except
three. I might say in relation to the measures of
1850, that a great many southern men voted
against the admission of California. I now come
to another part of the gentleman's speech, and to
which I wish to invite the attention of the gentle-
man from Tennessee. In speaking of the speech of
hig colleague [Mr. Cullom] upon the Nebraska
biM, and of those who had congratulated him, he
says, " such men as Giddings, of Ohio, did so."
I desire to ask my colleague [Mr. Giddings]
whether, at the time the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Cwllom] made his speech upon the Ne-
'braska bill, he did come up and congratulate him?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I cannot speak as to the
time thegentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Cullom]
made his speech, otherwise than by reports in
the newspapers. At the time the gentleman made
his speech upon the Nebraska bill I was ui Ohio.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Did you congratulate him
by telegraph ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 did not. I knew nothing
of the speech till sometime afterwards, and could
not have had any communication upon the sub-
ject.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Again, he says Gerrit
Smith congratulated him. I would ask the hon-
orable gentleman from New York [Mr. Smith]
whether he came up on that occasion and con-
gratulated the gentleman from Tennessee?
Mr. SMITH. I did not.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It seems, then, that neither
of these gentlemen congratulated the gentleman
from Tennessee. Nov/ comes the point to which
I ask the gentleman's particular attention. He
says that "Mr. Campbell, who is of the same
stripe with these gentlemen, did congratulate the
gentleman from Tennessee," [Mr. Cullom] I
sat in my seat closely observing and listening to
the debute between the two honorable gentlemen
from Tennessee, and I never heard a syllable of
the statement which the gentleman has published.
I now ask the gentleman from Tennessee whether
he uttered those remarks upon the floor of the
House, or did he print them subsequently in his
speech, merely?
Mr. CHURCHWELL. The gentleman from
Ohio is indeed jealous of the reputation of my
honorable colleague.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Not at all. He is able to
take care of that himself.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. When I made allu-
sion to the fact that my colleague was congratu-
lated by the Abolitionists of the North, I had no
ideaof making any personal allusion, or indulging
in any personal disrespect to the gentleman. Nor
did I know before that the gentleman considered
it disrespectful to be congratulated by such men as
the gentleman from Ohio. My object was to show
who seemed to admire most the sentiments uttered
by my colleague.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have aot said that it was.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I referred to these
honorable gentlemen congratulating my colleague,
because they were the most prominent men on that
side of the question. I believe I said, in the first in-
stance, that 7tien of such stamp as Giddings, ofOhio,
congratulated him. I did not say he (Giddings)
congratulated him, and I repeat the same now.
I alluded to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Smith,] as next in my mind upon the Abolition
side of the question. I referred to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] first. I now accept
the correction, but I believed that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] congratulated my
colleague [Mr. Cullom;] it matters not, others of
the same stripe did.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The point is, did the gen-
tleman from Tennessee say that?
Mr. CHURCHWELL. My recollection is
that I did. It is here in the speech.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not ask anything
more than the gentleman's recollection.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. But one thing more.
I ask the gentleman from Ohio whether he con-
siders himself an Abolitionist or not? Did he not
say in a speech made by him at the last session of
Congress " That If a law were passed respecting the
fugitive slave law, General Scott, if elected to the
Presidency, would not veto it ?"
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman shall not
find me either evading any question that he pro-
