1854.
C(MGK®B§§KM<i AJL GL0«E.
From Batesville, by Rocky Bayou and Mount
Olive, to North Fork.
From Batesville, by Poke Bayou, Wild Haws,
and Franklin, to Pilot Hill.
From Batesville, by Curia, Barry, and Smith-
ville, to Jackson.
From Batesville, by Walnut Grove and Hazel
Grove, to Smithville.
From Benton, by Owensville, Whittington,
Akin's Store,and Harold, to Mount Ida.
From Benton, by Brown's to Lost Creek.
From Benton, by Bland's and Brazil, to Per-
ryrille.
From Bentonville, by J. M. Hoge's, to Fav-
etteville.
From Bentonville, by Spavinan, to Maysville.
From Boonville to Fort Smith.
From Brownsville to Des Arc, via Pigeon
Roost.
From Brownsville, by Richwoods, Clear Lake,
and Bocage's Mill, to Pine Bluff.
From Camden, by Hampton, Warren, and
MonticelJo, to Gaines's Landing.
From Camden, by Woodlawn, Lamartine,
Leak s Store, and Bear Creek, to Louisville.
Fiom Camden, by Buena Vista, Seminary,
Liadesdale, Taylor, Calhoun, Millville, and
Haynesville, Louisiana, to Homer.
From Camden, by Liberty, Caney, Mount
Monah, and Clark's Mills, to Washington.
From Camden to Arkadelphia.
From Camden, by Buena Vista, TheSeminary,
and Sand Hill, to Washington.
From Camden to Beech Creek, in Clark county.
From Carrollton, by Dubuque, to Rock Bridge,
Missouri.
Fr°m Carrollton, by Osage, King's River,
Marble, Huntsville,andFitzworth,to Fayetteville.
From Carrollton, by Worth, to Rock Bridge,
Missouri.
From Carrollton, byPerryville,to Washbourn's
Prairie, Missouri.
From Carrollton to Springfield, Missouri.
From Carrollton to Curiton, Missouri, via
Mouth of Butler's Creek and Prairie.
From Carrollton to Flat Creek, Missouri.
From Charleston, by Brunner, Big Creek, and
Greenwood, to Sugar Loaf.
From Chickelah to Pleasant Valley.
From Chickelah to Hot Springs.
From Clarksville, by Griffin's, Dover, Glass
Village, Clinton, Kinderhook, Wolf Bayou, and
Alder Brook, to Batesville.
From Clarksville, by Piney, Point Means,
Mount Parthenon, and Jasper, to Carrollton.
From Clarksville, by Wardviile and Ewbank's
Mills, to Saint Paul.
From Clarksville, by Cobbsville, to Saint Paul.
From Clarksville, by Ewbank's Mills and
Whiteley's, to Osage.
From Clarendon to Surrounded Hill.
From Clinton, by Meadows, Locust Grove,
and Big Flats, to Buffalo City.
From Cross Roads, by Boonville, Tumlinson-
ville, Waldron, Parks, and Q,uito, to Panther.
From Danville, by Rover and Bluffton, to MiN
ton Galbreath's, in Scott county.
From Danville, by William Park's, Yell coun-
ty, and Milton Gilbreath's, to Felix Grundy
Gaines.
From Danville, by Parkersburg, Rock Creek,
Reveille, Trouble Hill, Boonville, New Market,
and Greenwood, to Fort Smith.
From Dary Saw, by White Oak and Powell's
Mills, to Elba.
From Dary Saw, by Camp Creek and Cherry
Grove, to Lost Creek.
From Des Arc, by West Point, to Searcy's.
From Des Arc Bluff, intersecting military road
near Cadron Ferry, by the way of Lewisburg,
Lemoine's Ferry, and Dardanelles, to FortSmith.
From Doaksville, by Armstrong Academy, to
Fort Washita.
From Dover, by Borland, to Yellville.
From El Dorado, by Beaver Ruin, Three
Creek, Scottsville, Louisiana, Franksville, Tiger
Creek, and Homer, to Minden.
From EI Dorado, by Mount Holly, Calhoun,
and Dorcheat, to Lewisville.
From El Dorado, by Champagnolle, Wilming-
ton, Gravel Ridge, Lanark, Warren, Montonga,
Monticello, and Cut Off, to Bartholomew.
From El Dorado, by Hillsboro' and Cherry
Ridge, to Farmersville.
From El Dorado, by Lisbon and Buffalo, to
Camden.
From Elizabeth, by Jacksonport, Kenyon,
Clover Bend, and Powhatan, to Smithville.
From Elizabeth, by Coleraine, Santa Fe, Oak
Ridge, Lorado, and Wolcott, to Gainesville.
From Elizabeth to Wolcott.
From Evansville, by Flint and Tahlequah, to
Fort Gibson.
From Fayetteville, by Hiloche, to Maysville.
From Fayetteville, by Boon's Grove, to Car-
rollton.
From Fair Forest, by Relf's Bluff, Montonga,
Monticello, Lacy, Fountain Hill, Hamburg, and
Elen, to Bastrop, Louisiana.
From Fair Play, by Clift's Mills, tqsOwens-
ville.
From Fair Play to Hot Springs.
From Fort Gibson, by Creek Agency, Micco,
and Fort Washita, to Fort Arbuckle.
From Fort Smith to Donna Anna, on the Rio
Grande.
From Fort Smith, by Jenny Lind, Hodge's
Prairie, Black Jack, and Tumhnsonville, to Wal-
dron.
From Fort Smith, by James Fork, Sugar Loaf,
Chocoville, and Black Jack, to Tumiinsonville. i
From Fort Smith, by Choctaw Agency and
Micco, to Fort Washita.
From Fort Smith, by Kidron, to Fort Gibson. |
From Font Smith, by Choctaw Agency, to '
Doaksville. i
From Fulton, Hempstead county, to Rocky j
Comfort. i
From Fulton to Fort Towson, via Pine Prairie 1
and Laynesport. S
From Gainesville to Hatcher's, on Eleven Point i
River, via Sherky's Ferry, Dockworth's Ferry,
Fourche Dumas, and Medieal Spring. I
From Gainesville, by Drew, to PocahontaR. I
From Gainesville, by Oak Bluff, Chalk Bluff, !
and West Prairie, Missouri, to Bloomfield. t
From Grand Lake, by Masoma, to Deerfield, I
Louisiana. i
From Grand Lake, by Chaney Bridge and Hoi- j
ly Point, to Hamburg. ]
From Grand Glaze to Searcy's. !
From Hamburg, by Fountain Hill and Long j
View, to Warren.
From Helena, Planter's, Big Creek, Valley
iGrove, and Larenceville, to Clarendon.
From Helena, by La Grange, Beech Grove,
Marina, Languelle, and Mount Vernon, to St. '
Francis. 1
From Helena, by Longtown,
Peach Creek, and Monthalia, to Sledgevill.
From Helena, by North Creek, Tullysville, |
Rough and Ready, Oakland, Cotton Plant, and j
Gage's Point, to Augusta. j
From Hillsboro', by Union Springs, Holly j
Springs, and Union Cross Roads, Louisiana, to !
Marion. j
From Huntsville, by Lewis W. Thompson's, j
on War Eagle, Jennings's, on White River, and '
Rolen's Ridge, to Washbourne's Piairie.
From Hurricane, by James Bruton's, to Dover.
From Jacksonport to Wild Harris's, in Izard
county.
From Jacksonport to Morristown.
From Jacksonport, by Powhatan, to Pocahon-
tas.
From Jackson, by Red Bank, to Pilot Hill.
From Jasper, by Kingston, to Huntsville.
From Jasper, by Forest Home, Borland, and
Point Peter, to Lebanon.
From Kansas, by Parkville, Wyandott, and
Hampton, to Platte City, Missouri.
From Little Rock, by the Old Military Road,
Bayou, Metre Settlement, and Samuel Walker's
Old Stand, to Searcy's. !
From Little Rock, by Springfield, to Clinton, i
From Little Rock, by Mary, Brownsville, Ab- j
erdeen, and other immediate offices, to Memphis, '
Tennessee. j
From Little Rock, by Mouth of Cache River, ;
to Oakland.
From Little Rock, by Preston and Q,uitman, j
to Kinderhook. :
From Little Rock, by North Point, Maumelle, !
Perryville, and Petit Jean, to Danville. j
From Little Rock, by Plum Bayou, Pine Bluff, j
New Gascony, Richland, Swan Lake, Nicoitoo, |
Cummins, South Bend, Arkansas Post, and Red J
Fork, to Napoleon. I
From Little Rock,byCollegeville, Benton,Fair
Play, Rockport, Midway, Arkadelphia, Anvil,
Antoin, Huddleston, Graves, and Marlbrook, to
Washington. .. r
From Little Rock, by Red Oak, Qakland Grove,
Stony Point, Searcy, Cold Well, Pleasant Plains,
and Rocky Point, to Batesville.
From Little Rock, by -Perryville, Danville,
Parkersburg, Reveille, and Charleston, to Fort
Smith.
From Little Rock, by Green Grove; Leww-
burg, Galley Creek,Norristown,-Russellville,and
Scotia, to Pittsburg,
Prom Lebanon to Forsyth, Missouri.
From Lebanon to Dover.
From Lehigh, by Bush wood's, to Storer's Gin.
From Lewisburg, by Dart, to Perryville.
From Lewisburg, by Springfield, to Clinton.
From Lewisville to Minden, Louisiana.
From Lewisville to Lebanon, via Calhoun and
Beechland.
From Lisbon to Lewisville, by Mount Holly,
Calhoun, Magnolia, and Dorcheat.
From Lisbon to Mount Holly.
From Little Bay, by Hampton and Fremont,
to Eldorado.
From Locust Grove to Lebanon.
From Maysville to Bentonville.
From Marion to Smith's, via Deeron's.
From Marion, by Oldham, Pecan Point, Ocola,
and Canadian, to Hickman's Bend.
From Mill Bayou to Chilleceaux, Missouri, via
Checkasawba, Fleetor's, Big Lake, and Grand
Prairie.
From Mount Ida, by Cedar Creek, to Waldron.
From Mount Olive, by Sylamore, Flat Woods,
and Richwood's, to Kinderhook.
From Murfreesboro', to Adams, Washita
county.
From Napoleon, by Island No. 66, Laconia,
Barney's, Thompson's Landing, Mississippi,
Friar's Point, Helena, Arksnsias, Sterling,Wayne,
Walnut Bend, Bledsoe's Landing, Blue's Point,
Grayson, Ceralva, Mississippi, and Elm Grove,
to Memphis, Tennessee.
From Napoleon, by White River, St. Charles,
Cas-; Cove, and Crockett's Bluff, to Aberdeen.
From Napoleon, by John H. Freeman's, David
Weirs, Gary Williams's,on Bayou Bartholomew,
to Wileyville.
From North Fork, by Rapp's r rren, to Rock-
bridge.
From North Fork, by Buffalo City, Yellville,
Rolling Prairie, Mount Pleasant, and Crooked
Creek, to Carrollton.
From Norristown, by Dardanelles and Chicke-
lah, to Danville.
From Oakland Grove, by Brownsville, to Des
A rc.
From Oakland Grove, by Hickory Plain, to
Des Arc.
From Ozark, by Constitution, Cass, St. Paul,
War Eagle, Huntsville, and Robinson's Cross
Roads, to Bentonville.
From Ozark, by Mount Gilead, Brawley's,
Brownsville, Charlestown, and Robert Maffit's,
to Cross Roads.
From Panther to Caddo Cove.
From Panther, by Cove and Mineral Hill, to
Ultima Thule.
From Perryville to Park's, via Huston's,
Smith's, Briggs's, and W. J. Parks.
From Parachfta, by Lion's Beard, Ultima
Thule, Eagletown, Luk-fah-tah, and Wheelock,
to Doaksville.
From Pilot Hill, by Bennett's River, Bennett's
Bayou, and St. Leger, Missouri, to Rockbridge.
From Pine Bluff, by Mahoney's Ferry, James
Hudson's,William H.Wilson's,JohnB. House's,
Brushy Woods, Storer's,and John R. Lightfoot's,
to Camden.
From Pine Bluff, by Dary Saw, Beech Bluff,
and Hurricane Creek, to Princeton.
From Pme Bluff, by Fair Forest, Wileyvilie,
Bartholomew, and Gaine's Landing, to Columbia.
From Pme Bluff, by White Oak Bluff, toCham-
bersville.
From Pine Bluff, by Lehi, Mount Elba, and
Eagle Creek, to Warren.
From Pine Bluff, by White Oak, to Prince-
ton.
From Pine Bluff to Arkansas Post.
From Pine Bluff to Washington, via Princeton ~
and Dallasport.
