1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
731
of a bill paying him as well for the personal as the
real property.
The next case to which I would refer on this
head is that of Gad Humphreys, which was a
Florida case. There the claimant was the owner
of certain real property which was taken posses-
sion of by our forces for the purpose of defense
against the Indians. He was also the owner of
twenty-six negroes. It appeared from the evi-
dence, that the day before the occupation of his
property he had been offered $650 for each of these
negroes. Whilst our forces occupied his house as
a fort, it was inconvenient, on account of want of
room, that the negroes should remain within its
limits, and they went to some outhouses to sleep.
An attack was made by the Indians on the house,
and the negroes outside of the house were taken
away. This Florida claimant came to Congress
asking to be paid for the house and for the ne-
groes. On the 22d of May, 1838, Mr. Hubbard,
from the Committee on Claims, reported:
" It is furthermore satisfactorily proven that on the m ht
oftheQOlh June, 1836, during an attack on the fortbyalargc
body of Indians, there were taken and captured from the
premises of the petitioner, situated neur to and under the
guns of the fort, twenty-eight negroes, the property of said
petitioner, for which said petitioner had been offei ed, a few
days before their capture, .*$650 each; and that the capture
was occasioned by the necessary occupancy of tiie houses
of said petitioner within the fort by the ttoops, and the con
sequent exposure of the negroes, who were compelled to
occupy the houses of the petitioner without the fortilica-
cations."
<£ The committee come to the conclusion, that inasmuch
as the property of the petitioner was taken and occupied
by the troops of the United States as a military post, and,
on its abandonment by oaid troops, destroyed by order of
the commander, that the petitioner is therefore entitled to
remuneration."
The bill for the relief of Mr. Humphreys did
not pass at that session; but I find that the Sena-
tor from Virginia [Mr. Mason] made a report
upon the same case on the 28th of April 1848,
from the Senate Committee of Claims, in which
he states:
"It further appears that a portion of said property was
captured by said Indians, owing lo its being exposed in con
sequence of the occupation of his building by United States
troops."
He reported a bill which was passed, paying
this man from Florida for his servants, because
the United States had used his house as a military
post; and it was more convenient that the negroes
should go outside; and they were captured by the
Indians. They were paid for, and rightly paid
for, by the Government of the United States.
There was another case, while the honorable
Senator from Delaware was a member of the Com-
mittee on Claims—the case of a Mr. Renrier, who
owned a ropewalk in this District. He manufac-
tured rope of a certain description, rope proper
for navy stores. He apprehended that the British
would destroy the rope, unless he removed it; but
the United States took away the means which he
had acquired for the purpose of removing his
property. An application was made, first, for the
payment of the rope which was proper for the
naval service, and which, because of its fitness for
that service, according to the usages of civilized
warfare, the enemy would be authorized to de-
stroy; and he was paid for it. Then, m 1851, a
former Senator from Indiana, now deceased, made
a report providing payment for twine which was
stored in the same house, and which was also
burnt or destroyed, or taken away by the British
when they captured Washington.
I could multiply almost an indefinite number of
cases in which the Government, by the action of
both branches of Congress, has repudiated the
principle announced by my honorable friend from
Delaware, and has paid, over and over again,
upon the principles of equity and justice, where
the claimant was entitled to be paid under those
principles, when his property was destroyed by
reason of the action of the Government.
I desire now to occupy a short time in applying
the principles to the evidence in this case. The
principle announced by the committee is, that
wherever, by the act of the Government, the prop-
erty of a citizen is justifiably destroyed by the
enemy, the Government, per se, is obliged to pay
for the property so destroyed, in consequence of
its acts. I wish now to apply this principle to the
evidence in the case; and first, in reference to the
tobacco at Nottingham. Were the forces of the
Government of Great Britain justified, according
to the usages of civilized warfare, in taking away
the tobacco from the warehouses at Nottingham ?
It will be necessary, in order to examine this
question thoroughly, for me to go into some his-
torical detail, m order to show that the enemy
were authorized to take this tobacco away, or to
destroy it, at their option.
The reports in this and the other cases of this
nature show that the fleet of Great Britain occu-
pied the Chesapeake bay and the Patuxent river,
one of its tributaries, during the entire summer of
1814. It is an historical fact known to the Senate,
that prior to the ascension of the Patuxent river
by the flotilla of Commodore Barney, the enemy
had never gone up that river. ' They had sup-
posed, as we believe, that it was not of sufficient
depth to be navigable for their vessels of war.
After the flotilla of Commodore Barney went up
the Patuxent river, they were followed by the fleet
of the enemy; and from that period until after the
burning of the Capitol, and the retreat of the Brit-
ish army from this city, and their reembarkation
at Nottingham, the Patuxent was continuously
occupied by the enemy.
I submit, that an enemy occupying the waters
of a foe is authorized and justified, according to
the usages of warfare, in landing for purposes of
forage, for the purpose of procuring water, for
the purpose of securing any supplies which may
bejiecessary for the comfortable support of their
forces. Here was the British fleet, with an army
sufficiently numerous to take your Capitol, occu-
pying this river for months. Here were ware-
houses located directly upon the banks of the
river. They were the property of the respective
counties; their contents were the property of the
citizens. From the houses upon the margin of
the river the enemy were fought, day after day,
by our troops, and they were almost universally
repulsed. There was hardly a house upon the
margin of that river which was not used almost
daily for the purpose of making an attack upon
the enemy, whenever they approached the shore.
These warehouses were so used. The tobacco
which they contained formed an impervious bar-
rier to any missile which could be shot at our
forces. It is the best fortress in the world, for a
cannon ball cannot go through a hogshead of to-
bacco. The tobacco was so used. The evidence
in a number of these cases shows that during the
whole summer of 1814 the public warehouses
upon this river were used, whenever the enemy
approached the shore, for the purpose of annoy-
ance.
At Nottingham, when, on the 15th of June,
1814, the British attempted to capture that village,
the tobacco was rolled out from the warehouse,
and formed into a breastwork, and our cannon
were planted behind it. When the eleven barges
of the British approached the village, they were
fired upon from this breastwork. My friend says
that the old general who commanded there tells
him now that they were only "scaling" their
cannon; but he swore at that day, and so did the
other witnesses, that the Americans fired at the
enemy and repulsed them.
Mr. BAYARD. At Nottingham > I said that
he stated then, as now, that they formed a breast-
work.
Mr PRATT. 1 refer to the Senator's remark
as to scaling cannon.
Mr. BAYARD. He stated to me that that was
so.
Mr. PRATT. My friend says that this old
general, after the lapse of years which have passed
since 1814, now says he was scaling his cannon,
and that that frightened the British, and they went
away. But, sir, the fact is, he made a breast-
work; he planted the American cannon behind it;
the enemy were fired upon; and they were re-
pulsed, and they retreated. If they had landed
and whipped our forces who were fighting them
from behind the tobacco, and had destroyed the
tobacco, I presume my honorable friend would ad-
mit the obligation of the Government to pay for
it; because he could not say that the owners had
had sufficient time to remove the tobacco before
the enemy approached for the purpose of destroy-
ing it.
But, Mr. President, I insist that the correct
principle is this: that having used the tobacco from
this warehouse for military purposes; having suc-
cessfully used itin repulsing the enemy ,thaf enemy,
when it became necessary,in theproper prosecution
of their belligerent rights, after their retreat from
the burning of your Capitol; when they found it
necessary still to occupy the Patuxent river, and
necessary to land for the purpose of receiving their
straggling soldiers, were not, according to any
principle of civilized warfare, obliged to leave be-
hind them the material with which a fort had been
erected, from which they had been fought and
whipped, that a similar fort might be again erected,
and they be again foughtand whipped. Isay,then,
they were perfectly justified in taking beyond the
reach of the American forces this source of an-
noyance—the tobacSb which had been used, and
which they knew could be and would be used
again by our forces, as soon as they got there for
the purpose of annoying them. That is the case
in reference to the tobacco at Nottingham.
At Magruder's Ferry, situated some seven miles
further down the river, the warehouse is directly
upon the water; and the proof is, that upon one
occasion the British were attempting to land there
with a considerable force; that our little army was
drawn up so as to be protected by the warehouse'
and its contents; that the battle was fought, and
continued successfully upon the American side
until their ammunition was entirely exhausted,
and then our troops were obliged to retreat. The
enemy, not on the next day, but immediately after
the battle had been fought from this fort, from
this tobacco warehouse, containing the very to-
oacco which these claimants now ask to be paid
for, approached, and burnt the warehouse, with
the tobacco in it. That is the case of the tobacco
at the warehouse at Magruder's Ferry.
Mr. President, I feel that I have now discharged
my duty to those citizens whose rights, according
to the conviction of my best judgment, are impli-
cated m the decision of the Senate on this bill.
Upon a former occasion, however, I incidentally
remarked that it was possible that this case might
come under the treaty stipulations between the
United States and Great Britain. 1 made that
suggestion because I supposed, if I could show
that—independently of the justice of the claim
upon which the committee base, and upon which
alone I base the right of these citizens to be paid—
there was, under a treaty stipulation between this
country and Great Britain, probable cause for be-
lieving that this Government was bound to pay,
and that it had in its possession money placed
there by Great Britain to pay, it would takeaway
the unwillingness which seems to be exhibited on
the part of some to do justice to these individuals
on the grounds relied upon by the committee of
the Senate. I ask the attention of the Senate for
a few minutes, while [ attempt to sustain this
principle which I formerly incidentally assumed.
Mr. President, the result of the first article of
the treaty of Ghent, as ultimately construed by the
arbitrament of the Emperor of Russia, I will state.
I do not intend to read it; but I ask my friend to
correct me if I do not state properly. The result
was this: that the Government of Great Britain
stipulated to pay for the private property, captured
at any time during the war, which might be in
the possession of the British forces, and within
the jurisdiction of the United States at the date of
the treaty. Then, if we were claiming under this
treaty, what would it have been obligatory upon
the claimants to show ? First, that the property
was taken away, and next, that it was in the pos-
session of the enemy, and within the jurisdiction
of the United States at the date of the treaty.
These claimants did not prepare their claims, nor
do they now ask that they shall be paid upon the
basis of that treaty. They have not, therefore,
produced proof for the purposeof establishing the
latter fact; but if I can show by historical facts
within the knowledge of the Senate, not posi-
tively, but that, according to all human probabil-
ity, this property, conceded to have been taken,
was in the possession of the forces of Great Brit-
ain, and within the jurisdiction of the United
States at the date of the treaty, then I show a case
,in which, inasmuch as the money is now in the
Treasury, you at least should not cavil as to
whether the principle of relief is applicable to real
or personal property; and I think that, without
going so minutely into the discussion of such mat-
ters, you might afford to pay the claim.
Now for the proof. The battle of Bladensburg
was fought, I think, on the 23d of August, 1814,
Ijand the Capitoi was burnt on the 24th of that
I month. It was after the retreat from thiscity that
il this tobacco was taken away. They are supposed
