2300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
From Pine Bluff to Lost Creek, via Carr's and
Hester's Bridge, on Hurricane Creek.
From Pine Bluff to Bastrop, Louisiana, via
Mouticello and Hamburg.
From Pittsburg, by Ciarksville, Horse Head,
Ozark, Pleasant Hill, and Van Buren, to Fort
Smith.
From Pittsburg, by Roseville,Sub Rosa, Point
Prairie, Charleston, and Bloomer, to Fort Smith.
From Pocahontas, by Spring Creek, Jobe, Mis-
souri, and Webster, to Thomasville.
From Port Gibson, by Creek Agency, North
Fork, Perryville, and Fort Washita, to Fort Ar-
buckle, Western Territory.
From Powhatan, by Hazel Grove, to Bates-
ville.
From Powhatan, \)y James Childress's, to
Gainesville.
From Princeton, by Fairview, to Cachemasso.
From Reveille to Charlestown.
From Rich wood's to Duvall's Bluff.
From Rockport, by Tulip, Princeton, Chappell,
Freco, and Luda, to Camden.
From Rockport to Lost Creek.
From Rockport, by De Roche, Point Cedar,
and County Line, to iMurfieesboro'.
From Rome to Beech Creek.
From Ruesellville to Dover.
From St. Francis, by Green Plains, Marion, and
Mound City, to Memphis, Tennessee.
From St. Francis, by Eureka, Mill Ridge,
Johnston, Mount Pmson, Elizabeth, Jacksonport,
Oil Trough, and Sulphur Rock, to Batesville.
From St. Francis, by Taylor's Creek and Oak-
land, to Clarendon.
From St. Francis, by Wittsburg, Walnut
Camp, Farm Hill, Bolivar, Goldsboro,'Newport,
and Greensboro', to Gainesville.
From Searcy, by Augusta and Wittsburg, to
Memphis, Tennessee.
From Searcy to Kinderhook.
From Searcy, by Quitman, to Clinton.
Fiom Smithviile by Powhatan, Childress, Man-
seeker's Settlement, Greensboro', and Bohvar, to
St. Francis.
From Smithviile, by Canton, to Pilot Hill.
From Smithviile, by Evening Shade and Wild
Haws, to Mount Olive.
From Stony Point, in White county, to Quit-
man, in Van Buren county.
From Terre Noir to Stewart's Store, in Clarke
county.
From Van Buren, by Joseph Brant's, Crawford
county, and Lee C. Blackmore's to Fayetteville.
From Van Buren, by Belmont, The Narrows,
and Fancy, to Fayetteville.
From Van Buren, by Natural Dam,Evans-
ville, Hermansburg, and Boonsboro', to Fayette-
ville.
From Warren, by Moro, Chambersville, Sto-
ver, and Red Bird, to Princeton.
From Washington, by Lewis Nana's and Lam-
artine, to Magnolia.
From Washington, by Albany, to Lamartine.
From Washington, by Columbus, Saline,
Brownstown, Paraclifta, Rocky Comfort, Mill
Creek, Texas, and Almond Grove, to Ciarks-
ville.
From Washington, by Justus Mills, Centre
Point, Shetucket, and G.\p Springs, to Panther.
From Washington, by Mine Creek and Wilton,
to M urfreesboro'.
From Washington to Fulton.
^ From Washington, by Spring Hill and Lewis-
ville, to Walnut Hill.
From Whittington to Dallas, via Mount Ida
and Caddo Cove.
From Wilmington, by Hillsboro', Spearville,
and Scottsville, Louisiana, to Homer.
From Wilmington, by Carysville, to Marion.
FromWildhama,by Union, to Bennett's Bayou,
in Fulton county.
From Yellville, Marion county, eastwardly, by
William Jones's, at Bennett's river, Fulton coun-
ty, crossing Big North of White river, to Alvin
Gordon's Ferry.
From Yellville, by Worth, to Forsyth, Mis-
souri.
From Yellville, by Tomahawk, Lebanon, and
Wiley Cove, to Clinton.
From Yellville to Dover, via Borland.
From Yellville to Bennett's River, via Jones's
and Gordon's Ferry, on Bis; North Fork of
White River.
Tennessee.—From Athens to Morgan C. H.,
via Kingston.
From Athens to Washington.
From Athens to Hamilton C. H., via Cowan's
Ferry.
From Athens to Mount Vernon, via Hayne's
Store.
From Athens, by Cantrell's Cross Roads and
Coghiil, to Columbus.
From Bagdad to Carthage.
From Baker's Gap, by Butler, to Dugger's
Ferry.
From Ball Play to Glenn's, on Cane Creek.
From Battle Creek to Lebanon, Alabama, via
Rice's Ferry.
Fron$.Bean's Station to Mouth of Chucky, via
Morristown.
From Bean's Station, by Noe's Ferry, to Mor-
ristown,
From Benton, by Ocoa, Canasauga, Cohutta
Springs, Georgia, Rural Vale, and Fillmore, to
Dalton.
From Blountsville, by Gott's Cross Roads,
Campbell's Rest, James' Cross Roads, Clear
Creek, and Laurel Gap, to Bay Mount.
From Bolivar, by Whiteville, Fayette Corner,
and Danceyville, to Wesley.
From Bolivar, by Middleburg, New Castle,
Somerville, Mosco, Oakland, Hickory Withe,
Sandy Springs, Ammonia, Colliersville, Morning
Sun, Greenbottom, Germantown, and Raleigh, to
Memphis.
From Bolivar, by Audubon and Nubbin Ridge,
to Metamora.
From Brownsville to Fulton.
From Brownsville to Covington, via Wesley.
From Bi^wnsville, byCarohnaand Woodville,
to Dry Hill.
From Calhoun, by Pearce and Goodfield, to
Deratur.
From Camden, by Chasevilie, Etna, Eagle
Creek, Morgan's Creek, and Cubb Creek, to Per-
ryville.
From Camden, by Paris, Mount Holyoke,
Como, Irvine's Store, Dresden, Old Hickory,
lotten's, Well's, and Bulah, to Hickman, Ken-
tucky.
From Carthage, by Montrose, Granville, Bag-
dad, Flynn's Lick, to Gainesboro'.
From Carthage, by Peyton's Creek, Pleasant
Shade, Witcher's Cross Roads, and Red Boiling
1 Springs, to Clementsville.
From Campbell's to Pumpkintown, (Mount
Pleasant,) via Blair's Ferry.
From Campbell's Station to Louisville.
From Centreville to Perryville.
From Centreville, via Beardstown, Macedonia,
and McCoy's, to Bull's Landing.
From Centreville, by Vernon, Charlotte, Bar-
ton's Creek, McAllister's Cross Roads, Richard-
son's, and Pleasant Mound, to Ciarksville.
From Charlotte, by Bellsburgh, Ryan's Store,
and Josephine, to Springfield.
From Charleston, by Stony Point, to Benton.
From Chattanooga, to Charleston, via Harrison
and Georgetown.
From Chattanooga to Glasgow, Kentucky, via
Sparta, Gainesboro', and Tompkinsville.
From Cheap Valley, by New London, to Con-
yersville.
From Ciarksville to Hopkinsville, Kentucky.
From Ciarksville to Cadiz, Kentucky.
From Ciarksville, by Fredonia, Thomasville,
Josephine, and Sycamore Mills, to Ridge Post.
From Ciarksville, by Little Grove, Indian
Mound, Cumberland Iron Works, Dover, Stand-
ing Rock, Mouth of Sandy, and Eli Grove, to
Parts.
From Ciarksville, by Dailey's, Palmyra, Yel-
low Creek Furnace, Sailor's Rest, Danielsville,
and White Oak, to Waverley.
From Cleveland, by Chataty, Benton, Pelton,
Springtown, Towel! Falls, Coker Creek, Turtle
Town, North Carolina, Laurel Valley, Persim-
mon Creek, and Notla, to Murphy.
From Cleveland, by Cohuttah Springs, Geor-
gia. andMountaintown, to Ellejay.
From Cleveland, by Limestone and Mouth of
Hiwassee, to Smith's Cross Roads.
From Cleveland, by Benton, to Ducktown Cop-
per Mines.
From Clinton,by Beaver Ridge and Ball Camp,
to Campbell's Station.
From Clinton, by Wallace's Cross Roads,
Loy's Cross Roads, Lost Creek, Big Barren, and
Head of Barren, to Tazewell.
From Clinton, by Robertsville, Oliver's, and
Crooked Fork, to Morgan C. H.
From Columbia, via Shelbyvilie, Huntsville,
Alabama, and Pulaski, to Columbia.
Fr'om Columbia to Ciarksville, via McAllister's
Cross Roads and Dixon C. H.
From Columbia to Waynesboro'.
From Columbia to Lebanon, via Hart's Cross
Roads and Murfreesboro'.
From Columbia to Jackson, via Perryville and
! Lexington.
From Columbia to Fayetteville, via Bigbyville,
Pleasant Grove, Mooresville, and Cornersville.
From Columbia, by Pleasant Grove, Moores-
ville, and Berlin, toLewisburg.
From Columbia, by Hope Mill, to Williams-
port.
From Columbia, by Poplar Ridge, Lynnville,
Pulaski, Midbndge, Elkton, White Hill, and
Madison's Cross Roads, Alabama, to Hunts-
ville.
From Crossville, by Long View and Coopers-
ville, to Jamestown.
From Crossville, by Orme's Store and Nine
Mile, to Pikeville.
From Crossville, by Grassy Cove and Cross
Keys, to Ten Mile Stand.
From Danbridge to Bean's Station, via Iron
Works of Mossy Creek and Stiffey's Mill.
From Danbridge to Marys^jlle, via Sevierville.
From Danbridge to Morristown.
From Decaturville, by Hermitage and Swallow
Bluff, to Lee's Bluff.
From Decaturville to Perryville.
From Denmark, by Copan, Brownsville, Dur-
hamville, and Covington, to Randolph.
From Double Springs, by Equality and Nether-
land, to Crossville.
From Dover to Cadiz, Kentucky, via Tobac-
coport.
From Dover to Strombold Furnace.
From Dover to New Concord, Kentucky.
From Dresden, by Dedham, Mount Prospect,
and Andalusia, to Yorkville.
From Dresden, by Palmer's Store and Elm
Tree, to Boydsville.
From Dresden, by Middleburg and Mount Pe-
lia, to Troy.
From Dyersburg, by Miller's Chapel, Chestnut
Bluff, Lanefield, Cherryville, Cageville, Mason's
Grove, and Poplar Corner, to Jackson.
From Dyersburg, by Miller's Chapel, Begg's
Cotton Gin, Qumcy, and Dr. Hick's, to Mason's
Grove.
From Dyersburg, by Wilkinsville, to Trenton.
From Dyeisburg to Booth's Point, in Dyer
county.
From Elizabethtown to Morgantown, North
Carolina. /
From Elizabethtown to Abingdon, Virginia,
via Stony Creek and Shady.
From Elizabethtown, by Longmire, to Stock-
ville, North Carolina.
From Elizabethtown, by Greenfield, Blounts-
ville, and Arcadia, to Kingsport.
From Elizabethtown, by Peoplesville and
Swingeville, to Longmire.
From Elizabethtown to Shady.
From Fayetteville to Harpeth, via New Hope,
Farmington, Fishingford, Civil Order, and Gide-
onsville.
From Fayetteville to Upper Elkton, via Dyer's
| Store, Cold Water, and Hightower's Store.
From Fayetteville to Winchester.
From Fayetteville, by Vmey Grove, Cyruston,
Millville, Bunker Hill,Bradshaw, and Lamartine,
to Pulaski.
From Fayetteville, by Camargo, Molino, and
Robertson's Store, to Pleasant Plains.
From Fayetteville, by Boon's Hill and Gas
Factory, to Cornersville.
From Fayetteville, by Kinderhook, George's
Store, and Oregon, to Salem.
From Fayetteville, by Cordova, to Branchville.
From Fayetteville to Tullahoma.
From Franklin, by Hurt's Cross Roads, to
Rally Hill.
From Franklin, by West Harpeth, Hill's Val-
ley, Leiper's Fork, Boston, Liok Creek, Totty's
Bend, Centreville, Beaver Dam Springs, Pleasant-
j ville, Linden, Beardstown, and Woods, to Perry-
ville.
