132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
to have commenced their retreat about the25th or
26th of August, 1814. Then the army which
fought the battle of Bladensburg,and Vandal-like,
burnt your Capitol, after their retreat from here
proceeded to this very point, Nottingham, for
the purpose of embarking in their vessels. After
the 25th of August, therefore, they remained in
the waters of the Chesapeake, or Patuxent, and
until they proceeded to Baltimore. General Ross,
with the same army which had been victorious
here, went to Baltimore front the Patuxent; and
we all know that the battle tff North Point was
fought on the 12th of September, 1814.
What further do we know historically in regard
to this transaction? Why,sir,thauhissamefleet,
with the same army, joined by reinforcements
from Great Britain, proceeded from the waters of
the Chesapeake to attack New Orleans, which re-
sulted in the glorious victory of the 8th of Jan-
uary, 1815. The treaty of Ghent was signed on
the 24th of December, 1614. My friend said he
'had some recollection of the last war. It is very
certain that I am right in the facts; and 1 do not
think he can question their correctness.
Mr. BAYARD. TheSenator is mistaken; and,
if 1 have his permission, I will correct him.
Mr. PRATT. Certainly.
Mr. BAYARD. Great Britain, under the treaty
of Ghent, stipulated to restore or pay for such
slaves or other private property of the citizens of
the United States as were remaining within terri-
tory to be restored by her under the treaty. It
was "waters or territory" within their jurisdic-
tion. So far as Great Britain was in possession
of these waters at the time of the ratification of
the treaty, she had no right to carry oft' the prop-
erty from there. If she was in the possession of
territory then to be restored, she had no right to
carry off property from theie. The treaty was
not ratified until early in 1815—either in March or
April of that year; but 1 have never heard it al-
leged that, after the month of September, 1814,
the British had any possession of any territory
on the waters of the Patuxent, or of the waters
of the Patuxent themselves, or that they had any
force there. Hence, they had no property there;
and no property taken from there would come
within the terms of the treaty. -
Mr. PRATT. I think I stated the principle
correctly. I will read from the decision of the
Emperoi of Russia:
"That the United States of America are entitled to a
ju<t indemnification irom Great Bnfath lorall pnvate prop-
el ty carried away by the Briti5.li forces; and a" the ques-
tion regards slave* more especially. tor all -uch t-laves as
were carried away by the British lorec-s, from the places
and (erntoues of which the restitution was stipulated by
the treaty, in quitting the <uid plates and terrtfones ; tli.it
the United sjaie* are entitled it  coiisider.is having been so
carried away all Mich slaves nr ntlicr property a*s may
have been ti an^ported from the above-mentioned tei rttones
on ooard of the Brmdi voxels within the waters of said
tensions, and which, tor the* reason, have not been le-
stored."
I have not time to refer to the other portion of
the decision; but I think I have stated the princi-
ple correctly. But I wish to bring to the notice of
my honorable friend and of the Senate this fact,
that negroes taken from the waters of the Patux-
ent were actually paid for under the treaty. That
is known to my honorable friend.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 do not know it; but I can
easily understand that it might be so The British
were in the possession of the lower part of the
Chesapeake, and they might have had negroes
th^re at the time of the ratification of the treaty;
and they would be under an obligation to restoie
them, because they were occupying places winch i<
they were compelled to restore under the treaty, jj
I believe they had Kent Island in their possession, !l
and the lower waters of the Chesapeake. If they j
had negroes in their vessels at that time, and a ji
claimant proved that his negroes were on hoard, fj
he would be entitled to recover, because the wateis ji
which their fleets occupied were as much withm j.
their possession the land upon which their^
troops stood, and therefore, were waters or places ]!
to be restored under the treaty of Ghent. But >j
that, of course, did not apply to waters or terri-
tory not in their possession.
Mr. PRATT. They did pay for negroes taken
away from this very point—Nottingham. The
content between the British and the American ne-
gotiators was this: It was contended on the part
of Great Britain that those negroes had gone away
voluntarily, ond were not to be paid for, and hence
the necessity for referring the matter to the arbit-
rament of the Emperor of Russia, i was pro-
ceeding to show that, according to the decision of
'the Emperor of Russia, wherever property which
had been captured at any tune during the war was
in the possession of the British at the date of the
treaty, it was to be surrendered or paid for.
Mr. IUYA RD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to read from the decision ? He only read
part of u; I will read the other part, to show what
I mean, in order that there may be no difference
between us. He read so much of the discussion
as applies in favor of the United States. I will
read the counter decision. The Emperor says:
"If theie should have been any Aniencan slaves or
property carried avvaj from terntones of which the first
article, of the treaty ofUhent did not stipulate the restitution
to-thc United States, the United State*; have no claim to
indemnification foi such slaves or property."
Thatwus hisdecision;and,in view ofthat, I said
that if the restitution of the waters of the Patuxent,
or any other territory on those waters, was not
stipulated for by the treaty of Ghent, the property
carried away from there, and there at the time
the treaty was ratified, would not come within its
terms.
Mr. PRATT. I think the honorable Senator
admitted, a while ago, that they had possession
of the mouth of the Chesapeake at that'time?
IVIr. BAYARD. 1 believe they had.
Mr. PRATT. And therefore he thinks, though
he does not know the fact, that they might have
paid for negroes, taken from Nottingham, and
other points on the Patuxent river, because the
Patuxent beinga tributary of the Chesapeake, and
they having command of the mouth of the Chesa-
peake, had necessauly the command of the Patux-
ent. I will read from Niles's Register, for the pur-
pose of showing that the British fleet and nrmy,
which were engaged 111 the battle of North Point,
on the 12th of September, were the same fleet and
the same army which, together with reinforce-
ments from Great Britain, went to New Orleans,
and were thereon the 12th of December, and on
the 24th of December, 1814, the time the treaty
was decided; and, consequently, if I be right in tne
first proposition, it will follow that they were
bound to pay. 1 find, jn the seventh volume of
Nilea's Register, page 31(>, this statement:
" The fleet that we had in New Orleans was the same
that we had in the Chesapeake ]September, and Admiral
Cochrane, di-appmnted of riming in Baltimore, is repotted
to have j-aid he would ear his Christmas dinner in Nov
Orleans and -tay there some time. We trust the kni'dit
will be (hulled.^
lie then goes on to state certain facts corrobo-
rative of what I have suggested.
It turned out, that after the first arbitrament of
the Emperor of Russia the two Governments
could not agree as to the value of the property
which was admitted to have been taken off, and the
obligation, [under the decision of the Emperor,]
on the part of Great Britain, to pay. That re-
sulted in another convention between the two
Governments, by which Great Britain agreed to
pay, and the United States agreed to receive,
$1,204,9G0, as a full indemnity for all the claims
of the citizens of the United States growing out of
that treaty. Now, I understand that that fund is
unexhausted at the Treasury; a part of it is still
there. The case which 1 supposed I had made
for the equitable consideration of the Senate—an
argument, as I thought, to show why they should
not view so nicely the question as to the relative
obligation to pay for personal and real property—
I desired to suggest that here was a ease in which
Great Britain had paid money for specific pur-
poses—to compensate for property taken off during
the war of 1812; that it has remained continuously
in the Treasury for a great number of years, or
has been used by the Government. That here is
property which was taken away. It was taken
away from a place which, according to my judg-
ment, under the treaty, bound them to pay for it.
Although there is no positive proof that this
property was m the possession of the enemy, and
within the jurisdiction of the United States at the
date of tiie treaty, yet I think I have shown
sufficient, from the historical facts of the case, to
bring up to the mmd of every Senator a desire to
do justice to those parties who were intended to be
relieved by the Government of Great Britain by
the payment of this money.
I regiet, Mr. President, that I have taken so
much time in the discussion of this bill. I have i
taken longer than I supposed I would; but having
now gone through the subject, I leave it, and shall
submit, with proper deference, to the decision of
the Senate,
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, justice to my-
self requires that some portion of the argument of
my honorable friend from Maryland should be
noticed by me. He seems fo suppose that, in the
remarks which I addressed to the Senate on Fri-
day last in reference to this bill, I used arguments
which he has chosen to designate as ad captandum
arguments, or as of that character. Sir, I had
hoped that, in my career here, i should never be
open to an objection of that kind. If i could rec-
ognize in any of the specifications which the hor-
oiable Senator makes any ground for sustaining
that position which he has taken, 1 should be per-
fectly willing to retract any remark made by me
havmg such an aspect.
The honorable Senator intimates, in theremniks
which he made in connection with my allegafon
of the mode in which I first became acquainted
with these cases for the purpose of examination,
that my feelings became interested in regard to
them. Allow me to say, that 1 do not suppose
that I, more than any other man, am free from
human imperfection and the danger of bias aris-
ing from pride of opinion; and 1 presume that is
the only feeling which could possibly be supposed
to actuate me m the case. I have endeavored to
keep myself clear of that. I certainly arrived at
my conclusions without having any previously
foimed opinions of the merits of the case; and,
indeed, without any knowledge of the subject,
until j came to apply myself to it for the purpose
of investigation.
But, on the other hand, sir, may I not a^k
whether the honorable Senator from Maryland may
not be under somewhat more bias in reference t">
a ease which enlists 1im SVc lings for his immediate
consuiuents, and m which lie probably heard the
stoiy of the claim repeated to him, and the grounds
of loss fold bun long before he brought his mmd,
as a judge, to a judicial investigation of the facts
on winch he had fo determine as a public man?
Mr. President, the honorable Senator further
told us that this bill passed the Senate at a former
session of Congress, and was sanctioned by them.
I concede that u passed the Senate, and passed it
after I had made up my opinion against it; but it
so happened, by some negligence of mine, if you
will, or by accident, that all these tobacco bills
were called up on those days when I was absent
from the Senate, and I never had an opportunity
to be heard upon them, and they were passed
without any discussion of the piinciple involved
in them.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator says that
the practice ot the Senate, where an adverse re-
port is made upon a bill, is to concur in it as a
matter of course, and the bill is not passed. If,
by the practice of the Senate, a claim once lejected
was considered as finally rejected, this case per-
haps would never have been before us. The alle-
gation of the honorable Senator is probably strictly
correct, that in the particular case, and at the par-
ticular session at which an adverse report is made
upon a bill, that report is seldom if ever contro-
verted on the state of facts as then presented. But
look over your Senate list of claims; look hack at
your records, and what do you find to be the fact?
Sir, where a decision upon a claim is favorable,
and the bill pusses, the party gets the money,ami
of course the decision being against the United
States, is final and the money is gone. But where
a claim is rejected on one, two, or three adverse
reports for session affer session, it finally slips
through. It is brought forward eight, ten, or
twelve, and sometimes even twenty years after the
first adverse report, and presented with some
merely cumulative evidence, some slight variation
in the proof of facts in which a reasonable man
would not see the least materiality; and when all
memory of the precedent action of Congress has
passed from the minds of men, the same claim,
without reference to former adjudications, is re-
ported upon favorably, and a bill passes both
Houses allowing the claim. Any gentleman who
wdl take the trouble to examine the Senate list of
claims, which has only been published within the
last five or six years, will be able to trace the
course of legislation,and satisfy himself, that so far
from there being in general any denial of justice
to private claimants, if their claims are sometimes
