1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
733
reported upon adversely in this body and post-
poned, yet they are rarely defeated. The same
claims, if only persistently pursued, are always
ultimately allowed, unless they happen to be so
very large in amount that some gentlemen become
alarmed in consequenceof the amount, and not on
account of the objectionable principle involved.
You will find ihat to be the history of all these
claims; and 1 say, further, as the result of my ex-
amination of a great number of claims which I
have had to look at in reference to the investiga-
tion of this and other cases, that, in my opinion,
a large majority of the claims which are brought
before Congress for adjudication and allowance
are either utterly baseless as claims upon the
Government, or are so exaggerated in amount,
that, as against an individual, the same claims
would be pronounced extortion. Sir, there is a
singular characteristic in the moral nature of man,
that where, as between man and man, sympathy
may be indulged on both sides, the feeling will
probably go with the justice of the case; but when
you come to a claim upon the Government it is
looked upon as a nonentity; it has no sympathies
in its favor; and even among moral men, among
good men, many who, as between individuals,
would decide rightly, look upon the public, and the
Government representing the public, as a goose to
be plucked. Instead of censure being passed upon
the man who, by managementand skillful arrange-
ment of his proofs, obtains from the Treasury
money which, if obtained in a similar mode from
an individual, would be condemned as a fraud,
that man is applauded and admired for his saga-
city who most adroitly plucks the greatest quan-
tity of feathers from the public goose. Sir, this
is unfortunately too true. It is because this wrong
tone of sentiment does exist; it is because the ex-
amination of facts in reference to what are called
claims upon the Government is so loosely con-
ducted in the Senate and in Congress generally,
(far less loosely, I admit, in the House of Repre-
sentatives than in this body,) that, although the
party may fail to-day from happening to have
some one member on a committee who will take
the trouble to examine the case, he has only to
let his claim lie over for six or eight or ten years,
and if he has the tact to get a favorable committee,
or one favorable member, he will have a report in
his favor, and the bill may be passed. If a bill be
once recommended by one committee, all subse-
quent committees always follow like sheep in the
pathway of the first report, and recommend and
adopt the same bill. That is the course here,
founded on an ex parte examination, in which the
individual is represented by prepared testimony of
the loosest character on the one side, and on the
other the Government, representing the great
public of the United States, is totally unrepre-
sented. No testimony is presented on its behalf;
and there is little investigation in reference to the
merits of the claim, as legards its rights.
It is because I have seen so much of this, that
I have been anxious and desirous to see some
proper tribunal constituted for passing upon these
claims upon the. Government. Where a claim
is just, I admit it ought to be paid, and paid
promptly; bat I do consider these special laws
for the relief of individual parties as indicating the
progress of corruption in this Government to an
extent alarming in its character; and as long as 1
remain on this floor I shall, as far as is consist-
ent with my other duties, always oppose every
case which strikes me as not being a proper case
for relief by the Government. I will cheerfully
and gladly, at any time, vote for a bill which pro-
vides a proper tribunal to give speedy and imme-
diate relief to every man having a claim upon the
Government, under those principles of law and
equity which ought to govern the relations of the
citizen and the Government. When such a tribu-
nal is constituted, you will have something like
decisions on general principles and general rules,
which ought always to regulate and determine the
relative rights of the citizen and the Government,
in the same way that they regulate and determine
rights and obligations as between man and man.
"What a monstrous course of things is it now? As
regards an individual, if any man should propose
that the Congress of the United States^ should
legislate specially,as between the rights of individ-
uals and on ex parte statements, and proofs should
determine that one man should pay money to an-
other, the common sense of justice, and common
intelligence of every Senator, would reject it in-
stantly. And where is the difference between such
a course of action applied to individuals arid ap-
plied to the Government? Sir, the mode of pass-
ing these special acts is wrong. The tiibunal is an
inappropriate one; and alt the evils which exist in
this case, and all others, arise out of this system
of special laws connected with private claims
against the Government, instead of making pro-
visions by which they may be appropriately de-
cided by a judicial tribunal, after due investigation,
and upon proper evidence.
I have made these remarks in order to show that,
so far from an adverse report being any bar to
relief, it, in fact, by the course of practice in this
body, becomes a mere nullity. It operates for the
session, and rejects the claim for that session; but
it does not reject the claim finally. The party has
j only to persist, to adhere, to have his case so well
managed by some agent that 'he will let it lie by
j for six or eight years, during which time the whole
j body will be changed, and he will finally get a
more favorable presentation of the facts, by a
committee losing sight of the previousunfavorable
report; and his bill "will be passed. I will give an
illustration by leference to a case which occurred
at the first session, when I was a member of this
body, where a claim was reported unanimously
by the Committee on Naval Affairs. There had
been, sixteen or eighteen years previously, a
thorough investigation of the claim by the Navy
Department, and by a committee of the Senate,
and it was rejected. On the same evidence, in the
year 1848, the case was brought up in the House.
The previous investigation was lost sight of; the
whole history of the case was forgotten; and on
the same evidence which was presented previ-
ously, and without effect, a favoiable report was
made. The committee of the Senate afterwards
adopted the report of the committee of the House,
and the claim came before the Senate for allow-
a nee.
In reading cursorily that report, (at that time I
used to take the labor, which I do not mean to do
again, of reading every report made upon a private
claim,) I thought the principle upon which it rested
was unsound; and that the testimony did not sus-
tain the case as reported by the committee. This
induced me to look into it. 1 did so; and by re-
ferring to the Senate list of clainfis, I found the
anterior proceedings. I brought those matters be-
fore the Senate. The question was fully and ably
discussed in favor of the claim by the honorable
Senator from Florida, [Mr. Mallory,] but the
Senate indefinitely postponed the consideration
of the bill against the report of the committee.
I only mention that case as one illustration of, I
think I might say, the hundreds of cases which,
if any gentleman will take the trouble to examine
the Senate list of claims, he will be astonished to
find, have been persistently presented, after adverse
report upon adverse report, at intervals of five, ten,
or twenty years, and frequently have been ulti-
mately passed, although they may have been so
repeatedly rejected.
Well, sir, the Government stands in a very de-
fenseless and unjust position m this respect. If
the claimant's bill passes, he gets his money, and
there is an end of the matter. If his claim is
rejected at first, ten chances to one it is finally
allowed; for as to the practice under the rule, of
| withdrawing papers on an allegation that there is
| new proof discovered, if you will take the trouble
I to look into it, you will find that the new proof
is generally nothing more than merely slightly
cumulative testimony, and amounts to nothing
which would justify a rehearing of the case with
any intelligent man; and very often,too, a case is
again referred and reported upon favorably on
precisely the same proof on which it was origi-
nally rejected, because the texture of the com-
mittee may happen to be different.
The honorable Senator further supposes that I
used an unfair argument in representing that Mr.
Jenifer's testimony as to the tobacco at the Cedar
; Point warehouse showed that the British were
| taking tobacco there when the militia went down
| to attack them; because he said the statement had
i no application to the case now before the Senate,
' as the tobacco claimed was in Magruder's and
Nottingham warehouses. I stated m my open-
ing, and 1 believe the papers prove it—nnd though
the report of the committee does not show it, the
tobacco notes do—that a small portion of the to-
bacco for which payment is claimed here was
stored at the Cedar Point warehouse. But, sir, I
used the testimony of Mr. Jenifer to show the ani-
mus or intention of the British in the destruction
or carrying away of the tobacco. I used it to
show that an act done in and about the same time
when there was no resistance, nooccupation, indi-
cated the intention of the British to cause the de-
struction of the tobacco, irrespective of its occupa-
tion by our troops there or elsewhere, much more
strongly than the mere opinion of two witnesses—
(and that is all the evidence as to the cause of
destruction furnished by the claimants in this
case)—that it was destroyed in consequence of its
occupation by the troops of the United Spates.
That fact was to be proved. I used Mr. Jenifer's
testimony, and the proceedings at Alexandria for
the same purpose, to show that where there was
no occupation, no defense, the British had re-
moved or destroyed tobacco. L used the proceed-
ings at Alexandria to show that they avowed offi-
cially the general intent to take away all merchan-
dise capable of exportation, without regard to
whether it was defended oroccupied bythe troops
of the United States. Is not that a fair mode of
using testimony in order to repel what has been
attempted to be proved on the other side in this
case, solely by the opinion of two witnesses, that
the destruction was in consequence of the occupa-
tion by the troops of the Government, when, in
fact, there was occupation at all ?
I hope, therefore, I have relieved myself from
the charge of using this as an ad captavdum argu-
ment. I meant it to be a real one. I think it
1 both a just and fair argument. 1 think it is a
j far stronger and more natural inference, than that
by which the witnesses in their own minds ar-
rived at the opinion that, because some tobacco
warehouses were not destroyed, therefore it must
be assumed that these which ivere destroyed
where there was some fighting, were destroyed in
consequence of their being defended. I think
their opinion is a non sequilur, and that my argu-
ment establishes" the position for which I meant
to contend. The testimony of Mr. Jenifer was ^
one of a series of facts connected together, by "
which I intended to show that the British did not
destroy this tobacco in consequence of its occupa-
tion or use by the United States as a fortification,
or its availability for such purposes, but because
they meant to pfunder flour, cotton, tobacco, and
all other exportable articles, as was subsequently
their official avowal in the proceedings at Alexan-
dria.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator further
says that I should not have made the objection
which I suggested in regard to these tobacco notes
being payable to order, and that 1 would not have
made it if I had noticed the provisions of the bill.
1 had noticed the provisions of the bill, and I made
the objection as to the want of title to those notes
for this reason: this is an old claim, and I ht'dseen
in Catlett's case, that when you pass a bill here,
you do not know what proof will be admitted
under it; and I thought that, as these claimants
produced in evidence before the committee of the
Senate these notes, drawn to order, as constituting
one half of the alleged ground of claim, it was
right to say that that portion of evidence in the
case showed no claim at all on the part of the claim-
ants, unless sustained by other proof that those
notes had been rightfully transferred to them.
But, sir, the honorable Senator says that my
other objection, arising out of the lapse of time,
and the fact that those notes may have been ob-
tained for speculative purposes, is an objection
which is not founded in fact; and he seems to
think it is unjust to the parties. I did not say, I
cannot say, when they obtained them; but I said
that, according to the evidence in the case, they were
not the owners of this property at the time of its
destruction. It is unnecessary to deny that they
were the owners at that time. I know not how
that fact may really be. But I always take it for
■granted, in an ex parte case, that where the party
can prove a fact which he should essentially and
rightfully prove for the purpose of success, he will
prove it, and should be held to the proof of it. I
suppose that if Hodges & Lansdale were in busi-
ness at that time, and then owned the notes,
they would have given you sworn extracts from
their books, showing when and at what time they
purchased the notes. In the absence of such tes-
timony, all that 1 said was that the claim, as it
