1854.
IHE CONGRESSIONAL GL038I.
From Franklin, by Pinkney and Bethesda, to
Hurt's Cross Roads.
From Gainesboro', by New Columbus, Buck
Point, Meigsville, Butler's Landing, and Hamit-
ton's Landing, to Oelina.
From Gainesboro', by Whitleysville, Cleraents-
viile, Tomkinsville, Kentucky, Mud Lick, and
Skegg's Creek, to Glasgow.
From Gainesboro', by New Columbus, Hil-
ham, Livingston, Nettle Carrier, and West Fork,
to Jamestown.
From Gainesboro', by Rocky Mount, High-
land, Bagdad, and Pleasant Shade, to Dixon's
Springs.
From Gallatin to Springfield, via Cross Plains.
From Gallatin to Scottsville, Kentucky, via
Bledsoe's Ci eek.
From Gallatin to Elkton, Kentucky, via Cross
Plains, Keysburg, an() Allefisville.
i From Gallatin to Murfreesboro', via Leba-
non.
From Greenville, by Camp Creek, Horse Creek,
and Broylesville, to Rheatown.
From Greenville, by Timber Ridge, Little
Chucky, Warrensburg, Chucky Bend, Snoddy-
ville, and Leadvale, to Dandridge.
From Greenville, by Limestone Springs, Paint
Rock, Warmsprings, North Carolina, Lapland,
and French Broad, to Ashville.
From Hardinsville to Tipton C. H., via Mc-
Nairy C. H. and Hardeman C. H.
From Hardinsville to Florence, Alabama.
From Harrison to Cottonport, via Blue Springs.
From Harrison to Pikeville, via Hinson's.
From Harrison to Chattanooga.
From Harrison, by Walden's Ridge, Hinson's,
and Stephen's Chapel, to Fillmore.
Prom Harrison, by Hmson, to Pikeville.
From Hermitage, by Swallow Bluff, on the
Tennessee river, to Savannah.
From Huntingdon, by McLemoresville, Shady
Grove, Waterford, Trenton, Gibson's Wells,
Gluincy, Cageville, Cherryville, and Rusk, to
Brownsville.
From Huntingdon, by Roan's Creek, Red
Mound, Lexington, Middle Fork, Jack's Creek,
and Anderson's Store, to Purdy.
From Huntingdon, by Hico, Caledonia, Flem-
ings's, Christmasville, Pillowville, and Winston,
to Dresden.
From Huntingdon, by Terry, South Carroll,
Spring Creek, Jackson, Medon, Bolivar, Van
Buren, and Williams's Store, to La Grange.
From Jacksboro', by Huntsville, to James-
town.
From Jacksboro', by Elk Gap, to Williams-
burgh.
From Jacksboro', by Straight Fork, Buffalo
Creek, Pouch Creek, and Wild Cat, Kentucky,
to Whitley C. H.
From Jackson, by Mifflin, Jack's Creek, Mud
Creek, and Coffee Landing, to Savannah.
From Jackson, by Andrew'sCtiapel, Denmark,
Black Oak Grove, Fayette Corner, Champion-
ville, Pierce, and Somerville, to Moscow.
From Jackson, by Mount Pinson, Mifflin, and
Nero, to Lexington.
From Jasper to Nickaiack.
From Jasper, by Dadsville, Cheeksville, Loo-
ney's Creek, Coop's Creek, and Mount Airy, to
Fillmore.
From Jonesboro' to Ash C. H., North Carolina,
via Elizabethtown.
From Jonesboro' to Boat Yard, via Embree's
Iron Works.
From Jonesboro' to Ashville, North Carolina,
via the Walnut Mountains.
From Jonesboro' to Newport, via Broyle's and
Camp Creek Iron Works.
From Jonesboro' to Charlotte, North Car-
olina.
From Jonesboro', Wautauga Bend, Rocky
Mount, Greenfield, White Top, and Paperville,
to Abingdon, Virginia.
From Jonesboro', by Cox's Store, to Long-
mire.
From Jonesboro', by Buffalo Ridge, to Gott's
Cross Road.
From Kingsport, by Clover Bottom, James's
Cross Roads, and Locust Mount, to Jonesboro'.
From Kingston, by Barnardsville, Ten Mile
Stand, Seivee, Decatur, Goodfield, Pine Land,
Kmcannon's Ferry, Limestone, Long Savannah,
and Snow Hill, to Harrison.
From Kingston j by Wrightsville, Philadelphia,
Kockville, Hiwassee College, Madisonville, and
Mount Vernon, to Tellico Plains.
From Kingston, by Gray's Hill and Wood's
Hill, to Campbell's Station.
From Kingston, by'Einory Iron Works, Mor-
gan C. H., and Boiling Spring, to Jamestown.
From Kingston, by Welcher's Mills, to Rob-
ertsville.
From Kingston, by Tabor and Erie, to Athena.
From Knoxville, by,Mecklenburg, Flint Gap,
iuckahoe, Greenvale, Dandridge, Oak Grove,
Wilsonville, Newport, Parrottsville, and Cedar
Creek, to Limestone Springs.
From Knoxville, by Gap Creek, Trundle's
Cross Roads, Boyd's Creek, Henry's Cross
Roads, Cannon's Store, Sevier C. H., and Fair
Garden, to Wilsonville.
from Knoxville to Danville, Kentucky, by the
most direct and practicable route.
From Knoxville, by Marysville, Four Mile
Branch, and Madisonville, to Athens.
From Knoxville, by Lyon's Store, Calloway's,
and Gallaher's, to Kingston.
From Knoxville, by Low's Ferry, Unitia,
Cloyd's Creek, and Morganstown, to Madison-
ville.
From Knoxville, by Church Grove, Wood-
bourne, Bull Run, Haynes, and Head of Barren,
to Tazewell.
From Knoxville, by Marysville andMontvale
Springs, to Anderson C. H., South Carolina.
From Knoxville, by Campbell's Station and
Lenoir's, to Loudon.
From Knoxville, by Wilson's, Clinton, Ross,
Jacksboro', Speedwell, Pleasant, and Old Town,
to Cumberland Gap, Kentucky.
From Knoxville, by Academia, Biain's Cross
Roads, Spring House, Rutledge, Bean's Station,
Rocky Spring, Red Bridge, Marble Hill, Rogers-
ville, Yellow Store, Lyon's Store, New Canton,
Kingsport, and Eden's Ridge, to Blountsville.
From Knoxville, by Strawberry Plains, New
Market, Massy Creek, Panther Springs, Morris-
town, Russellville, Bay Mount, Gustavus, Green-
ville, Henderson's Mills, Rheatown, Leesburg,
Jonesboro', Boon's Creek,and Hilton, to Blounts-
ville.
From La Fayette, by Red Boiling Springs.
Clementsville, and Lodi, to Celina.
From La Fayette, by Meadorville, to Harts-
ville.
From La Fayette, by Brook's Tan Yard,
Witcher's Cross Roads, and North Spring, to
Whitleyville.
From La Fayette, by Goose Creek and Alton
Hill, to Rock House.
From La Grange, by Moscow, Colliersvilie,
Germantown, and High Hill, to Memphis.
From La Grange, by Wolf River and Mount
Comfort, to SomerviHe.
From Lawrenceburg to Waynesboro'.
From Lebanon, by Shop Spring, Cherry Val-
ley, Three Forks, Alexandria, Liberty, Smith-
ville, Sligo, Cassvilie, Sparta, Bonair Springs,
Claysvilie,Crossville, Belleville, PostOak Springs,
Kingston, and Hough's Ferry, to Loudon.
From Lebanon, by Mount Carmel, Ward's
Cross Roads, Cainsville, Milton, and Las Casas,
to Murfreesboro'.
From Lebanon, by Spring and Rome, to Car-
thage.
From Lebanon, by Carthage, Livingston,
Monroe, Albany, Kentucky, Monticello, and
Somerset, to Stanford.
From Lexington to Carrollville.
From Lexington, by Cub Creek Springs, to
Perryville.
From Lexington, by Lessenberrys, Spain's,
South Caroil, Lavinia, Hope Hill, and Bluff
Springs, to Trenton.
From Loudon, by Unitia and Louisville, to
Marysville.
From Loudon, by Philadelphia, SweetWater,
Facility, Athens, Riceville, Charleston, Cleveland,
Red Clay, Georgia, and Hill, to Dalton.
From Lynchburg, by Gill's Store, Flack's, and
Petersburg, to Cornersviile.
From Lynchburg, by Tucker's, Arnold's Store,
Shelton's Creek, and Hamilton, to New Market,
Alabama.
From Lynchburg, by Jacob Awalt's to Win-
chester Springs.
From Madisonville to Sweet Water.
From Manchester, by-Beech Grove, Walker's
Mills, and Fairfield, to,War Trace Depot. • ; '
From Manchester, by Sbring Creek and Pettvs-
vtlle, to Winchester.
From Marshall's Ferry to Hay's Ferry.
From Marysville, by Clover Hill, Cloyd's
Creek, Unitia, Morgantown, Rockville.and Mid-
way, to Athens.
From Marysville, by Chilhowee, Citico, Ball
Play, Belltown, Tellico Plains, Jalapa, and Co-
lumbus, to Benton. . .' -
From Marysville, by Vance Walker's, to Tuck-
alechee Cove. ,
From McMinnville, by Irving College and AI-
tamont, to Pelham.
From Morgantown to Carnesville, Georgia, via
Russell's Ferry, Chota, Tellico Plains, Beaver
Dams, and Griffins.
From Morgantown to Ross's, on the Tennes-
see, via Monroe C. H., Mount Pleasant, and
Calhoun.
From Morgan C. H. to Huntsville, in Scott
county.
Frtfm Morristown to Dandridg-e.
From Mount Pleasant to Waynesboro', via
papier and Catron's Iron Works, Buckner, and
Dixon's Store.
From Mount Pleasant, by Newbury, to Pales-
tine.
From Mount Pleasant, by Hampshire, Isom's
btore, and Duck River, to Centreville.
From Mount Vernon, by Lee's Store, Jalapa,
and Iumbrough's, to Springtown.
From Murfreesboro'to Jasper, Marion C. H.,
via Henderson's, Tolever's Store, Beech Grove,
i ?.t0,je Hillsboro', Pleasant Plains, and
! Caldwell's Bridge.
From Murfreesboro'to Franklin, via Anthony's
Store and Hardeman's Cross Roads.
From Murfreesboro' to Wilkinson's Cross
Roads, via Salem Cross Roads.
From Murfreesboro' to Gallatin, via Lebanon.
From Nashville, by McWhirtersville, Green
Hill, Silver Springs, and Coles's Ferry, to Leb-
anon.
From Nashville, by Good Spring, Franklin,
White House, Spring Hill, Columbia, Ashwood,
Mount Pleasant, Henryville, and Palo Alto, to
Waynesboro'. " -
From Nashville, by Good Spring, Franklin,
White House, Spring Hill, Columbia, Ashwood,
Mount Pleasant, Cass, Laurenceburg, Green
Hill, Alabama, Lauderdale Factory, and Ffor-
ence, to Tuscumbia.
From Nashville, by Chestnut Grove, Charlotte,
Williamsville, Waverly, Camden, and Sandy
Ridge, to Huntingdon.
From Nashville, by Ridge Post, Cooperstown,
Turnersville, Port Royal, Clarksville, New Prov-
idence, Ringgold, Oak Grove, Kentucky, and
Long View, to Hopkinsville.
From Nashville, by Mansker's,Tyree Springs,
Mulloy's, Mitchellsville, Franklin, Kentucky,
and Woodbourne, to Bowling Green.
From Nashville, by La Vergne, Smyrna,
Cherry Flat, Murfreesboro', Jordan's Valley,
Fosterville, War Trace Depot, Tullahoma, Ali-
sonia, Stevenson, and Jonesville, to Chattanooga.
From Nashville, by Anandale, Mayfield, and
Wilson's Cross Roads, to Arrington.
From Nashville, by Stewart's Ferry, Rural
Hill, Huddleston's Cross Roads, Cainsville, and
Statesville, to Liberty.
From Nashville, by Pleasant Retreat, Hender-
sonville, Saundersville, Gallatin, Greenwood,
Hanna's, Rock House, Kentucky, Scottsville,
Cedar Spring, and Pageville, to Glasgow.
From Nashville, by Tank, .South Harpeth,
Barren, Bon Aqua, and Vernon, to Centreville.
From Nashville, by Nolensville, Triune, Jor-
dan's Store, Eagleville, Versailles, Rover, Union-
ville, and McGowansville, to Shelbyville.
From Nashville, by Springfield and Adairsville,
Kentucky, to Russellville.
From New Canton to James's Cross Roads.
From Newport to Bean's Station, via Mouth of
Nolachucky, McFarland's, and Morestown.
From Newport to Rutledge, via mouth of
Chucky, Mossy Creek, and Austin's Ferry.
From Newport to Greenville, via Parrottsville
and Wood's Ferry.
From Newport to Sevierville, via McNabb's,
Corley's Creek, Shoult's, and Jones's Cove,
From Orme's Store to Washington.
