1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1443
colleague was congratulated by my colleague, Mr.
Giddixgs.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair thinks
that the gentleman must, in his explanation, con-
fine himself to the portions of the speech referring
to himself.
Mr. CAMPBELL. So closely am I associated
in all these matters that I cannot explain without
referring to them.
The gentleman is next mistaken as to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Gerrit Smith;]
and thirdly, as to the charge that I congratulated
the gentlemnn'scolleague [Mr. Cullom] upon this
floor, 1 know that it is not correct. The gentle-
man will so recollect himself. It is untrue, and I
know it, and so pronounce it, for the reason which
1 shall now proceed to give. I purposely and
studiously avoided turning my face to the gentle-
man when he was delivering his speech, and I
purposely and studiously avoided going to him,
shaking hands and congratulating him, as the dis-
tinguished gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Aiken] and others did. I did so for the reason
that I believed an effort would be made in some
quarter or another to pat these personal friends of
mine [Messrs.Cullom, Etheridge,Taylor, and
Bugg] in a false position at home. Now, I say,
in the face of God and the country, that the gen-
tleman is mistaken when he says m this speech
that I did go up and congratulate his colleague.
I have but a word more to say. I am actuated
in this matter by no unkind feeling towards the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. ChurchwellJ
for 1 think that a harsh word has never passed
between us since the commencement of our inter-
course here I did not rise because I felt that any
injury was done me by classing me with the dis-
tinguished gentlemen to my light, [Messrs. Gid-
dings and Smith;] not at all; for 1 do not know
but what they have been more in the right than I
have. I have never acted with their party. I
arose for the purpose of correcting this matter,
for the benefit of the gentleman's colleagues, sup-
posing that, by reason of the forged papers which
have been used heretofore to stigmatize me m
Tennessee, and the means used to associate these
gentlemen with me now, their constituents might
be led to indulge in erroneous opinions in relation
to their associations and their action here upon
great national questions.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I ask but a word in
reply.
Mr. HILLYER. I must object. We have
already taken up a full hour with this matter, and
I object to the gentleman's proceeding.
Mr. CHURCH WELL. I hope thegentleman
from Georgia will allow me to reply to what the
gentleman from Ohio has said.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope thegentleman from
Tennessee may be allowed to proceed with his
remarks.
Mr. ORR. 1 move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of enabling the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to go on.
Mr. HILLYER. At the earnest request of the
gentleman from Tennessee, I withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. CHURCH WELL. I am indeed thank-
ful for the speech just closed by the honorable
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell.] The
point which he rose to make was, that i had said
that the Abolitionists and Free-Soilers had con-
gratulated mykcolleague, [Mr. Cullom]—men of
such stamp as Mr. Giddings, of Ohio, Mr.
Smith, of New York, and Mr. Campbell, of
Ohio. The direct point which the honorable gen-
tleman makes is,—and he says he means it in
no disrespect,—that I used his name in connec-
tion with men of such stamp as Giddings and
Smith as congratulating my colleague. I have
hepn informed by several gentlemen, particularly
by my colleague, [Mr. Smith,] that I made use
of the language contained in the speech, as pub-
lished by me. If I was then incorrect, thegen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Cullom] should
have corrected me. There was a crowd of north-
ern Free-Soilers around my colleague, [Mr. Cul-
lom. I may have been mistaken as to Mr. Camp-
bell being among them—I am not mistaken as
to the point of fact, that he was congratulated by
Free-Soilers and Abolitionists.
There is one thing about which there is no mis-
take: that the speech of my colleague contained
sentiments which made it popular at the North.
! I find Abolition names upon the record, or list of
those who subscribed for the honorable gentle-
man's speech—Sumner, Seward, and others of
like stamp.
Mr. SEWARD. Say Seward, of New York.
[Laughter.]
Mi\ CHURCHWELL. With pleasure, sir; all
know it is the Abolitionist 1 allude to.
Mr. CULLOM. A much larger number of my
speech was circulated at the South than at the
North.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I do know that fif-
teen thousand of this speech, which thegentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] rises here and at-
tempts to justify, were circulated at the North,
and that five thousand were subscribed for by one
gentleman, [Mr. Matteson, of New York,] who
is, I believe, a known Abolitionist, and known to
be an intimate friend of Seward, of New York.
The gentleman's own statement makes a worse
case for my colleague than anything said by me.
What does the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Camp-
bell] say to-day? Heassigns asthereason why
he did not congratulate my colleague, that he was j
afraid that it would do him an injury.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman
from Tennessee will not misstate what { said. I
was then alluding to the assertion which the gen-
tl'enian made, that I did congratulate his colleague,
[Mr. Cullom.] 1 said I did not congratulate him,
and I gave as a reason for it that i had under-
stood from other sources that I was charged with
having made an effort to sway the opinions of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Cullom.] 1 pur-
posely and studiously, therefore, avoided con-
gratulating him, because 1 did not desire to have
any suspicion of that kind entertained by gentle-
men.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I understand the gen-
tleman from Ohio to say that he studiously avoided
congratulating my colleague for fear that he might
do him an injury with the people of Tennessee.
And why, why, I would ask, was he under that
apprehension ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will answer the gentle-
man why it was. It was for the reason which I
have given—that I knew tens of thousands of
forged documents, purporting to have been written
by me, and over my signature, had been scattered
over the State of Tennessee, charging Abolition
sentiments, and so forth, on me. That is the reason
why I feared to injure him with the people of
Tennessee.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. It is the first time,
since the honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] has been a member of this House, that
I have ever heard of the fact that he has attempted
to defend any gentleman who it might be thought
would be injured by an association with him. The
honorable gentleman need not get up and tell the
people—because they all believe it—that he enter-
tains Abolition notions. They know that he isan
enemy to the fugitive slave bill. What better
evidence do they want of his being an Abolition-
ist? Why, he answers that by saying that all
the Whigs of the North are equally Abolitionists.
This makes his case still worse, and is, indeed,
poor palliation !
But I shall detain the House only a few mo- j
ments longer. I have been astonished at the ex- m
traordmary position assumed by these gentlemen ;
this morning. It was a deep-laid scheme that was ,
laid to entrap me, in which the honorable gentle- ,
man from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] set the triggers, j
which my colleague from Tennessee was to pull. !
Beautiful association that, [Mr. Cullom and Mr.
Campbell.] It will make my colleague popular j
in Tennessee! ;
Mr. CAMPBELL. I expressly stated that I '
did not mean to charge that fhe gentleman from :
Tennessee [Mr. Churchwell] had made his mis-
statements willfully, or for the purpose of misrep- >
resenting me. What I stated emphatically was, j
that the remark of thegentleman was not true, was 1
not correct; that the gentleman was mistaken in ;
saying that I had congratulated his colleague; and
I have proven that he was mistaken. !
Mr. CHURCHWELL. 1 accept the gentle- ;
man's explanation. He has a right to correct ine; '
and 1 accept his correction. But I hold to what I
did say, that my colleague was congratulated by
Abolitionists. He [Mr. Cullom] does not deny (
that, but he says that gentlemen alike from North '
and South, congratulated him; and he mentions i
the names of some two or three southern men
who did so. But, sirvI am well satisfied that those
gentlemen congratulated the ability, and not the
sentiment of his speech.
Mr. CULLOM. Of course.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Of course—the gen-
tleman says.
Mr. CULLOM. Let my colleague state the
Abolitionist on this floor who congratulated me
on that head.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I said that Free-
Soilers and Abolitionists congratulated him.
Mr. CULLOM. I say that not one Abolitionist
or Free-Soiler congratulated me, as far as I know.
Mr. "CHURCHWELL. So far as the gentle-
man knows of.
Mr. CULLOM. I deny that they did, and I
require proof of the fact.
Mr. SAGE. Give the names.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. £ would name you
first.
Mr. SAGE. As thegentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Churchwell] has made allusion to me
as one of those who congratulate.d the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Cullom,] and as being a
Free-Soiler, I want to state that the gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. i did not say that
you did. I stated that thegentleman from New
York approved of the sentiments of that speech.
Mr. fcAGE. I will state to the gentleman my
position. I have ever been a Whig of the Henry
Clay school, and one of the few who supported
him in the Philadelphia convention, until General
Taylor was nominated, and that, too, when a
portion of the Kentucky delegation voted against
him.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I wish to ask my
colleague if Messrs. Matteson and Morgan did
not congratulate him ?
Mr. CULLOM. I presume they did. I can-
not speak with certainty; but I presume they did.
I do not know the fact whether they did or not.
Mr. MATTESON". Did the gentleman usk
whether 1 congratulated him?
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I did.
Mr. MATTESON, I was at Utica, New
York, at the time the speech was made; but had
I been here I should have done so.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Then nobody con-
gratulated the gentleman. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to answei ?
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a question of order.
It is this: whether, when any question arises in
the House, it is in order for any one member to
poll the members of the House?
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Has the morning
hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not yet commenced.
Mr. MORGAN. I will now answer the gen-
tleman's question. I am called upon to state
whether I did not congiatulate the gentleman's
colleague [Mr. Cullom] at the close of his speech ?
I thank God I had the opportunity of congratula-
ting a good and honest man from the South.
Let me say to the gentleman, tfyat I never be-
longed to a Free-Soil or Abolition organization,
but always to the old-fashioned Whig, Henry
Clay school, until he [Henry Clay] abandoned us
on the fugitive slave law. [Laughter.]
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Diuklvs, their Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had passed
bills of the following titles:
S. R. No. 380. An act to authorize the coin-
age of gold pieces of the value respectively of ten
eagles and five eagles, and forother purposes; and
S. R. No. 3D8. An act for the relief of the
heirs of Captain Joshua Chamberlain, deceased,
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the
House of the following titles;
House bill No. 178. An act for the relief of
Benjamin Rowe; and
House bill No. 266. An act for the relief of
Captain E. A. F. Lavalette, of the United States
Navy, severally without amendment,]
Mr. CHURCH WELT.,, i have at last ascer-
tained that he was congratulated by at least one
Abouiionist, [Mr. W a&iiburne, of Illinois.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did con-
gratulate the gentleman, and 1 shall ever congrat-
