734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
appears before the Senate, might be a speculative
claim, in which the real owners of the property
Which had been destroyed had sold the notes for
a meie song:. 1 supposed so, because there were
no extracts from the books of'the parties, and no
affidavits to prove when or how they became the
owners of the property.
Again, the honorable Senator classes this argu-
ment, which I addressed to the Senate on the
ground that these might be speculative claims, as
one among those which he designates as ad cap-
tandum. I think not so. I did not intimate, and
do not contend for a moment, that if this claim
comes within the principles on which you should
give relief to the original owner, and a party pre-
sents himself to you here and proves that the ori-
ginal owner's right of property has been transferred
to him, you ought not to relieve him as much as
the original owner. I concede, fully and freely, that
you are as much bound to relieve the assignee as
the original owner; but he must first prove his
case. When he brings his claim before you and
omits that proof, and when I look back to what
the honorable Senator from Maryland entirely
omitted to advert to in his remarks, that as early as
1818, even under the restricted laws of 1816 and
1817, frauds had become so great that the Govern-
ment refused to continue those acts beyond the
time when they were to expire by their original
limitation, I say that an argument of this kind,
connected with what may be a speculative claim,
which is not shown to be otherwise by the party
who makes it, and who might have so shown if it
were otherwise, addresses itself to the sound con-
sideration of the Senate, in weighing the testimony
in support of a stale demand.
I will not attempt to go into the different argu-
ments used by the honorable Senator from Mary-
land in reply to those which I urged. I will barely
notice one or two of the cases which he has cited,
as contrary to my views. First, as to the treaty
of Ghent. Without going atall into the question
whether, from the nature of this case, it comes
within the treaty of Ghent, this answer is conclu-
sive: The committee did not bring it within it; the
evidence does not bring it within it. There was a
tribunal established for the purpose of making a
fair allowance to every peison who came within
the terms of that treaty, is it not reasonable to
suppose that every person who had a just claim
went before the Board of Commissioners, estab-
lished his claim, and received the money? is it
reasonable now, because there m? y happen to be
a residuum of that fund left m the Treasury, to ask
you to allow this claim, although there is no proof,
or only what the honorable Senator calls histori-
cal testimony, to sustain it r If the honorable Sen-
ator will present a petition on behalf of Hodges &
Lansdale, and, with the petition, a bill authonzing
the accounting officers of the Treasury to investi-
gate the facts of the case, and to determine whether
it comes within the treaty of Ghent, and the de-
cision.of the Emperor of Russia, under that treaty,
and, in the event of a favorable decision, to pay to
the parties in hquidatfon of their claim any balance
which may remain in the Treasury unappropri-
ated of the fund received from Great Britain, i am
perfectly willing to vote for such a bill. I should
be disposed to waive the lapse of time as a bar to
the claimant*, though certainly it is through their
own negligence that they have not comc forward
before; and it is but reasonable to presume, as to
all claims which did not enme before the commis-
sion which was sitting, with fuh authority to allow
the claims of all persons who had just demands
under the treaty, that there must have been some
radical defect in their proof. But the report of the
committee does not raise such a question. There
is no evidence to support the claim on this ground.
The committee do not prerend to bring the claim
within the treaty of Ghent; nor does the bill au-
thorize its payment out of the fund remaining
under that treaty.
The next position of the honorable Senator
which requires notice relates to Mr. Ramsey's
report. 1 have read that report to the Senate, and
it is not necessary for me to restate its arguments.
But there is a view taken of the effect of its rea-
soning by the honorable Senator which 1 think
deseives notice at my hands.
The honorable Senator assumes that the rea-
Hoiitntf of the Auditoi, and the reasoning of the
committee in Mr, Ramsey's report, made in 1845,
only go to show that the case of Catlett (and
therefore this case, for both are identical) is not
within the principles of the laws of 1816 and 1817,
but that they impliedly admit, as he contends,
that this chum would be payable on the principles
of equity and justice, is that so? I supposed that
when the committee of the House of Representa-
tives, in 1845, had before them the claim of Mrs.
Swan, one of two results was certain; they re-
ported against it, because it did not come within
the principles of the laws of 1816 and 1817. if
there had been any principle of* equity and jus-
tice which, m their opinion, would have justified
the allowance, does the honorable Senator sup-
pose that the committee would not have recog-
nized that principle? If it had been proper to
extend those laws so as to grant relief to Mrs.
Swan, I presume such would have been the rec-
ommendation of the committee. As there was
no such recommendation, I think I may safely
say that the committee of the House, m 1845, in-
tended to report, not only that the case of Mrs.
Swan, which is identical with this, did not come
within the principles of the laws of 1816 and 1817,
but also that those principles were correct, and
that the paity not coming within them ought not
to be relieved on any loose notions of equity.
That is the result of their report, and that is the
result of any case which rejects a claim of a simi-
lar character.
But the honorable Senator alleged (I think
under a great misapprehension) that the reason
why these restrictions as to relief were adopted
in the years 1816 and 1817 arose out of the fact
that the Government was then embarrassed in its
circumstances, and that its pecuniary embarrass-
ments necessarily required a stiicter adherence to
restrictive principles m the rejection of claims
than is now necessary. The honorable Senator
is mistaken in point of fact. He will find, I think,
on examination, that during the years 1817 and
1818, instead of United States stocks selling for
sixty cents to the dollar, they stood at a premium
of from ten to twelve per cent, for six per cent,
stocks. JN"o doubt during the war there had been
difficulties; but after the war, the credit of the
Government immediately recoveied, and in 1817
(and my recollection goes back sufficiently to cover
it) the stocks of the Government were at a pre-
mium of from ten to fifteen per cent. But, inde-
pendently of that fart, there cannot be found the
report of a committee at that time which places
the refusal of relief on the ground of the then
state of the Treasury; and, therefore, it will not
do to assume that these claims were rejected be-
cause the state of the Treasury would not allow
their payment, when the grounds taken at the
time were totally distinct, and such as I endeav-
ored to develop in my former remarks.
The honorable Senator referred to the limitation
imposed by the act of 1816, that compensation
should be confined to property destroyed whilst
in actual possession of the troops of the United
States; and he thought that, under this limitation,
damages for which the Government would be
responsible would not often occur. Sir, Con-
gress, in passing that act, had reference to the
exigencies of war, the attacks and repulses which
take place, the injuries to private property which
happen when a laige district is ir. possession of
the enemy; and considered upon what precarious
and unreliable testimony the value of the property,
the mode of defense, and the extent of occupation
always must rest. Congress, on the ground of the
precarious character of such testimony, and the
danger of fraud and misrepresentation, required,
by the laws of 1816 and 1817, that the officer in com-
mand should be examined, if alive, in order to
prove the fact that the order was given, and that no
supplemental, no subsidiary proof should betaken,
unless his non-examination was accounted for.
This, I think, was a very necessary rule, and one
founded upon the plainest principles of propriety.
Again: the honorable Senator is mistaken in
supposing that Mr. Madison suspended the oper-
ation of the law of 1816, or the action of the
Commissioner. He suspended the awards of the
Commissioner, not the taking of testimony. The
parties could go on and take testimony, but the
awards of the Commissioner, which were to be
final, were suspended by the President until fur-
ther legislation by Congiess.
Nor, sir, was the act of 1817, as the honorable
Senator supposes, more restrictive than the act of
1816. It was more definite. It was meant to
guard against a loose construction. It rather ex-
tended the former act than otherwise, because the
Jaw of 1816 only provided for relief in case of
houses occupied as places of military deposit;
and the act of 1817 allowed relief where the
property was occupied as a military deposit or
as barracks. The difference was, that under the
amended law of 1817 it required the specific order
of the officer, and under the act of 1816 it was
simply required that it should be done under the
authority of an officer.
The honorable Senator read a portion of the
report of the committee of the Senate in the case
of Catlett as counter to my views. That report
was made by a gentleman, then a member of this
body, who afterwards became President of the^
United States. If I had time now to discuss the
principles embodied in that report, and could task
the patience of the Senate by investigating them,
I think 1 could demonstrate their indefinite and
illusory character. This much is certain: that
the bill which he reported to the Senate, founded
upon the principles contained in his report, was
rejected by the body. The Senate struck out
the provision allowing the claim to be settled
" upon principles of equity and justice "—words
so loosely used when applied to the settlement of
claims against the Government—and introduced
words requiring that it should be settled upon the
principles of the laws of 1816 and 1817. In so
doing they repudiated the principles announced in
that report. But, sir, it appears, that when the
decision of the auditor under their bill was before *
the Senate in 1839, and investigated by the com-
mittee. that committee asked to be discharged,
and were discharged, from the further considera-
tion of the subject; thus evincing an approval of
the course and opinion of the auditor, and proving
that the auditor, in the opinion of the committee
of the Senate, had carried out the law which had
been passed as Congress meant it should be car-
ried out. The same inference must also be drawn
from Mr. Ramsey's report.
The honorable Senator has alsostated and relied
upon some cases in which lelief has been granted
contrary to the principle for which I contend, as
regards personal property destroyed by an enemy.
I do not deny for a moment, I did not before, that
there were special cases where the principles of
thelawsoflHlfiand 1817 had been misapplied,and
relief had been granted in opposition to those prin-
ciples. I admit it now; but I contended that Con-
gress had adhered to the principles of those laws,
and for that purpose I cited reports to show, that
when a proposition had been made as late as 1832
to extend those laws, the committee reported
against it upon a general investigation of the prin-
ciples. Then, have I not a right to say that Con-
gress has adhered to that general principle? and
have I not a right to qualify the statement in the
mode which 1 have suggested—that it may be true,
and I have no doubt is always true, that, establish
what principle you may m a general law, a case
may creep through Congress where the facts are
not within the application of principles which Con-
gress has previously recognized ?
I apply these remarks to the case of Mr. Soth-
oron, which I have read several times I consider
that case clearly a violation of the acts of ]816and
1817. 1 do not think the evidence brings it withm
them, but certainly it is a much stronger case
than this, because there were facts connected with
it which might, under all the circumstances, have
raised a doubt as to whether the party had time
and opportunity to remove his property. The
occupation of the property for barracks was clearly
proved. The same man owned the realty and the
personalty, and both were destroyed at the same
time. In this case no individual has ever claimed
for the destruction of the warehouses. Whether
owned by the county or by the State, as the Sen-
ator suggests, or by an individual, no claim was
ever made on the Government for the real estate,
and yon nre now asked to pay for personal prop-
erty situated in the real estate, because the real
estate was destroyed by the enemy in consequence
of its occupation by the United States when that
real estate has never been claimed or paid for. if
a claim had been made, and could have been
proved, the real estate would undoubtedly have
been paid for, because it comes clearly within the
acts of 3815 and 1817, if it was occupied for mil-
itary parposes and destroyed justifiably in conse-
quence of such occupation.
