1854. #
mmwmm
From Frankfort, by Forks-of Elkton, White
Sulphur, Great Crossings,Georgetown, Newton,
and Centrevilte, to Paris.
From Frankfort, by Dorsev's, to Versailles.
From Frankfort, by Elti Fork, Monterey,
Owen ton, New Liberty, Poplar Grove, andGlen-
coe, to Warsaw.
From Grayson C. H.,by Mount Savage, Bolt's
Fork, and Falls of Blaine, to Louisia G. H. a
From Grayson C. H., by Buffalo Furnace,
Laurel Furnace, and Raccoon Furnace, to Greenup
C. H.
From Grayson C. H., by.Oldtown and Greenup
C. H., to Haverhill, Ohio.
From Grayson C. H., by Bruin, Little Sandy,
and West Liberty, to "Hazel Green.
From Garnettsville to Big Spring.
From Ghent to Vevay, Indiana-.
From Glasgow, by Three Forks, Mammoth
Cave, Brownsville, Grayson's Springs, Litchfield,
and Hudsonville, to Hardinsburg.
From Glasgow, by Merry Oaks, Engleside.and
Smith's Grove, to Bowling Green.
From Glasgow, by Roseville, Frederick, and
Enon, to Lafayette, Tennessee.
From Glasgow, by Rockland Mills, Grady.ville,
East Fork, and Sugar Plant, to Columbia.
From Glasgow, by Rocky Hill, Peter's Creek,
Dry Fork, Sulphur Lick, and Tompkinsville, to
Centre Point.
From Glasgow, by Randolph, Edmonton, Mar-
row Bone, and Burksville, to Albany.
From Georgetown, by Oxford, Leesburg, and
Broadweil, to Cynthiana.
From Georgetown, by Griffey's Office, Beatley's
Mills, Lee's Mills, Bassett's Store, and Stamper-
tpwn, to Owenton.
From Grayson to Paintsville.
From Greenville, by Rochester, to Morgan-
town.
From Greenville, by South Carrollton, Hart-
ford, Brigg's Mills, and Planter's Hall, to Har-
dinsburg.
From Greenville, by Pond River Mills, Ell-
wood, Madisonville, Nebo, Providence, Ashland,
Bordley, and Longwood, to Morganfield.
From Greensburg, by Laurel Grove, Catalpa
Grove, and Glen Brook, to Mumfordsyille.
From Harlan C. H., by.Poor Fork, to Brash-
ersville.
From Hardinsville, by Rough and Ready, Law-
renceburg, Salvisa, McAfee, and Harrodsburg, to
Danville.
From Hardinsville, by Southville and Harrison-
ville, to Mount Eden.
From Hardinsburg, by Stevensport, to Rome,
Indiana.
From Hartford, by Buckhorn and Buford's, to
Owensboro'.
From Harrodsburg, by Perryvilie, Texas,
Springfield, and Frederickstown, to Bardstown.
From Harrodsburg, by Cornishvilie, Mack-
ville, Wilhsburg, Beechland, and Springfield, to
Lebanon.
From Hawesville to Cannellton.
From Hazle Green, by Estell's Steam Furnace,
to Irvine.
From Hazle Green, by Frozen Creek, Jackson,
and Lost Creek, to Perry C. H.
From Hickman, by Moscow and Ralphton, to
Feliciana.
From Hopkinsville, by Wooldridge's Store,
Williams's, Underwood,Madisonville, Mulberry
Grove, Carlo, and Cairo, to Henderson.
From Tlopkinsville, by Atkinson, Little Prai-
rie, and Earle's, to Rumsey.
From Hopkinsville, by Bainbridge, Pollard's
Tan Yard, Princeton, Eddyville, Ross's Ferry,
and Smithland, to Paducah.
From Hopkinsville, by Church Hill, Genoa,
Garretsburg, Newstead, Lindsay's Mills, Roar-
ing Spring, Lafayette, and Lineport, Tennessee,
to Pme Bluff, Kentucky.
From Hopkinsville, by Pembroke, Trenton, j
Hadensville, Sadlersville, Tennessee, Keysburg, j
Kentucky, arid Barren Plain, to Springfield. t
From Irvine, by Proctor, South Fork, Boone- j
ville, and Sexton's Mills, to Manchester. J
From Jamestown to Rowena. i
From Jericho, by Sligo, to Bedford. j
From Kingston, by Menclos, to Mount Ver- |
non. i
From Lancaster, by Paint Lick and Kirksville, :
to Richmond. i
From Lexington, by.Keene, Pekin,.and: Pleas-
ant Mill,,to HagrocUburg.
Prom Lexington, by Nicholassville, Jessamine,
Btyaotqville, Danville, Perryvilie, Lebanon, New
Market, Campbellsville, Greensburg-, Monroe,
Centre, Three Springs, Park, and Blue Spring
Grove., to Glasgow,
From Lexington, by Moraland, Hpuston,,
Paris, Ruddled Mills, Cynthiana, Callensville,
Falmottth-, Ash Run, Flow-er Creeks Grassy
Creek, and Covington, to Cincinnati, Ohio.
From Lexington, by Georgetown, Little Eagle,
Ray's Fork, Williamstown, Dry Ridge, Critten-
den, Walton, Florence, Dry Creek, and Coving-
ton, to Cincinnati.
From Lexington, by Pine Grove, Winchester,
and Mount Sterling, to Owingsvilie.
From Lexington, by M-orejand, Houston, Paris,
Millersburg, Carlisle, Black Hawk, Ehzaviile,
Helena, and North Fork, to Maysville.
From Lexington, by Walnut, Cleveland,
White Hall, Richmond, Rogersvilie, K mgston,
Joe's Lick, Big Hill, and Mershom's Cross
Roads, to London.
From Liberty to Monticello.
From Line to New Madrid, Missouri.
From London, by McHargue's Mills, Lynn
Camp, Barboursville, Flat Lick, Cumberland
Ford, Yellow Creek, Cumberland Gap, Tennes-
see, Tazewell, Sycamore, Thorn Hill, Bean's
Station, and Marshall's Ferry, to Russellville.
From London, by Bush's Store, to Manches-
ter.
From London, by Pond Creek and Grey Hawk,
to Booneville.
From London, by Woodbine and Rockholds,
to Whitley C. H.
From Louisa C. H., by Grape Vine, John's
Creek, Tug, Big Creek, Forks of Sandy, and
Warfield, to. Lonville.
From Louisa, in Lawrence county, by Ban-
trem's Store, Falls of Tug River, Warfield Coal
Mining Company, George Clark's, Mouth of
Pigeon Creek, Virginia, to Lonville, Kentucky.
From Louisville, by Williamson, Clove's De-
pot, La Grange, Smilhfield, Eminence, Midview,
Pleasureville, Cropper's Depot, Christiansburg,
Consolation, Frankfort, Midway, and Payne's
Depot, to Lexington.
trom Louisville, by Madison, Indiana, Car-
rollton, Kentucky, Vevay, Indiana, Ghent, Ken-
tucky, Warsaw, Patriot, Indiana, Hamilton,
Kentucky, Rising Sun, Indiana, Aurora, Peters-
burg, Kentucky, Lawrenceburg, Indiana, and
Elijah's Creek, Kentucky, to Cincinnati, Ohio.
From Louisville, by Lacona, Salina, West
Point, Red Hill, Elizabethtown, Nolan, Leesville,
Mumfordsville, WoodsonviUe, Woodland, Prew-
ett's Knob, Three Forks, and Dripping Springs,
to Bowling Green.
From Louisville, by Fern Creek, Hays'Spring,
Mount Washington, High Grove, Bardstown,
Poplar Neck, New Haven, Oak Hill, Magnolia,
Green River, Clear Point, and Bear Wallow, to
Glasgow.
From Louisville, by St. Matthews, Middletown,
Long Run, Simpsonville, Shelbyville, Clay Vil-
lage, Hardinsville, and Bridgeport, to Frankfort.
Prom Louisville, by Jeffersontown, Fishers-
ville, Wilsonville, Taylorsville, and Bloomfield,
to Chaplin.
From Marion, by Camp Creek, Bell's Mines,
and Cypress, to Morganfield.
From Marion, by Walker's and Cave-in-Rock,
Illinois, to Equality.
From Maysville, by Slack, Germantown,
Brookville, Powersville, and Pleasant Ridge, to
Falmouth.
From Maysville, by Washington, Oak Woods,
Blue Lick Springs, and Forest Retreat, to Miilers-
burg.
From Maysville, by Orangeburg, Poplar Flat,
Clarksburs:,Vanceburg, Kinmconick, Rock Creek,
Tygert's Creek, Truitsville, Springville, Greenup
C. H., Amanda, and Pollard's Mills, to Catletts-
burg.
From Middleton.by Eakin Road, to Shelbyviile.
From Mount Sterling, by Aaron's Run, Mount
Ida, and North Middletown, to Paris.
From Mount Sterling, by Levee, Kiddviile,
and Red River Iron Works, to Jrvine.
From Mount Sterling-, by Howard's Mills,
Peeled Oak, Olympian Springs, Highland, Gill's >
Mills, and Cassity's Mills, to West Liberty.
From Mount. Sterling,, by: Garaargo, Cash's
Nob, Laurel Fork, Black Water,. Hazle Gieen,.
Johnson a Fork, smd Licking Station,. toEr.eaton-
burg. . ~
From- Mount. Sterling,, by Sharpsburg., Bethel,
Sherburne's Mills, JPin Hook, i-'ieiuiiigsburi:, and
-North l*'ork, to Maysville. . ... „ ,
From Mount Washington to Shepherckville. ,
From Murray-, by New Gonoor,d, to. Pine
Bluff. "
f'I0'" New. Castle, by Campbellsbiirg,Bedford,
and Milton to Madison, Indiana..
From New Haven, by-New Hope,- Loretto,
Lebanon, Raywick, and Rolling Fork, to New-
Haven.
From Newport, by Covington, to Cincinnati,
Ohio.
From Newport, by Cold Spring, Alexandria,
Bird s Woods, and Tibbatt's Cross Roads, to
Flower Creek.
From Owensboro' to Knottsville.
From Owensboro', by Crow's Pond, Ashbys-
burg, and Hall, to Madisonville.
From Owensboro', by Long Falls- Creek, Cal-
houn,Rumsey, Social Hill, Worthington, Bremen,
Greenville, Lead Hill, Fruit Hill, Pilot Knob,
and Clifty, to Elkton.
From Owenton, by Macedonia and Gardner's,,
to Mouth of Sugar Creek, in Gallatin county.
From Owingsvilie, by Wyoming, Hillsboro',
Poplar Plains, Fletningsburg, and Mount Car-
mel, to Mount Gilead.
From Owingsvilie, by Marshall, Farmer's,
Triplett, Knapp's, Upper Tygert, Olive Hill,
Grayson, Star Furnace, and Cannonsburg, to
Catlettsburg.
From Paducah, by Exchange, Symsonia, apd
Benton, to Aurora.
From Paducah, by Melvin's, Massock, Love-
laceville, Blandville, Milburn, Clinton, and Mos-
cow, to Hickman.
From Paducah, by Lovelaceville, Blandville,
Elm, Melvin, Wilson's Creek, Mayfield, Clark'a
River, Farmtngton, and Leander, to Boydsville,
Tennessee. - ■
From Paris to Winchester, by Stony Point.
From Perry C. H., by Begley's,. to Manches-
ter.
From Perry C. H., by Brashersvilie, to Whites-
burg.
From Petersburg to Cincinnati, Ohio,, via Bal-
littsville-and Constance.
From Piketon, by Mouth of Card, to Rich lands.
From Piketon, by Lonville, to Logan C. H.,
Virginia.
From Piketon, by Robinson's Creek, Democ-
racy, Whitesburg, Pounds, Virginia, Big Glades,
and Guest Station, to Osborne's Ford.
From Poplar Plains, by Plummer's Mills,
White Oak Hill, Triplett,, Ghristy's, Fork, and,
Little Sandy, to West Liberty.
From Poplar Flab by Martin's Fork, to.Con-
cord.
From Princeton, by Montezuma, Shady Grove,
and Farmersville, to Providence.
From Princeton, by Chalk; Level and Mc-
Garie's, to Madisonville.-
From Princeton, by Long Pond and Wallonia,
to Cadiz. _
From Princeton, by Walnut Grove, Fredoniaj
Marion, Crittenden Springs, and Salem, to Smith-
land
From Pleasureville,. by Franklington, Lock-
port, and Gratz, to Owenton.
From Prestonburg, by Boone Valley, to Perry
C. H.
From Red River Iron Works to Stanton.
From Richmond, by Elliston, to Irvine.
From Richmond, by Breckville and Walnut
Valley, to Kidwell.
From Russellville, by duality Valley, Roches-
ter, Brown's Grove, Tippecanoe, and Beaver Dam
to Hartford.
From Russellville, by Buena Vista Springs and
Gordonville, to Elkton.
From Russellville, by Henrysvilie and Laurel
Bluff, to Greenville.
From Russellville, by Hague, Franklin, Hick-
ory Flat, New Roe, Scottsville, and:Hilton, to
Tompkinsville.
From Russellville, by Volney, Allensville, and
Hadensville, to Clarksville, Tennessee.
■From Somerset, by Daboey-and Woodstock,
to Crab Orchard.
