1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Compensation for the real estate has never been
claimed by any one; and yet you are asked to
pay for the personalty on the testimony of two
solitary witnesses, one of whom, and he the
material one, 1 have endeavored to show, has de-
tracted from his own credibility by the want of
fairness and accuracy in his mode of statement. I
refer to Mr. Baden. The testimony of General
Biscoe does not sustain the present case at all.
It is true that in Mr. Sothoron's case, in 1847,
the committee assumed theground that they could
not draw any distinction between personal and
real property; but did they give you any argu-
ment? None whatever. They merely say that
they can see no distinction. I have endeavored
to point out the distinction which I think exists,
and it is for the Senate to determine on its sound-
ness. I adhere to the opinion that it does exist;
and most certainly I have the laws of 1816 and
1817 to sustain me; and Congress, as then con-
stituted, and the committees who then made their
reports, made them adverse to the inclusion of
personal property.
But the honorable Senator cites the case of Hen-
derson, at Monday's Point, a part of the report
in which I read, which was originally rejected,
but at a subsequent Congress passed. To what
extent that claim was allowed the honorable Sen-
ator does not tell us. He brings no report of a
committee to controvert the principles of the laws
of 1816 and 1817, but he shows that this and a
few other bills have passed in special cases. I
_ admit that special acts have been passed, which
" are a misapplication of the principle; but that prin-
ciple has never been deliberately rejected by Con-
gress, and in every case in which it has been pro-
posed to extend those laws upon the broad ground
of principle the proposition has been rejected.
The honorable Senator also referred to the case
of Gad Humphrey, in which Indians had de-
stroyed certain property. That is a case in which
the claimant was clearly entitled to relief; and I
have enunciated no principle which would militate
against his right to relief in such a case. The
Government troops took possession of the man's
real estate, for their own use, as a fortification, and
for no other purpose. They drove out his negroes,
who were in consequence of that act carried away
by a savage enemy. There was no opportunity
to remove them to a place of safety. In such a
case, of course, the Government was responsible.
Nor do I deny the right of relief in the case of the
proprietor of the rope-walk, which the Senator
mentioned, if he proved his facts by reliable evi-
dence. The Government in that case took from
the party the means of removing his property—
the teams with which he was removing to a place
of safety. If a man can prove that the Govern-
ment prevented the removal, it is the same thing
as though they had taken possession of the prop-
erty, and it thus comes fully within my principle.
It is not because the enemy were justified in the
destruction, but because the property was subjected
to exposure and consequent destruction, by the
act of the Government appropriating it, or pre-
venting the owner's rightful control over it in re-
moval to a place of safety; and clearly, if the Gov-
ernment takes possession for its own use of the
means of removing the property, it restricts the
owner in the free use of his property, and is the
direct cause of the injury, which otherwise would
not have been sustained. There is no such case
made out here. I do not deny the principle appli-
cable to either of the two cases to which I have
just referred. I do not deny that they were proper
cases for relief; but their principles do not attach
upon the present case.
The honorable Senatoradmits that the property
must be justifiably destroyed by the enemy, in
order to make the Government responsible. He
admits that it must be destroyed in consequence
of use by the United States; and he endeavors to
make out that the property of the claimants was
so used. I said before, and I adhere to the declar-
ation, that the destruction of this tobacco, as
well as the other devastation by the British in the
waters of thePatuxent, was not justified by the
usages of civilized warfare. These tobacco ware-
houses were situated generally on the banks of
the streams, and the enemy had their vessels in
those streams. Now, does the fact that the Gov-
ernment of the United States turned out if you
please, a portion, not ail, of the tobacco at Not-
tingham, for the purpose of making a breastwork,
and that the troops scaled off, or fired off cannon,
justify the destruction of all ? Or, in other words,
because tobacco had been used in one particular
instance for the purpose of defense, could the
enemy treat tobacco as an article coming within
the term " munitions of war," and so destroy it?
Mr. PRATT. I spoke of this tobacco.
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir; this particular to-
bacco. The particular tobacco used at Notting-
ham was not, from agy proof here, the tobacco
for which the claimants ask compensation; only a
small portion, according to the statement, (how
much is not mentioned,) was turned out for the
purpose of erecting a temporary breastwork at
Nottingham. It was not destroyed in that posi-
tion; there is no proof or pretense of that sort.
I admit unhesitatingly, that if it had been formed
into a breastwork, and the British had landed, they
would have had a right to destroy the breastwork;
but I deny that they had a right to destroy other
tobacco warehouses because the tobacco might
probably be used as breastworks, any more than
because General Jackson used cotton bales at
New Orleans, they would have had a right, under
the rules of civilized warfare, to destroy cotton
whenever they came across it. The particular cot-
ton or the tobacco which made the fortress might
be justly the subject of destruction and of com-
pensation if destroyed while there. But I deny
that an enemy can carry the principle further and
say, that because you use a particular private
house for the purpose of defense, that justifies its
destruction at any subsequent period. Sir, I illus-
trated this before by reference to our own soldiers
in Mexico. I thought the principle clear enough, >
that while the contest was going on at Monterey,
for instance, and the enemy were firing on them
from their houses, if they found it necessary to !
make their way through private houses in order i
ta dislodge the enemy, it was perfectly justifiable;
but when the defense ceased, and the conflict was !
over, if the American troops had destroyed all |
the houses which had been used for defense, or |
from which shots had been fired, they would have
been barbarians, instead of being American sol- i
diers. They would have done precisely what the -
British did during the war of 1812, and would
have violated the principles and usages of civilized
warfare.
Theao sir, I am at issue with the honorable
Senator from Maryland, as to the right of the
British to destroy this property under the circum-
stances, because in one or two cases—and there
are but two—it was thrown into the semblance of
a breastwork. I do not consider that the ware-
house at Magruder's, and the tobacco in it, re-
ceived the character of a fortress, from the fact
that the militia got behind it at the timethe British
boats were coming up to take away the tobacco.
The Senator says" the British took the tobacco in
consequence of its defense by the troops. I say
they came there to take it, and the militia* went
down to defend it.
Mr PRATT. The Senator will permit me to
say that there is not one tittle of evidence to sup-
port that assertion. He has confounded Cedar |
Point with Magruder's Ferry.
Mr. BAYARD. I admit that there is no direct
evidence in the case as to this point. All the evi-
dence we have upon it from the claimants, is the
opinion of James Baden and Mr. Selby; they are
of opinion the British destroyed the tobacco in
consequence of its use and occupation by our
troops; but they do not prove any use or occupa-
tion at all. They prove that the militia got behind
the warehouse, and fired until their ammunition
was exhausted, and then retreated. Is that any
occupation ? But they only swear to their opinion,
and I endeavored to countervail that testimony by
showing, that m regard to another warehouse—
that at Cedar Point—Mr. Jenifer proved that the
British were taking off the tobacco before the
militia went down to defend it, and that they re-
pulsed the militia, and then destroyed or carried
off the tobacco. I have shown, also, that at Alex-
andria, where there was no defense, they carried
it off. From these general facts, I drew the infer-
ence that the only reasonable presumption was,
that the British were approaching this warehouse
for the purpose of taking away the tobacco; and
the mere inability of the American troops to defend
it did not justify its destruction according to the
usages of civilized warfare, because the Govern-
ment had impressed upon it no public character.
Will the honorable Senator contend that because
in the midst of a war, whether in a city or in the
country, the troops, in an engagement, get behind
a house and fire from that house, the enemy, after
the contest is over, would be justified in destroying
the house because it had been capable of being
used for temporary protection from their fire? If
that principle be true, of course you have no right
to defend your property at all; and in every case
an enemy is justified in devastating and burning
down every house which he comes across, because
it may be that American troops could get behind
the house to defend themselves.
Then, as to the value of tobacco as a fortifica-
tion, I think it rests more in the fancy of my hon-
orable friend than in reality. There are but two
cases in all these proofs which I have been able to
find where any attempt was made to use it as a
fortification. 1 should think it was rather a dan-
gerous fortification and a clumsy one, for if they
threw up tobacco as a breastwork, and used can-
non, it would be difficult to arrange port holes
in hogsheads. And if cannon were used on both
sides, the splinters from the hogsheads would be
rather dangerous accompaniments. It may be,
that if ihe tobacco could be taken out of the hogs-
heads and used alone it would be cannon proof,
and that is the case with other materials. It is the
case with cotton; but that does not justify the de-
struction of cotton, except where it is used as a
fortification, or embankment, or breastwork by an
enemy. You might as well say, that because men
are the means by which war is actually carried
on you could put every prisoner of war to death
and refuse to ransom him, because if he were re-
leased he might subsequently carry arms against
you. The principle would he as justifiable in the
one case as in the other. Without men you can-
not carry on war; without tobacco you may,and
the necessity would exist to a much stronger ex-
tent, and it would be much more justifiable to de-
stroy every prisoner of war than adopt the princi-
ple, that an article of property may be destroyed,
though not in use for military purposes, merely
because a similar article may have been used in
one particular case, and at one particular time,
under the pressure of emergency for temporary
defense.
I submit, on the whole, Mr. President, that my
principles have not been controverted; and that,
though I admit that relief has been granted in
cases where it ought not to have been, there is no
case to be found in which relief has been allowed
by the Congress of the United States to a party,
as the claimant of personal property, irrespective
of his ownership of the real property. The case
of Mr. Sothoron is an excepted case, in which, if I
were justified in detaining the Senate,.I could show
plausible grounds why the committee might sup-
pose relief should be granted, though I confess I
differ from them. I think it is a misfortune that
so late as 1848 or 1850, when that claim was al-
lowed, Congress should havedeparted,even.in the
one case, from the principles to which they ad-
hered from 1816 down to that time; and a still
greater misfortune if now they should open the
door, after the lapse of forty years, to let in claims
to a large extent not only in this neighborhood,
but all along your northern frontier, for you can-
not grant relief in the one case and refuse it in the
other. The application now before you is one of
the fruits of the special legislation in that case.
You will have evidence enough coming before
you; you will have c.ises enough coming before
you; you may pass this bill, and you may pass
some others; and 1, though no prophet, will ven-
ture to tell you, that if you do pass them you
will, before four years are over, be obliged,at least,
to refuse relief in cases more clearly proved, and
more substantially coming within the principles
of these laws than this case. You cannot rebut
them; for it is an easy task to manufacture, with-
out possibility of detection, ex parte testimony,
founded upon the perversions of human memory,
as to events which occurred so long ago, and
when there has been a period of time within which
hearsay has ripened into conviction, and individ-
uals, without intending to swear to what is false,
do unquestionably swear to what, if it were now
capable of investigation, could be proved not to be
the fact. But all this is no attack upon the integ-
rity of men. It comes simply to this: that the
events of war excite the imagination; that in the
course of time age excuses, while it accounts for.
