1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1445
remarks, that the Committee of Elections be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
subject.
I omitted to say that in my letter to Mr. Isaacs,
I stated to them, as well as I now remember, that
the Committee of Elections had no power to send
to New York to have testimony taken, or to go
there for that purpose. They seemed to think
from their letter to me previously to the one that
I have just read, that the committee would come to
New York and sit there and take testimony, or^else
send a commission for that purpose. 1 informed
thesegentlemen that, under the rules ofthe House,
the committeehad no such power; and now, if the
House think that the matter ought to be further
considered, let them, instead ofvoting affirmatively
on ray proposition that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the sub-
ject, reject that proposition, and give the commit-
tee the power to send for persons and papers, or
to send a commission to New York; and I am
sure there is not a single member of thecommittee
who will not discharge his duties in the premises
promptly. These persons have no right to com-
plain of the course of the committee, as every dis-
position has been shown to hear and consider
whatever testimony might be furnished them; and
the committee had no power to take or consider
any testimony which did not come to them through
the House by regular reference. The fact that
they did not send further testimony, and pursue
the course which I indicated, is not explained by
their last memorial, in which they censure the
committee. I move that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the me-
morial.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I wiil suggest to
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,]
that in my opinion the proper course to be taken
m this matter is to suspend the rules, so as to en-
able us to reconsider this vote by which these
papers were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions. They were so referred; b«t they never
ought to have been; and I am sure it was a mat-
ter of inadvertence on the part of che Speaker,
that they were so referred; because the reference
of them was in direct violation of one of our stand-
ing rules. They are not respectful to this body,
or to its members.
Mr. STANTON. The letters which I read
were not referred to the committee.
Mr. EWlNGr. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Virginia to withhold his proposition m ref-
erence to this matter until I can make a very few
remarks.
Mr. BAYLY. I shall finish my remarks in a
moment, and then the gentleman will have an
opportunity to submit what he has to say.
I suggest to the House that the appropriate mode
of getting rid of this whole matter is to reconsider
what has been done. My own opinion is, that
the proper course is not to receive these papers at
all. They are disrespectful to the House, and 1
am sure, as I said before, it was an inadvertence
on the part of the Speaker that the papers were
ever referred to the committee.
A Member. They have not been referred.
Mr. EW1NG. I did not suppose that 1 should
be called upon to make any personal explanations
this morning. I was overtaken by this necessity
in unconscious innocence. The House seems to
have been abundantly satisfied, and even to be
satiated with them. But i may, perhaps, as well
begin my explanation in the usual form used this
morning; and will state, therefore, that X have
been a Clay Whig all my life; but I have never
been congratulated by an Abolitionist, [laughter;]
and that Henry Clay never did abandon me, as he
was unkind enough to do with the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Morgan;] but adhered to me
in all the vicissitudes of my changeful life.
In reference to this very grave matter, which
has been brought before this House—with all due
respect to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Stanton,] and with a conviction that his motives
were perfectly correct—I must say, I think he
erred in bringing it before the House at all; and I
think he further erred, if he will allow me to say
so, in laying it before the House, without giving
me some notice that he was going to do so, and ]
without exhibiting to me those documents so in- I
teresting to me. [Laughter.] I
Mr. STANTON. I will say to the gentleman ;
from Kentucky, that I did not do it solely upon 1
my own suggestion. It was first suggested in a
conversation with the Speaker of this House, and
I afterwards consulted some members of the Com-
mittee of Elections, and from the result of such
consultation I determined to do it.
Mr. EW1NG. I do not intend to find fault
with the course which has been pursued; but I
will only say, that it is my opinion, as I have a
right to say, interested as I am in it, being a
grave political controversy, which may perhaps
result in my political death, [laughter,] I will say
I think he erred.
Well, they say I have smuggled this matter out
of the way. I may, perhaps, be allowed to say,
that I did not think it proper to have it brought
before the House. It may be proper to state in a
few words the reasons which have influenced my
course upon this matter; and I do not suppose that
any gentleman upon this floor will think that I
have not acted upon good reasons.
An ex-member of the last Congress,an eminent
and worthy gentleman, asked me if I would pre-
sent a petition or memorial of the character re-
ferred to, from the city of New York, if signed
by respectable gentlemen in that city. I told him
I would not hesitate to do so, as the gentlemen who
i should sign it were constituents of the member
; whose seat was sought to be contested, and must
I seek some other organ of communication to the
| House. Upon that assurance the memorial was
sent, and it was referred to the Committee of Elec-
1 tions. I did not read it before it was so referred,
j The memorial was shown to the gentleman from
; New York most interested in it, and he told me
the character of each and every signer of that
paper; and he painted their character in by no
; means favorable colors.
i Subsequently, in confirmation of his representa-
tions, we received a most delectable document,
: somewhat similar in its character to those which
have entertained the House at my expense. I
< hold in my hand a letter from the same gentleman—
; for it seems to be m the same hand writing, and
written by one—but signed " more than one Insh-
\ man." It is an anonymous letter. Here is the
; letter, (holding it up before the House.) The
j characters seem to swell and grow larger, as the
| writer swelled in indignation; and by the time that
f he reached the close of the page, he makes such
characters as I have no doubt the Speaker can see
from his chair. He says, in such swelling char-
acters, " If lie has papers, let him show them"—in
characters large enough to make a sign for a
wholesale commission store. [Laughter.]
I, of course, could make no reply to that, and
I showed it to my friends. From these, in con-
nection with other facts, taking in view the fact
that it was couched in unusual terms, and asked
that a committee be sent to New York, and that
it was unaccompanied by any proof, we waited
some little time; the committee met; I was not
present; but they determined to ask the House to
discharge them from the further consideration of
the memorial. The chairman came to me and re-
quested that I should make the report of the com-
mittee. I did so, having originally presented the
memorial, concurring, as I did, in the conclusion
of the committee.
I afterwards received another document, even
more interesting than either of the others, abusing j
me and the committee m the most delectable or- |
thography, taking great liberties with our good j
names and characters, and still greater with the I
Queen's English. It seems to me that if anything •
is to be done in this matter, the first step ought to i
be taken by her Majesty the Queen of Great Brit- i
ain, I have been waiting for her to first avenge j
the outrage which has been committed upon her i
Majesty's language. When that insult has been j
settled or avenged, when their differences have i
been amicably adjusted, I may then feel myself j
called upon to hunt up Mr. John Griffin, and |
hold him responsible for charging me with lying, j
[Laughter.] He ought not to have done it. It is j
simply a question of veracity between him and ;
myself. He says 1 lied in my throat; I say I did
not. [Laughter.] I hope the matter wili be am-
icably adjusted. [Renewed laughter.] But he
takes greater liberty* even, with my friend from
New York than with myself. He calls him a ras-
k-i-1, [great laughter,] and of the superfine stamp.
A Member. Read it.
Mr. EWiNG. No, I will not read the letter.
His language is, that " Mike is a superfine ras-
kil." He signs himself, " A Hard Shell Demo-
crat. " Now, sir, I confess, to the charge the gen-
tleman—as my colleague upon the Committee of
Elections [Mr. Stanton] is pleased to call him—
a gentleman, I suppose, by way of a joke, [laugh-
ter]—-1 confess to the truth of the charge that I
did wish to " smuggle" the matter from the House;
or, rather, to be more accurate in the expression,
I did not think it worthy to occupy the attention
of even one member of the House. The whole
affair seems to be founded in malice, from the fact
that, in the first communication it is said that
they would not haye published this—that is, that
Mike was an Irishman—but for the fact that, in a
private correspondence, Mike had given them an
insult. He says he would " sometimes say,
'Never mind; it takes us (meaning us Irish) to
come the shy over the Yan-k-e-y Softs.'" [Laugh-
ter.]
It seems from this letter that if there were any
fraud, these people were confederates in the fraud;
and now they want to turn State's evidence, and
revenge themselves upon the honorable member
from New York on account of some fancied or real
insult. [Cries of "That's clear! That's clear."]
Of course, I had no other interest m the matter
except that I should very much regret to lose so
useful and industrious a member from this House.
He is, I believe, now present, as he almost always
is, as well as my friend from South Carolina, [Mr.
Keitt,] and myself. [Laughter.] I say the ser-
vices of so industrious a member could not well be
dispensed with; and I could, therefore, of course,
have no feeling in common with those gentlemen
who wish to pursue this prosecution. 1 have no
other explanation to make further, save that I wish
it borne in mind that I am a Whig of the Henry
Clay school, and that he did not forsake me when
the slavery question came up, as he did the gentle-
man from New York. With these remarks, sir,
I will not trouble the House further with an affair
so unimportant. I do not doubt that you will
concur with me in the propriety of pursuing the
course I did.
Mr. ORR. I agree with the honorable gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] that this matter
should never have been brought before the House.
But, upon subsequent inquiry, I learn that these
letters were never sent to the Committee of Elec-
tions at all. I regret exceedingly that I did not
adhere to my original purpose, and insist that
these papers should not be read. But I think the
House ought now to dispose summarily of the
matter. A motion has been made to discharge the
Committee of Elections from the further consid-
eration of the memorial. In order to close debate,
I will move to lay the memorial upon the table. The
motion of the gentleman from Virginia would ac-
complish the purpose, but we would have to go a
round-about way to accomplish it. It would require
a suspension of the rules; and there is a motion to
suspend the rules already pending; and as the
memorial was presented and referred under the
rule, there may be some doubt as to whether we
have the right to reconsider the reference. I
think, with the gentleman from Virginia, that it
should never have been received; but the best
way we can dispose of it now is to discharge the
committee from its further consideration, and lay
it upon the table.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. My friend from
South Carolina will allow me tosayaword. The
remarks which I made were predicatad on the
supposition that these letters had been referred
with the memorial. Otherwise I could not con-
ceive why they were brought here. My remarks,
I distinctly say, were predicated on the supposi-
tion that those matters had been referred. If they
had not been referred, then I adhere to my former
remark that they were introduced through inad-
vertency, but very improperly.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands that the letters were not referred, either
in the House or under the rule, and that the me-
morial was the only paper referred.
Mr. BAYLY. I have no further suggestion to
make.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope that there will be
unanimous consent, to exclude these letters from
the Congressional Globe. They have come im-
properly before the House, and i do not think that
they should be allowed a place there.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ken-
