736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24.
the lapses of human memory, and the confusion
of incidents to which those lapses give rise; and
it is from that circumstance that we are obliged to
guard against claims sustained by the testimony
of witnesses given under such influences, long
years after the occurrences have taken place.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
, On motion by Mr. SUMNER, an additional
member was added to the Committee on Enrolled
Bills; and Mr. N orris was appointed.
X'he Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 24, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. LiLLY, by unanimous consent, presented
the joint resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of New Jersey relative to the public domain;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LXGERSOLL. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present the proceedings of
two meetings of the citizens of New Haven, Con-
necticut, against the Nebraska bill.
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 object.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. SKELTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present the joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of New Jersey in
favor of cheap ocean postage.
Mr. HAMILTON, i object, and call for the
regular older of business.
Mr. FULLER. What istheregularorder? Is
it not the consideration of the motion"to reconsider
which I called up yesterday?
The SPEAKER. Some question might arise
whether or not, although a privileged question,
the motion to reconsider would take precedence of
private bills, this being a day set apart for the con-
sideration of private bills, to the exclusion of all
other business.
Mr. FULLER. If no gentleman wishes further
to debate the motion to reconsider, i intend to call
for a vote upon it, if it is in order to call it up now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the prac-
tice has been to give precedence to a motion to
reeonsider, even upon private bill days.
Mr EDGERTON. Does it not require a vote
of two thirds to take up any business to-day
except private bills?
The SPEAKER. This is a motion to recon-
sider, which, according to the rules, shall be put
at the request of any one member at any time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe this is
" objection day" on the Pnvate Calendar, and if
1 am not mistaken, no bills have been reported
and placed on the Calendar since last 4< objection
day."
The SPEAKER, There are several private
bills on the Speaker's table, if it is the disposition
of the House to go to pnvate business.
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 do not propose to go into
Committee of the Whole on the Pnvate Calendar.
Mr. JONES. 1 was going to suggest that if the
gentleman does not desire to go into Committee
on the Pnvate Calendar, the debate on the Indian
appropriation bill is to close to-day at two o'clock,
and if would therefore be as well to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
at once.
Mr. EDGERTON. I would suggest that the
business upon the Speaker's table can be disposed
of in a very few minutes.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. When that is dis-
posed of, I will make the motion I have indicated.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Fuller] insists upon his motion to recon-
sider, as the Chair understands.
Mr. FULLER. I do insist upon my motion.
The SPEAKER. The bill from the Senate,
entitled "An act to extend the warehousing sys-
tem by establishing private bonded warehouses,
and for other purposes," was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. A
motion is now made by the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Fuller] to reconsider the vote by which it
was so referred.
Mr. FULLER. That my motion; and if the
motion to reconsider is carried, I intend to ask,
first, a vote of the House upon the amendments,
and then upon the passage of the bill.
Tne SPEAKER. The question now is upon
reconsidering the motion by which the bill was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was then taken, and the motion
to reconsider was agreed tp.
The amendments were then read, severally con-
sidered, and agreed to, as follows:
In line 37 to strike out the word "joint," and insert the
words " separate and distinct."
On page 6 to insert the following:
Sfc. 6. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury shall prescribe the form of the bond to be
given lor the transportation of goods, ware*, and merchan-
dise, from a port in one collection diftrict to a port in
another collection district in the United States, as provided
m the preceding section ; also, the time for such delivery;
and for a failure totranspoit and deliver, within the time
humeri, any Mich bonded goods', wares, and incichandi&c,
to (lie collector at the designated port, an additional duty
of oik' hundred per cent, shall he, levied and collected,
which additional duty *hali be secured by such bond, or
said good*, wares, and merchandise may he seized and
forfeited lor such lailurc, and any steam or other vessel, or
vehicle, tran^poitnii,' buch bonded goods, waies, and inei-
cliandise, the master, owner, or conductor of winch shall
fail to deliver the same to the collector at the designated
poit, shall be liable to seizure and forfeiture.
In line 5, page 7, strikeout ihe word " hereafter."
In lines 8 and 9 of the same page insert the words "after
the 1-t day of July, 1H55."
in lines 6 and 7, on page 8, insert the words « or private."
In lines 9 and 10, on the same page, insert the words " or
while in transportation under bond trom the port of entry
to any other port m the United States."
The SPEAKER. The question is now upon
ordering the bill to a third reading.
The question was taken;and it was decided in
the affirmative.
The bill was then, according to order, read the
third time.
Mr. FULLER. I now move that the bill be
put upon its passage.
The question wus taken and agreed to; and the
bill was passed.
Mr. FULLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table; which latter motion
was agreed to. J
EXTENSION OF A PATENT. ▼
Senate bill No. 151, entitled "An act for the relief
of George G. Bishop, and the legal represent-
atives of John Arnold, deceased," was taken from
the Speaker's table, and read a first and second
time by its title.
The SPEAKER. Ef no other disposition be
ordered of this bill, it will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
Mr. HILL. I move that the bill be now put
upon its passage.
The bill was then read from the Clerk's desk in
extenso. It provides for the renewal, revival, and
extension for fourteen years of a patent for the
construction of cloth without spinning or weav-
ing.
Mr. HILL. It is unnecessary, Mr. Speaker,
to refer this bill to the Committee on Patents, in-
asmuch as I believe that that committee has already,
at an early part of the session, had under consid-
eration the petition of the persons whom this bill
proposes to relieve, and reported favorably upon
it. They reported a bill similar in its provisions,
or rather identically the same, as the bill now
on the table. That bill, so reported from the Com-
mittee on Patents, is on the Private Calendar, and
has already been under consideration. I presume
that if the House will pass a bill for the extension
of the patent in question it will do so this morn-
ing.
I repeat, Mr. Speaker, it is unnecessary to re-
fer this subject to the Committee on Patents, who
have already had it under consideration, and made
a favorable report upon it. I will repeat what 1
before said, for the information of the House, that
this bill is in relation to the extension of a patent
for the construction of cloth without spinning or
weaving. It is an important subject for the Ameri-
can community, and the Committee on Patents
believed that the extension sought should be
granted. 1 would say, also, for the information
of the House, that this bill is similar in its char-
acter, and 1 believe is, word for word, the same,
to that heietofore reported by one or other House
of Congress. The matter has been frequently be-
fore different committees of both Houses of Con-
gress, and it has invariably met with the favorable
action of such committees—never with their unfa-
vorable action. It has passed the Senate, now the
second time, I believe, and was lost among the
orders of the day here. It has passed this House,
also, twice, and was lost in the unfinished business
of the Senate.
I therefore move that the bill be put upon its
third reading; and upon that motion I move the
previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Hill] will not press
the matter to a vote under the previous question,
without giving anybody an opportunity to say a
word about it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would ask the Chair
what the question is?
The SPEAKER. It is upon the demand of
the gentleman from Kentucky for the previous
question upon a bill of the Senate, extending a
patent to a certain company in New York, for
making cloth without weaving, &c.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I know* the object of the
bill, but I wish to know the names of the par-
ties.
The SPEAKER. The bill is for the relief of
George G. Bishop, and the legal representatives
of John Arno'd, deceased.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I now understand it. That
bill is wrong in its principle, and ought not to be
sustained by this House. I can show to the House,
and may do so, if necessary, at the proper time, *
that it ought not to receive their support. There
is no good excuse for asking the extension of the
patent, which the bill proposes.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been demanded, and discussion is not in order
until that call is withdrawn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Kentucky a question, and I hope
he will withdraw his demand.
Mr. HILL. I withdraw it.
Mr. JONES. If I understand this bill, it pro-
poses to extend a patent which was originally
granted for fourteen years, and winch has since
been extended, under the laws of Congress, for
seven years longer.
Mr. HILL. That is the history of the case.
Mr. JONES. That makes twenty-one years
for which, under the general laws, the patentees
in this case have had the benefits of the patent.
For one, I doubt the propriety, if not the con-
stitutionality of Congress, passing a special act
for the benefit of a particular case. The Consti-
tution provides that Congress shall have power
" to promote the progress of science and useful
arts, by securing, for limited times, to authors
and inventors the exclusive right to their respect-
ive writings and discoveries."
That vests in Congress, cleaily and evident1}',
the power to prescribe, by general laws, how the
benefits shall be secured to authors and inventors
of their productions, and not to give Congress the
power, in every isolated case, to go through the
forms and expenses of legislating for an individual.
Sir, if general laws do not now give to authois
and inventors a sufficient length of time to secure
the benefit of their productions, in the name of
common sense, let us change the general law, and
authorize the Commissioner of Patents to extend
the patent, when, in his opinion and judgment,
the circumstances should require and justify that
course; and thereby take this whole subject of the
extension of patents fiom before the Congress of
the United States. I think that is the proper
course to be pursued, and then we shall by legis-
lating—not for particular cases, or in conferring
special favors—by general laws, without any spe-
cial case in view to be benefited by it, and thus give
all a fair opportunity of securing equal benefits
from their labors.
I think this bill should go to the Committee of
the Whole House. It is a private bill, and 1 make
the motion so to refer it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not wish to occupy
the attention of the House more than a moment at
this time. I will content myself by simply saying
that I have looked with some care into the merits
of this case. It is the mostplausible, in my opin-
ion, of all the patent cases upon our docket; and
yet I do not think it ought to receive the favorable
consideration of the House. When the House
