1446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
tucky uses them as part of his speech; and Vie has
the power to suppress them, if he chooses.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. The House
will recollect that I did not desire the reading of
more than a single paragraph of the letters—no
more than four or five lines—and that portion
going to censure the Committee of Eiections. 1
shall not publish the letters, as a matter of course,
in my printed remarks.
Mr, HOUSTON. Then no motion is neces-
sary.
The question was taken; and the committee was
discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial.
Mr. ORR. I move to lay the memorial upon
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
TIME OF MEETING OF CONGRESS.
• The SPEAKER. The pending question is on
a motion made by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Hillykr,] that the rules be suspended in
order that he may introduce a bill to change the
time for the meeting of Congress.
Mr. HILLYER. The bill is short, and I would
ask its reading.
The bill was read, ltprovidesthathereafterthe
day appointed by law for the meeting of Congress
shall be the first Monday in November of each
year, instead of the first Monday in December.
Mr. HILLYER. I demand tellers on the mo-
tion for suspension of the rules.
Mr. BRIDGES called for the yeas and nays,
but subsequently withdrew the call.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I renew the de-
mand for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and there were—yeas
]].), nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
App'cton, Ashe, David ■i- Bailey, Thomas II. Bayly, Ball,
Banks, fiolclier, Rell, Benson, Benton, Bliss, liocock,
Boyce, Blocks,Campbell, 0,u pentei, {'unithers, Chamber,
Jam, Chandler, Ohnsman, tMing<nan, CoUjuut, Corwin,
Crocker, John O. Davis, |)n\VM>n, l)e, Witt, Hick,
Disney, I'diiiaiids, Evorhart, Fnilev, I'aulkm-r, Kenton,
Flagler, Fuller, Condiieh, lin en, Gieemvood,
Glow, Aaron Mai I.in, A ndi cvv J • I l.ti l,u>, Sampson W 11 ar-
ris, Ilarnson, HaMings, Haven, Hendricks, IJenji, Millyer,
Howe, Rushes, hi«erfoll. Johnson, Kent, Kerr, KnhvHI,
Knox. Lamb, fiatfiam, Lnuiley, fiimt-hv. M< Culloeh,
M.uiwtuMi, May, Mid<Iles\v oth, John <* Miller, Smith
Miller, Mills-mi, Morgan, Nnliols. Nonon, Olds, Mor-
deeiti Oiivei, (>ri, Parker, I'ouniiiglon, Bishop IVtkmf,
i'resnm, Pnn«le, Puryeai, Uee^o, Kiddle, David Ritchie,
Thomas KiU-hey, Ru^cH, Salmi, Seward, Shannon,
Shower, Samuel A Smith, William Smith, Frederick P.
Stanton, Kiehurd II. Stanton, Alexander 11. Stephens,
Stiaub, John J- Taylor, Nathaniel (J. Taylor, Thuintou,
Tracy, Trout, Tweed, Upham, Yansunt, Wade, Walkei,
Wnlley, Klfilni B. Wa-hi'tuiie, F-rael \Va--hbui u, John
WeiHwnrtb, and ZolheofiVr — 1 i,r>.
NAVS-AIc-srs. Barksdale, Bariy, Bridges, Caskie,
Cliuichvvellj (.'lurk, Uobl), Co\, ('ullom, Diekinson, Dow-
dell, Dunham, Eastman, Eddv, Kdmund^m, Thom.^ I).
FJiot, Kllw n, Kthendg'*, Ftoreneo, (loode, Hamilton,
Wiley IIartis^. Hill, Houston, Hunt, Dame! T. Jones,
George W. Jones;, J. (-ilancv Jones, Itoland Jones, Kurt/.,
Ijftteller, Lilly, McMullin, Murray, Noble, Andrew Oliver,
Packer, Peek, Pecklnun. Phelps, Powell, Beady, Robhuis,
liuflin, Sapp,' Shaw, Singleton, Skelton, Genu Smith,
Gcotye W. Smyth, Hector b. Stevens, David Smart, John
it-Taylor, Vail, Wheeler, Witte, and Daniel B. Wright—
58.
So, two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
MODIFICATION OV THE TARIFF,
Mr. HAVEN. I want the ear of the chairman
of the Committee of W.iyy and Means, while I
have that of the Speaker. I ask for the unani- 1
mous consent of the House to enable the chairman J
of the Committee of Ways and Means to report
a bill reducing the revenue and adjusting the ,
tariff". I
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. I object. \
Mr. HAVEN. I move to suspend the rules [
for the purpose indicated. ,
Mr, ROBBINS. As member of the Com- j
mitiee of Ways and Means, I desire to submit a ;
minority report. If one report be submitted, so j
ought the other. Will the gentleman include in {
his motion the minority as well as the nmionty i
report? " * ,
The SPEAKER. The minority report would 1
come in more regularly after the majority report
had been submitted. j
Mr. HOUSTON. I presume the gentleman
from New York will not object to the suggestion
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 accept the modification.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ritchie] will withdraw
his objection. The bills are merely asked to be
received for reference, and that they may be
printed.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I demand the yeas and
navs.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers and yeas and nays were both refused.
The question was then put, and (two thirds
voting in the affirmative) the rules were suspended.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported the following bill; which
was then read a first and second time by its title,
as follows:
A bill reducing the rates of duty on imports,
and for other purposes.
Mr. ROBBINS. I wish to state that I have
accompanied the substitute drawn up by aminority
of the committee with a report, which 1 desire to
have printed with the bill.
The bill and substitute were then referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and, together with the report presented by the
minority of the committee, ordered to be printed.
TIME OF MEETING OF CONGRESS-
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
the Clerk that there was a mistake upon the
former vote upon the motion made by the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Hillykr] to suspend the
rules. The vote being 115 to 57; and that being
two thirds, the rules are suspended.
The bill was then read a first and second time
by us title, as follows:
A bill to change the day for the annual assem-
bling of Congress.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
now will he upon ordering the bill to be engrossed
and read the thnd time.
Mr. HILLYER. I do not intend to make a
speech to the House in suppoit of the bill 1 have
introduced; and I only desire to say just one word
in reply to the remarks made hy the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Jonks,] the other day, in
relation to the proposition that Congress .should
meet prior to the first Monday of December. The
position taken on that occasion by that gentleman
was, that Congress, upon assembling on the first
Monday of December, would do nothing until after
Christmas; and if Congress assembled at an earlier
day than the first Monday of December, that still
no business would be done until after the Christ-
mas holidays were passed. I merely wish to say,
by way of reply to the position taken by that
gentleman, that the very object I had in view in
introducing this bill was to avoid the force of
the gentleman's objection. I know it has been
the general practice of Con^resw to do but little
business before Christmas, for the obvious reason
that the first week of the session, and even more
than that, is consumed by the members in draw-
ing their seats, m the organization of the House,
the appointment of committees, in providing
themselves with rooms, and in making arrange-
ments to remain here during the winter.
After these necessary preliminary arrangements
are completed, we are come to the middle of De-
cember, and are approaching the Christmas holi-
days; and generally but little business has been
transacted before the expiration of that time.
My object, then, is, that the House should meet
earlier, at least abotit the first Monday in Novem-
ber, thereby adding another month to the short
session, so that members could make the necessary
arrangements, <fcc., and then proceed to the busi-
ness of the session in good earnest—thus giving
us time to act upon the vast amount of the busi-
ness of the long session that may remain undis-
posed of. And also to act more judiciously and
properly upon the questionsappropriately arising
for our consideration during the short session. K
is within the experience of every man that has
any experience on this subject, that three months
is too short a time to be allotted to the short ses-
sion of Congress. It ought to beextended at least
one month.
i shall not pursue the discussion of the subject
any further, but yield the llooi for the purpose of
i enabling the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Peckham] to make a motion to amend.
Mv PECKHAM. I move to omend the bill
by striking out " the first Monday in November,"
and insert in lieu thereof " the first Monday in
October^" and upon that 1 move the previous?
question.
Mr. HAMILTON. Will the gentleman from
New York withdraw his call for the previous
question, and allow me to say one word?
Mr. PECKHAM. Certainly; I withdraw the
call for the previons question.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 would statetothe House,
that unless they fix the day of meeting on the
second Monday in November, the State of Mary-
land cannot be represented m this House at the
commencement of the next Congress. By the
constitution of Maryland, the day of the general
election for that State is fixe'd on the first Wednes-
day in November. We must therefore either have
a special election for members of Congress, or we
must at times be unrepresented in the organiza-
tion of this House, or we must elect a year in ad-
vance; ail and either of which will be wrong and
injurious in operating upon us.
I think it wrong, and I think that the people of
Maryland will consider it wrong to resort 40 the
latter alternative, believing that Representatives
should be elected as soon before the convening of
Congress as they well can; because then will
they more likely reflect the sentiments of their
constituents, and then they are more immediately
responsible to public sentiment.
Mr. GOODE. What is the time of the assem-
bling of Congress provided for in the original bill ?
And what would be the effect of the previous ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill as it
now stands, as introduced by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Hillyer,] provides that the future
meetings of Congress shall take place on the first
Monday in November. The gentleman fiom
New York proposes to strike out the words " first
Monday in November,"and insert in lieu thereof
the words " the first Monday in October." If
the previous question be demanded and sustained,
it will bring the House first to vote on the amend-
ment of the gentleman fiom New York, and then
on the engrossment of the bill, and ordering it to
a third reading.
Mr. GOODE. I desire to say that the ori^inai
bill proposes to lengthen each session of Congiess
one month, so as to add sixty days to the legisla-
tion of the country, and sixty days additional
expense to the country. It proposes thirty days
addition to each session, which will be sixty days
for the two years.
The amendment proposes to double this addi-
tional time, by adding sixty days to each session.
Let the country understand that fact. The object
is, or, at least, the result will be, to prolong the
sessions of Congress. The tendency is—and the
fact has been dec'ared frequently by distinguished
statesmen—to make our sessions of Congress per-
petual. Sir, the evil of this age is excess of legis-
lation, and we are providing, by this bill, to add to
that evil. These remarks are designed simply to
justify my vote in opposition to this bill, and 1 de-
sired to have my grounds of opposition recorded.
Mr. BARliSDALE. By the provision of the
constitution of the State of Mississippi, our State
elections are required to be held on the first Mon-
day and day following in November. The act of
the Legislature passed in 1833, providing for the
election of members of Congress, conforms to this
provision in our constitution; and since that pe-
riod our State and congressional elections have
been held at the same time—on the first Monday
and day following m November. The Legisla-
ture of the State convened on the first Monday in
January last, and adjourned in March; and will
not meet again until January, 1856.
The constitution also contains the following
provision:
" Whenever two thirds of each branch of the Lorrisla-
tine shall deem any change, alteration, or amendment ne-
cessary to this constitution,'Mich proposed chance, altera-
tion, or amendment shall be read and passed by a majority
ot two thuds of each House, respectively, on each (Jay tor
three successive days ; public notice thereof shall then he
given by the Secretary of State at lean six month* preced-
ing the next general flection, at which the qualified elect-
ors shall vote directly for or against such change, alteration,
or amendment; and if it shail appear that a majority ot the
qualified electors voting ior members of the Legislature
MiaU have voted for the proposed chance, alteration, or
amendment, then it t-Iiail he inseited, hy tin; next succeed-
ing Legislatuie, as a part ot this constitution, and not other-
wise.5'
The House will see at once that the period for
