THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, AUGUST 7, 1854.
Hew Series No. 145.
From Cleveland, by Olmstead, Elyria, Plato,
Brownhelm, Vermillion, and Huron, to San-
dusky.
From Cleveland, by Ohio City, East Rockport,
Rockport, Dover, North Ridgeville, Elyria, Am-
herst, Henrietta, Birmingham, Florence, Berlm-
ville, Milan, Norwalk, Monroeville, Four Cor-
ners, Lyme, Bellevue, Clyde, Fremont, Black
Swamp, Woodville, Stony Ridge, Perrysburg,
and Maumee City, to Toledo.
From Cleveland, by Warrensville, Barry,
Chagrin Falls, Bissell's, Bridge Creek, Auburn,
Welshfield, Parma, Nelson, Garrettsville, Wind-
ham, Braceville, Willow Dale, to Warren.
From Cleveland, by Euclid, Mayfield, Ches-
ter X Roads, Fowler's Mills, Munson, Claridon,
Huntsburg, Windsor, Orwell, Pheps, Linden-
ville, Williamsfield, South Shenango, Pennsyl-
vania, Hart's X Roads, to Meadville, Pennsyl-
vania.
From Cleveland, by Newburgh, Bedford Mace-
donia Depot, Twinsburgh, Hudson, Earlville,
Franklin Mills, Ravenna, Rootstown, Atwater,
LimaviUe, Marlboro', Alliance, Mount Union,
Sandy, Bayard, Hanoverton, Ing;raham, Sum-
mitville, Sahnesville, Hammondsville, and Mouth
of Yellow Creek, to Wellsvdle.
From Clinton,' by Chippewa, New Prospect,
and Old Hickory, to Canaan.
From Columbus, by Groveport, Lithopolis,
and Green Castle, to Lancaster.
From Columbus, by Worthington, Lewis Cen-
tre, Constantia, Alum Creek, Delaware, Leon-
srdsburg, Ashley, Westfield, Cardington, Mount
Gilead, Iberia, Gallon, Livingston, Shelby,
Greenwich Station, Greenwich, New London,
Rochester Depot, North Rochester, Wellington,
La Grange, Grafton, Rawsonville, Copopa, Co-
lumbia Station, Olmstead, Berea, and Rockport,
to Cleveland.
From Columbus, by Park's Mills, Blendon,
Central College, Maxwell, Galena, Sunbury,
Centreburg, and Mount Liberty, to Mount Ver-
non.
From Columbus, by Hilliard's, Darby Creek,
Unionville Centre, Milford Centre, Woodstock,
and Brinton, to Urbana.
From Columbus, by Gohanna, Hope, Johns-
town, Utica, and Martinsburg, to Bladensburg.
From Columbus, by Clintonville, Worthing-
ton, Williamsville, Stratford, Delaware, Norton,
Waldo, Marion, Grand Prairie, Little Sandusky,
Upper Sandusky, Synochtee, McCutchinville,
Tiffin, and Fort Seneca, to Fremont.
From Coiumbus, by Shadeville, South Broom-
field, Circleville, Chillicothe, Waller, Waverly,
Piketon,and Lucasville, to Portsmouth.
From Columbus, by West Jefferson, London,
South Charleston, Selma, and Cedarville, to
Xenia.
From Columbus, by Harrisburg, Palestine,
Mount Sterling, and Bloomingburg, to Washing-
ton C. H.
From Columbus, by Grove City, Georgeville,
Harrisburg, Palestine, Mount Sterling, Duff's
Fork, Pancoastburgh, and Bloomingburg, to
Washington C. H.
From Crestline, by Bueyrus, Upper Sandusky,
Forrest, Dunkirk, Johnstown, and Lima, to Del-
phos.
From Constitution, by Belpre, Decaturville, to
Federalton.
From Corwin, by Clayton, to Union.
From Coolville, by Carthage, Lodi, and Alex-
ander, to Albany.
From Cumberland, by Freeland's Chandiers-
ville, and Richardsville, to Zanesville.
From Cumberland, by Nobleville, Sarahsvilie,
and Whigville, to Summerfield. J
From Coshocton, by Munnsville, Chili, New >
Bedford, Buena Vista, Shanesviile, and Dunee, to ,
DearduiT's Mills.
From Coshocton, by Roscoe, Warsaw, Wal-
honding, Millwood, and Monroe's Mills, to Mount
Vernon.
From Coshocton, by Canal, Lewisville, and
Bakeraville, to Canal Dover.
145
From Coshocton, by Rural Vale and Mohawk
Valley, to New Castle.
From Coolville, by Lottridge, Hulls, Garden,
Shade, and Pleasanton, to Lee.
From Dayton, by Dodson, Gordon, Green-
ville, Mount Heron, Hill Grove, Union City, Indi-
ana, Harrisville, Winchester, Parker, Farmland,
Selma, Smithfield, Muncietown, Yorktown, Ches-
terfield, Anderson, Pendleton, Woodbury, Fall
Creek, Alfont, Germantown, and Lawrence, to
Indianapolis.
From Dayton, by Henby and Bellbrook, to
Spring Valley.
From Dayton, by West Charleston, Chambers-
burg, Vandalia, Hyattsville, Troy, and Piqua,to
Sidney.
From Dayton, by Hyattsville and Troy, to
Piqua.
From Dayton, by Little York, Union, West
Milton, and Pleasant Hill, to Covington.
From Deaverton, by Portersville and Chapel
Hill, to Trimble.
From Deerfield Village, by Hopkinsville, Dal-
lasburgh, Brown's Stone, Goshen, Belfast, and
Owensville, to Batavia.
From Darlington, by Enon Valley, Peters-
burg, New Middleton, Poland, Boardman, Can-
field, Ellsworth, Frederick, Palmyra, Edmburg,
and Campellsport to Ravenna.
From Deersville, by Stillwater and Rush, to
Gnadenhutten.
From Defiance, by Washington Centre, Farm-
er, Milford Centre, to Newville, Indiana.
From Defiance, by Brunersburg, Snooksville,
Cranesville, and Hicksville, to Panama.
From Defiance, by Ayersville, New Bavaria,
Ridgeland, Medary, Sugar Ridge, and Macomb,
to Finley.
From Delaware, by Patterson, Richwood,
Wilkins, York, and Raymond's, to East Liberty.
From Delaware, by Kilbourne, Nimmon's
Cross Roads, and Bloomfield, to Mount Liberty.
From Delaware, by Radnor, to Prospect.
From Delphos, by Fort Jennings, to Kalida.
From Dinsmore, by Fryburgh, to St. John.
From Dover, by Coe Ridge, Olmstead, and Co-
popa, to Strongville.
From Defiance, by Brunersburga d Evansport,
to Bryan.
From Dover, by North Dover, Avon, and Shef-
field, to Black River.
From Dresden, by Wakatomica, West Carlisle,
New Guilford, and New Castle, to Walhondmg.
From Dunganon to Hanoverton.
From Eagle, Hancock county, to Lima.
From Eagle, by Arlington, Clement, Finley,
Van Buren,Woodbury, Portage, Bowling Green,
and Lovett's Grove, to Perrysburg.
From Eaton, by SugarValley, to West Florence.
From East Westville, by Pottersville, to Ma-
honing.
From Ellsworth, by Berlin Centre, North Ben-
ton, Deerfield, Atwater, Randolph, Suffield, and
Mogadore, to Middlebury.
From Elyria, by Laporte, Rawsonville, Graf-
ton, Litchfield, Chatham, Lodi, Burbank, and
Golden Corners, to Wooster.
From Elyria, by Carlisle, to Oberlin.
From Elyria, by Plato, to Black River.
From Elyria, by Laporte, Grafton Station,
Grafton, Litchfield, Chatham Centre, Lodi, Bur-
bank, and Golden Corners, to Wooster.
From Erie, Pennsylvania, by West Mill Creek,
Swan Centre, Fairview, Girard, Springfield Cross
Roads, West Springfield, Conneaut, Ohio, Am-
boy, Kingsville, Ashtabula, Saybrook, Geneva,
Unionville, Madison, Perry, Painesville, Mentor,
Willoughby, Wickliffe, to Cleveland.
From Euclid, by Collamer and East Cleveland,
to Cleveland.
From Fairview, by Sewellsville, Smyrna, Free-
port, Cadwallader, Tippecanoe, and Rush, to
Tuscarawas.
From Finley, by Cannonsburg, Croghan,
Beaver Dam, and Blue Lick, to Lima.
From Finley, by Oak Ridge, Gilboa, and Buck-
eye, to Kalida.
From Finley, by Gilboa and Medary, to Defi-
ance.
From Finley, by Big Lick and Stoner, to New-
Haven.
From Finley, by Benton Ridge, Pendleton,and
Pleasant, to Vaughnsville.
From Franklin Mills, by Streetsboro', Aurora,
Bissell's, Russell, Chester Cross Roads, South
Kirkland, and Kirkland, to Mentor.
From Fremont, by Bettsville, Fitz Henry, Sto-
ner, Risdon, Cass,and Van Buren, to Finley.
From Fremont, by Riley Centre, West Town-
send, Castalia, and Venice, to Sandusky.
From Fremont, by Greensburg Cross Roads
and Rollersville, to Montgomery Cross Roads.
From Fremont to Poit Clinton.
From Fryburg to Louisville, on the Ohio and
Pennsylvania railroad.
From Gabon, by Caledonia, Marion, Larue,
Hale, Rushylvania, Bellefontaine, De Graff, Q.uin-
cy, Pemberton, Bouston, Spear's Landing, Har-
din, Cowan's Station, and Sidney, to Union CityA
Louisiana.
From Galion, by Corsica, McEwen's Cross
Roads, to Lexington.
From Galion, by Leesville Cross Roads, Lib-
erty Corner, and De Kalb, to Tiro.
From Gallipolis, by Racoon Island, South
New Castle, Hereford, Swan Creek, Green Bot-
tom, Miller's, ITaskellville, and Q.uaker Bottom,
to Guyandntte, Virginia.
From Gallipolis, by Wilksville, and McKins-
ter's, to Lee.
From Gallipolir, by Addison, Cheshire, Silver
Run, Salisbury, Pomeroy, Chester, Alfred, and
Tupper's Plains, to Coolville.
From Gallipolis, by Shivener, Smith's, Bay' 
Bottom, and Miller's, to Haskellville.
From Gallipolis, by Pine Grove, Vinton, and
Ewington, to Wilkesville.
From Gambier, by Millwood, Danville, Non-
pareil, Humphrey's Villa, and Killbuck, to Mil-
i err. burg.
From Germantown, by Farmersville and En-
terprise, to West Alexandria.
From Geneva, by Austinburg, Jefferson, Den-
mark, West Pierpont, Pierpont, Penn Line, Penn-
sylvania, and Line Mills, to Harmonsburg.
From Geneva, by Harpersfield, Cork, Turn-
bull, Hartsgrove, Windsor, Mesopotamia, Bun-
dysburg, and Farmington, to Parknian.
From Georgetown, by White Oak Valley, New
Hope, Sicily, Sardinia, Mowrystown, and New
Corwin, to New Market.
From Georgetown, by New Hope, Mount
Orab, Puebla, and Five Mile, to Fayetteville.
From Georgetown to Ripley.
From Gettysburg, by Webster, to Jacksonville
From Granville to Fredonia.
From Granville, by Alexandria, Johnstown,
Reynolds, Vann's Valley, Sunbury, Berkshire,
and Alum Creek, to Delaware.
From Gratis, by Enterprise, to West Alexan-
dria.
! From Greenville, Pennsylvania, by Kinsman,
, Williamsfield, Andover, Richmond, Denmark,
■ Pierpont, and Monroe Village, to Kingsville,
| ^From Greenville, by Abbottsville, Sampson,
j and ithaca, to Castine.
: From Greenville, by Woodington, Mississma-
i wa, Seven-mile Prairie, Fort Recovery, Macedon,
J Cold Water, Montezuma, Cehna, Boetia, Mercer,
| Mendon, and Auglaize, to Van Wert.
From Greenville, by Abbottsville, Arcanum,
I Pittsburg, Ludlow, Centre, and Clayton, to Day-
! '°From Greenfield, by Good Hope, to Washing-
i ton.
From Guilford, by Leroy, to Lodi.
From Hagerstown, by El Dorado, to Eaton.
From Hamilton, by Mitlville and Bunkerhill,
to Reily.
From Hammondsville, by Cope a Mills, Grox-
ton, Wattsville, Scroggslield, Carrollton, Leavitt,
I Rose, New Cumberland, and Tabor, to New
! Philadelphia.
