1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1447
holding our State election is fixed by the consti-
tution, and cannot be altered unless in the manner
prescribed, by it, according to the above clause.
The bill under consideration provides that Con-
gress shall meet on the first Monday of Novem-
ber, the very day of our election. The Legisla-
ture may alter the time of electing our members of
Congress without any change of our State con-
stitution; but the Legislature will not meet again
until January, l#56,two months after the meeting
of Congress, according to the time specified in the
bill.
The Governor would be compelled then to call
an extrasession of the Legislature, at considerable
expense to the State, to provide for the election of
members of Congress, or the State of Mississippi
would be disfranchised by this bill for an entire
month, because it would require at least that length
of time for the members to reach the capital after
the election. It would also require us to separate
our State and congressional elections, until our
constitution could be altered so as to unite them
agaigi
The act of our Legislature, prescribing the time
for electing members of Congress, was passed
in conformity to the Constitution of the United
States, fixing the time of the meeting of Congress
on the first Monday of December; and 1 contend,
sir, it would be palpably unjust and oppressive
now to change it, without giving all the States due
notice of your intention to do so. Sir, 1 do not
believe that this law should be imposed on any
State in this Union, when its effect will be to dis-
franchise that State from any portion of the ses-
sion of Congress. During the period when the
Representatives from Mississippi could not be
here, questions deeply affecting her rights and in-
teiests may be before this body, and she would
have no voice m their decision. 1 am opposed to
the passage of this bill. It was introduced to-
day, and is being hurried through the House,
without any time whatever for rejection or delib-
eration upon it.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I do not ripe
■either to advocate or oppose the passage of this
bill, but I do mean to say a word or two in reply
to the argument of my friend from Maryland, [Mr.
Hamilton7,] and others, in respect to the effect of
the State constitutions upon the mode and time
of electing members of Congress.
Mr. H AMILTON". I ask the gentleman from
Virginia to allow me to explain in reference to
the piovisions of the constitution in the State of
Maryland. It says nothing about the election of
members of Congress. That is left for the Le-
gislature to provide for. But a law has been passed
specifying the time of the election; and unless this
bill is altered, there will have to be a special elec-
tion called before the commencement of the next
Congress.
Mr. BAYLY. What I was proceeding to say
was, that so far as the State constitutions which
contain provisions in reference to the mode arid
time of holding elections for members of Con-
gress arc concerned, paradoxical as the remark
may appear, these constitutions are unconstitu-
tional; for the Constitution of the United States,
which is the supreme law of the land, any con-
stitution or law of any State to the contrary not-
withstanding, provides that "the times, places, and
manner of holding elections for Senators and Rep-
resentatives shall be prescribed in each State by
the Legislature thereof;" and not by their consti-
tutional conventions, or by any provisions of fun-
damental taw. It goes on to say: "Bat the Con-
gress may, at any time by law, make or alter such
regulations, except as to the places of choosing
Senators."
Only the first part is applicable. The whole
authority in fixing the time and place of the elec-
tion for members of Congress js committed by
the Constitution of the United States to theLegis-
latures of the States, and not to their conventions.
Well, as to the present Congress, its members
are already elected; and the Legislatures of the
States have nothing to do with the time for the
meeting of Congress, nothing whatever. Their
next election will take place at a period subsequent
to the expiration of this Congress; and the Legis-
latures in the meantime will have ample opportu-
nity to change their laws; not their constitutions,
because their constitutions on this point, as I have
already said, are unconstitutional.
Mr. HAMILTON. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will make one remark. The constitu-
tion of Maryland fixes the first Wednesday in
November as the time of our general State election.
The same time is fixed by the Legislature for the
election of members of Congress; and thus the
gentleman will perceive that we must have a special
election, or want Representatives here for a short,
time.
Mr. BAYLY. I commenced what I had to
say by stating that I did not rise to support this
bill. The case which the gentleman from Mary-
land states is one of the strongest I have heard. I
do think, and have always thought, that the elec-
tions for members of Congress ought to be sep-
arated from all the State elections, whether they
be for Governor, sheriff, constable, or anything
else; because it breaks up all chance of combina-
tions of parties. They ought to be elected by
themselves. I have always thought that that
would be the best mode of legislation.
What the gentleman has stated would be good
argument, so far as his State was concerned, for
changing the law; but 1 am not arguing in favor
of this lav/. If that thing could be done which
General Jackson thought could not be done, and in
respect to which 1 believe that he was right,
though I am sorry such is the law; if by law we
could limit in advance tiie first session of Congress
and prolong the second, so as to equalize the two
sessions, I think that it would be one of the wisest
things that we could do. But I agree with Gen-
eral Jackson, that you have not the power by law j!
in advance to limit the fhst session of Congress.
And the question before the Ameiican Congress
is, whether we cannotapproach equalization of the
sessions of Congress under the pressure of hot
weather in summer, with the prospect of a five-
months session ahead ?
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I am opposed to
' the bill introduced by the gentleman Irom Georgia,
I because its provisions conflict with the tune fixed
I for the elections in my State. Our elections come
off the first Monday of November. That time
was fixed because experience m thar. State has
shown that elections cannot be held there befoie
that time, so as to secure a full expression of the
public sentiment. Formerly we had our elections
in Louisiana during the dog-days, and the conse-
quence was that, owing to the sickness which
prevails in that State, and upon our streams in
the southwest, a very large pioportion of gentle-
men who were away could not get back to attend
the elections. It is well known, I presume, to a
very large number of gentlemen here, that the
yellow fever prevailed there last year very early
m the spring, and quite late in the fall—so late
that it is known to some of my friends here that
I was detained at home twenty days after the ses-
sion commenced, because of the sickness of iny 1
wife, who was prostrated by the yellow fever, i
The elections m Louisiana have been fixed in !
November, as the earliest period in the season at i
which citizens would return to their homes to j
deposit then* votes. I say it would be doing :
injustice to the State of Louisiana to fix the time j
for the commencement of the sessions of Congress |
at an earlier day, and thus force her to hold her
elections for members of Congress twehe months
in advance, i believe that no elections for mem-
bers of Congress take place m December m any
part of the United States. In neaily all tne
months preceding December, elections for mem- '
hers of Congress take place in some of the States I
of the Union, i appeal to gentlemen to give us a '
chance in Louisiana, in Mississippi, in Maryland, j
and elsewhere where elections are held m Novem- !
ber, so that we may go home, and defend our-1
selves, if necessary, and not compel elections to J
be held twelve months before the term of service
commences.
Mr. McMULLIN. My colleague [Mr. Bayly]
has satisfied this House that it is perfectly com- j
petent for every State in the Union to fix the time i
of its elections by law. i would remind the House, !
and my worthy friend from Mississippi, [Mr. !
Baiiksdale,] of the fact, that they can, m that,
State, elect their members of Congress as they do ,
in Pennsylvania, New York, and Ohio, so that the !
argument of my fiiend must fall to the ground. ;
But, I desire to call the attention of the House '
to the fact stated by my friend from Louisiana^
[Mr. Jones.] He lias told the House that they
could not hold their elections m that State, unless ,
in the fall of the year, because of the sickness;!
and that was his objection to the earlier meeting
of Congress. Let me tell that gentleman that his
State can change the time of their elections. They
can hold them in the month of April, or May, as
we do in Virginia, to avoid the sickly season of
the year.
But, Mr. Speaker, I desire to notice very briefly,
and to answer the argument of my friend from
Virginia, on my left, [Mr. Goode.] We have
been told by that gentleman, that we have too
much legislation. I ask my honorable colleague,
if the work of thirty-one States can be done as
easily as that of thirteen ? This Government con-
sists of thirty-one States, while originally—and
when the terms of holding sessions of Congress
weie fixed—it consisted of hut thirteen; and, of
couise, a greater amountof legislation is required.
Now, what are the facts as to the business before
this Congress r There have been before this House
a number of bills, both of a public and private
character, which have been here for years, and
have not been disposed of, because you have had
legislation on subjects which have agitated, not
only the minds of members of Congress, but
which have agitated the minds of the people. I
particularly refer to the negro question which is
continually brought forward, and, in the discus-
sion of which, the time of the American Congress
is unnecessarily and improperly consumed, until
it has become the cry of the presses throughout
the country that we do not attend to the business
in which the private interests of the community,
and their private fortunes are invoked. And yet
we are told by my colleague, that we have too
much legislation. I grant you that we have too
much legislation of an improper character; but it
is necessary, it is absolutely necessary, with a
view to the consummation of the public business,
that there should be more time allotted for the con-
sideration of the business of the country.
And while I am opposed to our taking a recess
for this session, for I am not prepared to say here
to-day that I shall be a member of the next Con-
gress, and certainly if much reliance is to be
placed on the threats of the party designated by
the significant cognomen of Know Nothings, I
would seem to have but little chance of returning
here, I am in favor of the principle of this bill.
I know the tact that there are bills of a private
character in which my own district is interested,
which have been befoie Congress for many years.
There is a bill fiom western Virginia in reference
to the judiciary, which was reported five years
ago, anil which cannot be reached this Congress.
The bill is simple in its character, proposing1 to
allow the judge to hold his terms in western Vir-
ginia, and to increase his salary. That bill, I
say, cannot be reached, and the same is true of
an immense mass of private matter, and yet the
gentleman, my colleague, [Mr. Goode,j says to
the House and the country, that we have too
much legislation. I agree with him that we have,
but it is of an improper character. Let us equal-
ize the length of the two sessions, and for that
purpose let us pass this lull, and my word for it, if
gentlemen will go home and present the facts to
Uieirconstituents, they will be borne out m their
action, i hope the House will pass the bill.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I will not delay the
House by any extended remarks. 1 simply wish
to expiess my opposition to the bill, as also to
the amendment, for the reason that, in my humble
judgment, it is entirely unnecessary. 'And why?
1 say here, that notwithstanding we have ex-
hausted so much of the present session in discuss-
ing a question which has touched the heart of the
nation, if members will agree this day, to meet at
eleven o'clock, for a month hence, and sit five
hours each day, we can act upon every important
bill presented to the House. I, for one,am willing
to take that course. If gentlemen will content
themselves with short and sensible explanations
of the matters before us, business can be dis-
patched with great rapidity. I think wc oucht to
confine our remarks to five minute speeches. They
are quite as effective as longer ones. \ think it
unwise to extend the length of what is called the
short session. The Constitution prescribes the
first day of December as the day upon which the
sessions of Congress shall commence, unless
changed by a law of Congress. The fourth sec-
tion of the first article of the Constitution de-
clares:
♦•'That Congress shall assemble at least onee meveiy
