738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
Orr, Parker, Peck, Peckham, Pennington, Bishop Perkins,
Pratt, Purycar, Reese, Riddle, David Ritchie, Thomas
Ititchey, Robbms, Russell, Sabin, Sapp, Seymour, Sim-
mons, Skelton,Gerrit Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William R.
Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Hestor
L. Stevens, Sirauh, John J. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy,
Trout, Upham, Vail, Vansant, Wade, Warren, Ellihu B.
Washburne, John Wentwortb, Tappan Wentwortb, West-
brook, Wheeler, Hendnck B. Wright, Yates, and Zolli-
coffer—107.
NAY'S—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ashe, Barksdale, Bo-
cock, Brooks, Caskie, Chastain, Chuicliwell, Clmgman,
Craige, Curtis, Dent, Eastman, Ellison, Fenton, Goode,
Aaron Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, fcastmgs, Haven,
Henn, Hibbard, Houston, Daniel T. Jones, George W.
Jones, Kent, Kidwell, Kittredge, Kurtz, Lane, Lyon, Mac-
donald, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Morgan, Mor-
rison, Murray, Olds, Packer, John Perkins, Phelps, Powell,
Frinijle, Ready, Ruffin, Shaw, William Smith, Walker,
Walley, Walsh, and Witte—5Q.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HILL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was just passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. ORR. I move that the rules be now sus-
pended,and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the VV hole on thestateof the Union.
The debate on the Indian appropriation bill closes
at two o'clock, and it is now within one hour of
that time.
Mr. WARREN. I hope the gentleman from
South Carolina will withdraw his motion for a
moment.
Mr. ORR. For what purpose?
Mr. WARREN. I want to get leave to with-
draw certain papers from the files of the House.
The SPEAKER. What is the object of with-
drawing them?
Mr. WARREN. I want to withdraw them for
the purpose of returning them to the parties.
Objection was made.
[Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, here reported, as correctly enrolled, bills of
the following titles:
An act for the relief of the settlers upon lands
reserved for railroad purposes; and
Joint resolution relative to bids for provisions,
clothes, and small-stores for the use of the Navy.
Which thereupon received the signature of the
Speaker.]
Mr. WARREN. I wish to advise the House
of the character of the papers I desire to withdraw.
At an early period of the session I introduced a
bill for the relief of one John Gossett, which was
predicated upontwo land warrants assigned to him,
under a power of attorney, prior to the issuing of
the warrants. Ascertaining that a bill for Ins re-
lief cannot possibly be passed, his remedy is in the
courts. I desire to withdraw the papers for the
purpose ofsending them to the petitioner, to enable
nim to institute his action to the courts.
No objection being made, leave was granted to
withdraw the papers.
Mr. SKELTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to present joint resolutions passed
by the Legislature of New Jersey.
Mr. ORR. If they are not to be read, I do not
object; but if they are, 1 do object, for I want to
get into committee.
Mr. EASTMAN. I object.
Mr. ORR. 1 now move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
And the House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Phelps m the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of House bill No. 16, making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, for
the year ending June 30, 1855.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee last
rose, they had under consideration House bill
No. 46*, and upon that bill the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] has the floor.
Mr. GROW said: The Committee on Indian
Affairs have had under consideration the memorial
of the Cherokee Indians residing in States east of
the Mississippi river, praying the payment of
money which they claim to be due them, under
the treaty of the 29th of December, 1835, and the
supplement thereto of the first of March, 1836;
and that committee instructed me, at the proper
time, to offer an amendment to the Indian appro-
priation bill,for thepaymentof thatclaim,amount-
ing to the sum of $92,62518, with interest thereon
from December 14, 1852, the time when the peti-
tion and papers were filed before Congress.
Knowing that we should be called upon to ex-
plain the merits of this claim, as well as the rea-
sons for our action, and as that could not be done
intelligibly to any gentleman unacquainted with
the facts in a five-minute speech, and as general
debate on this bill closes at two o'clock to-day, I
have been forced to take this occasion to explain
the amendment.
But for that fact, and the sense of duty which,
as a member of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
I awe to the appropriate business of the House,
i pnould gladly have acceded to the request of the
ntleman from New York [Mr. Cutting] yes-
rday, and yielded to him the floor.
For a proper understanding of this claim, it is
ecessary briefly to review the history of the set-
tlements and changes of the Eastern Cherokees
for some years past.
The Cherokees originally occupied a territory
covering a portion of the States of Tennessee,
North Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama. Up to
1809 that was their home. Then, under the per-
mission of the President of the United States, such
of them as chose to do so were permitted to emi-
grate to a settlement on the Arkansas and White
river, in what is now the State of Arkansas. They
continued to emigrate, as suited their own inclina-
tion and convenience, until 1817, when a treaty
I was formed with the Government of the United
States, securing to them the right of settlement
upon those rivers; and they continued to emigrate
thither under the provisions of this treaty till 1828,
when a new treaty was formed, granting them
seven millions of acres of land west of the territorial
limits of Arkansas, which were guarantied and
secured to them by the Government as a perma-
nent home.
These seven million acres were granted for the
put pose of inducing them to abandon their settle-
ments on White and Arkansas rivers, to which
many of them had removed since the permission
of the President m 1809, and to settle west of the
State limits of Arkansas, so as to avoid the trou-
bles to which they had been exposed in Georgia,
by being included within any territorial or State
jurisdiction. From the time of the first emigra-
tion to Arkansas, the Cherokee Indians were
known by the designation of Eastern and West-
ern Cherokees—and this was the only division
known in the tribe till the fonnation of the treaty
of 1835. That emigration continued, and the rela-
tion of the tribe and the Go\ernment remained the
same till 1830, when the State of Georgia extended
her laws over the Indian territory within her limits.
She caused the lands to be surveyed and sold, and
the purchasers of the State went on, took posses-
sion, iyid ousted the Indians; and this state of
quasi hostility continued with the whites and the
Indians until 1835, when a treaty was foi med with
the Government of the United States, by virtue of
which Congress agreed to pay the Cherokee na-
tion $5,000,000 for '^all their lands and posses-
sions east of the Mississippi river;" and it was
further stipulated that they were to remove within
two years.
A supplement to that treaty was added, how-
ever, in 1836, by which the Senate agreed to pay
$600,000 " to include the expense of their removal,
and all claims of every nature and description
against the Government of the United States, not
otherwise expressly provided for;" thus making
the treaty fund set apart by the General Govern-
ment to be paid to the Cherokee nation for their
lands and possessions, and for removal and spoli-
ations, $5,600,000.
This treaty was made on the part of the Chero-
kees by certain men of the nation, m order to avoid
expulsion by the State of Georgia, and forcible
removal by the General Government. But John
Ross, their chief, and leading spirit, refused to
make any treaty, or to comply with the provisions
of the one already made. He denounced the men
who made it as traitois to their nation, in selling
their homes and the graves of their fathers.
Many of them he doomed to death; and that was
the sentence he pronounced upon all who acqui-
esced in the treaty. He refused to comply with
its stipulations; stood out in opposition to the
Government, and would not remove; and, under
his influence, a large part of the tribe took the same
position, and were called the Ross party; while
those who formed the treaty, and were ready in
good faith to observe it, were called the Treaty
party.
Well, sir, the two years allowed by treaty for
their removal expired, and none had left save a
portion of the treaty party. General Scott was
sent by order of the Government to remove them,
peaceably if he could, but if not, at the point of
the bayonet. In 1838 General Scott went into the
Indian country for the purpose of removing the
Indians west of the Mississippi, according to the
treaty which had been formed by the treaty party
of the Cherokees. I hope gentlemen will bear in
mind the different terms by which these different
parties were known in order properly to under-
stand the merits of this claim.
There wereof the Eastern Cherokees the treaty
party who made the treaty with the Government,
and were ready to abide by its terms, a portion of
whom had removed west to the Cherokee country
set apart by the Government. Then there was the
John Ross party, who were opposed to the treaty
and to removal. The Western Cherokees were
also divided by the treaty into two factions. The
one, embracing tho.se who had emigrated under the
permission of the President in the first place, and
subsequently under the treaties of 1817 and 1828,
were called the "old settlers." Those who left
the Statesand went west under the treaty of 1835,
were called the treaty party west. Here, then,
of the Western Cherokees there were the lt old set-
tlers," and the treaty party west. General Scott
goes to remove the balance of the tribe east, being
the Ross portion, which had refused to remove.
Let me here state a stipulation of the treaty of
1835. It was stipulated that the Cherokees were
to sell to the United States all their lands and pos-
sessions east of the Mississippi river, for which
the Government was to pay $5,000,000. But by
the twelfth article of said treaty it is expressly
provided, that—
"Those individuals and families of the Cheiokee nation
that are averse to a removal 10 tlie Cheiokee country west
of the, Mississippi, and are desirous to become citizens of
the States where they reside, and such as are qualified to
take care of themselves and their property, shall be entitled
to receive their due portion of all the peisonal benefits ac-
cruing under this treaty for their claims, improvements, and
2>er capita.,J
Here, then, by this treaty, such of the Chero-
kees as preferred to remain in the States and be-
come citizens, were entitled to all the benefits for
their claims and improvements, and their per capita
share of the money to be paid to the tribe. A
number of these Cherokees have remained in the
States under this provision of the treaty of 1835,
and become citizens of the States. They have then
complied with its terms, and they are the party
in Congress to-day asking that their rights under
the treaty shall be granted. They are the party
that ask their per cctpitu of the amount which the
Government agreed to pay by the treaty of 1835.
To explain the basis of their rights 1 shall refer
to the subsequent treaty, its terms and conditions,
and what has been done by the Government.
By the 8th article of the treaty of 3835:
" The United States als-o agree and stipulate to remove
the Cherokees to their new homes, and to subsist them one
year after their arrival there." * * * *
" Such persons and families a«, in the opinion of the em-
igrating a^cni, aie capable of subsisting and removing them-
selves, shall he permitted to do so ; and they shall he allowed
in tall for all claims for the same $20 for each member of
their family; and m lien of their one year's rations they
shall be paid the turn of $.13 33, lfthey prefer it."
Removal is then fixed hy the treaty at $20 per
head, and subsistence at $33 331 per head. These
are the terms of the treaty; and the Cherokees now
residing in the States claim that the Government
could allow no greater sum than that to be de-
ducted from the treaty fund. They claim that
the Government can only takeout of the $5,600,000
for removal and subsistence the sum of $53 33 per
head.
But then the question arises, what has the
Government allowed for removal and subsistence?
And what was the reason for that allowance?
General Scott was sent there, as I said before, in
1838, to remove the balance of these Indians The
Ross party refused to go. General Scott collected
them together and was about to force their re-
moval, according to his orders, at the point of the
bayonet. A negotiation was then entered into
between General Scott and John Ross, by which
