1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2307
From Petersburg, by New Springfield, North
Lima, and East Lewistown, to Columbiana.
From Poland, by East Lewistown, to Colum-
biana.
From Poland, by Youngstown, Girard, Niles, !
Warren, Champion, Southmgton, Farrmngton, i
Parkman, Barton, Claridon, Chardan, Concord, ;
and Paineaville, to Fatrport. 1
From Polk, by Albion, West Salem, Lodi, and
Lafayette, to Medina. |
From Portsmouth, by Rockville, Vanceburg, ■
Stouts', Mahala,Concord, Ebersole's Warehouse,
Manchester, and Maysville, to Cincinnati.'1
From Portsmouth, by Sciotoville, Wheelers-
burg, Franklin Furnace, French Grant, Hanging
Rock, Ironton, Coal Grove, Green's Store, Bur-
lington, Guyandotte, Virginia, Quaker Bottom, 1
Miller'?*, Swan Creek, Green Bottom, Hereford, -
South New Castle, Raccoon Island, Gallipolis,
Point Pleasant, Addison, Cheshire, Silver Run, >
and Salisbury, to Pomeroy. t
From Portsmouth, by Scioto, to Iron Furnace. 1
From Powhatan Point, by Capttna, Arm- ,
strong's Mills, Beallsville, and Pilcher, to Mala- j
ga. !
From Providence, by Gilead, Shunk, Medary, :
and Buckeye, to Pleasant. j
From Rainesborough to Tranquillity.
From Ravenna, by Shalersville, Freedom, and ;
Garrettsville, to Hiram. j
From Recovery, by St. Henry'sand St. John's,
to Minster.
From Republic to Bucyrus.
From Republic, by Adams and Butternut
Ridge, to Greene Creek.
From Reedtown, by North Norwich, to Steu-
ben.
From Ripley, by Decatur, Eckmansville, and :
North Liberty, to Youngstown.
From Risdon, by Brown's Corners and Bloom,
to Woodbury.
From Rochester, Pennsylvania, by Beaver, In- 1
dustry, Smith's Ferry, Little Beaver, Bridge,
Ohio, Calcutta, Cannon's Mills, New Lisbon,
Buck's, New Garden, New Alexander, New
Chambersburg, Moultrie, New Franklin, Paris,
and Oznaburg, to Canton.
From Richmondale, by Londonderry, Eagle
Mills, and Bloomins:sville, to Logan.
From Sahnesville, by Mechanicstown, Scrogs- j
field, Harlaem Springs, Kilgore, Germano, and
Fife, to Cadiz.
From Sabma, by Gluinn'a Mills and Lee's
Creek, to Highland.
From Salem, by North Georgetown, to Win-
chester.
From Salem, by New Albany, Canfield, Orange,
Ohl's Town, Warren, Bristolville. North Bloom-
field, Orwell, Rome, Morgan, Eagleville, and
Jefferson, to Ashtabula.
From Sandusky to Toledo.
From Sampson, by Abbottsville, to Green-
ville.
From Seven Mile, by Jacksonborough, West
Elkton, Gratis, West Alexandria, Lewisbur^h,
Euphemia, Hagerstown, Castine, and Fort Jeller-
son, to Greenville.
From Senecaville, by Buffalo and Dyson's, to
Cambridge.
From Sharonville, by West Chester, Bethany,
and Monroe, to Blue Hill.
From Shelby, by De Kalb and Sulphur Springs,
to Bucyrus
From Sharp's Fork, by Pleasant Valley,
Woody'.s Mil!, Rosseau, and Chaneyville, to
McConnelisville.
F rom Sheffield Lake, by Avon Lake, to Dover.
From Sydney, by Pratt, Gtuincy, De Graff, and
Loaransville, to Beliefontaine.
From Shalersville, by StreeUboro', Hudson,
Peninsula, Richfield, and Hinckley, to Bruns-
wick.
From Somerset to Jaoksontown. j
From Sidney, by Valentia, Dinsmore, # Wa-
pahkonetta, Lima, Kalida, and Francoma, to
Charloe.
From Simmon's Run, by Mohawk, to New-
castle.
From Sinking Soring, by Byington, Morgan s ;
Fork, Jasper, Piketon, Beaver, and Meadow j
Branch, to Jackson.
From Somerset, by Rehoboth,New Lexington, ;
Pike, Whipstown,Sunday Creek, Hartlevsville, .
Cross Roads, Trimble, and Millfield, to Athens.
From Springfield, by Donnellsville, New Car-
lisle, and Fair Mount, to Troy.
From Springfield, byTremont and Terrehaute,
to Northampton.
From Springfield, by Harmony, Vienna Cross
Roads, Summerford, West Jefferson, and Alton,
to Columbus.
From Springfield, by Enon, Fairfield, Kneisly,
and Harshmansvilie, to Dayton.
From Springfield, by Urbana, West Liberty,
Beliefontaine, Huntsviile, New Richland, Belle
Centre, Kenton, Sylvia Forest, Carey, Whar-
tonsburg, Adrian, Tiffin, Watson's Station, Green
Spring, Clyde, Casialia, to Sandusky.
From Springfield, by Mechanicsburg, Milford
Centre, Marysville, Little MiliCreek, and Scioto
Bridge, to Delaware.
From St. Clairsville, by East Richland, Union-
town, Flushing, and New Athens, to Cadiz.
From St. Cldirsville, by Corinth, Jacobsburg,
Captina, Ring's Mill?, Armstrong's Mills, Bealls-
ville, Woodsfield, Pilcher, Hunter, Lampsville,
and Demos, to St. Clairsville.
From St. Joseph's, by William's Centre, Ney,
and Srunersburg, to Defiance.
From St. Joseph's, by Artie, Hamilton, In-
diana, Steubenvilie, Angola, Flint, and Brushy
Prairie, to Lima.
From St. Mary's, by Celina, Skeel's Cross
Roads, New Corydon, Indiana, Timber Lost,
Linn Grove, Vera Cruz, Bluffion, Murray, Mar-
kel, and Huntingdon.
From Sr. Mary's, by Celina, Neptune, Boetia,
Mercer, Shane's Crossing. Willshire, Pleasant
! Mills, Indiana, Decatur, Monmouth, and Root, to
' Fort Wayne.
From Steubenvilie, by Bargar's Shop, to Mount
Pleasant.
From Steubenvilie, by Winterville, Richmond,
Annapolis, Germano, New Rumley, Scioto, Co-
notton, New Hagerstown, Leesville, Rockford,
and New Philadelphia, to Canal Dover.
From Steubenvilie, by Island Creek and Knox-
ville, to New Somerset.
From Steubenvilie, by Wintersville, Booming-
dale, Hopedale, Cadiz, Cassviile, Moorfield,
Smyrna, Londonderry, Antrim, Winchester, and
Cable, to Cambridge.
From Steubenvilie, by Browning's Mills, Island
Creek, Knoxville, New Somerset, Mitchell's Salt
Works, Moore's Salt Works, Croxton, Saline-
ville, Inverness, and West Beaver, to New Lis-
bon.
From Steubenvilie, by Wintersville, Cross
Creek, Richmond, East Springfield, Amsterdam,
Harlem Springs, Carrollton, New Harrisburg,
Waynesburg, to Canton.
From Strasburg, by Fryburg, to Paris.
From Sunbury, by Vail's Cross Roads, Porter,
: Sparta, Fredericktown, and Shaler's Miils, to
North Liberty.
; From Sunbury, by Porter, Kinston Centre,
; Mimmon's Cross Roads, Marengo, Bennington,
i and Lincoln, to Mount Gilead.
| From Sunfish, by Jonesville and Rocky Nar-
rows, to Woodsneld.
1 From Snnfish, by Bare's, to Sardis.
' From Toledo, by Genoa, Elmore, Fremont,
! Clyde, Bellevue, Monroeville, Milan, Norwalk,
, Ea'st Townsend, Wakeman, Camden Station,
i and Oberlin, to Grafton Station.
I From Toledo, by Java, Ai, Parcher's Corners,
; Emery, Blanc, Deer Lick, Domestic, Bridgewater,
i Nettie Lake, Fish Creek, Indiana, and Angola, to
Lagrange.
From Tiffin, by Adams, Green Spring, Clyde,
: York, North Ridge, Townsend, and Castalia, to
Sandusky.
From Tiffin, by Bascom,to Stoner.
From Tiffin, by Republic, West Lodi, Flat
Rock, Bellevue, Groton Centre, and Cook's Cor-
ner, to Sandusky.
From Toledo, by Hardy, Swantown, Essex,
Ottokee, Zedron, Allston, Elmira, West Unity,
and Durbm's Corners, to Bryan.
From Troy, by Covington, Robinson's, and
New Harrison, to Greenville.
From Tupper's Plains, by Long Bottom, to
Cnester.
From Twin«?burg, by Solon, Orange, and At-
water, to Edmhurg.
From Union, by Centre, West Baltimore, and
Itlmoa, to Castine.
From Upper Sandusky, by Belie Vernon, Syca-
more, Mexico, Melmore, and Bloomingville, to
Republic.
From Upper Sandusky, by Browntown, to
Marseilles.
From Urbara, by Westville, Saint Paris, Al-
len's, and Fletcher, to Piqua.
From Urbana, by Westville, Millerstown,
Careysville, Palestine, and Plattsville, to Sidney.
From Urhana,by Westville, Baker, Christians-
burg, and Casstown, to Troy.
F om Van Buren, by Portage Cross Roads,
Ten MiieCreek, NorLh Ridge, Melmore,to Ridge-
land.
From Vaughnsville, by Gomar, Delphos, Van
Wert, and Recruit, to Foit Wayne, Indiana.
From Walhonditig, by Tiverton and Danville,
to Democracy.
From Wapahkonetta, by Unionopolis,Waynes-
field, Roundhead, and McDonald, to Kenton.
From Warren, by Bazetia,Mecca,Greensburg,
Phelps, New Lyme, and Lenox, to Jefferson.
From Warren, by Lordstown, North Jackson,
and Ellsworth, to Salem.
From Washington, by New Gottingen, Seneca-
ville, Mount Ephraim, Sarahsvilie, Oiive, Sharon,
Gardner, South Olive, Regnier's Mills, and Clay-
tona, to Lowell.
From Washington C.H., by Staunton,Moon's,
Leesburg, and Samantha,to Hillsboro'.
F ora Washington C. H., by Jeffersonville,
South Solon, Grape Grove, Jamestown, New
j Jasper, Xenia, Eureka Mills, and Beilbrook, to
; Ceiitreville.
| From Washington C. H., by Convenience,
I Austin, and Frankfort, to Chilheothe. ^
j From Waterville, by Groveland, Lavona, West
i Barre, Ridgeville Corners, and Oak, 10 Bryan.
j From Waynesvilie to Sprmgboro'.
From Wellsville, by Glasgow, West Point,
J New Lisbon, Franklin Squctie, Salem, North
j Birmingham, North Benton, Deerfield, Eding-
j burg, and Campbeflsport, to Ravenna.
I From Wellsville, by Inverness, Salinesville,
| Hastingsville, Norristown, and Augusta, to Mi-
! nerva.
I From Wellsville, by East Liverpool, Little
| Beaver Bridge, and Ohioville, to Achor.
I From Wellersville, Columbiana county, by
j Knoxville, Richmond, Bloomingdale, Smithfield,
1 Mount Pleasant, and Coleram, to St. Clairsville.
From West Jefferson, by West Canaan, Darby
Creek, Darby Plains, Rose, Dale, Mechanicsburg,
and Mutual, to Urbana.
From West Jefferson, by Wahoo, to Mechan-
icsburg.
From West Liberty, by Pickerelton, to Dela-
ware.
From West Milton, by Laura, Painter Creek,
and Poplar Ridge, to Gieenville.
From West Union, by Wagoner's Ripple,
Stout's, Rockville, and Friendship, to Portsmouth.
From Wheelersburg, by Junior, Kelley's Mills,
Elizabeth, Campbell, Patriot, and Thurman, to
Vinton
From Wheeling, Virginia, by Martin's Ferry,
Ohio, Coleram, Mount Pleasant, Adena, Harris-
viile,Shon Creek, Cadiz, Deersville, Feed Spring,
Ulricksville, New Philadelphia, Canal Dover,
Strasburg, Deardoff's Mills, Frease's Store,
Mount Eaton, and Apple Creek, to Wooster.
From Wheeling, Virginia, by Bridgeport, Ohio,
St.Clairsville, Llo>dsvil!e,Morristown, Hendrys-
burg, Fairview, Middlebourne,W ashington, Cam-
bridge, New Concord, Norwich, and Bridgeville,
to Zanesviite.
From Wheeling, Virginia, by Short Creek,
Warrenton, Ohio, Weliaburg, Steubenvilie, Ohio,
Jeddo, Elliottsviile, Port Homer, and Mouth of
Yellow Creek, to Wellsville.
From Williamsburg, by De La Palma, Union
Plains, Buford, and Nevin, to New Market.
From Williamsburg, By Sardinia and Fmcas-
tle, to Scott.
From Wilkesville, by Eagle Furnace anu Win-
ton Furnace, to McArthur.
From Williamsburg, by New Harmony, to
New Hope.
From Wiiloughbv, bv Mayfield, to Gate 8
Mills. " "
From Wilmington, by Oakland and Harveys-
bure, to Waynesvilie. .
From Wilmington, by Port William, Painters-
ville, Lumberton, and New Burlington, to Spring
Valley.
