1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1449
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana, i move that the
House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The main question was ordered to be now put,
being first upon the amendment of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Peckham,] to strike out
the " first Monday of November," and insert in
lieu thereof " the first Monday of October."
Tellers were called for and ordered; and Messrs.
Pennington and Bocock were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 79, noes 77.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. ORR demanded tellers upon the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. JONES. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Messrs. Dawson and McMullin were then
appointed tellers.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
thirty-six in the affirmative, (asufficient number.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 59, nays lit); as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Benson, Bugg, Campbell,
Carpenter, Corvvin, Thomas Davis, De Witt, I)i&ne>,
Everhart, Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Florence, Fuller, Gid-
dings, Green, Grow, Sampson W. Harris, Hastings, Henn,
Hughes. Ingofsoll, Daniel T. Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Latham,
Lilly, McCulloch, McMullin, Mace, Matte on, Morgan,
Orr, Paiker, Peckharn, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Prin-
gle, Puryear, Ready, Riddle, Sabin, Shannon, Skelton,
William Smith, Fiederick P. Stanton, Richard II. Stan-
ton, Straub, John J. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurs-
ton, Tracy, Upham, Walker, Walley, Elliliu B. Wash-
burne, I^nn'l Washhuni, and Tappan Wentworth—59.
NAYS—Me& rss. Abercrombie, Aiken, James (J. Allen,
Appleton, David J. Bailey, Banks, Barksdale, Barry, Bel-
cher, Bell, Benton, Btsscll, Bliss, Bocock, Boyce, Breck-
inridge, Bridges, Brooks, Caruiliers, Chamberlain, Chand-
ler, Chri&mari, Clark, Cobb, Colquitt, Crocker, Cullom,
John G. Davis, Dawson, Dick, Dickinson, Dowdetl, Dun-
ham, Eastman, Eddv, Edmands, EdrnumUon, Thomas D.
Eliot, John M. Elliott, Ellison, English, Etheridge,Ewing,
Faulkner, Goode, Gooduch, Giecnwood, Hamilton, Aaron
Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Wiley P. Harris, Harrison,
Hendricks,Hill, Hillver, Houston, Hunt, Johnson, George
W. Jones, J Giancy Jones, Roland Jones, Kidwell, Knox,
Kurtz, Lamb, Letcher, Lindley, Lindsley, Macy, May,
Middleswarth, John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Millson,
Murray, Nichols, Noble, Norton, Oids, Mordecai Oliver,
Packei, John Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Pratt, Preston,
Reese, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritchey, Ruffin, Russell,
Sapp, Seward, Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Gerrit Smith,
George W. Smyth, Alexander H. Stephens, Hpstor L.
Steven«, David Smart, John L. Taylor, Trout, Vml, Van-
sant, Wells, Witte, Daniel B. Wright, and Zolhcofler—110.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Keitt.
A Member. I understand that amendment has
been withdrawn.
M<rfKElTT. I would most cheerfully with-
draw the amendment, if the members from Mis-
sissippi had not told me that my amendment meets
their case exactly. Therefore i cannot withdraw
it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not the
power to withdraw it, as the main question has
been ordered.
Mr. ENGLISH. I call for the yeas and nays
upon its adoption.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I ask for tellers upon
the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the House
now adjourns, will not this be the first business m
order to-morrow morning?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
not prepared to say. This comes up under a sus-
pension of the rules; and, as it has heretofore been
held, the Chair thinks that business coming up
under such circumstances goes over until next
Monday.
Mr. STEPHENS. Will it not be the first
business in order on Monday next ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. fcllLLYER. I understand that where the
previous question has been ordered, it is the first
business in order upon the succeeding day.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the House
should adjourn now, that question will be for the
Speaker to decide to-morrow. The Chair admits
the correctness of the position of the gentleman
from Georgia, but states that it has heretofore been
held that business coming up under a suspension
of the rules on Monday, and the House adjourn-
ing without disposing of it, goes over until the
next suspension day. This does not come before
the House by a report of a committee, or as busi-
ness from the Speaker's table.
As to the motion of the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens,] that the House do now adjourn,
the Chair will state that no business has been done
since the last motion adjourn, and consequently
it is not in order.
The question being first upon the demand for
tellers upon the yeas and nays, tellers were re-
fused.
The yeas and nays were also refused.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Upon that motion tellers were called for, and
ordered; and Messrs. Jones, of Louisiana, and
Etheridoe, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
thirty-one in the affirmative, a further count not
being demanded.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. "I call the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to lay the bill upon the table.
The question then recurred upon ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ORR. I desire to inquire whether the bill
has been engrossed ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is not
able to inform the gentleman. He will, however,
remark that the House have not yet ordered the
bill to be engrossed.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question again recurred upon ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time; and be-
ing taken, was decided in the affirmative—yeas
89, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Appleton, Ball,
Banks, Belcher, Bell, Benson, Bojce, Brooks, Campbell,
Carpenter, Caruthets, Chandler, Crocket, Thomas Davis,
UaWMiii, De Witt, Dick, Disney, Edmands, Everhart, Far-
ley, Faulkner, Fenton, Flagler, Fuller, Giddmgs, Good-
rich, Green, Greenwood, A.irun Harlan, Andrew J. Har-
lan, Sampson W. Harris, Ilarrt-on, Hastings, Henn, Hill,
Hiliyer, Hughes, Ingeiboll, Kerr, Kidwell, Knox, Lamb,
Lmdiey, McCulloch, McMullin, Mace, Macy, Middle-
I swaith, John G. Miller, Millson, Norton, Olds, Mordecai
I Oliver, Packer, Parker, Pock, Bishop Perkins, John Per-
I kin«, Pi ingle, Puryear, Reete, David Ritchie, Thomas
| llitchey, Ru>>sell, Sabm, Seward, Shannon, Gerrit Smith,
; Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Richard H. Stanton,
i Straub, John J. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston,
! Tiacy, Trout, Upham, Wade, Walker, Walley, Elhhu B.
! WaMiburne, Israel Washburn, Well-, Tappan Wentworth.
' and ZolhcolTcr—89
I NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, David
: J. Bailey, Barksdale, Barry Benton, Bhs , Bocoi k, Bieek-
! xnridge, Bridget., Bugg, Ca^kie, Chamberlain, Chrnman,
I Claik, Cobb, Colquitt, John G. Davis, Dickinson, Dow-
I dell, Dunham, Ea>tina><, Eddy, Edmnndson, Thomas D
! Eliot, John M. Elliott, Ellison, English, Ethcridge, Ewing,
Florence, Goode, Grow. Hamilton, Wiley P. Harris, Haven,
j Hendricks, Houston, Hunt, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,
, George W. Jones, J. Giancy Jones, Roland Jones, Kntt,
Kurtz, Latham, Letchor,Lilly, LimMey, Mattef-on. Max-
i well, May, Smith Miller, Morgan, Murray, Nichols, Noble,
, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Peckham, Pennington, Phelps, Pow-
i ell, Pratt, Itobbin*-, Iltilhti, Shaw, Showoi, Singleton,
' Skelton, George W. Smyth, David Stuart, John L i ay-
1 lor, Vail, Vansant, Wheeler, Wille, and Daniel B. Wright
i —81.
: So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
I a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
; ingly read the third time.
CALIFORNIA MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. COBB. I rise to a privileged question. I
move to reconsider the vole by which the bill pro-
viding facilities for the mail service to San Fran-
cisco was postponed. 1 do not desire to call up
the motion now, but merely to have it entered.
The motion to reconsider was entered, and the
consideration of the bill changing the time for the
meeting of Congress again resumed.
Mr. H1LLYER. I move the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded.
The mam question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. HAMILTON. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MATTESON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides the motion to be out of order. The House
have just refused to adjourn.
The question was then taken upon the passage
of the bill; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 81, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Appleton, Ball, Banks, Belcher,
Benson, Hrooks, C<tmpbell, Carpentei, Caruthers. Crocker,
Thomas Davis, Dawson, DeWitt, Dick, Disney, Edmands,
Everhart, Farley, Faulkner, Fenton, Flagler, Fuller, Gid-
dmgs, Goodrich, Greenwood, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J.
I Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Harrison, Hastings, Henn,
; Hill, Hiliyer, Hughes, Ingersoll, Kerr, Kidwell, Knox,
: Lamb, Lindley, McCulloch, McMullin, Mace, Macy, Mid-
i dleswarth. JotinG. Miller, Millson,Norton,Olds, Mordecai
Oliver, Parker, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Pringle,
i Puryear, Reese, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritchey, Russell,
j Sabin, Seward, Shannon, Gerrit Smith, Samuel A Smith,
William Smith, Richard H. Stanton, Straub, Nathaniel G.
I Taylor, Thurston, Tracy, Trotit, Upham, Wade, Walker,
Walley, F.llihu B. Waehburne, Isiael Washburn, Wells,
; Tappan Wentworth, and Zolhcofler—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, David J.
Bailey, Barksdale, Barry, Bell, Bliss, Bocock, Bridges,
Bugg, Caskie, Chamberlain, Chrisinan, Clark, Cobb,
Colquitt, John G. Davis, Dickm-on, Dowdell, Dunham,
Eddy, Ediutindsoti, Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, English,
Ktheridge, Bwing, Florence, Goode, Grow, Hamilton,
WileyP Harris, Haven, Hendlicks, Houston, Hunt, John-
son, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Giancy Jones,
Roland Jones, Kent, Kurtz, Latliam, Letcher, Lilly,
Lindsley, Matteson,Maxwell, May, Smith Miller. Morgan,
Murray," Nichols, Noble, Andrew Oliver, Packer, Pen-
nington, Phelps, Powell, Pratt, Robbins, RntTin, Shaw,
Shower, Singleton, Skelton, George W. Smyth, Ilesior L.
Stevens, David Stnart, John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor,
Vail, Vansant, Wheeler, Witte, and Daniel B. Wright—77.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HILLYER. I move that the vote by
which the bill passed be reconsidered, and that
the motion to reconsider lie upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. KEITT. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to—ayes 40, noes 95.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The motion to lay upon the table the motion
to reconsider was then agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I move 10 amend the title of
the bill by substituting for the present one the fol-
lowing:
An act to add thirty days to each session of
Congress.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move to substitute the
following:
An act to equalize the sessions of Congress.
A Member. Is the latter amendment in order
Mr. McMULLiN. I withdraw it.
The question was taken on Mr. Letcher's
substitute, and it was rejected.
The title was then agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the title was adopted;
and that that motion be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARTHA WASHINGTON CASE.
;i Mr. BLISS. I ask the unanimous consent of
!' the House for leave to introduce a bill of the fol-
1 ( lowing title:
i; A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
j ury to appoint an agent to investigate and bring
to justice certain offenders against the laws of
the United States, and making appropriation of
£15,000 for that purpose.
Mr. HAVEN. I object.
!j Mr. BLISS. 1 would ask the .gentleman to
( withdraw his objection until I make a short ex-
planation.
I Mr. HAVEN. I have no objection to the ex-
planation, but I cannot withdraw objection to the
] introduction of the bill.
| Mr. BLISS. I move a suspension of the rules
i for the purpose I have indicated,
j] Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
!j the House do now adjourn.
jj The motion was agreed to.
! Thereupon (at twenty minutes past four o'clock)
]j the House adjourned til! to-morrow at twelve, m.
