1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
he agreed to permit Ross to remove the Cherokees
at an allowance of $65 88 a head, with some in-
cidental expenses, making it $65 90 per head, pro-
vided the removal of each company took buteighty
days. But, in addition, he made this supplemental
agreement, that if their removal took over eighty
days, then the Government was to pay a propor-
tional amount for the excess over the eighty days;
and if they reached their new homes in less time,
thealiowance was to be proportionately less. Ross,
however, took good care that none of his party
should reach their new homes in less than eighty
days, t>ut some of them took one hundred and
eighty-six, and as high as one hundred and eighty-
nine days; for, under his arrangement with Gen-
eral Scott, which was afterwards ratified by the
Government, he was to be allowed a proportional
amount for every day exceeding eighty. So
that instead of the removals costing $53 33 per
head, as provided in the treaty of 1835, or $65 90,
as estimated by General Scott in his agreement
with Ross, it amounted to sums varying from
$65 90 to $155 69, according to the number of days
consumed by each detachment in their removal.
The $65 90 per head was paid by the Government
out of the appropriation of the 12th June, 1838, of
$1,047,068 But the amount of the difference be-
tween $65 90 per head and the,varying sums per
head up to $155 69, was taken from the treaty
fund, and thereby reducing the per capita under
the treaty of 1835-'G. This is one of the grounds
upon which this claim rests. In consequence of
this agreement of General Scott with Ross, by
which the terms of the treaty were changed, the
Eastern Cherokees, who were no party to it, have
been deprived of a portion of the per capita secured
to them under the treaty of 1835—'6, and the 10th
article of 1846.
The precise terms of the agreement of General
Scott with Ross may be found in his answer to
certain interrogatories of the attorney of the Cher-
okees, embodied in report of Mr. Harris, made
August 27, 1842, No. 1098, of second session
Twenty-Seventh Congress, volume 5 of Reports of
Committees, and is in these words:
"The march of the several Indian detachments was av-
eraged (by estimate) at eighty days, and on that estimate
money was advanced to Mr, John Ross. If that estimate
was> found too great, Mr. Ross was to refund to the nation;
and if too small, including the unavoidable delays men-
tioned above, it was understood and agreed that the sub-
sistence, &c., for the excess of tune on the road was to be
paid by the Government out of the fundojthe Cherokees.""
Here, then, is a stipulation by General Scott to
pay, as I said before, $65 90 per head for the
removal and subsistence of these Indians with a
varying amount according to the time consumed
in their removal. Shall the Eastern Cherokees,
acting under the treaty of 1835, be prejudiced by
that stipulation ? Are they bound by a subsequent
arrangement, entered into by General Scott and
John Ross, by which their treaty fund is to be
absorbed for the removal and subsistence of the
Indians, to a greater amount than is provided for
by the treaty of 1835, under which they acted,
and by which the Government is bound? Your
Committee on Indian Affairs believe that no such
subsequent arrangement by an individual of the
Indian tribe and an officer of this Government,
not acting in the capacity of a treaty-making
power, can change or alter the treaty. Your com-
mittee believe that the Eastern Cherokees cannot
be prejudiced by any such arrangement, and that
this Government must abide by the treaty of 1835,
made with them, and give them whatever rights
are secured by that treaty. If the Government
officer has been overreached by any chief of that
tribe, it is not the fault of the Indians who are
entitled to per capita under the treaty. What, then,
are their rights under the treaty of 1835, for what-
ever they were at the time it was concluded, they
remain the .same to-day, so far as the Eastern
Cherokees are concerned; for, by the 10th article
of the treaty of 1846, which is the last and only
treaty made with the Cherokees, or any part of
them since the treaty of 1835-'6—
" It i* expressly agreed that nothing in the foregoing
treaty eunumed shnll be so construed as in any manner to
take away or abridge any rights or claims which the Cher-
okees now residing in the States cast of the Mississippi
river had, or may have, under the treaty of 1835 and the
supplement thereto."
So it matters not what may be the terms and
conditions of the treaty of 1846, as to any rights
of the Cherokees remaining in the States east of
the Mississippi; for they were not to be affected
by it. But owing to the difficulties which had
grown up among the Cherokees themselves, and
the factions into which they were divided, it be-
came necessary in 1846 to make that treaty in or-
der to settle, if possible, these conflicts, and jarring
interests among the Western Cherokees. And a
treaty was then made by all sections and .parties
of the Cherokee people, including the old settlers
West, the treaty party West, the JohnRoss party
that were then West, and the treaty party East,
or Cherokees remaining in the States. What
were the conditions of that treaty, and how are
the Cherokees now residing in the States affected
by it in their rights and claims upon the Govern-
ment? That treaty is final and conclusive, and all
settlements under it a bar upon all Cherokees
west of the Mississippi, and would be upon those
east but for the tenth article. Whatever rights
there were guarantied to them under the treaty of
1835 were in no way changed or abridged by the
treaty of 1846; but, on the contrary, they were re-
admitted and confirmed to them. So, in determin-
ing the rights of the Eastern Cherokees, it is not
necessary to inquire into the terms and provisions
of the treaty of 1846. But to prevent confusion
of ideas, it may be proper to refer to it briefly.
By the ninth article of the treaty of 1846, it is
stipulated that all sums paid for improvements,
ferries, spoliations, removal and subsistence, and for
various other purposes that it is not necessary
here to enumerate—
u The aggregate of said several sums shall be deducted
from the sum of ,§6,617,067 ; and the balance thus found to
be due shall be paid over per capita m equal amounts to
all those individuals, heads of families, or their legal repre-
sentatives entitled to receive the same under the treatv of
1835. arid the supplement of 18%, being all those Cherokees
residing east at the date of said treatv and the supplement
thereto.55
By this article all sums paid for removal and
subsistence, which included the enormous amounts
under the agreement of General Scott with Ross,
were to be deducted from the aggregate fund of
$6,647,067. This sum is the amount of the
original fund of $5,600,000, provided by the treaty
of 1835-'6, added to the $1,047,067 appropriated
the 12th of June, 1838, to cover expenses of re-
moval. The wording of the act is:
" That the further sum of ,$1,047,067 be appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
in full, tor all objects specified in the third article of the
supplemental articles of the treaty of 1835, between the
United States and the Cherokee Indians, and for the further
object of aiding in the subsistence of said Tndians for one
year after their removal west: Provided, That no part ot
ihe said sum of money skull be deducted Jromthe $5,000,000
stipulated to be paid to the said tribe of Indians by said
treaty."
By this treaty the fund is fixed at $6,647,067,
from which is to be deducted all sums whatever
paid by the Government for removal and subsistence,
and other enumerated objects, and the balance is
to be distributed, per capita, among all the Chero-
kees residing east at the time of the treaty of 1835
and 1836. The Eastern Cherokees have received
i their proportionate share of that sum, and would,
like the Western Cherokees, be entitled to nothing
more, but for the tenth article of the treaty of
1846. By the treaty of 1835^removal was fixed at
$20, and subsistence at $33 33 per head, and the
treaty fund from which they were to be subtracted,
$5,600,000. By the treaty of 1846 the fund
was $6,647,067, from which removal and subsist-
ence were to be subtracted, at whatever amounts
the Government had paid. To this arrangement
all the Cherokees were parties, and bound by it,
except the Eastern Cherokees, who were ex-
pressly excepted by the tenth article.
By this agreement of General Scott the removal
and subsistence of these Indians amounted to the
sum of $2,959,196 26, while by the treaty of
1835, allowing $53 33 per head, the amount would
have been only $961,326 58. That is the amount
for the removal of 18,026 Indians, the number re-
moved, at the rate fixed by the treaty of 1835.
Now, the Eastern Cherokees claim that that is the
entireamountforsubsistenceand removal that can
be taken from their fund under the treaties. The
Government has paid all the money that they ever
stipulated to pay. The whole fund was paid over
—paid over in this way.
By the final settlement, February 27, 1851, all
of the amount for subsistence and removal was
added up, according to the stipulations of the ninth
: article of the treaty of 1846; and these amounts,
together with the other sums enumerated, put to-
gether, and the total subtracted from the treaty fund
of 1846. The Western Cherokees, therefore, ha.ve
no wrong to complain of. The money they used
in removal and subsistence was taken out of the
general fund. ButtheEastern Cherokeesought not
to be protected in their rights, under the treaty of
1835, notwithstanding any settlement or laws made
under the treaty of 1846, when the tenth article of
that treaty reserves all their rights and claims
under the treaty of 1835. The Western Chero-
kees, in addition to the treaty of 1846, are pre-
cluded from any further claim by the settlement
of February 27, 1851, which is in these words:
" For the payment to the Chetokee nation, the sum of
$724,603 37, and interest on the above sum, at the rate of
seven per centum per annum, trom the 12lh day of June,
1838, until paid, shall be paid to them out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated ; but no interest,
shall be paid after the 1st day of April, Iti51, if any. portion
of the money is then left undrawn by the said Cherokees :
Provided^howerer, That the sum now appropriated shall he
in full satisfaction, and a final settlement of all claims and
demands whatsoever of the Cherokee nation against the
United States under any treaty heretofore made with he
Cherokees. And said Cherokee nation shall, upon the
payment of said ?*um of money, execute and deliver to the
United States a full and final discharge of all claims and
demands whatsoever on the United Slates, except for such
annuities in money or specific articles of property as the
United States may be bound by any treaty to pay to said
Cherokee nation; and except, also, such moneys and lands,
if any, as the TTnited States mav hold in trust for said Chero-
kees : And j>r oouled further, That the money appropriated.
111 this item shall be paid in strict conformity with the treaty
with said Indians of 6ib August, 1846."'
Here, then, is fi final settlement under the treaty
of 1846; and with whom? With the Cherokee
nation, and not with the Cherokees, who have
abandoned their tribal character, and have become
citizens ot the States, under the treaty of 4835.
Individual Cherokees, who were citizens of Slates
east of the Mississippi river, at the date of the
passage of the law, are not barred by it, but are
m good faith still entitled to their proportionate
share of all moneys justly due under the treaty
of 1835-'36, before it was modified by the treaty
of 1846. This construction is sustained by the
second proviso:
"Jlndyrovided further, Thaf the money appropriated in
this item shall be paid in strict conformity with tile tieaty
with said Indians, of 6th August, 1846."
The Cherokee nation, with John Ross at their
head, had removed to the Western Cherokee
country. He took with him not only his branch
of the tribe, but their laws and government, ahd
planted them upon the Cherokee country west,
secured by a former treaty. They were then the
Cherokee nation proper, and are such to-day.
The Cherokees still residing in the States have
become citizens of the States in which they reside.
Here was a final and conclusive settlement with
the Cherokee nation. The Western Cherokees,
then, have no claim upon this fund, and no claim
upon the Government.
Then what is there due to the Cherokees still
residing in the States? The Senate of the United
Stales was constituted umpire upon two points
which were submitted to them, and their decision
was to be final, and become a part of the treaty.
One question submitted to them was, whether
subsistence shall be charged at a greater rate than
§33 33 a head? By the report of the Senate
committee that sum was to be deducted from the
treaty fund, and no more. They found, at that
time, a balance due to the Cherokees of$627,230 40.
They also found due to them $96,999 42 for cer-
tain contingent expenses, which were improperly
charged to the general treaty fund, paid to the
various agents of the Government connected with
the removal of the Indians. For the United States,
under the fifth article of the supplement to treaty
of 1835, agreed to pay all the expenses of these
negotiations The Cherokees contended that the
amount expended by the United States for agents
was 'not within the meaning of that article of
the treaty. In that belief the Senate committee
concurred, and they reported that the sum of
<496,999 42 as due them on that account, being an
improper charge on the treaty fund.
These two sums taken together make the
amount of #724,603 37 as due to the whole Chero-
kees' to which should be added $189,422 76,
overcharged for subsistence, making the whole
amount due at that time, $914,026 13. The
Cherokees residing in the States have received,
their proportionate share of that amount. But
they claim a proportionate share of the difference
between the amount of subsistence, counted at
