2308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
From Wilmington, by New Antioch, Snow
Hill, New Vienna, Highland, Leesburg, Centre-
field, Greenfield, South Salem, and Latta's, to
Ch'llieothe.
Prom Wilmington, by Cuba, Martinsville,
Lynchburg, Sharpsville,and Willettville, to Hills-
boro'. .
From Winchester, by Milnersville, Paoli, and
Albany, to Port Washington.
From Woodville, by Whitestown, Ottawa,
Port Clinton, and Marblebead, to Sandusky.
From Woodsfield, by Lewisville, Summerfield,
Byrne, Stafford, Masterton, Harrietsville, Middle
Creek, Regnier'a Mills, Aurelia, Lower Salem,
Bonn, and Fearing, to Marietta.
From Woodsfield, by Graysville, Antioch,
Cochran's Landing, Jolly, Flint's Mills, Law-
rence, and Lower Lawrence, to Marietta.
From Wooster, by Mooreland, Mill Brook,
Shreve, Nashville, and Black Creek, to Hum-
phreysville.
From Wooster, by Plain, Reedsburg, Jerome-
ville, Haysville, Mifflin, Mansfield, Ontario, Rib-
lett's, Gallon, and Olentangy, to Bucyrus.
From Wooster, by Smithville, Marshallville,
Easton, Chippewa, Johnson's Corners, New
Portage, Akron, Middlebury, Tallmadge, Brim-
field, Ravenna, Charlestown, Parisville, and
Newton Falls, to Warren.
From Wooster, by New Pittsburg, Rorr's,
Ashland, and West Windsor, to Mansfield.
From Wooster, by Blacklyville, Mohican, and
McKag, to Perryville.
From Wooster, by Robinson's Woolien Fac-
tory, Uniontown, and Lafayette, to Savannah.
From Wooster, by Cooper, Cedar Valley,
Congress, West Salem, Hornersville, Spencer,
and Pennfield, to La Grange.
From Youngstown, by Church Hill, Vienna,
Fowler, Johnsonville, Gustavus, Lmdenville,
Cherry Valley, and Dorset, to Jefferson.
From Xema, by Alpha, Zimmerman's, Wil-
liamstown, Dayton, Liberty, N ew Lebanon, John-
sonville, West Alexandria, Eaton, Upshur, New
Westville, Richmond, Indiana, Centreville, East
Germantown, Cambridge, Dublin, Lewisville, Og-
den,Raysville, Knightstown, Charlotteville, Kin-
nard, Greenfield, Philadelphia, and Cumberland,
to Indianapolis.
From Youngstown, by Hubbard, Brookfield,
Hartford, Vernon, Kinsman's, YVilliamsfield,
Andover, Richmond Centre, Pierpont, Monroe
Centre, and South Ridge, to Conneaut.
From Youngstown, by Coitsville, to New Bed-
ford, Pennsylvania.
From Young Hickory, by High Hill and Ridge-
way, to Duncan's Falls.
From Zanesville, by Putnam, White Cottage,
Fukonham, Sego, Somerset, Rushville, West
Rushville, Lancaster, Clear Creek,Tarlton, Camp
Charlotte, Kingstown, Chillicothe, Bourneville,
Bainbridge, Ralnsboro', Dallas, Hillsboro', New
Market, Sugar Tree Ridge, Scott, Eckmanville,
Bentonville, Bradyville, and Aberdeen, to Mays-
■ville, Kentucky.
From Zanesville, by Duncan's Falls, Blue Rock,
Rokeby, McConnellsville, Neelysville, Beverly,
Wn'erford, Coal Run, and Lowell, to Maiietta.
From Zanesville, by Shannon, to Frazeys-
burg.
From Zanesville, by West Zanesville, Mus-
kingum, Dresden, Adam's Mills, Conesville, Ros-
coe, Coshocton, Canal, Keen's, Clark's, Millers-
burg, Holmesville, and Fredericksburg, to Woos-
ter.
From Zanesville, by Hopewell, Gratiot,
Brownsville, Linville, Jacksontown, Hebron,
Itirkersville, Etna, Reynoldsburg, and Hibernia,
to Columbus.
From Zanesville, by Putnam, Newton, Rose-
ville, Deaverton, Triadelphia, Hall's Valley, and
Malta, to McConnellsville.
From Zanesville, by'East Greenwich, Adams-
ville, Otsego, and Plamfield, to White Eye Plains.
From Zanesville, by Chandlersville and Rich
Hill, to Cumberland.
From Zonesville, by Rix's Mills, Chandlers-
ville, and Fulland's, to Cumberland.
From Zanesville, by Symmes's Creek, Saint-
field, and Will's Creek, to Coshocton.
From Zanesville, by Lexington, New Lancas-
ter, Circleville, Washington, Wilmington, and
Morrow, to Cincinnati.
From Zanesville, by Nashport, Hanover, Clay
Lick, Newark, Pataskala, Columbia Centre, Hi-
bernia, and Black Lick, to Columbus.
Michigan.—From Abscota to Pine Creek.
From Adrian to Parker's Corners, in Lenawee
county.
From Adrian, by Fairfield and Lyons, to Otta-
kee, Ohio.
From Adrian, by Rome, Mendon, Addison,
Wheatland Centre, Adams, and North Adams, to
Jonesville.
From Adrian, by Rome, Centre, Springville,
Cambridge, and Brooklyn, to Napoleon.
From Adrian, by Tecumseh, Clinton, Man-
chester, and Napoleon, to Jackson
From Ada, by Smyrna, Alton, and Vergennes,
to Otisco.
From Albion to Homer.
From Allegan, by Holland, to Grand Haven.
From Allegan, by Trowbridge, Cheshire,
Bloommgdale, and Waverly, to Pawpaw.
From Allegan, by Pine Plain and Manlius, to
Saugatuck.
From Allegan to Pawpaw.
From Almont, by Dryden, Amboy, and Etna,
to Farmer's Creek.
From Ann Arbor, by Webster, Nbrthfield,
Hamburgh, and North Hamburgh, to Howell.
From Battle Creek, by Climax Prairie, West
Climax, Pavilion, Brady, Schoolcraft, Prairie
Ronde, Decatur, Little Prairie Ronde, and Pick-
ett's Corners, to La Grange.
From Battle Creek, by Bedford, Johnstown,
Bristolville, Baltimore, Hastings, Irving, Middle-
ville, Caledonia, and Whitneysville, to Grand
Rapids.
From Battle Creek, by Abscota and Union City,
to Culdwater.
From Battle Creek, by Yorkville, Richland,
Prairieville, Fulton, Yankee Springs, Middleville,
Caledonia, and Whitneysville, to Grand Rapids.
From Bellevue, by Kalamo and Veimontville,
to South Cass.
From Blissville, by East Ogden and West
Ogden, to Fairfield.
From Bridgeport, by Frankenmuth and Worth,
to Vassar.
From Brighton, by North Brighton, Hartland,
and Tyrone, to Fentonville.
From Bronson's Prairie to Orlanda, Indiana.
From Brooklyn, by Columbia, Liberty, South
Jackson, and Bennett's Corners, to Spring Arbor.
From Brownstown, by Woodville, Huron,
Romulus, Belleville, and Rawsonville, to Ypsi-
lanti.
I From Camden, by Morganville, Bird, Attica,
Morenchi, Chesterfield, Lyons, Metamora, and
' Riga, to Whiteford.
From Cassapolis, by Edwardsburg and Adams-
ville, to Elkhart, Indiana.
From Charlotte, by Chester and South Cass, to
Boston.
From Charlotte, by Carlisle, Bellevue,'Verona,
and Penfield, to Battle Creek.
From Charlotte, by Chester, Roxana, and
Danby, to Portland.
From Clayton, by Canandaigua and Medina,
to Morenci.
From Clayton, by Dover, to Seneca.
From Clinton, by Benton, Salem,and Pittsfield,
toYpsilanti.
From Columbus, by Memphis, EastBerlin, and
West Berlin, to Almont.
From Constantine, by White Pigeon, to Three
I Rivers.
! From Corunna, by Humphrey Wheeler's, in
' New Haven, to Chesanning.
I From Corunna, by Owasso, Rush, Chesanning,
and St. Charles, to Saganaw.
From Croton, by Grand Traverse and Macki-
naw, to Saut St. Marie.
From Dexter, by Ingraham Centre, to Mason,
in Ingraham county.
From Dexter, by Unadilla, Stockbridge, and
Ingham, to Mason.
From Dexter, by Base Lake, Pinckney, East
Marion, and Marion, to Howell.
From Decatur Station, by Little Prairie Ronde,
Marcellus, Union, and Flowerfield Centre, to
Three Rivers.
From Detroit, by Ecoree, Trenton, Gibraltar,
Brownstown, Newport, Brest, Monroe, La Salle,
Erie, and Manhattan, to Toledo.
From Detroit to Cleveland.
From Detroit, on the Plymouth Plank Road,
through the townships of Greenfield, Redford,
Livonia, and Plymouth, to Northviile.
From Detroit to Sault Ste. Marie.
From Detroit, by Dearbornville, Wayne,South
Plymouth, Ypsilanti, Ann Arbor, Scio, Dexter,
Chelsea, Franciscoville, Grass Lake, Leoni, Mich-
igan Centre, Jackson, Barry, Gidley's Station,
Albion, Marengo, Marshall, Ceresco, Battle
Creek, Charleston, Galesburg, Comstock, Kala-
mazoo, Paw Paw, Mattawan, Lawton, Decatur,
Dowagiac, Niles, Buchanan, Dayton, New Buf-
falo, and Michigan City, Indiana, to Chicago,
Illinois.
From Detroit, by Roseville, Mount Clemens,
New Haven, Columbus, St. Clair, and Mack's
Place, to Port Huron.
From Detroit, by the Plank Road, Mount
Clemens, and Almont, to Lapeer.
From Detroit, by Royal Oak and Birmingham,
to Pontiac.
From Detroit, by Greenfield, Redford, Plank
Road, Farmington, Novi, Hicksville, New Hud-
son, Kensington, Brighton,Genoa, Howell,Flem-
ing, Fow!ersville,Phelpstown,Williamstown, and
Sanford, to Lansing.
From Dewitt, by Bingham and Greenbush, to
Duplain.
From Dewitt, by Riley and Westphalia, to
Maple.
From Dowagiac, by La Grange, Cassopolis,
Vandalia, Newburg, and Three Rivers, to Cen-
treville.
From Dundee, by Summerfield and Lamberts-
ville, to Toledo, Ohio.
From Eagle Rtver, by Beasley's, Torch Lake,
Portage Lake, and Houghton, to Portage Entry.
From Eikhart to Goshen.
From Farmington, by North Farmington, West
Bloomfield, and Pine Lake, to Pontiac.
From Flint, by Genesee, Thetford, Pine Run,
Bridgeport, Bridgeport Centre, and East Saga-
naw, to Saganaw.
From Fredonia, by Lima and Chelsea, to Syl-
van. .
From Goodrich, by Davisonville, Davison
Centre, Richfield, Forest, Vassar, Frankenhielf,
and Bloomfield, to Lower Saginaw.
From Grand Haven, by Muskegon, White
Lake, Pentwater, Perie, and Point Sauble, to
Wellanisteen.
From Grand Haven to Milwaukie.
From Grand Rapids, by Austerlitz, North
Carmon, Courtland, and Oakfield, to Greenville.
From Grand Rapids to Croton, in Newago
county. .
From Grand Rapids, by Indian Creek, Pleas-
ant, Pmtler's Corners, Casnovia, and Newago,
to Croton.
From Grand Rapids, by Grandville, Tall-
madge, Steele's Landing, Polk ton, Ottawa Cen-
tre, Crockery Creek,Nortonville,and MillPoint,
to Grand Haven.
From Grand Rapids, by Grandville, George-
town, Allendale, and Ottawa, to Grand Haven.
From Grand Rapids, by Loomisville, Berlin,
Wright, and Ravenna, to Muskegon.
From Grand Rapids, by Grandville, to Flo'land.
From Grand Rapids, by Austerlitz, Cannons-
burg, Bostwick, Lake, Grattan, and Otisco, to
Greenville.
From Green Bay, by Little Bay, No Q,ueh,
Esconabee River, Carp River, Keewenan Bay,
Eagle River, Eagle Harbor, and Copper Harbor,
to Lake Superior.
From Groveland, by Holly Mills, Holly Rose,
White Lake, and Highland, to Kensington.
From Groveland, bv Holly Rose, Highland,
and Milford, to New Hudson.
From Hastings, by Alto, to Flat River.
From Hastings to Woodland.
From Hastings to Galesburg.
From Hillsdale, by Ransom, Wood's Corners,
and Cass, to Medina.
From Howell, by Oak Grove, Deer Creek, Tus-
cola, Burns, and Fremont, to Shiawassee.
From Howell, by Marion, Josco, Middletown,
I and White Oak, to Ingham.
From Hudson, by Cass and Domestic, Ohio, to
West Unity.
From Ionia, by Wheatland and Otisco, to Green-
ville.
From Ionia, by Boston, South Boston, and
Carlton, to Hastings.
