740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
$33 33 per head, and the amount paid to John
Hose, under the arrangement with General Scott.
This they claim under the treaty of 1835. What,
then, were their rights under that treaty and the
supplement thereto ? "Whatever they were, they
remained unaffected by the treaty of 1846.
The amount the Government agreed to pay by
the treaty of 1835, and the supplement thereto,
was     $5,600,000 00
Theexpenditures provided for.in the
15th article of said treaty that are
to be deducted from this sum, the
items of which are given on the
third page of the Senate's report,
amount to  $4,028,653 45
"Which, being deducted from the
, treaty fund, leaves for per capita
distribution among all the Chero-
kees, east and west $[,571,346 53
But the Cherokees east, have re-
ceived their proportionate share of $914,026 13
"Which, deducted, would leave, but
for titaty of 1846   $657,320 40 j
to be divided per capita among al! the Cherokees. j
But as the Cherokees east, by the tenth article of '
the treaty of 1846, were not in any way to be i
affected in their rights and claims under the treaty 1
of 1835, by anything contained in the treaty of 1
1846, they are therefore entitled to their propor-!
donate share of the $657,320 40; to which should ;
be added $22,212 76, the amount charged for
Cherokee committee, urd which was improperly 1
deducted from the treaty fund, as it is not one of
the items specified m the fifteenth article of the !
treaty, by which the kind of expenditure is fixed ;
that is to be deducted from said fund. By the '
supplemental article to the treaty of 1835, £>600,000 j
was agreed upon, "to include the expense of re 1
moval and all claims of every nature and descrip-1
tion against the Government of the United States ;
not her ein other wise expressly pi ovided /'or. " A n
amount for removal and spoliations, exceeding
§600,000, could not, therefore, be deducted fiom
the treuty fund. But.the cost of removing the
eighteen thousand and twenty-six Indians, being
the number removed, at $20 |>er head, amounts to
the sum of .$360,,">20 00
And there was charged for spoliations, 264,^94 09
Making in all, for removal and spolia-
tions.  $625,414 09
being $25,414 0!) gieater than the amount pro-
vided for in the treaty, and therefore improperly
deducted from the treaty fund, and winch amount
should therefore be added to the $0.">7j320 40,
miking the whole amount justly due to the Cher-
okees under ihe treaty of 1835, $704,047 16, of
which the Cherokees east would be entitled to
their proportionate share; the Cherokees went be-
ing concluded by the tiealv of 1846. Divide this
sum equally between s'xtcen thousand two hun-
dred and thirty-one, this being the number of
Cherokees both east and west by the census of
1851, under which the $914,026 13 was paid pa
capita, and it would give each person $13 43 per
head. But the Western Cheiokees have no further
claim to per capita, being concluded by the treaty
of 1846 and the final settlement of February 27,
1851; and the number of Cherokees east by the
census aforesaid, who are entitled to per capita,
being two thousand one hundred and thufy-
three, at die rate of $-33 43 per head, would give
them in the aggregate, as (heii piopoi tionnfe shfir e
of this amount still due, the sum of $92,625 19,
which we have reported with interest from the
14th of December, 1^52, fo the time of payment.
We have reported interest for this reason: The
question was submitted to the Senate, whether the
Government should pay interest from the time the
money became due. The Senate agreed to allow
interest at live per cent, from that time; but your
committee did not feel authorized to discontinue
the practice which they believe to be a sound one,
of refusing to pay interest upon all claims against
the Go vernment until the proofs and papers are
completed and filed. They have, therefore, re-
ported in favor of allowing interest from the time
the papers were filed in this House, and referred
to a committee. They thought proper to allow
interest from that time, because, if the Govern-
ment fails to dispatch its business and to liquidate
its debts, the honest claimant ought not to suffer
therefor.
Sir, the principal points upon which I have
touched in explaining this claim are contained in
the report the Indian Committee instructed me to
make. Should gentlemen desire to consult it, I
will call their attention to some typographical
errors which it contains. On the 2d page, 1st
article of treaty of 1846, should be 10th; on the
3d page $757,320 40, should be $657,320 40, and
''capitations'' should be "spoliations;" and on
the 9th page $1,047 67, should be $1,047,067. j
Sir, if there be any tribe, or any portion of a j
tribe of Indians, with whom this Government
should faithfufly keep all its guarantees, the Cher-
okees, now remaining in the States, are such a
people. They entered into a treaty with your
Government, against the remonstrance of the chief
of the tribe and a large portion of its members,
to save themselves from a forcible removal from
the land of their fathers. They entered into it
after Georgia had extended the jurisdiction of her
laws over them, and turned them out of their
homes. They entered into thus arrangement,
having ever stood the firm and the fast friends
of the white man. They marcher! with General
Jackson and our countrymen in defense of the
country against the hostile Creeks. They have
ever warred on the side of the Government, and
have been true to its citizens. At the special in-
stigation and request of the Government they came
forward and signed a treaty, to save a conflict
between the State of Georgia and the General
Government. Georgia was claiming that the
Government should remove the Indiana out of her
limits. She wan asser ting; her jurisdiction over all
the territory within her limits ps she had a right
to do. The Government then solicited these men
to enter into the treaty. For so doing death was
their lot. Many fell by the hand of the Ross
party. Tho>e who now remain in the States dare
not go into the Western Cherokee country. These
are the men who claim justice at your hands.
Thev only <~u^k the fnllillment of ti eatv stipulations,
and cei tainly there can be no hesitancy in granting
to them whatever i ights are secured to them under
Government treaties. *
JVIr HOUSTON. 1 did not intend taking the floor
if any gentleman desired to address the committee
during the time remaining previous to the hour at
which this debate terminates. But as there are
only a few minutes left, which other gentlemen
seem disinclined to occupy, i will say a few words
in relation to the amendment which has just been
argued by my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Grow.] Before, however, 1 approach that branch
of the observations which I intend to submit, I
desire to caii the attention of the committee to the
amendments of the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs. By reading the document, No. 38,
which was laid upon our tables on yesterday, it
will be discovered that the appropriations contained
in those amendments are mostly intended to au-
thorize the negotiation of treaties between the Gov-
ernment of the United States and various Indian
tribes in Oregon, "Washington, New Mexico, and
Utah Territories. I am willing to admit that I am
not so well ad vised as my friend from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Oru] in regard to the propriety and
necessity of these appropriations—the estimates
having been sent to the committee of which he is
chairman, and I not having known of or had an
opportunity to examine them; but I propose, how-
ever, to submit to the committee a few thoughts in
relation to them.
It seems to me, Mr. Chairman, from the in-
formation contained in the documents to which I
have i eferred, that the treaties hei e proposed to be
made are for the acquisition of territory which we
do not now need, and will not, in ali probability,
j for a quarter or half century to come. Wepropose
j to mark out and restrict the boundaries of Indian
! tribes who, wild and roaming, know nothing about
^ treaties or the obligations growing out of them,
I and to acquire, by this attempt at restricting the
■ wild Indians, territory not demanded, or likely
I soon to be, by the public interest. For that rea-
! son, it seems to me, this committee o"ght to con-
: sider well the policy, the tendency of the proposi-
! ttons, and what it intends to do, before it acts.
; The se are grave and important propositions, ex-
t°nding, and, as I think, conipjicahng,our Indian
i system and relations—assuming responsibilities
( with, and incurring obligations towards, the wild
j and ro\ing Ind'an who is entirely beyond the
1 most remote borders of our settlements.
Some few years since, many treaties were made
with the Indians m the Territory of Oregon.
Those treaties were so improperly made that they
have been either rejected by the Senate, or, for
some reason, they have not been ratified and agreed
to. The proposition to negotiate treaties with the
Indian tribes in Oregon, 1 have no doubt, is, to
some extent, right and proper; and the same may
be true, to a limited extent, in relation to the In-
dians in Washington, New Mexico, and Utah. It
appears to me that an appropriation of money is
not needful for the purpose of making treaties
with those wild Indians whose haunts and roving
grounds are far beyond where the white man ever
goes, and who do not infest the routes to our dis-
tant States and Territories; and especially is this
objection well taken to the talk which is proposed
to be had with the Blackfeet, Grosventres, and
other wild tribes of the mountains. It does seem
to me that an approprietion of $100,000 for the
purpose of bringing together those wild, harmless,
and scattered tribes, with the view to a "talk"
with them, is an expenditure of money not de-
manded by the public interest.
Mr. ORR., (interrupting.) One of the objects
of holding this council, is for the pur pose of trying
to secure, if possible, a permanent peace between
these Blackfeet and other wild tribes, and the
semi-civilized Indians in Washington and Oregon.
I will state, further, that these Blackfeet Indians
are constantly making incursions on the whites,
and assailing the emigrant trains going to Oregon.
They roam from latitude fifty-two or fifty-three,
in the British possessions, down to the line of
New Mexico; they traverse that whole region of
country.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, sir, I do not so under-
stand the facts in relation to that tribe; and unless
the gentleman from South Carolina has reliable
information on the subject, I must still be per-
mitted to doubt the accuracy of his history. They
roam high up on the Missouri river, beyond the
junction of the Yellow Stone, and thence unto the
mountains, and never come so far south as the
routes of our emigrant trams.
But, sir, I pass from this branch of the subject
for the purpose of presenting some views in iela-
tion to the amendment which has been urged by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,]
although I labor under the inconvenience and dis-
advantage of not having had access to the docu-
ments and papers which present that claim in its
true light. It is true the gentleman made a repoit
on the subject from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, but that report was only laid on our
tables yesterday evening. It involves an exam-
ination of some half dozen treaties, reports, and
statutes, and it is not a very reasonable supposi-
tion that it could be, in one short evening, properly
investigated and understood by any gentleman.
Nevertheless, i think I know enough about it to
show that the claim ought not to be agreed to and
allowed by this committee.
This claim is predicated upon and grows out of
the treaty of December, 1835. We had negotiated
many treaties with the Cherokees previous to that
time, but the treaty of 1835 is the beginning, I
believe, of this claim. By that treaty, to which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] has
made extensive reference, the Government of the
United States agreed to pay to the Cherokee In-
dians, both west and east, (for in our treaties
with them they were regarded as but one tribe,)
$5,000,000 for their lands east of the Mississippi
river. The whole consideration of the purchase,
as ongirsally made in that treaty, was $5,000,000
for their entire possessions east. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania has argued to show that, hy
that treaty, we also bound ourselves to pay for
their removal west and oneyear's subsistence. In
that he is mistaken; no such provision is to be
found m that treaty. On the contrary, it, in ex-
press terms, provides that the expenses of removal
and subsistence shall be paid by the tribe, and to
be deducted from the treaty fund. Thegentleman
says he does not controvert the statement I have
made.
Mr. GROW. I did not intend to argue that
the expenses of the removal and subsistence ofthe
Indians should come out of the $5,000,000, but
out of the &GOO.OOO which were appropriated by a
supplementary treaty.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman does not
seem to understand me. I have not as yet said
