1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2309
From Ionia, by Avon, Rix, Flat River, and
Ada, to Grand Rapids.
From Jackson, by Spring Arbor, Concord,
Pulaski, and Scipio Centre, to Jonesville.
From Jackson, by Tompkins, Otter Creek,
Eaton Rapids, and Eaton, to Charlotte.
From Jackson, by West Rivers, Aurelius, Les-
lie, Eden, Mason, and Delhi Centre, to Lansing.
From Jackson, by South Jackson, Liberty
Mills, Somerset, Addison,and Rollin, to Hudson.
From Jackson, by South Henrietta, Henrietta,
Bunker Hill, and Felts, to Mason.
From Jonesville, by Litchfield, Homer, and
Eckford, to Marshall.
From Kalamazoo, by Ynouski, to Yankee
Springs.
From Kalamazoo, by Waverly, Breedsville,
Hunter, South Haven, Ganges, and Johnson's,
to Newark.
From Kalamazoo to Richland.
From Kalamazoo, by Martin, Bradley, Way-
land, Cuba, and Paris, to Grand Rapids.
From Kalamazoo, by Vicksburg, Park Reserve,
and Centreville, to Sturgis.
From Kalamazoo, by Portage, Schoolcraft, and
Flowerfield, to Three Rivers.
From Kalamazoo, by Cooper, Plainwell, and
Otsego, to Allegan.
From Lakeville, by Oxford, Brandon, and Eagle
Lake, to Groveland.
From Lakeville, by Fillmore, to Almont.
From Lakeville, by Mount Pleasant, Romeo,
Ray, Armedia, and Richmond, to Columbus.
From L'Anse, by Ontonagon and La Pointe, to
Fond du Lac, in Minnesota Territory.
From Lansing, by Windsor, Eaton Rapids,
Springport, Clarence,and Rice Creek, to Marshall.
From Lansing, by Alverson, Woodhull, Perry,
and Antrim, to Byron.
From Lansing, by Delta, Grand Ledge, Mud
Creek, Danby, and Sibewa, to South Cass.
From Lansing, by Eagle, Portland, Maple, and
Lyons, to Ionia.
From Lansing, by Oneida, Chester, Vermont-
ville, Merritt, Hastings, Glass Creek, Gun Lake,
Bradley, Fogo, and Proctor, to Allegan.
From Lansing, by West Windsor, Charlotte,
Walton, and Olivet, to Marshall.
From Lansing, by Dewitt, Lainsburg, Enter-
prise, and Hartwellville, to Byron.
From Lapeer, by Lathrop's Mills, Oregon,
Neven's Mills, Marathon, Hay's Mills, and
Fourt, to Pine Run.
From Lawton to Paw Paw.
From Lexington, by Bark Shanty, Cherry
Creek, Forestville, Chase's Mills, Elm Creek,
Whitcomb's Mills, and Brakeman's Mills, to
Point Aux Barques.
From Lock's Station, by Burr Oak and Oporto,
to Centreville.
From Lyons, by Fair Plains, Ronald Centre,
and North Plains, to Greenville.
From Manchester to Chelsea.
From Manchester to Grass Lake.
From Marquette, by L'Anse, to Eagle River.
From Marquette, by Little Bay de Noquet, to
Green Bay.
From Marshall, by North Marshall, Believue,
South Assyria, Assyria, Maple Grove, Castleton,
and Hastings, to Middleville.
From Marshall, by Teconsha, Burlington,
Union City, Sherwood, Leonidas, Nottaway,
Centreville, and Florence, to Constantinople.
From Marshall, by Teconsha and Girard, to
Cold Water.
From Marshall, by Cedar Lake, Newton, and
Culver, to Abscota.
From Menominee river to Keewenaw Point,
Lake Superior.
From Minnesota Mine to mouth of Ontonagon
river.
From Minnesota Mine, along the mineral range,
by the Forest, and Norwack Mines, to Lake
Agoyiber.
From Monroe, by Grafton, Exeter, Oakville,
and Paint Creek, to Ypsilanti.
From Monroe, by Dunkirk, to Buffalo.
From Monroe, by Flat Rock, Taylor, Browns-
town, and Dearbornville, to Detroit.
From Monroe, by East Raisinville, North Rai-
sinville, London, Milan, York, Saline, and Lodi,
to Ann Arbor.
From Monroe, by Ida, Summerfield, and Deer-
field, to Adrian.
From Morenci, by Gorham, Mill Creek, Do-
mestic, West Unity, and Lockport, to Evansport.
From Moscow, by Somerset, Wheatland, and
Pittsford, to Hudson.
From Mount Clemens, by Vienna, Ray, and
Ray Centre, to Romeo.
From Mount Clemens, to Romeo, in Macomb
county, via the Plank Road.
From Mount Clemens, by Little's and Ira, to
Algonac.
From Niles, by Berrien Springs, to St. Joseph.
From Ontonagon, to the Southeast quarter of
section eleven, township forty-nine, range forty-
one, in the county of Ontonagon.
From Otsego, by Watson, Dorr, and Bryant,
to Grand Rapids.
From Owasso, by Rush, to Chesaning.
From Owasso, by Bennington, Middleburg,
Victor, Bengal, Dallas, and Stony Creek to Ly-
ons.
From Owasso, by Hall, Duplin, Greenbush,
Essex, and Matherton, to Lyons.
From Paw Paw, by Lawrence, Arlington,
Breedsville, and Hunter, to South Haven.'
From Paw Paw, by Prospect Lake, Hamilton,
Keelersville, Bambridge, and Millbury, to St.
Joseph.
From Pine Run, in Genesee county, to Arbda
Centre, in Tuscola county.
From Pitickney, by Plainfield, White Oak, and
Wheatfield, to Williamstown.
From Plymouth, by Borodino and Superior, to
Ann Arbor.
From Portage Lake to Anse Bay.
From Pontiac, by Waterford Centre, White
Lake, Rose, Fentonville, Tyrone, Linden, Argen-
tine, Byron, Vernon, Shiawasse, and Corunna, to
Owasso.
From Pontiac by Ball Mountain, NewCanan-
daigua, Oxford, Metamora, and Farmer's Creek,
to Lapeer.
From Pontiac, by Waterford Centre, Com-
merce, Milford, Highland, Hartland,and Occola
Centre, to Howell.
From Pontiac, by Waterford, Austin, Clark-
son, Springfield, Groveland, Stony Run, and
Grand Blanc, to Flint.
From Pontiac, by Mahopac, Jersey, Brandon,
Campbell's Corners, Rural Vale, to Farmer's
Creek.
From Pontiac, by Clarkston, Eagle Lake, Good-
rich, Davidsonville, Davidson Centre, Rushfield,
Forest, and Vassar, to Lake Saginaw.
From Pontiac, by Auburn, Troy, Plumb Brook,
Utica, and Sacker's, to Mount Clemens.
From Pontiac, by Strait's Lake, Walled Lake,
South Lyons, and Gravel Run, to Ann Arbor.
From Port Huron, by Burchville, to Lexington.
From Q,uincy to Alleghany.
From Gluincy, by Butler and Clarendon, to
Huron.
From Reading, by Edinburg, Clear Lake,
Indiana, to Mets.
From Rochester, by Mount Vernon and Mere,
to Romeo.
From Romeo, by Pinery, Scottville, Albertson-
ville, Brockway, Lynn, and Merrillsville, to Port
Huron.
From Royal Oak, by Troy, Rochester, and
Oakland, to Lakeville.
From Royal Oak, by Big Beaver, Utica, Shelby,
Washington, and Romeo, to Almont.
From Saganaw, by the eastern side of the
Lower Peninsula and Duncan, on Sheboygan Bay,
to Mackinac.
From Saganaw to Grand Traverse Bay.
From Saganaw, by Duncan and Mackinaw, to
Saut Ste. Marie.
From Saline, by Union District, Bridgewater,
Silver Lake, and Sharon, to Grass Lake.
From Saugatuck to South Haven.
From Saut Ste. Marie, by Mackinaw and Dun-
can , to Saganaw.
From Saut Ste. Marie to Ontonagon.
From Saut Ste. Marie to Fort Wilkins, on
Lake Superior.
From Saut Ste. Marie, by Grand Island, to
, Marquette.
h From Shawano, Wisconsin, by mouth of the
il Ontonagon River, Michigan, Forks of Ontonagon,
j! Minnesota, Adventure, Aztec, Douglass, Hough-
i: ton, and Algonquin Mines, Houghton, on Portage
jj Lake, Eagle River, and Eagle Harbor, to Copper
I Harbor.
From Shiawassee, by North Vernon, Swartz
Creek, Crockersville, Flint, and Kearsley's, to
Lapeer.
From St. Clair, by China, Belle River, and
Cottrellville, to Algonac.
From Stony Run, by Goodrich, Davidsonville,
and Hadley, to Farmer's Creek.
From Southfield, by Franklin, to Birmingham.
From South Haven to Saugatuck, at the mouth
of Kalamazoo, in Allegan county.
From Swartz Creek, in Genesee county, by
Gaines, to Byron.
From Tecumseh, by Tipton, Springville, Cam-
bridge, Woodstock, Somerset, and Moscow, to
Jonesville.
From Tecumseh, by Ridgeway Ridge and York,
to Ypsilanti.
From Toledo, Ohio, by Whitefield, Ottawa
Lake, Riga, Blissfield, Michigan, Palmyra, Adri-
an, Clayton, Hudson, Florida, Hillsdale, Jones-
ville, Sylvanus, duincy, Coklwater, Branch,
Batavia, Bronson's Prairie, Lock Station, Stur-
gis, White Pigeon, Bristol, Elkhart, Indiana,
Mishawaka, South Bend, Laporte, Coffee Creek,
and Calumet, to Chicago, Illinois.
From Wayne, by Nankin, Plymouth, and
Mead's Mills, to Northville.
From Wayne, by Romulus, Centre, and Hu-
ron, to Brownstown.
From West Rives, by Aurelius, to Delhi Cen-
tre, in Ingham county.
From White Pigeon, by Mottville, Union, Ad-
amsville, Edwardsburgh, Niles, Cottage Hill,
Indiana, and Terre Coupe, to Hudson.
From Warnerville, by Oak Plains, to Brighton.
From Ynouski, by Orangeville Mills, to Yan-
kee Springs, Barry county.
Indiana.—From Albion, by Springfield Mills,
Northport, Wolcott's Mills, Marcy, Fly Creek,
and Ontario, to Lima.
From Albion to Swan.
From Alexandria, by Frostsville, Independ-
ence, and Jones's Mills, to Jerome.
From Anderson, by Prosperity, to Alexandria.
From Andersonville, by Richland, Milroy,
Moscow, and Blue Ridge, to Shelbyville.
From Attica, by Rainesville, Andrew Hixod'8,
and Pine Grove, to Milford, Illinois.
From Auburn, by Fairfield Centre, Turkey
Creek, and Salem Centre, to Flint.
From Aurora, by Wilmington, Sparta, Moor'a
Hill, Milan, and Prattsburg, to Delaware.
From Aurora, by Wilmington, Sparta, Moor's
Hill, and Stringtown, to Versailles.
From Bainbridge, by Groveland, New Mayg-
ville, North Salem, and Jamestown, to Lebanon.
From Bedford, by Pinhook, Leesville, and
Woodville, to Brownstown.
From Bedford, by Bryantsville, Trinity Springs,
and Dover Hill, to Mount Pleasant.
From Bethlehem, by New Washington and
Oregon, to Lexington.
From Bloomfield,by Linton, to Carlisle.
From Boonsborough to Lebanon, via Fayette
and Thornleysville.
From Boonville, by Crowville and Polk Patch,
to Huntingburg.
From Bowling Green, by Bell Air, Anguilla,
Lewis, and Busroen Mills, to Carlisle.
From Bowling Green, by Joydan Village and
Santa Fe, to Gosport.
From Bowling Green, by Hausertown, to Point
Commerce.
From Bowling Green, by Plunge Creek, Lewis,
and Siloa, to Carlisle.
From Bowling Green to Brazil.
From Bradford, by West Bedford, Buffalo,
Pulaski, Winnamac, North Bend, Yellow River,
Sligo, Blissville, North Liberty, and Sumption
Prairie, to South Bend.
From Bradford, (or Monon,) by Cathcart, to
Rensselaer.
From Bremen, Ohio, by Fort Recovery, Port-
land, and Camden, to Hartford.
From Brownstown to Seymour.
From Brownstown to Rockford.
From Brownstown, by Houston, to Blooming-
i ton- J
From Brownstown, by Freetown, Muo, and
i Christiansburg, to Nashville.
I From Brookville, by Wynn, Mount Carmel,
|S Philanthropy, Ohio, Tariff, and Paddy e Run, to
