1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
741
anything about the supplementary treaty of 1836.
I say that the treaty of December, 1835, gave
$5,000,000 to the Indians for their possessions
East, and also expressly provided that the fund
thus created should pay the expenses ofremoval
and subsistence of the Indians. Is there any doubt
upon that point? If so, allow me to read from the
report of the Indian Committee of the Senate,
which was adopted by the Senate, in which the
same fact is stated. But the gentleman attempts
to shelter himself under the provisions of the treaty
of 1836. Let us see what additional light that
treaty sheds upon this subject? What was the*
treaty of 1836? About the time of the ratification
of the treaty of 1835, the Ross party of the Chei-
okee Indians filed a protest against its ratification,
and that protest was before the Senate at the time
of their action upon it. Nevertheless, the Senate
ratified it.
In view, however, of the fact that the Indians
were dissatisfied,and believed that they had been
misunderstood by the Government of the United
States; and having maintained, as they doubtless
believed, that the expenses of their removal and
subsistence should have been included and pro-
vided to be paid by the United States in the treaty
of 1835, a supplementary treaty was made be-
tween the same tribe of Indians and the United
States in 1836. In that supplementary treaty the
United States agreed, without any additional
consideration whatever, to pay $600,000 in addi-
to the $5,000,000 provided for in the treaty of
1835, which sum was intended to cover, as far as
its amount would go, the expenses of their re-
moval and spoliation, yet making no provision for
their subsistence West.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The hour at which it was
agreed by the House yesterday that general debate
upon this bill should cease has now arrived.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose I am entitled to
an hour to close the debate, but do not propose to
occupy an hour. I hope to get through my re-
marks in much less time.
This claim, Mr. Chairman, is important for two
considerations: First, because of the amount in 
volved in it; and, secondly, the principle upon
which it rests; for if we pass this amendment we
thereby devolve upon ourselves the obligation to
pay the Cherokees west their proportion of the
$704,000, out of which we are now called upon to
pay ^43 33 per capita to that part of the tribe re-
maining east; those west being entitled to the same
per capita allowances as those east. It will not do
for my friend from Pennsylvania to tell me that they
are precluded by treaty, or that they are precluded
by settlement, unless we paid them the money; if
we ever owed them the money, and have not paid
it, we should do so now; and if the gentleman
insists that the Cherokees west are precluded, I
will show him that the Cherokees east have been
precluded by the same treaty, the same settle-
ment, and the same law, fully and conclusively.
So that if we argue that we are to refuse to one
branch of the trihe their share of the $704,000, the
same argument will deny it to the other branch.
If we allow the Cherokees east to come in for a
share, we must, on every principle of fairness and
common honesty, allow the Cherokees west to do
the same; for if the amount ($704,000) is due at
all, it is d ue to the Cherokee nation, embracing those
west as well as east. I ask gentlemen upon what
principle they would allow it to the one branch
of the tribe and refuse it to the other? for if the
debt was ever due it was a debt in which all were
interested; and if it has never been paid they are
all now entitled.
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman from Ala-
bama permit me to correct him ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir. I am willing to
be interrupted and corrected if I am in error. I
want the facts to come out. I have no wish to
defeat a just debt; and if this can be made to ;
appear to me as just, I will at once cease my oppo- i
sition to it. ;
Mr. GROW. This is the reason why I think ;
that the Cherokees east are not precluded, and that 1
the Cherokees west are: The Cherokees west are
bound by the treaty of 184G, and by the subsequent
treaty of 1849. They are bound by the terms and
conditions ofthese treaties. The Government have
carried out and fulfilled on their part these terms ,
and conditions. The Indians cannot come in after- 1
wards and make claims. But in this treaty, which
binds the western Cherokees, there is an article—
the tenth—which contains an express provision to
the effect, that the rights of the eastern Cherokees,
under the treaty of 1835, are not to be affected by
it. That is the reason why I contend that one part
of the Cherokee nation is precluded, and that the
other is not precluded; because the same treaty
whose provisions include the eastern Cherokees
exclude the western.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am satisfied the gentleman
is laboring under an error; and if he will give me
his attention I think I will satisfy him when I
come to that branch of my argument, that the
eastern Cherokees were as much precluded by that
treaty settlement as the Cherokees west. The gen-
tleman, m the hurry of reply to me, stated, that
the treaty of August, 1846, was made with the
Cherokees west. In that he is also mistaken; that
treaty was made with the entire tribe; and its
obligations, provisions, and duties were effectual
alike upon all the Cherokees east and west.
The gentleman contends that the tenth article of
the treaty of 1846 reserved certain rights to the
Cherokees east, upon which he bases this claim.
I hope to be able to show him that the reservations
m that article apply to an entirely different thing,
and never were intended to admit the claim of one
branch of the tribe to a share of debt due the
entire tribe, and deny to the balance their share in
that debt.
In pursuing this subject further, we find, that in
1836, as 1 have already stated^ in order to quiet
and pacify the public mind of the nation in rela-
tion to the treaty of 1835, which had been made
by the United States with what they contended
was a minority of their tribe, what did the Gov-
ernment do? Although the treaty expiessly pro-
vided that the Indians should pay for their own
removal, subsistence, and spoliations, the Govern-
ment of the United States agreed to give them
$600,000, which was to cover, as far as it would
go, the expenses of removal, and the spoliations
the Indians had committed,and which the Govern-
ment had agreed to pay, and deduct the amount
from the treaty fund. This $G00,000 was a dona-
tion—a gratuity. No obligation rested upon the
Government to make it. No consideration passed
from the tribe or any part of it; it was given upon
the principle that always has and always should
actuate this Government, in dealing with the In-
dian tribes; that is, to be not only just but liberal,
to give too much rather than too little.
I do not object to this principle of action; on
the contrary, I hold, that in dealing with the In-
dians it is right and proper that we should so act
as to render it certain that they receive kindly
usage. We owe it to them as well as ourselves
to do so; and if I cannot show this committee that
we have dealt with them in that manner I will
abandon my opposition to this amendment. The
treaty of 1836, although giving what the Govern-
ment understood the Cherokees as then contending
for, failed to produce a permanent quietude m the
nation. For a time things were calm; but soon
discontent was again in their minds. It wasfound
that the expense of removal and subsistence was
much greater than had been supposed. What
was then done? In 1838 Congress passed a law,
by which was appropriated $1,047,067, for the
purpose of further aiding in the removal and sub-
sistence of those Indians. This sum was appro-
priated by Congress upon the same principle of
indulgence towards the Indians that had so prom-
inently marked our previous intercouise with
them. Withoutany obligation, legal, moral, or
otherwise, Congress appropriated that sum, for the
purpose of quieting the Indians, and reconciling
them to their removal.
Let us proceed further in the history of this trans-
action. Conflicting opinions still existed, and
angry feelings on the partof many of the Indians;
and in 1846, after all these provisions which have
been mentioned, after all these donations, (for all
appropriations afrer 1835 were mere donations.)
another treaty between the United States and the
Cherokee Indians, east and west, was concluded,
which was intended, and so expressed, to be a
final adjustment of all the difficulties between these
tribes and the Government. That treaty rectified
all the Government had done which the Indians
alleged to be wrong, but for fear some further
cause of dissatisfaction might afterwards exist, it
was agreed that the Senate of the United States
should say what the Indians were entitled to or
should have.
In pursuance of this provision, the Second Audi-
tor and the Second Comptroller of the Treasury
were appointed to examine, adjust, and report the
true state of the accounts between the Government
and the Cherokees, including those east as well as
west. They were to make a fair adjustment, and
they did make it, and thegentleman'has appended
it to his report. In 1849, after, the treaty of 1835
had been ratified for fourteen y^ars; after the Gov-
ernment had given the Indians, in 1836, $600,000;
after theGovernment again, in 1838, hadgiventhem
$1,047,000; after the Government had, in 1846, be-
stowed additional liberalities upon them, the Sec-
ond Auditor and the Second Comptroller, upon
the liberal principles ef adjustment indicated in
the various treaties and acts of Congress, and
under the direction of the Senate, reported that
the Government should pay them $627,603. The
Indians took exceptions to a class of items em-
braced in the report of the Second Auditor and
Second Comptroller, and charged to the treaty
fund, amounting in all to about $96,000. These
items were required by the treaty to be paid out
of the freaty fund. I presume the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will hardly controvert that. Not-
withstanding,theGovernmentgave up the$96,000,
which, added to the amount reported, made the
entire balance then due to or claimed by the Cher-
okees, including those east and west, to $724,000;
and in 1851 Congress appropriated that sum in
full settlement and final closing of all matters with
the entire Cherokee tribe, including all its parts or
factions.
" For payment to the Cherokee nation, the sum of $724,-
603 37, and interest on the above sum, at the rate of five
per centum per annum, from June 12, 1838, until paid, shall
be paid to them out of any money in theTreasury not other-
wise appropriated ; but no interest shall he paid after April
1, 1851, if any portion of the money is then lelt undiawn by
tlie &did Cherokees: Provided, however, That the sum now
appropriated shall be in full satisfaction and a final settle-
ment of all claims and -demands whatsoever of the Chero-
kee nation agauistthe United states, under any treaty here-
tofore made with the Cherokees. And the said Cherokee
nation shall, on the payment of said sum of money, execute
and deliver to the United States a full and final discharge
for all claims and demands whatsoever on the United States,
except for such annuities in money or specific articles of
propelty as the United States may be bound by any treaty
to pay to said Cherokee nalion, and except, also, such
moneys and lands, if any, as the United States may hold ia
tru>t lor said Cherokees : Jlnd jtrovided further, That the
money appropriated m this item shall be paid in strict con-
lorunty with the treaty with said Indians of August6,1846."
That is the act of 1851. The Indians east and
west agreed to its provisions; they claimed no
more; they received their portions under that, and
gave their full receipt against all other claims; and
that is, or should be, on file in the Department
now; and I regret the gentleman did not let us see
it as a part of this transaction. The Indians were
then satisfied, and I have no doubt they are satis-
fied now; they claimed no more; they had received
all they demanded; why was this claim not pre-
sented or thought of then ? ]Not a word was said
about it. Every one thought the matter was closed,
and this is an. after-thought.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman's statement is
not to be wondered at. This statement was made
just as the Committee on Indian Affairs of the
Senate were about to make their report. Mr.
Sebastian said that the committee had not time
then to consider it.
Mr. HOUSTON. That fact is not in Mr.
Sebastian's report. No mention is made of it.
I do not receive the gentleman's statement. 1 do
not question his veracity; but we have the papers
before us furnished by the gentleman's report,
and no such fact is in it. I reassert, then, what I
have already eaid, and I speak from the docu-
ments. Of course I cannot go into private declara-
tions or private1 history just brought up as the
matter is being disposed of.
It is said by the gentleman that theGovernment
should pay subsistence for one year after the In-
dians removed west, notwithstanding the treaty of
1835expressly says thecontrary; yetit is amusing
to see how easily 'gentlemen aigue themselves into
an opinion, or arrive at a conclusion they desire
to attain. In Mr. Sebastian's report, speaking
of* the amount that should be allowed for subsist-
ence, and whether the Government or the treaty
fund should pay it, I find a paragraph or two
which I beg permission to read. His entire argu-
ment, as well as the express language of the
treaty, says the treaty fund should pay it; yet he
