1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1451
the rules, to submit any such motion, unless it be
a question of privilege affecting some member of
this body, or the body itself.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I consider this to be
a question of privilege. 1 do not know how the
House will consider it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
House will allow the gentleman from Tennessee
to proceed, because, provided that privilege is ac-
corded to him, I wish to ask him a question arising
out of the debate of yesterday, as reported in the
Globe of this morning, m which he speaks of me
as an Abolitionist.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I call the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is entitled to the floor, and has the right to
address the House upon the subject of the bill be-
fore the House. The gentleman, however, was
proceeding to submit remarks which, m the opin-
ion of the Chair, are not in order; and being; called
upon to enforce the rule, he decides that the course
of remark indicated by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee is not in older, and cannot at this time
be pursued.
Mr. CHURCH WELL. I ask the Speaker
whether i can have a better opportunity to make
this explanation any other day than to-day ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman frcm Ten-
nessee must be aware, the Chair presumes, that it
is competent for the House to indulge these per-
sonal explanations at any time, by unanimous con-
sent, but that they are not in order except by
unanimous consent.
Mi. C1IURCHWELL. I have but one single
object in view. It is not to speak upon the Min-
nesota bill; it is to reply to a point made upon
me in this House, in the course of that peculiar
debate. Afterwards my colleague [Mr. Cullom]
inserted, in the report, language which he did not
utter in the House, and which I pronounce false
—infamously false 
The remainder of the sentence was lost amidst
shouts of ''Order!" and the confusion which
immediately ensued.
Mr. Cullom rose from his scat and rushed
towards Mr. Ciiurchwell with threatening ges-
tures. Members crowded around both gentle-
men and interposed between them. Amidst loud
shouts of t£ Order!" and the greatest confusion,
Mr. Cullom was heard to exclaim, u It's a lie."
The SPEAKER. The Sergeant-at-Arms will
restore order.
The Sergeant-at-Arms thereupon proceeded
with the mace of the House to the scene of the
difficulty, and after some minutes succeeded in
paitialiy restoring order.
Mr. SEWARD. I*hiove that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not hear any
motion until order is restored in the Hall.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will resume ;
his seat. !
Many members still standing in the area and j
around Messrs. Churchwell and Cullom. j
The SPEAKER. Can it be possible that the j
Chair must so often admonish gentlemen to resume |
their seats and preseive order? j
Order being restored, j
Mr. CHURCHWELL said: In compliance1
with my promise to the gentleman from Michi- !
gan, I renew the cali for the previous question. j
[Cries of "Order!"] !
The SPEAKER. In calling for the previous j
question, the gentleman from Tennessee is in j
order. f
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I prefer, Mr. Speaker, :
to yield the floor to the gentleman from Michigan, !
that he may cali for the previous question. j
Mr. STEVENS. Then I demand the previous |
question ? I
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to submit an amead- j
ment to the bill, and I hope that the demand for [
the previous question may not be seconded. j
Mr. STEVENS. I demand tellers on second- I
ing the call for the previous question. j
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell ;
and Houston were appointed. I
The question was taken; and the demand for j
the previous question received a second, the tellers j
having reported—ayes 77, noes 52. >
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. 1 demand the yeas !
and nays on ordering the main question to be now
put.
The-yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 93, r.ays 74; as follows: >
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, JamesC. Allen, Willis Al-
len, Appleton, Banks, BarkKlale, Harry, bell, Henton,Bh-s,
Breckinridge, liiooks, Campbell, Oaiuthei*, Chamberlain,
Chandlei, Clark, Chngman, Cobb. Coivvin, Crocker, John
G. Davis, Thomas Davis, De Witt. Disnej, Dovvdell,
Eastman, Eddy, Edinandf., -EllifOir, Farley, Floience,
Goodrich, Greenwood, Wiley P. Harris, ilairison, Hen-
dricks, Henn, Honsion, IIufihe>, Johnson, Roland Jones,
Knox, Lamb, Latham, Lindley, Lmdsley, Mace, Macy,
Maite&on, Majall, John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Nichoi®,
Noble, Norton, Olds, Mordeeai Oliver, Paiker, Penning-
ton, John Perkins, Phelps,Reese,Riddle. ThomasRvtchej,
Ru^ell, Sabm, Sapp, Seward, Singleton, Samuel A
Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
[I. Stanton, Aiexandei II. Stephens, Ilestor L. Stevens,
Stiaub, John L Taylor, Nathaniel G.Taylor, Thurston,
Tr.u y, Tweed, ITpham, Walker, Walley, Elhhu B. Wa.-h-
bnrne, ls rael Washburn, Wells, Tappan Wentwouh,
We-ubrook, Wheeler, Daniel B. Wright, and Hendrick B.
Wright—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Aehe, David J Bailey, Thomas II.
Bayly, Belcher, Benson, Bovce, Bridge*, Bnejr, Carpen-
ter, Cajdue, Cha&tain, ChriMnan, Colquitt, Cox, Craige,
Dick, Dickinson, Eiiimutdboii, John M. JSIJiott, Etheridjjc,
Faulkner, Fenton, Flagler, Fuller, Goode, Ciow, Hamil-
ton, Aaion Harlan, IIa>tings, Haven, Hill, Hillyer, Howe,
Hunt, Jngersoll, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jone->, J.
Olancv Jone*, K<'ilt, Kerr, Kuhvell, Kurtz, Letcher, Lilly,
McCulloch, McMulhn, May, Middlesvvarth, Milton,Moi-
gan, Munay, Andrew Oliver, Peck, Peckham, Bishop
Perkins, Powell, Pratt, Proton, Pnngle, Pun ear, Ready,
David Ritchie, Rufim, Shaw, Shower, Skelton, Geirit
Smith, William Smith, John J. Taylor, Trout, Vail, Van-
t-ant, Witte, and Zollicoffer—74.
So the main question was ordered to be now
put, being upon the motion to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. HAVEN. Upon that question I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Thequestion was then taken: and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 72, nays 97; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. A«he, David J. Bailey, Thomas II.
Bayly, Belcher, Bocoek, Boyce, Budges, Bub?, Oarpentei,
Caskie, Chastain, Colquitt, 0>\, Ci<ut:e, Cuius, l)uk,
Dickinson, Edmunds-on, John M P-lhoit, Etheridge, Faulk
THii, Fentfm, Flagler, Fuller, Guiding*,Goode, Giovv, Ham-
ilton, Aaron Harlan, Hastings, Iluven, Ilill, Hillyer, Howe,
Ingersoilj Daniel T. Jones, Geoige W. Jones., J Clancy
Jone , Kent, Kerr, Kidwell, Kurtz, Letcher, Lilly, Mc-
Culloch, MattehOn, May, Middlesvvarth, Millson,Moigan,
Munay, Andrew Oliver, Peck, Peekham, Bi>hop Perkm*,
Powell, Prait, Purjear, Ready, David Ritchie, RiitHn,
Shaw, Shower, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, William Smith,
John J. Taylor, Trout, Vail, Vansant, Witte, and ZulJi
collei—72.
NAYS—Me>srs. Abereiombie, James. G. Allen, Willis
Alien, Appleton, Banks. Barktdale, Barry, Bell, Benson,
Benton, Bliss, Breclvnmdc<\ Campbell, Caruthei*, Cham-
berlain, Chandler, Clark, Cliuginan, Cohh, Corwin, Crock-
er, Cullom, John G. Davi*, Thomas Davis, De Witt, Dis-
ney, Dowdell, Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, Edmands, Elli-
son, Eumg, Farley, Florence, Greenwood, Andrew J.
Hailan, Srimpj-on W. Harrn, Wiley P. Hams, Harrison,
Hendricks, Henn, Hushes, JohnMin, Roland Jone*, Knox,
Lamb, Latham, Lindley, LirnWev, Macy, >!ayall. John
G Miller, Smith Miller. Noble, Norton, Old*, Mordeeai
Oliver, Orr, Packer, Parker, Pennington, Phelps Pieston,
Pringle, llee^e, Riddle, Thomas Ritchey, Kns^eil, Sabm.
Sapp, Seward, Singleton, George W. Smyth,Frederick P.
Stanton, Rn-hard H. Stanton, Alexander II. Htepbent., lies-
tor L. Stevens, Stiaub, David Stuart, John L.Taylor, Na-
thaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Tra<-y, Tweed, Cpham,
Walker, Walley, Elhhu B. W;whburne, Israel Washburn, i
Wells, Tappan Wentworth, Wesibrook, Wheeler, Daniel j
B. Wright, and Hendrick B. Wright—97. >
So the motion was disagreed to. i
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I move to lay the j
bill upon the table. 1
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. Upon that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 66, nays 97; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Ashe,Thomas H KayJy, Belch-
er, Benton, Boeock, Boyce, Bridges, Bung, Carpenter,
! Caskie, Cba^tain, Chrisman, Ciaige, Curtis, Dick, Dick-
S inson, Etheridge, Faulkner, Fenton, Flash-r. Fulhj),Gid-
dtngs Goode, Grow, Hamilton, Aaron Hailan, Ha-ting*,
Haven, Hill, Hillyer, Inpersoll, Darnel T Jones, George
W Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kei , Kerr, Kidwell, Kurtz,
Letcher, Lillv, McCulloch, Mdttes-on, Middlehwartb, Mill-
son, Morgan, Murray, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Peck, Peek-
ham, Bi-bop Perkins, Powell, Puryear, Ready, David
Ritchie, Rufiin, Shaw, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, John J. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Tay-
lor, Trout, Vail, and Y&n&ant—66. y .
NAYS—Messrs. Abeicrombie, James C. Allen. Wilhs
Allen, Appleton, Banks, Bark-dale, Barry, Bell, Benson,
Bliss. Bieckinridae, Campbell, Caruihert., Chamberlain,
(/handler, Clark, Chngman, Cobb. Corwin, Crocker. Cul
loin. John G. Davi* ,"Thomas Davi-, Do Witt, Disney,
Dovvdell, Dunham, Ea-tman, Eddv, EdinamN, Thomas D.
Eliot, Ellison, English, Farley,Florence, Gooduch, Green-
wood, Andrew J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P.
Harris, Harrison, Hendrick-, Henn, Houston, Howe,
Hughes, John-on, Roland Jones, Knox, Lamb, Latham,
Lindley, Lind-ley, Mace, Macy. Maxwell, Mayall, John
G. Miller, Smith Miller, Noble, Norton, Old-, Mordeeai
Oliver, Oir, Parker, Pennington. Phelps, Pratt, Xteesf, Rid-
dle, Thomas Ritchey, Ru«"Ii, Sabm, Sapp, Seward, Sin-
ffleton, George W. Smj th, Frederick P Stanton, Richard
H, Stanton,"Alexander H. Stephens, He.-tor L. Stevens,
Straub, Davni Smart, John L. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy,
Tweed, LTpham. Walker, W7alley, Ellihu B. Washbume,
WelN, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, Wheeler, Daniel
B. Wright, and Hendrick B. Wpght—97.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table,
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. HOUSTON, i then move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the slate of the Union.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Jones, of
Pennsylvania, in the chair.) The Chair will
state, that the main question having been ordered
to be now put, it must be disposed of before that
motion can be entertained.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the Chair decide that
my motion is out of order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The present in-
cumbent of the chair is informed that the prac-
tice has been such as he has stated.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was sub-
sequently read the third time.
Mr. HAVEN. I rise to a question of order,
i object to the reading of the bill, unless^it has been
engrossed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill has
been engrossed, and has been already ordered to
a third reading, and read a third time. The Chair,
therefore, overrules the point of order raised by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 would like to
know how the Chair can tell whether the bill is
engrossed ? Certainly, there has not been time to
compare it wsth the bill since it was ordered to be
engrossed.
Mr. OUR. Oh, it is just the same with this
bill as with bills which we pass every day.
Mr. JONES. That may be the custom; but it
is not proper.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It was engrossed
before the House met this morning.
Mr. STEVENS, of Michigan. I move the
previous question.
Mr. HAVEN. But as to the question of order
which I raised: I am not through with it yet. I
have not been heard fully. 1 do not want to de-
bate it. I raised the question of order previously
to the reading of the bill. The Chairman over-
ruled it, on the ground that the question came too
late. NoWj I desire to have that corrected; for I
addressed the Chair previously to the Clerk read-
ing the title of the bill the third time;forI had the
subject in my eye all the while.
As to the question of fact as to whether the bill
has been engrossed or not, I, of course, am unin-
formed; but a moment or two ago 1 saw the bill
unengrossed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
state to the gentleman from New York, that at
the time the Chair heard his point of order raised
he was informed by the Clerk that the bill had been
engrossed. .
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (interrupting.) But
when has it been engrossed?
The SPEAKER jn-o tempore. And being so
! informed, the Chair overruled the point of order
raised by the gentleman from New York.
Mr. JONES. Time ought to be taken to com-
pare the bill as engrossed with the original, and
to see whether the engrossment is right or not. I
now ask whether thedecision of the Chair hasnot
been made on a false assumption ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair was
informed by the Clerk that the bill was engrossed
before the House met to-day. Such was the in-
formation the Chair had on the subject, and on
that he made his decision.
j! Mr. HOUSTON. Is it now in ofder to move
!' that the House resolve itself into the Committee
jj of the Whole on the state of the Union ? If so, f
1 wish to make that motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The previous
question has been called for.
Mr. HAMILTON. Before the question is put
