2810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
From Brookville, by Blue Creek, South Gate,
St. Leon, Kelso, Logan, and Bright, to Law-
renceburg.
From Brookville, by Oak Forest, Jennings, Old-
enburg, and Rossburg, to Wintersville.
From Brookville, by Blue Creek, St. Peter's,
Herman, Milan, and S<ringtown, to Versailles.
From Brookville, by Oak Forest, Jennings, Old-
enburg, Rossburg, to Greensburg.
From Brum's Cross Roads, by Bethany and
Russell's Mills, to Covington
From Bloomington, by White Hall, Spencer,
Yandalia, Bowling Green, Christie's Prairie, and
Wauhoo, to Terre Haute
From Bioomington, by Stamford and Salisbury,
to Bloomfield.
From Bloomington, by White Hall, to Point
Commerce.
From Bluffton, by Nottingham, Pennville,New
Mount Pleasant, and Deerfield. to Winchester.
From Burlington, by New London, to Ko-
komo.
From Cambridge, by Jacksonburg, Hagers-
town, Daiton, BlountsviHe, New Burlington,
Muncietown, Anthony, Wheeling, Trask, and
Jonesboro', to Marion.
From Cambridge to Hagerstown.
From Cambridge, by Milton, Connersville, Ev-
erton, and Bioommg Grove, to Brookville.
From Carlisle, by Linton, to Worthington.
-From Carlisle, by Black Creek, Marco, Buck
Creek, Newbury, Scotland, Pleasant Ridge,
Owensburg, and Springville, to Bedford.
From Cartersburg, by White Lick, Danville,
New Maysville, Carpenters ville, Bain bridge, Port-
land Mills, Hollandsburic, Rockville, Armiesburg,
and Montezuma, to Highland.
From Charleston, by Sylvan Grove, Blue Lick,
Chesnut Hill,South Boston,Salem,Texas, Bono,
Lawrenceport, and Spring Mills, to Bedford.
From Centreville, by Green's Fork, Economy,
and Trenton, to Winchester.
From Centreville, by Bloomingport, to Lynn.
From Charleston, by JetfersunvilJe, to Louis-
ville, Kentucky.
From Chaileston, by Hubbard, Vienna, Clarks-
borough, Little York, and Tampico, to Browns-
town.
From Cincinnati^, by Sulesville, to Mount
Washington.
From Clarksburg, by New Salem, Rushville,
Smelser's Mills, and Raleigh, to Lewisviile.
From Clark's Hill, by Laramie and Concord,
to Romney.
From Clinton Lock, by Clinton, Indiana, Fur-
nace, Indiana, and Baldwinsville, Illinois, to
Paris.
From Coffee Creek, by Valparaiso, Porter's
Cross Roads, Boon Grove, Hebron,Outlet, West
Creek, Cedar Lake, Hickory Point, Wmfield,
Deep River, and Fillmore, back to Coffee Creek.
From Colfax, by Frankfort, to Miclugantown.
From Columbia, by P.unpana, to Wolf Lake.
From Columbus, by Taylorsburg, Nashville,
and Unionville, to Bloomington.
From Columbus, by Jonesviile, to Rockford.
From Columbus,by Moore's Vineyard, Mount
Healthy, Milo,Mooney, and Hettonviile, to Bed-
ford.
From Connersville, by Harrisburg, to Benton-
ville.
From Corydon, by Sharp's Mills, to Leaven-
worth.
From CrawfordsviUe, by Independence and
Pine Village, to Oxford.
From CrawfordsviUe, by Waynetown, Hills-
boro', and Cale's Creek, to Covington.
From CrawfordsviUe, by Ladoga, to New
Maysville.
From CrawfordsviUe, by Pleasant Hill, New-
town, Rob Roy, and Attica, to Williamsport.
From CrawfordsviUe, by Darlington, Thorn-
ton, and Reese's Mills, to Kirk's Cross Roads.
From CrawfordsviUe, by Greencastle, Ladoga,
and Carpentersville, to Bainbridge.
From Crown Point, by Mernllsville and Ho-
bart, to Lake Station.
From Deerfield, by Ridgeville, Emmettsville,
Fair View, Albany, Granville, and Royton, to
Wheeling.
From Deerfield, by Boundary and Salamonia,
to Fort Recovery, Ohio.
From Defiance, by Brunersburg, Farmer, Milo,
Newville, Mount Hope, Auburn, Richland, Cen-
tre, Lisbon, living, and Albion, to Noble Iron
Works.
From Delaware, by Prattsburg, Milan, Moor's
Hill, Chesterville, and Sparta, to Wilmington.
From Delphi, by Camden, Carroll, Crittenden,
Galveston, Kokomo, Vermont, Greentown, Je-
rome, and Slash, to Marion.
From Delphi to Pittsburg.
From Dublin, by New Lisbon and Devon, to
Newcastle.
Fiom Ehzabethtown, Ohio, by Harrison,Indi-
ana, Drewersburg, Philanthropy, Ohio, Mixer-
ville, Indiana, Contrerab, College Corner, Ohio,
Goodwin's Store, to Beechy Mire, Indiana.
From Elizabethtown, by Burnsville, Rock
Creek, and Sardinia, to West Point.
From Elkhart, by Bango, and Mount Olive, to
Locke.
From Edinburgh, by Smithland, Shelbyville,
Manilla, and Swenehart, to Rushville.
From Edinburgh, by Nmevah, Hensley, and
Morgantown, to Martinsville.
From Evansville to West Franklin.
From Evansville, by Sandersville, Warrenton,
York, Princeton, Patoka, and Docker's Ferry, to
Vmcennes.
F'om Evansville, by Newburg, Lee, Boonville,
and Midway, to Rockport.
From Evansville, by Parker's Settlement, and
Blairville, to New Harmony.
From Evansville, by West Franklin, to Mount
Vernon.
From Evansville, by St. Wendell's to Cyn-
thiana.
From Fairmount to Jerome.
From Flint to Orland, in Steuben county.
From Florence to Warsaw.
From Fort Wayne, by Eel River, Churubusco,
Green, Wolf Lake, Burr Oak, Noble, Albion,
Ligonier, Benton, and Goshen, to Elkhart.
From Fort Wayne, by Rochester, Rensselaer,
Lacon, Illinois, Toulon, New Boston, Toolsboro',
Wapello, Washington, Oskaloosa, Indianola, and
Wintered, to Council Bluffs, Iowa.
From Fort Wayne, by Perry, Butler, Auburn,
De Kalb, Hamilton, Steubenville, Angola, Crook-
ed Creek, Kmderhook, Michigan, and Ovid, to
Cold Water.
From Fort Wayne, by Perry, Swan, Avilla,
Lisbon, Kendallville, Marseilles, South Milfoid,
Mount Pisgah, Mongoquinnong, Ontario, and
Lima, to Sturgis, Michigan.
From Fort Wayne, by St. Joseph's, Harlan,
and Hall's Corners, to Hicksville.
From Fort Wayne, by Poughkeepsie, Peeble,
Decatur, Canoper, Limber Lost, Bear Creek, Joy
C. H., Bluff Point, and Deerfield, to Winchester.
From Fort Wayne, by Waring and Troy Set-
tlements, to Liberty Mills, in Wabash county.
From Fort Wayne, by Zmesviile, Markle,
Warren, and Green Bush, to Marion.
From Fort Wayne, by New Haven, Antwerp,
Ohio, Junction, Defiance, Miitdale, Florida, Na-
poleon, Dumnd, Texas, Providence, Wutervilie,
and Maumee City, to Toledo.
From Fort Wayne, by Heller's Corners, Chur-
ubusco, Merrian, Wolf Lake, Noble, Albion,
Ligonier, and Benton, to Goshen.
From Fort Wayne, Taw-Taw, and Coesse,
to Whitley C. H.
From Fort Wayne, by Cedar, Leo, Spencer-
ville, Newville, and Panama, Ohio, to St. Joseph's.
From Fort Wayne, by Ossian, to Bluffton.
From Frankfort, by Berlin and Petersburg, to
Tipton.
From Frankfort, by Rei's Mills, Lebanon, and
Jamestown, to Danville.
From Franklin, by Trafalgar and Morgantown,
to Martinsville.
From Franklin, by Far West, Mooresville,
Monrovia, and Stilesville, to Springtown.
From Freeport, by Nicholas Kern's and L. J.
Reeve's, to Pleasant View.
From Gentryville to Ferdinand.
From Goshen, by Middlebury, toWhite Pigeon.
From Goshen, by New Paris and Locke, to
Plymouth.
From Greencastle, by Grubb's Mills,Portland
Mills, Bellmore, Rockville, and Armiesburg, to
Mnntezuma.
From Greencastle, by Eberle, Bainbridge, New
Maysville, and North Salem, to Jamestown.
From Greencastle, by Brunnerstown and Mans-
field, to Rockville.
From Greencastle, by Russellville, Waveland,
and Jacksonville, to Covington.
From Greencastle, by Putnamville, Cataract,
and Cuba, to Spencer.
From Greenfield, by Mount Comfort, German-
town, Lawrence, Miliersviile, and Broad Ripple,
to Augusta.
From Greenfield, by Harrington, Columbus,
Pendleton, and Mendon, to Eden, in Hancock
county.
From Greensburg:, by Millhousen, Napoleon,
Delaware, Noith Hogan, Manchester, Wright's
Corners, Lawrenceburg, Ehzabethtown, Ohio,
Cleve's, Dry Ridge, and Cheviot, to Cincinnati.
From Greensburg, by Kingston, Spring Hill,
Williamstown, and Moscow, to Milroy.
From Greensburg, by Ciifty, Hartaviile,Hope*
and Newbern, to Columbus.
From Greensburg to Rushville.
From Hagerstown, by Daiton, Lorentmlle,
Hewitt's, Windsor, Parker, Fairview, and Glum-
cy, to Camden.
From Hagerstown, by Unionsport, to Macks-
viile.
From Hamilton, by Richland, York, Clear
Lake, Camden, to Reading,Michigan.
From Hartford by the most direct road to War-
ren.
From Harrison, by Logan, Kelso, New Alasco,
and Cork, to North Hogan.
From Huntington, by the Plank road, to Lib-
erty Mills.
From Huntington, by Maysville, Warren,
Montpelier, Blackford, and Granville, to Mann-
cietown.
From Huntington, by Tracy, Murray, Bluffton,
Nottingham, Pennville, New Mount Pleasant,
Deeifield, Mount Holly, Hill Grove, (Ohio,) and
Mount Heron, to Greenville.
From Indianapolis, by New Bethel, Pleasant
View, Brandy wine, Shelbyville, St. Omer, Greens-
burg, Herman, Cook, Guilford, and Lawrence-
burg, to Cincinnati, Ohio.
From Indianapolis, by Bridgeport, Plainfield,
Cartersburg, Bellville, Clayton Pecksburg, Mor-
risville, Cincinnatus, Coatsville, Greencastle, Put-
namville, Manhattan, Reelsville, Harmony, Bra-
zil, Stanton, Van Buren,and Cloverland, to Terre
Haute
From Indianapolis, by Castleton, Noblesville,
Cicero, Arcadia, Shieldville, Tipton, Sharpsvdle,
Kokomo, Pleasant Spring, Wawpecong, and
Palos, to Peru.
From Indianapolis, by Zionsville, Whitestown,
Lebanon, Thornton, Colfax, Clark's Hill, and
Baker's Corners, to La Fayette.
From Indianapolis, by Southport, Greenwood,
Worthville, Franklin, Amity, Edtnlmrg, Taylors-
ville, Columbus, Ehzabethtown, Gannonsville,
Scipio, Greenville, Vernon, Dupont, and North
Madison, to Madison.
From Indianapolis, by Broad Ripple, Carmel,
Eagletown, Boxley, Normando, and Alto, to
Kokomo.
From Indianapolis, by Augusta, Eagle Village,
Northfield, Kirk's Cross Roads, Michigantown,
Middlefork, Burlington, Carroll, and Deer Creek,
to Logansport.
From Indianapolis, by Greenfield, Knights-
town, Raysville, Lewisviile, Dublin, Cambridge,
Eftst Germantown, and Eaton, Ohio, to Dayton.
From Indianapolis, by Clermont, Brownsburg,
Pittsboro', Jamestown, New Ross, and Mace, to
CrawfordsviUe.
From Indianapolis, by Mooresville, to Mon-
rovia.
From Indianapolis, by Hampton, Danville,
New Winchester, New Maysville, Bainbridge,
Portland Mills, Rockville, and Armiesburg, to
Montezuma.
From Indianapolis, by Olive, Glenn's Valley,
Far West, Martinsville, and Bryant's Creek, to
Bloomington.
From Indianapolis, by Sugar Creek, Kinder,
Davisvjlle, Morristown, and Beech Grove, to
Rushville.
From Jasper, by Ferdinand and Fulda, to
Troy.
From Jasper, by Alfordville, to Mount Pleas-
ant,
From Jasper, by Huntingburg, Dale, Gentry-
ville, and Oakland, to Rockport.
From Jerome, by West Liberty, Balis, and
Nibloe's, to Alexandria.
