1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1453
Heretofore, the House has supplied members as
they come into the body with books, or so many
as had been received by their predecessors on this
floor. When they are exhausted, it is proposed to
go into the market, at the instance of the member
himself, and to select literary or miscellaneous
books of one sort or the other, in order that he
may supply to himself the amount of books pre-
scribed by the resolution. In other words, he
may go there and purchase a literary library, so
far as the expenditure of Congress will enable him
to do so, forhisown private use. I hope that por-
tion of the resolution may be stricken out.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Georgia, to strikeout the last proviso,
being first made, is the first in order.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, the object of
presenting these books to members, in the first
instance, was to supply them with political works
connected with the discharge of their duties here,
to afford them facility m acquiring the requisite
knowledge to enable them to discharge those duties
in a satisfactory, or at least a more satisfactory
manner to their constituents and the public. Now,
it seems to me that the portion of the resolution to
which I refer can have no such effect; on the con-
trary, it can be regarded in no other light than as
a matter of personal favor to members, by which
their personal interest and their convenience are
alone to be consulted. I hope that we shall not
enlarge the rule at any rate; but that we shall
confine the distribution of books to the limits
heretofore assigned.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The matter in
reference to which the Committee on the Library
now report, was a joint resolution of the two
Houses to furnish the new members of the Senate
and House of Representatives of the present Con-
gress such books as had heretofore been distrib-
uted to members. It was understood at the time
to be one copy of each of the works which had
been heretofore distubuted for new members use.
And why, sir, was it necessary to pass the joint
resolution? Heretofore the Senate have adopted
a resolution for the distribution of books among
its members. The House have also adopted a
similar resolution in reference to its members; but
at the last Congress, with an appropriation to pay
for the books then directed to be distributed by
the respective Houses, it was enacted that there-
after no other book should be distributed, except
such as should be ordered by the Senate or the
House. Then, sir, in order to distribute books
similar to those usually distributed, it was neces-
sary to pass a repealing law to be approved by
the President.
Congress, I believe, have never authorized, by
joint resolution, any number of books to members
of either House for distribution. If you now pass
the resolution giving to each of the new members
of this House one hundred and sixty copies of
Hickey's Constitution, you give them a greater
number of books than any members of the House
have ever heretofore received. The House of
Representatives have never distributed,or author-
ized to be distributed to its members, Hickey's
compilation of the Constitution, other than one
copy for each of its members. The House passed
a joint resolution, and estimates were submitted to
the committee, in order to make an appropriation
for the payment of these books, and a list of such
books as each member is entitled to accompanies
those estimates.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] if we do not
pass any resolution now explanatory of the jo nt
resolution, what construction will the Clerk give
to it?
Mr. JONES. The Clerk puts this construc-
tion upon the joint resolution, that each member
is entitled to but one copy of the Constitution.
The Clerk has submitted his estimates under that
joint resolution of the cost of books for the new
members, and he makes the cost of a full set of
books for each member $1,043 85. If you say
that the true construction of the resolution is that
he shall purchase one hundred and sixty copies of
the Constitution for each member, it will make
$1,202 00 as the cost of books to be distributed to
each new member at this session.
The Senate have at different times ordered copies
of the Constitution for distribution through the
country, sometimes a larger and sometimes a
smaller number; but the House have never ordered
more than one copy of the work for each mem-
ber. I do not believe the House would have passed
this joint resolution, if they had believed at the
time that it was intended to order books for gen-
eral distribution by members of the House. It
was merely intended to give to each member one
copy of such works as have heretofore been dis-
tributed to members for their own use. I do not
know what proportion of these books can now
be had. The editions of many of them have been
exhausted, and I believe, in every resolution here-
tofore passed by this House, there has been a
clause inserted that nothing in the resolution should
be construed to authorize the reprinting of any
of these works; but now it is proposed that the
works that have^ been exhausted shall be sup-
plied by an equal'amount in value of other works,
to be selected by the member himself. I will in
this connection read the estimate submitted by the
Clerk: \
Clerk's Office, House of Representatives. ? i
June 14, 1854. S
Sir: I have the honor to transmit, herewith, estimates
of additional appropriations for the expenses of the House :
of Representatives, made necessary by existing orders of
the House and its committees, for the fiscal year ending
30th June, 1855. I
J. W. FORNEY, !
Clerk of Ho. of Reps. United States. I
Hon. Linn Boyd, j
Speaker of Ho. of Reps. United States. :
•Amended Estimates of Appropriations for the contingent j
expenses of the Howe of Jiejrrcsentafives Jor the year j
ending 3i)lh June, 1855. j
For furniture and repairs, three thousand eight hundred
and seventy-live dollars  #3,875 00 [
sixteenth to the fortieth, inclusive, in all three thousand
four hundred and thirty-two volumes, at five dollars per
volume, seventeen thousand one hundred and sixty dol-
lars  $17,160 00
The above is in lieu of the .$3,000 now in the printed hill.
The addition ot £875 i*-' made necos^nty by the order ofthe
House for a new set of light chaus for bummer, the contract
price of winch is $875.
For horses and carriages, four thousand seven hundred and
forty-five dollars ,.... $4,715 00
This is in lieu of the $2,910 in the printed hill, the addi-
tion of $1,825 being made necessary a* tollow* :
Additional mail carriage, allowed by the Committee on
Accounts  $730
Horse and wagon for heavy documents, allowed by
Committee on Accounts  730
Cariy-all of Sergeant-at-Arrns, omitted in former
estimate, for six months  365
#1,825
For newspapers for members, twelve thousand five hun
dred dollars $12,500 00
This is in heu of the $10,000 in the printed hill. The
addition is made necessary by rhe resolution ot the House
which allows to each member ,$50 for newspapers, instead
of $40, as heretofore.
For hooks voted to the new members of the House of the
Thirty Third Congress, one hundred and fifty-one thou-
sand nine hundred and forty-nine dollars and cighty-^even
cents   $-151,949 87
The foregoing estimate is made up as follows : There
are in the present House one bundled and fifty-foui new 1
members, or whom one hundred and forty thiee are entitled ;
to full <>ets of books, and eleven to paitiai sett,. Thufol- i
lowing list gives the cost ot a full set ot books for one mem- \
her: J
Register of Debates  $145 00 <
Revised Statutes and Index  JJ5 00 1
Globe and Appendix  155 00 '
Contested Elections  5 00
Seriate Land Laws  10 00 ■
Constitution   1 00 j
Elliott's Debates  16 00
American Archives, (9 vols.)  151 60]
Diplomatic Correspondence..;  15 00 1
American State Papers  235 50 '
Opinions of the Attorneys General  15 00
Finance Reports  24 00 '
Annals of Congress, (40 vols.)  200 00:
Adams'& Works  20 00 1
Hamilton's Works  15 75 j
1,043 85 I
143 full sets, at $1,043 85 $149,270 55 ,
11 partial sets    2,679 32 j
151,949 87
For Annals of Cong! ess for the House Library under reso-
lution of the House of September *28, 1850, one bundled
sets of each volume, from the twenty-third to the fortieth,
both included, in all seventeen hundred volumes, at five
dollars per volume, eight thousand five bundled dol-
lars  $8,500 00
For Annals of Congress for one hundred and forty three
members of the Thirty Second Coneress entitled to the.m
under the resolution of July 26, If52, one hundred and
forty three sets of twenty-tour volumes each, from the 11
The resolution, it seems to me, was certainly
framed with the design of giving to each new
member one copy of each work which 1 have read
from that estimate submitted by the Clerk; and
this thing of including one hundred and fifty-nine
copies of Hickey's Constitution,to be distributed
to the new members, is, in my opinion, an after-
thought for the benefit of the author or compiler
of that work. And, to say nothing about the
wrong in itself, it would be doing injustice to those
districts—not to the members themselves, but to
their districts—which have been represented on
this floor, and whose Representatives have never
received one solitary copy of that work for dis-
tribution among their constituents. This work
has never been taken by the House since it was
first compiled. It has never been ordered since.
And it was, in my opinion, clearly not the inten-
tion or understanding of this House, at the time
this resolution was adopted, that they should go
beyond the copies for tne members of the works
that are now m use.
Mr. BOYCE. 1 merely wish to say thatl think
the resolution introduced by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] a very proper one.
The object of buying these books, if I understand
it, is that members may have the means of inform-
ing themselves upon political subjects. What
then do they want with more than one copy o
any one work before them? This whole thing o
the distribution of books is one upon which the
country is somewhat sore. Let us proceed, then,
with same degree of regard to public opinion. If
there is any doubt of the meaning of the original
resolution, let us adopt the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, which is designed to
explain it.
Mr. UPHAM. I understand that the present
difficulty arises from the circumstance that the
original joint resolution, was so interpreted in the
other branch of the National Legislature as to
give a large number of one of the books to the new
members of that body. I also understand that if
that joint resolution shall receive the same interpre-
tation here, it would give the same large number
of books to each ofthe new members of this House.
1 understand that the old members of this House
never received that large number. I learn, also,
from the statement made by the chairman of the
Committee on the Library, [Mr. Chandler,] that
theOpinions nf the Attorneys General, m the edi-
tion which he proposes to provide for new mem-
bers, are in a form and shape vastly more valu-
able than in the previous edition, which edition
the old members received.
1 rise, therefore, to give notice that if the motion
of my friend from Georgia [Mr. Seward] to strike
out the last proviso of the resolution of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania shall prevail, I propose
to move an additional proviso, as follows:
■And provided further, That the members who have not
received the books contemplated herein, shall be provided
therewith. *
The object of the proviso is, that the old mem-
bers of this body may have an equal number of
the work upon the Constitution to circulate in
their districts, and among their constituents; and,
also, that the old members may have the advant-
age of the very superior recent edition of the
Opinions of the Attorneys General.
Allow me to say, Mr. Speaker, that 1 do not
at all sympathize with my friend from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] in the argument which he has made
to the House in enforcing his views, that this res-
olution operates, and ought to, exclusively to the
personal benefit of members. I should rejoice to
have the resolution, in its final form, assume such
a shape that it will be valuable, not only to us, but
to our constituents. And I maintain, sir, that
there is no book which we order, in large num-
bers, more appropriate to be circulated among our
constituents than that book on the Constitution,
it is a book which we should rejoice to be able to
deposit in every county, in every town, and in
every village in our respective districts.
With these views, I shall offer the proviso which
I have read to the House.
Mr. SEWARD. If i understand the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Upham,] he pro-
