1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2311
From Jeffersonville, by Hamburg, Vienna,
Newry, Seymour, Rockford, Jonesville,Waynes-
yille, Wuilsboro', and Columbus, to Edinburg.
From Canelton to Anderson.
From Kirk's Cross Roids, by Frankfort, Kil-
more, Rossville, and Prince William, to Delphi.
From Kirk's Cross Roads, by Boxley and Ci-
cero, toStrawtown.
From Knightstown, by Carthage, Morristown,
and Freeport, to Shelbyvilie.
From Kn ightstown, by Spiceland, Greensboro
Cadiz, Mechanicsburg, and Ovid, to Anderson.
From Knox to River. Ij
From L&conia, by Elizabeth, Corydon, New ||
Salisbury, Bradford, Greenville, Mount Eden h
Church, and Martinsburg, to Pekin. |!
From Lafayette, by Americus, Delphi, and
Lockport, to Logansport. ;|
From Lafayette, by Rossville, Steam Mills, j!
Middle Fork, Russiaville, Richardsville, New i'
London, and Alto, to Kokomo. j
From Lafayette, by independence, Williams-
port, Rainesviiie, and Oxford, to Iroquois, Illinois.
From Lafayette, by Poolsville, Independence,
Wtlliamsport, and Rainesviiie, to Oxford.
From Lafayette, by Covington, Terre Haute,
Point Commerce, Bloomfield, Newburg, and Pe-
tersburg:, to Evansville.
From Lafayette, by Attica, Poland, Covington,
Lodiville, Montezuma, and Numa, to Terre
Haute.
From Lafayette, by Monticello, Winnamac, I
North Bend, and Plymouth, to Niles, Michigan. '
From Lafayeite. bv Dayton, Wyandotte, Win- I
ship's Mills, and Jefferson, to Frankfort. ;
From Lafayette, by Rensselaer, and Morocco, .
to Momence, Illinois. J
From La Grange, by Angola, Metz, and Spring i
Lake, to West Unity, Ohio. j
From La Grange to Lima. \
From La Grange to Goshen. !
From La Grange, by Utah, Pashawn, Middle- j
bury, and Forest Grove, to Goshen. |
From La Grange by Fly Creek, Brushy Prairie, |
Flint, Angola, Sandy Ridge, and Metz, to Spring j
Lake. j
Fiom Lagro, ,by North Manchester, Liberty !
Mills, Collamer, South Whitley, Clear Spring,
and Farmer's, to Warsaw. j
From Lagro, by New Holland, Mount Etna,
and Warren, to Camden.
From Laporte, by Kingsburyand Union Mills,
to Bigelow's Mills. j
From Laporte to Plymouth. j
From Laporte, by Dorr Village, West Ville, ;
Valparaiso, Deep River, Crown Point, St. John, j
Endor, Illinois, Crete, and Rich, to Richville. 1
From Laporte, hy Kankakee, West York, and j
Bhssville, to Plymouth. I
From Laurel, by Orange, Steel's, Groves, and j
Falmouth, to Bentonville.
From Laurel, by Stip's Hill, to Clarksburg. i
From Lawrencebuig, by Aurora, Rising Sun,
Grant's Creek, Patriot, Florence, Log Lick, Ve-
vay, Morefield, Home,and Buena Vista, to Mad-
ison.
From Lawrenceburg, by Aurora, Wilmington, ,
Moor's Hill, Otter Village, Butlerville, Vernon,
Six Mile, Valley Town, Brownstown, Lawrence-
port, Washington, and Berryville, to Vincennes.
J\om Lawrenceburg, hy Wilmington, Dills-j
borough, Hart's Mills, Cross Plains, Barbers- |
ville, Canaan, and Miliard, to Madison. (
From Lawrenceburg, by Wilmington, Hart-
ford, Coopersville, Aberdeen, Allensville, Jack-
sonville, and Mount Sterling, to Vevay. ^ !
From Lawrenceburg, by Guilford, Yorkville,
New Alsace. Herman, and Way, to Oldenburg, j
From Leavenworth, by Fredoma, Nebraska,
Leopold, Derby, Rome,Camellton,Troy, Ander- '
son River, and New Hope, to Rockport.
From Leavenworth, by Magnolia, Sterling, .
and Worth, to Jasper. !
From Lexington, by New Frankfort and Al- |
pha, to Paris. _. 1
From Lebanon, by Eiizaville, to Kirk s Cross
Roads. !
Fiom Lebanon, by Jamestown, to Danville.
From Liberty, by Clifton, Abington, Centre-
ville, and Bloomingport, to Winchester.
From Lima to Sturgis, Michigan.
From Linden, by Locust Grove, New Rich-
mond, Sugar Grove, and Shawnee Mound, to
Shawnee Prairie.
From Logansport, by Amsterdam, Burnett's !|
Creek, Monticello, Manen, Cathcart, White Post, ]
Pleasant Grove, Rensselaer, and Brook, to iro- ;j
quois, Illinois.
From Moore's Hill, by Stringtown, to Ver-
sailles.
From Muncietown, by Sharon, Albany, Fair-
view, Half Way, Mount Pleasant, Jay C. H.,
From Logansport, by Metea, Fulton, Roches- jj Bear Creek, New Coijdon, and Skeel's Cross
ter, Sidney, Plymouth, Fairmount, Lakevillc, !j Roads, to Willshire.
South Bond, Notre Dame, and Bertrand, to Niles.
From Lock's Station, by Bowdishe's Mills and
Brighton, to Mongoquinong.
From Logansport, by Spring Creek, Twelve
Mile, Perrysburgh, Gilead, Nicona, and L&keton,
to North Manchester.
From Logansport, by Lewisburg, Peru, Wa-
bash, Lagro, Huntington, Mahon, Roanoke, and
Aboite, to Fort Wayne.
From Logansport, by Blue Grass, Kerwanna,
and Aubbenaubee, to Yellow River.
From Logansport, by Cornucopia, to Camden.
From Logansport, by Kewanna and Barber's,
to Laporte.
From Logansport, by Royal Centre and Two
Mile Prairie, to Winnamac.
From Logansport, by Amsterdam, Burnett's
Creek, and Monticello, to Reynolds.
From Logansport,by Perrysburg,Gilead, Lake-
ton, Manchester, Millersburg, Liberty Mills,
Springfield, Columbia, Papano, Cold Spring, Wolf
Lake, and Port Mitchell, to Albion.
From Louisville, Kentucky, by Portland, New
Albany, Indiana, Floyd, Knobs, Galena, Green-
ville, Palmyra, Fiedericksburg, Hardinsburg,
Chambersburg, Paoli, Pleasant Valley, Mount
Pleasant, Washington, Zanville, and BerrysviUe,
to Vincennes.
From Madison, by Stony Point, Bryansburg,
New Marion, Versailles, Otter Village, Napoleon,
and Smyrna, to Greensburg.
From Madison, by Bryansburg, New Marion,
Versailles, and Otter Village, to Napoleon.
From Madison, by Kent, Lancaster, Neel's
Creek, and Graham, to Paris.
From Madison to Cincinnati. j
From Madison, hy South Hanover, Swanville, ;
Lexington, and Oregon, to Charleston. j
From Marion, by Oak Woods, Walnut Creek,
Jadden, Blackford, Pennville, Jay C. H., Hector, !
Fort Recovery, St. Henry, Maria Stein, and
Chickasaw, to'New Bremen. i
From Marion to Montpelier. ]
From Marion, by Mier, Ivy, Santa Fe, and j
Leonda, to Logansport. i
From Marion, by Price and Mount Etna, to
Huntington.
From Marion, by America, to Lagro.
From Marion to San Jacinto.
From Marion, by Walnut Creek, to Blackford, i
From Martinsville, by White River, Gosport, 1
t Spencer, Freedom, Point Commerce, Worthing-|
i ton, Fairplay, Bloomfield, Newbury,OwlPrairie, 1
I and Bogard, to Washington. |
j From Martinsville, by Centreton, to Moores- J
! ville, in Morgan county. j
! From Mauckport, by Crisp's Cross Roads, |
; Corydon, White Cottage, and Hancock, to j
Fredericksburg. j
From Mauckport,by Laconia, Elizabeth, Cory-
don, New Salisbury, Bradford, Greenville, and ;
Martinsburg, to Salem. _ j
From Metamora, by Stip's Hill, to Clarks- ||
burg. >i
From Mount Vernon, by Thomas's Mills, j
Marshall's Landing, on the west bank of the ;
Great Wabash, arid New Haven, Illinois, to ij
Raleigh. ;!
From Michigan City, by Waterford, and La- j!
porte, to Byron. _ ! j
From Middletown,by Rich Woods, toMuncie- ji
town. ij
From Middletown, by Huffton, Yorktown,
Harrison, and New Corner, to Wheeling. |.
From Middlebury to Vistula. jl
From Milton to Cambridge. is
From Mornstown, by Manilla and Cynthiana, ;i
to Middletown. |l
From Monrovia, by West Salem, Mill Grove, J
Cataract, and Poland, to Bowiing Green. jj
Prom Montpelier to BlufFton. >i
From Montezuma to Highland.
From Montezuma, by Annapolis, Bethany, ij
Russellville, and Parkersburgh, to Ladoga. jj
From Monticello, by Wmnemac, Onondaga, jj
and North Liberty, to South Bend. jj
From Monticello to Oxford. j.
From Monticello to Lafayette,
From Muncietown, by Sroithfieid, Windsor,
Macksville, Winchester, Bartona, and Darke, to
Greenville.
From Muncietown, by Jery's C. H., and New
Corydon, to Willshire, Ohio.
From Muncietown, by Pleasant Wood, Alex-
andria, and New Lancaster, to Tipton.
From Muncietown, by Granville, Blackford,
Montpelier, Bluffton, Orienta, to Fort Wayne.
From Nashville, by Bean Blossom and Mount
Moriah, to Edinburgh.
From New Albany, by Bennettsville, New
j Providence, Pekin, Harristown, Salem, Camp-
| bellsburg, Leipsic, Orleans, Woodland, Juliet,
! Bedford, Harrodsburg, Bloomington, Crawfords-
j ville, Lafayette, Battle Ground, Brookston, Rey-
j nolds, and River, to Michigan City.
I From New Albany, by Georgetown, New Salis-
j bury, Barren, Milltown, Marengo, Mount Pros-
I pect, Wickliife, Ditney Hill, and Celestine, to
j Jasper.
j From New Albany, by Knob Creek and Thomas
Strong's, to Elizabeth.
From New Albany, by Bridgeport, Elizabeth,
and Laconia, to Mauckport.
From New Albany, by Lanesville, to Corydon.
From Richmond, by Dover, Webster, Wil-
liamsburg, Economy, Blountsville, and New Bur-
lington, to Muncietown.
From New Castle, by Cadiz, Mechanicsburg,
Huntersville, and New Columbus, to Pendleton.
From New Castle, by Dan Webster, Ashland,
Rogersville, and Luray, to Muncietown.
From New Castle, by Sulphur Springs, Mid-
dletown, to Chesterfield.
From Noblesville, by Cicerotown and Shields-
vilif, to Tipton.
From Norristown, by Manilla and Ointha, to
Middletown.
From New Garden, by Whitewater, Bethel,
Republ ican, Spartansburg, German, and Tampico,
to Greenville.
From Newtown, by Shawnee Prairie, Inde-
pendence, and Pine ViHage, to Oxford.
From Ogden, by Spiceland, to Greensboro'.
From Orleans to Paoli.
From Otter Village, by Zenas and Brewersville,
to Scipio.
From Owensville to Mount Carmel.
From Oxford, by Catalpa Grove, Carpenter's
Creek, to Rensselaer.
From Paoli, by Prospect, to Natchez.
From Paoli, by French Lick, Davis's Creek,
Ludlow, Haysville, Jasper, Ireland, White Oak
Grove, and Delectable Hill, to Petersburg.
From Paoli, by Valeene, Varengo, Pilot Knob,
and Fredonia, to Leavenworth.
From Pendleton, by Clarksville, Noblesville,
W estfield, Eagletown, and North field, to Lebanon.
From Peru, by Santa Fe, to Bexar.
From Petersburg, by Dongola, McCutclienville,
and Oakdam, to Evansville.
From Petersburg, by Wmslow, Lynnville, and
Hartsboro', to Boonville.
From Perry, by Butler, Auburn, De Kalb,Tay-
lor's Corners, Hamilton, Pleasant Lake, Angola,
Fremont, Crooked Creek, Kinderhook, and Ovid,
i to Coldwater.
j From Pern, by Chili, Paw Paw, Nicanya, Lodi,
j Claypool, Warsaw, Manoquit, Leesburg, Mill-
ford, New Paris, and Waterford Mills, to Goshen.
1 From Pittsburg, by Mount Jefferson, to Mon-
ticello.
! From Pleasant View, by Loudon, to Manwar-
i i"?s-
j From Plainiield, by Spring Valley and Moores-
j villr, to Monrovia.
I From Plymouth to Knox.
I From PointCommerce, by Wright, to Sullivan,
j From Point Commerce, by Middlebury, to
, Bowling Green.
i From Poland to ReelsviUe.
From Portland Mills, by Russellville, to Wave-
land.
From Portland Mills, by Parksville, to Bruin's
Cross Roads.
From Prairieville, by Loramie and Concord, to
Romney.
