744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
J
penses of their commissioners in negotiating the treaty of
June 22, 18.52, .$1,500.
That sum of money is provided to be paid by
the treaty entered into with the Chickasaw In-!
dians. Gentlemen can see the ciuuse of the treaty !
providing for it by turning to pages 52 and 53 in \
the Appendix to the Acts of the last Congress. i
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. ORR. Pursuant to the notice I gave yes-
terday, 1 offer the following amendment, to come in
on page 33, at the end of line 783:
For the expenses of negotiating treaties with, and making
presents of goods and provisions to, the Indian tribes in the
Territory of Oregon, $68,000. «
1 do not propose to enter into any lengthened
explanation of the amendment I have offered. 1
stated to the committee yesterday the necessity
for its adoption. There have been no treaties ne-
gotiated with the Indians in Oregon, amounting,
in all, to some thirty-five or forty tribes. Some
fifteen or twenty of these tribes of Indians have
been seriously trespassed upon by the whites, and
something should be done to compensate them for
their losses.
Mr. HOUSTON". I would ask the gentleman
from South Carolina if he knows whether the
treaties which were negotiated a few years ago,
and which were before the last Congress, were
rejected or not, or are they still pending before the
Senate ?
Mr. ORR. Of course it can only be a mere
matter of speculation with me as to what became
of them. They were presented to the Senate in
secret session. Perhaps they were acted upon by
that body. I am inclined to think, although I
have no positive knowledge upon the subject, that
they were laid upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What pood
reason is there for negotiating other treaties, if
those already negotiated have been laid upon the
table by the Senate ?
Mr. ORR. It may be that the Senate were un-
willing to ratify the treaties which were negotiated
two yeais ago, because they appropriated toolaige
sums of money.
Mr. HOUSTON. If these treaties are unacted
upon, then, as a matter of course, it is unnecessary
to make the appropriation asked for. The trea-
ties which weie negotiated in Oiegon had some
provisions which were very objectionable, and
which, by accident, were disclosed to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I believe that most
of the tribes with whom we negotiated are veiy
smalt in number. We agreed to give them so much
money, and they were to leave their territory at a
day designated in the future. There was no appa-
rent restriction in several of these treaties. I un-
derstand that the Senate fully considered them,
and concluded that they ought not to lie ratified.
Mr. PECKHAM. I move to amend the amend-
ment by reducing the sum §3,000.
I regretted very much to hear the remarks yes-
terday of my learned and distinguished friend
from South Carolina, [Mr. Orii;] remarks which
he deemed necessary to make in order to illustrate
his views of the bill, lie seemed to think that it
was proper and necessary to say, that this Gov-
ernment had been guilty of gross outrages and
wrongs, almost from its very organization, against
the Indians. The gentleman deemed it proper to
say, that the Government hud despoiled the In-
dians m ail parts of the country; not only in the
Territories, hut also in the thirteen original States.
He alluded to these wrongs m language not to be
misunderstood—asserting1 that the Government
had despoiled them, and dnven them from then-
homes and improvements. I regretted extiemelv
to hear the course of remark in which he indulged ,
although the gentleman himself may have judged
it to be very pertinent and proper.
Now, with great respect to the gentleman, I
desire to read a short extract fiom his speech,
which I find reported in the Globe of this morn-
ing; in winch he says:
" In Oresron there an* many Indians who have cultivated
the soil, wno have cleared their own land, creeled build-
ings, but they have been duven hark from their settlements,
their improvements, their homes."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remind
the gentleman that the rule requires that he should
speak in favor of the amendment which he has
proposed, and confine his remarks thereto.
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman will be allowed
to proceed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We had better
conform ourselves to the rules, or we shall never
finish the bill.
Mr. PECKHAM, (resuming.) I do not under-
stand that such are the facts. 1 do not understand,
from the knowledge which I have of the history
of the action of this Government towards the In-
dian tribes, that it is liable to these imputations—
it is liable to the course of remark of the gentle-
man from South Carolina. Such remarks, ema-
nating from so high a source, are calculated, and
do produce, an injurious effect upon our national
character abroad. Our character as a filibustering
and freebooting nation is somewhat dubious with
the nations abroad now, and when I hear remarks
like those to which 1 have referred, coming from
a high and distinguished source, I cannot but be-
lieve that they are calculated to convey an unjust
impression of the policy and conduct of this Gov- |
ernment towards the Indians. My belief is that i
the action of this Government will compare favor- I
ably with that of any other nation, in their deal- |
mgs with the children of the forest—certainly |
within this last half century it will. We have \
done everything to promote their welfare, to civ-
ilize and Christianize them; and if we have not
succeeded it is not the fault of the Government,
for it has acted with a just and generous, a liberal
and manly, spirit towards them.
Now, sir, I submit, with great deference to my
friend from South Carolina, that the course of re-#
marks indulged in by him is not founded in fact,
and is calculated to produce an impression abroad
injurious to the Government, it reflects, also,
harshly upon us as individuals. I do not think it
is necessary to indulge m that course of remark to
induce this House to do justice upon this occasion.
I think every man here is inclined to act not only
with justness, but m the spirit of liberality, kind-
ness, and charity towards those people. In con-
clusion, I may say, however, that I am infoimed
that a sinn'ar course of remark has been usually
indulged in by those who have heretofore occupied
the position of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina in former Congresses.
Mr. ORR. I am much obliged to the gentle-
man from New York for his kind lecture. I have
no objection to his defending the course of our
Government in its intercourse with the Indians.
I do not intend to assail it. If, however, the gen-
tleman had perused my remarks a little further,
he would have seen, fiom what I said, that I did
not consider the conduct of our Government to-
wards the Indians in the Territories of Oregon,
Washington, Utah, and New Mexico was of a
defensible character. The settlement of Oregon
commenced twelve years ago, and your citizens
have been going there ever since. You organized
a government for that Territory in 1848, six years
u^o. Emigration has been going there from that
tune to the present, by the authority of this Gov-
ernment. At the time a territorial government
was established there, the Federal Government
did not have a foot of land for a single citizen to
settle upon—not a single foot. Would it not have
been just and fair, right and proper, that the Gov-
ernment, before affording the means for settlement
then-, should have gone there, through its agents,
and procured land from the Indians, upon which
citizens could settle5
Now, sir, our citizens, for six years, have been
living in that condition in respect to the Indians,
without paying them anything for their terutory
of which you have despoiled them. Is that just
to them? Does it not fully authonze the animad-
version in which I indulged?
Mr. PECKHAM. Has not the gentleman
stated in his speech, and are not the facts so, that
those Indians who have changed their location,
have done so by their own expi ess assent, and by
an express arrangement with the Government? I
appeal to any gentleman upon this floor; I appeal
to the distinguished gentleman from Oregon, [Mr.
Laxe,] to say if ever a single outrage has been
practiced upon these Indians by the whites?
Mr. ORR. I will say, in reply to the gentleman
from New York, that the Indian agents have mad^
promises in behalf of the Government of the Uni
ted States to the Indians in Oregon, which have
never been fulfilled. They have caused the In-
dians to remove from their teiritory, with the
promise that the Government of the United States
would pay them the full value of their lands.
These are the sort of promises which I speak of
n I
as never being fulfilled. The treaty made with
them more than two years ago made many prom-
ises to them, but the Senate have not ratified the
treaty, and I do not suppose they intend to. It
has been before them for two years, and if they
had ever intended to ratify it they would have done
it long ago. But it contained promises to the In-
dians which they expected would be kept.
Mr. PECKHAM, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Orr's
amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. It was my intention
to have said something upon the subject of this
amendment, but if the committee wish to vote
upon it now I will desist.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. HOUSTON. We are nearly through the
bill. I hope the gentleman will not insist upon
that motion.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move that
the committee rise, and report the bill to the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
order, so long as gentlemen desire to offer amend-
ments. The Chair understands there are still
other amendments to be offered.
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman from New
York will withdraw his motion that the committee
rise. We shall certainly finish the bill in less
than half an hour.
Mr. WHEELER. I cannot withdraw my mo-
tion.
The question was then taken; and the commit-
tee refused to rise.
Mr. ORR. I offer the following amendment:
Foi the expense* of negotiating treaties with, and making
presents of goods and provi-ion^ to, the Indian tribes in the
Territory of Washington, $45.UU0.
The question was taken; and the amendment
adopted.
Mr. ORR. I move thefollowing in addition:
For the e\penses of negotiating treaties, with, and making
presents of goods and provisions to, the Indian tribes in the
'iVrritoiy of Utah, $43,01)0.
The question was taken; and the amendment
agreed to.
Mr. ORR. I have still another amendment to
come in at the same point. I move the following:
For expenses of negotiating treaties with, and making
pi events of goods and provisions to, Apache, Navej>>, and
Utah Indians m the Teriitory of New Mexico, $30,uu0.
The question was taken; and the amendment
agreed to.
Mr. ORR. I move the following amendment,
to come in at the same place:
For expenses of making piesents of agricultural imple-
ments and tanning utensils to the Puebla Indians m the
Territoiy of N«w Mexico, ,$10,000.
The question was taken; and the amendment
agreed to.
Mr. ORR. I offer the following, which is the
last of the amendments I have to offer to the bill:
For expenses of holding a council with, and making pres-
ents of goods and provision* to, the fttackleet, firo .vpn-
tres, and other wild tribes of Indians, immediately within
or adjacent to the eastern boundary ot the Territory of
Washington; and for defraynt;> the expenses of bringing
the chiefs of s>aid tribes to Washington city, #100,000.
The question was put; and the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. ORR. I offer the folio wing proviso, to come
m after the last amendment:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior may, if in
his discretion the public interest require it, be authorized to
n^e any part of the appropriations herein made for making
treaties in Oregon, Washington, Utah, and New Mexico,
arid foi holding councils at Foi t Benton, pnor to the com-
mencement of the next fiscal year.
That proviso, Mr. Chairman,is rendered neces-
sary, from the fact that it may suit the convenience
of the Indian Department to commence these nego-
tiations before the commencement of the next fis-
cal year, and it is requisite that power should be
conferred upon it.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. GROW. I move thefollowingamendment,
to come in after line 787 of the bill:
To Cherokee® residing in States east of the Mississippi
ri\ er.m full of all demands, under the provisions of the treaty
of 29th December. 1835, and the supplemental ai tides there-
to of 1st March, 183G, and thu treaty of 6th of August, 1846—
