2812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
From Princeton, by Kirk's Mills, Union, Buena
Vista, Petersburg, and Kinderhook, to Washing-
ton.
From Princeton, by Marsh Creek, Owensville,
Cynthiana, Poseyville, New Harmony, and Far-
mersville, to Mount Yernon.
From Putnamville, by Cataract, Spencer,
Whitehall, and Stanford, to Springville.
From Reynolds, by Monticello, to Plymouth.
From Richmond, by Washington and Hagers-
town, to Newcastle.
From Richmond, by Chester, New Garden, and
Lynn, to Winchester.
From Richmond, by Dover, Webster, Wil-
liamsburg, and Economy, to Blountsville.
From Richmond, by Abington,Clifton, Browns-
ville, Liberty, Dunlapsville, and Fairfield, to
Brookville.
From Rising Sun, by Hartford, Guionsville,
DiUsborough, Farmer's Retreat, Hart's Mills,
and Elrod, to Versailles.
From Rochester, by Akron, Meredith Mills,
Bloomingburg, Beaver Dam, and Palestine, to
Warsaw.
From Rochester, by Green Oak, Perrysburgh,
Mexico, Peru, Reserve, Somerset, and Jalapa, to
Marion.
From Rochester, by Indian Field and Monte-
rey, to Winnamac.
From Rochester, by Mill Ark and Akron, to
Gilead.
From Rochester, by Mill Ark, Troy, Wesley,
Gilead, Niconza, and Owen, to Wabash.
From Rochester, by Wesley, Beaver Dam,
Palestine, Warsaw, Menoquet, Leesburg, Mil-
ford, and Jackson, to Goshen.
From Rockport, by Enterprise,French Island,
and Yankeetown, to Newburg.
From Rockville, by Annapolis, Delta, Sylva-
nia, Howard, Lodiville, and Headley's Hills, to
Covington.
From Root, by Massillon, East Liberty, and
Tully, Ohio, to Van Wert.
From Rushville, by Orange, Columbia, and
Neel's Mills, to Connersville.
From Rushville, by Smelser's Mills, Steel's,
Groves, Falmouth, Longwood, Connersville, Al-
quina, Dunlapsville, and Belhngville, to Oxford,
Ohio.
From Rushville, by Smelser's Mills, Melrose,
Falmouth, Groves, Steel's, Longwood, Conners-
ville, Oiquina, Dunlapsville, Billingsville, and Con-
treras, to Oxford, Ohio.
From Rushville, by New Salem, Anderson-
ville, Laurel, Metamora, Brookville, Cedar Grove,
New Trenton, Braysville, Harrison, Ohio, Dry
Fork, Miami, Dent, and Cheviot, to Cincinnati.
From Rushville, by l^'armington and Steele's,
to Connersville,
From Rushville, by Hanne^an, Carthage,
Wesiland, Greenfield, Hervey, Alfont, Woodbu-
ry, Walpole, and Ohio, to Noblesville.
From Salem, by Canton, New Philadelphia,
and Vienna, to Lexington.
From Salem, by Kossuth, Walnut Ridge, Mill-
port, Velonia, Brownstown, Valley Farm, and
Cartland, to Rockford.
From Salem, by New Retreat, Livonia, Clays-
ville, and Lost River, to Orleans.
From Salem, by Texas, Leesville, Heltonville,
and Fairfax, to Bloomington.
From S'lelbyville, by Franklin, to Hensley.
From Scaffold, Prairie, by Wright, to Sullivan.
From Selma, by Albany and Niles, to Mont-
pelier.
From Shelbyville, by Noah, Greenfield, Eden,
Mendon, and Pendleton, to Huntsville.
From Smithfield, by Albany and James Ran-
 om's, to Montpeher.
From South Hanover, by Saluda, New Wash-
ington, and Polk Run, and McGee's, to Charles-
ton.
From St. Omer, by Sulphur Hill, Winterrowd,
and Flat Rock, to Columbus.
From Steele's, by Orange, New Salem, Rich-
land, Clarksburg, and Kingston, to Greensburg.
From Stilesville, by Wadesville, to Gosport.
From Strawtown, by Perkinsville, Pipe Creek,
Alexandria, Summitsville,Grant,and Jonesboro',
to Marion.
From Strawtown, by West Kinderhook, to
Tipton.
From Tipton, by Windfall, Jerome, Hima, and
Summerset, to Wabash.
From Tipton, by Windfall City, to Wabash.
From Terre Hants, by Roseville, Rockville,
Bruin's Cross Roads, Waveland, and Burne's
Valley, to Crawfordsville.
From Terre Haute to Lewis.
From Terre Haute, by Numa, Clinton, Lock,
Clinton, Highland, Newport, Eugene, Perryvilie,
Covington, Portland, Rob Roy, Attica, Shawnee
Prairie, and West Point, to Lafayette.
From Terre Haute, by Fruit Hill, Bridgetown,
Mansfield, and Medellin, to Portland Mills.
From Terre Haute, by Poplar Hill, Maurius,
Sullivan C. H., and New Lebanon, to Carlisle.
From Terre Haute, by Riley, Lewis, Coffee,
Worthington, and Point Commerce, to Hobbie-
viile.
From Troy to Worth.
From Union City, by Recovery, Macedon,and
Celina, Ohio, to St. Mary's.
From Valparaiso, by Tassinong Grove, to
Wequioc.
From Vernon, by Cherry Valley, Zenas,
Wesport, and Cobb's Fork, to Greensburg.
From Vernon, by New Centreville, Montgom- i
ery, Paris, State, Cana, Newry, New Farming-
ton, and Dudleytown, to Brownstown.
From Vevay, by Mount Sterling, Jacksonville,
Rutherford, Bennington, Pleasant, Cross Plains,
and Olean, to Versailles.
From Vevay, by Craig and Indian Kentuck, to
Madison.
From Vienna, by Lexington, Swanville, and
South Hanover, to Madison.
From Vmcennes, by West Union, Carlisle,
Merom, Greysville, Turman's Creek, Prairie
Creek, and Prairietown, to Terre Haute.
From Vincennes, by Bruceville, Maria Creek,
Edwardsport, Black Creek, and Linton, to Fair-
play.
From Wabash, by Laketon, to Warsaw.
From Wabash, by La Fontaine, America, and
Zion, to Marion.
From Wabash, by Somerset, Xenia, and Je-
rome, to Tipton.
From Washington, Petersburg, New State
Road, and Vanderburg, to Evansville.
FromWashmgton, by Petersburg, to Princeton.
From Washington, by Aysville, Roylesville,
Keek's Church, Mountain Spring, Silverville, and
Fayetteville, to Bedford.
From Warsaw, by Oswego, Cromwell, L igo-
nier, Noble Iron Works, Haw Patch, and Ring-
gold, to La Grange.
From White Hall, by Deer, to Point Commerce.
From White Post, by Saltillo, Pleasant Grove,
Rensselaer, Brook, Iroquois, Illinois, to Kanka-
kee Depot, on the Illinois Central Railroad.
From Whitley, by Hecla and Cold Springs, to
Wolf Lake.
From Whitley, by Summit, Pierceton, War-
I saw, Oran, Camp Creek, and Bourbon, to Ply-
mouth.
From Whitley C. H., by Thorncreek, to Al-
bion.
From Williamsburg to New Garden.
From Winnamac, by Medarysville, to Saltillo.
From Williamsport, by West Lebanon and
Baltimore, to Covington.
From Wolf Lake, by Wilmot, Boydston's
Mills, and Oswego, to Leesburg.
Illinois.—From Albion, by New Massillon and
Enterprise, to Salem, Marion county.
From Alton, by Newbern, Grafton, DeerPlain
News, Monterey, Harden, Gilead, and Ham
burg, to Bellview.
From Alton, by Upper Alton, Edwardsville
| Marine, Highland, Jamestown, and Shoal Creek
to Carlyle.
From Alton, by Ridgely, Paddock's Grove
and Old Ripley, to Greenville.
From Appleton, by Mount Hawkins, Pinek
neyville, Galum, and Carnent's Prairie, to Steel's
Mills.
From Athens, by Yankee Hill, Walker's
Grove, Gluiver, and Liverpool, to Canton.
From Aurora, by Sugar Grove, Big Rock, Lit-
tle Rock, Somonauk, Ross Grove, Shabbaney's
Grove, Van Buren, East Paw Paw, Paw Paw
Grove, Lee Centre, and China, to Dixon. j
From Batavia, by Blackbury and Kanesville, :
to Grouse. |
From Belvidere, by Beaver, Roscoe, Harrison, !
Washburn, Lincoln, Harvard, Rock Run, Buena !
Vista, M'Connell's Grove, Louisa, Warren, and
Gratiot, to Shullsburg.
From Belvidere, by Genoa, Sycamore, Lost
Grove, Swan Grove, and Sononauk, to Ottawa.
From Belvidere, by Caledonia Station, Beloit,
(Wisconsin,) Bass Creek, Foxville, Evansville,
and Oregon, to Madison.
From Beilville, by Fayetteville, Mud Creek,
Marissa, Sparta, Grand Cote Prairie, Pmckney-
ville, Nine Mile Prairie, Buquoin, Iowa, and
Little Muddy, to Mount Hopkins.
From Bethel, by Concord and Arenzville, to
Beardstown.
From Bloomington, by Pekin, Canton, Ma-
comb, Carthage, and Warsaw, Illinois, to Keo-
kuk, Iowa.
From Bloomington, by Westwood, Eureka,
Woodford, and Matamoras, to Spring Bay.
From Bloomington, by Roger's Farm, Padua,
Senex, Cheney's Grove, Sodom, Loda Station,
Point Pleasant, North Fork, Jordan, and Pools-
vilie, to Lafayette.
From Bloomington, by Atlanta, Postville,
Springfield, Lick Creek, Chatham, Auburn,
Verdon, Girard, Prairie Station, Carlinville,
Plainview, Macoupin, Shipman, Brighton, and
Godfrey, to Alton.
From Bloomington, by Kickapoo and Old
Town Timber, to Cheney's Grove.
From Bloomington, by Delta, Le Roy, Santa
Anna, and Mahomet, to Urbana.
From Buffalo Grove, by Brookville, White
Oak Grove, and Crane's Grove, to Freeport.
From Brighton, by Piasa, Fidelity, Rhoda's
Point, Rockbridge, Fayette, Greenfield, Athens-
ville, and Zion, to Jacksonville.
From Brookville, by Buffalo Grove, Barclay,
and Genesee Grove, to Clyde.
From Cairo, by Santa Fe, Thebes, and J. E.
McCrete's, to Jonesborough.
From Cairo, by Smithland, Santa Fe, Thebes,
and Thompson's Ferry, to Clear Creek Landing.
From Caledonia, by Valley Forge, Unity, and
Santa Fe, to Commerce.
From Caledonia Station, by Precinct, Poplar
Grove, Park's Corners, Burton's Corners,South
Grove, Wisconsin, and Darien, to Delavan.
From Cairo to Charleston, Missouri.
From Carlinville, by Edwardsville, to Collins-
ville.
From Carlinville, by Honey Point, Shirleyville,
Hillsboro', Francisco, Hurricane, Vandalia, and
Foster, to Salem.
Prom Carlinville, by Moultonville, Mount Olive,
Prairie Farm, Staunton, Toluca, Alharobra, Ma-
rine, and St. Jacob, to Lebanon.
From Carlyle, by Crooked Creek, Centralia
Station, and Walnut Hill, to Mount Vernon.
From Carlyle, by Germantown and Looking
Glass, to Mascoutah.
From Carlyle, by Beaver Creek, Greenvillea
Elm Point, and Bear Creek, to Hillsboro7.
From Carmi, by Burnt Prairie, Fairfield, New
Franklin, and Hickory Hill, to Salem.
From Carmi, by McLeansboro', to Benton.
From Carthage to Nauvoo.
From Carthage, by McGary's, Pilot Grove, La
Harpe, and Blandinsville, to Muddy Lane.
From Cass, by Barber's Corners, Dupage, and
Wheatland, to Oswego.
From Channahon, by Kankakee, Wilmington,
Rockville, and Bourbanaise, to Momence.
From Charleston, by Gruel's Lake, Fork, Mon-
ticello, and Mount Pleasant, to Bloomington.
From Charleston, by Ashby, Martinsville,
Melrose, and Sacton, to York.
From Charleston, by Westfield, Margaretta,
and Dolson, to Marshall.
From Charleston, by Hermitage, Bourbon,and
Monticello, to Clinton.
From Charleston, by St. Omer, Oakland, Bushy
Fork, and Upper Embarrass, to Urbana.
From Charleston, by Arno's Station, Fuller's
Point, and Sullivan, to Decatur.
From Charleston, by Long Point, to Tentop-
olis.
From Charleston, by Sullivan, to Decatur.
From Charleston, by OIney, New Massillon,
Albion,and Grayvil!e,to New Harmony, Indiana.
From Chiltanden, by Little Muddy and Osage,
to Fredonia.
From Chatham, by Lick Creek, Waverly, Lo-
cust Spring, Cummmgton, and Hoover's Point,
to Carlinville.
