1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2313
From Chester, by Steele's Mills, Sparta, Elk-
horn, Nashville, Richview, Walnut Hill, and
Mount Zion, to Salem.
From Chester, by Jones's Creek, Murphys-
boro', Urbane, Toledo, Jonesboro', and Unity, to
Cairo.
From Chester, by Kaskaskia, Prairie de Roche,
Waterloo, and Columbia, to St. Louis.
From Clinton, by Waynesville, to Atlanta.
From Clinton, by Waynesville, Newcastle, Em-
inence, and Big Prairie, to Delavan.
From Clyde to Union Grove, in Whiteside3
county.
From Columbus, by Houston, Elm Grove,
Huntsville, and Brooklyn, to Doddsville.
From Cottage Hill, by Addison and Blooming-
dale, to Ringgold.
From Clermont, by Stringtown and St Mary's,
to Newton.
From Chili, by Northfield and Kossuth, to
Warsaw.
From Carrollton, by White Hall, Breeze, and
Glasgow, to Winchester.
From Carrollton, by Apple Creek, Druses,
Bedford, Montezuma, Milton, and Lima, to Pitts-
field.
From Carrollton, by Pioneer, Bluffdale, Bissell,
Belleview, Pleasant Hill, Atlas, Rockport, and
Pleasant Yale, to Kinderhook.
From Carrollton, by Letcherville, Greenfield,
Fayette, and Chesterfield, to Carlinville.
From Chicago, by Jefferson and Maine, to West
Wheeling.
From Chicago, by Bridgeport, Brighton, Sum-
mit, Willow Springs, and Des Plains, to Lamonte.
From Chicago, by Waukepan, Kenosha, and
Racine, to Milwaukie, Wisconsin.
From Chicago, by Jefferson, Niles, West
Northfield, Wheeling, Halfday, Libertyville,
Warrenton, Waukegan, Willington, Otsego, Ke-
nosha, Wisconsin, Racine, and Oak Creek, to
Milwaukie.
From Chicago, by Lyons, Lyonsville, Cash,
Littlecash, Long John, Plamfieid, Plattville, Lis-
bon, Holderman's Grove, and Norway, to Ottawa.
From Chicago, by Worth, Mokena, New Len-
ox, Joliet, Sandy Ridge, Morris, Marseilles. Ot-
tawa, Utica, La Salle, Peru, Tiskilwa, Sheffield,
Genesse, and Moline, to Rock Island.
From Chicago, by Noysville, College Hill, Bab-
cock's Grove, Danby, Wheaton, Winfield Junc-
tion, Wayne, Clintonville, Elgin, Rutland, Hunt-
ley's Grove, Union, Marengo, Garden Prairie,
Belvidere, Cherry Valley, Roekford, Pecatonica,
Freeport, Eleroy, Lena, Louisa, Nora, Warren,
Scales Mound, Council Hill, Galena, Menomonee,
and Dunleith, to Dubuque.
From Chicago, by Batavia, Aurora, Oswego,
Bristol, Piano, Somonoc Depot, Earlville, Men-
dota, La Salle, Tonica, Weenona, Minonk, Pin-
olo, Kappa, Hudson, Bloomington, Wapellah,
Clinton, Maroas, Decatur, Macon, Moadwequa,
Tacusah, Pena, Temorah, Oconee, Vandalia, Pa-
toka, Sandoval, Centralia, Richview, Dubois,
Duquoin, Desoto, Makanda, Jonesboro', and
Ullin, to Cairo.
From Chicago, by Ridgeville, New Frier, Port
Clinton, and Oak Hill, to Waukegan.
From Chicago, by Thornton, Station, Rich,
Monee, Manteno, Kankakee, Depot, Ashkum,
Onargo, Loda, Pera, Rantoul, Urbanna, Peso-
turn, Neoga, Arno, Okaw, Wehunka, Edgwood,
Farina, Tanti, and Odin, to Centralia.
From Chicago, by Geneva, Blackberry, De
Kalb Centre, Jefferson Grove, Lane, Dixon,Ster-
ling, Como, Union Grove, Fulton, Lyons, Iowa,
and Tipton, to Iowa City.
From Danville, by Pilot, Higginsville, Ten
Mile Grove, Oliver's Grove, and Avoca, to Pon-
tiac.
From Decatur, by Sullivan, Cochran s Grove,
Big Spring, and Ewington, to Wehunka Station.
From T)ecatur, by Hopewell, Livingston,
Hermitage, Neoga Station, Oakland, and Embar-
rass Point, to Paris.
Prom Decatur to N. M. Brown's.
From De Kalb Centre, by Broadie's Grove,
Jefferson Grove, Lafayette Grove, Kyte River,
Ogle, and Taylor, to Grand de Tour.
From De Kalb Centre, by Lost Grove, Line,
Swinton, New Vigil, and Williamsburg, to De
Kalb Centre. m „ ,
From Dixon, by Grand de Tour, Nashua,
Oregon, Byron, Hale, New Milford, Elida, IGsh-
waukie, Roekford, Harlem, Roscoe, and Rock-
ton, to Beloit, Wisconsin.
From Dixon, by Buffalo Grove, Eagle Point,
Elk Horn Grove, Rock Creek, Mount Carroll,
Derinda, and Avery, to Galena.
From Dundee, by Barrington, Flint Creek,
Lake Zurich, Gilmer, and Libertyville, to Wau-
kegan.
From Earville, by La Clair, East Paw Paw,
Paw Paw Grove, Willow Creek, Story, Broadie's
Grove, and Lindenwood, to Killuuck.
From Edwardsville, by Lamb's Point, Rising
Sun, Bond's Point, Taylorsville, and Stonington,
to Decatur.
From Empire, by Mount Prospect, Genesee
Grove, and Milledgeville, to Elkhox-n Grove.
From Erie, by Spring Hill, Jefferson's Corners,
Yorktown, Winnebago, Truxton, and Enon to
Princeton.
From Elgin, by New Plato, Udina, Pingree,
Hampshire, and Harmony, to Coral.
From Elgin, by Dundee, Algonquin, Crystal
Lake, Elysium, Woodstock, Hart land, Brook-
dale, Dunham, Chemung, Park's Corners, and
Hunter, to Beloit, Wisconsin.
From Elgin, by Genoa, Wisconsin, to Elk
Horn.
From Fairfield, by Marian's Grove and Enter-
prise, to Maysville.
From Farmington, by Uniomown, Hermon,
Abingdon, Berwick, Ellison, and Alena, to Hop-
per's Mills.
From Farmington, by Middle Grove, Midway,
Troy Mills, Saint Augustine, Greenbush, Rose-
ville, New Lancaster, Ellisonville, Alena, and
Hopper's Mills, to Burlington, Iowa
From Fredericksville, by Browning and Shelden
Grove, to Astoria.
From Freeport, by Kirk's Grove, Yellow
Creek, Flazzlewood, Kent, Ward's Grove, and
Plumb River, to Derinda.
From Freeport, by Rock Run, Howard, and
Harrison, to Rockton.
From Freeport, by Cedarville, Buena Vista,
McConnellsville,and Oneco, to Monroe, Wiscon-
sin, and back by Cadey, Winslaw, Illinois, and
Wadham's Grove, to Freeport.
From Freeport, by Eleroy, Lena, and Nora, to
White Oak Springs, Wisconsin.
From Freeport, by Mill Grove, Yellow Creek,
Hardwood, Kent's, Ward's Grove, Plum River,
or Donnda, to Galena.
From Freeport, by Jackson, Cherry Grove,
and Mount Carroll, to Savannah.
From Fulton, by Hemlo, Union Grove, and
Empire, to Sterling.
From Fort Wayne, Indiana, by Rochester,
Rensselaer, Lacon, Illinois, Toulon, New Boston,
Toolsboro', Iowa, Wapelle, Washington, Os-
kaloosa, Indianola, and Winterset, to Council
Bluff.
From Galena, by Avery, Elizabeth, Derinda,
and Hanover, to Galena.
From Galena, by Hanover, Portsmouth, Sa-
vannah, Argo, Bluffville, Fulton, Albany, Cor-
dova, Port Byron, and Hampton, to Moline.
From Galena, by South Hollow, to Dunlieth.
From Galesburg, by Haw Creek, Maquan,
Uniontown, and Middletown, to Farmington.
From Galesburg, by Granate, Ionia, Utah,
Millersburg, Ferdinand, and Drury, to Musca-
tine.
From Galesburg, by Centre Point, Henderson,
Ontario, Heath Land, Andover, and Mornstown,
to Green River.
From Galesburg to Oquawka.
From Galesburg, by Victoria, Lafayette, Tou-
lon, Elmira, and Osceola, to Tiskilwa.
From Galesburg to Burlington, Iowa.
From Golconda, by Big Bay City, to New
Liberty.
From Golconda, by J. R. Pott's, to Brooklyn.
From Golconda, by Bolton and Sarahsville, to
Marion.
From Golconda, by Rock and Broad Oak, to
Vienna.
From Grayville, by Albion, Parker's, Fair-
view, Olney, Newton, and Greenup, to Charles-
ton.
From Greenup, by Springville, to Republican.
From Greenup, by Paradise, to Cochran's
Grove.
From Greenup, by Cedron and Campbell, to
Charleston.
From Havanna, by Q.uiver, Pilot Hill, Long
Point, and Allen's Grove, to Delavan.
From Hennepin, by Florid, Caledonia, Ox
Bow, and Magnolia, to Wenona Station.
From Hickory Hill, by Keeneville and Bell
Prairie, to Mount Seambare.
From Henry, by Lone Tree and Arispe, to
Tiskilwa.
From Hick's Mills, De Kalb county, to Cherry
Valley, Winnebago county.
From Hillsboro', by Woodsbjfo', Mount
Kingston, Staunton, Bunker Hill, and Wood-
burne, to Shipman.
From Hutsonville, by Annapolis, to Bell Air.
From Hutsonville to Elkton.
From Holly, by Illinois City, Copper Creek,
and Eliza, to New Boston.
From Jacksonville, by New Bethel, Ben. H.
Page's, A. H. Calvin's, Samuel B. Hodges, and
Turkeytown, to Peter Wagnon's.
From Jacksonville, by Sandy, Manchester,
White-hall, Carrollton, Kane, Jerseyville, Delhi,
and Godfrey, to Alton.
From Jacksonville, by Indian Creek, Emerald
Point, Rushawey, Petersburg, and Sweet Water,
to Middletown.
From Jacksonville, by Arcadia, to Beardetown.
From Jacksonville, by Franklin, Waverly, Lo-
cust Spring, Cummmgton, and Hoover's Point,
to Carlinville.
From Jefferson, by Leyden Centre and Leyden,
to Sagone.
From Jerseyville, by Jalapa, Letcherville,
Greenfield, Athensville, and Scottsville, to Frank-
lin.
From Jerseyville, by Otter Creek, to Grafton.
From Jerseyville, by Jersey Landing and Port-
age Des Sioux, to St. Charles, Missouri.
From Joliet, by Selfridgeville and Channahon,
to Sandy Ridge.
From Joliet, by Lockport, to Plainfield.
From Joliet, by Jackson Creek and Reed's
Grove, to Wilmington.
From Jonesboro', by Cypress Creek, to Me-
tropolis City.
From Jonesboro', by Western Saratoga, Sugar
Creek, and Bainbridge, to Marion.
From Junction to St. Charles.
From Kankakee Depot, by Bloomville, Pierce,
and Wallingford, to Green Garden.
From Kankakee Depot, by Bourbonnais Grove,
to Rockville.
From Kankakee Depot, by Rinosa, Sammon's
Point, and Farmer's Home, to Plato.
From Kankakee Depot, by Lamburg and Lime-
stone, to Horse Creek.
From Kankakee Depot, by Momence, to Yel-
low Head Grove.
From Kankakee Depot, by Aroma, Mount
Langum, Democrat, and Courtright's Mills, to
Iroquois.
From Kappa, by West Wood, Eureka, Wood-
ford, and Matamoras, to Spring Bay.
From Kappa, by Money Creek, Lexington,
Selma, Indian Grove, Avoca, Pontiae, Sunbury,
New Michigan, Eagle, and Farm Ridge, to Ot-
tawa.
From Kaskaskia, by Ruma, Red Bud, and
Prairie du Long, to Belleville.
From Kaskaskia, by Ellis Grove, Preston,
Risdon, Lewzburg, and Chewing, to Belleville.
From Keithsburg, in Mercer county, by Pope
Creek, Hendersonviile, to Knoxville.
From KeithsOurg, by Sun Beam, Pope Creek,
and Henderson, to Galesburg.
From Knoxville, by the Fuqua Settlement,
Robbins' Farm, Red Oak Grove, and Cambridge
C. H , to Genesee.
From Knoxville, by Magnon, Fairview, and
Independence, to Lewistown.
From Lacon, by Steuben, Lawn Ridge, and
Valley, to Wyoming.
From Lacon, by Shane's Point and Roberts'
Point, to Magnolia.
From Lacon to Weenona Station.
From La Harpe to Blandinsville.
From La Salle, by Todd's Mills, Galloway,
Reading, Long Point, and Rook's Creek, to
Pontiae.
From La Salle, by Arlington, Lamoille, May
Hill, Binghampton, Shelburne, and Amboy, to
Dixon. ;
From Lancaster Landing, by Timber, Bruns-
wick, Farmington, French Creek, Elmore, Lit-
