1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1455
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letciier] sub-
mitted his amendment, which was to come in at
an earlier part of the resolution, and, at the moment,
the Chair said he would entertain it. Very soon
thereafter, however, the Chair stated that the
amendment of the gentleman from Georgia was
first m order, and, until it was disposed of, the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia was
not in order.
Since that time the Chair understands that the
House has ordered the mam question to be now
put. The gentleman from Virginia moves to re-
consider the ordering of the mam question by the
House. That is the proposition under consider-
ation. The gentleman from North Carolina
moves to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
Mr. LETCHER. I have asked that my amend-
ment may be read to the House, in order that
members may know what it is.
The SPEAKER, if it is not objected to, it
will be reported to the House.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I object.
The question then being upon the motion to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table, it was
put; and the motion was agreed to—ayej eighty-
eight, noes not counted.
The question was then upon the passage of the
resolution, as amended.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move to lay the
resolution upon the table; and upon that motion
I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken upon Mr. Davis's mo-
tion; and it was decided in the negative—yens 47,
nays 107; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. AbercrrfmMe, Thomas H. Bayly, Baiks-
dale, Barrj, Ronton, Bocock, Boyce, OaaJue, Churehwell,
Clmsrman, Cobb, Colqiuft, John G. Davis, Eddy, Edmund-
son, Ellison, Ewing, Kaulknor. Hamilton, Aaron Harlan,
Sampson YV. llrirri^, Il<Win;>s Hendricks, Tlomi. Hillyfr,
Houston, Daniel T. Join's, Geoiire W. Jones, Kidwi'll,
Letcher, Smith Miller, Million, Murray, On, Bishop Per-
kins, Phelps, Put year David Ritchie, KiilTin, Shaw, Single-
ton, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, William Smith, David Stu.iit,
Tiacv, arid Trout—47.
NAYS—Mes-srs. Aiken, James C. A-Hen, Willi* Allen,
Applcton, David J Bailey, Banks, Belcher, Bell, Benson,
Bliss, Crooks, Biug, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers,
Chamberlain, Chandler, Chaplain, Clmsman, Clark, Cor
win, Ciooker, Cullom. Thomas Oavt*, IV Wilt, Dick,
Dickinson, Do wdell. Eastman, Edmands, Thomas 1). Eliot,
John M. Elliott. Ettieridjje, Farley, Fenton, Floience,
Guiding^ Goodrich, Greenwood, Hanson, Hill, Howe,
Huglu's, Hunt, Johnson, Roland J oncj., Keitt, Ken, Knox,
Lamb, Latham. Lilly, Lindley, Lindsley, McCulloch, Mc-
Miillm, Maee, Macy, Matteson, Maxwell, May, Mavallc
ftliddle^wartli, Morgan, Nichols, Nrnton, Andiew Oliver,
Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Peck, Pennington, P<m til, Pratt,
Pieston, Prnigie, Ready, Ree?e. Riddle, Thoma«t Ritchey,
ItiKsell, Sabni, Sapp, Seward, Shower, Samuel A Smith,
Giiorue W. Smj-th, Fiedenck 1'. Stanton, Richard H. Stan-
ton, HestorL. St 'ven<, Strauh, John J. Tayloi,John L.
Tavlor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thut>lon, Tweed, Upham,
V.UHant, Walker, VValley, Rllihu B. Wardibui np, Well?,
Tapnan Wcntworih, Westbrook, Wheeler, Witte, and
Hendnck B. Wright—107.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
[Mr. DE WITT, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled a bill
and joint resolution of the following titles; which
were signed by the Speaker:
An act to authorize the issue of registers to
vessels owned by the Accessory Transit Com-
pany; and
A resolution giving the consent of Congress to
the acceptance, by Lieutenant M. F. Maury, of
the Navy, of a gold medal from his Majesty the
King of Sweden.]
Mr. HfLLYER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw the motion.
Mr. HILLYER. I cannot.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the passage of
the resolution, upon which the yeas and nays had
been demanded.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the resolution
was passed.
Mr. WHEELER. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was passed; and
that that motion be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
! the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Secretary,
notifying the House that the Senate had passed
bills of the following titles:
S.B. No. 404. An act to authorize the issue of
a register to the brig Amelia, by the name of Abby
Frances; and
S. B. No. 357. An act for the relief of Urban
Stoll.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to have the record
corrected with regard to my vote. The other
day, when the bill on the subject of postage
was under consideration, I voted against laying
the first four sections upon the table. At that
moment I was called from my seat by a gentle-
man who desired to communicate with me. On
my return the yeas and nays were being called.
The question I piesumed was on the fifth section
of the bill. I voled, as I understood, against lay-
ing that section upon the table. By examination
of the record, however, it will be seen that the
question was on the bill originally introduced by
the chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads. 1 desired to vote to lay that bill
upon the table, because [ was opposed to an in-
crease of the present rate of postage. I ask that
the Journal may be corrected.
There was no objection; and the correction was
accordingly oidered to be made.
MARY P. FRANCISCO.
On motion by Mr EDMUNDSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Mary P Fran-
cisco be wiihdi.iwn trom the files ot the House, lor refer-
ence to the Pension oiftce.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN, i ask unanimous
consent for leave to change the reference of two
bills now before the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
Mr. LETCHER. I object; and move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. There can be no higher priv-
ileged motion than that to adjourn
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish to make a correc-
tion of the Journal, and hope that the gentleman
will withdraw the motion to adjourn, so that I
, may be allowed to do so.
| Mr. LETCHER. 1 insist on the motion to ad-
1 journ.
1   >The SPEAKER. The question arises whether
! or not the gentleman from Connecticut has not the
j right to submit his motion, at least, this being the
; only day during which he can do so; but not to
interrupt the House in its disposition to adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. INGER.SOLL. I find myself recorded as
voting against laying upon the table the bill re-
ported from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. I intended to vote, and I believe that
I did vote, in favor of laying it upon the table. I
wish to have the Journal corrected.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only
effect his object by unanimous consent.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope the House will
grant it to me.
There was no objection; and the correction was
accordingly ordered to be made.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
Jrlouse adjouined (at four o'clock, p. m.) tili to-
morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 20, 1854.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. WADE presented a memorial of inhabit-
ants of Ohio City, Ohio, praying a reduction of
the present rates of ocean postage; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. SEW ARD presented the petition of Thomas
W. Mather, of New York, and William R.
Glover, of Kentucky, merchants trading in Mex-
ico, praying indemnity for property forcibly seized
I by officials of that Republic; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of John
S. Pendleton, praying compensation for services
on a special mission to negotiate a treaty with the
Oriental Republic of Uruguay, in 1852 and 1853,
under instructions received from the President of
the United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. NORRIS presented the memorial of a com-
mittee appointed by the corporation of George-
town, to represent its interests before Congress,
praying the erection of a bridge across the Poto-
mac river at the point known as "The Three
Sisters," according to the plan of Charles El let;
which was referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Also, twenty-three memorials of citizens of
Washington and Georgetown, District of Colum-
bia, and counties of Alexandria, Loudon, and
Fairfax, m the State of Virginia, praying the erec-
tion of a bridge across the Potomac river, on a
site near Georgetown, known as " The Sister
Islands;" which were referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
Mr. DIXON presented a memorial adopted at
a meeting of the inhabitants of Louisville, Ken-
tucky, praying a reduction of the present rates of
ocean postage; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DAWSON. I have had placed in my
hands the petition of the Friends Aid Society of
Washington, District of Columbia. They state
that their object is to establish Sunday schools in
this District, which has been partially done; and
that they desire to establish free day-schools
within the limits of the District. They state that
they do this with the concurrence of every denom-
ination, there being nothing sectarian at all con-
nected with it. They say they also wish to estab-
lish an asylum, providing employmentforthe idle
and instruction for the ignorant; and a house for
the protection of females who deserve the inter-
ference and support of the better portion of crea-
tion, in order to rescue them from certain habits
calculated to bring evil upon society. I present
the petition, and ask that it be referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia. I hope
that committee will take it into consideration, and
if possible make a report which will carry out
these worthy purposes.
The petition was so referred.
M r. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, presented the
memorial of Edward D. Tippett, praying that an
appropriation may be made to enable him to test
the cold water safety steam engine, of which he is
the inventor; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the proceedings of
the fourth anniversary of the White River Arkan-
sas Baptist Convention, held in Izard county,
Arkansas, in favor of the adoption of measures
for securing to American citizens in foreign coun-
tries the same degree of religious liberty that is
enjoyed by the citizens of those countries emi-
grating to the United States; which were ordered
to he on the table.
A motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN to print the
above proceedings, was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
HOOSAC TUNNEL.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, T present the
memorial of the Troy and GreenBeld Railroad
Company* a corporation of Massachusetts, which
represents that they are engaged in the enterprise
of tunneling the Hoosac Mountain, on the air
line between Troy and Boston, and on the most
direct route between the great West, New Eng-
land, the British Provinces, and Europe; that this
tunnel will advance the value of the public lands
by rendering them more accessible, their occu-
pants more prosperous, and their productions
more valuable; that it will strengthen the bonds
which hold the Union tog-ether, and will secure
the speedy transmission of the public mails, will
facilitate the quick transmission of fresh fish from
the sea-coast to the interior, promote intercourse,
stimulate commerce, and contribute to the de-
fense of the country. They further represent
that this is not merely a State work, for it lies
near the junction of three States, Massachusetts#
