1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'145
except tlie amount of $53 3334 funded per capita certain
Cherokee* for «-ubMStenoe ami removal—-59*2,b95 19, with
interest from the I4lh December, to time of payment:
Provided, rtiaun nocase^hali any money hereby appropri-
ated be paid to any a f nt of said J mlians, or to any other per-
son or persons than me Indian or Indians io wjifom it is due:
Provided aUo, That the Indian, or Indian^who elta.tl re
ceive the said money, ahall first respectively sign a receipt
ot lease acknowledging tiie same to be uyfullof all demands
under the alureeaid tieatte-. * S
I do not propose, Mr. Chairenan, farther to dis-
cuss the merits of the amendment, but to answer,
so far as my time wilt permit, some of the objec-
tions which have been made to it. The amend-
ment, as I have before remarked, is based on the
treaty of 3835. Ry that treaty it is expressly and
definitively provided that such Cherokees as were
averse to removing West should be permitted to
remain in the States if they hecame citizens. It
matters not what appropriations have been made,
■whether this Government has dealt fairly and
justly by the Indians,orwhethertheyremained in
the States so long as the Government made that
stipulation with them. It h not for us to stand
up here to-day and object to paying what is due
on that account; and especially if gentlemen will
remember that the tieaty of 1835 was made by a
class of men in the Cherokee nation, who were
doomed by John Ross and his party. They dare
notgoto the Westnow. Manyofthosewhomade
the treaty have suffered death in consequence. Not
only those who went to the West fell under the
knife and hatchet, but many who remained eastof
the Mississippi. The gentleman from Alabama
complains that we are giving bounties to them for
not ^oing West under the treaty, and because
they remained in the States against the policy of
the Government. He says that, therefore, they
are not entitled to the provisions of the treaty.
They dare not go to the home of the western Chero-
kees. They are the men who signed the treaty of
1835; and Mr. Rogers, who is prosecuting this
claim, is one of them. If he went to the land of the
•western Cherokees he would go to his grave.
In addition to many othersof the tribe, Boudinot,
the colaborer of Guess, who did for the Indian
what Cadmus did for the Greeks, found his grave
in signing the treaty. These men were bound to
remain in the States, or sacrifice their lives. And
will you deny them their rights under your trea-
ties because they chose to avail themselves of their
stipulations?
Gentlemen claim that the eastern Cherokees
have no rights here because the proviso to the set-
tlement of February 27, 1851, under the treaty of
1846, precludes them. The Cherokee nation, un-
der that settlement, have no claim upon the Gov-
ernment, for they were required, when they took
the money, to file a release in full. That they
have done. It was done by the Cherokee nation,
and rot by the men who have separated from the
nation; who have lost their tribal character; who
have become i espected citizens and many of them
voters of the States of Tennessee, North Carolina,
and Georgia; who have adopted the habits of civ-
ilization, and are now living in a civilized commu-
nity, in obedience to the laws of organized States.
The men who are pressing this claim are not
precluded by that act, for they are individual citi-
zens, belonging to no tribe of Indians, and who
have belonged to no tribe since the treaty of 1835.
They have remained in the States not from choice,
but because if they moved West they would do
so at the peril of their lives; but under the provis-
ions of the treaty of 1835 they had a right to re-
main, and they are not precluded by anything in
the treaty of 1*846; for that treaty contains an ex-
press clause reserving to them all their rights under
the treaty of 1835 and 1836.
The gentleman from Alabama says that the
wording of that provision was intended to cover
their per capita and preemption rights. All pre-
emption rights that these eastern Cherokees ever
had under the treaty of 1835 were stricken out by
the supplementary treaty of 1836. What, then,^
was the meaning of the language of the treaty of
1846? Why, it preserved all the rights of the
eastern Cherokees under the treaty of 1835 in
the treaty fund. Can you, then, take that treaty
fund for any other purpose than that for which it
was set apart?
Mr. HOUSTON". The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania says that these eastern Cherokees have
belonged to no tribe of Indians since the treaty of
1835. Well, if that be true, they are bound only
by the provisions of the treaty of 1835, and are I
only entitled to their share of the treaty fund, |
under that treaty, which was $5,000,000. The I
treaty of 1836 gave the Cherokees $600,000; j
the law of 1838 gave them over Ji,000,000 more; !
the law of 1816 gave them otner advantages, i
and the law of lrt51 gave them §724,000 more. [
Well, if the gentleman is correct in his statement
I hat they have belonged to no tribe since 1835,
then 1 say they aie parties to none of those
treaties, and are, therefore, entitled to no part of
the funds created by any treaty since the treaty
of 1835. They would, therefore, be excluded
from the provisions of the supplemental treaty of
1836, of the law of 1838, of the treaty of 1846, of
the law of 1851, and every other donation that has
been made since 1835, and thereby they would
lose five times as much as this bill proposes to
give them. I take the gentleman upon his own
statement, and upon his own issue, and if it is
true that they did not belong to the tribe after the
treaty of 1835, then they had no part in the
treaties sub&equerttly made, and are entitled to
none of the considerations given by those treaties.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I desire to offer the fol-
lowing amendment to the amendment:
That the Commissioner of Indian Affairs be directed to
ascertain whether any Cherokees ea^t of the Mississippi
r ver wete omitted or overlooked in taking the census here-
t ifore, and that he place upon the roll all such, and pay to
tlinn the same mum that tliose oil the roll have already re-
ceived or ate to receive.
Mr. ORR. 1 rise to a question of order. I
submit that the amendment offered by the gentle-
mm fiom Georgia [Mr. Chastain] cannot be
legitimately made to the pending amendment. It
is not germane, and is upon altogether a different
subject.
■TheiCHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that thsameiidment submitted by the gentleman
from Gioigia is m order.
Mr. CHASTAIN. The object of the amend-
ment I have offered is to give to those Indians
residing east of the Mississippi, who have here-
tofore been neglected in taking the census, and
whose names have not been placed upon the roll,
the same benefit that those Indians have received
whose names have been placed on the roll. In
1851, the Government sent on a commissioner for
the purpose of enrolling the names of the Indians
east of the Mississippi who were entitled to receive
a portion of the benefits of the appropriation of
that ye.ir. There are, perhaps, twenty-five or
thirty, whose names, as I ascertain, have not been
placed upon the roll, and who have written to me
on the sul ject, in order to obtain the money which
was due 10 them under the act of 1851. Their
names haie not been enrolled, and the consequence
was, that they were precluded from their share
of the a| propriation. The commissioner who
was sent «>n the part of the Government to enroll
the names of the Indians passed through the
country in great haste, and those whose names
have been omitted did not even know that he
was in the country until he had passed through.
The result was that they were neglected, although
they are as much entitled to the benefits of the ap-
propriation made for the Indians east of the Mis-
sissippi as those whose names were enrolled. I
do not think that any gentleman can ha.ve the
slightest objection to the amendment I haveoffered
to remedy theneglectof the commissioner towards
these Indians.
Mr. ORR. I was quite sure that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia was not in
order when he first read it; and I am still more
satisfied from the fact that it has reference to
another fund, and pertains to a different subject
altogether from that embraced in the amendment
proposed by my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Grow.] I am opposed to the amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia. The subject to which
his amendment relates is before the Committee on
Indian Affairs, but as yet they have not examined
it, and therefore have not come to any conclusion
upon it. I do not know whether the committee
will recommend that the provisions of the amend-
ment be carried out or not.
Mr. CHASTAIN. Will the gentleman from
South Carolina allow me to ask him a question ?
If the Committee on Indian Affairs, after an in-
vestigation of the proposition I have now sub-
mitted, come to the conclusion that it is just and
proper that the claim should be paid, will they
agree to report a bill to that effect ?
Mr. ORR. Yes.
Mr. CHASTAIN. That is all I want; and if
there is no objection I withdraw my amendment.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I believe the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Grow] is now pending?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move to amend the
amendment by increasing it $100,000. I move it
for the purpose of enabling me to submit a few
remarks in regard to the propriety of the amend-,
ment offered by the' gentleman from Pennsylvania. ■
I know that the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, with whom I have acted in rela-
tion to this bill, is anxious to dispose of it as soon .
as possfble; but being apprised, to some extent,
personally of the history of these transactions
with the Indians, I cannot refrain from submit-
ting a few remarks in regard to the subject.
I am familiar with the provisions of the treaty
of 1835, and also with those of the supplemental
treaty of 1836, having been a resident near those
Indians at the time those treaties w«re made. I
knew the parties engaged in them—the parties to
which the Government look as the treaty-making
power.
There is but one question, in my opinion, in-
volved in the amendment which has been offered
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Those
Cherokees who saw proper to remain in the States
then composed a part of the Cherokee nation. By
the provisions of the treaty ceitam amounts were
agreed upon to be deducted from the treaty fund,
for subsistence and removal; and the whole matter
resolves itself into a question as to this amount
agreed upon for subsistence and removal. It is in
reference to the excess whic,h was paid to Ross
and his party, under an arrangement between him
and General Scott, in 1838, and which was de-
ducted from the treaty fund, and of the disburs-
ing of the same, of which they complain. That
is the only question which is submitted to this
committee—whether or not they will suffer those
Indians who saw proper to remain in the States
to be prejudiced by a subsequent arrangement be-
tween General Scott and Ross?
I was there in 1838, when this arrangement was
concluded. I am aware of the fact that Ross got
the advantage of General Scott in that arrange-
ment. There is no doubt of that. Some portion
of them removed,and the amount allowed for that
purpose was increased to |105 to each man, in
regard to some detachments which were removed
west. Is it right or just that this treaty fund
should be taken to pay those expenses, to the ex-
clusion of those who remained in the States, and
who now reside there? That is the only question
before us. They hold that the Government had
no right, by an arrangement-with Ross, or any
other person, to deprive them of any privileges
they were entitled to under the treaties of 1835-'6.
How was it, that by the treaty of 1846 it was
provided, that the rights secured to them by the
treaties of 1835-'6 were not to be prejudiced thereby,
if they had no just cause of complaint against the
Government on account of the disposition of the
funds in that manner? There was that express
reservation m that treaty. It is true,as remarked
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston-,]
this question was not submitted to the considera-^
tion of the Senate committee at the time this general
arrangement was entered into. But, from that
very fact I have no doubt they had an eye to the
! rights of the Cherokees eastof the Mississippi.
' Hence the provision in the treaty of 1846 was
adopted, by which they were not to be prejudiced
in any riehts they had acquired under the treaties
of 1835-T6.
Mr. ORR. I am opposed pro forma to the
amendment of my friend from Arkansas. I am
very anxious that a vote should be taken upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Grow]—that it shall be disposed of one way
or the other, so that the committee may rise, and
report the bill to the House.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I withdraw my amend-
ment, if there be no objection.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Grow's
amendment, upon which tellers had been de-
manded.
