2314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
tletonville, Victoria, "Walnut Grove, Bishop Hill,
ami Red Oak, to Cambridge.
Fiom Lac>n to Toulon.
Fiom Lwrenceville, bv Petty's, Strmgtown,
St. Marie, Newtown, and Rose Hill, to Gieenup.
Ftom L-twrer.revilie, by O d Farm, Fiat Rock,
and New ilebion,tn Robinson.
From Lima, by Howaidsville,Greenvale, Mill-
ville, MountSumner, and Thatcher, to Baltimore.
From Lewistown, by Cuba, Fiat, Ellisville,
and Troy Mills, to St. Augustine.
From Leyden Centre, by Mainville,Elk Grove,
Plum. Palatine, and Shaumburg, to Barrington.
From Lisbon, by Ohio Farm, to Ausabie.
From Louisville to Maysville.
From Louisville, by Larkmsburg, Hickory
Creek, and Four-mile Prairie, to Vandalia.
From Lyons, by Brush Hill, to Downer's
Grove.
From Jonesboro', by Cane's Store and Luth's
Store, to York.
From Macomb, by Drowning Fork, Virgil,
Ellisville, arid Fair View, to Farmington.
From Macomb, by Johnson, Table Grove, and
Bernadotte, to Lewistown.
From Mar-omb, by Drowning Fork, Avon, St.
Auirustine, Warrenton, and Abingdon, to Gales-
burg.
Fiom Macomb, by Burnsville, Swan Creek,
Roseville, Monmouth, Spung Grove, North Hen-
derson, Pope Creek, Fallow'* Grove, Preemp-
tion, Pleasant Ridge, and Camden, to Rock Isl-
and .
From Marengo, by Riley, Ney, Genoa, Syca-
more, De Kalb Centie, LostGrove, Swan Grove,
Squaw Grove, and Somonauk, to Buck Branch,
on the Aurora Extension Railroad.
From Marengo, by Romeo, Dunham, Big Foot,
and Walwoith, Wisconsin, to Darien.
From Marshall, by Margaretta and West field,
to Cbaileston.
From Marshall, by Fmcastlc, to Grand View.
Ftom Marshall, by Salisbury, Campbell, and
Spniigvdle, to Shelbyville.
Fi« m McLeansboro', by Night's Prairie, Hall,
and Webb's Praute, to Benton.
From McLeansboro' to Liberty.
Ftom McLeansboro', by Keenville and Bell
Prairie, to fIickory Hill.
Fiom McLeansboro' to Marion.
From McLeansboro', by Rector, to Equality.
Fiom Mauldmg's Mills, by Ropkin's Giov*;,
Davis's Store, and William L. Button's, to Ben-
ton.
From Mendota, by Princeton and Weathers-
field, toGrtlexburg.
From Mendota, by Troy Grove, Ovid, Lee
Centre, Fianklin Grove, Taylor, Daysville, Lee,
Fir?. Henry, Stillwater, and Kisinvakie, to Ruck-
ford.
From Mendota, by Perkm's Giove, Lamoille,
and Dovej, to Princeton.
Fiom Mendota, by Tioy Grove, to Dimmick.
Fiom Metropolis City, by Brooklyn, to Padu-
cab, Kentucky.
From Marengo, by Delavnn, to White Water,
W tscoDSin.
From Middleport, by Wool, Quitman, and
Butler, to Urbana.
From Middleporf, by Milford, Rio, North
Fork, and Myei's Mills, to Danville.
Fiom Middleport, by Milford, Oxford, Brig-
ham's* Grove, and Montmorency, to Lafayette,
Indiana.
From Middleport to the nearest post office on
the Illinois Central Raihoad.
From Mobne, by Brooklyn, Green River,
Penney's Ferry, Sharon, Sprinir Hill, Portland,
Prophetstown, and Colema,to Dixon.
From Mohne, by Hampton, Port Byron, Eiie,
Lyndon, Como, Sterling, and Gap Grove, to
Dixon.
From Mokena, by Chelsea, Green Garden,
Wallmgford, Pierce, Bloomville, Bourbonnais, to
Kankakee Depot.
From Monmouth, by Denny, Little York, and
Pope Mills, to New Boston.
From Monmouth, by Grove Farm and Olena,
to Hopper1.-* Mills.
From Mokena, by Hadley, Gooding's Green,
Pains, Orland, to Mokena.
From Mount Carmel, by New Hope, Albion,
arid Wabash, to Fairfield.
From Mount Carmel to Princeton, Indiana.
From Mount Carmel, by Garti's Point, Mill
Prairie, Parkeisburg, and Fransonta, to Mays-
ville.
From Mount Carmel, by Friendsville, Mier,
Bon Pas, and Calhoun, to Olney.
Fiom Mount Curmei, by Friendsville, Mier,
Ruark, und Olive, to L?iwrencevills.
From Vlouot C mtuI! to Hanover.
From Mount Carroll, by Pleasant Valley, to
Howardsville
From Morris, by Mazon, Clarion, and Fair-
mount, to Dwight.
From Morris, by Lisbon, Haldersnan'a Grove,
Newark, Milhnirton, and Ashbury,to Sandwick.
Fiom Morris, by Lisbon and Newark, to the
Station east of Lanmonack, on the Aurora Ex-
tension Railroad.
From Mount Morris, by Vanceborough, Ava,
Rock Run, and Rock Grove, to Spring Grove.
From Mount Morns to Buffalo Grove.
From Montezuma to Glasgow.
From Murphysboro', by Carbondale, to Ma-
rion.
From Naples, by Griggsville, Pittsfield, Barry,
arid Kinderhook, to Hannibal, Missouri.
l"Vuin Naples, by Meredosia, Areuzville, and
Virginia, to Bath.
From Naples to Perry.
From Naperville, by Warrenville, to Wheaton.
From New ll-innony, Indiana, by McLeans-
boro', Benton, Pleasant Shades, Mount Haw-
kins, Pmckneyville, Galum, Steel's Mills, to
Chester.
Fiom Nashville, by Baneysburg, Pinckneys-
ville, and Vergennes, to Murphysboro'.
Fiom New Enn, by Waddam's Grove, Mc-
Coni)ell's Grove, Wmslow, and Cad) 's, to Mon-
roe, Wisconsin.
From Nashville, by Rirhview Station, Blisville,
Mount Vci iidii, Black Oak, Mauldm's Mills, and
New Fianklin, to Fun field
From Nashutle, by Sassafras Hill and Beaman,
to Cai lyle.
From Ndes, by South Northfield, Northfield,
Deei field, and Emmit, to Wauke^an.
From Noyesvdle, by Proviso, Yot k Centre, Bo-
napaite, Lisle, Wanenvilie, and Big Woods, to
An rorav
From Nauvoo, by Indiunola, Pontoosac, Dallas
City, Shokokon, Ilarpei's Mills, Oquawka,
Keithsbuig, and New Boston, to Miilersburg.
From Newton, by Willow Hill, Yale, Zero,
and Johnson's Mills, to Martinsville.
From New Haven to Benton.
From Olney to Ste. Marie.
From Oquawka, by Keithsburg, New Boston,
and Milleisbuig, to Rock Island.
From Oiegon, by Mount Morris, Adeline, and
Ciane's Gtove, to Freepoit.
From Oregon, by Pain's Point and White Rock,
to Linden a ooil.
Fiom Ottawa, by Prairie Centre, Ophir, and
No Grove, to Mendota.
From Ottawa, by Dayton, Serena, Northville,
Ashbury, and PenJield, to Bristol.
Fiom O'tav.u, by Norway, Mission Point,
Newaik, Pavilion, Mansfield, Bustol, Oswego,
and Montgomery, to Aurora
From Oitawa, by Brookfield, Waupousie, and
Mason, to Wilmington.
From Oquawka to Builington, Iowa,
From Panola Station, by Matamora, to Spring
Bay.
From Palestine, by Robinson, Elkton, Bell Air,
and H^zeldell, to Greenup.
FYoni Paris to New Go>hen.
From Pekin, by Tiemont, Mackinaw, Stout's
Grove, and Wilksboro', to Bloomington.
From Pekm, by Spring Lake, to Havana.
From Pekin, by Dillon and Armington, to
Mount Hope.
From Pektn, by Dillon, Armington, and Mount
Hope, to Waynesvtile.
From Pekin, bv Circleville, to Delavan.
From Pekin, by Kingston Mines and Timber,
to Canton.
From Peoria, by Washington and Eureka, to
Kappa.
From Peona, by Little Detroit, Spring Bay,
Partridge Creek, and Crow Creek, to Lacon.
From Peoni, by Farmington, Fairview, Ellis-
ville, Macomb, Carthage, Chili, and Mendon, to
Quincy.
From Peona, by Wesley City,to Groveland.
From Peoria, by Washington, Me'aroora, Low
Point, Washburn, Ciow Meadow, Magnolia,
M"unt Palatine, Point Republic, Lowell, Tonica
Station, and Deer Park, to Ottawa,
From Peona, by Chihicothe, Lacoo, Henry,
Hennepin, F!ot id , and Grandville, to Tonica Sta-
tion, Illinois Cer.ttal railroad.
From Peoila, by Morton and Forney, to Con-
cord.
From Peoria, by Mount Hawley, Southamp-
ton, Wyoming, Toulon, Weather*field, Burns,
Genesee, Sharon, Erie, and Kingsbury, to Fulton.
From Peoria, by Farmington, Faiiv.ew, Ellis-
ville, Macomb, Argyle, and Carthage, to War-
saw.
From Peru, by Troy Grove, Paw Paw Grove,
Shabouches Grove, Cottonvslie, Bush's Point,
and Lacy, to Belvidere.
From Pittsfield to New London, Missouri.
From Pittsfield, by New Hartford, Atlas, and
Rookfoid, to Louisiana.
From Pittsfield to Carrollton.
From Pittsfield, by Griggsville, Perry, and
Chambersburg, to Versailles.
From Pittsfield, by Martinsburg and Pleasant
Hill, to Clarksville.
Fiom Pittsfield, by Milton, to Montezuma.
From Plainfieldj by Naansey, to Oswego.
F'om Pulaski, by Elm Grove, Clayton, Walk-
er's Neck, Buck Horn, and Wnite Oak Springs,
to Peiry.
From Quincy to Palmyra, Missouri.
From Quincy, by CJrsa JMarcehne, Lima,
Rocky Run, Warsaw, and Hamilton, to Keokuk,
Iowa.
From Quincy, by Payson and Rtdifield, to
Barry.
Fiom Quincy, by Mendon, Woodvdle, Chili,
Rough and Ready, Carthage, "Websfei. Fountain,
Green, Friendship, mid Argyle, to Macomb.
From Qmncy, by Columbus, Camp Point,
Clayton, Mount Sterling, Versailles, and Mere-
dasia, to Jacksonville.
From Quincy, by Burton, Liberty, Fair weather,
Beverly, Belmont, New Salem, New Maysville,
and Griggsville, to Naples.
From Raliegh, by Griswold, to M' Leansboro'.
From Raleigh, by Bankstown, Independence,
and Somerset, to Elizabethtown.
From Raleigh, by H. Garner's, W. N. Mitch-
ell's, and Thomas Saunder's, to Marion.
From Riley, McHenry county, to Genoa.
From Robinson, by Oblong and Willow Hill,
to Newton.
From Robinson, by Eaton and Anderson, to
Marshall.
From Rockton, by Laona, to Monroe.
From Rockton, by Harrison and Medina, to
Laona.
From Rock Island, by Pleasant. Ridge, Holly,
Buffalo Piairie, and Drury, to Muscatine, Iowa.
Fiom Rock Island, by Camden, Prairiefield,
Richland Grove, Meridian, Oxford, North Prai-
rip. Henderson, Centre Point, and Galesburg, to
Knoxville.
From Rock Island, by Camden Mills, Orion,
and Cambiidge, to Burn's.
From Rock Island to Davenport, Iowa.
From Rock Island, by Genesee and Princeton,
to Peoria.
From Rock Island, by Pennsylvania, Oiion,
Morri&town, and Andover, to Cambridge C. H.
From Rock Island, by Camden, Pleasant Ridge,
and Millersburg, to Keithsburg.
From Rushvi le, by Camden, Brooklyn, Hunts-
ville, Pulaski, Augusta, Plymouth, St. Mary's,
Elm Tree. Carthage, Warsaw, and Hamilton, to
Keokuk, Iowa.
From Rushville, by Littleton, Doddsville,
Grind Stone, Macomb, and Blandinsville, to Bur-
lington, Iowa.
From Rushville, by Wilson's Ferry, to La
Grange Bluff.
From Rushville. by Ripley, to Mount Sterling.
From Rushville. by Astoria, Vermont, Spava,
Otto, Lewistown, Fulton Centre, Canton, Farm-
mgton, and Tripoli, to Peoria.
From Rushviile, by Scott's Mill, Pleasant
Ridge, Clayton, Bunt's Mills, Kingston, and
Richland, to Hannibal, Missoun.
From Scott, by Vienna, Waupousie Grove, and
Morris, to Mason, in Grundy county.
From Salem, by Racoon, Rome, Mount Ver-
non, Spring Garden, Ewing, Benton, Frankfort,
