1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
cases for the district of San Francisco, California, per ap-
pointment, dated 21st of September, 1«49, by the late Gen-
eral B- RHisy, white Governor-of that country, from lit
October, 1«49, to 1st April, 1850, .$750.
For the purchase of a new cite tor the custom-house in
San Franci.-co, $250,000, and the Secretary of the Treasury
is hereby authorized, if in Ins judgment the public interest
will thereby be promoted, to apply this appropriation, and
as much as may be necessary of former appropriations, for
the erection of a custom-house on the land reserved for said
purpose, to the purchase of a building or buildings, for a
custom-house and other public offices; aiid the said Secre-
tary ol the Treasury is hereby directed to take all legal
proceedings which may be necessary or advisable, to main-
tain and secure the possession and title of the United States
to the lot heretofore selected for the site of a custom-house.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I ask for a
separate vote upon that item.
The PRESIDENT. That item then will be
ex cepted.
The next proposed amendment was read. It is
to strike out the following item:
*< For compensation for the discharge of United States con-
sular duties at Constantinople, in conformity with the act
of Congress, approved August 11, J848, $3,594 50, or &o
much thereof as may be necessary, to be paid under the di-
rection of the Secretaiy ofritaie, to such person or persona
as may be entitled to the same,or any portion thereof."
The last amendments proposed by the commit-
tee were the following additional sections:
Sec.—. Jlndbeit further enactrt, That all books, papers,
documents, and records, m the Department of the Interior,
may be copied and certified under the seal of that Depart-
ment, (which is hereby recognized as legal,) in the same
manner as those m the other Executive Departments may
now by law be, and with the same force and effect.
Sec. —. JInti be it. further enacted, That hereafter the
commissions of all officers, under the direction and control
of the Secretary of the Interior, shall be made out and re-
corded in the Department of tlic Interior, and the seal of
the --aid Deparment affixed thereto, any laws to the con-
trary notwithstanding: Provided. That the said seal shall
not be affixed to any such commission before the same
shall have been signed by the President of the United j
States.
Sec. —. Jlndbeit further enacted, Thatbefore any pay-
ment shall hereafter be made to any invalid pensioner,
whu&e name, shall have been upon the pension list two
years, he shall produce to thp agent (or paying pensions to
whom be shall apply for payment the affidavit of two sur-
geons or physicians, approved by the Secretary of the In-
tenor, stating, from personal examination, the continuance
of the disability, describing it, for which the pension was
originally granted, and the date of such disability at the
time of making such affidavit, and every two years after
the date of such affidavit, he shall, before receiving* any
further payment, produce to said agent a similar affidavit;
and if in said affidavit the disability shall be stated at arate
below that for which the pension was originally granted,
be shall only be paid at the rate stated in said affidavit—said
affidavit shall be filed by said agents, and carefully preserved,
and copies thereof shail be transmitted, with the semi-an-
nual returns of said agents, to the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, who shall file them with the original papers of said
pensioner, respectively : Provided, That when the pension
shall have been originally granted by a special act of Con-
gress, or for a total disability tor the loss ot a limb, or other
cause, which cannot be removed, either in whole or in part,
the above affidavit shall not be required: J3nd provided
futtker, That if any person entitled to an invalid pension
shail be in the possession of a salaried civil office, his pen-
sion shall be suspended during the time of his employment
in said civil office.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask for a separate vote upon
the last section.
The PRESIDENT. That amendment will be
excepted; and also the amendment upon which
the Senator from Maine asks for a separate vote.
Mr. W ALKER. I wish the Senator from Vir-
ginia, the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
would explain the amendment which provides for
the repeal of certain limitations on the appropria-
tions for the commission to run the boundary line
between the United States and Mexico, under the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
Mr. HUNTER. The limitations referred to in
that amendment are limitations which were im-
posed, in former appropriation bills, upon the
Mexican boundary commission. According to
them, the commission would expire during the
next fiscal year. The amendment is designed to
continue it. It is necessary that it should be con-
tinued, in order to enable the commission to con-
clude its business. That is all.
The amendments, except those reserved for a
separate vote.j£ere then agreed to.
The ques^on then recurred upon the following
item:
" For the purchase of a new site for the custom-house in
San Francisco, $250,000; and the Secretary ol the Treasury
is herehy authorized, if in his judgment the public interest
will thereby b« promoted, to apply thi5? appropriation, ana
as much as may be ivecessaiy of former appropriations, tor
the erection of a custom house on the land reserved lor
said purpose to the purchase of a building or buildings, for
a custom-house and other public offices; and the said Sec-
retary of the Tieasuryis Jieieby directed to take all legal
proceedings which may be necessary or advisable to main-
tain and secure the possession and title of the United States
to the lot heretofore selected for the site of a custom-
house."
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, according to
former laws, a custom-house was directed to be
built on a certain lot reserved by the United States
and claimed by them, on the water front of the
city of San Francisco. Some $80,000 or $90,000
were expended by the United States in piling and
preparing this lot for the reception of the edifice
which it is proposed to erect. During the process
of preparing the lot for the building, it was ascer-
tained that some claim was set up to it by the
State of California. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury proposed to the Government of the State of
California, to relinquish any claim which it might
have to this lot, before he proceeded further with
the completion of the custom-house. This the
authorities of that State have refused to do; the
State government has refused to relinquish its
title to the lot. Then, although we are of opin-
ion that we are entitled to it, yet it would be dan-
gerous to <*0 on with so expensive a building
upon land in regard to which our title is uncer-
tain. it is therefore proposed, in order to gain
time, to prosecute our title to this lot by all legal
means; that we should vest in the Secretary of the
Treasury a power to divert the appropriation to
some other lot, to enable him to purchase some
other site on which he may erect a building, or
purchase some site on which there are buildings
now erected.
It was thought better to do this than stop the
appropriation entirely, because the rents which
we are paying for Government offices in San Fran-
cisco are very large, being between §130,000 and
$140,000 per annum. In order to get rid of this
annual drain it was thought better to proceed
with the buildingof a house for the custom-house
and the other public offices; and in order that we
might do so, and obtain the means of prosecuting
our title in safety to this lot which we claim, we
propose to vest in the Secretary of the Treasury
the power to buy another site and build upon it,
or to buy another site upon which buildings are
already erected. This stands, therefore, in a dif-
ferent position from other custom-house appropri-
ations. We propose to do this in order that we
may not lose time, in order that we may not lose
the materials which have already been purchased,
and for which contracts were made when it was
supposed there would be no difficulty in building
the custom-house on this lot.
For these reasons the case seemed to the com-
mittee to stand on differentgrounds from other ap-
propriations for custom-houses. The Secretary of
the Treasury thought it was important, in order to
secure the interests of the United States, that such
a power should be vested in him. The Commit-
tee on Finance concurred with him in that opinion,
and reported this amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have no objection to the
appropriation; it may be advisable that it should
be included in this bill, but still I do not think the
reasons which the chairman of the committee has
given are such as should necessarily induce us to
include this appropriation and exclude others of a
like character. There may be a controversy be-
tween the State of California and the General
Government in relation to the fee of the site on
which it is proposed to erect a* custom-house. It
may be, and it is true, that the Government is pay-
ing large sums for the use of buildings for ware-
house and custom-house purposes. Still, it seems
to me that it would be more appropriate to place
this appropriation in another deficiency bill, which
the Committee of Ways and Means of the House
have already reported, and create no uneasiness
by allowing one appropriation for such a purpose
as this to precede others of a like character.
Now, sir, we have before the Committee on
Commerce a memorial asking for an appropria-
tion to rebuild the custom-house at Portland,
Maine, which has been recently destroyed by fire.
That case is certainly much stronger than the one
from California. The building which has been
destroyed afforded accommodations for the United
States courts and post office, and the Government
is now paying large sums of money for accommo-
dations for those purposes, but they are of an in-
ferior character, and not such us are adequate to
the place, or as the citizens have a right to expect
and should be afforded. If this appropriation is
to be included, I ask that other appropriations for
works similarly situated shall also be included.
That is all I ask. I simply desire that there shall
be a similarity in the action of the Government on
various cases; and for the purpose of testing the
sense of the Senate I move to amend the amend-
ment of the committee byadding:
For rebuilding the custom-house at Portland, Maine*
$200,000; said building fo contain accommodations for a
post office and rooms for the United States courts.
Mr. HUNTER. I will say to the Senator from
Maine, that I would sooner abandon the amend-
ment in relation to the San Francisco custom-
house than agree to have it amended by adding other
custom-houses; not that I mean to pass upon the
propriety of the appropriations for custom-houses,
but I know that to send the bill back to the House
with the custom-house appropriations in it will
endanger its final passage. I shall, therefore, feel
constrained, if the Senate amend the amendment
in this way, to vote against the amendment of the
committee. I thought—and the Committee on Fi-
nance, when they considered this amendment,
thought—it stood upon a different ground from the
proposition of the Senator from Maine, and from
other appropriations of the same nature. The
Government will lose nothing if it does not rebuild
the custom-house at Portland, except the neces-
sary loss occasioned by delay; but in the San
Francisco case, if we leave things as they now
stand, the Government runs this risk; As the law
now stands, the Secretary must go on and build a
custom-house on a lot the title to which is uncer-
tain, thus jeopardizing a large amount of money.
Besides that, in order to make use of the materials
for which contracts have been made, and in order
to prevent the payment of damages to the con-
tractor, it is necessary to provide some means by
which the materials may be used, or some au-
thority by which the Secretary of the Treasury
may settle with their owners. Unless we pass
this provision, the Secretary, according to the
powers now vested in him,and theduties now im-
posed upon him, must go on with the building on
this lot, and use the materials; or if he should
think he had the power to suspend the building,
we should certainly be exposed to damages which
would be claimed by the contractors, because the
materials were ready, and had not been used.
Here was a case for which we thought some legis-
lation was necessary. Here were difficulties which
we had to meet in this case, and which did not
arise in regard to any of the other custom-houses.
We thought, therefore, we could venture to put in
this without bringing up the whole question of the
custom-house appropriations; but if it does bring
up that question, if the Senate amend the amend-
ment by putting on other custom-houses, weshall
be forced to vote against our own amendment, be-
cause we know that that question, if connected
with this bill, will endanger it in the House of
Representatives.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, according to
the explanation given by the honorable Senator
from Virginia, I think there is something singular
and objectionable in the appropriation now pro-
posed to be made. He says, an appropriation was
made for the building of a custom-house in San
Francisco on a lot which the Government claimed
and thought it owned; but that after it had gone
so far as to expend some $90,000 to prepare the
lot to receive the building, the State of California
came forward with what, up to that time, was a
latent claim, and asserted title to the lot; and now
sets up this claim against the claim of the United
States. It is singular, indeed, that such a claim
should not have been discovered before the expen-
diture of so large a sum of money. It is strange
that the State in which that city is located should
have remained quiet, knowing her rights, and
permitted the Government to go on and make
this expenditure, and make no development in
regard to her tide or her claim prior to the time
when it was presented. It seems, too, that the
Secretary of the Treasury has interceded and en-
deavored to obtain a surrender from the State of
California of her title to this lot, in order that the
Government may go on and complete the custom-
house there; but California declines to do this, and
now the United States are about to be subjected to
great loss, unless another place for a custom-house
can be found,and an appropriation madeto buy it.
Sir, I do not like this. I do not know how the
Senate may feel, but it looks to me rather ex-
traordinary that now, after the expenditure of
