THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 22, 1854.
New Series No. 92.
The list of screw steamers gives: 2 of 120 guns;
1 of 101 guns; 5 of 90 guns; 2 of 80 guns; 8 of 50
to 70 guns; 6 of 21 to 40 guns.
The screw steamers in course of completion
were: 3 of 100 to 120 guns; 6 of 90 guns; 3 of 80
guns; 1 of 50 guns.
The application of the screw to the ordinary-
ship of the line, giving her an auxiliary speed of
from four to seven knots, is the salient improve-
ment where the British have excelled the French.
Even while we are writing, we learn that the
Cressy, a ninety-gun ship of the Baltic fleet, was
driven from her moorings, and only saved from
going ashore on the Swedish coast by her screw.
Some idea of the formidable character of the
British Navy may be obtained by a glance at the
following force, which sailed from Spithead on the
11th of April last, and which constitutes only the
first division of the Baltic fleet:
SCREW UXK-OF-BATTLE SHIPS.
Ships. Guns. Men. H. P.
The Duke of Wellington 131 1100 780
The Royal George 120 990 400
Tile St. Jean d'Acre 101 900 600
The Princess Royal  91 850 400
The Cressy  £0 750 400 j
The Edinburgh    60 600 450
The lllenheim  60 600 450 -
The Hogue  60 600 450 ;
The Ajax  58 600 451)
The Imp^rieuse  51 530 360
The Eui yalus....  51 530 400
The Arrogant      47 450 360
The Aniphion  34 320 300
The Dauntless   33 320 250
PADDLE-WHEEL.
Tile Leopard.      IS 300 560
The Dragon    6 200 560
The Valorous      16 220 400
Total: 17 ships—1,017 guns—9,870 men—7,570 horse-
power.
I will not institute a comparison between our
naval force and those of the maritime Powers
of Europe. 1 design only to state enough to
show that the subject is fruitful in suggestions of
the gravest national consequence. It is not our
interest, it has never been our policy to maintain
an expensive naval establishment; but I submit
to the consideration of this body, whether the
condition of the Navy, as disclosed by the Secre-
tary's late report, is adequate to the wants, or con-
sistent with the honor and character, of the country.
But, sir, in rising upon this occasion to speak for
the Navy, I designed not to refer at any length to
its ships, its ordnance, or any of its material; for
legislation upon these points is not contemplated
by the bill; but 1 came here to speak of its soul,
its spirit, by which the service moves and has its
being; and for these—for the men who sustain
your flag, and represent your spirit upon the sea,
who hold their lives in their hands whenever her
interests or the honor of their country demand
their sacrifice: who, from Decatur, Somers,
Wadsworth, and Israel, to Stewart, Stockton,
Morris, and Ingraham, have identified themselves
with your growth, your glory, and your great-
ness—for these sir, m behalfof the committee, do
I invoke your action.
And, sir, disposed, as this body ever is, to be just,
nay, to be generous, I know that I have but to
direct your attention to the Navy, to secure for it
your cheering and sustaining hand. In doing so,
then, sir, let me briefly remind you that, though
inseparably connected, as it is, with national char-
acter, national rights, and even national greatness,
disclosing, as it does, so many heroic deeds and
memorable examples of devotion to country, it
has received less attention from the fostering legis-
lation of Congress than any other branch of the
public service.
Liet me remind you, sir, that the gallant spirits
who composed our Navy at the beginning of the
present century, curbed the barbarous princes of
Northern Africa, compelled them to respect our flag
and its commerce, abolished the tribute, planted
the stars and stripes for the first time upon a for-
tress of the Old World, and drew from the then
existing Pope the declaration that infant Ameri-
ca had done more for Christianity in one year
than Europe had done in a century. And let me
92
remind you, too, sir, that our Navy, feeble in
ships, arms, and men; feeble as it was in every
thing but character, courage, discipline, and devo-
tion, was the first that ever dispelled the charm of
British invincibility upon the sea, and taught their
country t,he fact—a fact whose moral power trans-
cends all armies and navies—that in an equal con-
test with any people upon earth the honor of our
flag might safely be intrusted to the Navy.
Sir, in one hour after his official notice of the
declaration of the war of the 18th of June, 1812,
Commodore Rodgers, with his squadron at New
York, was under weigh. With his own hand be
fired the first gun of the war, which, ominous of
success, struck the enemy, and the triumphs which
followed in quick succession not only cheered and
animated our own people, and awakened a public
spirit of confidence and enthusiasm hitherto un-
known, but did more to elevate our character
abroad and enforce respect to our just pretensions
than we can now readily understand. No single
combat on land or sea ever produced happier re-
sults to a just cause than did the action between
the Constitution and Guerrier.
Our inability to cope with Britain upon the sea
had been regarded as an axiom that it was folly to
question. It was commonly said that France built
and equipped ships and sent them to sea only to
fall into the hands of England, and that we should
profit by her example; and hence we see that from
merit has enabled him to carve out of every re-
sponsibility devolved upon him, an honor for his
country, and a leaf upon her records for his own
fame. And who does not see with pleasure these
men still maintaining their places at the head of
their profession, performing its active duties with
warm hearts, zealous industry, and unclouded in-
tellects?
In this brief mention of these gentlemen I trust
it is unnecessary for me to disclaim any invidious
discrimination against others, lj cite them not
exceptions to, but rather as types of, those gal-
| lant spirits who freely shed their blood to sustain
' the honor of the country m the war of 1812, while
thousands of their countrymen, in security at
home, were denouncing it.
Sir, we cannot, at this day, review the declara-
tion of war of 1812 without regarding it as one
of the most heroic acts of any age. We made it
against greater odds, infinitely greater odds, than
opposed Napoleon when Europe was arrayed in
! arms against him; when our foe had apnihilated
! his gigantic navies; when Duncan atCamperdown;
[ Howe on the 1st of June, 1794; Nelson at the
Nile; Cochran in Basque Roads; Parker at Copen-
hagen, and Nelson again at Trafalgar, had filled
I the world with Britain's fame, and united its belief
i in her invincibility. The naval flags of Europe
i were at her feet; she emphatically "ruled the
waves," and her post captains were the high con-
the reduction of the Navy in 1801 to the war of !, stables of the deep. Against such a foe, and in
1812, during which period scarcely a day passed
without some insolent violation of our neutral
rights, not a single frigate was added to our Navy;
and it is questionable whether it was as efficient
as it had been in the Tripolitan war.
It seems that the Administration relied but.
little upon it in the contemplated struggle with
Great Britain; for when war was declared, not
only were our few ships so scattered as to be un-
able to actpromptly and vigorously against the ene-
mies' commerce before it should have had knowl-
edge of hostilities, but there can be little doubt
that it had determined to dismantle our ships and
retain them in port, and that this policy was only
averted by the interposition and earnest arguments
and representations of two naval officers.' Happy
was it for the country, sir, that this policy was
averted; for had our ships—instead of that bold
and dashing career upon the sen which won the
admiration even of their gallant foes—been igno-
miniously dismantled and moored under the guns
of our forts, and suffered to rot in cowardly in-
action, the moral power awakened by its achieve-
ments, and the vast resources of our country as a
naval power, might still have remained unde-
veloped.
Sir, some of the naval men who figured m your
Tripolitan war, and in the war of 1812, still adorn
the service, linking it with its past glories, and
their own deeds and renown; men who, to all
that forms the skillful, bold, and finished seamen,
unite rare capacity and judgement, ripened, but j
unimpaired by years; men upon whose acknowl- '
edged ability and courage the country would in-
stantly call in any naval emergency.
! the exultant hour of her unexampled triumph,
1 our naval men sallied out upon the sea to strike
1 for its freedom. They went out, as Mr. Rush
I has expressed it, with but a sling in their hands,
j And well did they demean themselves in the un-
equal struggle. In all latitudes, at all times and
1 places they sought the enemy. Traversing the
{East and West Indies, the Atlantic and Pacific
I oceans, and even the British channel, they not
j only captured or destroyed thousands of her mer-
chant tonnage, but some of her ablest captains in
i her finest ships, in equal combat, lowered to the
j stars and stripes of the untried Republic that ban-
i ner which Britain proudly boasted had braved
unconquered, for a thousand years, "the battle
and the breeze."
It is difficult, as I have said, at this distant day,
to comprehend fully the bearing of such a naval
career upon our national character. While our
own people, with one universal acclamation hailed it
with surprised and exultantgratitude, Europe—thai
Europe whose cause we were also sustaining, and
whit h had gazed with folded arms upon the une-
qual contest, anticipating our destruction—yielded
its astonishment and admiration. Even Great
Britain, when she found her merchants complain-
ing of the countless tons of shipping destroyed
or captured, her insurance policies commanding
exorbitant premiums, herWest India trade cutup,
her whalemen nearly annihilated, and her ships of
war sunk m equal contest, no longer spoke, through
her public prints, of our " boards nailed together for
ships, sailing under a bit of striped bunting;" but
. with that noble instinct which ever impels the
Briton's heart to do justice to the courage and
Sir, such men make themselves the property of ; conduct of a gallant foe who stands squarely up
the nation; and I feel that in my place here, 1 can
speak as justly as I can impartially of Stewart j]
and of Morris, having never seen the one, and t
having but slight personal acquaintance with the [
' other j and looking at our public records alone. 1
i To Stewart's personal and earnest intercession i
! with the American Cabinet m 1812, no less than i
i to his brilliant courage and matchless coolness
j during the war—more than to any living man—do j
we, in my judgment, owe the character which the i
j service won; and whether we regard Morris in a j
I hand-to-hand struggle with the Tripolitan gun- j
i boats,or as one of the forlorn hope so gallantly led j
! by Decatur, and the first to reach the deck of the
i Philadelphia, or as the Executive officer of the i
; Constitution, who, m her giemorable action with ;
i the Guerrier, lashed the enemy's ship to his own,
i we cannot but regard him as a man whose rare
I ''Stewart and Bambridge,
to the fight, she too confessed and admired the true
character of our Navy, finding some balm for her
wounded pride in the declaration that if she had
sustained defeat, it took her own children to ac-
complish it.
From the war of 1812 to the present moment,
there is no sea on the globe visited by our com-
merce, that has not witnessed the services of our
naval officers in the protection ofthehfeand prop-
erty of our people. Educated and trained for
war, still their noblest conquests are achieved
in times of peace; and as pacificators, negotiators
of treaties, and protectors of our citizens and com-
merce in distant seas, ournavalmen are constantly
called upon to perform duties of national moment.
Every American naval officer of rank who has
: performed his due routine of sea service, 1 will
undertake to say, could furnish from his own ex-
1 perience, instances of the kind alluded to, many
i of which are of public notoriety, and others are
