1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2315
Lake Creek, Marion, Sulphur Springs, Vienna,
and George's Creek, to Metropolis City. !
From Saierri, by Mount Liberty, Bishop's
Mill, Latkinsburg, and loni, to Ewington.
From Savanna, by Sabula, Msquoketa, Ana- j
mo«a, and Marion, Iowa, to Cedar Rapids. \
From Sliawneeiown, by Sailrie Mines, Marina !
Furnace, Ehzabethiown, Rosinclaire, and Rock ;
Quarry, to Goiconda. !
Fiom Shawneetown, by Poland, Duncanton,
Ratile Snake, MeCleansboro', Palo Alto, Moor's
Prairie, to Mount Vernon.
From Shawneetown, by Equality, Raleigh,
Dorance, Cave, Benton, Crittenden, Pleasant
Shade, Mount Hawkins, Raneysburg, Nashville,
Plum Hill, Akan, and Mascutah, to Belleville.
From Shawneetown, along the middle road,
known as the Cypress Road, to David Reader's,
in Gallatin county.
From Shawneetown, by Crawford, to South
Hampton.
Fiom Shawneetown, by Bay Cross Roads,
Mounl Airy, Vienna, Mount Pleasant, Jonesboro',
and Clear Creek Landing, to Girardeau.
From Shelbyville, by Stone Coal, Woodlawn,
Pana Station, Audubon, and East Fork, to Hills-
boro'.
From Shelby by Coal Spring, Jericho, and Van
Buren, to Greenville.
From Shelbyvilie, by Cochran's Grove, Beth-
saida, Arno, Charleston, Hitesviile, Grand View,
Puns, Eldridge, New Market, and St. Mary's to
Terra Haute.
Fiom Shelbyville, by Fruit Hill, Cold Spring,
Beck's Creek, Bowling Green, and Higgan's, to
Vandaha.
From Shelbyville, by Ewington and Stringtown,
to Newton.
From Sparta, by Steel's Mills, Bradley, and
Woithington, to Murpliysboro'.
From Sparta, by Texas and Red Bud, to Wa-
terloo.
From St. Charles, by King's Mills, Berkshire,
Builington, West Burlington, New Lebanon,
Genoa, Lacy, Kinsston, North Kingston, Blood's
Point, and South Prairie, to Cherry Valley.
From St. Charles, by Campton and Ohio Grove,
to Sycamore.
From Springfield, by Clear Lake, Mechanics-
bur?, Decatur, Oakley, Cerro Gordo, Monticello,
Urbanna, St. Joseph's, Homer, and Danville, to
Covington, Indiana.
From Springfield, by Shelbyville, Ewington,
Stringtown, Newton, St. Marie, and Lawrence-
ville, to Vincennes, Indiana.
From Snringfield, by Buffalo Heart, Mount
Puliski, Clinton, and Dewitt, to Santa Anna.
From Springfield, by Athens, Petersburgh, Rob-
inson's Mill, Bath, and Havanna, to Lewistown.
From Springfield, by Salisbury, Middletown,
Prairie Creek,Delavan, Dillon, Pekm, Tremont,
anil Wesley City, to Peoria.
From Springfield, by Berlin, Orleans, Jackson-
ville, Bethel, and Exeter, to Naples.
From Springfield, by Salisbury, Petersburg,
and Panther Creek, to Beardstown.
From Springfield, by Richland, Pleasant Plains,
Lancaster, Virginia, Beardstown, Frederickville,
and Pleasant View, to Rushvilie.
From Springfield, by Rochester, Taylorville,
and Prairie Bud, to Shelbyville.
Prom Springfield, by Salisbury, Petersburg,
Panther Creek, and Chandlersville, to Beardstown.
From Spring Hill, by Jefferson's Corners,^ ork-
town, Winnebago,Truxton, and Enon, to Prince-
ton-
From Sterling, by Union Grove, to Albany.
From Sycamore, by Genoa, Riley, Marengo,
and Durham, to Walworth, AViscousin.
From Sycamore to De Kalb Centre.
From Sycamore, by South Grove, to Hick's
Mills. _ .
From Terra Haute, Indiana, by Livingston,
Illinois, Marshall, Lodi, Martinsville, Casey,
Greenun, Towertown, "Woodbury  Tentopohs,
Wehunka Station, Ewington, Freemanton, How-
ard's Point, Cumberland, Vandalia, Mulberry
Grove, Greenville, Pocahontas, Highland, St.
Jacob, Troy, and Collinsville, to St. Louis, Mis-
souri.
From Tiskilwa, bv Providence, French Grove,
Barren Grove, Burnsides, Cambridge, East Cam-
bridge, A ml over, Meridian, Perryton, Millers-
buigj and New Boston, to Keithsburg.
From Timber, by Brunswick, Farmmgton,
French Creek, Elmore, Truro, Victoria, Walnut
Grove, Bishop Hill, and Red Oak, to Cambridge.
From Thornton Scatiuii, by New Bremen,
Bremen, Palos, Oiiand, and Gooding's Grove, to
Hadley.
Fiom Urbana to Paris, in Edgar county.
Fiom Union Grove, by Garden Plains, to
Albany.
From Vermont, by Marietta,Lee Centre, Virgil,
to "Woodstock.
From Vermont, by Marietta and Virgil, to
Avon.
From Vienna, by Asb Ridge, to Caledonia.
From Virginia, by Berryton and Hagley, to
Petersburg.
From Vincennes, Indiana, by Russellville, Illi-
nois, Vernon, Palestine, Huftonville, York, Dar-
win, Marshall, Big Creek, Paris, l>loonifield,
Rtdge Farm, Richardson, and Georgetown, to
Urbana.
From Vincennes, Indiana, by Lawrenceville,
Illinois, Black Jack, Ciermont, Oloney, Mays-
viile, Xenia, Fiedericktown, Salem, Oden Station,
Sandova Station, Carlyle, Trenton, A vision, Leb-
anon, Shiloh, Beilville, Fiench Village, and llii-
noistown, to St. Louis.
From Vincennes, Indiana, by St. Francisville,
Illinois, Hershey's Mills, Armstrong, Mount
Carmei, Rochester Mills, Graysville, Phillips-
town, Carmi,and New Haven, to Sliawneeiown.
Fiom Warren, by Ward's Grove, to Mount
Carroll.
From Warsaw to Augusta.
From Warsaw, by Monticello and Nauvoo,
to Montrose, Iowa.
From Waterloo, by James's Mills and Eagle
Cliffs, to Harrisonville.
From Waterloo, by Red Bud, Ruma, Evans-
ville, and Ellis Grove, to Chester.
From Waukegan, by Wentwortb, Angola,
Antioch, English Praine, Bhvin's Mills, Solon
Mills, Richmond, Alden, Cogswell, Big Foot
Praine, Burton's Corner**, Wilmot, State Line,
and Kossuth, to Beloit, Wisconsin.
From Waukegan, by Hamsvi'le, Forksville,
Mc.Henry, Ostend, Hartland, Biookdale, Wood-
stock, Dunham, Chemung, Boone, and Bonus, to
Belvidere.
Fiom Waukegan, by Gage's Lake, Hainsville,
Fort Hill, Forkville, Lamar, Merana, and Bury-
viilf, to Crystal Lake.
Fiom Waukegan, by Otsego, Newport, and !
Hickory, to Millourn. j
From West Wheeling Station,by Deer Grove, i
Ela, LdkeZurich, Wauconda, Lamar, McHenry, j
Rmgwood, Hebron, Cogswell, West Hebron, j
Tirade, Wisconsin, and Walworth, to Delavan. j
! From Williamsburg to Greenville. |
! From Wilmington, to Mazon, Clarion, and |
' Billing's Grove, to Puntiac. j
! From Winchester, by Oxville and Exeter, to i
. Naples. # :
From Winchester, by Florence and Detroit, to ]
I Pmsfield. !
i From Woodstock, by Greenwood, Boone's
Mills, Hebron, and Richmond, to Genoa, Wis-
consin.
From Woodstock, by Erin, Highland Prairie,
and West Hebron, to Geneva, Wisconsin.
From Woodstock, by Belden, to Union.
| From Woodstock, by Erin ar.d Alden, to Big
! Foot Prairie.
Wisconsin.—From Appleton, by Centre and El-
lington, to Bovina.
i From Appleton to Wapaco.
| From Aztalan, by Jefferson, Fort Atkinson,
and ICoskonoms, to Milton.
; From Baraboo, by Reedsburg* to La Crosse.
From Barton, by Wayne, to Theresa.
From Beloit, by Inmansville, Spring Valley,
' Hoosick, Albany, Attica, Morefield, Monticello,
Tanner's Grove, Wilier, Argyle, Fayette, and
! Georgetown, to Minetal Point.
From Beloit, by Avon, Clarence, and Juda, to
'I Monroe.
!l From Berlin, by Willow Creek, Poysippi,Pine
j1 River, Cedar Lake, and Lind, to Waupaka.
j From Beaver Dam, by Wyoeena, to Dekorra.
' From Beaver Dam, by Newton, to Alto.
|! From Beetown, by Hurricane Grove, Potosi,
Dickeyville, Jamestown, and Fairplay, to Gale-
i' na, Illinois.
From Beetown to Caes^iiie.
From B;ack River Falls, by Clear Water, Mid-
dle Mills, Ogaliy, Rush River, and Hudson, to
Stillwater.
From Bloomfield?by Genoa, Richmond, Ring-
wood, Illinois, McHenry, Forksville, Gilmer,and
Long Grove, to Deer Grove.
From Brookfield Centre, by Pewaukee, Hart-
land, Okauchee, and Oconomowoc, to Water-
town.
From Cassville, by Beetown, Lancaster, New
California, and Mifflin, to Mineral Point.
From Peresco, by Dariford, Princeton, Harris-
ville, Westfield, Grand Marsh, through the val-
ley of Lemonoire and down La Cross Valley, to
La Cross, on the Mississippi river.
Fiom Columbus, by Elba and Lowell, to Oak
Grove.
From Columbus, by Fall River, Paradise
Grove, East Randolph, and Shawano, to Mar-
quette.
From Chippewa City, by Chippewa Falls, Eau
Clain's Mdls, Eau Galla, and North Pepin, to
Reed's Landing, in Minnesota.
From Darien,by Weed's Corners, Richmond,
and Utier's Corners, to Whitewater.
From De Korra to Boraboo.
From Delis, Packwaukee, Roxo, Montello, and
Nahmakum, to Princeton.
From Eagle, by Eagleville, Troy Lake, Troy
Centre, Adams, La Grange, Little Prairie, and
Bullion, to Eagle.
From Eau Galla Mills, by Lower and Middle,
to Upper Menominee Mills.
From Escanaba, by Bay de Noquet, Michigan,
and Mackinaw, to Saut St. Marie.
From Fairplay, by Hazle Green, Benton, and
New Diggings, to White Oak Springs.
From Fail River, by Courtland, Cambria, and
Randolph Centre, to Kingston.
From Falls of St. Croix to La Pointe.
From Fort Atkinson, by Oakland, Christiana,
and Uucfl, to Stoughton.
From Fort Atkinson, by Cold Spring, White
Water, Heart Prairie, Sugar Creek, and Elk
Horn, to Geneva
From Fond du Lac, by Rosendale, Green Lake,
Tichora, Grand Prairie, Marquette, Kingston,
Rock Hill,and Pigeon Grove, to Portage City.
Fiom Fond du Lac, by Avoca, Oakfield, Le
Roy, Farmersville, Maysville, Iron Ridge, Neo-
sho, Ashippun, and Monterey, to Oconomowoc.
From Fond du Lac, by Rush Lake, Berlin,
Spring Lake, Sliver Lake, Wuutorna, Almond,
and Buena Vista, to Plover.
From Fond du Lac, by Taycheefla,Cali)met Vil-
lage, Pequot, Stockbndge, Dundas, and Wrights-
town, to Green Bay.
Fiom Fond du Lac, by Rosendale, Ripon, Ce-
resco, and Dartford, to Princeton.
From Fond du Lac, hy Ladoga, Fairwater,
Mackford, Tichora, and Grand Prairie, to Kings-
ton.
From Fond du Lac, by Friendship, Blackwolf,
Oshkosh, Vmland, Groveland, and Neenah, to
Menasha.
From Grafton, by Young Hickory, Cedar
Creek, Hartford, and Rubicon, to Neosho.
From Gewer's Ferry, in Cedar county, by
Springdale, to West Liberty.
From Green Bay, by Oneida and Lansing, to
Appleton.
From Green Bay, by Oneida, Freedom, Lan-
sing, Ellington, Hortonville, Thompson's Mills,
Mukwa, Waupaca, and Hanover, to Plover.
From Green Bay, by New Franklin, to Ke-
j waunee.
! From Green Bay, by Oconto and Clarksville,
| to Marinette.
From Green Bay, by Wrightstown, Kankau-
I na, and Appleton, to Menasha.
] From Green Lake, by Lenape, to Marquette.
; From Helena, by "Wyoming Valley and Otter
j Creek, to Highland.
i From Highland, by Wallace, Richland City,
I and Sextonville, to Richland Centre.
! From Janesville, by Bachelor's Grove, Spring
Valley, Decatur, Nevada, Monroe, Wiota, Shulls-
I burg, White Oak Spring, and Council Hill, Illi-
| noip, to Galena.
i From Janesville, by North Janesville, Fulton,
' and Albion, to Christiana.
j From Janesville to Beloit.
! From Janesville, by Teotsa, Albion, Christiana,
