1458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
only known to the files of the State or Navy De-
partment- Commodore McCauley, at Valparaiso;
in 1851; Commodore Downs, at Q,ualla Batou;
Commodore Jones, at the Sandwich Islands;
Commodore Reid, at Canton, in lb39, when the
American and other foreign residents were bar-
ricaded in their houses, amidst a general popular
tumult, and all intercourse and trade with the
Chinese were suspended; and Commander Glynn,
at Japan, in the recovery of fifteen American sea-
men from long and painful captivity—all rendered
important services, which were acknowledged by
the country at the time. And, sir, at this very
moment, intelligence is reaching us that another
energetic officer, in the execution of a most im-
portant and peaceful mission, has impressed our
national character upon the rulers of Japan, and
opened to American enterprise a trade for which
the Old World has vainly struggled for two cen-
turies.
I have deemed it but just to the Navy to ad-
vert, even though thus briefly, at its great public
services, and its impoi tant agency in creating and
maintaining our national chaiacter. But, sir, let
me here sfate what must be evident to all who will
look at its past history, that not only the mainte-
nance of the character and esprit da coips of the
Navy, but its mere existence has been due, not
so much to our legislation as to the Navy itself.
Though the war of 1812 was declaied m June,
so little confidence had Congress m the ability of
the Navy to sustain itself, that nothing of moment
was done for it throughoutt he year; and from
that day to the present hour it has always been
found necessary for naval men to demonstrate,
from fact to fact, its ability to maintain the honor
of the country, and to apply the means intrusted
to it properly, before Congress would conhde to
it the necessary means
Ready as we have been to legislate, and some-
times to legislate unduly, for ail other impoi tant
public interests, the Navy seems to have escaped
our attention-, and the consequence is, that, with
a corps of officers greater in number and eminently
superior m mental training and culture to those of
the war of 1812, and fully equal to them in zeal-
ous devotion to the flag, our Navy is far less effi-
cient at this moment, m comparison with those of
Great Britain and France, than it was to the Navy
of Great Britain at the close of that war.
In saying this, 1 do not refer to our ships, nor
to officers or men as individuals, but to the cot pa
as an organization. Oiu ships, our ordnance, and
our naval officers, as individuals, are equal to any
upon earth; but Congress has failed to ai ray and
organize these elements m the most judicious and
efficient manner. I will now, sir, briefly state
the provisions of the bill reported by the commit-
tee, and the objects which they are designed and
expected to accomplish; and m doing so, I will
frankly say, m the first place, that, though it re-
duces the aggregate number of officers now in the
grades of captains and commamleis by seven, the
committee does not deem it expedient to reduce
the higher grades beyond this.
Complaints, based, perhaps, upon a partial
knowledge of the Navy, are frequently made, that
a certain number of these officers is always to
be found unemployed on shore; and it is contended
that this number, be it what it may, is super-
fluous, and should be dispensed with, in reply
to this, it may be said that a naval officer on a
three years' cruise, not only does duty every day
and night of those three years, but that throughout
this period, he is separated from his country, his
home and his family; and that it is not only just
to the officer, but it is wise and just for the coun-
try, that at the termination of his cruise, he
should have relaxation from duty. A military
profession which implies constant absence from
country, and precludes the holiest a flections which
cluster around the heart, must be unworthy the
ambition of honorable minds.
The true interests of the Republic, looking alone
at the greatest efficiency of theofficer, require that
he should, in common with her citizens, nourish
the ties which cling around the family altar, and
feel, upon whatever distant sea or service he may
be, that his home and his affections are m his own
loved land, and that like a fettered prisoner, how-
ever far he roams, he can but drag a greater length
of chain. Teach your naval officer, sir, that he
cannot wander so far but that sympathizing hearts
and watchful eyes are tracing his track upon the
deep; teach him that when he strikes, not only the
honor of his flag and the interests of his country,
but the welfare, nay, perhaps, the liberties, of
wife, children, and friends are in every blow, and
you will have done all that human wisdom can
do to lender him invincible. This I deem suffi-
cient in refutation of a position which would re-
sult, if adopted, m reducing the naval officer to the
condition of a wandering Arab.
The fiist section creates the grade of flag officer,
and limits its number to twenty. The propriety
of this measure is apparent to every Senator who
has given much attention to the intercourse of our
naval men with those of foreign services; and who
will not hesitate to acknowledge that their useful-
ness must always be more or less modified by
their ability to mingle with and meet them upon
equal terms m all official intercourse. Foreign
services have several grades, higher in official rank
than our grade of captain, each of which has its
appropriate tfag, designation, rights, and privi-
leges; and although an American captain, in com-
mand of a squadron, holds a position equivalent
to that of a British, French, Russian, Dutch, or
Spanish admiral—for it is the highestgrade known
to his service—still it is ever found difficult, and
often impossible, to obtain a recognition of such
equality in those particulars, which a military
officer 13 not permitted to disregard; and painful
embarrassments, really impairing the usefulness
of the service, have been, and must continue to
be, the frequent result.
We are all familiar with the nautical title of
commodore; a title which is unrecognized by law,
and which we have borrowed from the British
service, where it is applied to temporary com-
mands only, and never signifies more than a cap-
tain temporarily in command of more than his
single ship.
The designation of Jlag officer, it is believed,
will obviate all uncertainty and embarrassment,
and convey to foreign services the idea of a grade
equivalent to the highest of their own.
The second section of the bill, the one to
which the honorable Senator from Virginia has
adverted, provides for the appointment of midship-
men. 1 will say here, Mr. President, in expla-
nation, that in 1842, if 1 remember correctly, mid-
shipmen were regularly distiibuted among the
congressional dixtucts of the United States. That
is, it was directed that they should be taken from
each district, in rotation, as justly as possible, as
appointees to the Academy might he wanted. This
went on for sometime, until the members of the
House of Representatives finding, as they sup-
posed, or as I understood they supposed, that
Congress, in giving the appointments of midship-
men to the districts, designed that they should be
made upon the recommendation of the Representa-
tive from the district, tacked on to an appropria-
tion bill, a provision that when a midshipman
went to the Academy, he should go there upon
the recommendation of the Representative of the
district only.
I, among others, disapproved that provision
at the time. 1 did not believe that the power of
appointment to the Academy could rightfully be
taken from the Executive. I do not believe it
now. But it seems that a large majority in the
House of Representatives favors this state of
things; and upon reflection 1 have considered that,
as the Representative of the district is the organ
through which its people may best make their
wishes known, we have a chance, perhaps, of
getting a better class of youths m the service by
permitting the Representatives to appoint them
than we should have if the appointment were in-
trusted to the Executive patronage at large. It
multiplies watchfulness and the means of getting
a better cadet from each congressional distnct;
and, sir, the rule has worked sometimes in this
way: in some particular district the son of indi-
gent parents displays peculiar precocity; he be-
comes distinguished by studious habits, and gives
evidence of aptitude for sea service. A generous
corrimunity comes forward and unanimously gives
up its preference for others, and asks the ap-
pointment for that youth to the Naval Academy.
Under ordinary circumstances such a youth
would not be chosen. $He would have scarcely a
chance of going to the Academy when political
interests constitute the only element by which he
could approach the Executive power. Thus, un-
der the working of this clause in the appropria-
tion bill, I have no doubt the Academy is much
better supplied with the requisite talent than it
otherwise would be. This bill proposes an amend-
ment to this manner of appointment. We find
that, in the present condition of the Navy, there
are too many midshipmen; the Academy is be-
coming crowded, and in a short time they will
have to be reduced to perhaps half their present
number.
This amendment does not, as the Senator from
Virginia supposes, confer the appointment of the
officers on Congress, but it gives to Senators a
voice in the selection of some of the midshipmen
from their respective States, it reduces the ap-
pointment of midshipmen from two in each con-
gressional district to one, and then provides for
the appointment of two from each State, unon the
recommendation of the Senators from that State re-
spectively. This was supposed by the committee
to introduce a just modification of the present sys-
tem of appointment 1 have no expectation that
the House will ever recede from its position,
though I trust it may agree to this modification.
i will now, sir, reply to theobjection made by
my honorable friend from Virginia to the provis-
ion for two retired lists; and fiiat let me say, sir,
that 1 regard all legislation for the Navy, without
a retired list, as radically wrong. All improve-
ment m the service must date from this important
feature; and in advancing this opinion, which is
the result of some reflection and observation, I
believe that I but express the convictions of the
great majority of your efficient officers. In fact,
1 have never yet heard an officer express a dis-
senting opinion upon this point.
The naval services of Euiope all provide and sus-
tain retired lists; and the British Naval Register
for Febiuaiy, 1854, gives, besides the two thou-
sand one hundred sea officers, from admirals to
lieutenants inclusive, the following list of huichva
officers:
Reserved admirals.   .  48
Rutirod admirals  ) 11)
Itemed eapUiu*  . 2k2f>
Retired commanders   i>'M
Retired Ueuu-ndiit-1  I'M
Tot.il 1,727
The mighty ocean castles which our officers
control, constructed as they are of variant map-
rials, of unequal strength and durability, require
frequent examination and repair to preserve them
in the highest condition of efficiency; and thus the
personnel of the Navy, composed as it is of every
variety of mind, character, and qualification, mod'
ified by age, experience, length of service, and
physical ability, requires thorough scrutiny to
discriminate between the useful and the worthless;
and this sciutiny must be instituted periodically,
or as circumstances may dictate.
I am aware, sir, that there are those who op-
pose the retirement of naval or military officers
upon pay, m all and every form; those who would
tax the brains and the smews of their fellows for
a bare subsistence, just as long as the limited
powers of nature would enable them to be woiked,
and, when worn out, and no longer able to labor
for the country, or to sustain themselves, turn
them adrift to beg or starve. I envy not the hu-
manity, the justice, of any gentleman entertaining
such views. If practiced upon, it is easy to foresee
the effects upon the Navy, and to understand the
class of men who would seek to wear its livery.
The faithful de\ otion of youth, manhood, and all
the useful years of life to his country's service for
a mere support, deprived of the opportunity of
providing for his declining years, imposes upon
the country the duty of sustaining the old age of
the naval servant.
But, sir, my friend from Virginia [Mr. Hunter]
desires me to explain why the bill provides for
the permanent furlough, as well as for the retire-
ment of officers; and he fears that men placed upon
the former may be regarded as having a slight
cast upon them. The motive of the committee in
I framing this provision, was to draw a distinct line
, of demarkation between the gallant old seaman
i whose soul is still in his profession, whose heart
beats but for his country, hutwho,by long,faith-
ful, and honorable service, or by wounds or dis-
ease contracted in the active discharge of his duty,
is disqualified for fuither seivice, and the man
who has uniformly and ingeniously contrived to
evade his sea duties,and devolved them upon
