748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
$90,000 Upon a piece of property, to which our |
title has /ailed, we should be called upon to make ;
an appropriation to purchase another site, and go j
on again with the erection of a custom-house at |
another location. Whatassurance are we to have .
that we shall ever get for this purpose a piece of !
property to which there is a clear title ? There is !
no provision made in this bill that the officers of
the Government shall be satisfied as to the per-
fectness of the title, before they make another
commencement with this building. For aughtwe
know, we may expend $90,000 more, and Cali-
fornia may then come forward to claim that site,
and we shill have to be continually running over
San Francisco, and making appropriation after
appropriation for the benefit and improvement of
lots in thatcity, without the Government deriving
any benefit from it.
1 think myself, sir, that this is a matter which
ought not to be included in the deficiency bill, I
think, under all the circumstances, that there is
much less merit in it than in the Portland case,
and that it had better be dropped; and we should
have some time to consider the question, on one
ot the more general appropriation bills, before we
vote for if.
The Senator from Virginia does not offer us
any evidence or any explanation of what right
California has to this property. We do not know
at present but that her claim wasamere pretense.
1 doubt very much whether the Senators from
California know anything about it. They have
not explained the matter to us as yet, aud I think
that we are asked to shift our ground in relation
to it rather too suddenly, and that we ought to
have a little more time to consider what we are
doing, i do not know that the Senator from Vir-
ginia is prepared to make it manifest to the Senate
that the Government of the United States has
been led into the expenditure of $90,000 on a
California lot to which it had no title, that it is a
clear loss, that the amount is to go to the benefit
of the city, and that we aie to derive no advantage
from it. And perhaps he is able to prove to us
that we are helpless, that we are now to turn
round and reapprnprinte the money, buy another
site tint! expend $90,000 over again, before the
Government can get a custom-house in California.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say a few words,
Mr. President, on the subject of the custom-house
in Portland, Maine, in order that Senators may
understand the propriety and necessity of adopt-
ing the amendment proposed by my colleague. A
few years ago the Government bought of the city
of Portland a very large (though not too large)
and elegant building, which had been erected by
the city m a place which was most convenient to
accommodate all the business of the General Gov-
ernment. The building was bought at a very
reasonable rate. It was a substantial and perma-
nent stone budding, and accommodated not only
the custom-house, but the post office and judicial
courts of the United States. A few months ago
that building was burnt. The consequence h s
been that the customs are very badly accommo-
dated at a time when the business of the city of
Portland is very larsely increasing every day in
consequence of its having been recently made the
fermmuB of a very extensive railroad to the British
Provinces, and having also become a port where
British steamers enter once a fortnight. From
these causes its business is very largely increased
from what it was, or what it was anticipated to ,
be at the time the building was purchased. !
In consequence of the destruction of the building !
by fire, the Government is left m possession of a |
lot in a central position; the very best which, can |
be selected to accommodate the custom-house, the '
post office, and the courts. It lies there vacant. 1
Any one must see that it will be built upon again,
and that at a very early period. Consequently,
every day we lose is a loss to the Government
itself, m reference to that matter. The result has
been that the building now occupied as a custom-
house is in one part of the city, and tf.at not a ;
convenient place, and buildings are hired for a j
post office in another pprtion, nnd for the judicial 1
courts in another: and all of them ore very small, :
inconvenient, and temporary, exposing the officers
of the Government to greatinconvenience, and the j
Government to pay high rents in order to obtain ■
these miserable accommodations.
Now, sir, it is manifest—nobody disputes the ;
fact—that as soon as possible this lot of land in I
Portland, which is so beautifully situated for the
purpose, must be built upon again, m order to
accommodate the large and increasing business of
the Government at that port. Then it is only a
question of time for the consideration of Congress,
whether a whole year shall be lost in reference to
that matter, whether a mere question of form in
regard to what particular bill this appropriation
shall go into, shall defeat the great object.
I do not agree with the honorable Senator from
Virginia, that the amendment of my colleague must
necessarily peril the bill in the House, if it be
adopted. This is a very peculiar case. I under-
stand that the amendment proposed in reference
to the custom-house at San Francisco is an amend-
ment presented here by the Committee on Finance,
and the bill must go to the House of Representa-
tives again m order to have our amendments acted
upon, if the amendment proposed by my col-
league, with reference to the custom-house in Port-
land, is to endanger the bill m any way 1 do not
see why it will not be as much in danger by the
amendment proposed by the Committee on Fi-
nance. The case which my colleague and myself
present is certainly as strong a case as that pro-
posed to be provided for by the committee. The
officers of the Government in Portland are exposed
| to great inconvenience. They are very badly ac-
commodated, or, I should rather say, not accom-
modated at all. The citizens are very badly ac-
commodated. There is a loss to the Government
in the "way of rents, and in almost every particu-
lar. The only question, then, is, whether, through
a mere matter of form, as to whether it shall go
into one bill or another, the appropriation shall be
deferred to a future time, when the amendment of
the committee seems to be of a no more urgent
character than that which is proposed by my col-
league.
Since I have been here I have not pressed this
matter, although it has been pressing upon me,
for the leasoti that 1 did not understand exactly
m what shape it was to be brought forward; and
it did not occur to me, or to my colleague proba-
bly, to present it until we saw the amendment in
reference to the custom-house at San Francisco
proposed to be put into this bill. On inquiring
into the reasons for that appropriation, we find
that they are no stronger than, if as strong as, those
for the appropriation for which we ask. There
is a large business transacted at the port of Port-
land; there is a great want of accommodation for
the Government business there; and, owing to a
casualty, the building which was used for the pur-
pose has been destroyed. There is no question
upon the mind of any one that the matter must
be, and, for the good of the Government, ought
to be, attended to as soon as possible. Under
these circumstances, if the amendment proposed
by the committee be adopted why should not this
go with itr I certainly cannot believe that, under
such circumstances, this amendment would lead to
the defeat of the bill in the House of Representa-
tives, when it must be apparent to the mind of
every member of that House that it is not a new }j
thing, but is merely to make up an actual defi- \l
ciericy of the strongest character; to provide for !j
a most pressing necessity; to erect a building in l|
lieu of one which has bet n burnt, in a place where ['
a large revenue is collected, to accommodate not j;
only the custom-house, but also the post office and ,!
the United States courts for the whole district of j|
Maine. There are now, in fact, no accommoda- !!
tioris for these purposes; and shall things remain j
in this way, and a whole year be lost, on account i|
of a mere question of form? I do not suppose !i
that the evil which the Senator from Virginia |i
seems to apprehend would follow from the adop- j
tion of the amendment of my colleague. I think i
the House of Representatives will be satisfied, after J'
hearing the explanations which can be given to i
them by gentlemen there who are perfectly com- i
petent and ready to give them. At any rate, 1 ,
think that we present as strong a claim as is pre- \.
Rented by the Senator in referenceto the proposed j'
amendment for San Francisco. I hope, therefoie, |'
the feenate will consent that the amendment pro- i
posed by my colleague to the amendment of the !,
committee shall be adopted, because time is of j
very great consequence, and I do not see that any !,
evil results will follow from it.
Mr. PET nr. Mr. President, 1 believe that )i
if this amendment would have the effect which :!
the Senator from Virginia supposes 1 should vote ii
for it, that is, if it should have the effect of killing
the bill. 1 am opposed upon principle to all these
bills. I have nothing to say as to the details or
specific items included in this or any other bill of
this nature; but i can conceive of no propriety,
not to say no authority under the Constitution,
to pass deficiency bills. I understand that they
are passed to appropriate money out of the Treas-
ury to cover up money which has been taken from
the Treasury during the year, in violation of law.
The Constitution expressly provides, in so many
words, that " no money shall be diawn from the
Treasury but m consequence of appropriations
made by law." Now, why a biil is named a de-
ficiency bill, 1 do not know, and cannot conceive,
unless it is to do precisely what 1 have supposed;
that is, to cover up moneys which have been al-
ready expended, upon which a lawless or wanton
hand has been placed in the Treasury, and thence
abstracted or removed—perhaps for proper pur-
poses, as may have been considered, and with no
design to embezzle. I do not charge that; but I
hold that it is the business of the Congress of the
United States to estimate, or at least to appropri-
ate, the entire amount of money which can be ex-
pended for a year, and no emergency whatever
can justify any Executive officer in putting his
hand into the Treasury, and expending more
money than is appropriated, for a purpose for
which money has been appropriated, or for any
new, or distinct, or separate purpose whatever.
If the public service suffers by the non-appropri-
ation of sufficient funds to carry on the whole opera-
tions and discharge the demands and exigenciesof
the Government let the responsibility fall where
it ought to fall. We alon.e have power to control
the public Treasury; but if we do not guard it
vigilantly upon the one hand, and upon the other
expend it as liberally as the interests and demands
of the people of the country require, we are to be
censured. The censure should fall here, where
the Constitution has placed the control of the
moneys of the country.
Sir, I do not say that I shall not vote this year
for a deficiency bill, but I do say that I will not
vote for such a bill any year hereafter. When a
new,Administration comes in, and has only to ex-
pend that which a former and outgoing Adminis-
tration has estimated for, and which has been
appropriated, there may be some seeming apology
for the use of more money than an Administration
just going out of power, and wishing to show a
very clean balance sheet, and an economical dis-
position of the public money, has been willing to
estimate, and have appropriated . 1 say, there may
be an^apology in such a case; but it is a miserable
apology which can justify adirect violation ofthe
Constitution for any purpose whatever. I give
notice now, to the present Administration, that
they must, so far as I am concerned, make esti-
mates enough for this year, and 1 will vote for
them all. I will vote liberally for all they estimate
for the coming year's expenditure, but next year
they must not ask me to vote for a deficiency bill,
unless they can show that there has been some great,
and absolute, and overpowering necessity, such
as that the Army or Navy were required to be con-
centrated at a particular point, to give defense,
when it could not have been anticipated, or any
estimate made for it. Then law gives way before
necessity; but m the ordinary course of the trans-
actions of this Government, in times of peace,
there is no reason why we should not control the
purse strings, and make, in advance, all the ap-
propriations which are required.
But, sir, Senators will say that the appropria-
tions in these bills are not all for moneys which
have been expended; as, for instance, in this case,
it is proposed to make a direct and original appro-
priation for a custom-house m Maine, and another
in California. They may be necessary. I do
not say that they are not needed. I do not know
that there are any contracts out for either of them,
but I think it not improbable that tyere are assur-
ances or even contracts out for the cVistruction of
these works, if the money has not a^kgtfdy been
taken from theTreasury forthem. I presume that
these are new and original works; that no money
has been taken from the Treasury whatever for
them; that they have not been commenced under
an appropriation of $2,000, or $5,000, or of any
other sum, made as sufficient m the judgment of
Congress to carry them on, and that the'Depart-
ment has not gone on involving the Government;
