1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23J7
Waterloo, Hanchetville,and San Prairie, to Mad-
ison.
From Watertown, by Hustisford, Horicon,
Maysville, Farmersville, Le Roy, and Avoca, to
Fond du Lac.
From Watertown, by Emmett, Clyman, Oak
Grove, Beaver Dam, Waushara, Waupun, Rock
River, and Lamartme, to Fond du Lac.
From Watertown, by Milford, Aztalan, Lake
Mills, Newton Corners, Deerfield, and Cottage
Grove, to Madison.
From Waukesha, by Howard, Delafield, and
Summit, to Oconomowoc.
From Waukesha, by Waterville, Golden Lake,
Crowder's Corners, Rome, and Helenville, to
Jefferson.
From Waukesha, by Pewaukee, Lisbon, Me-
nominee Falls, and Friestadt, to Cedarburg.
From Waukesha, by Pewaukee, Merton, Mon-
ches, Hartford, Iron Ridge, Maysville, Farmers-
ville, Leroy, Oakiield, and Avoea, to Fond du
Lac.
From Waukesha, by South Genesee, Muck-
wanago, Waterford, Rochester, Burlington,
Wheatland, Richmond, Illinois, Solon Mills,and
Rin wood, to McHenry.
From Waupun, by Alto, Luzerne, Fairwater,
Metomen, Ceresco, and Dartford, to Berlin.
From Waupun, by Springvale, Rosendale, and
Bothelle, to Oshkosh.
From Waupun, by Springvale, West Rosen-
dale, and Welaunee, to Waukau.
From Waushara, by Mackford and Dartford,
to Berlin.
From Waushara, by Napasha, Grandville,
Lake Maria, Kingston, Marquette, Princeton,
Pleasant Valley, La Cot, St. Maria, Neshkorra,
and Lincoln, to Plover.
From Wansauto Shawano, on Wolf River.
From Wansau to Clear Water.
From White Water, by Cold Spring, Fort At-
kinson, Oakland, Christiana, Utica, Cambridge,
and Door Creek, to Madison.
From West Bend, by Cedar Creek and Schlis-
ingeiviile, to Monches
From West Bend, by Barton,Scott, Adell, and
Hingham, to Sheboygan Falls.
From Wynoski, by Mitchell, Rathburn, Oce-
ola, and Alcove, to Fond da Lae.
Missouri.—From Alexandria to Winchester.
From Alexandria, by Saint Francisville, Kos-
suth, and Athens, to Farmington, Iowa.
From Alexandria to Linden, via the county
seats of Clark, Scotland, Schuyler, Putnam, Mer-
cer, Harrison, and Gentry.
From Alexandria, by Saint Francisville, Wa-
terloo, Ashton, Eldorado, Arbela, Memphis,
Middle Fabbie, and Cherry Grove, to Lancaster.
From Apple Creek, by Wittenburg, Wood,
and Spruce's Ferry, to Murphysboro', Illinois.
From Arrow Rock to Old Jefferson.
From Arrow Rock, by Jonesboro', Ridge
Prairie, and Heath's Creek, to Georgetown.
From Ashley, by Bowling Green, to Louisiana.
From Athens to Fairview.
From Auburn, by New Hope, to Lost Creek.
From Beehive to Maysville.
From Benton to Commerce.
From Benton, by Cypress, to Charleston.
From Bethany to Decatur, Iowa.
From Bfthany to Gallatin.
From Bloomington to Saint John, by Rice's
Feny and Milan.
From Bloomington, by Coulter's Store and
Penneys, to Huntsville.
From Bloomington,by Mechanicsburg, Wyan-
dotte, and Linneus, to Chilhcothe.
From Bloomington, by Vienna, to Edina.
From Boonville, by Pilot Grove, Pleasant
Green, Cold Neck, Georgetown, Bee Branch,
Cook's Store, and Bagdad, to Lexington.
From Boonville, by Lamine, Arrow Rock,
Bryan, Marshall, Mount Hope, Dover, Lexing-
ton, Wellington, Sibley, and Fort Osage, to In-
dependence.
From Boonville, by Old Franklin, and frank-
lin, to Fayette.
From Boonville, by Conner's Mills, to Gooch s
Mills.
From Boonville, by Gooche's Mills and Mid-
way, to Pisgah.
From Boonville, by Beilair, Vermont, Round
Hill, and Felix, to Versailles.
From Boonville, by Boon's Lick, to Glasgow. I
From Bolivar, by HermansviHe and Weaub- I
leau, to Oceola. j
From Bolivar, by Halfway, to Buffalo. '
From Bolivar to Fremont, by Fair Play and ''
Bear Creek. !
From Bolivar to Sarcoxie, by Orleans, Crisp i
Prairie, Greenfield, King's Point, Spring River,
and Bower's Mill.
From Bowling Green, by Vannoy's Mills and
Hickory Creek, to Mexico.
From Brunswick, by Yellow Creek, to Lin-
neus.
From Brunswick, by Utica, to Gallatin.
From Brunswick, by Compton's Ferry, Little
Compton, and Fairfield, to Chillicothe.
From Brunswick to Bloomington.
From Caledonia, by iron Mountains, Farming-
ton, Kinkead, Mine La Motte, Fredericktown,
Paton, White Water, and Jackson, to Cape Gi-
rard eau.
From Caledonia, by Munger's Mills, Lester-
ville, Logan's Creek, and Henpeck, to Van Buren.
From Carthage, by Diamond Grove, to Neosho.
From California, by Round Hill, Gilroy, Mount
Carmel, Otterville and Arrator, to Pleasant Green.
From Canton, by Tally, Prairie, Oakley, Fair-
mount, Memphis, Middle Fabbie, and Cherry
Grove, to Lancaster.
From Cap-au-Gris, by Chantilly, Troy, Haw
Point, Covington, and King's Mills, to Danville.
From Cape Girardeau, by Benton, Pleasant
Plains, and Ogden, to New Madrid.
From Carrollton, by Utica, to Chillicothe.
From Cassvilie, by Noah Boone's to Neosho.
From Cassvilie, by King's Prairie, to Mount
Vernon.
From Cave Spring, byHartsvilleand Red Bud,
to Rockbridge.
From Columbia to Nashville.
From Chapel Hill, by Basm Knob and Bluff!
Springs, to Big Creek. i
From Chillicothe, by Spring Hill and Clear !
Creek, to Gallatin. |
From Columbia, by Youngers and Salt river, to 1
Mextco. !
From Chillicothe, by Utica, Kingston, Plum ,
Creek, and Beehive, to Plattsburg. j
From Clifton, by Herculaneum, Selma, Rush ,
Tower, Isle au Bois, St. Genevieve, St. Mary, \
Perryville, and Apple Creek, to Jackson. l
From Clinton, by Lucas, Elk Fork, and But- |
ler, to West Point. i
From Clinton, by Post Oak, to Warrensburg. |
From Clinton, by Deep Water, Spruce, and ;
Pleasant Gap, to Papinsville. j
From Clinton, by Browning's Ferry and Clay,
to Oceola. |
From Crab Orchard, by Prospect Hill and
Hainesville, to Plattsburg. '
From Doniphan to Martinsburg. j
From Danville to Mexico. i
From Ellsworth, by Roubideux, to Hartsville. |
From Eleven Points to Jackson, Arkansas, by ;
Hesterly's.
From Eminence to Thomasville.
From Erie to Buffalo.
From Erie to Oakland, by Lebanon.
From Erie, by Lebanon, Jericho, HazJewood,
Cowskm, and Rig Beaver, to Forsyth.
From Fayette, by Boonsboro', to Arrow Rock.
From Fulton, by Concord, Mexico, and Long
Branch, to Pans.
From Fairview to High Point, Johnson county.
From Farmington, by Big River Mills, Silver
Springs, Avoca, and Argyle, to Hillsboro'.
From Fulton, by Reform, to Portland.
From Fulton, by Millersburg, Columbia,
Rocheport, and Fayette, to Glasgow.
From Fulton, by St. Aubert, to Linn.
From Forsyth, by Cape Fear, to Cassvilie.
From Forsyth to Carrollton, Arkansas.
From Forsyth, by Big Beaver Creek, to Harts-
ville.
From Forsyth, by North Fork, to Rockbridge.
From Fredericktown to Lowndes, by Mildam,
Devall,and Bollinger's.
From Fredericktown, by Cold Water, Green-
ville, Cane Creek, Martmsbura:, Hick's Ferry,
Arkansas, Crossin's Store, Hanauer's Store,
Fourche, Dumas, Pocahontas, and Black's Ferry,
to Jackson.
From Frankfort to Florida, by Spencersburg,
Mudisonville, and Lick Creek.
From Fremont to Fort Scott
From Gentry C. H., by Alanthus Grove,
Sweet Home, Maryvilie, and Halsas Ferry, to
Linden.
From Georgetown to Marshall, by Longwood.
From Georgetown, by Windsor and Calhoun,
to Clinton.
From Georgetown, by Fairview, Knobnoster,
Warrensburg, Globe, and Big Creek, to Harri-
sonville.
From Georgetown to Spring Garden.
From Georgetown, by Spring Fork, to Cole
Camp.
From Glasgow, by Roanoke, Mount Airy,
Huntsville, Milton, Madison, Paris, Florida, In-
dian Creek, Saline, and Pigeon Creek, to Hanni-
bal.
From Glasgow to Bloomington.
From Glasgow, by KeytesviUe, Brunswick,
Pleasant Park, Manlius, Dewitt Carrollton, Round
Grove, Richmond, Crab Orchard, and Woodford,
to Liberty.
From Glasgow, by Cambridge, Petra, Miami,
and Cow Creek, to Marshall.
From Greenfield, by Turnback, Mount Vernon,
and Hall, to Crane Creek.
From Greenville, by Otter Greek and Green-
wood Valley, to Van Buren.
From Green Top, in Schuyler county, by Hart-
ford, to Centreville, m Iowa.
From Hannibal, by Palmyra, Hester, La
Grange, Canton, Tully, and Alexandria, to Keo-
kuk.
From Hannibal to Fayette, by Florida, Paris,
and Huntsville.
From Hannibal, by Hanson, Sharpsburg, and
Somerset, to Paris.
From Hanmt>al, by West Ely, to Shelbyville.
From Hannibal to Naples, Illinois.
From Hannibal toQ,uincy, Illinois.
From Hannibal to St. Joseph's.
From Harrisonville, by west Point and Mar-
vel, to Papmsville.
From Hartsville, by Big Beaver Creek, to For-
syth.
From Hartford to Milan.
From Hermann, by Gasconade Ferry, Freder-
icksburg, and Bailey's Creek, to Linn.
Fiom Hermann, by Merrimack Iron Works
and Licking, to Houston.
From Hermitage, by Buffalo, to Hartsville.
From Hillsboro, by Morse's Mills, to Grubb-
ville.
From Houston, by Stanford and Hickory
Spring, to Rockbridge.
From Houston to Thomasville.
From Houston, by Philadelphia, to Shelby-
ville.
From Huntsville, by Smithland and Middle
Grove, to Madison.
From Independence, by Westport, Fort Leav-
enworth, Fort Kearney, Fort Laramie, Fort
Smith, and Green River, to Salt Lake City, Utah
Territory.
From Independence, by Westport, Kansas,
Delaware, Fort Leavenworth, Weston, Missouri,
De Kalb, and Spuria, to St. Joseph's.
From Independence, by Blue Springs, Stony
Point, Oak Grove, and Chapel Hill, to Columbus.
From Independence, by Big Cedar and Pleas-
ant Hill, to Harrisonville.
From Independence, by Wayne City, to Lib-
erty.
From Iron Mountain, by Arcadia, Lesterville,
Centreville, and Alamode, to Eminence.
From Iron Mountain, by Pilot Knobs, Arcadia,
and Patterson, to Greenville.
From Jackson, by County Seat, Perkin 's Creek,
and Lowndes, to Greenville.
From Jackson, by Peoples and Piketon, to
Bloomfield.
From Jefferson City, by Westphalia, Mavais,
Kinderhook, Spanish Prairie, Maramec, Steel-
ville, Osage, and Harmony, to Caledonia.
From Jefferson City, by Russellville, High
Point, Veisailles, Ilaw Creek, and Cole Camp,
to Warsaw.
From Jefferson City, by William Smith's,
Richard Rounden's,and Latham's, to Little Piney,
in Pulaski county.
From Jefferson City, by Dixonville, Lookout,
and California, to Round Hill.
From Jefferson City, by Marion, Jamestown,
Midway, and Clark'a Fork, to Boonville,
