2318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
From Jeff-rson City to Little Rich Woods. |
From Jefferson City, by Stones Port, to Co- ]
lumbitt. . i
From Jefferson City, by Stringtown ami Hick-
ory Hill, to Tuscumbia.
From Jefferson City, by Dixonville, Lookout,
California, and Pisgah.
From Kansas, by Wiandotte, Parksville, and
Hampton, to Platte City.
From Kansas, by Wiandotte City,Neb, Park-
vilie, and Hampton, to Platte City.
From Kansas, by Parksville and Hampton, to
Platte City.
From Kansas, by Westpoit, Harrisonvilie, Pa-
pinsville, end Caithage, to Neosho.
From Ktne, by Gaston, Fairview, Florence,
and Council Bluff, to Linden, Missouri.
From Key tesville to Bee Branch Settlement.
From Kingston, by Mirabile, Elmont, Grind-
stone Point, Maysville, and Gentry ville, to Gent-
ry C. H.
Fiom Kirksvi'le to Coffceville, in Adair county.
From Kirksville, by Green Fop, to Lancas-
ter.
From Kirksville to Linneus.
From Lebanon, by Long L ine, Buffalo, Shady
Grove, Pa&co, and Hickoiy Barren, to Spring-
field.
From Lebanon, by Brush Creek, Fortner's
Hill, St. Luke, and St. Mirk, to Springfield.
From Lebanon to Houston.
From Lebanon, Arkansas, by Marshall's
Prairie and Hussaw's Prairie, to Forsyth.
From Lancaster, by Chariton Mills, Hartford,
and Saint John's, to Princeton.
From La Grange to Houston.
From La Grange to Monticello.
From La Grange to Newark. ]
Fiom Lebanon to Waynesville. ;
From Lexington, by Camden, to Richmond.
From Lexington, by Rrnwick's Mill?:, Colum- :
bus, Wanensbuii?, Air, Moss, and Iabo,toLex- ,
inj>fon. |
Fiom Lexington, by Anthon Young's, Elijah i
Gladioli's, Fn-edom. Kukpatrick's Mills, and;
Nobnoster, to Calhoun. i
From Lexington, by Greenton, Snibar, Chapell |
Hi!!, Lone Jack, and Pleasant Hill, to Harrison- j
ville. |
From Lexington to Georgetown. j
From Lisle, by Westphalia, Marvais, Pay i
Down, Kinderhook, Lane'rf Prairie, Spanish j
Pranie, Maraniee, Steelvdle, Osage, and Har- <
moriy, to Caledonia. j
From Libei t y, by Rid^ely, Ringgold, and Cam- i
den Point, to P>uena Vista. i
From L'berty, by Mount Gilead, Paradise, and
Carpenter's Store, to Platt^bunr.
From Liberty, by Bury and Platte City, to
WV.-ton.
From Little Piney, by Relfe and Ellsworth, to
Houston
From Little Prairie to Crnne Creek.
From Lmneus, by Scottsvilb1, to Milam.
From Lmneu , by Nevada, to Trenton.
From Lmneus to Kirksville.
From Vlarnmpr, by Little Prairie,Little Piney,
and Pine BiulT, fo Wayne^ville.
From Marshall, by Hazel Grove, to Browns-
•viPe.
Fiom Marshall, by Elm Wood, Blanche, and
Elk Grove, '<> Lexington.
From M'lan, bv \Ve<t Locust, Lewis's Mill,
and Jndg^ Johnson's Store, to Princeton.
From Mm mi to Brunswick.
From McKmny to Alton.
Fiom Memphis, by Pekin, Dr. P. T. Huff's,
and Stiles, to Bioomiie'd, Iowa.
From Mexico, by Shy Post, Shamrock, and
Flint Point, to Danville.
From Mexico, by Littleby, Lick Creek, and
Matiisonvi'le, to Nevv London.
From Monticello, by Edina, Timbered Branch,
Ku ksulle, Nintveh, Milan, and Halley's Mill, to
Trenton.
Kicm Monticello, by Tally, to Canton.
From Monticello, by Colony, to Sand Hill.
From Mount Sterling, by Woollam, Jake's
Pranie, Ai<ro, Bourbon, Harrison's Mills, and
Fourclie A . Renault, to Potest.
From Mount Vernon, by Dankle'.s Store, Ash-
givve, and Walnut Grove, to Oileans.
biijm Ni^evthf by Hartford, to Centreville,
Iowa.
From Neosho, by Oliver's Prairie, Capse s
Creek, and Mount Pleasant, to Mount Vernon.
From Neosho, by Oliver's Prairie and X'iazel
Bottom, to Wiishbourne's Prair e.
From Neosho, by Gates, Enterprise, Elk j;
Mills, Honey Creek, Maysville, Arkansas, Dou- p
ble Spring, Baptist Mission, and Sylva, to ,
Boonesboro'. j
From Neosho, by Harman's Mill, Pineville, J
and White Rock Prairie, to Bentonville. j
From Neosho to Albuquerque, m New Mexico, j
From Neosho, by Grand Falls, to Crawford i
Seminary. 1
From Neosho to Rutledge. j
From Nevada to Lmdley. ;
From New Madrid to Hickman's Bend, Arkan- j
sas, by Point Pleasant, Solitude, Gayoso, and j
Cottonwood. i
From New Madrid to Hickman, Kentucky. ;
From Oceola, by Roscoe, St. Helen, Copling- j
er's Mills, Fremont, White Hare, Horse Creek, |
and Coon Creek, to Carthage. 1
From Oceola, by Clulk Level, Monagaw, Pa- j
pinsville, and Little Oda^e, to Foit Scott. J
From Oceola to HarnsonviMe. ^ !
From Oceola, by Jenkin's Bridge, Gluincy, and |
Bledsoe, to Hermitage. i
From Osa^e, by Cherry Valley, Short Bend,
Montauk, Devall, and Licking, to Ellsworth.
From Ohio City, by Bald wmsville and Hope-
well, to Columbus.
From Ohio City to Oaiio, Illinois.
From Owensville to Mount Ctirmel, Illinois.
From Palmyra, by Biooke 'tile, Philadelphia, ^
West Springfield, Newaik, Bee Ridge, Ldma, |
and Sand Hill, to Memphis. :
From Palmyra, by Warren, Oakdale, Shelby- |
ville, Hagar'sGiove, and I en Mlie, to Bloomjng- ^
ton. , |
From Palmyra to Marion City. ;
F.om Paris by Woodlawn, Woodviile, Wil- ,
liamsonville, Bloommgton, East Fork, and New- ,
burse, to Knksville. \
From Paris to Florida. :
From Paris, by Gieenwood, Walkersville, j
Shelbyville, and Bethel, to Newark. 1
From Papmsville, by Little Osage, Dry Wood,
and Lamar, to Carthage.
From Papinsville, by Eton and White Hare, to
Greenfield.
From Perryville, by Port Perry, to Chester.
From Pinckney, by Loutre island, and Big
Spring, to Danville.
From Plattsburg, by Castile, Boyer's Settle-
ment, and Rochester, to Savannah.
From PraineviUe, by Paynesville, to Clarks-
ville.
From Princeton, ? y Bethany, to Gentry C. H.
Fiom Princeton, by Middleburg, Trenton, and
j Gracsy Cieek, to Chilhcothe.
| From Port William, bv S W. Evans's Stove,
Grubbville, and Rucker's Prairie, to Rich Woods.
| From Quincv, by Humansville and S. Mtts-
I tain and Son's Store, to Fremont.
! From Richmond, by Melville, to Finney's
Grove.
From Richmond, by Knoxville and Kingston,
I to Gallatin.
j Fimn Savannah, by Hale's Point, Littsvufe,
: ant! Reindeer, to iVIaryville.
i From Richmond, by Union Meeting: house and
j McClain's Mills, to \la>-quam's Store.
< From Sarooxie, by Mount Pleasant, Valley
| Prairie, and Gailfiy, to Oassville.^
.i Fiom Sarcoxie, by Diamond Grove, to Blythe-
| ville.
i From SarcoxiP to Carthage.
I From St. Charles, by Wellsburs,_ Flint Hill,
! Troy,Old Alexandria, Aubarn, Prairieville, Bow-
| ling Green, Fianktbrt.and Xeiv London, to Han-
f mbai.
| From St. Charles to Mexico.
j From St. Charles, by !iiinbur°', Missouriton,
I Augusta, Femme Osage, and Marthasvilie, to
Pinrkney.
From St. Genevieve, by Avon, to Kmkead.
From St Genevieve, to Kaskaskia, Illinois.
From St. Genevieve to Farmins;ton,
From Short Bend, by Breckemidge's Mill and
Winston, to Eminence.
From Shelbyville to Kirksville.
From St. Joseph, by Savant.ah, Noduaway,
Oregon, Jackson Point,Taikio,Irish Grove, Lin-
den, High Creek, McKissack's Grove, (Iowa,)
Austin, Glenwood, Sidney, and Dawsonburg, to
Council Bluff-!.
From St. Joseph, by Rochester and Gentry-
ville, to Athens.
From St Joseph, by Walnut Hill, and Rock-
house Prairie, to Plattsburg.
From St. Joseph, by Evansville, Maryville, and
Victoria, to Gallatin.
From St. Joseph, by Sentinel, Rochester, and
Ger.tryvilie, to Gentry C. H.
From St. Louis, by St. Charles, Aususta,
Washington, Pinckney, Hermann, Portland, St.
Aubert, Jefferson City, Claysville, Marion, Nash-
ville, Rocheport, Boon ville, Arrow Rock, Glas-
gow, Cambridge, Keytesville Landing,Brunswick,
Dewitt, Miami, Waverly, Dover Landing, Lex-
ington, Wellington. Camden, Sibley, Liberty,
| Randolph, Kansas, Parkville, Fort Leavenworth,
i and Weslon, to St. Joseph.
j From St. Louis, by Central, Creve Cceur, and
! Belleraonte, to Bonhomme.
I From St. Louis, by Waltnnham.Feefee, Bri^dge-
| ton, St. Charles, Oottleville, Naylor's Store, Hick-
; ory Grove. Warrenton, Camp Branch, rli^h Hill,
i Danville, Williamsburgh, Jones's Tanyard. Ful-
! ton, New Bloomfield, and Ilibernia, to Jefferson
I City. .
: From St. Louis, by Clarksville, Cap-au-Gris,
' La Grange, Louisiana, Canton, Hannibal, Tully,
i Ma'ion City, duincy, Illinois, Alexandria, and
I Warsaw, to Keokuk, Iowa.
From Saint Louis, by Carondelet, Jefferson
Barracks, Mattese, Sulphur Springs, Clifton,
!! t-Iillsboro', Glen Finlas, Old Mines, and Potosi,
1' to Caledonia.
j. From Saint Louis, by Laclede, Ivirkwood,
i Merrimac, Allentown, Franklin Depot, Port Wil-
liam, and South Point, to Washington.
I[ From Saint Louis, by Sappmgton, Fenton, and
! House's Sfiiing, to Hillsboro'.
j: From Shelbyville, by John W. Roy's, Lydey's,
Davis's, and Duntey's Mills, to Mt'an
I! From Springfield, by White Oak Grove and
Ozark, to Forsyth.
b From Springfield, by Henderson, Finley, and
! Red Bud, to Rockbridge.
:S From Springfield, by Walnut Forest, Dallas,
j! Saint Paul, Hazlewood, Waldo, and Pleasant
I, Valley, to Hartsvdle.
1 From Springfield, by Cm ran, Crane Creek,
!, Cassvtlle, Washbourne'o Prairie, Pea Ridge,
i, Osage Mills, Elm Grove, and Bentonville, Ar-
kansas, to Fayetteville.
' From Springfield, by Pond Creek, Chesapeake,
i Mount Vernon, Sarcoxie, and Shoal Creek, to
'1 Neosho. >
j From Soring field, hv Bois d'Arc, Ash Grove,
and Rock Praii le, to Greenfield.
I From Springfield, by Linden, Soel Hall's, Law-
■ rence'a Mills, Herod Holts, Wall, and Bratten's
: Store, and Saint Leger.to Salem, in Fulton coun-
ty, Arkansas.
From Springfield, by Yocum Mins and Galena,
to Cape Fear.
b From Springfield to Fremont.
From Spring Hill, by Crittenden, to Bethany.
! From Thomasville, by Warm Fork, South
Fork, Arkansas, Myatte, PilotX-Itil, Untoii, Cross
: Plains, and Benbrook's Mais, to Mount Olive.
From Thomasville, by West Plains and Potters-
ville, to Rockbridge.
From Thomasville,by Mill Creek, to Doniphan.
From Troy, by Millwood and Louisville, to
1 Ashley.
I From Troy, by Corson, King's, Brush Creek
Settlement, and Middietown, to Mexico.
From Trenton to Gallatin.
Froni Tuscumbia,by Erie, Oregon, Dry Glaze,
and Lebanon, to Oakland .
From Tnscumbia to Wavnesville.
From Versailles, by Mining, to Erie,
! From TusRumbin, by Pleasant Mount and
Rocky Mount, to Versailles.
From Tuscumbia to Lebanon, by Wet Glaze
and Dry Glaze.
From Union to Dieetzville, in Franklin county.
From Union to Lebanon. . .
From Union, by Traveller's Repose, to Virginia
M in es.
From Union, by Southworth's, Boone, Jake 3
Prairie, and Miller's, to Little Bmey.
From Versailles, by Boyler'a Mib, Duroc,
Le&siey, Cross Timbers, 31ack O.tk Point, Ur-
bana, and Sentinel Prairie, to Bolivar.
