1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1461
Every other day we devote to business, and the
intermediate days we devote to considering wheth-
er we shall do anything or not.
Mr. ADAMS. Will my friend allow me to
ask hitn what Senator has made all the motions for
the various recesses which we have recently taken
at this session?
Mr. STUART. I know what the Senator from
Mississippi means, and I will reply to him. There
was a common understanding a few weeks ago,
that the Senate should take a recess for the pur-
pose of cleaning out the Hall, taking up the car-
pets, and changing the winter for the summer ar-
rangements; and it was the general understanding
that there should he no business done during the
succeeding week. Nobody objected to it but my
friend from Mississippi, and hecalled for theyeas
and nays; but the Senate agreed to take the recess.
Senators all around me—the Senators from New
York, the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,]
and I think I can say half the Senate—applied to
me personally, for what reason I know not, to
ascertain whether 1 would be here, and whether
the understanding that, during the following week
there should be no business of importance done,
would be really carried out ? In obedience to that
general understanding I made the two motions for
adjourning over to which the Senator refers.
Mr. ATCHISON. And I seconded them.
Mr. STUART. As the honorable Senator from
Missouri says, he seconded the motions. Now, I
may fairly ask, if I am chargeable with neglect
of duties in the Senate? I have made no visits to
my home; I have not been out of the city during
the session. I claim no particular credit for it.
I only wish to justify myself against the inference
that might be drawn from the remark of the Sena-
tor from Mississippi. I have been found always
in my seat and never in a hurry to adjourn.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. WALKER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 23, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Bell, ISrod-
liead, Cass, Clay, Dawson, Dixon, Fessenden, Fish, Fitz-
patrick, Foot, Hamlin, Johnson, Mason, Norris, Rockwell,
Rusk, Sebastian. Seward, Toombs, and Wade—23.
NAVS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Brown,Chase,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa. Evans, Geyei, Gil-
lette, Houston, Hunter, James, Jones of Tennessee, i'ettit,
Pratt, Shields,Stuart, Sumner, Walker, and \V llhains—31.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 21, 3854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. MilbuRK.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
enrolled bills signed.
The PRESIDENT signed the enrolled bills
yesterday received from the House of Represent-
atives, for the relief of Benjamin Rowe; and for the
relief of Captain E. A. F. Lavalette, of the United
States Navy.
petitions, etc.
Mr. EVANS presented the petition of Robert
Mills, in relation to a central route to the Pacific j
ocean; which was referred to the Select Committee
appointed on the subject of the Pacific railroad.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented the
memorial of Mary Kinner and Mary E. McCoy,
praying indemnity for losses sustained by them
in the depreciation of their property, in conse-
quence of delays interposed by the land officers
in perfecting their titles; which was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. BELL presented the petition of Henry P.
Ryan, and twenty-two others, citizens of Knox
county, Tennessee, praying that the soldiers who
served in the Creek war of 1814, may be placed
on the same footing as to pensions and bounty
land with the soldiers engaged in other wars of
the United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
reports prom standing committees.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of P. C. Miles,
praying to be allowed an increase of pension,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
object, have instructed me lo state, that while they
approve of the object and purpose of the memo-
rials, and think the proposed work a very important
one, yet that there is a division in the committee,
in part as to the expediency of action at the pres-
ent time, and in part on the ground of the consti-
tutionality of the modes of action suggested, and
therefore, they have not been able to agree on any
bill, and have instructed me for these reasons to
ask that they may be discharged from the further
consideration of the memorials.
The motion was agreed to.
african slave trade.
Mr. SEWARD. In pursuance of notice given
yesterday, I ask leave to introduce a bill to regu-
late navigation to the coast of Africa, in vessels
owned by citizens of the United States in certain
cases. It becomes necessary, in my judgment,
that such a hill should be brought to the considera-
tion of the Senate. After giving the notice yes-
terday, I learned that the honorable Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] at some time during
my absence, had expressed a purpose to introduce
such a bill, and I learned also, informally, that he
had been instructed by the Committee on Foreign
Relations to report a bill to that effect. 1 merely
ask leave to introduce this bill, and have it laid
on the table, as my object is not to embarrass
him but to cooperate with him.
Leave to introduce the bill was granted, and it
was read a first time, and ordered to a second
reading.
amendments of the steamboat law.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill supplementary to an act enti-
tled " An act to amend an act entitled ' An act. to
provide for the better secunty of the lives of pas-
sengers on board vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam, and for other purposes,' ap-
proved August 30, 1852;" which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is desirable that this bill
should receive an early passage; and as I appre-
hend it will meet with no objection I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to have it acted
upon at this time.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It provides for the appointment of an additional
supervising inspector, to comprehend that portion
of the United States lying upon the Pacific ocean,
who is to receive a compensation of $3,000 per
annum, and a like allowance for expenses of
travel, as is provided for the other supervising
inspectors. It also provides for two local inspect-
ors, for the collection district of Puget's Sound;
one as the inspector of hulls, and the other as in-
spector of boilers—at an annual compensation of
$500. ,
It fuither proposes to enact that the operation
of so much of the ninth section of the original act
of 1852, as requires the use of alloyed metals fusi-
ble by the heat of steam, shall be suspended until
(he 3d of March next; and that so much of the
act of July 7, 1838, as authorizes the appoint-
ment of persons to make inspections of steam-
boats and boilers, and receive compensation there-
for shall be repealed; and that the inspections
?ZStS&8XX&$S Ms SMS
charged from its further consideration, which was j| P™^ of Oregon atui Washington shall compose
agreed to. i district for the inspection of steamboat hulls and
notices of bills. !; ™ ^ constitute a par, 0f the same
Mr. SUMNER gave notice of his intention to ,| district w;tj, Louisiana and Arkansas. They are
i ?sk leave to introduce a bill making a grant of : gQ remote however, that it is found utterly mi-
dland warrants to the State of Massachusetts to,: ... , cm„ insner.tnr who
I was referred the petition of Frederick Denio, an |
invalid pensioner, praying to be allowed back |
1 pension, submitted an adverse report thereon; '
which was ordered to be printed. I
Mr. TOOMBS, from the Committee on Indian
, Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
; George Stealey, praying compensation for his
i services, and remuneration for his expenses in
; visiting the Indians in California, under the direc-
j Hon of the commissioner of Indian affairs for that
i State, submitted an adverse report thereon; which
I was ordered to be printed.
| Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on Pen-
| sions, to whom was referred the petition of Sarah
; Harmon, formerly widow of Timothy Murray,
' who was killed in the military service of the United
! States during the last war with Great Britain,
j praying to be allowed half pny and bounty land,
I submitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
: He also, from the same committee, to whom
i was referred the petition of the children and heirs
I of Uriah Jones, a soldier in the Revolutionary
war, praying a pension, submitted an adverse re-
port thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Cyrus H. McCormick, pray-
ing the extension of letters patent granted him
on the 21st June, 1834, for improvements in the
machine for reaping all kinds of small grain, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed. (
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com- >
merce, to whom were referred the following peti- !
tions, &c., asked to be discharged from their j
further consideration; which was agreed to:
Petition of steamboat officers and engineers at
Cincinnati, praying that measures may be taken I
to make Evans's safety-guard against the explo- :
sion of boilers free to the public, by the purchase
; of his patent right, or otherwise;
i Petition of steamboatinspectors, engine builders,
I and others, citizens of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania,
I representing the importance of Evans's safety-
I guard for preventing the explosion of steam-
■ boilers, and praying the puichase of the patent
1 right, or the adoption of some other means of
! making the same free to the public;
i Memorial of owners of tug or towing steam-
{ boats, employed in the revenue district of New
! York, praying that all such boats not carrying
| passengers may be exempt from the inspection
| required by the act of August 30, 1852;
I Petition of citizens of Alabama and other south-
i ern States, praying that restrictions in regard to
' the transportation of turpentine and the various
1 other products of the pine tree, on board of steam-
: boats, may be repealed;
Petition of Hammond Howe and others,praying
1 that the late law providing for the better Becurity
: of the lives of passengers on board vessels pro-
' pelted in whole or in part by steam, maybe
amended; and
1 Petition of John Thomas, praying an appropri-
j ation to enable him to test certain improvements
made by him in the inclined-plane ox mill.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
memorial of William Gunton and others, praying
11 /• .1. _ 1... T .3     itinPoof.
, ; EU ICIU'Jtv-j nu .  X. ,    . . . ,
liiuu     - -- , ' tr> i' practicable for the supervising inspector who
1 aid in the construction of a tunnel unuer the ;'resitles at New Orleans, to discharge the duties ot
CUU ill —   J
. Hoosac mountain, and providing for tne convey-
I ance of mails, troops, and munitions of war
! through the same free of toll. _ _ .
j Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, gave notice ot nis in-
tention to ask leave to introduce a bill to provide
j for the transportation of the mails.
i falls of niagara.
Mr. SEWARD. The Committee on Com-
! merce, to whom were referred sundry memorials
from citizens of the United States, praying for an
!, _ *"Ui~if n smiri 0,S_n£Ll
that office. It therefore provides for a new di;
trict upon the Pacific coast. The second section
of the bill provides for the supension of the ninth
section of the onginal act, which provided that
a certain kind of alloy should be used in the con-
struction of all steamboat boilers The supervis-
ing inspectors are now making experiments by
which it is believed greater security will be at-
tained in the construction of steamboat boilers.
The proposition is to suspend the absolute provis-
£  tha Qfl of March next. I
from citizens of the United States, praying ior an i nejopo™. ^^ ^ ,
