1462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
JAMES DIXON.
Mr. DAWSON. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of James Dixon, praying compensation for
extra work done on the court-house in the city of
Alexandria, District of Columbia, have directed
me to submit a report, accompanied by a bill
making an appropriation to the petitioner. I will
state to the Senate that Mr. Dixon is an old man.
He did the work many years ago, and has never
been paid for it. The subject has been referred
to the committee for several years, and has been
reported upon favorably. I will ask the Senate
to take it up, and consider if at ihis time.
The bill was read twice by its title, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to pay James Dixon $487 23 for the
work done by him.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE NAVY.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the Senate now to
take up the bill, which was under consideration
yesterday, to improve the naval service, for the
purpose of putting it upon its passage after making
several amendments winch have been agreed upon.
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. HuntmiJ has
consulted the Secretary of the Navy, and some
amendments have been agreed upon. I believe
there is now no objection from any quarter upon
the subject, and with the permission of the Senate
I will read the several sections of the bill as they
are proposed to be amended.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill.
M r. MALLORY. I n accordance with the sug-
gestions of the honorable Senator from Virginia,
i move to strike out of that part of the second sec-
tion, which l elates to midshipmen, the words " on
the recommendation of the Representative there-
of," and the woids "on the recommendation of
the Senators thereof, i enpectively." Tins obvi- I
ates the objection made yesteiday, which presup- j
posed that jt vested the power of appointing the'
officers m Congress instead of (he Kxecutive.
Mr. KAIHil£R. I will ask the Senator what
effect that amendment wilt liave on the law already
in force'1
Mr. MALLORY. It will have no effect upon
the Jaw as if is.
j\lt. i>ADGI5R. Then I am opposed to the
amendment. 1 do not why there should be
one set of midshipmen appointed upon the nom- j
inution of the members of the LJ ouse and another
set, not appointed upon their nomination. 1 was
opposed to this system at first; but having
adopted it, we ought either to carry it out and ex-
tend it to this body, as well as to the House, or
abolish it altogether. 1 hope the Senate will not
agree to that amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. The law as it is now ex-
plained here is an amendment to an appropri-
ation bill, and gives the nomination of midship-
men to the Naval Academy to the Representatives
from the paiticular congressional districts, and
withdraws those nominations from the Senate.
Now, the House when ir adopted that amendment
did not consider the midshipmen as officers, but
as cadets only, and got rid of the constitutional
objection by that means. The committee were not
disposed, in this matter, to pronounce any opinion
upon that at all. 1 hold that it is a mere matter of Ex-
ecutive regulation. The Executive may sanction
that course or he may not. I propose, therefore,
in this section, not to legislate upon that subject,
but simply to say, that instead of therebping two
cadets from each congressional district, theie shall
be one, and that there shall be two at large from
each State without saying upon whose recom-
mendation they shall beappointed. I understand
the Senator from North Carolina objects to that.
Mr. BADGER. I object to it for the reason I
have given, 1 think the members of both Houses
ought to be on an equal footing.
Mr. FISH. They are both placed upon the
same footing by the bill. If the Senator from
Florida will lead the section as he proposes to
amend it, the Senator from North Carolina wiil
observe that both Senators and Representatives
are put upon the same footing.
Mr. MALLORY. They are put upon pre-
cisely the same footing. It makes no difference.
Mr. BADGER. But they are not upon the
same footing as to the midshipmen directed to be
appointed.
Mr. PISH. They are as to all hereafter to be
appointed.
Mr. MALLORY. I will read that part of the
section as it will stand if amended:
"The number of midshipmen and acting midshipmen,
including those of the Naval Academy, shall be determined
as follows, to wit: one shall be appointed from each con-
gressional district of the United States, two from each
State, ten to be appointed by the President dt large, arid
those authorized by this act to be selected irom the hoys of
the Navy."
These will constitute the midshipmen of the
Navy, and both Houses in this respect stand alike.
This is the first amendment proposed.
The next amendment, suggested also by the
honorable Senator from Virginia, contemplates the
striking out of the bill the retired list, called the
4t permanent furlough list," and leaves but two
modes of getting rid of officers; one to place them
upon the retired list, and the other to drop them
from the Navy entirely. The third section is made
to conform thereto, by striking out the words "or
permanently furlough," and the words "and of
the officers so furloughed or retired, those on the
retired list only shall be entitled to wear the naval
uniform*," and the words relating to such a list
wherever they occur.
The third and last amendment, which the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia suggested—and I
understand he suggests it now at the instance of
the Secretary of the Navy—is to strike out all of
the seventh section after the woid assigned," as
follows:
" The duties of equipping the vessels, and of supervising,
repiMeunj;, and detailing; the otiiceis and men of the naval
seiviee, and Mieh other duties pertaining to the service
the Secretary of the Navy may dm et; and the order.-; of
tmch buteuu shall be considered as emanating horn the
Secte.tary of the Navy, and shall have full toiee and effect
ti* "itch, ami all ihe dutte.-. of--aid buteuu s>hall be pt-rlot ined
under his atilhoi ity and Mipej v hioii,"'
And to insert the words,
—j-ueh dunes as peiiam to t!
detailing of olheers and men
Secictaiy ol (he Navy.
\ thmk that is a mere verbal amendment, which
is of no importance either way. These are ali
the amendments suggested by the Senator from
Vngima yesterday. 1 here was one which I
desired to offer upon the subject of the assimilated
rank of the Navy, it was agreed upon in a con-
ference of the committees of the two llouaes, but
1 was unable to obtain a copy of its details until
this morning. I now propose it with a slight
alteration. The assimilated rank, 1 will remark
here, has been a subject of very considerable vex-
ation in the Navy, -and it is highly important that
every ollicer in the service should have not only
his rank and duties but his privileges all distinctly
legislated upon and fixed. The amendment which
I propose is to add the following:
Pi-r. 10. Jtvdbnt further enacted. Thatthe assimilated
rank between the line and Matt officer" of the Navy, shall
hereaticj be determined by the following provisions:
1. Surgeons, pursers, chaplain", pi ofessors of mathemat-
ics, and chief engineers ol over twelve yeai." standing in
their respective qtades, shall rank with commanders.
2. Smgcotif-. pursers, chaplain", professor-.ol mathemat-
, ics, and chief engineers, under twelve joartj' standing,
sdiall tank with lieutenant".
I 3 Passed as-smtant surgeons shall iank with commis-
sioned masters'
I Assistant surgeon" and fust assistant engineers ."hall
rank next alter conuuisMoned masteis,
fcM cond assistant engineer" "hall rank with midship-
men, and thud assistant engineers next after midshipmen '
f>. Tins asMtmlah d rank ihall m no ease confer on a&tafi
officer the 1 '"lit to command.
7. Commanding officer" of whatever erade f>haU take
piecedeiiee over alt start officers attached to their command
winie on military duty ; under other eiieumstance:-, pi cred-
ence shall be regulated by length of service, as heretofore
set fouh.
I will observe, in regard to the third provision,
that the words "commissioned masters " are put
in, because it is contemplated bv the bill to confer
a commission upon the rank of passed midship-
men. The Senator from Maine asks me if we
have chaplains m the assimilated rank ? The first
provision reads:
Surgeons, pui"ers. chaplain", professors of mathematics,
and chief en<jin?ei^, of ovei twelve \ ears standing m then
respective giades. >hall lank with commanders.
equipment of vessels ami
shall be piesenbed by the
Mr. PRATT. I will inquire of the Senator, if
the amendment which he has just proposed does
not conform to the bill of the House which we
have seen printed in some newspapers, with the
single exception pointed out by him? 1 under-
stand it does.
Mr. MALLORY. I understand distinctly that
it does. My design was to make it so. The ex-
ception is this: There was found in the published
report of the bill of the House a provision that
on trials by court-martial, at least one third of the
members composing the court should be of the
grade of the officer arraigned for trial. 1 consider
that an anomaly in military practice. I believe it
does not exist in any military service.
Mr. PRATT. I will further inquire of the
Senator, if I understood him correctly in our inter-
view, that the privileges of staff officers in the
Army are similai ?
Mr. MALLORY. That is my understanding.
The chairman of the Military Committee, per-
haps, has better information than i have on the
subject. By the unanimous consent of the Senate
I propose that the question be taken on the first
three amendments which I have offered, and sep-
arately upon that which relates to the assimilated
rank.
The question was taken on the first three amend-
ments, and they were agreed to; and then, on the
last amendment, and it was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engio&sed for a third
reading.
It was read a third time; and passed by a vote,
on a division—ayes 24, noes 11.
TEXAS DEBT.
Mr. GWIN. A bill was reported the other day
from the Committee on Finance m regard to the
Texas debt. It does not meet with my approba-
tion. I am sure it does not meet with the appro-
bation of that committee, and I therefore move to
recommit it, because 1 believe we can so frame a
bill and bring it before the Senate as to meet its
approbation. I move to take up the bill so that f
may submit the motion to recommit it.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to, and,
On the motion of Mr. GWIN, it was recommit-
ted to the Committee on Finance.
HALF PAY TO SURGEONS' MATES.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to offer the following
joint resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the Untied Slate? jn C'onpcvs aacmlded, That the ievo-
lution <>t ihe 17ih of January, 178la je^ulafum the allowance
dunnir life, m lieu of half pay to the officers of the hos-
pital department and medical staff, shall be so construed
astoe\U'i)d to sui^'eons ' m.ites, w ho shall he entitled to
iceeivc the same pay as by said resolution is allowed to
hospital physicians and surgeons.
The resolution of the 17th January, 1781, pro-
vides as follows :
" Iloolrcd, That all officer* in the hospital department
and medical staff hereinafter mentioned, who shall con-
tinue in sci wee to the end of the war,or be reduced be fin«
that time as supernumeraries, shall be entitled to, and re-
ceive dunn^ life, in lieu of halt pay the following allow-
ance, viz *.
The, director of the hospital equal to the half pay of a
lieutenant colonel.
a (Jlnef physicians and surceons of the Army and hospi-
tal, and hospn.il phy.M< lansiuid t-urgeons, purveyor, apothe-
caiy, and regimental surgeons, each equal to the half pay
of a captain."
Notwithstanding this broad language used in
that resolution, I understand that the accounting
officers of the Treasury, following the rule which
was established shortly after its passage, have de-
I termined that it does not include surgeons' mates;
so that all the surgeons' mates of the Revolu-
; tionary war have not received that compensation
i which it was the manifest design of Congress to
j allow them by this resolution of 1781,
I state further, that in every case m which appli-
; cation has been made to Congress by surgeons'
mates, and where Congress has acted definitively
; upon them, they have had allowed the compensa-
| tion which is here allowed to the hospital sur-
1 geons. The resolution, then, which I have the
honor to propose, is merely to direct the Depart-
' ment so to construe the oiigmal resolution as to
'make it extend to surgeons'mates. I may say
. that I am sure there will be no difficulty as to it
, in the mind of anyone here; and, theiefore, I
ask that the resolution may now be considered
i and passed.
! jVJr. HAYAUD. I must move the reference of
i the resolution to the appropriate committee.
