752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27.
He should tell the people that he has no power to
spend a dollar beyond what is appropriated, and
that all should go to ruin rather than that the Con-
stitution should be violated. Let the responsi-
bility fall where it ought properly to fail—on those
who control the purse-strings of the country.
Now. Mr. President, I wish to ask the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Finance whether
there is a single item in this bill—not whether it is
mainly made up of that class, but whether there
is a single item in it to cover up money which has
already been taken from the Treasury beyond the
appropriations which have been made? If there
is such an item I shall vote against the whole bill.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 do not believe there is an
item to cover expenditures which have been made
beyond the appropriations. W here there were no
appropriations the money was not expended, but
there are some items to cover liabilities incurred,
and but few of these; and theie are special circum-
stances attending them. There are some items
covering liabilities which were incurred by public
officers beyond the amount of appropi lation.
Mr. PteTTIT. Then I shall certainly do this,
if no more: When the bill shall have passed, 1
will move to make its title correspond with the
fact that it is a bill making further appropriations,
and not filling up deficiencies of money already
appropriated, in violation of law. I say, it is a
censuie upon the Administration, if they have
used the money, and they ought to be heralded to
the woild as desiring to make up deficit* to cover
up that which they have taken from theTreasury. j
If they have not so taken it let this be called an I
additional appropriation bill, and not a deficiency |
bill. . j
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, it is evident that j
my colleague, the chairman of the Committee on |
Finance, is mistaken in his belief that the bill can
be passed in the morning hour. 1 mustask, there-
fore, (hat us further consideration be postponed,
ill order that the Senate may into Executive
session. 1 make that motion.
Mr. HUNTliEt. Let us fix some time to which
the bill is to be poslponed—let us say half-past
twelve o'clock to-morrow. I hope the Senate
will give mean hour and a half every morning
until we dispose of the bill.
Several Senators. Very well.
Mr MASON. 1 move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill till to-moirow morning,
at half-past twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS SECRET SESSION.
Mr. MASON. I move thattlie Senate proceed
to the considetation ot' Executive business.
Mr. WALKKR. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special oider.
The PllESIDKNT. The Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Mason] liasn motion before the Senate.
Mr. WALKER. I do not tlunk the motion of
the Senator bus precedence. It is a question , if I
understand it, as to whether we shall postpone
the special oider or not
The PRESI DENT. That is true.
Mr. WALKER. I wish that the Senate may
understand distinctly what we are voting upon.
It is to postpone the special order, which is the
homestead bill, in order to proceed to the consid-
eration of Executive business. If the Senate
vote for that motion 1 shall not rebel, but at ihe
same lime I prefer that the special order shall
take precedence.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Virginia withdraw his motion?
Mr. MASON. I do not, sir.
Mr. SHIELDS. ! was about to appeal to the
honorable Senator to withdraw his motion, for
the purpose of allowing me to report,and ask the
Senate to consider two Joint resolutions from the
House. One provides for the disfubution of arms,
and the other is explanatory of the law regulating
the number of cadets to be appointed to the Mil-
itary Academy at West Point. I hope both will
be passed without, any debate. I would state to
the honorable Senator that the anxiety for passing
one ol* these joint resolutions is on account of the
necessity oi appointing cadets at tins time to enter
then elatses. That resolution is til but few words,
and I hope the honorable Senator will permit it to
be passed this rnoi nin£, as I am very much pressed
by members of the House, and by the Depart-
ment, to have it passed as soon as possible.
Mr. MASON. I should be gratified if I could
accede to the request; but I cannot, for reasons
which I am sure me Senate wili appreciate.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, I should
like very much to have an understanding as to
some time at which we can get the Senate to take
up ihe homestead bill. If there is to be a regular
pitched battle between the homestead bill and the
Gadsden treaty, or some other matter of that sort
not proper now to be debated, 1 wish to know
exactly when it is to come on, and to know it as
soon as possible. I wish, in other words, to
divide the time. I make no announcement as to
my partiality for either of these measures. I am
openly for one, and the other is not a matter about
which I am privileged to speak at present. What
I wish is, a fair division of the time between them;
and I want the fi lends of the homestead bill now to
bring themselves up, night and morning, to the
scratch, so that we shall test the matter before it
is overslaughed. I know that that measuie has
been overslaughed in time past, under this sort of
pressure; and I wish to warn its friends that it
will be so again, if they do not take care. It has
a great many enemies that it ought not to have,
and I am astonished that it should have them.
We are to have a severe conflict for it; and if the
Executive business is to be prolonged for a great
period, I wish to divide the time of the Senate be-
tween that and the homestead bill.
Mr. BRODIiEAD. Mr. Piesident, there is
another bill in regard to which 1 should like to
make an inquiry of niy friend from Iowa, as he is
the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands.
I have had, for some time, before the Senate, a
bill granting one hundred and sixty acres of land
to each of the old soldiers, and to their descend-
ants, and 1 want to know what has become of it?
I want a littie portion of the time, not day and
night, as the Senator from Iowa wants,butasmall
portion of the time of the Senate for the consid-
eiation of that bill. Sir, there are thousands, and
tens of thousands in the old States who aie inter-
ested in it, and when we are considering homestead
bills, and having them forced upon us, I wish to
inquire what has been done with the bill to which
1 refer, which has been so long before the Com-
mittee on Public Lands of ihe Senate?
Mr. MASON. I submit, if this debate is in
order on ihe motion to pioceed to the considera-
tion of Executive business?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of opinion
that it is. Gentlemen have a right to show rea-
sons why the Senate should not proceed to the
consideration of Executive business.
Mr. WALKER. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania asks what has become of his bill to give to
each of the old soldiers one hundred and sixty
acres of land: I do not think anybody will com-
plain of his lack of assiduity m puisuing that
matter. He has been pressing at the het Is of every
land bill which has been before Congress foi some
tune, and he has met with but very little sympathy
from anybody else, i can inform him, however,
that I have got that bill m my special charge, and
I am taking particular care of it;and in order that
his " old soldiers" may not get the advantage of
anybody else, we propose to pass the homestead
bill, and give one hundred and sixty acres of land,
not only to each of them, but to eveiybody else,
and that too in addition to what they have already
had. Some of them have received land for five
minutes' service; others for ten minutes', for an
hour's, and for one day's service,and we propose
to give to each of them, and to their widows, and
their sons, arid their daughters, by the homestead
bill, one hundred and sixty acres of iand. Unless
the Senator is particular as to the manner in which
they shall get their one hundred and sixty acres,
he need not press Ins " old soldier" bill vet y stren-
uously, but lei him vote for the homestead bill,
and when that passes, they will get one hundred
and sixty acres, in addition to what they have got
under biiis previously passed. 1 can inform him,
i however, that he shall have a report on his bill
before a great while, but i cannot say that it will
be favorable.
Mr. GW1N. I shall not, interpose any objec-
tion or obstacle to the consideration of Executive
business, but as notices have hem served here in
regaid to bills which should hove pieoedence, I
give notice to the Senate and to the countiy that
there is another measure, infinitely more important
than all of the bills which have been spoken of 
which I intend ro urge upon the Senate at an early
day, in preference to all others. I lefer to the bill
which was made the special order for this day,
providing for the construction of a railroad to con-
nect the waters of the Mississippi with the Pacific
ocean. 1 am in favor of the homestead hill; I in-
tend to vote for it precisely as it came from the
House of Representatives, without dotting an i or
crossing a t; but I am determined to urge the Pa-
cific railroad bill as a question of more importance,
and I hope those who are in favor of both meas-
ures will not come into collision. We are in tins
condition in regard to the measure which I pro-
pose to press forward at un early day. It has not
been discussed yet m either House of Congress at
this session. The homestead bill has been fully-
discussed, and has been passed by the House, and
we can take it up at any time. It is completely
within our control. The Pacific railroad bill is
not. That is a subject which, if not broughtup at
an early day, will, I fear, be overslaughed entirely.
I shall feel it to be my duty at an eaily day, cer-
tainly not beyond this day week, to a-k the Sen-
ate to take up and dispose of that bill, no matter
what may be in the way.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope that some day will
be agreed upon, on which we may consider the
homestead bill, and I hope it will be an early day,
so as not to conflict with the favorite measure of
my friend from California, the Pacific railroad
bill. 1 do not know why we cannot make the
homestead bill the special order for to-morrow.
Mr. WALKER. It is now the special order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I hope we may pro-
ceed with it. It is a very important measure. It
has passed the House of Representatives twice,
but we have never yet had a vote upon it in this
body. I think it is a measure of such trancend-
ent importance, that we ought to give it a prefer-
ence, and proceed to its considerati--n. I do not
wish to mterfeie with other business, but 1 hope
that bill may not be postponed.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. Piesident, I wish to state
two reasons why I think it would be belter to de-
fer the consideration of the homestead bill, and
they are reasons which I think appeal to the friends
of the measure. I did not profess to be one of its
frie'nds, and if I am called upon to vote on it,
without instructions, I shall certainly vote against
it. But I observe, by the captions of the acts of
the Legislature of Alabama, which have been sent
to me, that numerous resolutions and memorials,
in respect to the public lands, have been adopted
by that body. My colleague and myself have not
received anumber,corresponding to thoseadopted,
according to the captions. One of them may re-
late to the homestead bill, as nearly half the lands
within the limits of my S'ate are still public and
unappropriated. Hence, I say, a reason personal
to myself prompts me to ask that this measure
may be deferred; but there is another reason which
I think appeals especially to all the friends of the
measure.
I suppose the friends of the measure wish to do
the greatest good to thegreatest number. Now, I
observe, by extracts from the foreign papers, that
a large emigration to this country, from different
countries of Europe, will take place during this
spring. The homestead bill, as it came from the
House, provides by its terms only for those who
are residents of theUmted States at the time of its
passage. Hence, I would say to my friend from
Iowa, the longer he defers this measure the more
homes will be provided for the homeless, and the
more land for the landless. Then, I trust, I do
not appeal to his philanthropy in vain, when I ask
him to wait, and to defer the measure until the last
day of the session, in order that you may provide
for all the German and other immigrants who will
crowd upon our shores during tile spring and the
early part of the summer, and give all a home; but
if you pass the bill now all those who come lure-
after will be excluded, or they may be tempted to
a crime which I fear this bill may induce very
commonly, that of peijury; but if you will put it
off till near the close ol the session they may not
be tempted to violate our laws by committing per-
jury, and they will, at the some time, be biought
witlun the geneious and wholesome provisions of
the bill.
I trust, therefore, the Senator will pgree that
this bill shall give place to that of the honorable
Senator from California. I ask it for my own
sake; because I say that, without ypecial instruc-
