28*20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August.
Princeton, Le Clair, and Pleasant Valley, to Da-
venport.
From Dubuque, by Independence, through the
counties of Black Hawk, Grundy, Hardin, Ris
ley, to Port Dodge, Yell county.
From Dubuque, by Centretown, Whitewater,
and Roekville, to Delhi.
From Dubuque, by Channingsville, "New Vine,
Oakland, Viola, Tivoli Colony, Newstead, Elka-
dor, Highland, illyria, WestUnion, Douglas, and
Old Mission, to Fort Atkinson.
From Dubuque, by "West CJnion, Auburn, and
Old Mission, to Decorrah.
From Dubuque, by Sullivan, Lamotte, Andrew,
Bridgeport, Maquoketa, Brookfield, Welton, De-
witt, Walnut Fotk, D<ivenport, Rockingham,
Blue Grass, and Melpine, to Muscatine.
From Dubuque, by the Catholic Church at
GarryQwen,Canton, Cobb,Tipton, Rock Creek,
and Moscow, to Muscatine.
From Dubuque, by Buncombe, Otter Creek,
Farmer's Creek, and Fulton, to Maquoketa,
From Dubuque, by New Wine, Strawberry
Point, Robertson's Ford, and West Union, to
Decorrah.
From Dubuque, by Durango, Pin Oak, Mill-
ville,and Guttenburg, to Garnavillo.
From Eddyville, by Des Moines City, Gray's
Creek, and Halfway Prairie, to Albia.
From Eddyville, by Hamilton, Red Cedar
Mills, and Attica, to Knoxville.
From Eddyville, by BlufFCreek, Irish Point,
Berry, Columbus, Learning's Point, Ridgeway,
and Beaver, to Fort Des Moines.
From Fairfield, by Libertyville, Iowavilie,
New Market, Salt Creek, Florist, and Ohequist,
to Bloomfield.
From Fail field, by Batavia, Agency City, Ot-
tumwa, Blakesbury, Albia, and La Grange, to
Chariton.
From Fairfield, by Haugh's Point, Brookville,
Competine, Abingdon, Butler, and Fremont, to
Oskaloosa.
From Fairfield to Lancaster.
From Fuirview, by Springville, Marion, Cedar
Rapids, and Hoosier's Grove, to Solon.
From Fairview, by Ridge and Jordan's Grove,
to Paris.
From Farmington, by Union Corners, Milton,
(south side of Fox river,) and Pulaski, to Bloom-
field .
From Fort des Moines, by Boone, Adell, Mc-
Kay, Allen, and Hamlin's Grove, to Macedonia.
From Fort des Moines, by Summerset, to Indi-
anola.
From Fort des Moines, by Saylorsville, Polk
City, Ilopkin's Giove, Rapids, Bellepoint,
Boonsboro', and Dakota, to Homer.
From Fort Des Moines, by Story C. H., to
Eldoia, the county seat of Hardin.
From Fort Des Moines, by Marietta, Cedar
Falls, Mentral, and Old Mission, to Prairie du
Chien, Wisconsin.
From Fort Des Moines, by Greenbush and
Montpeher, to Winterset.
From Fort Des Moines to Marietta, via Ne-
vada.
From Fort Atkinson, by Decorrah, to Lansing.
From Fort Madison, by West Point, Grove,
Vega, Glasgow, Wooster, and Harmony, to
Fairfield.
From Fort Madison, by West Point, Big
Wound, and Utica, to Keosauqua.
From Fort Madison, by Denmark, Parrish,
New London, Pleasant Grove, Dodgeville, Yel-
low Springs, and Kossuth, to Hickory Point, in
Des Moines county.
Fiom Fort Madison, by Franklin and Prim-
rose, to Farmington.
From Fort Madison, by Appanoose, Illinois,
Pontoosoc, and Dallas City, to La Harpe.
From Glenwood, Mills county, by Nebraska
Depot, to Nebraska Centre.
From GurnaviPo, by Farmersburg and Mc-
Gregor's Landing, to Prairie du Chien, "Wiscon-
sin.
From Garnavillo, by Farmersburg and Mo-
nona, to Hardin.
From Garden Grove, by Decatur C. H. and
New Bada, to Lott's Grove.
From Gardiner Grove, by South Independence
and county seats of Ringgold and Taylor coun-
ties, Nodaway, Clorinda, and Sidney, to Gaston.
From Hardin, by Lybrund, Frankville, Trout
River, Decorrah, and Burr-Oak, to Saint Paul,
Minnesota.
From Independence, by Mentral and Bradford,
to Old Mission.
From Independence, by Elk Run and Water-
loo, to Cedar Falls.
From Independence, by Cedar Falls, and
through the counties of Black Hawk, Grundy,
Hardin, and Risley, to Fort Dodge, m Yell
county.
From Indianola, by Handsome View, Oceola,
White Breast, Garden Grove, South Independ-
ence, Decatur, New Buda, Nine Eagles, and
Burr-Oak, Missouri, to Princeton, Missouri.
From fowa City, by Solon, Ivanhoe, Mount
Vernon, Fairview, Anamosa, Monucello, Bow-
en's Prairie, Cascade, Fillmore, and Milleroy, to
Dubuque.
From Iowa City, by Old Man's Creek, Mil-
lersburg, Deep River, Montezuma, Newton, and
Parkersburg, to Fort des Moines.
From Iowa City, by Capi, Homestead, Ma-
rengo, Downard, and Bear Creek, to Montezuma.
From Iowa City, by Frank Pierce, Wasson-
ville, South English, and Sigourney, to Lancas-
ter.
From Iowa City, by Richmond, Washington,
Brighton, and Wainut, to Fairfield.
From Iowa City, by West Liberty and Over-
man's Ferry, to Muscatine.
From Kane, by Pidgeon Mills, Boyer River,
Sargeant's Bluffs, Harrison, Monona, and Wak-
haw C. H., to Big Sioux River.
From Kane to Sargeant's Bluffs.
From Keokuk, by Summitville, Charleston,
Utica, Winchester, Birmingham, Libertyville,
Cotton Grove, Ashland, Agency City, and Dali-
lonega, to Oskaloosa.
From Keokuk, by Camargo, String Prairie,
Croton, Warren, Farmington, Bonaparte, Ben-
tonsporf, Vernon, Keosauqua, Pittsburg, Leb-
anon, Oak Point, Troy, Stnngtown, and Taylor,
to Bloomfield.
From Keokuk, by Summitville, Montrose, Fort
Madison, and Augusta, to Burlington.
From Keosauqua, by Pittsburg, Rising Sun,
Philadelphia, Lick Creek, Business Corner, and
Iowavilie, to Ashland.
From Keosauqua, by Home, Missouri, Upton,
Iowa, and Wyaconda, to Memphis, Missouri.
From Keosauqua,by Winchester and Birming-
ham, to Fairfield.
From Knoxville, by Pleasantville, Wheeling,
Three Rivers, and Carlisle, to Fort des Moines.
From Knoxville, by Parkersville, Lagrange,
and South Pork, to Centreville.
From Knoxville, by Chariton, Argo, and
Glenn's, to Garden Grove.
From Knoxville, by Attica and La Grange, to
South Fork.
From Lansing, by Indian Mission, to Fort
Atkinson.
From Lansing, by Wawkon, Lycurgus, De-
corrah, and Fort Atkinson, to Walnut Creek.
From Lansing to Lycurgus.
From Lancaster, by Springfield, Indianapolis,
Union Mills, and Montezuma, to Big Woods.
From Lancaster, by Springfield, Indianapolis,
and Union Mills, to Montezuma.
From Lewis, by Q,uincy, to Clarinda.
From Linton, by Morning Sun, Virginia Grove,
Hope Farm, Columbus City, Port Allen, and
Seventy-Seven, to Iowa City.
From Louisville to Fort Dodge.
From Marengo to Marietta.
From Maiengo, by Toledo, to Eldora.
From Mai engo, by Prairie Creek, Koszta, To-
ledo, Legland, and Timber Creek, to Marietta.
From Macedonia, by Montgomery and Noda-
way C. H , to Marysville, Missouri.
From Macedonia, by Bethlehem, to Glenwood.
From Marion, by La Fayette and Centre Point,
to Quasqueton.
From Marietta to Eldora.
From McKay, in Dallas county, by Penora
and the County Seats of Guthrie, Audubon,
Shelby, and Harrison counties, to Sargeant's
Bluff.
From Minnesota City to Traverse des Sioux.
From Monona, by Bunker Hill, Paint Rock,
and Columbus, to Lansing;.
From Monona, by Waukon, to Rossville.
From Monona, by Smithfield and Crossville,
to Lansing,
From Montrose, by Ambrosia, and Spring
Prairie, to St. Francisville, Missouri.
From Mount Pleasant, by Trenton and Ger-
manville, to Brighton.
From Moneek, by Smith's Mill, Rossville, Paint
Rock, and McGregor's Landing, to Prairie da
Chien, Wisconsin.
From Muscatine, by Strawberry Hill, Colum-
bus City, Pottsville, Arnboy, Washington, Dutch
Creek Valley, Lancaster, Sigourney, Springfield,
Hopewell, and Rose Hill, to Oskaloosa.
From Muscatine, by Pike, Seventy-Seven, Yat-
ton,Richmond, and North English,toMillersburg.
From Muscatine, by Fairport, West Buffalo,
and Rockingham, to Davenport.
From McGregor's Landing, by Elgin and West
Union, to Bradford.
From McGregor's Landing, by Monona, Har-
din, Postville, Winnesheik, Moneek, and Ossian,
to Old Mission.
From McGregor's Landing to Bunker Hill.
From McGiegor's Landing, by Monona and
Clermont, to West Union.
From New Boston, Illinois, via Wapello,
Washington, Lancaster, Oskaloosa, Knoxville,
Indianola, Winterset, to Council Bluffs, Iowa.
From New London, by Wayne, Crawfords-
ville, Amboy, Davis's Creek, Yatton, and Sev-
enty-Eight, to Iowa City.
From Newton, by Pella, Amsterdam, Knox-
ville, and Chariton, to Garden Grove.
From Newton, by Timber Creek, to Marietta.
From Nodaway, by Montgomery, to Mace-
donia.
From Nodaway, by Centre, to Maryville,
Missouri.
From Osceola, by Prairie Grove, to Peru.
From Oskaloosa, by Scott, Bellefontaine, Eng-
lish Settlement, Knoxville, Indianola, Winterset,
Wahtaliwa, Cold Spring, and Macedonia, to
Council Bluffs.
From Oskaloosa, by Pella, Monroe, Red Rock,
Bennington, Con., Apple Grove,and Rising Sun,
to Fort Des Moines.
From Oskaloosa, by Warrenville, Granville,
and Lynnville, to Newton.
From Ottumwa C. H. to Albia.
From Oskaloosa to Auburn.
From Oak Point, by Home, Union Corners,
Chambersburg, Missouri, Waterloo, and St.
Francisville, to Alexandria.
From Pisgah, by Q,uincy and Montgomery, to
Glenwood.
From Pisgah, by Adair, to Cold Spring.
From Pisgah, by Winterset, to Adell.
From Pisgah, by Johnson's, to Macedonia.
From duasqueton, by Burke, to Vinton.
From Gluasqueton, by Buckingham, Legrand,
TimberCreek, Minerva,and Parkersburg, to Fort
Des Moines.
From Red Rock, by Paran City and Pleasant-
ville, to Indianola.
From Sabula, by Sterling, Maquoketo, and
Thomas Green's, m Jones county, to Anamosa.
From Sabula to Savannah, Illinois.
From Salem to Columbus City.
From Stillwater, via White Bear Lake, to Lit-
tle Canada.
From Salem, by Mount Pleasant and Stock-
ley's, to Hope Farm.
From Sigourney, by Indianapolis, to Monte-
zuma.
From Tipton, by Walnut Fork, Highland
Grove, Anamosa, Grove Creek, Uniontown, Cas-
tle Grove, Delhi, Littleport, Orrin Glen, Lodo-
millo, and Ead's Grove, to Garnavillo.
From Tipton, by Spring Rock, Dixon, Buena
Vista, Orange, De Witt, Cherry Wood, arid
Lyon's, to Fulton, Illinois.
From Tipton, by Red Oak, Pioneer, Lisbon,
Mount Vernon, St. Mary's, and St. Julian's, to
Marion.
From Washington, by Marcellus and Tren-
ton, to Mount Pleasant.
From Washington, by Valley, to Lancaster.
Front Wapello, by Hope Farm, Spring Run,
and Crawfordsville, to Washington.
From Wapello, by Toolesboro', to New Bos-
ton, Illinois
From Wmterset, by Adell, to Boonesboro'.
From Winterset, in Madison county, via
Gluincy, Adams county, and Sidney, Fremont
county, to Table Creek, (Old Fort Kearney,) in
Nebraska Territory.
