1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1463
The PRESIDENT. That motion is not now
in order. The resolution cannot be introduced
except by unanimous consent. After it ha.s been
introduced and read twice, that motion can be
made.
Mr. BAYARD. I object to its consideration,
unless for the purpose of reference.
Mr. PRATT. I ask for the reference of the
resolution, if one objection be sufficient to prevent
the consideration.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the joint resolution will have its second reading.
Mr. BAYARD. I object, unless the second
reading; is for the purpose of reference.
Mr. PRATT. That is the object,
Mr. BAYARD. Then 1 withdraw my objec-
tion.
The joint resolution was read a second time, and,
On motion by Mr. PRATT, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that they had passed a bill to aid the
Territory of Minnesota in the construction of a
railroad therein.
INDIGENT INSANE BILL VETO.
Mr. STUART. 1 move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special order—the
bill making a grant of land to the several States of
the Union for the benefit of indigent insane per-
sons, which has been returned by the President
of the United States, with his objections. I think
%ve can dispose of that question to-day.
The motion was agieed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to reconsider the bill.
Mr. TOUCEY delivered his views in opposi-
tion to the bill, and in defense of the President's
veto message.
Mr. BELL followed in support of the bill and
in opposition to the veto.
[These speeches will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will give way,
5 desire to move for an Executive session. With
his permission, I will move that the further con-
sideration of the subject be postponed until to-
morrow
Mr. BELL. I intended to conclude my re-
marks to-day, but if the Senator desires it, I will
yield.
The further consideration of the subject was
postponed until to-moirow.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jane 21, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. HOUSTON. I beg leave to report back to
the House the amendments of the feenate to the
Indian appropriation bill, that they may be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
BOOKS FOR MEMBERS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication from the Cleik of theHouse
of Representatives;
Clfrk's Orricr, June ->i, IP.jl.
Sir : The action of the Finite ol linpre-cntuiivcs y.^tcr-
dav, reported fioin Library Cnmrniftre, e\plan<Jt'>rv of the
joint resolution voting books, appiovtul 21th surv,
nbiiyatmv upon the Clerk to ooti-tmo tin;
lauer^o at- to fuiru^h to tlif new member* of the pios-cnt
IIou-p, m addition to ihu books (Miniated foi m my com-
munication of' the 1 Uh UHTiinr, the  nme nunii-'-r and de-
scription of hooks were voted to the members of thrt
Senate in the la^t Congre^, ami not heretofore voted to the_
members of the Home. These hook*, and the ntimbeis ul
them voted jn she rtenafe, are a--follow* : 511 < k t > "Con-
stitution. iino hundred and -ivtv one copies; M.no
Mouiton's Pen-ion and Bounty Land Law?-, dime copies;
Mayu'd Treasmy Regulations," two copies.
The hist proviso to thf* resolution of ih<- limine of the^Oih
instant, votes these books in the <atne mimbets to the old
member-, a* well a* to tlie new members of the linti-ii.
Then; will, iherelore, be needed for tlie purchase of
books, in addition to the estimates transmitted totheflou&e
on the 14th mutant, ,-$15,171.
The detail*, ot the above amount are as follows:
Foi Mickey's Constitution.
•239 members and delegates,
1G1 copu-s to each.
38,479 copies at £1 per copy $36,479
For Mayo &, Moulion's Pension and Bounty Laud
Laws.
members and delegates.
8 copies to euch.
1,912 copies at ,^3 50  6,692
$45,171
I therefore beg leave to recall my estimate for books
transmitted on the 14th instant, and to substitute the fol-
lowing:
For books to the member* of the Hnu«e of the Thirty-
Third Confess, by the joint resolution, approved on the
2Uh of Fe'uuary, and bv the resolution of the Hou c
of 20th June, 18,31, <jlOU,SIO 87.
There will also be needed to comply with the resolution
of the riou^eof the 28th of September, 18.>0, the following;:
For Congressional Globe and Appendix. <>f the Thnty-
Tlnrd Congress, for tho Iiou«e binary, one bandied sets,
at nine dollars per set for the Congress, .^900; and for
binding the same, (500 volumes, at sixty cent* per volume,
$360. llc&pieifnlly,
J. W. FORNEY, Clakllo.Rep. V. S.
Hon. Linn Boyd, Speaker House of Representatives.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, the
communication was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
PER DIEM AND MILEAGE TO MR. S-NODGIiASS.
Mr. LETCHER, i ask the consent of the
House to offer the following resolution:
RaolccJ, That the Speaker be authonzed to direct the
payment to the widow ol the Hon. John F. Snodgiass,
deceased, late a member of this House itom the rotate of
Virginia, the pei dieni and mileage due to Inui <il the tunc
of his death.
The resolution was received by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I desire to
present a resolution of thfi same character infla-
tion to my predecessor, the Hon. Zeno Scudder.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Raolocd, That the Clei k of the House hp directed to pay
out of the contingent fund to the lion. Zeuo tfendder hi*
per diem and mileage as a member of the Tluity-Tliird
Oongiess, to the day of his le&igiiation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Why, the gentle-
man [Mr. Scudder] never performed the travel,
and 1 suppose is not entitled to mileage.
Mr. WHEELER. Henever was able to come
here. ,
Mr. JONES. I believe it is the custom of this
body  
Mr. PRATT, (interrupting) I was about to
inquire of the gentleman fiom Massachusetts
whether Mr. Scudder ever took his seat m tins
House? if not, I doubt whether he is entitled to
mileage; not that i have any doubt of his being
entitled to receive compensation for his time.
Mr. JONES. It is the custom, I believe, and
perhaps the law, that a member who has been
detained from his seat in consequence of sickness,
shall receive his per diem allowance That, T
think, is the law. I>ut it certainly is not the law,
nor the practice of the House, to pay mileage
when a member elect never comes here, never
makes his appearance in the House, and never
performs the travel. This will be a new preced-
ent, if the resolution be agreed to, and it will be
' one which 1 think ought not to be set.
1 Mr. LETCH F.R. I hope that the gentleman
: from Massachusetts will not encumber my reso-
; Jutioii with his, which is leading to debote. It
is a distinct matter altogether, and I hope the
! House will proceed to take a vote upon my reso-
! lution.
i Mr. CAMPBELL. There may bea separate
' vote taken by division, I suppose.
[ The SPEAKER,. Then the vote will be first
■ taken on the amendment.
1 Mr. ELIOT. I shall he glad to have an op-
! portunity to reply to the inquiry proposed by the
! gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Prvtt.] _
j Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, (mtetruptmg.)
i Will the gentleman from Massachusetts allow me
I to ask him a question for information r
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly. . t
i Mr. STEPHENS. The_ inquiry I wisn to
make is this: "Whether Mr. Scwiiler was not cU,-
; tamed from Ins seat by an injuiy received in
coming here'
,! Mr. ELIOT. Yes, sir, he was.
Mr. STEPHENS. I understand that Mr. t
Scudder was coming to take his seat here, but
was prevented by injury received on the way.
He was thus detained at home for some time, and
finally concluded to resign his seat in Congress.
I trust, therefore, that the House will pass the res-
olution submitted by the_ gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. Whether it will or not encumber the
resolution offered by the gentleman from Virginia,
is another question.
[Cries of " Question !" " Question!"]
Mr. ELIOT. 1 wish to say to the Chair that
[ did not offer my resolution as an amendment to
that of the gentleman from Virginia, butas an in-
dependent pesolution.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution of the
gentleman from Massachusetts is not in order at
this time; and is not before the body.
Mr. ELIOT. I withdraw my resolution
with pleasure, until that offered by the gentleman
from Virginia is acted upon.
The SPEAKER. The Chair first understood
that the resolution of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts was proposed as an amendment to that of
the gentleman from Virginia. That is the only
form in which it can he considered at this time.
I The question, then, is on the resolution offered by
J the gentleman fiom Vuginia.
i The question was put; and the resolution was
I agreed to.
' Mr. ELIOT. I now ask leave to offer my res-
( olution.
! The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
j [Mr. Fuller] was on the floor, and yielded it
through courtesy to the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Lei-cheu.] The gentleman from Maine is
still entitled to the flour.
Mr. PULLER. 1 yield the floor to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts.
PER DIEM AND MILEAGE TO MR. SCUDDER.
Mr. ELIOT. I now ask leave to offer the res-
olution which has been read a lew moments since
from the Clerk's table.
Mr. LETCHER, (suggesting.) Strike out the
words " contingent fund."
Mr. ELIOT. I have no objection to adopt
the suggestion made to me by the gentleman frotn
Vuginia, who is better acquainted than myself
with the form in which the resolution should be
proposed.
The SPEAKER. In what form is the modifi-
cation proposed ?
Mr. ELIOT. It is to make my resolution the
same as the other; that is, to strike out the
wolds " contingent fund.1'
The SPEAKER. The resolution, as amended,
will read us follows:
licsoUal, 'flint Ihoiu be pnld to tlie linn. Zeno Scudder
liisiK'i ilium .Hid imlu.iRO as member of the Tliirty-Tluril
Coii;;ret.e, lo the ilay ot Ins resignation.
Mr. I-IILLYER. I desire to make an inqui-
ry of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Eliot. 1 , ,
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Georgia allow the Chair to interrupt him for a
moment? The Chair would inquire out of what
fund he is to order this money to be paid ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Out of the
fund appropriated to pay the mileage and per diem
of the members of this Congiess.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In the same way
as the present members are paid. _
Mr STEPHENS. The fund is already ap.
propriated; and if Mr. Scudder had come here, he
would have drawn his pay from that fund. It
should be paid m the same manner as if he hud
been here.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubted, at the
moment, whether the fund could be drawn ftom
in that way. , . , .
I Mr. STEPHENS. I do not think there is any
doubt about it. .
iVlr H1LLYER. I did not hear, and . am
sure that many others on this side of the House
did not hear, the response made by the gentle-
man from .Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] to the in-
quiry of my colleague, asto the reasons why Mr.
Siv.uder never appeared net e to take his seat ? Aly
colleague inquired >f Mr. Scudder vv-un nurt, or
W#« taken sick upon the load. 1 he--.ru no response
; to that interrogatory, and I think it is linport-
i ^Mr. ELIOT. I will reply to the retnaiks of
