754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
here? Are we going to reverse the rule, and say
now that any gentleman may clear the galleries at j
his will and pleasure, and have us go into secret
session without taking the sense of the Senate?
By this course we should place ourselves in a very
singular situation. It is the first time that any such
attempt has been made, in eight sessions of the
Senate that I have been here, to apply such a rule.
Mr. MASON. I do not mean to vary the usages
of the Senate, but to avail cnyself of the rules of
the Senate to get at the discussion of important
public business, which requires that the doors
shall be closed.
Mr. BADGER. What is the question ?
Mr. MASON. I move to shut the doors of the
Senate, and I understand by the rules, that when
that motion is made, and when in the opinion of
the member making it the discussion of the busi-
ness to be brought before the Senate should be in
secret, the President of the Senate is to direct the
galleries to be cleared.
Mr. PETTIT. But we shall not then be in
'Executive session.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the Senator be good
enough to specify the subject on which he bases
that motion ?
Mr. MASON. 1^ will communicate it to the
Senator with great pleasure, but to him only in
secrecy.
Mr. SHIELDS. But I want it communicated
to the Senate. I understand that the rule which
has been read, is 
Mr. RUSK, f call the Senator to order.
'• Mr. SHIELDS. £ am in order; I am arguing
a point of order.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of opinion
that as soon as a motion is made to shut the doors
it is the duty of the Chair to direct the gallery to
be cleared.
Mr. SHIELDS. I appeal from the decision of
the Chaii, and then I can state my reasons for the
appeal.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope all these technicalities
will be put aside, and tiiat we shall go into Execu-
tive session. We have not much time to-day to
L>e detained with the homestead bill, and I trust
we shall not take it up at this hour of the day. It
seems to be a popular measure, and no doubt will
have abundant oppoitunity for consideration. I
do not think there will beany difficulty about that.
I agree, sir, with the Senator from Delaware, that
in discussing the relative merits of the subjects
which call for the consideration of the Senate, the
merits of the one which can be considered in open
session may be discussed here, while the merits
of the one which should be considered iti secret
session cannot be discussed. Sir, in all Govern-
ments there is a class of subjects, particularly those
appertaining to foreign relations, tieufies, war, and
ail matters of that kind, which require dispatch;
and whenever the Executive sends a communica-
tion to the Senate, requiring the Senate to delib-
erate upon such subjects, they have always, ac-
cording to usage been considered as privileged
questions. J hope, therefore, that we may go into
Executive session. I feel no great interest in all
these questions, but it does seem to me to be a
usage, and a constitutional usage, and I think it
is a safe usage, for this body to consider thone
matteis which require dispatch, and ought to be
disposed of at once.
Mr. Sit J ELDS. I will state what I understand
to be the meaning and purport of the rule winch
has been read. When a subject arises accident-
ally before the Senate, which some circumstance,
growing out of our relations abiomi or at home,'
may require to be considered in secret session,
then a Senator can take the course guested in
the rule, But, sir, this is a case where 'a motion
is made to go into Executive session. Now that
motion must be considered in open session. i t must
be voted upon tn open session. It can neither be
considered nor voted upon i"n secret session.
Mr. ISRODHEAD. I rise to a question of or-
der. I wish to inquire whether debate is in order
upon an appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Ihe PRESIDENT. The chair is of opinion
that it is.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have stated that, in my
humble opinion, from hearing the mle lead, the
meaning and intention is that the suhjict must be
one which ought to be considered in secret session,
or which a Senator may think ought to beeonsid- !
eredin secret session. But if the subject evidently !
is one that must necessarily be considered in open
session, then I hold that the doors cannot be
closed; an-d why? There is a motion made to go
into Executive session. We must vote upon it.
Are we to vote upon it in secret session or m open
session ? Certainly in open session. Well, sir,
every man who gives a vote in open session ought
to be enabled to give reasons for that vote in open
session. It will not do to give one set of reasons
in secret session and then come out and vote, and
not be able to give any reasons for that vote in
open session. The thing would be absurd in itself.
If the motion of the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia prevails we should have to go into secret ses-
sion—not Executive session—but to close the
doors.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will allow me, I
will say, that I really do not wish to prolong the
debate. 1 submit to him that this is the construc-
iion of the rule: The rule says a member may,
upon his responsibility, move to shutthedoors of
the Senate, and when he has maue the motion
the President of the Senate is by the rule directed
to order the galleries to be cleared. When that is
done the Senate is in secret session, and it may
determine whether the member was right, or
whether the business for which he proposed that
the galleries should be cleared was of a character
to take precedence of other business.
Mr. SHIELDS. If that is the proper con-
struction of the rule, the President of the Senate has
no discretion whatever in the matter; but upon
any Senator i ising here in his place, upon any
subject, pending any motion, any question, or
any resolution, he can compel the galleries to be
cleared and the doors to be shut. Is that the con-
struction to be put upon this rule?
Mr. BUTLER. Let us go into Executive
session. That is the best way of disposing of
the matter.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 am willing to do so, butnot
in this way. Itis a very important question, per-
mit me to say; and, in my opinion, if the rule be
construed as gentlemen wish to construe it now,
any one Senator can rise, on any occasion, and
compel the galleries to be cleared, and the doors to
be shut.
Mr. MASON. Undoubtedly; that is the pur-
pose of the rule.
Mr. BUTLER. Suppose I were to say a war
was pending, could I not ask, on my responsibil-
ity, that the doors be shut?
Mr. CLAYTON. I will suggest to the Sena-
tor from Illinois that one member can get up here
and speak for seven weeks, if he chooses.
Mr. SHIELDS. All 1 have to say is, that it
is a singular abuse of a rule which was intended
for a salutary and wise purpose; and I think tnv
honorable friend from Virginia had better not re-
sort to it on this occasion. I am willing to go into
Executive session, but I wish to have the rules
properly construed.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the ap-
peal taken from the decision of the Chair by the
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to say, in a very few
words, what is my opinion in relation to the de-
cision of the Chair, tt seems to me that if Sena-
tors will look at the rule, and look at the action of
ihe Senate, and at the subject-matter now pending
before theSenate, there can be no trouble in apply-
ing the rule, or understanding the decision of the
Chair. It seems to me that, taking the rule and
the state of things now existing m the Senate,
there can be no reasonable doubt that the Chains
right. Now, let us see what the existing state of
things is.
The Senator from Virginia moves that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness. That is the pending motion. The Senator
from Iowa suggested, as a reason why the Senate
should not proceed to the consideration of Exec-
utive business, that there is a land bill, known as
the homestead bill, which should be considered.
The Senator from California suggested that there
is a bill known as the Pacific railroad bill; and the
Senator from Pennsylvania suggests that thei
another bill. Ail these subjects are of a legii
tive character. Now, to discuss the question j an
to determine with piopriety whether we shall
main in legislative session and act upon these
measures, or whether we shall go into Executive 1
session, no matter for what purpose, (it is an Ex- j
ecutive purpose,) to discuss these questions fairly 1
and fully, this rule applies, and it is for that pre-
cise purpose that it is made, not that we go into
Executive session, but if a motion is made to
close the doors, then the President orders the gal-
leries to be cleared, and we discuss freely, without
any restraint, the question, whether we shall pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business,
or whether we shall proceed with legislative busi-
ness? Then, when you have thus applied this
rule, you have the question so presented to you
that you can discuss the propriety of one course
as well as the propriety of the other; while in a
legislative session we can only discuss the propri-
ety of Legislative, and not of Executive business.
This is my view of the rule.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President,! think the at-
tempt of my friend from Maine upon this subject
"has not been successful in showing that the Sen-
ator from Illinois is not right. An attention to two
rules of the Senate will, I think, remove all diffi-
culty upon this subject. By the 41st rule of the
Senate, it is provided:
Sk When acting on confidential, or "executive business, the
Senate shall be cleared ol' all person**, except the Secre-
tary, the puncipaJ or the Executive clerk, the Sergeant-at-
Arxns, and Door keeper, and the A^^tam Door keeper."
The Senate has a rule, therefore, a general .stand-
ing rule, that when it proceeds to the consideration
of Executive business strangers shall be excluded.
Now, a gentleman rises and moves that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness. That is the question before the Senate.
Mr. MASON. Not now.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. The present question is, in the
terms of the 18th rule, " to shut the doors of the
Senate."
Mr. BADGER. Very well; I will take it in
that way. Then there is no question before the
Senate; there is no subject before the Senate. The
! Senator rises in ins place, and says that he moves
' to shut the doors of the Senate. Very well; now
1 let us see if that helps the state of this case. The
| 38th rule, on which this motion is founded, is
I this: " On a motion made and seconded to shut
j the doors of the Senate on the discussion of any
! business." Now, if we have no question before
| us, if we have no " business" before us, what is
j the subject-matter which is now before the Senate
j on which the Senator makes his motion to shut
j the doors? Why, sir, see how curious it is. The
i rule says: " On a motion made and seconded to
; shut the doors of the Senate on the discussion of
t any business"—some business. There must be"
I something here in the nature of business. Have
I I a right to come in the moment the President
takes his seat in the morning, and say, " 1 move
to shut the doors of the Senate," and turn every-
body out because, in my opinion, there will be, or
may be, or should be something before the Senate
in the course of the day which requires that there
should be a discussion in secret ? Why, surely
not, sir. The rule is this: That when, on the dis-
cussion of any business in the Senate—not Exec-
utive business, of course, for we could not touch
Executive business except with closed doors 
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will allow me, I
will relieve myself and the Senate of the difficulty
in which we are. My anxiety was to get the
Senate into Executive session, and I made that
motion. It was suggested, by a Senator on the
other side of the Chamber, that, to preclude dis-
cussion, we had better adhere to the rule; but I
am satisfied now that the true motion is to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business. I
withdraw my motion to shut the doors, and move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
Executive business; and under the belief, and un-
der my responsibility, 1 say in my place that that
requires that the gallery should be cleared; and I
now move, as ancillery to that motion, that the
doors be shut.
Mr. BADGER. Very well; that is the same
question.
Mr. SHIELDS. If the Senator from Virginia
withdraws that motion, I withdraw my appeal.
Mr. BADGER. I renew the appeal, because
the Senator from Virginia makes the same de-
mand. to shut the doors. I have no objection,
myself, that the rules of the Senate shall be so
amended as to provide that the question of going
into the consideration of Executive business shall
be decided without debate. I have no disposition
to debate this question, but I have not the least
