1464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
the gentleman from Georgia, by saying to the
House that after Mr. Scudder had left his home,
on his way to Washington,, he stopped at a town
in Barnstable county, where he met with an acci-
dent which has detained him there in a public
house from last December until this moment. He
is still there.
[Cries, " That is enough !" and " duestion !"
" Question!"]
The question wa3 then taken on the resolution;
and it was agreed to.
additional revenue cutters.
Mr. FULLER. I ask the permission of the
House for a moment to permit me to call up bill
No. 242, relating to revenue cutters. I wish to
state to the House—and I invite the particular
attention of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Cobb] to my apology for calling the attention of
the House to this matter now—that, at a very
early day of the session, the Committee on Com-
merce reported a bill—which is the bill in ques-
tion—authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to purchase or contract for four additional revenue
cutters; one for the Charleston station, to supply
the place of the Hamilton, which was unfortu-
nately lost; one for the Texas coast, and two for
the Pacific coast. The committee are in posses-
sion of information which they regard it their
duty to lay before the House, and which shows
that the public interests of the country are suffer-
ing now for the want of these cutters. It will
necessarily take a good deal of time to prepare
them before the commencement of the fall season,
and for these reasons I desire to have the atten-
tion of the House to the bill at this time. The
public service requires it.
Mr. COBB. I should have no objection to it,
if its consideration did not come out of the morn-
ing hour. The committees want to report, and
they have reports in which the public is as much
interested as they are in those revenue cutters.
Mr. FULLER, f wish to say to the gentle-
man, that for three months I have been making
ineffectual efforts to get the bill before the House.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
bill cannot be taken up.
reports from committees.
On motion by Mr. CRAfCrE, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Huii<liii£^ ami
Grounds be discharged horn the fiiMhercoiniideiaUonof the
petition and papers of Charles Wilkes ami others for dam-
ages to certain landa ; and al-o tiom the pennon and papers
ot certain citizens of Indianapolis, in leterence to a court-
house in which to hold tiio United St;\ten eourty, &e. ; and
that the same he referred to theCommmeo on the Judiejary.
Mr. OLDS. I am directed by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, to report back
Senate bill (No. ,'M4) for the relief of James Jef-
fries and Jeremiah M. Smith, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COBB. I will withdiaw my objection to
the proposition of the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. FULLER. I am glad the gentleman from
Alabama has become satisfied of the importance
of this matter.
Mr. COBB. I do not withdraw the objection
for any such reason, but as a matter of courtesy
to the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. OLDS. I object to the gentleman's prop-
osition
Mr. 0. then, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, repoi ted back Senate bill
(No. 365) for the relief of John VV". Kelly; which
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KWJNCt. The bill for the relief of James
Jeffries and Jeremiah M. Smith, which has, on
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, been referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, is one which
was before the House some months ago, and upon
which there is a necessity of immediate actio]].
Mr. OLDS. 1 would suggest to the gentleman
that the course 1 have given to the bill will accom-
plish his object. Next Friday is objection day;
and as it is a plain case, there will be no objection
to it.
Mr. EW1NG. 1 do not agree with the gentle-
man as to this b' ig the best" disposition of the
bill. I move to reconsider the vote by which it
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
i do not propose to call up the motion at this
time, but to have it entered. It will be recollected,
that when the bill was before the House, many of
the members were for its immediate passage. The
question then came up whether it should go to
a Committee of the Whole House, or to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and it
was decided in favor of the bill that it should
not go to a Committee of the Whole. But, sir,
by the direction which has now been given it, it
will be placed in a still worse position than if it
t had then been referred to a Committee of the
: Whole. After having gone through an investi-
1 gation by the Committee on the Post Office and
! Post Roads, and by their direction referred to a
I Committee of the Whole, it will be placed lower
! down on the Calendar, and, therefore, in a worse
{ position than if it had been so referred when it
! was, on a former occasion, before the House.
! Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I rise to a question
j of order. I submit that this debate is not in order.
1 The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
i tucky has the right to submit the motion to recon-
I aider, and have it entered; but not the right to
| take the floor from the gentleman from Ohio to
| speak upon the motion. The Chair desires to
i know whether the gentleman from Ohio gives up
I the floor for that purpose?
| Mr. OLDS. No, sir; I prefer to finish the re-
! ports I have to make. I am instructed by the
I Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads to
j report back Senate resolution (No. 10) for the re-
! hef of Rebecca Birdsall.
i The resolution was referred to a Committee of
; the Whole House, made the order of the day for
! to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
] Mr. OLDS. I am instructed by the Commit-
j tee on the Post Office and Post Roads to offer the
, following resolution:
1 Raohcd, That the Committee on the Post Otlice and
1 Post Roads he allowed a clerk from Die Ctli day ot May
at the usual compensation allowed to clerks ot Com-
mittees.
I wish to state to the House that, from the date
mentioned in the resolution, I have not had an
opportunity to offer the resolution. Upon con-
sultation at the Post Office Department—and I
think it will strike the good sense of the House
in the same way—our committeehave determined
to bring up the existing post routes which are
scattered through the laws from the time of the
establishment of the Post Office Department down
to the present time, and to reenact them all m one
bill, so that when an application for the establish-
ment of a new route is presented, we shall not be
compelled to go over all the laws to find out
whether it has been before established. We pro-
1 pose to have them arranged in alphabetical order,
and a clerk from the Post Office Department is
1 now employed upon that work. Sucn things are
continually occurring. Why, sir, a single route
in the State of Indiana has been at least seven
times enacted.
Well, now, we propose, for the convenience of
! the Post Office Department and that of the Com-
j mittee on the Puat Office and Post Roads,—and it
will be but little trouble,—to have them enacted in
! one bill in alphabetical order for each State. We
should need the clerk even were we not to do this;
but having the clerk, we can do it also.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the gentle-
man's permission, I will make an < inquiry. I
; understand him to say that there is one route
, which has been enacted seven times. Did they
i put a mail on that route for every time a law was
passed ?
|. Mr. OLDS. No,sir; your law requires the Post-
j: master General to advertise every time these routes
' are made; and, as a matter of course, before he
!i put on the service, jt was ascertained that service
;i was already on the route, but there was expense
!| of advertisement every time theroutewas enacted.
I; if there was some such plan as that now pro-
j; posed by the committee, and recommended by the
!> Department, all that trouble and expense would
|j be saved. In addition, I wish to say that if we
! did not propose this new arrangement, still we
<; would have need for the clerk.
!i Mr. COBB. I wish to suggest a modification
j! of the gentleman'^ resolution. I am, and always
have been,opposed to giving these clerks to com-
'! mittees. if it were necessary, I could give the
! House satisfactory reasons for that opposition,
i: Let me only ask why committees of this House
II should have clerks when the condition of business
b is such that these committees are standing here
for months, waiting opportunity to report? While
thus waiting, the clerks can have nothing to do.
The point to which I rose is, to suggest that the
gentleman should fix in his resolution the time at
which the clerk is to be dismissed. I think it
highly improper to allow standing committees of
this House clerks from the beginning to the ter-
mination of Congress. Many of them do not
perform one hour's service during a month. I say
that such a system is wrong. It is growing into
a system, and unless we put a stop to it by the
limitation of time for which clerks shall be allowed,
and let committees discharge their duties and
then their clerks, we shall, in less than five years,
have a clerk for each and every committee of this
House. I was opposed to the system from the
beginning. I believe that it is wrong. In my
judgment, the country is suffering from the wrong.
I am here now, and always, to oppose it.
Mr. OLDS. 1 call the gentleman to order. I
do not permit the gentleman to ask me a question,
and then to answer it himself. Now, as I claim
to be a Yankee by birth, I will answer the ques-
tion of the honorable gentleman of the Committee
on the Public Lands, by asking him when that
committee proposes to discharge its clerk ?
Mr. COBB. I would do it to-day. I am ready
to answer all such questions.
Mr. OLDS. Let me say, Mr. Speaker, that
it is not out of the usual course to ask for a clerk
for the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. In the last three preceding Congresses,
the committee had a clerk. Indeed, sir, I might
have come here at the commencement of this ses-
sion and been justified by precedent in asking for
this clerk; but I have delayed to do so for five
months, because we did not need him. It is only
at this late day when we so need his services,
that we come forward and ask for him; and are
we, because we have not asked for the clerk until
we need his services, to be met with opposition
; from the gentleman of a committee which now
j has a clerk, but which never had one before this
1 session of Congress—a committee which has not
j one fourth the business for a clerk that our com-
j mittee has.
The gentleman asks when is our clerk to be
discharged5 Why, when are clerks for commit-
tees generally discharged ? When our post route
j bill is completed we shall have no further use for
! a clerk, and I am willing then to discharge him.
j Mr. COBB. 1 think that I can settle the diffi-
! culty between us. I believe that the gentleman's
1 committee ought to have a clerk to make up this
! post route bill. It will not require longer than a
i week to do so, and for that time 1 am willing to
j allow a clcrk.
i This alphabetical matter is all humbug, the
j whole of it.
i Mr. OLDS. The gentleman may have some
, spiritual clairvoyance which I have not. His in-
! formation may come to him in that way. I am not
' supposed to have such spiritual manifestations. I
I act from sober reality, and say that this matter is
i no humbug. We need a clerk. If the House
■ give it us, we shall be grateful; and if it does not,
1 I shall employ one at my own expense. I now
1 demand the previous question on the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
j man yield to me for a moment?
Mr. OLDS. The matter has been sufficiently
' discussed, and I think that I had better adhere to
[ the demand for the previous question.
; Mr. JONES. I move that the lesolution be
1 laid upon the table.
j The question was taken upon Mr. Jones's mo-
; tion, and it was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
; the table.
| The question now being upon the demand for
j the previous question,
' Mr. OLDS demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Cox and Greenwood were
appointed.
!; The question was then taken; and the telleis
reported—ayes 75, noes 43; no quorum voting.
; Mr. OLDS. It would be better, perhaps, to
j have a recount, than to have a call of the House.
| Mr. WHEELER. I object to a recount.
! Mr. HOUSTON. I ask that there be a call of
the House?
| A call was not ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ascertain
i whether there is a quorum present.
