1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
idea in the world of ha ving the rules and the whole
practice of the Senate overturned for the purpose
of having an Executive session.
Now, sir, the question under the consideration
of the Senate, which the Senator from Virginia
suggests in his judgment requires that the doors
should be closed, and be discussed in secret, is the
motion to proceed to the consideration of Execu-
tive business. There is then no business before
the Senate. There is a motion that we. shall pro-
ceed to the consideration of some business or
other.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him whether a motion to go into Executive
session is not business pending before the Senate?
Mr. BADGER. No, sir; it has no reference
Co business in the sense of this rule. Beyond all
dispute, the meaning of this rule is, that when
there is before the Senate any question, or sub-
ject, or business, in its nature of a legislative char-
acter, ordinarily to be transacted in open session,
and a Senator makes a motion to shut the doors,
stating as his opinion that that business requires
secrecy, what is to be done ? Why, sir, the Senate
is to go into secret session,not Executive session.
When in that secretsession they are to do—what?
They are to discuss the propriety of that motion;
and the rule says, the doors are to be kept closed
until they have discussed the propriety of the
motion for considering the business in secret
session.
Now, sir, according to the Senator from Vir-
ginia, the motion to proceed to the consideration
of Executive business is business before the Sen-
ate, within the meaning of the rule; and that
question is to be discussed in secret? Very well;
Set us see the operation of this. Then the Senate
proceed to discuss it in secret; and what do they
decide ? What is the business, what is the ques-
tion, when we go into secret session? What is
the result? What have we to discuss then ? The
question, whether we shall proceed to the con-
sideration of Executive business?
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir.
Mr. BADGER. That is the* only question.
Does anybody suppose that the rule was ever in-
tended to apply to any such case? Has anybody
ever attempted to apply it so before? Not at all.
The only occasion on which I recollect this rule
having ever been attempted to be applied was a
Slumber of years ago—1 think, when my friend
from South Carolina suggested that some matter
pending before the Senate ought, in his judgment,
to be discussed in secret session, and he asked
that the galleries might be cleared. The subject
was one in its nature legislative; one in its nature
fit for, and proper to be considered in, open session.
The only meaning of that rule, as 1 apprehend,
is, that when there is a subject before the Senate
ordinarily proper to be discussed in public session,
if a Senator suggests that there is anything confi-
dential or secret which ought not to be known to
the public, the Senate pay so much respect to the
suggestion us to close the doors while discussing
the motion whether thatsuhject shall be considered
and disposed of in secret session.
In my judgment, the two cases are provided for
by two distinct rules, and have no reference to one
another. But if this proceeding is now adopted ]
we shall subvert the whole system on which the j
Senate have heretofore acted, and, as my friend i
from Illinois suggests, we may have half a dozen \
times a day this process gone through upon the |
suggestion of any one member. j
Mr. BUTLER. I hope all these matters will ■
be waived. I think we are taking up a great!
deal of time in the discussion of this subject. j
Mr. BADGER. I do not want to discuss the :
question of going into Executive session, for I j
object to the Senator from Virginia applying this j
rule for that purpose. I do not want to subvert !
the practice of the Senate; I am ready to vote for j
an Executive session. I
Mr. BUTLER. I understand that the Senator j
from North Carolina opposes going into Execu- 1
tive session on the grounds assumed by the Sen- 1
ator from Virginia. j
Mr. BADGER. No, sir; 1 do not. _ If the :
motion of the Senator from Virginia is right, an® |
we shall close the doors, we shall not then be in j
Executive session, but we have theft to debate in |
secret session whether or not we will go into Ex- j
ecutive session. j
Mr. BUTLER. I have the floor, and I wish I
to make a single remark. Suppose my friend from
Virginia, the organ of the Committee oil Foreign
Relations, were to come here from the President's
house, after having communicated with the State
Department in relation to some matters which had
taken place in Cuba in reference to questions
deeply involving the honor and interests, and re-
quiring the prompt action of this Government; and
suppose he were to rise and say that communica-
tions had been made by the President, and were
upon the table, requiring consideration with closed
doors, and he should move, upon his respon-
sibility as a Senator from Virginia, that we go
into Executive session, and that the galleries be
cleared. For what? Certainly he has the right
to have them cleared, for the purpose of consider-
ing the matter. Sir, I may be permitted to say
that questions are before the Senate in reference to
this motion which might be discussed in secret
session. If my friend from Virginia were to come
forward, and say that new developments have
been made, requiring us to take action upon sub-
jects which have been discussed, and were to
move to go into Executive session upon his respon-
sibility, because there are matters which require
the dispatchful action of the Senate, I take it it
would be within the purview of the rule. He has
said so.
Mr. BADGER. No, sir; I think not.
Mr. BUTLER. He has said that upon his
responsibility he believes the public interests re-
quire an Executive session, and in making that
motion he moved that the galleries be cleared. If
my advice be taken, however, all these motions
will be withdrawn, and we will go into Executive
session, without any further debate. I move that
we go into Executive session, and by common con-
sent I think we can withdraw all dispute.
Mr. BADGER. I have no objection to an
Executive session.
Mr. STUART. If the appeal is withdrawn, I
have no disposition to debate -it, but if I am to be
called to vote upon that appeal, I wish to say in a
few words, what is the construction which I give
to the rule. For the purpose of giving my views
brief!}', I will read the rule. It is in these words:
" On a motion made and seconded, to shut the doors of
the Senate, on tlie discussion of any business which may,
in Ilie opinion of a member, require secrecy, the President
shall direct the gallery to be cleared, andduring the discus-
sion of such moiion the doors shall remain shut."
Now, what have we before us? The business
of the Senate, to which this rule applies, is, in
this case, a motion to go into Executive session.
Upon that business, as defined by the rule, the
Senator from Delaware says that, in his opinion,
the motion cannot be properly discussed in open
session, and he moves to shut the doors. Now,
the rule is imperative, that, as soon as that motion
is made, the Presiding Officer shall order the gal-
leries to be cleared. Before it is discussed at all, as
soon as a member rises and says, "On this busi-
ness now before the Senate I move to shut the
doors," there is no discretion left in the Presiding
Officer,but heis to order the galleries to be cleared,
and the doors to be shut; and the rule then says
they shall remain shut while the Senate is discuss-
ing this motion, that is, the motion to shut the
doors. If the Senate, after hearing all that the
Senator from Delaware has to say upon the sub-
ject, decide that it is not necessary to discuss in
secret the motion to proceed to the consideration
of Executive business, then the Presiding Officer
orders the doors to be opened, and the Senate go
on discussing that question in open session.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the Senator permit me
to ask him a question? He says that when any
Senator asks to have the door shut and the galleries
cleared, the doors must be shut and the galleries
cleared. Then, he says, we go into secret session
to discuss whether we will shut the doors or not.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHIELDS. Thus we do shut the doors,
and then go into secret session to discuss whether
they shall be shut or not.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir; and I will show the
Senator that it is the clear and the only con-
struction of the rule. I will read the rule again;
and if Senators will only read it, there can certain-
ly be no two opinions about it. It is, "On a mo-
tion made and seconded to shut the doors of the
Senate on the discussion of any business which
may, in the opinion of a member, require se-
crecy." Now, what is the business? Thebusi-
ness is the pending motion to go into Executive
session. In the opinion of the Senator from-Del-
aware^ that business requires secrecy. He has^a
right under this rule to entertain that opinion.
When, therefore, he says, "I move to shut the
doors," it is the imperative duty of the Presiding
Officer to order the doors to be shut, and the rule
follows this up by saying that the doors shall re-
main closed while you are discussing the motion
to shut the doors, that is, the motion to keep the
doors shut while you discuss the motion to go in-
to Executive session. That is the English of it,
and the only meaning there is about it. Not that
a Senator may rise in his place and say "Shut the
doors." That is not it at all; but, " in my opin-
ion," says the Senator from Delaware, in effect,
"this motion to go into Executive session cannot
be properly discussed in open session, and, there-
fore, I move to shut the doors." The duty of the
Presiding Officer is to order the doors to be shut;
and they are to remain shut while that motion is
under discussion. If the Senate decide against
the motion, then the doors are opened, and we
go oa discussing the motion to go into Executive
session, which is, in this case, the "business"
referred to in the rule, with open doors. On the
contrary, if the Senate decide that the Senator
from Delaware be right in asking that the doors
be shut, we keep them shut, and the Senate go
on with the discussion of the motion for an Exec-
utivesession, which I say again is the " business"
referred to in this rule, to be "considered when the
doors are closed, and they must be closed while
it is under consideration.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think this is an important
question as affecting the rules of the Senate; and
therefore, if we are to decide it, it should be de-
cided rightly. I do not think that the " business"
referred to in the rule, upon which the doors may
be closed on motion, is a motion to go into Exec-
utive session. I think it is clear that this rule re-
fers to a case where theirs is a discussion pending
in the Senate, and a member rises and suggests
that, on the discussion of the pending question,
the public interests require the doors to be closed.
Then they must be closed until the Senate decide
the question whether or not tiiey ought to be
closed—whether the discussion shall be in public
or in private. It only relates to a discussion pend-
ing ill the Senate, to questions in open Senate, to
a matter of legislative business, if you please,
which is being conducted in open session, and a
suggestion.is made that it is not proper to discuss
that subject in open session, hut that the doors
should be closed. The Senate then close the doors
to decide that point. The reading of the rule will
convince any one, 1 think, that such is the case.-
"On amotion made and seconded to shut the
doors of the Senate on the discussion of any busi-
ness which may, in the opinion of a member, re-
quire secrecy," the doors are to be closed, and are
to remain closed until the Senate decide the point.
It relates, therefore, to a pending discussion, a
pending question. Sir, 1 submit that there was
no pending question of discussion here on which
such a suggestion could be made.
Mr. CLAYTON. The Senator will permit me "
to ask, Was not this question pending and dis-
cussed? Were not gentlemen engaged m the dis-
cussion of it when the Senator from Virginia
made his motion, viz; Whether the homestead
bill or the Gadsden treaty was entitled to prefer-
ence? Was not the Gadsden treaty then neces-
sarily, to a certain extent, a subject of discussion
before the Senate, and was it not made a subject
of discussion in open Senate? Was it right that
it should be made a subject of discussion m open
Senate? 1 put it to the gentleman, whether the
word "business," as used in the rule, is not com-
pletely met by the facts? Was not the business
of the Gadsden treaty under discussion? I beg
leave now, while up, to say in replyto my friend
from North Carolina, that " legislative business"
is not in the rule; " legislative" is interpolated.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not understand that the
Gadsden treaty was before the Senate for discus-
sion when this motion was made. I do notthink
it could be before the Senate. It was not the
pending question. It was not before us. The
motion was not to proceed to its consideration.
The motion was to proceed to the consideration
of Executive business. The object may have been
to confirm a consul at Dublin, or to confirm  post-
master. The question was simply, shall we pro-
