1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1465
After a count, the Speaker announced that there
were one hundred and fifty-eight members in their
seats; and the tellers resumed their places.
The question was again taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 92, noes not counted.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put.
Mr. WHEELER. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the resolution.
Mr. COBB. I call for tellers upon the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Perkins, of
New York, and Matteson, were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers re-
ported twenty-nine in the affirmative, (a sufficient
number.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
THE OCCURRENCE OF YESTERDAY.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I rise, Mr. Speaker,
to offer to this House ail apology for a breach of
decorum, and of its rules, yesterday. I believe,
sir, that those with whom I have been associated
for the last three years as a member of this body,
will bear testimony that I have, at least, tried to
be respectful in all my intercourse with its mem-
bers, and to have a pioper regard for the rules of
this House; and I hope I shall always be found
among those who desire, and make an effort to
preserve, the order and decorum of this body.
Mr. CULLOM. I regret, Mr. Speaker, that
the unexpected and unprovoked attack made upon
me yesterday may have precipitated me into any
violation of the rules and order of this House.
I have endeavored, during my service here, to
maintain kindly relations with the members of the
House, and to observe punctilliously the rights
of all, and the honor and integrity of the body of
which I am a member.
Circumstances yesterday, over which I had no
control, and which I had contributed nothing to
provoke by word or deed, elicited from me lan-
guage which, perhaps, I should not have uttered.
If I have violated the rules of this body, [ ask the
House to be assured that it was out of no disrespect
to this high forum. But, Mr. Speaker, the ebul-
lition which I displaced upon that occasion was
elicited by the exhibition of a deadly instrument,
which was exhibited in connection with the re-
marks that were made, and I felt constrained to
pursue the course which I did.
Mr. McMULLIN. I do not wish to interrupt
the gentleman from Tennessee, but I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has resumed his seat.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I withdraw my ques-
tion of order.
Mr. MILLSON. The announcement which
has just been made by the two gentlemen from !
Tennessee was somewhat unexpected to me;
though I do not mean to say that 1 had not in-
dulged the hope and exDectation that both these
gentlemen-would see that it was due, as well to then-
own character and honor, as to that of the House,
that they should tender to the House the apologies
which they have just made for the disorder of
yesterday. But, as I have given notice of my
purpose to call the attention of the House to a
question of privilege in connection with this mat-
ter, it is due to myself that 1 should indicate the
course I had intended to pursue; and that my re-
marks may be perfectly in order, I beg leave to
present the following resolution:
Resolved, Thatdbelectcoinmittee of beappomted to
investigate the disorder which occurred yesterday ill the
House, m the use of warm words and threatening gestures,
between Mr. Ciiurchwelt, and Mr. Cullom, membeis of
this House, and to report thereon to the llou e.
No one, Mr. Speaker, can regret more than 1
do the scenes of yesterday. No one would feel
more than I the unpleasantness of the necessity
for bringing the subject to the notice of the House.
But, sir, holding, as 1 do, very friendly relations
towards both these gentlemen, 1 feel that I could
do so without subjecting myself to the suspicion
of being moved by any unworthy considerations.
That the use of warm words and threatening
gestures is a breach of the privileges of the House
cannot be doubted. Sir, it is of the greatest im- 1
portance, not merely to this body, but to the |
country at large, that debate here should be per- j
fectly free, and that all those gentlemen who are I
capable of shedding light upon our deliberations— |
and there are many such here—should be en- 1
couraged to offer their views. There are, doubt-
less, occasions when gentlemen of sensitive minds
would be restrained from an expression of their
judgment upon matters before us from an appre-
hension that they may be involved in heated de-
bate, and subjected to contumely.
It was well said by a member of the British
Parliament, that a blow struck in the House of
Commons^was a blow struck at the whole Com-
mons of England, and everything that is at all
calculated to prevent freedom of debate, to de-
stroy the consciousness, the assurance, that dis-
cussion may be full and free, without subjecting
the member engaging in it to personal risk, or to
reproachful epithets, is a wrong done to the whole
people of the country.
While, then, sir, it is clear that the use of such
language as was employed yesterday is a breach
of the privileges of the House, and ought not to
be passed without notice, there is more embar-
rassment, perhaps, in determining as to the pre-
cise manner in which these violations of order and
privilege should be treated by the body. 1 find,
on a very cursory examination made this morn-
ing, some cases in the British Parliament, occur-
j ring nearly two centuries ago, where disorderly
conduct upon the floor of the House was brought
to the notice of the body, and the parties offend-
ing required to make atonement. In the parlia-
mentary debates I find that where hot and pro-
voking discourses and gestures occurred between
Lord Cavendish and Sir John Hanmer, the niat-
j ter was ended by requiring every member to pro-
: ceed no further in anything that had happened in
the unfortunate disorder in the Grand Committee.
In another case, it appears that Lord O'Brien
' and Sir Thomas Chickley were ordered into the
j custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms for,a quarrel that
j had happened between them, on a division of the
1 House, in which blows were given. In another
| case, in the year 1678, blows passed between Sir
Jonathan Trelawney and Mr. Ash. The Speaker
having observed the blows, promptly called the
attention of the House to the matter. After dis-
j cussion, in which propositions were made to send
| the offending parties to the Tower, and to expel
; them from the House, Sir John said: "I hum-
! bly ask the pardon of the House for it." Mr.
j Ash said: " 1 do acknowledge thatl have done a
great fault, and 1 humbly ask the pardon of the
; House." Another case occuired in 1G90. Sir '
Thomas Mompesson, in his place, asked pardon
of the House for assaulting Mr. Okedon, in the
; lobby; an account thereof being given by Mr.
1 Piper and Colonel Trelawney, members of the
House, and the Sergeant,-at-Arms and Door-
keeper; and the Speaker acquainted Sir Thomas
Mompesson " that the House had considered
j that he was an ancient member, and therefore
| were very indulgent to him by their resolution,
which he acquainted him with, and l-equircd him
to ask pardon accordingly, which he did do."
It will be observed, then, Mr. Speaker, not-
withstanding the diatribes of our transatlantic
friends against the American Congress, and other
legislative bodies in the United States, on account
of these disorderly occurrences, that they would
not look in vain for such precedents of disorder
in their own parliamentary histoiy. In these
cases it will be observed that the House was sat- i
isfied with the tender of apology by the offending .
members. In out- own Congress, too, I observe i
that there are several similar cases in which no i
further proceeding was had after the tender of)
apology by the parties charged with the offense. |
A case of the kind referred to occurred between j
two members from Tennessee m the year 1838, ,
and a resolution was introduced that these gen- !
tlemen do apologize to the House for violating its !
privileges and offending its dignity. After the '
introduction of the resolution requiring the tender
of this apology, both gentlemen rose iu their places |
and made ample acknowledgments. ;
A case of like character occurred between a
member from Virginia and a member from North
Carolina, in the year 1841. Finding then that,
in similar cases, the House has forborne to take j
any further action after the tender by the offend-
ing members of ample and satisfactory apologies,
for theviolation of its order and rules, I had, after
deliberation and consultation with friends around
me, come to the conclusion to withdraw the reso- j
lution upon the tender of apologies. I am not !
unaware of the importance of preventing the i
recurrence of these disorderly scenes. I do not
know that any alteration or amendment of the
rules of the House is necessary to secure this de-
sirable end. If it be, I trust it will be soon made.
1 observe that the Manual 
Mr. OR^R, (interrupting.) Will the gentleman
from Virginia allow me to suggest an additional
rule, which I hold in my hand, as necessary to be
adopted by the House? It will settle a contro-
verted question, and will be the means hereafter,
in collisions between members upon this floor, if
they should unfortunately occur, of bringing the
question directly before the House, and investing
the Speaker, beyond a doubt, with sufficient
power to suppress the difficulty upon the floor.
] The Speaker does not possess that power, cer-
' tamly, now. I ask the Clerk to read the rule
which I suggest for the adoption of the House.
The rule was then read, as follows:
If any member, in violation of the rules of the House,
shall lefuse to obey the order of the Speaker, made m con-
foinnty therewith, it shall be the duly of the Speaker to
order the member so offending into the custody of Itie Ser-
geant-at-Arms, to be dealt with as the House may direct.
Mr. ORR. I would suggest a modification of
the rule which I have offered. It is, that the
Speaker shall be "authorized," instead of that
" it shall be his duty."
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Will my colleague
allow me to ask the gentleman from South Caro-
lina a question ? Can it be possible that there is
any doubt that that is the law now?
Several Members. None at all.
Mr. BAYLY repeated his question.
Mr. ORR. There is a very serious doubt on
! the subject; so much so, that the present, and, 1
: believe, the former Speakers, have not felt them-
ji selves authorized to direct the Sergeant-at-Arms to
arrest a member violating the rules of order and
j; decorum. The Chairman of the Committee of the
| Whole House certainly has no such power, and
1 it is extremely doubtful whether the Speaker has.
When there is disorder of this sort, and the mem-
: ber refuses to obey the order of the Presiding Offi-
j, cer, it is the duty of the House to take ihe power
, of ordering his arrest into its hands; but there
should be a more summary remedy,
j Mr. BAYLY. I do not think so.
! Mr. MILLSON. 1 was on the pointof stating
j to the House that I do not know that any amend-
ment to the present rules is necessary. According
to the Manual, which, by one of our rules, is
i made the law of the House in all cases m which
it does not come in conflict with the standing rules
and orders,
i '
. " Whenever warm words or an assault have passed be-
! tvveen Members, the House, for the protection oflhen mem-
bers, reqnnes them to declare, in Iheir places, not to prose-
cute any quarrel: or orders them to attend the Speaker,
who is to accommodate their differences, and report to tile
House, and they arc put under restraint if they refuse, or
until they do."
I am inclined to think, then, that under the ex-
isting rules, and under the law of the Manual, the
Speaker and the House may now exercise this
authority.
But, however this may be, I have a reason,
which the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Our] will appreciate without my indicating it,
why I prefer that the resolution which he has just
now introduced should not be considered to-day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would like to
understand whether or not the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Mili.son] yielded the floor to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, for the purpose of
allowing him to introduce his resolution, and
whether, therefoie, the proposition of the gentle-
man from South Carolina is now to be considered
before the body ?
Mr. MILLSON. No, sir; I stated that 1
yielded to have the resolution read for informa-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Then the proposition of the
gentleman from South Carolina is not before the
body.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman from South
Carolina could not, even with the consent of the
gentleman from Virginia, present a proposition to
amend the rules of the House.
Mr. MILLSON. I gave notice to the House
yesterday that I would call its attention to this
subject to-day. It was my purpose, however,
after conferring with gentlemen of ability and ex-
perience, to withdraw the resolution which I in-
tended to offer, if the two gentlemen should do
