756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
ceed to the consideration of Executive business?
That was not41 business" underdiscussion before
,us. It was a motion to proceed to the considera-
tion of business, there being none before us.
That, therefore, is not a case to which the appli-
cation of this rule can be made. This rule is,
that where there is business pending, under dis-
cussion, and a member rises in his place, and sug-
gests that discussion is not proper in open session,
he can have the doors closed until the question
of its consideration in open session can be de-
termined. Otherwise, any Senator can break
up your sessions on the suggestion that the public
interest require an Executive session, and demand
that the doors be closed for that; and when you
go into Executive session, you find that the Senator
wanted you to confirm an Indian agent among
the Camanches, for example; and that Senator
may-think it a matter of great importance to have
that Indian agent confirmed. Is it possible that
such a construction shall be given to the rule as
that any one Senator, for the sake of the confirm-
ation of a small office, should be permitted to over-
rule the whole Senate, clear the galleries, break up
your session, and, when yon go into Executive
session, you finckit is only in regard to an imma-
terial appointment? In this case I do not pretend
that the Executive business which we are to con-
sider is not very important; but 1 am showing
what will be, or what may be, the practice under
the rule, if this construction be put upon it. I
think it must be confined to the pending question
under discussion at the time the motion is made;
and the only question will be, the propriety of that
discussion being in open or secret session.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, if I could be
surprised at any difference of human opinion, I
■should be surprised at the doctrines and the opin-
ions expressed in reference to this rule by the hon-
orable Senators from Illinois and North Carolina.
It seems to me too plain even forargnment. 1 will
concede that there must be business of the Senate
under discussion at the time when any Senator
on his responsibility states that that business le-
quires secret discussion, and, therefore, moves to
close the doors.
But, sir, the honorable Senator from Illinois
[Mr, Douglas] says this is a motion to go into
Executive session,and that is not business within
the meaning of the rule. I ask him on what
ground, or by what right, he discusses it all, or
was there any discussion on the subject, if the
motion is not business before the Senate? Amo-
tion was made to go into Executive session. It
was resisted on the ground that other business of
the Senate, the homestead bill, was entitled to pri-
ority over any business which could come up m
Executive session. The reasons on the one side
as to whether that homestead bill was an import-
ant measure, or not, Us advocates could present;
but the comparison of that with the business which
we might have under consideration, if we went
into Executive session, no Senator on that side
of the subject could state, nor could he open his
lips in order to declare what that business was.
In order, then, to a fair discussion of the ques-
tion, which was as to the priority of the disposi-
tion of business relating to the country at large,
and with a view to prevent the debate from being
entirely one-sided, my colleague said, in substance,
i( on our side we can give no reasons; we cannot
discuss this question; it requires, in order to de-
termine the propriety of going into Executive ses-
sion, that the'doors should be closed; and I say
that on my responsibility as a member of the Sen-
ate. " If he were to state that on his responsibility
as a member of the Senate, and if, when you closed
the doors to discuss that motion, which I think
the rule requires you to do upon his allegation, it
should turn out that his object was merely to get
a particular favorite confirmed, he would meet the
censure of the Senate. I do not suppose there is
any danger of any gentleman in this body ever
making a motion on that ground; but you cannot
determine, until you have closed the doors, what
his grounds are; and when you shut the doors
you determine it, because the act of shutting the
doors is not going into Executive session. You
shut the doors for the purpose of debating the
question whether there is any business before the
Senate which should require secrecy ? The Sen-
ator only stands on his own personal responsibil-
ity for that allegation. He must suffer in the
judgment of his compeers if he makes it on friv-
olous grounds; but you have no right to assume
beforehand that it is on frivolous grounds until
you have shut the doors and heard his reasons,
and what is the character of the business which
he says requires you should go into Executive
session for the purpose of disposing of it.
Although the homestead bill, may not have i
been discussed, and although it may be of import-
ance to the country, I submit that, unless the
motion made by the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, which was to go into Executive session,
was the business of the Senate, there was no right
for any member to be heard on this floor in ref-
erence to it—that you cannotdiscuss in this body,
in any mode, anything which is not business of
the Senate, and that to confine the words " busi-
ness of the Senate," merely to questions on the
passage of bills, and to the discussion of particular
points arising on them, is giving to the word
"business" a meaning which it is by no means
entitled to bear. If the question of the priority of
business is open to debate—and it is always so
recognized here—then I say it is business of the
Senate
Mr. TOUCEY. I do not rise, Mr. President,
for the purpose of discussing this question. 1
think it does not need discussion; it needs only a
statement of the decision of the Chair, to arrive at
a proper determination as to whether that decision
was correct or not.
The Senator from Virginia moved to go into
Executive session. While that motion was pend-
ing before the Senate, a discussion sprung up.
The motion was debated by several members in
opposition. Upon the suggestion of the Senator
from Virginia as to whether that discussion was in
order, the Chair decided that it was in order to
discuss that question, as the motion was then
pending, and that it was in order to present the
grounds which were presented in refeienceto three
other very important bills, as to whether they were
not entitled to pnoiity. The discussion went on.
The Senator from Vnginia then moved that the
doors be shut; and, I suppose, for the very obvi-
ous reason that, if that discussion went on, you
could discuss only one side of the question which
was then under debate. Those who were in favor
of going into Executive session were not able to
assign their reasons. They could not represent to
the Senate the importance of the business which
was pending there, because we were m open ses-
sion; and, therefore, the Senator from Virginia
demanded that, pendingthe discussion of that mo-
tion, the doors should be shut. If I understand
the decision of the Chair, it is that a motion to go
into Executive session is " business " under the
18th rule, which declares:
On a motion, made ami seconded, to shut the doors of
the Senate on the rii^en^ion of any hn^ine^ which may,
in the opinion of a member, require secrecy, the President
shall clueet liio  allej;y to be cleared."
Now, the Chair has simply decided that the
discussion of that motion was the discussion of
business pending. Why, sir, suppose I had risen
in my place and inquired of the Chair, "What is
the business pending r" The Chair would have
replied, "It is the motion of the Senator from
Virginia to go into Executive session." That
business, and it is most important business, was
pending before the Senate. I think it obvious that
the decision of the Chair was rutht, and the bene-
fit of this rule is applicable to that motion—to that
business as well as to any other business of the
Senate. Certainly it is, if we are not to be forced
into the position here of voting apparently in op-
position to other measures, without being able to
assign our reasons. I think, therefore, the decis-
ion of the Chair is right; and if it never has been
decided before it ought to be decided now, that
upon that motion, if it leads to a discussion, this
rule may be applied, and the doors be shut.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would prefer
that the yeas and nays be taken upon thequestion.
Mr. BADGER. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the appeal.
The veas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state the
question. Amotion made by the Senator from
Virginia to shut the doors; the business of the
Senate pending at the time was a motion to go
into Executive session. The Senator from Vir-
ginia suggested, upon his responsibility, that there
were reasons why this motion, or this business,
pending before the Senate, should be discussed in
secret session. The Chair decides, that upon that
suggestion it is the duty of the Presiding Officer,
immediately, v/ithout taking a vote, to have the
galleries cleared. From that decision the honor-
able Senator from North Carolina appeals, and
the question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate?"
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted :
YEAS-rMessrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bell, Brodhead,
Butler, Clay, Clayton, Dodge of Wisconsin, Evans, Fes-
senden, Fibh, Foot, Hamlin, Hunter, Mabon,Moito]i, Nor-
ris, Itu^K, £lidc]f, Stuait, Sumner,Thompson of Kentucky,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toucey, Wade, Welier, "Wil-
liam*, a id Wright—29.
NAYS—Mo^rs. Badger, Brown, Dodge of Iowa, Doug-
las, .Tones of Jowa, Jones ot Tewiossoe, i'yttit, Shields,
and Walker—9.
The galleries were cleared, and the doors closed;
and after some time being spent in secret session>
the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jllarch 27, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILt.
The SPEAKER. A bill was reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on Friday last, and there is an order of the House
in reference to it which must be executed before
any other business is in order; it is a bill making
appropriation for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian Department, and for fulfill-
ing treaty stipulations with the various Indian
tribes for the year ending June 30, 1855.
On that bill and the amendments the previous
question was ordeied; and, until it is disposed of,
! nothing can be done except by unanimous con-
' sent.
I Mr. ENGLISH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House t$.introduce a bill, of which previous
notice has been given, forthe purpose of reference.
The SPEAKER. It will be remembered that
the unanimous consent to introduce the bill will
set aside even the order of the House, if the gen-
tleman desires to have the bill considered now.
Mr. ENGLISH. I only desire to have it re-
ferred to a committee.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If it is understood that
the object is only to refer the bill, 1 have no ob-
jection to'its introduction.
Mr. ENGLISH. That is all.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I make no objection.
The bill was then received, read a first and sec-
ond time by its title, as follows, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands!
A bill donating a portion of public lands, in al-
ternate sections, to aid in the construction of a
railroad from a point on the Ohio and Mississippi
railroad, in the State of Indiana, by the way of
the Falls of the Ohio and Evansville, to the Mis-
sissippi river, at or near Cairo.
Mr. ORR. I call for the regular order of busi-
ness.
CONTESTANT FROM NEW MEXICO.
Mr. HUNT. Will the gentleman be kind
enough to allow me to make a motion to refer a
resolution which was offered the other day by the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Miller,] to pay
the contestant from New Nexico, (William Carr
Lane,) his per diem and mileage ? I would like
to have that resolution referred to the Committee
of Elections. There can be no objection to it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
South Carolina yield to the suggestion of the
gentleman from Louisiana?
Mr. ORR. Will it lead to debate?
Mr. HUNT. Not at all. I merely ask to
have the resolution referred, that the committee
may report upon it.
! Mr. ORR. Then I have no objection.
The resolution indicated was then taken up, and
referred to the Committee of Elections.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE MOUTHS OF THE
$ MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present the memorial of the
Board of Trade of the city of Philadelphia asking
Congress to make an appropriation for clearing
out the mouths of the Mississippi.
