2324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April,
receive such pension (commencing from and after
the day of the death of her husband) as she would
h$.ve been entitled to had he died of wounds re-
ceived in battle.
Approved, March 1, 1854.
No. ll.—An Act for the Relief of John 0. Means.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officer of the
Treasury Department be, and he is hereby, au- '
thortzed to settle and adjust the account of John j
0. Means, as acting purser of the United States '
brig Dolphin, under the appointment of the com- I
mander of the squadron then on the coast of Af- |
rica, and to allow him the pay of a purser while \
in the discharge of the duties of thatappointment. ji
Approved, March 1, 1854. !|
No. 12.—An Act granting five years' Half Pay to the \
Widow of Captain John W. Gunnison. j
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- :
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the interior be, ;
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of j
Mrs. Gunnison, widow of Captain John W. Gun- ,
nison, deceased, upon the list of pensioners, and I
pay to her for the term of five years from the first !
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, half the i
j>ay to which her said husband was entitled at the j
time of his death. j
Approved, March 1, 1854. t
be, and the same is hereby, renewed,revived, and
extended for the term of fourteen years, from and
after the passage of this act; and the Commissioner
of Patents is hereby directed, upon the presenta-
tion of the said patents, to renew, revive, and
extend the said patents, by making a certificate
on each, or upon certified copies thereof, of such
extension, (the lawful fees being first paid there-
for,) in the name of the legal representatives of the
said John Arnold and the said George G. Bishop;
and the said Commissioner of Patents is hereby
directed to cause the same to be entered of record
in the Patent Office; and the said patents so re-
newed, revived, and extended, shall have the same
effect in iaw, as if originally granted for terms
extending to the end of the term to which they are
extended by this act: Provided, however, That such
renewed or extended patents, respectively, shall
be open to legal inquiry and decision, in the same
manner as if issued under the general law regu-
lating the granting of patents: And provided further,
That all persons now enjoying the lawful use of
the said invented machine, or any part thereof,
so patented, and the purchaser of any such ma-
chine, or any part thereof, may continue to use
the same, notwithstanding the provisions of this
act.
Approved, March 28, 1854.
No. 13.-
-An Act for the Relief of William Mayo, of!
the State of Maine. j
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rcpre- j
setUatives of the Uaitcd States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the interior be, !
and he is hereby, authorised and instructed to in-
crease the pension now received by William ■
Mayo, of tne State of Maine, three dollars per ;
month from January first, eighteen hundred and ,
fifty-four, making thereby the said William ,
Mayors pension eight dollars per month during
his natural life.
Approved, March 27, I834.
No. 14.—An Act for the Relief of Samuel K. Ray-
bum.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
CaUse to be paid to Samuel K. Rayburn the sum
of one hundred and five dollars out of any money
not otherwise appropriated, in full compensation
for loss of horse and equipage m tho war with
Mexico.
Approved, March 27, 1854.
No. 15.—An Act for the Relief of Gray, McMwdo
and Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of five hundred and sev-
enty dollars and seventy cents be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be paid
to Gray, McMurdo and Company, of New Or-
leans, in the State of Louisiana, in full of their
account for interest on moneys advanced by them
in one thousand eight hundred and fifty, to the
Ciuartermaster's Department.
Approved, March 27, 1854.
No. 17.—An Act for the Relief of Harriet Leaven-
worth, Widow of the late Brevet Brigadier General
Leavenworth.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary o.f the interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
the said Harriet Leavenworth upon the pension
rolls, and cause her to be paid the sum of thirty
dollars per month, for and during the term of five
years, commencing February first, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-three.
Approved, April 8, 1854.
No. 21.—An Act for the Relief of Alton Nelson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of Alton Nelson, of the county of War-
ren, and State of New York, on the roll of invalid
pensioners, at eight dollars a month, from the first
day of January, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-three.
Approved, April 12, 1854.
No. 22.—An Act for the Relief of Lemuel Hudson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of Ike United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to cause the name of
Lemuel Hudson, formerly surgeon of the twelfth
regiment, fourth brigade, New York militia, in the
war of one thousand eight hundred and twelve,
to be entered on the pension rolls, and pay to him
the sum of twenty-two dollars per month, for and
during his natural life, commencing January first,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty-two.
Approved, April 12, 1854.
No. 16.—An Act for the Relief of George. G. Bishops 1
and the Legal Representatives of John Arnold, de- ;
ceased. '
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- \
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the letters-patent granted to John
Arnold, (a citizen of the United States,) dated the
fifteenth day of July, in the year one thousand
eight hundred and twenty-nine, for a new and |
useful improvement in the machine for forming a -
web of cloth, of woof, hair, or other suitable sub-
stances, without spinning or weaving; and also, '
the letters-patent granted to the said Arnold and ;
George G. Bishop, (also a citizen of the United 1
States,) dated the twentieth day of October, in the '
year one thousand eight hundred and thirty-six,
for a new and useful Improvement in the machine , i
for forming a web of cloth, of wool, hair, or other i
suitable substance, without spinning or weaving, (j
No. 18.—An Act for the Relief of Aaron Stafford.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Aaron Stafford on the roll of invalid pensioners,
and to pay him at the rate of fifteen dollars a
month, from and after the fourth day of March,
eighteen hundred and forty-eight, and to continue
during his natural life: Provided, That the said
Secretary shall deduct such sum or sums from the
same as the said Stafford has received as an in-
valid pensioner since said fourth day of March,
eighteen hundred and forty-eight: And provided
further, That all acts or parts of acts heretofore
; passed for the relief of said Stafford are hereby
: repealed.
Approved, April 12, 1854.
No. 19.—An Act for the Relief of the Executors of
the late Lieutenant John E. Hispham.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States qf America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of nine hundred and thir-
teen dollars and sixty-nine cents be, and the same
is hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be paid
to Caleb J. Good, executor of John E. Bispham,
late of the United States Navy, deceased, for
expenses incurred by the deceased in a suit
arising out of the seizure of the brig " Malaga,"
off the coast of Africa, by the United States brig
" Boxer," while under the command of the said
Bispham.
Approved, April 12, 1854.
No. 23.—An Act for the Relief of Lyman JV*. Cook.
Be it enacted by the Senile and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the name of Lyman N. Cook be
placed on the pension roll of the United States,
and that he receive an annual pension of twenty-
two dollars and fifty cents per month during his
natural life, to be paid to him out of the Treasury
of the United States.
Approved, April 12, 1S54.
No. 24.—An Act for the Relief of James F. Green,
of Pennsylvania.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
James F. Green, of Bradford county, Pennsyl-
vania, upon the invalid pension roll, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, to commence on the first
day ofFebruary, Anno Domini one thousand eight
hundred and fifty, and to continue for and during
his natural life.
Approved, April 12, 1854.
No. 25.—An Act to provide a Pensionfor Silas Cham-
pion, of Genesee County, Stale of J\rew York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Silas Champion, of the county of
Genesee, and State of New York, be, and he is
hereby, entitled, as an invalid pensioner, to eight
dollars per month, to commence from the firstday
of January, eighteen hundred and fifty-two.
Approved, April 12, 1854.
No. 20.—An Act for the Relief of Hezekiah John- j
son, of the Town of Bridgcwaicr, in the State of
Vermont.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Xjnited Siafes of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to cause the name of
Hezekiah Johnson* of the town of Bridgewater,
of the State of Vermont, to be placed upon the
roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, to commence on the first day of
January, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
three, and to continue during his life.
Approved, April 12, 1854.
No. 26.—An Act for the Relief of Emelie Hooe,
Widow of Captain Hooe.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre*
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
ussemblecly That the Secretary of the Interior place
upen the pension list the name of Emelie Hooe,
widow of Brevet Major Alexander S. Hooe, late
of the United States Army, whose death was
occasioned by a wound received in the battle of
Resaca de la Palma, on the ninth of May, one
thousand eight hundred and forty-six, and allow
her per month the half pay of a captain in the
Army of the United States, for ten years; said
pension to commence on the first day of January,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty-four: Pro-
vided, Said pension shall cease if she die in the
mean time.
Approved, April 12, 1854.
No. 27.—An Act for Ihe Relief of Madison Parton.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the accounting officers of the
Treasury be, and they are hereby, directed to
ascertain whether Madison Parton has been paid
for all the military services rendered by him to the
United States from the eighth day of August, one
thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, till the
eighth day of February, one thousand eight hun-
dred and thiity-eight, by examining the proper
