THE' CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
July,
day of January, one thousand eight hundred and
fiftyftjiree.
Approved, June 29, 1854.
No. 45.—An Jlcl for the Relief of Llewellyn Wash-
ington.
He U- emtuted- by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
asstfBhkd, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
aufT'he is hereby, required to pay to Llewellyn
"V^sftingtoiiout of any money in the Treasury-
nat otherwise appropriated, two hundred and five
dollars and sixty-two cents, for servicesas a clerk
ii£ the Post Office Department from the first day
o£ M>ay, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, until the
fourteenth day of July of the same year.
Approved, June 29, 1854.
No
46.—4  Act for the Relief of Ira Day, of Ver-
mont.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General is hereby
authorized and required to pay to Ira Day, of
Vermont, or his legal representatives, one thou-
sand and eight dollars and ninety cents, out of the
funds of the Post Office Department, in full for
the balance due to him for transporting the mail
from Royal ton to Burlington, in the State of Ver-
niSnt, from January, eighteen hundred and thirty-
tBtee.'to July,eighteen hundred and thirty-seven,
Approved, June 29, 1854.
Nd. 47.—Jin Set for the Relief of James Jeffries
and Jeremiah J1J. Smith.
' Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and
he is hereby, authorized in his discretion to cause
James Jeffries and Jeremiah M Smith and their
guprantoTB to.be released from the penalty incurred
by the failure, on ibe parr of said Jeffries and
Smith,to carry the United States mail uponioutes
si&' thousand two hundred and sixty-eight, six
ttti'tliiimd ttfb* hundred' and sixty-nine, and six
thousand two hundred and seventy-seven, accord-
the bid offered by them and accepted by the
I®t'.Office Department, and that he also cause to
bl'^eOJn'dHd to the said Jeffries and Smith the
amSunt <jf any fines paid by them in consequence
o#*tll)V''®^ur®-on their part to carry the mails
upoif said routes.
AWhoyed, June 29, 1854.
, confirmed in their claim to five hundred acres of
land in the prairie of Jefferson, on which the said
heirs reside, as represented in tfie report of the
register and receiver of the land office at Monroe,
m their report of the thirtieth of July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, and that a patent issue to
them after a legal survey duly returned: Provided,
That this act shall be construed only as a relin-
quishment of title on the part of the United States,
and shall not affect the claims of other persons
to the same, if any.
Approved, July 17, 1854.
No. 51.—An Act for the Relief of Juan M. Luco
and Jose L. Luco.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That J uan M. Luco and Jose L. Luco
shall be, and they are hereby, permitted to file
their claim and title to a certain tract of land in
California, known as the " Ulpines Rancho,"
before the United States land commissioners to
ascertain and settle the private land claims in the
State of California, appointed under the act ap-
proved third of March,eighteen hundred and fifty-
one; and that said commissioners shall take cogni-
zance of and pass upon the said claim, in the same
manner as if the said claim hjd been filed prior
to the expiration of the time filed for filing such
claims by the aforesaid act.
Atproved, July 17, 1854.
No. 48:—An Act to change the Name of the Ameri-
call-built Brig Hallow ell to that of James Hose, and
to grant her a new Register.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House nf Repre-
sentatives of the United' Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the collector of the customs of the
pprt. of-Charleston, in the State of South Caro-
lina,, be-, and he is hereby, authorized, under the
d-jretHion-.Qf the Secretary of the Treasury, to
a^mit to register, under the name and title of the
Rose, the American-built brig now owned
b.y Hall and Company, of said Charleston, and
kno.wn aa the Ballowell.
Approved, July 17, 1854.
No. 52.—An Act for the. Relief of Cornelius H.
Latham.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior is
hereby authorized and directed to place the name
of Cornelius H. Latham, of the State of New
York, on the invalid pension roll, at the late of
four dollars per month, to commence on the first
day of January, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty, and to continue during his natural life.
Approved, July 17, 1854.
by, confirmed in all the right, title, and interest,
now held or possessed by theUnited States in and
to the following lands, now in his occupation, to
wit; eighteen arpents front on the right bank of the
Mississippi river, and running back to the stream
or bayou called Icetamon, in said parish, being
part of a French grant made, to Nicholas Verret
m seventeen hundred and sixty five; and also nine
arpents and six toises front, adjoining the first de-
scribed tract, with the depth of forty arpents, for
the nine arpents at)d six toises front, the said last
described tract consisting of two complete grants
made by the Spanish Government to Joseph He-
bert and Jean- Baptiste Cormie, on the twenty-
seventh of September, seventeen hundred and sev-
enty-three, and the two tracts so described con-
taining seven thousand four hundred and thirty-
eight acres of land: Provided, That this act shall
only be construed to vest in thesaid A. B, Roman
the righ'3, title, and interest in said lands now
held and possessed by the United States, and shall
not be construed in any way to impair the bona
fide rights, interests, or claims, acquired by any
other person under adverse grants, concessions,
or puichases, made prior to the passage of this act.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That a patent
be, and the same is hereby, directed to be issued
to the said A. B. Roman for the lands described
in this act.
Approved, July 17, 1854.
No. 57.—An Act to provide a Pension for Sergeant
G. W. Torrence.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That Sergeant G-. W. Torrence, of
Captain Pairchi'id 'a company of Louisiana mount-
ed volunteers, be placed upon the pension roll, at
the rate of twenty dollars per month, to commence
on the fourth day of April,eighteen hundred and"
fifty-four.
Approved, July 17, 1854;
W.
No. 53.—An Act for the Relief of George
Gtl)son.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of George W. Gibson, of Boone county,
Indiana, on the roll of invalid pensioners; and
that the said Gibson be allowed a pension of six
dollars per month from the ninth day of March,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, to con-
tinue during- his natural life.
Approved, July 17, 1854
No. 54.—An Act for the. Relief of Samuel W Brady.
Be il enacted ? / the Senate and I louse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress ^   ^ _    ^
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior is-|i InotTthe'objects and design'of this corporation
No. 58.—Jin Jict to Sneorpora-te the Georgetown
Gas-Light Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That David English, Robert P. Dodge-,
Richard ' Cruiksha.uk, William M." Pitzhugh,
Richard Pettit, William P. Seymour, Adolphua
H. Pickrell, and William Bucknell, and their t
present and future associates, are hereby declared :
to be a body-politic and corporate, by the name
and style of "'The Georgetown Gas-Light Com--
pany," and by the same name shall have per-
petual succession, and shall be able to sue and be
sued, plead and be impleaded, in all courts of law
and equity m the District of Columbia and else-
wheie; to make and have a common seal, and the
same to break, alter, and renew, at pleasure; to
ordain and establish by-laws,ordinances, and lob-
ulations, and generally t® do every act and thing
necessary to carry into effect this act, or to p'ro-
No. 49.—An Act for the Relief of the Utiea Steam
Woolen Company.
. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the sum of one thousand one hun-
dred and eighty-one dollars and sixteen eents he,
and the same hereby is, appropriated, out of any
mM*ey in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ate(S,to be paid to the tftica Steam Woolen Com-
pwjt ofU.tica, in the State of New York; in full
o£>tH$it\account for interest on goods furnished
to the Quartermaster's Department.
Approved, July 17, 1854.
No. 50.—An Act to confirm, the Claim of William
H. Henderson, and the Heirs of Robert Henderson,
, to Jive hmched acres of Land in the Bastrop
Grant.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
(memUedr That William II. Henderson, and the
heirs;of R^bertHerid?rsr>n, of the parish of More-
house, State of-Louisiana, be, and they are hereby,
hereby-authorized and directed to place the name
of Samuel W. Brady, of Virginia, on the roll of
invalid pensions, and to pay to him the sum of four
dollars per month duiing his natural life, to com-
mence on the first day of January, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty.
Approved, July 17, 1854.
1 No. 55.—An Act to authorize the issue of'a Register
I to the Brig Ameliaby the name of Abby Frances> '
! Be it enacted by the. Senate and House of Repre-
: sentatives of the United States of America in Congress \ \ and the stock of the said company shall be deemed
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the capi-
tal stock of this corporation shall not exceed one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars; that a share
in the same shall be twenty-five dollars, fend books
ef subscription to the said capital stock, or to such
portions thereof as from time to time may, by the
directors, for the time being, be deemed proper
and necessary, shall be opened by the appoint-
ment, or under the direction, of the directors herer
mafter named, subject to such rules, limitations,
and conditions as by them shall be prescribed;
assembled, That there be issued, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, a register
to the Russian-built brig Amelia, by the name of
Abby Frances, now owned by Charles Parsons,
of New Orleans, in the State of Louisiana: Pro-
tided, It shall be proved, to the satisfaction of said
Secretary, that the cost of the repairs made in the
United States, after the purchase of said vessel by
the" present owner, is" equal to three fourths of the
value of said vessel at the time of said repairs.
Approved, July 17, 1854.
personal property.
Sec. 3. And be it fuithcr enacted, That the stock,
property, and affairs of the said company shall be
managed and conducted by and under the direc-
tion of a president and seven directors, being
stockholders; that the said directors shall beelected
on the first Monday of June, in the year eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, and on the same day in
each succeeding year thereafter, and shall hold
their offices for one year from the day of their
election, and until other directors shall be elected
i: in their places; that such elections shall be held.in
No. 56.—Jin Jlct for the Relief of A. B. Roman, of, < Georgetown aforesaid, at such time and place as
Louisiana. ;j a majority of the directors for the time being-shall
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- ji appoint, and notice of such time and place,.of
sentalivcs of the United Stales of America in Congress \ [ election shall be given by advertisement in one or
assembled t That A. B. Roman, of the parish of St. i. more newspapers printed and published in thesaid
James, and State of Louisiana, be, and he is here- '' town, at least fourteen days before the holding of
