75 8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
Tuesday of May next. As 1 have already re-
marked, the question is nationally important, and
demands early consideration.
lift-. CLINGMAN. With the gentleman's
permission, I would inquire for what period of
time he proposes the question referred to shall be
nmde the special order?
Mr. COBB* I propose that it shall be made
the special order for the third Tuesday of May
next, and considered from day to day thereafter
until disposed of.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Let the gentleman say
"that it be made the special order for one week
from the time specified.
Mr. COBB. I have no objection to the gentle-
man's suggestion; but when the House has the
question before it under its order it can close
debate whenever members deem fit. It is an im-
portant question, and I think it would be best to
leave the matter as to how long it should be con-
sidered with the House.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Alabama?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
Mr. COBB. I hope that objection will be with-
drawn. Let us unite in this general move for the
country.
The objection was not withdrawn.
Mr. COBB. I move then that the rules be sus-
pended to enable me to make the motion indicated.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules; and it was decided in theatfirm-
ative—yeas 128, nays 39; as follows:
VKAS—Messrs. Willis Allen,Applcton, Banks, Bell, Ben-
nett, Benson, Benton, Bh-sb, Boyee, Breckinridge, Brooks,
B j£g, Campbell, 0arpenter,0 anil hers, (Jhamberlani, Tliri^
man, Church well, Cobb, Cook, Couvin, Cox, (Jutting, John
G. Davis, Thomas Davi^ DawMin, Du k, Dickinson,
Disney, Dowdell, Dunb.tr, Ka-.tuirin, Hddy, Kd^ejton, Ml-
hott, Ellison, f£ngh*h, Everhurt, Hwun*, Failey, denton,
Flagler, Goodrich, Green. Greenwood, Giey, Grow, Aaion
Harlan, Wiley P. Harris Hasting, Hendricks, Hemi, ffill,
Howe, Hughe4*, Hunt, Johnson, Kutiedge, Knox. Lane,
Latham, Lindlev, Ljon, McCulloch, Maedmiald, McDoti-
(;all, MeMulhn, Maey,Mattesou, Maxwell, Meaeham, John
G Miller, Smith Miller, Morgan, Nichoh, Norton, Old>,
Mordceai Oliver, Paiker, Peckham, Pennington, John Per
W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, lienor L. Stevens,
Straub, John L. Tayloi, Thuiston, Tiout, Upham, Vail,
Vansant, Wade, Walket, Walley, Wairen, Kllibu B. Wa*.h
Imriic. Israel VVashbnrn, WelK John Wentwmth, Tap-
pan Wentworth, YVeMbrook, WiUe, Daniel 1? SVught,
ilcndrick li. Wright, Vatet-, and Zolhcoilcr—12^.
MAYS—Messrs. Aberciombie, Aiken,Thomas Ef. Bayly,
Belehei, Boeoek, Chastam. Chngman, Dent, Fanlknei,
Fuller, Goode, Hamilton, Haven, Hibb.ird, Hoiii-ton, flame!
'* Jones, George W Jones, Kent, Kulwell, Kurtz,
M<'<lueen, Maurice, May, Morrifon, Muiray, Andiew
Oliver, Orr, Packer, Bishop Perkins, Powell, Pratt, Reese,
Itiiliin, Shaw, rtnodgrass, John J. Taylor, Tiacy, Walbh,
and Wheelci—39.
So the rules were suspended for the introduction
of the resolution indicated.
Mr. COBB. I submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That llou-e bill No. entitled ''A bill to
piovide for the establishment oi uulroads and telegraphic
rommunication between the Atlantic Slates and the Pacific
« ci'uii, and for other purposes," shall be made a special
"I'dfi for the consideration ot the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union for the third Tuet-day ol May neu,
and -hall tiiereatter be considered until deposed of by the
ei-itiimuee.
On that resolution I call for the previous ques-
t on.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask my colleague to
u'-rept of a modification of his resolution.
Mr. COBB. 1 am afraid to undertake its
amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire that the time during
which the bill shall bea special order shall be lim-
ned to some extent.
[Cries of <l No! "]
Mr. HOUSTON. If we make special orders
m the xvay proposed, we shall never get up any
ot her business.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman's amend-
ment be adopted, we shall defeat the hill.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. HAVEN. I demand the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeos and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN, I wish to mnke an inquiry !
on a point of order. Does it not require a two- |
thiid vote to pass a resolution making a special
Older ?
The SPEAKER. It does.
The question was then taken on the resolution;
and it was adopted—yeas 129, nays 40; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs JamesC. Allen, AppLton, Ashe, Bank1?,
Bell, Bennett, Benson, Bliss, Breckiiuidgo, Bugg,Campbell,
Caipenter, Caruthers, Chamberlain, tjpandh i, ChiK-man,
Uburehwell, C'obt>. Cook, Corvvin, Cox, Cullom, Cuius,
Gutting, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dean,
Dick, Dickinson, Disney, Dowdell, Dunbar, Eastman,
Kddy, Edgeiton, Edmanns, Elliott, Ellison, Engh.-h, Ever-
hait, Euing, Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Goodueh, Green,
Greenwood, Grey, Grow, Aaion Harlan, Andiew J. Har-
lan, Uairi&on, Hastings, Hendricks, Hemi, Howe, Hughes,
Hunt, Johnson. Kutredge, Knox, l^ane, l>aibaui, Liudiev,
McCulloch, Macdoiiiild, MeDougail, MeMulhn, Macy,
Matte^on, Maxwell, Mt-ucham, John G. Miller, Smith Mil-
ler, Mmgan, NichoU, Norton, Olds, Moidecai Oliver, Par-
ker, Pcckn.im, Pennington, John Perkin-, Pieoion, Pnngle,
Ready, Riehaid&on, Riddle, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritche>,
Robbins, ilusaeJl, Sabm, Sapp, Sewaid, Shannon, Sim-
mon>, singleton, Skeltou, Genu Smith, Samuel A. Smith,
\\ilham K. Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stan
ton, Richard H. Stanton, Straub, John J. Taylor, John
L. 'i aylor,Thurston, Trout, Upham, Vail, Vansant, Wade,
Walker, Walley, Warren, Kiuhu B. YVashburne, Israel
Washburn, Wells, Juiui Wentworth, Tnppan YVeutwortb,
Westbrook, VYilto, Hondnck IS. Wuglit, Vates, and Zot-
licotier—l-il).
NAVS—Messrs. Aiken, Thom::s H. Bayly, Belcher,
Boeock, Brooks, Caskte, Chastain, Clingman, Dent. Faulk-
ner, Fuller, Goode, Hamilton, Haven, Hibbanl, liouston,
Daniel T. Jones, George W. Joue>, Kent, Kulwell, Kurtz,
Lilly, McQueen, Mauuce, May, Miilt-on, Moinson, Mui-
ra>, Andrew (>hver, Orr. Bishop Perkins Phillip^, Powell,
Pratt, Reese, Ruthn, Shaw, Snodgrass, Tracv, and Walsh
—10.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was put, and agreed to.
[Here a message wasieccived from the Senate,
by Asburv -Oickins, E&q., their Secietary, noti-
fying' tiie House that that body had tvgieed to the
amendments of the House to Senate uiU No. 39,
entitled "An act to extend the warehousing sys-
tem by establishing private bonded warehouses,
and for other purposes."]
LAND DISTRICTS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. RICE. I now ask the House to take up
and pass bill No. ItiG, "to establish additional
land districts in the Territory of Minnesota."
The SPEAKER, if not objected to, the House
will proceed to take action on the bill indicated by
! the gentleman.
I Mr. HAVEN. Is there not already a special
j order for territorial business?
I The SPEAKER. There is such a special order
i for early in the month of May. This bill was
I repotted from the Committee of the Whole on the
; state of the Union when acting under a special
i order some days since.
i Mr. HAVEN. If territorial business has al-
! ready been made a special order, 1 must object to
' taking up this bill now.
j Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
[gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven] will
! withdraw his objection. It is a bill, as I stated
j before, which was considered in Committee of the
! Whole when they were engaged upon territorial
| business. It was leported to the Iiouse without
j objection. The bill has for its object the establish-
j ment of four additional land offices in the Terri-
, tory of Minnesota. There are five hundred town-
i ships of land surveyed in that Territory where
! there are no land offices, and where, at present,
I not an acre of land can be purchased, it is 1m-
; portantthat this bill should be passed, and that
! these land olfices should be established, so that
< emigrants going there in the spring may purchase
their lands. I hope there will be no objection on
: the part of the House to taking up the bill now
and passing it. The question is only upon the
; amendment which is offered in the nature of a
: substitute. I move to suspend the rules for the
; purpose of taking it up.
i Mr. HAVEN. If it is the general sense of the
i Iiouse that we should make special orders and
then not follow them, I will withdraw the objec-
tion I made.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
question will be upon the amendment, which is !
m the nature of a substitute, as the Chair under- i
stands, and which the Clerk will now proceed to j
read. ;
The bill having been read the first and second i
time by its title, as follows: "A bill to establish
territorial land districts in the Territory of Minne-
sota," was then read through by the Clerk.
The substitute for the bill was then read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The ques-
tion now, Mr. Speaker, as I understand it, is ore
i the adoption of the substitute that has been just
! read.
j The SPEAKER. Yes; the question is upon
I the adoption of the substitute.
Mr. DISNEY. Mr. Speaker, that bill may be
all very right, and, for aught I know, is so. Still,
in my judgment, it would be well to refer it. I
therefore move its reference to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. HENN, I would state to the gentleman
from Ohio that the bill has been reported from the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DISNEY. Then 1 ask leayeto withdraw
| my motion.
, There being no objection, the motion was with-
j drawn.
| The question was then taken on the amendment;
; which was agreed to.
t The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
; read a third time; and, having been engrossed, it
| was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved tore-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
, which latter motion was agreed to.
CHAPLAINS TO CONGRESS.
Mr. MEACflAM. I am about to leave the
city this evening, and will be absent for a few
days. 1 therefore ask the permission of the House
to allow me to make a report from the Judiciary
Committee, and to move that such report be or-
dered to be iaid on the table, and piinted. It is an
adverse report upon the petitions asking that the
office of Chaplains in Congress, the Army and
Navy, be abolished.
There being no objection, the report was re-
ceived and ordered to be laid on the table and
printed.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Commiftpp on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled, biiis of the
following titles; which, thereupon, received the
signature of the Speaker:
Act for the relief of George G. Bishop and the
legal representatives of John Arnold, deceased; and
Act to extend the warehousing system by
establishing private bonded warehouses, and for
other purposes.
STEAM FRIGATES FOR THE NAVY.
Mr. BOCOCK. I offer the following resolu-
tion. It is important and national:
^ Whereas, a proper regard for the intere*tc of the country
di-mands that ournuvul lorce shall be promptly increased :
Therefore,
Resolvtd, That House bill No. 50, entitled "A bill to au-
thorize the construction ot mx first cla^s ste.nn fi males, and
fur oth *r purpose-.," be made the special ouler of the day
foi Tuesdav, the28th mutant, atone o'clock.and from day
to day until the &atne be disposed of.
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask the unanimous eonsent
of the House to receive and consider this resolu-
tion.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object.
Mr. BOCOCK. Then I move to suspend the
rules for that purpose; and on that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 125, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—Me«srs. Aikfn. James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Appleton, Thomas H. Bayly, Ranks, BeJcher, Bennett,
Benson, Bocock, Boyce, Brooks, Bu^> Carpenter, Caskie,
Chamberlain, Chandler, Churclmell, Chngman, Cobb,
Cook, Coivwn, Cullom, Cutting. D^an, Dent,"Dick, Dick-
inson, Dowdell, Dunbar, Eddj. Edmands. Elliott, t:ih>on,
Eveibart, Farley, Faulkner, Fenton, Flagler, Franklin,
Fullei, Goode, Goodnch, Green, Andrew J Harlan, Har-
rison, Hastings, Hibbard, Hill, Howe, Hunt, Johnson
Geoiye YV. Jone;-, Keiti, Kerr, Kulwell, Kutredjje, Knox'
Kurtz, 3,ane, Latham, Ljon, McCulloch, Maedonnld. Mc-
Doiiiiall, MeMulhn, McNair, McQueen, Maxwell Mmv
Mcachain, Smith Miller, Millson, Morrison, NiohoU Mor-
deofu Oliver, Packer, Parker, reekham, Bi.-hop PeVkins
John Pel kins, Phelps, Phillips, PoweJL Pratt Purvear'
Ueady, Kiddle, David Ritchie, Thomas Hitchev'. KnbLW
Ku^ell, Sabm, ^app, Seymour, JShaw, Simmons, Single-
ton, fcskeltou, Sairmel A. Smith, William It. ^ni'tli Snod
 ra^, Frederick P.Stanton. Riehaui II. Stanton Struib
John J. T;u!or. John L. Tavlor, Thurston, Trat v Trout'
Upbim, Wil, Vansant, Walker, W'allev, U'aMt? F.lhhn
!: VVj-hlmnif. Kii.pl Wa-hbnri,, Tap,.,,,, W< i.iw.jitti,
WfMhnmk, W haler, \\ itte, Darnel B. Wuglit, flendnclt
b. W right, and \ ates—
