1470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
will say that I stated to the House when I first
rose, that I was charged with the recommenda-
tion from no committee, although, when it was
offered to the deficiency bill, 1 was instructed to
do so.
Mr. CHANDLER. It does not belong to this
part of the bill.
Mr. HAVEN. That is for this committee fo
judge. It is in order as an amendment to this bill,
if it is in order to legislate upon the subject at all.
Mr. CHANDLER. I asked the honorable
gentleman from New York whether the amend-
ment was recommended by the Committee of
Ways and Means ? He answers that it was not.
I think the matter had better be passed over, as
no inconvenience will result from doing1 so.
Mr. HAVEN. I appreciate the advice of my
friend from Pennsylvania, and have no doubt it is
well intended, but 1 much prefer to follow the die
tates of my own judgment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I was not advising the
gentleman, but the House. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROBBINS. I entirely concur with my
colleague," [Mr Chandler.]
Mr. FLORENCE. And I apprehend that this
committee will do so too.
Mr. DE WITT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by reducing the amount five dollars. I have
listened to the debate upon this subject with a
great deal of attention, but, thus far, m silence.
Sir, 1 regret only the necessity of this debate, be-
cause I regret that there is a custom-house upon
the face of the earth. But still, sir, while it is
the policy of this Government to raise its revenues
by imposts, 1 shall vote for the erection and main-
tenance of suitable custom-houses, wherever they
are necessary. 1 have leained that when the act
was parsed at the last session of Congress for
the establishment of an assay office m the city of
New Yoi k, and which was approved by the Presi-
dent a year ago last March, the Secretary of the
Treasury was authorized to carry that act into
eftVrt   confess I have admired the skill, care,
and economy which was manifested by that offi-
cer m cnirying that act into effect, and, as a prac-
tical man, I am at a loss to understand why the
appropriation is withheld. Ceitainly economy
does not. prompt if.
To what part of the city of New York can you
go where you will find a location so well fitted n r
the piu pose of an assay office as this which has
been selected by the Secretary of the Treasury,
and for so little money? If an assay office is to
be established in the city of New Yoik at all, the
location chosen is a good one. I wish the assay
office were to be located in this city. But Con-
gie>-s hay thought proper to locate if elsewhere;
and, therefoie, 1 do hope, from motives of econ-
omy, and in view of the wants and condition of
the great commercial city of New York, and in
view of the benefit which is to accrue to the peo-
ple who have so much to do with the aseay oificc,
that this appropriation will be made, and that the
great work will be carried forward.
I admire the location; I admire the plan pro-
posed by the Secretary of the Treasury, because
il saves money. Sir, we are paying much more
than the interest upon the money it is proposed to
expend m the purchase. The rent which you are
paying would, in the fifteen years, amount to
much more than the cost of the site. The prop-
erty will sell at any time; it would sell to-day at
a profit. 1 took the pains, the last time I was m
the city of New York, to go and see this location;
and i think the Secretary of the Tieasury has
done right m making the selection. I hope the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. HAVEN. Did I understand the gentle-
man fram Massachusetts as being in favor of the
adoption of my amendment'5
Mr. DEWITT. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I will not make any re-
marks in opposition to the gentleman's amend-
ment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, because I do not see any necessity of re-
ducing this appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must state to
the gentleman from Virginia that the gentleman
from Ne,v ""i ork has approved the amendment of
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. SMITH. I think the Chair is mistaken.
The gentleman from New York rose to oppose
the amendment; but when he found the gentleman
from Massachusetts was m favor of the original
amendment, he did not oppose it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must decide
that no further debate is in order. The gentleman
from New York rose in opposition to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts, and it
was not necessary that he should have spoken five
minutes to have exhausted the privilege of debate
under the rule.
Mr. SMITH. I understood the gentleman
from New York as being in favor of the amend-
ment.
Mr. HAVEN. The amendment of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts was to reduce the appro-
priation, and certainly 1 was opposed to it.
Mr. DE WITT, by unanimous consent, then
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. SMITH. I now move to amend, by in-
creasing the appropriation one dollar.
Mr. Chairman, I have made up my mind to go
for the amendment of the gentleman from New
York; and as I shall probably have no oppor-
tunity to state why I have thus made up my mind
in the House, because I suppose the matter will
be disposed of there under tne operation of the
previous question, 1 take this opportunity of
stating now the reasons why I shall go font.
We have a very large amount of money on hand
in the Treasury, which is lying unproductive—
paying us no interest whatever. Now, sir, un-
der the contract which I understand has been made,
for the lease of this property for fifteen years, we
shall pay annually interest equal to ten per cent,
upon the money necessary to purchase the prop-
erty. if this amount be appropriated, the prop-
erty is purchased, and the interest is at once ex-
tinguished, instead of paying ten per ccnt , as we
aie now doing. As a financial measure, therefore,
whatever may have been my opinion as to the
propriety of the original contract, I hold it to be
our duty to support the amendment. Looking at
the matter in this light, I shall vote for the amend-
ment, and t hope it will be adopted.
Mr. McMXJLLlN. I am not dtsposed to attack
the Administration, or any member of it. I con-
fess, however, that 1 am opposed to my colleague's
amendment, as well as to the custom-house amend-
ment which has been adopted by the committee.
I am perflc-tly willing to vote legitimate appropri-
ations to Cincinnati, Louisville, and St. Louis;
but 1 cannot yield my assent to appropriations for
the construction of buildings merely to beautify
and adorn those cities. Let me tell the committee
a fact within my own knowledge. There was made
an appropriation of £50,000 to purchase a site, and
erect a custom-house at Norfolk, and that amount
was amply sufficient for the purpose.
1 am told by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means that the whole amount ap-
propriated to the Norfolk custom-house, was
^110,000. The last appropriation was £50,000.
Perhaps I may be in error; but the argument is
the same. If £110,000 be sufficient to puichose a
site, and construct a custom-house at Norfolk,
why is it necessary to appropriate £200,000 each
to Cincinnati, Louisville, and St. Lotus for cus-
tom-houses ?
Gentlemen have the idea that it is necessary
your custom-houses should be built fire-proof.
Let them be fiie-proof; but to make them so it is
not necessary that they should be built of fine
marble, at an enormous expense. Fire-proof
buildings can be constructed of brick, and there
is no necessity for the hauling from a gieatdistance
of marble, or granite, for their construction.
But I must say, m all candor, that I think the
Secretary of the Treasury, in his estimates on
these custom-houses, has far exceeded what was
required for the completion of buildings. Go to
the custom-house at St. Louis. The foundation
has not been laid, and there is only an excavation
there; yet Congress is called on to make most exor-
bitant appropriations, more extravagant than ever
before made, in reference to this particular class of
buildings. My word for it, that gentlemen on
this side of the House, who suppoit these ap-
propriations, will perceive, when it is too late, that
they are held responsible for them.
I hope when we are called to vote on these ap-
propriations m the House, that they may be voted
down. Their adoption will hazaid the bill, and
thus stop the wheels of the Government. 1 for
one am willing to shoulder the responsibility of
defeating the bill, if it is to be loaded down with
these amendments. Gentlemen around me say
that they are willing to do so aiso. This legisla-
tion does not suit me or my constituents. When
gentlemen come to give a record vote, i think these
appropriations will all be voted down. They de-
feated the deficiency bill;and they will jeopardize
the passage of the one under consideration, if
adopted. I hope on the record vote every gentle-
man may be in his place. With a full House we
can vote them down, and with a full House I hope
we may do so.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, then withdrew his
amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the committee
rise.
[Cries of" Oh, no!"]
Mr. FLORENCE. I move then to reduce the
appropriation one dollar.
I do not desire to make factious opposition to
this large appropriation. The sentiment of this
committee, and of the House itself, has bten ex-
pressed alleady this session against this amend-
ment. I made a motion that the committee rise,
and I desire the committee to understand that my
object in doing so was, that we might take up this
subject to-morrow morning, when we may have
a fuller expression by the committee upon this
subject than we can get at this time. I would
have greatly preferred that the appropriation had
been submitted under a recommendation of the
Committee of Ways and Means. Thatis another
reason, independently of the reasons before given,
with which this House and committee aie familiar,
why this appropriation ought not to be made.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence] will nor submit
the motion that the committee rise. If gentlemen
do not take up the time m offering too many
amendments, we may be able to get to a vote upon
the bill by yeas and nays to-morrow morning.
The Committee of Ways and Means at one time
recommended the amendment now offered by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven,] and at
that time I voted for it. I believe it is the best of
the alternatives presented, but I do not intend to
move it again in this bill.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Flor-
ence's amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. HUGHES. I propose to increase the ap-
propriation one dollar.
It was not my intention to have made any re-
marks upon the subject of this appropriation. I
should have left it for gentlemen representing the
city of New York to speak upon this subject.
Living, as I do, far in the interior, and in a re-
mote district of that State—one of those districts
m which residents of the city of New York say
the citizens scarcely know enough to dodge the
omnibuses that thread the streets of New Yotk,
1 feel no immediate or particular interest in this
appropriation. I am eminently national, so far as
my feelings are concerned; and if gentlemen of
the city of New York do not see fit to take care
of their interests in this particular, I am willing
to aid them m doing so.
I do not see the necessity of the overweening
anxiety manifested upon the part of my friends
horn Pennsylvania upon this subject. I cannot
understand it at all. Every time any one has
spoken in favor of this assay office in New York,
gentlemen from Pennsylvania have seen fit to ob-
ject. Is there to be a monopoly in these matters ?
If theie is, it is time the country knesv it, and it
is time that New York knew it, and acted accord-
ingly. I, for one, am willing, in all the great
interests of Pennsylvania, not to call upon the
gods for assistance, but to put ourown shouldeis
to the wheel and assist her in the matter, and ex-
tend to her the same kindness and courtesy which
I would see exercised towards the State of New
York.
It has been said that this amendment does not
come as a recommendation from the Committee
of Ways and Means. But this matter is not
brought before the committee now for the first time.
It was recommended to this committee by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, it was acted upon
and received the indorsement of the House, as it
has also received the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Treasury, it has been called
an eminently wise and just appropriation. Why,
then, do the gentlemen of this committeehesitate
in approving n ? Is it because Pennsylvania puts
