£328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July,
' Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted,^That burial
lots in said cemetery shall not be subject to the
debts of the lot-holders thereof, and the land of the
company dedicated to the purposes of a cemetery
shall not be subject to taxation of any kind.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the said
corporation shall provide for the return, from time
to "time, to the corporation of Washington reports
of all interments made in said cemetery of persons
^0 may have died within the limits of the said
corporation of Washington, in such manner and
according to such forms as may be prescribed
from time to time by the corporation of Wash-
ington. j
• Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That a certifi- j
cate, under seal of the corporation, of the owner- j
ship of any lot aforesaid, shall in all respects have j
the same effect as any conveyance from said cor- |
poration of said lots would have, if executed, 1
acknowledged, and recorded as conveyances of i
real estate are required to be. I
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That nothing |
iff this act shall be so construed as to authorize j
the said corporation to issue any note, token, de-
vice, scrip, or other evidence of debt, to be used
as currency.
* Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall take effect from the passage thereof.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That it may
be lawful for Congress hereafter to alter, amend,
modify, or repeal the foregoing act.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That each of
the stockholders in the said company shall be held
liable in his or her individual capacity for all the
debts and liabilities of the said company, however
contracted or incurred, to be recovered by suit as
other debts or liabilities before the court or tribu-
nal having jurisdiction of the case.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 63.—-An Act for the Relief of the Representatives I
of Joseph Watson, deceased. j
Be it enacted btf the Senate and Howe of Repre- I
senlatives of the United Slates of America in Congress !
assembled, That the Solicitor of the Treasury be, I
ag4 he is hereby,authorized and directed to cause
to be executed on the part of the United States, a
frill release and acquittance of the claim against
Joseph Watson, as one of the sureties of Henry
Ashton, late marshal of the District of Columbia,
and that the property in the City of Washington,
at present held in trust as security for the pay-
ment of said claim, be reconveyed to his legal
representatives free, and discharged from all such
incumbrance: Provided, That they release the
claim against the United States for services ren-
dered by James Watsori, as secretary of the In-
dian department and storekeeper in the Territory
of Michigan.
"Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 64.—An Act for the Relief of the Extcutrix of
th-e late Brevet Colonel A. C. W. Fanning, of the
Unittd States Army.
■ Be it enacted by the Senate and Ifouse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congiess
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury pay
to Mrs. Harriet 0. Read, executrix of the late
Brevet Colonel A. C. W. Panning, of the United
States Army, the sum of five thousand nine hun-
dred and eighty dollars, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, being the
amount claimed by the said executrix to be due
the estate of the said Brevet Colonel Fanning, as
balances of his accounts against the United Slates
for .services rendered in eighteen hundred and
eighteen, and eighteen hundred and twenty-one,
as United States commissioner in receiving and
restoring St. Mark's, and as Indian agent at Forts
Gadsden and St. Mark's from April, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, to December, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-one.
Approved, April 27, 1854. j
No. 65.—An Act for the Relief of John W. Kelly.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and
he is hereby, authorized and directed to have the
accounts of John W. Kelly, late a contractor on
route number three thousand five hundred and
forty, from Bainbridge, Georgia, to Appalachicola,
Florida, audited and settled by the proper account-
ing officers, and to allow the said John W. Kelly
the contract price, stipulated to be paid him, to
wit: the sum of two thousand four hundred dol-
lars per annum, from the first September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, to the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, the day on which
his contract would have expired, deducting there-
from the payments heretofore made the said John
W. Kelly on account thereof; and the sum, when
so ascertained and paid, shall be in full of all
claims which the said John W. Kelly may have
for damages in consequence of the annulment of
his said contract on the twenty-first day of Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, by the
Post Office Department.
Sec. 2. And ie itfurther enacted, That the amount
ascertained to be due the said John W. Kelly be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 66.—An Act for the Relief of William Senna
Factor.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of two thousand dollars
be paid to William Senna Factor, out of any
money in theTreasury not otherwise appropriated,
as indemnity in full for property of Rose Factor,
destroyed by order of the American officers of
the United States Army, in the Seminole war of
eighteen hundred and thirty-six, and for property
taken by such officers for public use in said war:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior shall
first be satisfied that said William Senna Factor
is the legal representative of Rose Factor, de-
ceased: Provided, That the said sum shall be
received in full of all claim on account of the prop-
erty herein mentioned.
Approved, July 27, IS54.
No. 67.—An Act for the Relief of JohnS. Wilson,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to pay to John S.
Wilson the sum of eight hundred dollars, with
interest thereon at the rate of six per centum per
annum, from the seventeenth day of May, eighteen
hundred and twenty-two, in full compensation
to the saitl John S. Wilson, for the damages sus-
tained by being evicted of his title, derived by
patent from the United States, to the east half of I
section twenty-two, and west half of section
twenty-three, in township fifty-two north, of range
one east, of the fifth principal meridian m the State
of Missouri, by the decree of the Supreme Court
of the United States, in favor of the devisees of
Auguste Choteau, at the January term, in the
year eighteen hundred and thirty-five.
Sec. 2. And be.il further enacted, That the money
he>em granted be paid out of any moneys m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 63.—An Act fur the Relief ofAlanuel Hernandez.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oflhe United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Manuel Hernandez be, and he is
hereby, authorized to locate, not to exceed eight
hundred arpentsof land, French measure, accord-
ing to the legal subdivisions, on any of the public
lands in the State of Florida, subject to private
entry, which shall be in full compensation for all ,
the damages he may have sustained in being dis- J
possessed of eight hundred arpents of land, about 1
three miles distant from the mouth of the Escambia
river, lying and situate between the lands of Joseph !
Noriega, and those of the free mulatto named j
Charles, being the same lands that were granted i
to Joseph Hernandez, deceased, by the Spanish !
Government, on the eighth day of October, ei^h- i
teen hundred and seventeen. " 1
Sec, 2. And be it further enacted, ThattheCom- '
missioner of the General Land Office, upon the j
receipt of the certificate of entry frora the register '
of the proper land office, shall cause to be issued '
a patent for the lands authorized to be located by j
this act. !
Approved, July 27, 1S54. |
No. 69.—An Act for the Relief of William Claude '
Jones. i
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- i I
sentalives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized and directed to settle the ac-
count of William Claude Jones against the United
States, for his military services in the United
States Army, and allow him the difference between
the pay of a private, which he did receive, and the
compensation of a commissary of subsistence, to
which he is entitled from the twenty-eighth of
September, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, to
the second of April, eighteen hundred and thirty-
eight, and that the samebe paid out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 70.—An Act for the Relief of Joseph Gonder,
junior, and John Duff.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Navy be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to cause
to be discontinued the suit brought against Joseph
Gonder, junior, and John Duff, in the district
court of the United States for the eastern dis-
trict of Pennsylvania, for the alleged violation of
a contract made on the twentieth day of June,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, to furnish stone
for the dry-dock at the Brooklyn navy-yard.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 71.—An Act for the Relief of Robert Grignon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Iiouse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongres$
assembled, That the Secretary orthe Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
unto Robert Grignon, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
nineteen thousand dollars, m full satisfaction of his
claims against the United States arising out of the
treaty with the Menomonee tribe ornationof In-
dians executed the third day of September, one
thousand eight hundred and thirty-six: Provided,
That before the said money shall be paid to the said
Grignon, the consent of the said tribe of Menom-
onee Indians shall be obtained thereto, which
consent shall be certified by the sub-agent for said
tribe.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 72.—An Act for the Relief of A. G. Bennett.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentativesoj the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury Department, in settling the accounts
of Albert G. Bennett, paymaster in the United
States Army, be, and they are hereby, authorized
and instructed to allow him credit for whatever
sum of money he may prove, to the satisfaction
of the Secretary of War, to have been lost by
him by the burning of the steamboat Volante,
between Vicksburg and Yazoo City, on the
fifteenth of November, eighteen hundred and fifty
three: Provided, The amount shall not exceed the
sum of twelve hundred and eighty-one dollars
and eighty cents.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 73.—An Act for the Relief of Lavinia Taylor.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, instructed to pay to Lavinia
Taylor, widow of the late Isaac Taylor, a private
in the Army of the United States, a sum equal to
five years' pay of her said husband, at the rate to
which he was entitled at the time of his death,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 74.—An Act for the Relief of the Legal Repre-
sentatives of Samuel Prioleau, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, directed to
pay to the legal representatives of Samuel Prio-
leau, late of Charleston, South Carolina, the sum
of six thousand nine hundred and twenty-eight
dollars and sixty cents, being in full compensation
for property taken from said Prioleau, at Charles-
