760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
House, I submitted a proposition that that bill
should be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Upon that occasion the House listened to a clear
and distinct argument against my proposition,
from the chairman of the Committee on Terri-
tories, [Mr. Richardson.] It was an argument
which sought to set the House upon their guard
against the character of the motion I had submit-
ted. The intimation contained in it, in language
by no means disrespectful, however, was that a
secret enmity existed which prompted my action.
The chairman of the Committee" on Territories
urged his proposition with zeal and candor. 1
also submitted the reasons which, in my judg-
ment, rendered a reference to the Committee of
the Whole suitable and proper. In so doing, I
' desired to express, and I thought I had expressed
myself, with perfect frankness, and with entire
clearness in regard to the great subject before us.
The reasons urged by me why the bill ought to
be sent to the Committee of the Whole, were sat-
isfactory to a large majority of the House. Upon
that occasion I observed that there was not a gen-
tleman upon this floor, who has considered the
great principles of the measure, who was a stronger
or more zealous advocate of them than I was.
I urged, however, objections to the bill itself,
and declared that in its present shape it could not
receive my support; nor, in my humblejudgment,
that of a majority of the House. While, there-
fore, I distinctly asserted my adhesion to the car-
dinal principles which weie supposed to be con-
tained in it, 1 was equally frank and equally candid
in saying that the bill required amendment, and a
thorough examination, before it could receive that
support which, in my opinion, its principles
entitled it to. In making that motion, 1 am not
conscious of having employed any language dis-
respectful to any member of this House; more
especially I have no recollection of having at-
tempted to convey insinuations against the moral
honesty of any gentleman who differed from me
upon that occasion.
After the subject had been disposed of, and after
the lapse of some two days, a gentleman from a
slaveholdmg State, [Mr. BiiKCKLViunoE,] who had
had no lot or pat t in this discussion, thought it not
incompatible with his character as a lending mem-
ber of this House, to volunteer an attack upon me
and to assail my motives. Itis true he disclaimed
any intention to impeach them. He, a gentleman
who so much admires candor and fiankness, and
who was so ea^er to strip the cover from a secret
enemy; he, while he thus assailed me, professed to j
say he meant to cast no imputation on my motives,
and yet gave us the illustration of a friend with a
murderous stilletto in his hand, ready to plunge it
into the heart of him around whom his arm was
thrown. He meant no imputation against me!
That gentleman thought he could employ happily
the illustration J used sometime since in icfetence
to a deceir practiced upon an aged and infirm pa-
triarch of old, and declared that I was the Jacob
who was practicing a cheat upon this House. But
he meant not to assail my motives! Oh, no! This
candid, frank, honorable member, who despises
double dealing so much, meant in all this no
imputations upon me!
Mr. Chan man, I take the liberty of differing
with the gentleman from Kentucky. He came
into this House with concentrated wiath, with
bitterness upon his lips, to assail me, a member of
this House, for having, m my place, and upon my
responsibility as a Representative upon this floor,
stated my views as to the direction this bill ought
to take. I proclaimed to the [louse that we at the
North were to take the brunt of the difficulties, of
the outcries that would be raised. I proclaimed
that the bill, in my opinion, if properly under-
stood, was favorable to the North; awl'declarcd
that I thought 1 could satisfy my constituents of
the fact, if a full and ample opportunity svas given
to discuss the measure.
Sir, I was amazed that a gentleman from a slave-
holding State, where ail his constituents were
united upon this subject, who will take him to
their arms and press him to their bosoms for his
advocacy of this measure—that he, coming from
that part of the Union, should have been the per-
son to complain of northern men friendly to the
principles of this hill, who desired merely a fair
opportunity for discussion. Was ihat bi-ionMiig
a Representative fium the South? Wa^ that toucli
a course as a leading gentleman from that section
of the country could be expected to have taken?
Was he warranted in taking it? "Why, sir, it seems
to me that those sentiments which ought to be
cherished by eveiy gentleman worthy of a seat in
this body, would have prompted such a course as
would have given those of us, who, in 1854, (as
in 1848,) will have to take the whole brunt of the
difficulty at home, a fair opportunity of placing
our views upon the measure before our constitu-
ents.
This gentleman has seen fit to upbraid and stig-
matize me for asking that simple, humble priv-
ilege. It was unexpected to me for more reasons
than one. That gentleman had made a favorable
impression upon my friends at home. They are
men whose friendships are always firm and relia-
ble; and in the hour of his greatest need, lie has
had no more prompt and efficient men to aid him
and bid him God speed, than those same gentle-
men who are associated at home with me, and
who are the attempted victims of that member.
Mr. Chairman, let us, for a moment, consider
the grounds upon which the member from Ken-
tucky undertook to put this matter. He charged
me with having made a motion as a secret enemy
of the bill; he charged me with having professed
friendship for the bill, and at the same time taking
a course which would occasion its destruction.
When did that gentleman hear me declare that I
was friendly to the Senate bill ? He was present.
He heard me declare my opposition to it in the
shape in which it came from the Senate, and my
belief that not only myself, but a majority of this
House, would be found against it until amended;
and yet he charged me with pretending to be in
favor of it. Has not that gentleman sufficient
perspicacity of understanding to know the differ-
ence between the principles involved in a measure
and the bill which professes to cairy them out?
And when I declared to the House, befoie the mo-
tion was put, that I was against the bill, but in
favor of the measures which it professed to enact,
how could that gentleman rise upon this floor, two
days afterwards, and undertake to declare that I
had professed to be the friend of this bill? The
charge is against the fact, against the record,
against the published reports of what I did say.
But again: What was the ground of the com-
plaint of the gentleman from Kentucky? That 1
was consigning this measure to the tomb of the
Capulets, by sending it to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, fiom which it
could never again, as he alleged, be letneved.
Was that gentleman sincere in that belief? If so,
and tiiis measure could never again, come before
this body, where was the need of an argument by
the gentleman of an hour for the purjio.se of
proving that the bill ought to pass? Why that
consumption of the time of this House if the gen-
tleman really in his heart believed it would never
again be touched? It was time wasted. It was
time thrown away; and it was hardly worth his
while to have persisted in keeping this committee
together, when they desired to rise, for the pur-
pose of prolonging remarks beyond an attack
upon me merely to satisfy the committee that
they ought to pass the bill, if he believed in his
heart that it v/as never to be acted on at all. No,
; Mr. Chairman; no gentleman acquainted with
! the orders on the Calendar—no gentleman who
| had them before him, as the member from Ken-
1 tucky had, could for a moment have believed that
sending this bill to the Committee of the Whole was
to defer action for this session. Why, had he not
ju«t heard the chairman of the Committee on Terri-
ries [Mr. Richardson] move to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, for the
very purpose of takingup the Nebraska bill ? That
veiy morning, on amotion to go into the Committee
of the Whoie on the state of the Union, the chairman
of the Committee on Territories gave as a reason
that he wished to go down to the Nebraska bill
i reported by his committee and discuss it. Did the
chairman of that committee undertake to make a
motion so preposterous, if it were true that there
was no earthly chance of getting atit? And how
came the gentleman from Kentucky then to inti-
mate to this Bouse, that that which the chairman
of the Committee on Territories had just a^ked
the House to do, was a matter beyond possibility
or chance r .Did not the irentlem.in know when
that motion was made, that it would, if carried,
have piactical rtbulta?
But,again: A frank, and manly,and honorable
gentleman who desires to argue and discuss these
matters on the facts, rises in his place two days
afterwards,and uttered a speech which, he will par-
don me for saying, was not merely inflammatory
in style, but exaggerated m facts. Why, he de-
clared in his place upon this floor that there were
scores and scores of bills ahead of it. Sir, there
was not one score ahead of it. There weie some
eighteen or nineteen bills arid resolutions, ail told,
large and small, of great and little degree, ahead
of it, including all the appropriation bills which
are subject to the control of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, of which the
! gentleman is one. Then why, with that fact in
print staring him in the face, did he declare that
there were scores and scores of bills ahead of it?
Why, says the gentleman fiom Kentucky,
there is a mountain upon the bill which can never
be removed. A mountain upon it! It was the
active imagination of the gentleman that raised
mountains and created scores and scores of bills.
On the fact, and on the record, there was only the
small number that I have stated. When we go
into committee, as we shall do, and take up the
House bill for the organization of the Territories
of Nebraska and Kansas, the gentleman from
Kentucky ought to know that it will be accom-
plishing the project of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Does not the gentleman from Kentucky know
that it was a prearranged and preconcerted under-
standing that we should go into committee on
the House bill because it stood high upon the Cal-
ender, and amend and report it to the House? And
wherein was the inconvenience ofthat course? The
Senate bill would have to be amended in one par-
j tic.ular, at all events, or it never could pass this
j House: and being amended in that particular,
! would have had to be returned to the Senate. Now,
■ I ask the gentleman, if it was the understanding
1 that tiie House bill should be discussed, amended,
' repoited, and sent to the Senate, by what au-
[ thority he proclaims to the country that I, a friend
I of the measure, have undertaken to commit it to
■ its tomb by placing it where there is a mountain
; upon it, and to send that imputation abroad under
| the responsibility of his name, of his station, and of
i his supposed connection with the Administration ?
i Its effect is to cieate a false impression on the public
i mind. What, I ask, was the motive of the gentie-
| man from Kentucky m stating matters which, being
] sent over the wires and through the public press,
; created the impression that I had done an act which
. had rendered it impossible even to discuss the bill
| in committee? Why, I piesume he knew—1 cer-
! tainly knew, and the chairman of the Committee
! on Teriitories knew—it had been announced by
him in the presence and hearing of the gemleman
! that his wish was to discuss the House hill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 do not know how far
the gentleman from New York means to assume
by any silence of mine, that he is stating correctly
the position that I occupy m relation to this bill;
but i deem it due to myself to say that there was
no arrangement—as has been stated in the public
press, and by letter-writeis—come to at a caucus
of the friends of the bill.
Mr. CUTTING. I did not say so.
Mr. RICHARDSON. No such thing ever took
place.
Mr. CUTTING. I did notpretend to say any-
thing of the sort.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The remarks of the
gentleman might lead to the inference that it was
true. My plan was this, and I will state it to the
gentleman and to the country, for I have got no
concealments to make; while we had the bill from
the Senate upon the Speaker's table, in my judg-
ment we could discuss the bill reported by the
Committee nn Territoiies, and perfect it.
Mr. CUTTING. Where?
Mr. RICHARDSON. In Committee of the
Whole, certainly. I will state to the gentleman
truly what were my views about the position of
the bills. "We had the bill from the Senate on
the Speaker's table, where we could reach it di-
rectly almost at any time. We could then discuss
the whole question in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and when v/e had got
through with that discussion, if, in consequence
of factious opposition, the bill fiom the Commit-
to ^ on Territories could not be brought mro the
House, then we had another iemcdy by which
