1854.
TttE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
toil, for the use of the United States, during the
revolutionary war.
■ Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 75.—An^Act for the Relief of the Legal Repre-
sentative of Joshua Kennedy, deceased.'
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
pay to the legal representative of Joshua Kennedy,
deceased, out of any moneys not otherwise ap-
propriated, the sum of six thousand five hundred
dollars, in full compensation for the destruction of
property by the Creek Indians, in the year eigh-
teen hundred and thirteen.
Approved, July 27,1854.
No. 76.—An Act for the Relief of Ira Baldwin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, directed to issue a land warrant, for
three hundred and twenty acres of land, to Ira
Baldwin, a Canadian volunteer, to be located on
any of the unappropriated lands of the United
States which have been offered for sale, and are
subject to entry; and also that the Secretary of
the Treasury pay the said Ira Baldwin one hun-
dred and eighty dollars, for three months'extra
pay, all which shall be full compensation for the
services of said Baldwin in the late war with Great
Britain.
Approved, Juty 27, 1854.
Wo. 77.—An Act for the Relief of the Legal Repre-
sentatives of the late Thomas Chapman, formerly
Collector of the Port of Georgetown, South Carolina.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be paid to the legal repre-
sentatives of Thomas Chapman, formerly collector
of the port of Georgetown, in the State of South
Carolina, out of any money in jthe Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of thirteen thou-
sand-four hundred and fifty-seven dollars and fifty-
fivecents; being the share to which the said Thomas
Chapman was entitled as collector, as aforesaid, of
the cargo of the Swedish ship Diana, condemned
for a breach of the rion-mtercourse act, which was
decreed to be forfeited by the said Thomas Chap-
man, in consequence of his having been examined
as a witness in behalf of the claimant.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 78.—An Act for the Relief of William Miller.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place .the name of
William Miller, of Limington, m the county of
York, and State of Maine, on the roll of invalid
pensioners, and pay to him a pension of ninety-six
dollars per annum, to commence on the tenth day
of February, eighteen hundred and forty-five, and
continue during his natural life.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 79.—An Act for the Relief of Sarah Crandall.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Sarah Crandall, widow of James Coon, on the list
of revolutionary pensioners, and pay her during
her natural life, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, to commenceon the first day of January,
eighteen hundred and forty-eight.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 80.—An Act for the Relief of Thomas Snodgrass.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of two hundred and thirty
dollars be, and is hereby, appropriated, out of any
money in theTreasury not otherwise appropriated,
to reimburse to Captain Thomas Snodgrass, the
expenses by him incurred forateam, and balance
for forage and subsistence furnished to his com-
pany of volunteers while employed as a guard or
escort for a party of emigrating Cherokees in
eighteen hundred and thirty-eight: Provided, Noth-
ng herein contained shall be construed to sanction
any claim of the representatives Of Washington
Smith upon the United States for the same, or any
other sum advanced said Sn '
Approved, July 27, 1854
No. 81.—An Act for the Relief of Mary Carlton.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of Mary Carlton on the list of revolu-
tionary pensioners, at the rate of twenty-four
dollars a year, to commence on the first day of
October, A. D. eighteen hundred and thirty-eight,
and to continue during her natural life.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 82.—An Act for the Relief of Thomas D. Jen-
nings.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Thomas D. Jennings, of Florida,
be, and he is hereby, authorized to enter, at the
minimum price of the public lands, a quantity
of land not exceeding one hundred and sixty
acres, comprising the improvement, on which his
late father, Lawrence D. Jennings, resided be-
fore his death, on due proof being presented to
the register of the proper land office that he would
have been entitled to a preemption but for the re-
moval of the family after the death of the father.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 83.—An Act for the Relief of Joseph Mitchell.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Amei ica in Congress
assembled, That the proper officers of the Govern-
ment be, and they are hereby, authorized and
directed to examine the claim of Joseph Mitchell,
of the State of Maine, a soldier in the late war
with Great Britain, for bounty land, and for
arrearages of pay and bounty,and that they issue-
to him a warrant for such land, and pay him such
arrearages as would be his due if he had received
an honorable discharge on the expiration of his
term of enlistment at the close of the war.
Approver, July 27, 1854.
No. 84.—An Act for the Relief of Charles Cooper
and Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congi ess
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury Department be, and they are hereby,
authorized and directed to pay, out of any money
in the Treasury not. otherwise appropriated, to
Charles Cooper and Company, of Bangor, Maine,
the sum of three hundred dollars, in full, for in-
terest due to them from the United States on a
liquidated amount of thirty thousand nine hundred
and eighty-nine dollars, payable by contract, on
the thirteenth day of August eighteen hundred
and fifty, and then duly required, but withheld
until the twelfth of October following, for want of
an appropriation therefor.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
river, in the parish of Caldwell," State of Louisi-
ana, which was conveyed by the claimant of' the
Maison Rouge Grant to Bagwell Baily, in eigh-
teen hundred and eighteen, for cutting a road
through said grant, and has remained in the pos-
session of, and in cultivation by, said Baily and
his successors to the present time, and is rtow a
part of the plantation of said King; on which he
has resided for many years; and that a patent
issue to him for it, after a legal survey is made
and returned, under the direction of the surveyor
general: Provided, That this act. shall amount only
to a relinquishment of title on the part of the Uni-
ted States.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 87.—An Act for the Relief of John P hag an.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, Thatthesum of fourhundred and forty-
four dollars be paid to John Phagan, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, in full payment for his services in taking
charge of a delegation of Seminole Indians, and
removing them from Florida to the country west
of the Arkansas.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 88 —An Act for the Relief of Passed Midshipman
George P. Welsh and Clatk H. Wells.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officer of
the Treasury pay to Passed Midshipman George
P. Welsh three hundred and forty-one dollars and
sixty-six cents,and to Passed Midshipman Clark
H. Wells, three hundred and forty-two dollars
and ninety-three cents, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 85.—An Act for the Relief of James Dunning.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives -of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury Department be, and they are hereby,
authorized and directed to pay to James Dunning,
two hundred and fifty-five dollars and ninety-eight
cents, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, in full, for interest due to
him from the United States, on a liquidated amount
of thirteen thousand four hundred and seventy-
two dollars and sixty-two cents, payable by con-
tract on the eighteenth day of June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty, and then duly required, but with-
held until the twelfth of October following, for
want of an appropriation therefor.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 89.—An Act for the Relief of Thomas S. Russell.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress -
assembled,-That the proper accounting officers of'
the Treasury audit the account of Thomas S.' Rus-
sell, late an assistant commissary of subsistence
in Colonel Brisbane's regiment of Florida volun-
teers, and pay whatever amount may be found
due to him, out of any money in'the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, notwithstanding the
irregularity of his appointment, and although his
name does not. appear upon the rolls as one'of the
staff of Colonel Brisbane: Provided, The amount
shall not exceed the pay of an assistant commis-
sary of subsistence from the eighteenth ofFebru-;
ary, eighteen hundred and thirty-six, to the tenth
of May, eighteen hundred and thirty-six.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 86 —An Act for the Relief of Richard King.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Richard King be, and he is hereby,
confirmed in his title to two hundred and forty
arpentsoflandon the eastern bank of the Ouachita
No. 90.—An Act to create and provide a Pension
for David Towle.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That David Towle, of the county of.
Oxford, and State ofMaine, be,and he is hereby,
placed on the pension roll, at eight dollars per
month, from the fifth day of April, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-eight.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 91.—An Act for the Relief of Mis. Satly T. B.
Cochrane, Widow of the late Lieutenant R. E.
Cochrane, United States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be paid, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of one hundred and fifty dollars to Mrs. Sally
T. B. Cochrane, widow of Lieutenant R. m.
Cochrane, late of the United States Army, the
value of a horse belonging to said Cochrane,
which was used for express riding in the public
service by order of Lieutenant Colonel Garland,.
United States Army, at Fort Smith, in eighteen
hundred and forty-one, and died in consequence
of said service.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 92..—An Act authorising Victor Morass to relin-
