1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2331
canopy, Florida, in the year eighteen hundied
and thirty-six, by order of Lieutenant CoIoneiB.
K. Pierce, thecomrnnnding officer of that post, to
prevent them from failing- into the bands of the
enemy, and that theamountso ascertained be paid
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated: Provided^ The amounts so to be
paid shall not exceed two thousand four hundred
and eighty-two dollars and thirty-two cents, in the
case of James Edwards; one thousand eight hun-
dred and twelve dollars and fifty cents, in the case
of the late Edward M, Wanton, or eight hundred
dollars in the case of the late Nehemiah Brush.
Approves, July 27, 1854.
No. JOT.—*fJn Act for the. Relief of Sylvester T.
Jerauld, Assignee of the interest of Henry Richard.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the location numbered one hun-
dred and eighteen, containing four hundred acres,
in township one south of range ten west of the
second meridian, Indiana, which has been made
in favor of jNathaniel Ewing as assignee of the
claim number fourteen hundred and ninety-nine,
entered in favor of the heirs of H. Richard in the
report dated thirty-first December, eighteen hun-
dred and nine of the commissioners at Kaskaskia,
Illinois, be, and the same is hereby, confirmed,
and the President of the United States is hereby
authorized, upon the production to the General
Land Office of a patent certificate from the register
at Vincennes, Indiana, for said claim, to cause a
patent to be issued therefor to the said Sylvester
T. Jerauld as assignee of the interest of the ori-
ginal claimant: Provided, That this act, and the
patent which may be granted in pursuance of the
same, shall only operate as a relinquishment on
the part of the United States, and shall in no way
prejudice any valid adverse right, if such exist, to
the said land.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
Joseph Campau a patent for the lands so described
in such survey: Provided, That this act shall only
be construed to be a relinquishment on the part of
the United States, and shall not interfere with the
rights of third persons.
Approved, July 27, 1854.
No. 108—An Act for the Relief of James fVormsley. ^
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- j
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress :
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be, j
and he is hereby ,awthorized and directed to place '
the name of James Wormsley on the roll of revo- (
lutionary pensioners, and pay him the sum of j
ninety-six dollars per annum from the fourth of <
July, one thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, j
and during his natural life. j
Approved, Jaly 27, 1854. j
No. 1U.—An Act for the Relief of John S. Jones
and William IL Russell, surviving partners of the
firm of Brown, Russell and Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War cause to be
settled and adjusted the claims for losses of oxen
and wagons sustained by the above named John
S. Jones and William H. Russell, surviving part-
ners of Brown, Russell and Company, in the
transportation of military stores from Fort Leaven-
worth to Santa Fc, subsequent to the arrival of the
trains containing said stores at the place called
San Jose or Big Canon; and also the amounts
paid by, or on account of, said persons for forage
for the cattle used in said transportation, and for
the hire of extra men and teams for the purpose
of said transportation subsequent to the time
aforesaid; and that he allow so much of the same
s may be satisfactorily proven: Piovided, The
whole amount allowed do not exceed thirty-eight
thousand eight hundred dollars: And provided
jarther, That, in making the proof of the amount
paid out" by them, or on their account, for forage
for the cattle and for extra men and teams used
in the transportation aforesaid, it shall be suffi-
cient for the parties aforesaid to make satisfactory
proof of tke aggregate amount so paid and ex-
pended. And that the said Secretary be authorized
to examine the claims of said persons for services
rendered in said transportation, and to allow such
sum, not exceeding the pay and emoluments of
assistant quartermasters, for the time necessarily
employed m said business, not exceeding six
months; and that the account so allowed be paid
to said persons, or their legal representatives, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated.
Approved, July 29, 1854.
No. 109.—An Act for the Relief of Samuel H. j
Hempstead. '
Be it enaited by the Senate and House of Repre- \
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Cong i ess
assembled) That the sum of eighteen hundred do!- !
lars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to pay Samuel H. Hempstead, for
extra services rendered by him in defending the
title of the United States to certain lands situated
in the State of Arkansas.
Approuj), July 27, 1854.
No. 1J0.—An Act for the Relief of Joseph Campau.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
usscmbled) Tnat the Commissioner of the General
Land Office cause a patent to he issued to Joseph
Campau, for that tract of land lying in township
number six noith. of range seventeen east, in the
State of Michigan, and described as follows, to
wit: sixteen arpents by forty, French measure,
commencing at a point on the south border of the
river Au Delude, about two miles from its conflu-
ence with the river Sr. Ctair, and thence up stream,
upon sjiid river Delude, sixteen arpents: thence at
right angles with the said river Delude, to the dis-
tance of forty arpents; thence in rear sixteen ar-
pents; thence to the place of beginning by a line
of forty arpents in length.
Sir. 2. ,7m*/ be it further enacted, That if the
above description be not sufficiently definite, as
to determine the precise boundaries of the said
lands, the said commissioner shall cause the said
tract of land to be surveyed without delay, and
upon the filing of the said survey, together with
a pint thereof,"in the proper office, the said com-
missioner shall cauae to be issued to the said
No. 112.—An Act for the Relief of tkt Pine Gr<<ve
Academy, in Louisiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep)e- j,
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress L
assembled, That the president, directors,and trus- 'j
tees, of the Pine Grove Academy, in the parish \\
of Caldwell, Louisiana, be, and they are hereby, ^
confirmed in their title to the lot of forty acres of I
J land on which said academy is situated, near Co-
j iumbia, donated to them by Hy-ams, Chew and
! McCoy, claiming under the iVlaison Rouge grant, i;
i in eighteen hundred and thirty-rune, as more par- >!
! ticularly described in the act of donation; and that j \
| the said president, directors, and trustees, beaiso, ;|
j and they are hereby, confirmed in their title to a ^
certain tract or parcel of land, situated in said j1
1 parish of Caldwell, with about one mile front on
; the west bank of tne OuaehHa river, and running J;
] west between five and six miles, and known as ji
Si lot number twenty-three, m the plat number one, \
; of the Maison Rouge grant, surveyed by^John p
,! Dinsmore, a deputy surveyor of the United States, j'
■ I containing about four thousand acres, donated to !
I them by Daniel W. Coxe, one of the claimants ;;
u of said grant, in eighteen hundred and thirty- j'
nine, and that patents he issutd to them for said ,
,1 lands, after a legal survey, under the instructions },
•' nf the surveyor general of Louisienp: Provided, j;
i That this act shall amount only to a relinquish- !
J ment of title on the part of the United States, and ;
1 that it shall not be construed to interfere m any j
! manner with the rights of settlers on said lands j'
J at the date of this act. ,
j Approved, July 29, 1854.
\ | *■ ~* s
jj iVo. 113.— An Act for the Compensation of James,
IT". Low, and ot/u>s,for the capture of the British l
private-anned Schooner Ami, during the late ai
with Great Britain. .
Be. it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasuiy be, ,
'! and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay to j
J times W. Low, William Driskill, Soumei- ;
1 land, and  Stenchen, or to such persons
|| may'be legally authorized to receive the same.
heirs or legal representatives, the sum of two thou«
sand five hundred and seventy dollars and thirty-
cents, that being the amount paid into the Treasury
of the United States, and placed to the account of
fines, penalties, and forfeitures,- in consequence of
a suit, entitled the United States vs. the schooner
Ann and cargo, in the district court of Maine, De-
cember, eighteen hundred and fourteen, the said
sehooner'Kaving been risen upon and captured by
the aforesaid named persons, from the British,
and delivered to the proper authorities of the Uni-
ted States, in the State of Maine, to be paid to
the said James W. Low and his associates afore-
said, their heirs or assigns, in the following pro-
portions, to wit: to the said James W. Low, for
having planned the enterprise and directed the
capture of the vessel, as first officer of the prize,
eight parts; to William Driskill, as second or as-
sistant officer, four parts; and to Southerland and
Stenchen, as seamen or sailors, two parts each.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be tbe duty of the Secretary of tile Treasury, im-
mediately after the passage of this act, to give
public notice thereof, by advertisement, for three
months, in such newspapers as he shall think will
be most likely to give proper information to the
persons so entitled to apply for their respective
shares; and if, after the expiration of six months
from the passage of this act, any of the said claim-
ants, or their heirs, or legal representatives, shall
not have applied for their respective proportions
of the sum hereby appropriated, the same shall
be paid to such as shall have applied within that
period, pro rata, according to their relative propor-
tions as aforesaid, or tcr their heirs or assigns
respectively: Provided, That any one or more of
said claimants may apply for their own propor-
tions in the first instance, at any time after the
passage of this act.
Approved, July 29, 1854.
No. 114.—An Act for the Relief of Purser T. P.
JflcBlair.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Co>igres3
assembled, Tnat. the accounting officers of the
Treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized and
directed, in adjusting the accounts of Purser T. P.
McBlair, to allow him the several sums piid by
him aspurser of the United States steamer Prince-
ton, to Witliara Taylor, acting boatswain, to John
Cole, acting carpenter, and to Armstrong Fiom-
erfeit, acting sailmsiker, who were employed on
said steamer by the commanding officer thereof,
by authority from the Secretary of the Navy, and
which said sums were disallowed by the account-
ing officers of the Treasury, for the reason that
the said persons to whom the payments were made
were not included in the number permitted by law,
of officers of the grades to which they were re-
spectively appointed.
Approved, July 29, 1854. ■!
No. 115 —An Act for the Relief of John Frazer and
the Administrator of the Estate of John ■ Clen-
demn, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officer of
the Treasury pay to John Frazer and the admin-
istrator of the estate of John Gr. Clendemn, the
amount expended by said Frazer and Clendenin,
or either of them, in the purchase of the west half
of the northwest quarter of section thirteen, town-
ship two north, of range three west, m the State
of Indiana, together with interest thereon; and
also the amount paid by said Frazer and Clen-
denin, or either of them, m defending their title to
said land, with interest thereon: Provided, however,
That, before payment be made under the provis-
ions of tiiis act, said accounting officer of the
Treasury shall be satisfied by proof as to the
amount expended by said Frazer and Clendemn
in purchasing said tract of land, and prosecuting
their title thereto: And provided further. That in
estimating the amount paid by said parties for the
purchase of said land, no more shall be allowed
than the United States received therefor, with in-
terest thereon; and, in estimating the amount ex-
pended by them in defending their title to the land,
the sum allowed shall not exceed seventy-five dol-
^arS!-
i Approved, duly 29, lb.>4.
