1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
t63
Will the gentleman from New York avow that
any act of any Administration—that forty Presi-
dents or forty Cabinets—could drive him from
his firm ^elf-poised center on any public question
on which he had formed his opinion ? For my-
self, sir, I tell him that his insinuation was
wholly gratuitous. I believe that the present
Administration is honestly in favor of this meas-
ure. I was glad of it; and will support them
as long as they stand by it. But if they had been
against the measure, I would be no less for it; and
if the worst enemy I had on earth was in favor of a
measure which I believe to be right, he could not
drive me from it, for that would make me his slave.
No, sir, he could not drive me from its support.
Mr. Chairman, I wish the gentleman from New
York distinctly to understand that I have no more
connection with this Administration than any other
gentleman on this floor; that I owe it nothing,
and that I expect to owe it nothing, beyond the
obligations due from us all to those who exe-
cute the laws with fidelity, i tell the gentleman
to cool his diseased and fevered fancy; that I
am not aware that anybody wants to drive him
from the support of this measure; certainly the
Administration has never so far forgotten its own
character and my position as to make such a re-
quest. Does this indicate the gentleman's notion
of the duties belonging to the representative char-
acter? Sir, my personal pretensions are humble
enough; but I tell him that, clothed with the maj-
esty of the people I represent, I stand here in my
place to-day the peer of Presidents and of Cabi-
nets. [Applause in the Hall and galleries.] Let
the gentleman put this idea out of his head; let
him suppose that the gentleman from Kentucky
can be animated by higher motives of action than
hostility to men in his support of or opposition to
measures; and that no President and no Cabinet
can make him go for what he believes to be
•wrong, or drive him from the support of what he
believes to be right. No, sir; so far from desiring—
and I may as well state it here—so far from desir-
ing that the gentleman should be driven from the
support of this bill, it was with the profoundest
grief and mortification that I witnessed his course
the other day. I had listened to debates here
for days, and weeks almost, on the part of that
gentleman and others, in which he traced the pub-
lic course of what is called the National party
of New York and of the other party, and though
I was opposed to bringing that question on the
floor of Congress, [ could not, as a southern man,
refuse my sympathy and good feeling to those
men at the North who had always stood by our
constitutional rights. So far from ever making
war upon those who are technically called "Hards "
my sympathy and feelings were ever with them.
Hence the bruise, hence the wound, hence the
mortification which pervaded that part of the Hall
friendly to the bill, and especially that part from
the South, when they saw the gentleman from
New York turn a sharp corner, turn his back
upon his fofmer course—enter into alliance with
the enemies of the measure, Abolitionists and all,
and play the leading part in a scheme which every
man in the House with five grains of common
sense must know was intended or calculated to
smother it.
Sir, all the ingenuity, all the verbiage, that forty
lawyers, who had had a practice of forty years
each, could pile upon it could not remove the few
salient striking points which worked conviction m
the minds both of friend and enemy of the meas-
ure that the act of the gentleman from New York
was an act of hostility.
One other thing, Mr. Chairman, and only one
other I am not sure that I understood the gen-
tleman from New York, after classifying himself
and all the " Hards " together, as if he was
speaking for them all; though I do not suppose
the gentleman is authorized to speak for anybody
but himself—most people are not 
Mr. WALSH, (in a low voice.) He has no
authority to speak for one of them.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Thegentleman from
New York said that I was the last individual in
this House who ought to have made what he
called that "assault" upon him; because, said
he, " in the day of the gentleman's greatest need,
the ' Hards ' of New York were those who came
to his aid." The inuendo is so very deep that I
do not clearly comprehend it; and 1 therefore call
upon the gentleman to explain it.
Mr. CUTTING. An explanation being asked
for by the gentleman himself, will now naturally
be given. 1 am informed that, during the canvass
in Kentucky, it being intimated that funds would
be needed in order to accomplish the success of
thegentleman, we—my friends in New York, the
Hards—made up a subscription of some $1,500,
and transmitted the fund to Kentucky, to be em-
ployed for the benefit of thegentleman who is now
the " peer of Presidents ana Cabinets."
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Yes, sir; and the
peer of the gentleman from New York; fully, and
in every pespect, his peer. [Applause in the Hall,
and cries of " Order! Order!"]
Mr. WALSH. Will the gentleman from Ken-
tucky allow me a moment to respond to the gen-
tleman from New York?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will yield to the
gentleman soon. I desire to say another word just
here in further reply.
Mr. WALSH. I only wish a moment.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. WALSH. I believe I have as good aright
to speak for the " Hards " of New York as any
gentleman upon this floor, or off of it. I have
stood, sir, and stemmed the torrent of treason at
the North when gentlemen who have subsequently
attempted to speak for them have skulked from
crossing the threshold of places where meetings
were held. I do not want an imputation of this
character thrown out by the gentleman from New
York, [Mi. Cutting,] to go forth unexplained to
the world. When we came here, we protested at
the course puisued by the Administration, in inter-
fering with our local affairs in New York; and
now one of my colleagues states that a portion of
those who cooperated with him have been guilty
of thesameact, in interfering with the local affairs
of Kentucky.
Mr. CUTTING. Is that all that the gentleman
from New York rose for?
Mr. WALSH. That is all now. Ishallbeon
hand again by-and-by.
Mr. CUTTING. It is always " by-and-by,"
with that gentleman.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I do not want a tel-
egraphic dispatch sent out of this city to the effect
that thegentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Breck-
inridge] ostentatiously assumed to be the peer
of Presidents and of Cabinets; but 1 repeat, in
every matter concerning my legislative duty, I
stand surrounded by the majesty of my constitu-
ents, and as such, am the peer of both Presidents
and Cabinets.
As to the personal matter introduced by the
gentleman from New York, that I had received
aid from the " Hards" of New York 
Mr. CUTTING, (interrupting.) State my
proposition as I gave it. You called upon me dis-
tinctly, and 
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, (resuming.) The
gentleman in his speech to which I am now reply-
ing, said I ought to be the last man in this House
to say anything unkind to them, because that m
the day of my greatest need, they had afforded me
aid.
Mr. CUTTING. That you are the last person
from whom I expected it.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. An unimportant ver-
bal difference. The point was this, that I was
not the man to do it, because m the day of my
greatest need the " Hards" of New York had ren-
dered to me valuable aid.
The language and the manner were so pointed
that no gentleman in this House could fail to per-
ceive that the member from New York meant
something more than appeared upon the surface;
and as I never choose that inuendoes of that sort
shall go unexplained, I demanded what he meant.
"Well,"said he,"if the gentleman calls for it, I
will tell hnn;" and then, with his characteristic
candor, he protests that this statement was ex-
tracted from him upon the floor of this House?
And what was his statement when he came to it!
That he has understood that during my last can-
vass intimations were sent to the city of New
York that funds were required in that race; and
that in response to the call, his friends, the Hards
of New York, made up about §1,500, and sent
them on to Kentucky to promote my election.
Mr. Chairman, before I reply to this statement,
I have to say that it was his business to know the
truth of what he uttered before he made such a
statement upon this floor. Sir, I never aslted for
money from New York, nor did I ever receive ,
any. Neither, sir. I was engaged in an arduous
and heated canvass, and was but little at home.
My friends managed the canvass for me while I
was traversing the district by day and by night,
addressing assemblies of the people. I do not
undertake to say what the fact may be in regard
to this contemptible charge—it is enough to say
that it touches me personally nowhere—and that
I asked from them nothing, and received nothing.
No, sir; I came here not by the aid of money, tut
in spite of it; and as I am obliged to make some
allusion to the facts connected with that canvass,
I have to say that-1 happen to represent a district-
in which the money power of the Commonwealth
is concentrated, and that money power in the
hands of my opponents. It was loudly proclaimed
in the public streets of the city in which I live that
I should be defeated if it cost $50,000 to do it; and I
can tell the member from New Yoi k that at least
$30,000 were spent for that purpose, and, as the
event shows, spent in vain. No, sir, I was elected
by a majority of more than five hundred votes—
a number greater than all Wall street could con-
trol in my district. [Applause.]
Mr. Chairman, 1 have been thinking, even
while making these remarks, what is the proper
course to pursue towards a man who can so far
outrage all propriety as to bring such a matter
before this House. I had intended, at one time,
to characterize his conduct in terms of the great-
est severity, but perhaps it is well enough to omit
it. Perhaps the advantage I have gained, and the
united condemnation of all honorable men, will
be punishment enough, if, indeed, he has the sen-
sibility to feel it. I dare say that such a thing
was never before heard of in the House of Rep-
resentatives—never. Why, sir, I never associ-
ated with a man who would make a reference of
that sort at all, still less with one who would
make it solely on rumor, and then, when called
on to explain himself, would attempt to throw the
responsibility of introducing it into the House
upon the gentleman against whom the inuendo
was leveled.
But, sir, 1 have trespassed long enough upon
the indulgence of the committee. I submit, in
conclusion, that the member from New York has
been revealed to the House in alliance with the
enemies of this measure, and their selected instru-
ment in leading a movement to smother it, and
that all his verbosity and evasions have failed to
extricate him. If he is really the friend of the
measure, he will have abundant opportunities to
show it. For myself, being sincerely its friend,
I should rejoice to unite with him in voting for it.
I feel, sir, that I have discharged my duty,as one
of the humblest of its advocates, in exposing a
line of conduct calculated to destroy it.
Mr. CUTTING. Is the gentleman through?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I am, sir.
Mr. CUTTING. I have given, Mr. Chairman,
to the gentleman from Kentucky an opportunity
to indulge in one of the most violent, one of the
most inflammatory, one of the most personal as-
saults that has ever been known upon this floor.
I offered at the time to give the gentleman, while
his rage was boiling over, the opportunity to let
the hot words roll out. When 1 asked that the
other day, after he had got through with his^ re-
marks in regard to me, a colleague from New
York thought it worthy of him to undertake to
object and prevent me from getting the floor.
Now, what is the answer the gentleman from
Kentucky gives ? I chaiged him with having as-
sailed my motives. 1 charged him, at the same
time, with having undertaken to deny it. The
committee have heard his answer. I ask whether,
from the beginning to the end, it has not been,
an impeachment and imputation on my inten-
tions and my motives in making that motion?
I ask the gentleman from Kentucky how he can
reconcile it to himself to disclaim any attack on
me when he follows it up in the manner which we'
have all witnessed this afternoon, declaring that
my intention and my motive was to destroy the
bill, or the measure to which I professed friend-
ship ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Does the gentleman
say, in the presence of the committee, that I said
any such thing?
Mr. CUTTING. I submit it to the committee
