1474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
trict of Columbia, and put into the hands of an in-
dividual Senator, who is to appear partially, in
all probability, to argue the question as a law-
yer ?
In opposing this practical measure,which ought
to be granted under the circumstances, George-
town is going against her own interests. My
friend from Indiana [Mr Bright] and myself,
both, whenever we have had an opportunity, have
declared that we should be willing to go for a
bridge at the " Three Sisters." We have done
all that men can do. But Georgetown is now
going against her own interest in thus opposing
the public convenience. I hope the bill will not
be ordered to lie upon the table.
Mr. PRATT. I was very unfortunate in the
remarks which I made, or certainly my friend
from Georgia did not correctly understand them,
and has not replied to them. He distinctly ad-
mits, as does the Senator from Virginia, that he
is in favor of removing the Long Bridge as a nui-
sance in point of health to the citizens of Wash-
ington, and as a great inconvenience and positive
injury to the citizens of Georgetown. They are
both m favor of removing the bridge. Now, their
proposition is to authorize a railroad to be made
over it. I apprehend, Mr. President, that it would
be a better policy to suffer the present mode of
communication to continue as it is, in view of their
own opinion that the bridge ought to be removed.
If it be a nuisance in point ol health to the people
of Washington, if it be an injury inflicted by the
legislation of Congress upon the people of George-
town, it ought to be removed at once, and we
ought not to give to the public the idea that the
bridge is to be continued, by authorizing a rail-
road to be made over it. My friend from Geor-
gia, as well as my friend from Virginia, points
to the great importance of having the road con-
structed. I ask the attention of the honorable
Senator from Georgia, and 1 ask the attention of
the Senate to whatl stated before in reference to
this question of convenience. Where is the public
importance of this connection ? My friend from
Georgia saysthat in Baltimore they have, through
the streets of the city, a connection by railroad
cars, and that they have the same in Philadelphia,
My friend is undoubtedly mistaken with reference
to both those places.  Theygoin omnibuses from
the terminus where the passengers are carried m
railroad cars, both in Philadelphia and Baltimore, a
longer distance than they are now carried in om-
nibuses between the two points here.
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senator whetherboth
in Baltimore and Philadelphia, for several years,
the cars brought to the city by locomotives were
not taken into the city by horse power, until they
were enabled to peifect an arrangement to carry
their locomotives into the city ? That is the very
thing which is proposed to be done here—that the
company shall be allowed to bring the same cars
across the bridge into the city of Washington, to
connect with the Baltimore road, by horse power,
until the two cities and Congress can agree where
they will build a permanent bridge to bring the
locomotive in.
Mr. PRATT. Prior to the recent change of
the depot in Baltimore, the railroad cars were
drawn by horse power down Pratt street from the
intersection with Light street, in the center of the
city. That depot was changed; and I stxy now,
from all the business portion of the city, from
that portion of it to which my friends from Geor-
gia and Virginia go to their hotels, they are obliged
to go in omnibuses or carriages just as far as pas-
sengers coming now from the North would be
obliged to go to this bridge to connect with the
southern railroad in Virginia. As 1 understand,
it is the same at Philadelphia; it is certainly so in
Baltimore to my own knowledge.
Mr. DAWSON. I would inquire whether pas-
sengers going to Philadelphia do not go through
the city, from the Washington depot to the Phil-
adelphia depot, in cars?
Mr. PRATT. Going to Philadelphia?
Mr. DAWSON. Certainly. I am speaking
of the passengers going to Philadelphia.
Mr. PRATT. That may be so in going to
Philadelphia; but I rpeak of goingfrom this point
here. My honorable friend from Georgia spoke
of the delay and inconvenience which is caused to
the traveling community here. I ask any gentle-
man whether he would not prefer, after riding for
, traveling public. 1 think that one of the greatest i tnmly that at Philadelphia is nearly twice as great,
a day in a railroad car, the change from the cars
into a carriageor omnibus, to travel 8 mile or half
amile. I certainly should. It is a matter of taste;
but there is certainly no gre&t public convenience
involved in it. The use of the horse cars does
not make the passengers go more rapidly from
one depot to another. The cars are undoubtedly
to be drawn by horse-power alone, and they will
not go any faster from one depot to the other than
the omnibuses or carriages drawn, by the horses
will go. Public convenience, therefore, whether
on account of the mails or of the passengers, ex-
ists, I humbly apprehend, only in the taste or
imagination of my honorable friend.
Mr. RUSK, i shall vote against ordering the
bill to he on the table, and shall vote for the bill
very cheerfully. I shall do so on two grounds.
One is, that it proposes to make an experiment,
without any cost to the Government, of a new in-
vention, by which great grades can be overcome
with safety. There are many persons who be-
lieve this can be ellected by the plan proposed by
the gentleman who it? to build this road. After
investigation, I happen to be one of those who
think it will be successful; and if it should turn
out to be so on this experiment, without cost to
us or damage to anybody, it will be a matter of
vast importance to the public generally in refer-
ence to railroads.
Theie is another reason why I shall vote for the
bill. It is for the benefit and convenience of the
come that grade in any way, unless it is by some
new plan which has been discovered.
Mr. RUSK. A plan has been discovered.
Mr. WALKER. It has been discovered then
by the person of whom the Senator speaks; but,
in my opinion, the cut will have to be made there,
and continued from that point until you reach the
canal, thus utterly ruining that street. You will
then have to cross Pennsylvania avenue. Any
one who will take the least trouble, if he does not
already know it, to inform himself of the topog-
raphy of the city, will see that what I say must
be the result. &
But, sir, suppose the cars stop* at the further
end of the Long Bridge, the transportation by om-
nibus would not then, I believe, exceed one half
the distance which the passengers in Philadelphia
in the evening train at least, have to travel to go
to the New York depot, as they take the omnibus
j at the Broad street or Schuylkill depot, and are
, taken clear up to Kensington, I believe, about six
i miles.
! Mr. CHASE. Five miles.
[ Mr. WALKER. Five, the Senator from Ohio
i says. That is the way Philadelphia manages.
I When you get to Baltimore, you stop at the
! Washington depot, within sight of the city, to
leave the cars and pass into horse cars which take
^ you clear from the city limits to the Philadelphia
depot, where you again take the cars. Either of
. them is a greater distance, I should think, cer-
mistakes which railroad companies have made
and one of the greatest abuses to which travelers
by railroads are subjected, is the influence that
particular cities and towns have in being made
stopping places. It is the cause of the loss of
time and money. Every inducement is held out
to the passengers for the purpose of inducing the
spending of money.
The question, in my mind, presented by the
bill, is between a gieat public benefit on the one
side, and the interests of Georgetown on the other;
and if you will accomplish only the great public-
benefit, and throw in not only the interests of
Georgetown, but the interests of Washington,
and the interests of Baltimore, and half a dozen
other cities,! think we should look to that benefit
which will result from it, m preference to a local
benefit to a particular city.
Mr. WALKER. I do not think I shall be able
to vote for this bill; and 1 wish to state the rea-
sons why I shall not. I do not think that these
railroad companies would have any great desire
for the connection, unless it were a benefit to them-
selves. I feel entirely indisposed, in the first
place, to extend a benefit to any such monopoly
as that which constitutes the road from here to
Baltimore. I think there is no greater imposition
upon the community than that which it is enabled
to piactice. Until very recently, we had to pay
for traveling from this city to Baltimore, on this
railroad, the very highest rate of stage fare. Foi
a long time, the fare was six and a fourth cents
per mile, and more recently, we have had to pay
four and a half cento a mile. The company then
reduced the fare to $1 25; but, wh^n one of the
Senators from Delaware and myself had occasion
to pass over the road, not long since, and when
we made application for our tickets, we found, if
not to our gratification, at least to our surprise,
! that the company had been so gracious a3 to pop
j the fare up to 50, making it three and three-
| fourths cents per mile to Baltimore. If there is
' any way to restuct that company in that species
! of oppression and imposition, and they can be
1 brought to it, I shall be willing to give them favors;
but 1 am not willing to extend to them favors for j
practicing such egregious impositions. j
' This road may not be the one particularly in- !
' terested in this connection, but it is evidently i
1 interested to a considerable extent. When that I
| corporation is willing to do right, it may then, j
j with clean hands and with better grace, ask that j
j Congress may extend favors to it. But let us look j
j at thi3 matter again. This road is to be permitted j
! to pass through Washington city. K is to pass i
up the streets, across Pennsyvania avenue, and i
I then to the Baltimore depot. Any person who is ;
■ acquainted with the topography of the city in the ;
; vicinity of the Long Bridge, will know that to |
| construct a railroad there, one street of the city j
i at least must be ruined as a street, for there will ;
i have to be a deep cut made. They cannot over- !
than the distance from the Baltimore depot in this
city to the further end of the Long Bridge. Then,
taking into consideration these three points, the
injury to the streets of the city, the gratification
it will affoid to an already turbulent and over-
bearing corporation, and the fact that the mode of
conveyance through the city now subjects the
passengers to no greater inconvenience than they
experience anywhere else, I shall vote against
the bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. The question of maintaining
the Long Bridge has been a subject of debate in this
body for years past. I have uniformly voted
j against appropriations^) maintain it, on theground
i that I regard it as a public nuisance. \ recollect
j that some two years ago we voted down a prop-
| osition to repair it, on the ground that it was
! a public nuisance, and that, in justice to the ciu-
j zens of Georgetown and others interested, it
; ought not to be maintained. Subsequently, how-
! ever, the vote was reconsidered, and an appro-
j priation made, which prepared the bridge for
I travel for the time being. Sir, I am familiar with
! this question, for I speak as a member of the Com-
i mittee on the District of Columbia. When we
j met yesterday morning four were present; three
: of whom were in favor of this proposition, and
] one against it. I opposed it on the ground that
I if this company should have the privilege pro-
| posed to be granted under the bill, it will, to a
i certain extent, exclude the ordinary travel of the
! country. That bridge is insecure now for the or-
' dinary travel of the country. I submit it to the
I commissioner who lately repaired it, whether it
j is not an unsafe bridge, saying nothing about the
i additional wear and tear whi<-h will be put upon
! it by givinga railroad company the privilege of
] passing their cars across it. You cannot give that
t company the privilege without, as it were, ex-
| eluding, to a certain extent, the travel which goes
[ over it now. It is not wide enough, or strong
■ enough, to admit both.
! There is another insurmountable objection in
; my mind. Why give to this company privileges
: which we do not extend to others everywhere ?
; Why should we,outof the public Treasury, fur-
, nish to this company a bridge' There is no rea-
, son for it. The practical view of this subject in
tny mind is tin®: A bridge may be built at a point
above Georgetown, where the distance will not
exceed three hundred or four hundred yards at
the furthest, arid the Long Bridge is something
■ like a mile in length. By passing to a point three
miles above this, a bridge can be had that will an-
swer the wants of this road, and the wants of the
company- If the company are willing to deal
fairly, if they are anxious about a permarfent
bridge, I have no doubt that the public Treasury
could be employed m defraying a portion of the
expenses. The railroad would be accommodated,
the ordinary travel of the country would be ac-
commodated, and we could do what we ought to
