Mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
No. 116.—An authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay John Charles Fremont for Beef
furnished the California Indians.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury shall
pay, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of one hundred and
eighty-three thousand eight hundred and twenty-'
five dollars, with interest thereon from the first
day of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, at the
rate of ten per centum, to John Charles Fremont,
in full of his account for beef delivered to Com-
missioner Barbour for the use of the Indians in
California, in eighteen hundred and fifty-one and
eighteen hundred and fifty-two.
Approved, July 29, 1854.
No. 117.—An Jict for the Relief of Captain Lewis
E. Simonds.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to pay
Captain Lewis E. Simonds, of the united States
Navy, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of eight hundred
dollars, it being for his expenses incurred in de-
fending himself against two suits brought against
him for arresting and detaining the brig Casket,
on the coast of Africa, on the charge of being en-
gaged in the slave trade, in eighteen hundred and
forty-six, the said Simonds being then in com-
mand of the United States armed vessel called the
Marion, and acting in the line of his duty.
Approved, July 529, 1854.
No, 118.—An Act for the Relief of Asa Andrews.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled^ That the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized and
required to settle and adjust the accounts of Asa
Andrews, late collector of customs for the district of
Ipswich, in the State of Massachusetts, for office
rent and expenses, including clerk hire, and for
the services of a deputy during the time he per-
formed the duties of said office, and that the
amount found due, not exceeding the sum of one
thousand nine hundred and eighty-three dollars
and eighty cents, be paid to said Asa Andrews,
or his legal representatives, out of any money in
the Treasury-not otherwise appropriated.
-Approved, August 1, 1854.
No. 119.—An Act for the Relief of Dr. S. R. Ad-
dison, Passed Assistant Surgeon in the United Slates
_*Navy. |
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-!
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress :
assembted, That the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury he, and are hereby, required to allow and pay
to DoctorS. R. Addison, passed assistant surgeon
in the Navy of the United States, the difference of
pay between that of his grade and a surgeon, from !
the fourth of April, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight, until the twenty-first of June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty, being the period during which he
served as surgeon on board the United States
sloop-of-war Saint Mary's, and that the same be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Approved, August 1, 1851.
No. 120—An Act for the Relief of William Darby.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- \
sentatives of the United States of America in Coyigress 1
assembled, That there be paid to William Darby, ;
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise 1
appropriated, the sum of fifteen hundred dollars, j
in full compensation for his labor and materials !
furnished in surveying and making a map of the j
Territory of Louisiana, in the years eighteen <
hundred and twelve and eighteen hundred and .
thirteen. |
Approved, August 1, 1854. I
he is hereby, authorized to settle with and dis-
charge Levi Pierce and Andrew Hodge, jr., sure-
ties on the official bond of William H. Ker, for-
merly postmaster at New Orleans, on their pay-
ing, or securing to pay, to the satisfaction of the
Postmaster Getieial, within one year, the sum of
twelve thousand five hundred dollars; and either
of said sureties may thus be discharged on his
paying, or securing to pay, as aforesaid, one half
of the above sum: Provided, The Postmaster Gen-
eral, and the United States district attorney for the
eastern district of Louisiana, shall be satisfied that
it is for the interest of the United States that such
settlement should be made: And provided further,
That such settlement with and discharge of one
surety shall not be construed to discharge the
other.
Approved, August 1, 1854.
No. 122.—*An Act for the Relief of Jean Bapt'iste
Beaubien.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Cojigress
assembled, That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office be, and he is hereby, authorized to
issue a patent or patents to Jean Baptiste Beau-
bien, for the following lots, as described and num-
bered on the survey and plat of the Fort Dear-
born addition to Chicago, in the State of Illinois,
made under the order of the Secretary of War,
and now on file in the War Office, to wit: Lots
number one, two, three, four, five, and six, of
block number four; all that part of lots numbered
eight and nine, block number two, which lies south
of the line of excavation, authorized by the act
of Congress approved twenty-first July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two; and ali that partoflot num-
ber one, block number five, that lies within the
following boundaries, to wit: Commencing on the
western line of said lot number one, block five, at
a point ten feet north of the southern line thereof;
thence east, parallel with said southern line two
hundred and fifty feet to the western boundary of
the lands granted by the United States to the Illi-
nois Central Railroad Company; thence north,
along said western boundary thirty-four feet, to
the northern line of said lot number one, block
five; thence west, along said northern line two
hundred and fifty feet to the northwest corner
thereof; thence south along the western line thereof
thirty-four feet to the place of baginning.
Approved, August 1, 1854.
No. 123.—An Act for the Relief of Urban StolL
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay to Urban Stoll,
now a pensioner of the United States, a sum equal
to seventy-two dollars per annum, from the fourth
day of July, eighteen bundled and forty-five, to
the time when his present pension was allowed.
Approved, August 1, 1854,
No. 121.—An Act for the Relief of Levi Pierce and \
Andrew Hodge, jr. j
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- j
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress '
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and
No. 124.—An Act for the Relief of Gaston T. Raoul.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Gaston T. Raoul be, and he is
hereby, authorized to enter free of cost, six hun-
dred and forty acres of land, according to legal
subdivisions, on any of the public lands of the
United States, subject to entry at private sale;
which said six hundred and forty acres of land,
when so entered, shall be in full compensation for
claim number four hundred and fifty-six of the
report of James 0. Cosby, dated June seven,
eighteen hundred and thirteen, and for which a
certificate of confirmation, number one hundred,
and sixty-eight, was issued on the twenty-fourth
of January, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight,
by the register and receiver of the land office for
the John Core claim, for his son, a minor, in the
parish of Livingston, State of Louisiana.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, upon
the receipt of the certificates of entry from the
proper land office, the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office shall cause a patent to be issued
therefor to the said Gaston T. Raoul.
Approved, August 1, 1854.
No. 125.—An Act for the Relief of A. G. Penn.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That A. G. Penn, of the parish of
St. Tamany, Louisiana, be, and he is hereby,
authorized to enter, by way of preemption, the
southwest quarter of section twenty-three, town-
ship six south, of range ten east, in the Greens-
burg land district, State of Louisiana, upon his
paying therefor, to the proper officer of the land
office, the sum of one dollar and twenty-five cents
per acre: Provided, however, That this act shalj
not be so construed as to interfere with any ad-
verse claim to the land hereby authorized to be
purchased, if any such there be.
Approved, August 1, 1854.
No. 126.—An Act for the Settlement of the Claims
of W. P. Buckner and Pierce Crosby, Parsed
Midshipmen in the United States Navy.
Be enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to ad-
just and settle the claims of W. P. Buckner,
passed midshipman, and Pierce Crosby, passed
midshipman, and acting master in the United
States Navy, for a share of the proceeds of the
sale of the schooner Oregon and cargo, seized and
confiscated in the month of April, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-eight, under the President's regu-
lations of the first of March, eighteen hundred
and forty-seven, at the port of Tampico, during
the war with Mexico, and to pay the said claims
out of any moneys in the Treasury arising from
military contributions collected in Mexico in pur-
suance of the regulations of the President before
referred to: Provided, That before any money is
paid in these cases, any claim submitted by the
owners of the vessels beforementioned, for the
remission of the penalty and the payment of the
proceeds under the confiscation, shall;first be duly
examined and decided by the Secretary of the
Treasury, under the direction of the President of
the United States.
Approved, August 1, 1854.
No. 127.—An Act for the Relief of TVllliam G.
Smith.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to pay,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of five hundred dollars to
William G. Smith, for recapturing a vessel in the
war of eighteen hundred and twelve, together
with a midshipman and fourseamen of the British
Navy; which prisoners were delivered to Com-
modore Perry, at Newport, Rhode Island.
Approved, August 1, 1854.
No. 128.—An Act for the Relief of the Legal Repre-
sentatives' of Major Caleb Sioan, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the"Treasury be
directed to pay to the legal representatives of
Major Caleb Swan, deceased, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated the
amount of his compensation as paymaster of the
Army, from thefirstday of July to the thirty-first
day of December, (inclusive,) eighteen hundred
and eight, and a commission of one per centum
; on the amount of bills of exchange negotiated by
; him under directions of the War Department, for
| the purpose of raising money for the use of the
I army.
Approved, August 1, 1854.
No. 129.—An Act for the Relief of Henry La Rein-
trie.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to Henry La Reintrie, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
five hundred and ninety-three dollars, which shall
( be in full satisfaction and discharge of said La
| Reintrie's claim forservices rendered to the United
j States Legation near the Government of Chili,
| and as bearer of dispatches from that legation to
Washington.
' Approved^, August 1, 1854.
