1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2833
No. 130.—An Act to provide Compensation for the
Services of George Moreli in adjusting Titles to
Land in Michigan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jhnerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to Maria Moreli, widow of George Moreli, and
to William Woodbridge '$nd Henry Chipman,
late judges of the United States for the Territory
of xVlichigan, for the services of the said judges
in ascertaining, adjusting, and settling claims to
land, and performing other duties in conformity
with the act entitled " An act to provide for the
adjustment of titles of land in the town of De-
troit, and Territory of Michigan, and for other
purposes," approved the twenty-first of April, .
eighteen hundred and six, and with " An act rel-
ative to the plan of Detroit, in Michigan Terri-
tory," approved the twenty-eighth of May, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty, at the rate of five hundred
dollars per annum, from the time of their several
-appointments as judges of the United States for
said Territory, to the twenty-fourth day of Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and thirty-six, to be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Approved, August 1, 1854.
No. 131.—An Act for the Relief of Captain Charles
G~: Merchant.
' Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
, the Government be, and are hereby, directed to
- settle the accounts of Charles G. Merchant, bre-
vet captain of the United States Army, for the
second quarter of eighteen hundred and forty-
nine, on just and equitable principles, without,ref-
erence to the usual forms, so as to relieve the said
Charles G. Merchant of the effect of the, loss of 1
his quarterly returns for said quarter: Provided, j
That the amount to be allowed to the said Charles j
G. Merchant, in such settlement, shall not exceed
the sum of two hundred and fifteen;*dollars and
eixty-mne cents.
Approved, August 1, 1854. .
No. 132,:—An Act for the Relief of Sylvester Petti-
* bone.
Be- it enacted- by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of tkb United States of America iti-Congress \
assembled, That Sylvester Pettibone, of Wiscon* j
sin, and his real and personal property, be, and
they are hereby, released and relieved from two j
judgments in favor of the United States, obtained i
against him, the said Pettibone, .in the district!
court of the United States for the district of Wis- i
consin, and-from all liens and incumbrances'-ct'e- j
ated by said judgment: Provided, That the costs (
of the suit-in whseh said judgment was rendered
shall first be paid by said Pettibone.
Approved, August 1, 1854.
No. 133.—An Act for the Relief of Phineas M.
Nightingale, Administrator of the Estate of Gen-
eral Nathaniel Greene, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury pay
to Phineas M. Nightingale, administrator of the
estate of General Nathaniel Greene, deceased,
eight thousand and five dollars and fifty-three
cents, with interest at the rate of six per centum
per annum from the sixth day of July, one thou-
sand seven hundred and ninety-four, until paid;
the same being in liquidation of a balance due to
the estate of said Nathaniel Greene for becoming
security for Banks & Co., army contractors in the
Revolution. The said sum to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury of the United States not
otherwise appropriated.
Approved, August 1, 1854.
No. 134.—An Act for the Relief of the Heirs and
Representatives of Colonel Alexander G. Morgan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Ametica in Congress
assembled, That the accounting officers of the
Treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized and
directed to settle the claims of Alexander G. Mor-
gan, of Missouri, for services in raising troops
for the Florida service, in the year eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-seven, and also for military ser-
vices in Florida: Provided, That the pay and
allowances to him shall not exceed the compensa-
tion of a captain of cavalry, from the eleventh of
September, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven,to
the eighteenth of March, eighteen hundred and
thirty-eight, and thatso much as shall be found due
to him, as if regularly commissioned in thatgrade,
shall be, and the'same is hereby, directed to.be
paid to him, out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, August, 1, 1854.
No. 135.—An Act for the Relief of William Brown.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, instructed to place the name of
William Brown, alias Billy Brown, a colored man,
now a resident of Portland, in the State of Maine,
on the pension roll, and pay to him a pension of
ninety-six dollars per annum, commencing on the
thirtieth day of May, eighteen hundred and forty-
four, and continuing during his natural life.
Approved, August 1, 1854.
No. 136.—An Act to authorize the Payimnt of In-
valid Pensions to the Heirs of Lieutenant Robert
White, and others.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be
required to pay to the invalid pensioners, officers
of'the Army of the Revolution, hereinafter named,
or if dead, to their widows, and if the widows be
dead, to the children of said officers, the amount
of their several'invalid pensions which was de-
ducted or withheld from said officers under the
provisions of the act entitled " An act for the re-
lief of certain surviving officers and soldiers of the
Revolution," approved the fifteenth day of May,
one thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight,
namely: to Lieutenant Robert White the amount
of his invalid pension from the third day of March,
eighteen hundred and twenty-six, to the ninth
day of February, eighteen hundred and thirty-
one; to Captain John Crute the amount of his
invalid pension from the third day of March,
eighteen hundred and twenty-six, to the thirty-
first day of May, eighteen hundred and thirty; to
Surgeon's Mate, Mordecai Hale, from the third
day of March, eighteen hundred and twenty-six,
to the ninth of day of December, eighteen-hun-
dred and thirty-two; to Lieutenant William Wal-
lace, from the third day of March, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-six, to the thirty-first day of
December, eighteen hundred and - thirty-six; to
Lieutenant Philip Stuart, from the third day of
March, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, to the
fourteenth day of August, eighteen hundred and
thirty; to General William Barton, from thethird
day of March, eighteen hundred and twenty-six,
to the twenty-second day of October, eighteen
hundred and thirty-one; to Ensign Clement Sew-
all, from the third day of March, eighteeen hun-
dred and twenty-six, to the seventh day of Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine; to
Lieutenant James Glentworth, from the third day
of March, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, to
the thirty-first day of May, eighteen hundred and
thirty.
Approved, August 1, 1854.
No. 137.—An Act for the purchase of the Copyright
of a Work published by Thomas H. Sumner, where-
in he describes his new method of ascertaining a
ship 's position at sea.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That in consideration of the tra'nsferto
the United States of the copyright of a work
wherein Thomas H. Sumner fully describes his
new method of ascertaining a ship's position at
sea, when a meridian observation of the sun can-
not be obtained, there be paid, out of any money
in theTreasury not otherwise appropriated, to the
said Thomas H. Sumner, or his lawful agent or
attorney, the sum of ten thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That after the
said transfer shall be made, and the said sum paid,
the said copyright shall be deemed extinct, and
said book may thereafter be published as if no
such right had existed.
Approved, August 2, 1854.
No. 138.—An Act to Relinquish the Reversionary in*
terest of the United States to a certain Reservation
therein mentioned, and to confirm the title of Charted
G. Gunter thereto,.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Coitgrels
assembled, That all the right, title, and interest
which might accrue or revert to the United States
to a certain fraction or [of] section number nine-
teen of township number sixteen and r&tfgen'ufti-
ber sixteen, including an island in the Alabama
river, commonly called Manac's Island, a little be-
low the mouth of Catoma Creek, and being the
reservation to which Samuel Manac, a Creek In-
dian, became entitled under the treaty of Fort
Jackson, be, and the same are hereby, relinquished
to Charles G. Gunter, his heirs and assigns, and
a patent shall be issued to the said Charles G.
Gunter, his heirs or assigns, for' the same, upon
the payment to the receiver of the land office at
Cahaba, in the State of Alabama, of the minimum
price per acre of the public lands now subject to
entry in said State.
Approved,.August 2,1854.
No. 139.—An Act authorizing the Extension of the
Alexandria and Washington Railroad into the Dis-
trict of Columbia, a)id conferring certain Privi-
leges on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House, of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Alexandria and Washington
Railroad Company, incorporated by the Legisla-
ture of Virginia, on the 27th of February, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, to constructa railroad
from Alexandria, in the State of Virginia, to the
City of Washington, in theDistrictof Columbia,
be, and are hereby, authorized tovextead tMir
road from any point on the Virginia side .of tie
Potomac river to which said road may be con-
structed, £t or above the aqueduct of the Alexan-
dria canal, into the District of Columbia, con-
necting with the Baltimore and Washington
railroad depot by the most convenient and prac-
ticable route or routes, passing through aad along
such streets or avenues, except the Pennsylvania
avenue of Washington and Georgetown,as the
corporate authorities thereof may respectively ap-
prove, subject to certain conditions hereinafter
expressed.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That the Alex-
andria and Washington Railroad Company are
hereby authorized to construct a bridge osver the
Potomac river, on, or above, or west of the aque-
ductof the Alexandria Canal Company: Provided,
Said bridge shall only be built on or over the piers
of the aqueduct, with the consent of the Alexan-
dria Canal Company: And provided further, In
constructing said bridge, and'crossing the Chesa-
peake and Ohio canal, said bridge and railroad
shall be so constructed as not to injure or obstruct
the use or navigation of the Chesapeake and Ohio
canal: And provided further, That this act shall
not prevent Congress Irom giving like privileges
to any other railroad company or any other per-
son.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, ThattheAlex-
andria and Washington Railroad Company are
hereby authorized to establish depots in the cities
of Washington and Georgetown, at such points
as the corporate authorities thereof may respect-
ively approve, and to lay a railroad track or tracks
to such point or points within said cities, and
through and along such streets and avenues, ex-
cept the Pennsylvania avenue, of said cities, as
may be respectively approved of by the corpo-
rate authorities of said cities, and to make all ne-
cessary turnouts; the said railroad company being
subject to such terms, conditions, restrictions, ana
taxation, and to such rules and regulations, rela-
tive to the construction, repairs, and working of
their road, within the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, as the corporate authorities of said
cities may from time to time respectively pre-
scribe, so far as it-may lay within their respective
limits: Provided,_ No higher rate of taxation shall
be imposed upon said railroad company than ■is
prescribed by the respective charters of said cities;
and said railroad company shall keep an office
