mM
TH:E • CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,
within the-City of Washington or Geoi-getown,
and shall have power to suearni be sued, to make
contracts, and to purchase and hold lands so far
as may be necessary-for carrying on the opera-
©f the company; and the-service of process
.on the president or any -dirastor.of said .company,
tOT.on-the.«hief clerk in attendance,at the office of
'1 Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That .the capi- j
l-tal stock of said company shall- be five hundred i
'[.thousand dollars, to be divided into five thousand -
j shares of one hundred dollars each, and shall be j
; distributed amongthe parties interested in the said I
i-lots-of ground and premises, in such manner as j
I.shall be agreed upon between them; and every
the'companv, shall entitle any.party eowplammg I1; person, copartnership, or corporation, who is or
  proceedaglinst said con/pany as arborized H-shall be,a propuetor of one.or more shares,.snail,
"\jnder athe laws of the Distiict of Columbia to
.wocesd against chartered companies within its
lifnits.
Sec. 4. And be,it further enacted, That the Bal-
timore and Ohio Railroad Company be, and it is
hereby, authorized to construct and extend the
Washington branch of said road, according to
such route as may be most convenient, through
the said District to some point on the Potomac j
river, opposite to or near the City of Alexandria,
ju Virginia, for the purpose of forming a connec-
tion with the said river and the lines of railroads
running south, subject to the provisions of its
present charter; and the said company are hereby
authorized to locate, construct, and operate the
said extension, hereby authorized, through such
parts of the City of Washington, or public reser-
vations, as the corporate authorities thereof, or the
President of the United States, respectively, may
consent to; and also to build a bridge or bridges
over the eastern branch of the Potomac river, at
some point above the navy-yard; Provided, how-
ever, 'That the same'Shall hot obstruct the naviga-
tion thereof. And said company shall have power
to locate and establish depots, and erect the neces-
sary buildings thereon, and also to erect ftueh
wharves or piers into said-river as may be neces-
,sary, provided the same shall not obstruct the
-navigation thereof: Provided, further, That the
-eaid Baltimore and Ohio- -Railroad;Company be
.subject to the game conditions- and restrictions in
- extending their road throughany parts of the City
• of Washington, as are prescribed for the Alexan-
dria and -Washington Railroad Company: Pro-
.vided, however, That this section «hall remain
suspended for two years,-from the first -day of
January, eighteen hundred ^nd 'fifty-five; and if,
-at the-end of ^hattime, the Alexandria and Wash-
ington Railroad Company shall not have com-
pleted a railroad to--Alexandria,-and have the
. same! to gftod running order, in pursua-nce of the
requirements of-the-preceding sections of this bill,
-then sthe-Baltimore and Ohio -Railroad Company
shall have the privilege of extending their road ;
•-by-either of the-routes authorized by this ■ act: |
And provided further, That if said-Baltimore and |
Ohio Railroad-Company'shall-not have&xeeuted !
1 so muoh of the provisions-of this act-as relates to
their eompariy by -the first day of January, eigh-
teen hundred and fiftymne, then this act shall be
void.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
h by virtue thereof, be a member of.said corporation,
! -and-shall be entitled, at all meetings of the stock-
holders for the election of officers, or for any other
purpose, to one vote, in person,or by proxy, for
every share of the stock so held.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the affairs
of the said company shall be conducted by a pres-
ident and six directors, to be elected by the stock-
holders present, or a majority in amount thereof,
on the first Monday of November, in the year
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and on the first
Monday of November in each succeeding year, or
withm thirty days thereafter, and shall continue ill
office for oneyear, and until successors are chosen;
and that the election in November next shall be
held by the persons named in the first section of
this act, ora majority of them, and every subse-
quent election shall be held by the president and
directors of said company.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the said
president and directors shall have power to fill all
vacancies which shall occur m their own hody
.during their continuance in office, and to prescribe
the .evidence of ownership and mode of transfer
of shares of stock in said company; and they shall
keep full records of their proceedings,.which shall
be open to the inspection of the stockholders at 1
, all times, and shall report at least annually
quarter of fractional section eleven, west of the St.
Charles Commons, in township forty-six north,
of range four east, in the district of lands subject
to gale.at St. Louis, Missouri, now in possession
of each of them, upon producing proof, to the sat-
isfaction of the land officers of said district, of the
extent of their possessions, respectively, in said
fractional sections,.and paying therefor the mini-
mum price of the .public - lands; and, upon such
proof, and payment being made, certificates and
patents shall be issued therefor, as in other cases
of the sale of public lands-
Aisboyed, August 3, 1854.
No.
140.—-in Act to Incorporate the National Hotel [
Company of Washington City- j
Be it enacted -by the Senate and House of Rtpre- j
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress .
assembled, That George H. Calvert, Charles B. 1
-Calvert, Roger C. Weightman, Philip Otterback,
John -Withers, Richard FI. Stuart, and Joseph
Bryan,and those whomay heieafter become mem-
bers of the company hereinafter mentioned, and
their successors, be, and they are hereby, created
and declared to be a body-politic and corporate,
by the name and style of the National Hotel
Company of Washington City; and, by the name
-aforesaid, to have perpetual succession, with power
to sue and be sued,-and to make and use a com- |j jurisdiction of the case.
statement of their affairs to the stockholders, and
shall declare dividends of the ptofits on .any pait
thereof, at their discretion, and generally may ex-
ercise all the power and privileges of the corpora-
tion necessary or proper to promote the objects
thereof-
Sec. 5. Andbe it farther enacted, That the shares
of the capital stock of said company shall be
deemed personal estate, and thatspecial-meetings
of the stockholders may be called by the president
and directors, or by any number, not. less than
one third in amount of shares of the stockholders,
at which meeting members present, and represent-
ing- a majority ol the whole capital- stock, sliall be
a quorum for the transaction of,business: and the
stockholders at such meetings, or at any general
annual meeting, where such majority of stack is
represented,shall have full powerto alter or repeal
Sjktiy by-law -or regulation made by the president :
and directors, and may make new rules and by-
laws, which shall be binding on the said president
$inddirectors: Provided, That the same be not con-
trary to the provisions of this act.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That nothing
in this act contained shall be construed to exempt
, the property of said corporation from such taxa-
i tion -as similar property, belonging to any other
! individual or corporation, is subject to.
1 Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That nothing
j in this act contained shall be construed to authorize
: the said company to exercise banking privileges,
j or to .issue any note in the form of a bank note, or j
i certificate payable to be.arer. |
■I Sue. 8. Aiul be it further enacted, That each of
! the stockholders in the said-National Hotel Com- ,
| pany of Washington City shall be held liable in j
j his or her individual capacity for all the debts and
! liabilities of the said company, however contracted j
■ or incurred, to be recovered by suit as other debts j
; or liabilities, before the court or tribunal having 1
No. 142.—An Act for the Relief of Mrs. Helen
Mackay, ffidow vf the late Colonel Alneas Mac-
kay r Deputy Quartermaster Gcnwal United Slates
Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of six -housand five hun-
dred and thirty-seven dollars and nine cents be
.paid to Mrs. Helen Mackay, out of any money
m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
same being allowance of commissions for dis-
bursements of special appropriations by her late
husband, Colonel .ffineas Mackay, prior to the
thirtieth September, one thousand eight hundred
and thirty-eight.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
No. 143.—An Act for the-Relief of Sylvanus Culver.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That a land warrant for one hundred
and twenty acres shall be issued toSylvanus Cul-
ver, the only surviving heir of John Pearson,
deceased, in lieu of a land warrant for one hundred
acres, issued on the nineteenth day of April, eigh-
teen hundred-and six, to Samuel Pearson, in trust
for himself- and the other heirs of John Pearson,
deceased, who was a private in the New York
continental line, and which warrant has been lost
or destroyed.
.Approved, August 3, 1854.
No. 144.—An Act for the Relief of Daniel Steenrod.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United. States of American. Congress
assembled, That the petition of Daniel Steenrod,
with the accompanying -documents and deposi-
tions, be referred to the Secretary of,War, who
is hereby authorized to ascertain, what is justly
and equitably-due the.said petitioner thereon,.and
to pay such sum as may be found due, out of any
,money, in theTneasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
No- 145.—An Act for the Relief of Jonas P. Levy
and Jose Maria Jarrero.
Be it enacicd by the Senate amd lionise of Repre-
sentatives of the-Umted SJ-ates of America in Congress
assembled, That the accounting officers .of the
Treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized and
required to examine, adjust, and settle the claims
of Jonas P. Levy and Jose Maria, Jarrero, for
indemnity against the Government of Mexico,
and which claims were presented to the late Board
of Commissioners on the claims against Mexico,
and which were rejected by said Board of Com-
missioners, and the amounts found to be respect-
ively due to the said Jonas P. Levy and Jose
Maria Jarrero, the Secretary of the Tieasury is
to cause to be paid to them, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
moil seal, and to make and repeal rules and by- I
-laws for the good government of said company; j
and also to hold, use-, and enjoy, in fee-simple, or /
for any lesser estate, the lots and parcels of ground j
and premises, situated in the City of Washing- i:
-ton, being lots eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, ;<
thirteen, and parts of lots seven and fourteen, in_ :
square four hundred and ninety-one, on the plat of ;
said city, upon which are now erected the house i
. or buildings and appurtenances known and de-
nominated as the National Hotel; and also any |
-additional lots, or parts of lots, adjoining the said
property, which mr*y;be hereafter acquired by said
company, and also the improvements, fixtures,
conveniences, and advantages erected on said lots ji
- Or parcels of ground appurtenant-thereto. i|
Sec. 9. And be U further enacted, That it may
be lawful for Congress hereafter to alter, amend,
change, or repeal the foregoing act.
Approved, August 3, 1854.
No. 141.— in Act for the .Relief of William J.
McElhiney, E. P. Matthews, and Lawrence. Crib-
ben.
Refit enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentative* of the United Sttite? of America in Congress
a^nvhtp.d, That William J. McEihiney, E. P.
Matthews, and Lawrence Cribben, shall be, and  r._, ...   ,
they are hereby, respectively authorized to enter if warrant upon the Treasury of the United states
the portions of the southeast, fractional quarter of jl for any sum not exceeding two thousand ana
fractional section ten, and the southwest fractional   twenty-four dollars and thirty-two cents, which
No. 146.™Jin Mfor the Relief of W. D. Porter, of
the United States Navy.
Be it erutcted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jimetica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and
he is hereby, authorized and directed to cause the
accounts of W. D..Porter, a lieutenant in the
Navy of the United States, for moneys actually
expended bjr him in defraying the expenses of
bringing A.miri Bey and suite to the United States,
in conformity with the request of the-Hon. George
P, Marsh, the Minister of the United States-at
Constantinople, to_ be audited, and^to draw his
