1476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint resolution
introduced yesterday by the Senator from Mary-
land, [Mr. Pratt,] " in relation to surgeons'
mates of the Army of the Revolution," have
unanimously directed me to report back the reso-
lution, and request its immediate passage. It
contains a principle which has been long estab-
lished, and it merely seeks to destroy the distinc-
tion between a surgeon's mate and an assistant
surgeon, which at present exists, according to the
construction now placed on the law. I ask for
the consideration of the resolution.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution.
No amendment being proposed, it was reported
to the Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read a third time,
and passed.
PORT OF DELIVERY AT MADISON, INDIANA.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom were referred two memorials of
citizens of Madison, Indiana, praying the estab-
lishment of a port of entry at that place, have
directed me to report a bill "constituting Madi-
son, in the State of Indiana, a port of delivery."
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask for the immediate con-
sideration of that bill; it will take but a moment.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, by unanimous consent, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HAMLIN. The bill is in the usual form
of all the bills creating ports of delivery; and I
move, therefore, to dispense with its reading.
The njotion was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed
INDIGENT INSANE BILL VETO.
The Senate resumed the reconsideration of the
bill making a grant of public lands to the several
Suites of the Union for the benefit of the indigent
insane persons which had been returned by the
President of the United States with his objections.
Mr. BELL resumed and continued the speech
which he commenced yesterday.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, it is now
pretty late in the afternoon. The industrious
Senators, I confess, are all here, and therefore,
this would be a very proper time for me to make
my speech on this subject, because 1 can now
address my peers.
Mr. BAIJCiER. I will suggest to my friend
from Pennsylvania, that as those of us who are
industrious are here, it is not worth while that the
really useful men of the country should be broken
down by too much labor. I wish, therefore, that
he would allow me to move an adjournment. The
country will have need of him hereafter.
Several Senators. Move a postponement.
Other Senators. Let us adjourn.
Mr. BRODHKAD. I will yield to the wishes
of the Senate. I understand that there are many
Senators desirous to know what is contained in
the Executive message, which has just been re-
ceived from the President of the United States.
Perhaps that will be more interesting than to hear
my speech, but I confess I would rather proceed
this afternoon. There are so few Senators pres-
ent, and so few persons in the galleries, that I
could proceed without interruption.
Mr. CASS. The Senator from Pennsylvania
evinces so lare a feeling, that I think we ought to
indulge him with going on now.
Mr. NORRIS. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this bill until to-morrow.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I understand that to-mor-
row is private bill day; and perhaps, therefore, I
had better say now what little I have to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pf.ttit,)
being about to put the question on the motion to
postpone- 
Mr. STUART. The Senator, I understand, is
willing to go on.
Mr. ATCHISON. I think that is a very un-
reasonable proposition. Although the Senator
may be willing to proceed, we are not willing, at
this hour of the day, to listen to him. We prefer
to listen to him at a more propitious time; and,
therefore, I move an adjournment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thereare sev-
eral Executive messages on the table.
Mr. ATCHISON. Then 1 hope the motion to
postpone will be agreed to, and that we may have
an Executive session.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
SURVEYORS GENERAL IN OREGON AND
WASHINGTON.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am instructed by
the Committee on Public Lands, to whom was
referred House bill "to amend the act approved
September 27, 1850, 'to create the office of sur-
veyor general of the public lands in Oregon,' &c.,
and also the act amendatory thereof, approved
February 19, 1853," to report it back with an
amendment, and recommend its passage. This
bill is one of great interest to the people of Oregon
and Washington Territories; and on that account,
and because it will have to go back to the House
if the amendment of the committee be adopted,
I hope the Senate will now act upon it.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STUART. The bill has been prepared at
the General Land Office; and the Senator from
Iowa can state the objects in a much shorter time
than it will take to read it. I hope he will do so
for the information of the Senate.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The most important
provision, and that which requires the return of
the bill to the House, is the amendment which the
Senate committee report. ] t provides a surveyor
general's office for the Territory of Washington,
which was inadvertently omitted by the House.
The provisions of the bill, as it comes from the
House, make some amendments to the donation
laws which were passed for the benefit of the Ter-
ritory of Oregon, now composing the Territories
of Washington and Oregon. The bill is long,
but if there is any objection it can be read. Per-
haps it would be better to have it read, as it is an
important bill.
Mr. STUART. It certainly is not necessary
to read the bill at length. I move to dispense
with its reading.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendment of the Committee on Public
Lands was to add the following dllditional section:
Sro. 7. Jlml be it further cnuctcdyThnl the Terntory of
Washington shall be erects! into a separate surveying dis-
trict ; and the President of the United States is hereby au-
thorized to appoint a surveyor general for the same, who
shall hold his oflice at .such place as the Piosident may
direct; and the location thereof may he changed from
time to time, if, in thejudgment of the President, the public
interests require it; and the powers, duties, obligations,
responsibilities, and emoluments of the said surveyor gen-
eral shall be the bauic as are now prescribed by law for the
.surveyor general of Oregon.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The amendment was
ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time; and the bill was read a third time,
and passed.
It provides that the donations hereafter to be
surveyed in Oregon and Washington, claimed
under the provisions of the act of September 27, \
1850, shall, in no case, include a town site, or j
lands settled upon for purposes of business or
trade, and not for agriculture; and that all town
sites shall be subject to the operations of the act
of May 23, 1844, " for the relief of the citizens of
towns upon lands of the United States, under cer-
tain circumstances." It also proposes to extend
the preemption privilege, granted by the act of
September 4, 1841, to lands in Oregon and Wash-
ington, whether surveyed or unsurveyed, not
rightfully claimed, entered, or reserved, under the
provisions of the bill or the act to which it is
amendatory. It further proposes to grant to each
of the Territories of Oregon and Washington, two
townships of land, in legal subdivisions for uni-
versity purposes, in lieu of the two townships
granted to Oregon by the act of 1850.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. STUART, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jane 22, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the call of committees for reports.
MEXICAN TREATY.
Mr. HOUSTON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported a
bill; which was read a first and second time by its
tkle, as follows, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed:
A bill to enable the President of the United
States to fulfill the third article of the treaty be-
tween the United States and the Mexican Repub-
lic of 30th December, 1853, as amended by the
Senate of the United States.
Mr. FULLER obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. HOUSTON. By the gentleman's permis-
sion, I will submit a proposition to the House,
and it is this: To-morrow is private bill day, and
being objection day, as I understand, it will be
proper for us to give that business some attention
when we can do so much good work. If the civil
and diplomatic bill is not concluded to-day, the
presumption is that its consideration will go over
to next week. If gentlemen would agree to it, I
would like that the morning hour of to-day be de-
voted to the consideration of that bill in committee.
If the proposition be agreed to, we may finish the
bill before our adjournment.
Mr. OLDS. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Maine, I wish to say a word. I de-
sire that committees should have the morning
hour, during which they may submit reports reg-
ularly. When it has terminated, we can go into
committee, and there remain until we can bring
the civil and diplomatic bill out with us.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not ask more. I do
not want to interfere with the regular business of
the morning hour. All I desire is to have the
civil and diplomatic bill finished to-day.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Speaker, I propose to
bring forward a question as to the privilege of this
House in reference to the bill which has been re-
ported this morning from the Committee of Ways
and Means. I want an opportunity to plead the
privilege of this House before we vote on that bill.
1 am not ready this day. The matter comes all
of a sudden and by surprise on me; and I want
opportunity ofpleading the privileges of the House,
the Constitution of the United States, and the
people of the United States, before we pass to that
appropriation. I ask it, sir, in the name of the
Constitution, of the House, and of the country.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman submit
any distinct proposition for the action of the
House?
Mr. BENTON. I propose that we do not; con-
sider that appropriation until we shall have an
opportunity of inquiring whether the privileges
of the House have been invaded in the negotiation
of that treaty. This I will be ready for to-mor-
row.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman misunder-
stands the condition of the bill. It is a distinct
bill to betaken up and considered in Committee
of the Whole, and is there open to debate. There
is no proposition to incorporate it with the civil
and diplomatic bill. Indeed there is an express
rule which requires alt bills appropriating money
to carry out treaties to be referred to and discussed
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. I did not propose to take up the bill
to-day.
ADDITIONAL REVENUE CUTTERS.
Mr. FULLER. I desire, before the House
proceeds to the business of the morning hour, to
ask the unanimous consent of the House to take
up bill No. 242, relating to revenue cutters, which
I brought up yesterday morning.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I rise to a
privileged question. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the minority of the select
committee on the superintendence of national
armories whs yesterday referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed. I do not propose now to
take it up, as the gentleman who presented it is
absent; but T ask that it may be entered.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN, it was
