1478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
boanng date the 19tb of August, 1853, §530,1)00 : Provided,
That before the said purchase is completed, the Slate of
New York shall cede to the United Stales jurisdiction over
said land and property, and shall by law exonerate tlx1 same,
and the property of th" United States thereon, from a!! taxes,
levies, and asse?sm'-nss thereon, whilst the same remains*
the property of the United States.
And that said amendment was, on motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Robbins,]
amended by the addition of the following proviso:
Provided, however, That no part of this* appropriation
is to be used, until the (Secretary of the Treif-ury has entered
into a negotiation with the lessors of the lot hi question to i
get nd of s.ud lea^c, and also has ascertained upon what ;
teims paid lease can be disposed of, and Oris. icporied t!ie !
result of said negotiation to the next session of Congress. |
Mr. PECKHAM. I wish to olTer the follow- |
ing substitute for the amendment of the gentleman ;
from New York, [Mr. Hayek-:] to insert after |
the woids " land and property " the following: j
Reserving the right of the State to serve civil and crim-
inal process.
Mr. HAVEN". Do I understand my colleague
that he desnes to otter my amendment precisely
over again, with the addition of the words he
suggests?
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 mean to offer what X have
sent up to the Clerk's desk as a substitute for the
whole amendment and the proviso.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Peckham] is not
in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Upon what ground
does the Chair rule that the amendment is out of
order?
The CHAIRMAN. Upon the ground that it
is proposed to strike out and insert the very same
matter already contained in the amendment.
Mr. JONES. I had supposed it to be different
matter.
The CHAIRMAN. It is precisely the same
matter. The change which the gentleman from
New York desires to make he can make by pro-
posing it in the form of an amendment to the
amendment offered by his colleague, but not aa a
substitute.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Ha-
ven's amendment, as amended; and it was agreed
to.
Mr. FARLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment:
To complete the custom-hou«e at Waldoboro', in the
State ot Maine, the Kum of §13,000, which, m addition to
the Mini heretofore appropriated« shall constitute the eunto
cost of the purchase of the Kite, and the erection and com-
pletion of the building.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is that amendment in order
in this place ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has there been a
site of a custom-house got there yet ?
The CHAIRMAN. So far as the place in the
bill is concerned at which this amendment comes
m, it is in older. The Chair would inquiie of the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Fari.ky] if any ap-
propriation has yet been made for the erection
of a custom-house at this place, or if there has
been any law heretofore passed authorizing the
construction of a custom-house there ?
Mr. FARLEY. There has been. If I can
have the attention of the committee for a few mo-1
ments, I will endeavor to explain the matter to I
their satisfaction. In the general appropriation !
act of 1852, an appropriation was made in the fol- j
lowing language: '
" For purchasing a site. and the construction of a siuta- ;
ble building at Waldohoro', Maine, for eu-toni-house, po.-t j
office, and other ofTic^ of rhe United State-, and fui :
ni-htnc the samPjS'lU'HO • Provided.That said lot and hmlii- !
ing shall be exempted from eit) and all othei taxes what '
evpr, by the a< t ot the Legislature of Maine : *An<I pioi u'ed
further. That helore the S 'Cietar\ of the TieaMiiV shall !
erect the said building, it shall ftr-d he hi1- dim to procure ;i !
proper site or lot ofgiomid, and to make a connect or ton- |
nactM for the orcetiori of said bmldmst and furnishing the '
name, at a Men or Minis which shall not, m tne whole, ex- ;
ceed the sum of $12,000. inclusive of «,ud lot, which said :
conn act or contracts shall be secured b_v good and sullicient
sureties, to the «citi«ftacnon of the *njd Secretary of the
Treasury and President of the United States.!
In pursuance of this approptiation, and under'
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, an !
agent of the Department selected a lot at Wuido-
boro', the title of which was secured. The cost, i
of the lot and charges amounted to $2,247. That!
was in the fall of 1852. in May, 1853, the Secre-!
tary of ths Treasury writeo as follows to the com-1
missioners appointed to superintend the erection
of this custom-house:
Treasury Departmfxt, May 21, 1853.
Gentlemen: The supervising architect of this Depart-
ment. after examining the proposals u-ceived for erecting
the Waldohoro' custom house, reports that after making
such modifications m their amounts as they require, he
finds the lowest imi to be &22,blG 95, while the amount of
the appropriation (to which by the law the whole building
and furniture k rfstnelcd) now available, is only $9,753,
consequently no contract can now he awarded on the pro-
posals; but as the present design for the building is appro-
pnate for the pmpo-e, instead of resorting to an interior i
one, which could he erected tor tiie funds at the dispo>al of j
the Department, n has been decided to suspend action in t
the matter until the meeting of Congress, when the facts
will lie reported to it, and an appropriation recommended
sufficient to meet the cost ot construction.
Very rospectlulh, your obedient servant,
JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Tie.isuiy. i
Messrs. John G. Brown and William A. Sciienck, Corn-
tnifs:j/ters, Waldohoro* cuslom-hou^e.
Under that letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury proceedings on the building were sus-
pended. This Congress assembled. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury did not send in a report upon
this subject, for the reason, which does not ap-
pear in the papers, that it had been suggested that
it would he better to change the port ot entry in
that district; and that if the change should be
' made, it would appear, in the report of Judge Bar-
rett, to be made under the law of the last session
of Congress, for revising the revenue laws of the
United Sta'es. The Depaitment, however, has
come to the conclusion to let the port of entry
remain atWaldoboro', because itia a central point.
That is the reason why no report was made of the
facts by the Department at the commencement of jj
this sexton. I to-day called upon the Secretary ij
of theTieaanry in relation to the matter, and I j'
have a letter from him, which I ask may be read. j|
The letter was read, as follows: ii
Treasury Department, June 22, lb54.
Sir : In reply to your letter of this- date, 1 have the honor
to state that ot the sum of .-j 12,000 appropriated by the act
of August 1852, for building a custom house at Waldo-
horo', $2 247 were expended in the purchase of a Mte,
and other incidental charges, leaving a balance o<
applicable to the erection. A suitable plan ot the building
wa-. devised, and proposals invited, the lowest of winch
was foi .•§22,816 95. The Department, under the law, wa<
unable to proceed upon this bid, and i.s indisposed to put
up such a budding a* can be constructed for the $'9,753.
The subiect ha^, therefore, been suspended, until Congress
shall deicimmc upon the expediency ot appropriating the
furthei sum necessary, namely, .•$i;y)0o.
I have the honor to be your obedient servant,
JAMRS GUTHRIE,
Sccretaiy of the Treawty.
lion. E. W. Farley, House of Representatives.
Mr. FARLEY. I do not, ask for this appropri-
ation on the ground that a large amount of reve-
nue is collected m the district of Waldoboro', an
objection which I anticipate will be made; but for
the reason that the business of the district, inde-
pendent of foreign importations, requires the erec-
tion of a permanent fire-proof building. Gentle-
men living remote from the sea-board districts, are,
perhaps, not familiar with the duties imposed by
law upon the officers ofthe customs,and which are
yearly increasing, from the growing tonnage of this
and other districts in Maine. All vessels built have
to be measured and furnished with the papers re-
quired by law—those under license have a yearly
renewal of their papers. The duties required by
your hospital laws; the recording of bills of sales;
the prevention of smuggling; the monthly returns
to the Treasury Department, besides other duties,
too numerous to mention, and entirely discon-
nected with the collection of revenue, require aj
force of officers sufficient to discharge them, and !!
suitable buildings for the preservation of papers ji
and records. The performance of these duties is  '
attended with expense, it is true, but it is so ti ifling \:
that it should not be mentioned in connection with ]
the importance of the great commercial interests
intended to be protected by our revenue laws. j
I say, further, that the Government is interested ii
in having suitable buildings erected at the ports of {■
entry of the importantcollection districts in Maine, ::
whether large amounts of revenue are collected !:
at them or otherwise. The Secretary of the Treas- !.
ury has taken an intelligent view of this subject, ;•
and recommends an application of the policy of i ,
the Department in this instance. j
I present this subject as an independent meas- !,
ure, free from the objection of being connected
with any schemes of a log-rolling character, and ij
desire to havr it decided upon its merits* '
This district of Waldoboro' has a population
of about forty-five thousand inhabitants. Within
its limits were built, in 1853, forty thousand tons
of shipping; during the present year theie will be
huilt fifty thousand tons of the first class. What
is true of the Waldoboro' district, in this respect,
is equally applicable to most of the other districts
in Maine, m proportion to their population and
capital. Of the total amount of tonnage owned
within the several collection districts of the United
States, Waldoboro'ranks as the ninth. During
the year 1853, there were built in the State of
Maine, as i ascertain from sources not official,
yet of a reliable character, one hundred and sev-
enty thousand tons of shipping, worth at least
$10,000,000 A portion ofthe tonnage yearly built
is retained by her. The remainder is sold to citi-
zens of other States. She builds nearly one half of
(he tonnage of the sea-going vessels ofthe country.
Every dollar the Government has expended for
custom-houses in Maine, and aids to navigation
along her coast, has been well invested, and has
been returned over and over again. She is the
great ship-budding State of the Union; and our
foreign commerce, to which Maine contributes so
important an element, is doing more to spread a
knowledge of our institutions and government
throughout the world, and giving an influence to
the American name in other lands, than perhaps
any other great interest of our country.
Mr. HOUSTON". I would inquire if that let-
ter is dated to day ?
Mr. FARLEY. It is.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is very singular, for there
is no estimate for it at all.
Mr. LETCHER. If the House can stand this
custom-house, I shall begin to despair; and I
think they will then be ready to swallow any-
thing which may be proposed here for the expen-
diture of the public money.
Now, sir, at this place called Waldoboro', in the
State of Maine, there is collected revenue amount-
ing to $1,740, and that at a cost to the Govern-
ment of $4,871. Now, in that state of the case,
the Secretary of the Treasury comes here with a
letter, and states that he cannot build this custom-
house with the $9,000, which is the balance of the
appropriation; but that he must have $22,000 to
expend upon that point, where the expense of col-
lecting exceeds the revenue by $3,131.
Now, sir, I ask if this House is prepared to
stand that? If they are willing to uphold, by their
action, recommendations of this sort, and to make
expenditures of money upon works of this kind,
wherever and whenever people choose to come
forward and ask for appropriations, there will
probably be found a dozen other places where the
Government collects revenue, and where the dis-
parity between the amount collected and the cost
of collecting it is not so great as is it at the place
under consideration, where they could, with equal
propriety, make an expenditure of $20,000 to build
custom-houses, court-houses, and post offices. I
hope the House will put a stop to this thing; and
if the Secretary of the Treasury is disposed to
make such expenditures, that they will give him
to understand that he cannot get the money here
to carry out the plan.
Mr, FARLEY. I would inquire if I can move
to increase or reduce the amount of my amend-
ment, in order to enable me to reply to the gen-
tleman?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot do
that.
Mr. FARLEY. Cannot \ withdraw it?
The CHAIRMAN. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. FARLEY. I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
CniiRdnvELL were appointed.
Thequestion was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes G4, noes 55.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I offer the following
amendment:
To complete the marine hospital at Cleveland, in the
State of Ohio, $25,000;
To complete the marine hospital at St. Loui1*, in the State
of Missouri, $10,000 ;
To complete the marine hospital at Chicago, in the State
of Illinois, $8 000;
To complete the marine hospital at Louisville, in the
Suite of Kentucky, ,$13,600;
