770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
cised by the Commissioner of Pensions. It may j
.be, perhaps, that he is compelled, in some in-
stances, to refuse a pension where the evidence is
not entirely clear and perfect , where he might pos-
sibly do it under other circumstances, if no frauds
had been committed. In other words, the exist-
ence of ihese very frauds has compelled him, in
. ju|tice to the Government, to -enforce a more rigid
urulej&an: he otherwise would.
Nobody knows better than the Senator from
IlliDQis 4hat it i.s utterly impossible to trace the dis-
ability, in many cases, to causes which occurred
•while .the soldier was in the line of his, duty.
-Blindness, lam.eness, and a vast variety of diseases
may come upon the person, which are really to
be attributed to a disease which existed while the
individual was in the service and in the line of his
-duty. Still, from the want of the evidence which
the law and the rules under that law have pre-
scribed, it is sometimes found to be impossible to
establish, by such evidence as is necessary, the
right to a pension in these cases. It is impossible,
frequently, to trace back effects to causes; and it
may be, and it is true, that the Commissioner has
sometimes been rigid in the exercise of the rules
laid down. When the Senator from Illinoishim-
self tells us that frauds are committed, I think he
complains harshly and unjustly, and without just
provocation, of the administration of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions. In relation to the last clause of
this amendment of the committee, I think it should
be retained with an amendment but if no amend-
ment be made, I shall certainly vote to strike it out.
Mr. HUNTER. Move an amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I would limit it to persons
holding offices under the United States, whose
compensation, as such, is more than $1,200 a year;
but to apply the restriction to those who may be
holding small and inferior offices under the Gov-
ernment/would be unjust. Sir, 1 have now in my
mind's eye an individual who discharges well du-
ties which have been assigned to him under the
Government, and for which he receives a small
compensation. I should feel unwilling to see him
turned out of that employment or deprived of his
pension, when 1 know, and everybody knows, that
he discharges his duties properly and faithfully.
There areagre?it many cases of that sort. I will
therefore move te amend the last clause of the
committee's amendment by adding after the word
"office" the words 44 exceeding $1,200 per an-
num."
Mr. HUNTER. I am willing to agree to that, i
ThePRESlDING OFFICER, (Mr.Nonms in
the chair.) An amendment to the amendment is
alieady pending.
Mr. HAMLIN. I was not aware of that.
Then I give notice that I shall move that amend-
ment at the proper time.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have a few words to say in
reply to the Senators from Maine and Virginia.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will yield
me the floor, in order that I may move to post-
pone the further consideration of the bill so that
we may go into Executive session.
Mr. SHIELDS. I cannot yield; I must reply
now. The honorable Senator from Virginia, if I
understood him—perhaps I may have misunder-
stood him—said with a kind of sneer, which is
not usual with that honorable Senator, that I at-
tempted to show that I knew everything about
the pension laws, and that the Pension Bureau
knew nothing. I understood the Senator to state,
with some kind of sneer, that I assumed to know
everything about the pension laws.
Mr. HUNTER. I certainly meant no sneer.
I inferred from what the Senator said that he sup-
posed the Secretary of the Interior, the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, and the Committee on Fi-
nance, all had confused opinions upon this subject.
I inferred that from his argument; but I certainly
meant no sneer.
Mr. SHIELDS. As I happened to differ from
the Committee on Finance, the Commissioner of
Pensions, and the Secretary of the Interior, of
course I could not say they were right. If a Sen-
ator attempts to oppose any proposition presented ;
by them, he cannot oppose Hand say at the same '
time that they are right. {
Sir, it happens to be my peculiar fortune, or I
misfortune, as the case may be, to be applied to I
very generally to get pensions for invalid soldiers, j
I find that I am a kind of general a gent here, i
and I do more of that business than 1 like to do. I
Every day calls of that kind are made upon me.
Hence i have to go up to the Pension Bureau and
examine these cases; and that, perhaps, has ena-
bled me to examine this question more carefully
than I should otherwise have done. I think that,
in this case, the Secretary of the Interior and the
Commissioner of Pensions have failed to prescribe
a remedy for the, evil which they present, and
which I, to some extent, admit. That is the dif-
ference between us.
But, sir, the honorable Senator from Virginia
says that I do not regard this in the proper light;
that I consider it as a question of money, instead
of a question of morals. It may be a question of
morals to the honorable Senator, and to me; but
I think it will appear to the poor pensioner as a
question of money, affecting his pension. We
may talk about morals; but he will think of his
little pension. I am thinking of the pensioner
and of his pension. I am neither thinking of the
money nor of the morals, so far as this matter is
concerned; but I am simply taking the case of the
poor pensioner.
It is stated by the Bureau, and I admit the
statement to some extent, that th$re are frauds in
the granting of pensions. The laws are correct;
the legislation upon the subject is correct; but the
difficulty is, I will say, in the administration of
those laws* I can state to the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] that when I state the frauds
are in the administration, I do not mean that the
Commissioner of Pensions commits any fraud,
but frauds are practiced upon him by false testi-
mony, by false affidavits, by false certificates.
This is not because the Commissioner himself
either assents to, or would allow frauds, but be-
cause he is imposed upon.
I state, further, and I venture to say the Com-
missioner wiil bear me out in this, that where frauds
are perpetrated, the evidence is of the most con-
clusive kind; that in all cases of fraud the testi-
mony is made perfect; the ceremonies are all per-
formed; the testimony is brought up to the mark;
and the Commissioner acts upon these cases as
any Commissioner would. But now he finds out
that he has granted pensions upon fraudulent cer-
tificates. Now, how does he propose to remedy
that? Why, sir, to call up all the pensioners in
the United Slates, from Maine to California, in-
clusive, every two years—to bring them up as
you would bring up so many horses, and have
them examined by two surgeons. In order to de-
tect the frauds which the Commissioner says have
been committed in a few cases, he proposes to
bring up, every two years, all the old pensioners in
the United States, to have their bodies examined
by two surgeons, and certificates and affidavits
brought forward; and unless they are all found to
be precisely what they were when the original
testimony was taken, their pensions are to cease.
Thus the pension system is to be changed every
two years. That is his remedy, as proposed by this
amendment. 1 say the remedy proposed is an
improper one, and that there should be some other
way of getting at these frauds. Where a fraudu-
lent case exists, act upon that case; but do not,
under the idea that you are going to detect these
frauds, call up all your pensioners and have them
examined every two years, and require them to
produce new certificates.
Now, sir, I say that if you pass this provision
into law, which I hope and believe will not be
done, and then attempt to earry it into execution,
the result will be that thepoor, honest pensioners
will be struck off the roll, and all the fraudulent
ones will be left. Those who act fraudulently
can easily procure the necessary certificates;
whereas, the poor, ignorant soldier who fights
the battles of your country and is wounded, will
find great difficulty in doing so. I know that these
are the men who now find difficulty in getting
pensions at all. I say that the proposed remedy
will make the matter worse than it is now; that it
is really no remedy at all. If the Commissioner
wishes to get at these frauds, let him make out a
list of what he supposes to be fraudulent cases;
let him present that list to Congress, and let us
institute an investigation; but let us not go into
this system of requiring all the pensioners to be
examined in this way, compelling the poor pen-
sioner, wherever he may be, to go and get two
surgeons to certify to his disability, under penalty
of losing his pension. Sir, this is all wrong. In
some districts of the country the poor soldiers
find it difficult to get their original pensions in this
way; but it is very curious kind of legislation to
require all yojar poor old pensioners to go before
two' surgeons and get their certificates. This
board of examination, if I may so call it, is in
order to detect a few frauds.
Sir, 1 think the honorable Senator from Virginia
is mistaken. I repeat, this provision, which is
intended as a remedy for frauds, will not accom-
plish the purpose at all. Its effect will be pre-
cisely this: Those who have pensions will be
obliged, every two years, to go through the same
process which was necessary in the first place to
enable them to get a pension—a process of swear-
ing, of affidavits, and certificates. It will require
the Bureau to reexamine and reinvestigate bien-
nially whether or not the pensions of your old
pensioners should be discontinued. I am anxious
to save the honest pensioners and rid the pension
system of fraud, and 1 will unite with the honor-
able Senator from Virginia, or any other Senator,
to accomplish that object. If the Commissioner
of Pensions should send here a list of cases which
he believed to be fraudulent, and should ask us to
institute a commission for their investigation, I
would go for it. But, in my opinion, it is bad
legislation to commence in this way to act upon
all the pensioners of the nation in order to elimi-
nate afew fraudulent cases. From the knowledge
which I have of the manner in which pensions
are obtained, 1 am convinced that the very men
whom you intend to catch by this provision will
every one elude you; and the men who will be
deprived of their pensions are the poor, ignorant,
honest soldiers, who are really entitled to the little
pittance of eight dollars a month, which they now
receive.
Mr. MASON obtained the floor.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask the Senator from Vir-
ginia to allow me. to make a very few remarks, to
correct some errors in regard to this subject.
Mr. MASON. I would do so with greatpleas-
ure, but the debate will be continued, if not upon
this amendment, upon others. I move to postpone
the further consideration of the subject, with a
view to go into Executive session.
Mr. HUNTER. It is not my purpose to debate
the question of the order of business, but I .wish
to suggest to my colleague whether it would not
be better for him to withdraw his motion, and let
us £o through with the bill?
Mr. ]VIASON. There is not the slightest prob-
ability of getting through the bill to-day, if we
were to sit here until midnight.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I must ask that this
bill be postponed until one o'clock to-morrow, and
be then made the special order for one hour, so
that I may not be in the way of petitions and
reports.
Several Senators. No objection.
Mr. HUNTER. Then 1 move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until one o'clock
to-morrow, and that it be made the special order
then for one hour.
Mr. MASON. I yield to that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed the joint resolution of the
Senate il authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay the expenses of codifying and revising
the revenue laws," with an amendment.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 28, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William PI. Milburn.
TheJournalof yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER presented to the House a com-
munication from the President of the United
States, transmitting to the House therewith a re-
port from the Secretary of the I nterior, containing
so much of the information called for by a resolu-
tion of the House of the 17th instant as is practi-
