1480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
Mr. SINGLETON. Mr. Chairman, the ap-
propriation asked for by this amendment com-
mends itself to the favorable consideration of the
House for several important reasons, which I will
endeavor to state briefly. In the first place, the
last Congress, after due consideration, determined
that Vicksburg, from its position and commercial
importance, was a proper point at which, for pub-
lic convenience, a marine hospital should be loca-
ted; and with a view to carry outthatopinion,an
appropriation of $10,000 was made, by way of
beginning the work. Of that amount, $4,000 has
been expended in the purchase of a lot as a site
for said hospital, the remaining $6,000 still being
on hand. The managers of the work thought it
better to await the further action of Congress upon
the subject, in making suitable appropriation to
carry it on, than to commence it upon a magnifi-
cent scale, and attempt to force Congress after-
wards into heavy appropriations for its comple-
tion. In this course i think they have acted with
prudence and good sense, and with an eye to the
interest of the public.
In the next place, the amount asked by this
amendment is precisely the amount estimated for
by the Secretary of the Treasury, in his letter to
the Committee of Ways and Means, of the 4th
of January last. I do not desire to transcend the
estimate made by that officer, whose peculmrprov-
ince it is to investigate the situation of these sev-
eral works, and the amounts necessary to carry
them on. I suppose him to have had correct in-
formation on the subject, and therefore think his
opinions entitled to consideration, in the third
place, Mississippi, under the operations of the
present tariff, is one of the largest tax-paying
States of this Union; and butfew,and very small
favors, have been dispensed to her in the way of
appropriations by the General Government. If
money is to be appropriated for objects of this
kind, there can be no good reason why a part of
it should not be expended in her borders. Did
this appropriation redound alone to the interest of
the citizens of Vicksburg, or even of the State, I
doubt whether she would have ever made applica-
tion to Congress for any amount; for our people
feel fully able to take care of themselves without
gratuities from Government. But, air, Vickaburg
is a place of vast commercial importance upon the
great thoroughfare of the southern and south-
western States, where boats are ascending and de-
scending the Mississippi; continually land their
sick and dying, who never fail to meet with proper
attention at the hands of the generous and humane
citizens of Vicksburg.
New Orleans, and all the cities below Vicks-
burg, are annually, I may say, visited by de-
structive epidemics; and at such times the citizens,
as well as Government employees, officers of the
Navy, sailors and others, seek a higher latitude.
Many of them land at Vicksburg, and become a
charge to its citizens, bringing with them diseases
which spread and carry off many of her most
valuable citizens. See with what violence the
yellow fever prevailed there last year, and witness
with what liberality her citizens, and the sur-
rounding country, met the wants of the alllicted
who were attacked in their midst. See with what
personal hazard, and, in many cases, with the loss
of estimable citizens, unremitting attention was
given to the sick. Is it right, because they would
not see the stranger and the poverty-stricken
suffer and die for want of attention; because their
hearts were touched with sympathy, and their
purses open to relieve, that the whole burden of
this thing should fall upon their shoulders? I
think not. There is certainly no paramount ob-
ligations upon them to do so. Build a marine
hospital for the stranger, for our sailors, and
others who may be in the employment of the
Government, as you have done elsewhere. Again,
I see, in looking over the letter of the Secretary
of the Treasury above referred to, that he enu-
merates the appropriations already made to eight
different marine hospitals, besides Vicksburg, as
follows,viz: to Cleveland, Ohio, $71,909 38; to!
St. Louis, Missouri, $82,274; to Chicago, J1K- J
nois, $49,712; to Louisville, Kentucky, $50,000 33; i
to Paducah, Kentucky, $51,625; to Evansville,
Indiana, $45,000; to San Francisco, California,
$180,000; to Portland, Maine, $30,000; to Vicks-
burg, $10,000. I do not intend to find fault with
the appropriations made to those different works;
for if I had ever supposed any objections could be
made to the action of Congress in these matters,
it is new too late.
But what I wish to say is this: there can be no
good reason offered why Congress should give
liberally to others, and dole it out with such a
miserly hand to Vicksburg. I hope a spirit of
liberality will prompt the House to make this
appropriation,and thus place Vicksburg upon the
same footing with other places having no larger
claims upon Government.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment offered by
the gentleman from Mississippi is one which 1
had in my mind in the remarks I made some little
time since. The Committee of Ways and Means,
however, agreed to strike it out, with others, from
the appropriations. My own impression is—and
I so voted in committee—that the marine hospital
at Vicksburg ought to be built. The committee,
however, concluded to strike it out of the appro-
priation; and one of these reasons was, I recollect,
that there are already a large number of marine
hospitals upon the Mississippi and Ohio rivers;
perhaps enough to accommodate all the sick sea-
men upon those rivers. I will also state that we
have made a general appropriation for taking care
of sick seamen at places where there are no ma-
rine hospitals. Tnese are the reasons why the
committee refused to recommend the appropria-
tions.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. DISNEY. I offer the following amend-
ment:
To provide accommodations for sick and disabled seamen
at Cincinnati, $60,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
I ask if that amendment is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it
is not in order.
Mr. DISNEY. Upon what ground ?
The CHAIRMAN. Upon the ground that it
is not embraced in the class of cases indicated in
the 81st rule, with which the gentleman is, no
doubt, familiar.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no law authorizing
the appropriation. There is a general appropria-
tion in this bill, providing for taking care of sick
seamen where there are no marine hospitals. But
1 there is no law authorizing this appropriation.
Mr. DISNKY. I still do not understand the
point upon which the Chair rules this amendment
out of order. I desire to be advised upon that
point.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair referred the
gentleman to the 81st rule, and remarked, as he
now remarks, that it is not embraced in any one
of the three classes of business indicated by that
rule.
Mr. DISNEY. I would like to have that rule
read.
Mr, TAYLOR, of Ohio. I would like to pre-
sent, for the consideration of the Chair, the fact
that this appropriation has been recommended by
the Secretary of the Treasury. It will be found
upon page 11, Ex. Doc. No. 5. He there pro-
poses to establish a marine hospital at Cincinnati.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the rule of the Senate to be to incorporate into
a general appropriation bill any item which has
been recommended by any Department of the
' Government, whether there is a previous law au-
thorizing it or not. Such, however, is not the rule
of the House. The 8lst rule says:
" No appropriation shall be reported xn such general ap-
propriation bills, or hp in order as an amendment thereto
for any expenditure by law, unless in continuation of ap-
propriations for such public works and objects as art* already
in progress, and for the contingencies for carrying on the
sever;il departments of the Government."
Under this rule the Chair decides the amend-
ment to be out of order. Does the gentleman
from-Ohio appeal from the decision of the Chair r
Mr. DISNEY. I appeal from that decision,
and I desire to submit one word.
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal is not debata-
ble. The gentleman can only state the grounds
upon which he takes it.
Mr. DISNEY. Why is it not debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. Because general debate is
closed under the order of the House.
Mr. DISNEY. Debate, then, is limited.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate at all can be
allowed on the appeal.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 desire to state a fact. There
is no law on the statute-book specially authorizing
the construction of any marine hospital in this
Union; nor is there any law on the statute-book
specially authorizing the construction of any cus-
tom-house within the limits of the Republic; yet
everything has been constructed by appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order. He is making an argument on the appeal.
If the gentleman will consult the legislation on the
subject, he will find that all these appropriations
have been inserted in the other end of the Capitol,
and not here. That is so at least since the present
occupant of the chair has been in Congress.
Mr. DISNEY. My recollection of the facts
is as 1 have stated it.
The question was taken; and the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
Mr. SKELTON. I move to amend by insert-
ing the following after the seven hundred and
forty-ninth line:
For the better protection of hfc and property from ship-
wreck on the New Jersey coast by the establishment of
station houses, life-boats, and other apparatus, and to em-
ploy suitable persons to take charge of such property, and
to see that the object named is faithfully executed, $10,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. I present the same question
of order in reference to that amendment.
Mr. SKELTON. The Chair will perceive that
the amendment is proposed to be inserted after
appropriations for similar objects.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any law author-
izing such an appropriation?
Mr. SKELTON. There have been appropria-
tions heretofore made for this object; and life-
boats are on that coast now rotting for want of
some person to take charge of them.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that thfc
amendment in its present shape is not in order.
Mr. SKELTON. I must take an appeal from
that decision, for humanity demands this appro-
priation. My constituents and the country de-
mand that I should appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The question then is,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee V
Mr. SKELTON. I would like ta-ask the Chair
one question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest
to the gentleman that debate is not in order.
Mr. SKELTON. I do not want to debate, but
merely to ask a question of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. That is debate.
The question was then taken on it; and the de-
cision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. BRIDGES. I offer the following amend-
ment:
At the end of line eight hundred and fourteen insert the
following words:
For office rent for the consul at Zurich, Switzerland?
$100.
The amendment is merely for office rent for the
United States consul at Zurich, Switzerland. I
hope there will be no objection to it.
Mr. HAVEN. I eubmitto the Chair that that
amendment is out of order here. It should come
from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BRIDGES. I will say to the gentleman
that this consulate was established m 1852. The
present incumbent was appointed m 1853; and I
presume that the Committee of Ways and Means
were not aware of the existence of that consulate.
The sum of $100 has been appropriated for office
rent in Basle, and the amendment only asks the
same appropriation for Zurich, which is a more
important consulate than that at Basle. There is
more business transacted at Zurich than there is
at Basle, and I therefore hope that the committee
will not refuse to appropriate this sum of $100. I
may also add that the consulate at Basle will soon
be abolished by the President, as it is considered
to be altogether unnecessary.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is in order under the last
clause of the 81st rule, as it is "for continuing
and carrying on the several departments of the
Government."
Mr. BRIDGES. It is as much in order as the
appropriation of $190 for office rent for the con-
sulate at Basle.
Mr. HAVEN. I would, however, submit to
the Chair, that I do not know why custom-houses
should not be considered in the same category.
They are certainly for carrying on the revenue
department of the Government. If appropria-
tions for them aie in order, 1 would like to take
a hand at them. [A laugh.j
