1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1481
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairthinks that the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
is in order, on the ground that he has stated.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment:
After line eight hundred and twenty-nine, insert the fol-
lowing words:
To defray the expenses incurred, and to be incurred, in
complying with the resolution of the House of Representa-
tives of the 14th December, 1853, calling for a statement
of the privileges and restrictions of the commercial inter-
course of the United States with ail foreign nations, and a
table exhibiting a comparative statement between the tariff
of other nations and that of the United States, $10,000.
To enable the Secretary of State to pay to the persons
employed to protcct the property and persons of citizens of
the United States at San Juan de Nicaragua, $L2,000, orso
much thereof as may be necessary to defray the expenses
so incurred.
Here is a detailed statement of these expenses,
if the House desire to have it read. The necessity
for the appropriation of the first $10,000 arises in
pursuance of a resolution of the House; and the
expenditure could not be avoided. The appro-
priation of $12,000 is for an amount contracted by
the Minister to Central America, the necessity for
which is explained by the papers which I send to
the Clerk's desk. If the House desire to know
further about it, they can permit the papers to be
read.
[Cries of " It is not necessary!"]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I am instructed by
the Committee on Foreign Affairs to offer several
amendments to this part of the bill. I send the
first amendment to the Clerk's desk.
The amendment was read as follows:
For fhe payment to James B. llollmans, for services ren-
dered as secretary of legation in Santiago, in the discharge
of clerical duties left unpei formed by his predecessors, $501).
Mr. BAYLY. The facts of this case are
these. There were two secretaries of legation
appointed before Mr. Hollmans, and there was
an accumulation of business upon the hands of the
minister. When this gentleman went there as
secretary of legation, he had to do more than to
keep up the current business of the legation. He
had to bring up the arrears of business, and we
have appropriated to him a sum less than those
who had preceded him would have received, had
they arrived at their places and performed their
duties. The Committee on Foreign Affairs were
unanimous in the recommendation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY. I have another amendment, which
I will send to the Clerk.
The amendment was reported as follows:
For the payment to Henry Savage, at the rate of ,$1,500
per annum, for diplomatic services rendered to the CJmtcd i
States dunng the several periods he has heen in actual
correspondence with the Government of Guatemala and
with the Dopaitment of State of the United States, •■?) 5,750,
or so much thereof as may be necc^ary for that purpose.
Mr. BAYLY. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs did not undertake to ascertain the piecise
amount which ought to be appropriated to this
gentleman; but we recommend to appropriate an
amount that will certainly cover the recommend-
ation of the Secretary of State. Mr. Marcy ad-
dressed a letter to the committee, in which he
inclosed a letter of Mr. Buchanan, showing that
this gentleman had rendered most meritorious
services to the country, and recommending, in
the strongest terms, the remuneration named in
the amendment. We have put in a sum which
will certainly cover it, and we leave it to the State
Department to adjust the precise time during which
he was acting in a diplomatic character. It is
recommended by the Department of State.
Mr. McMULLlN. 1 desire to inquire of my
colleague, if this proposed compensation is in addi-
tion to that which is allowed to him as a foreign
representative? It is a subject, which I confess
I do not understand.
Mr. BAYLY. This gentleman, Mr. Savage,
was not officially in the employment of the Gov-
ernment. That is, he had no commission from
the President, and confirmed by the Senate. But
he was in constant correspondence with the State
Department, from Mr. Buchanan's time down to
the present time. The Secretary of State recom-
mended an allowance of $2,000 per annum; but
the Committee on Foreign Affairs placed it at
$1,500. If I could read the letter which i have
before me from the Secretary of State, which I
have not time to do under the five minutes rule, I
could show, upon the authority of the Secretary
of State, that this gentleman performed the most
meritorious services, and that both Mr. Buchanan
and Mr. Marcy recommended in the stiongest
terms that he should be remunerated. I said he
was not in the official employ of the Government;
but he was an intelligent, enlightened American
citizen, who performed important diplomatic ser-
vice, for which he ought to be paid. That is not
only the opinion of the Executive, but it is the
unanimous opinion of the committee of this House
over which I am proud to preside.
Mr. McMULLIN. I have the utmost confi-
dence in the judgment of the committee over which
my colleague presides. But, sir, it seems to me
that this is rather a novel proposition. This gen-
tleman was not officially employed by the Gov-
ernment; and how do we know that he was not
there upon his own private business, and, at the
same time, carrying on a correspondence with the
Government, thus " killing two birds with one
stone." I am not disposed to make opposition to
this amendment; but it seems to me that it is set-
ting a bad precedent. 1 think we had better
not sanction any Secretary of State, whether Mr.
Buchanan, Mr. Marcy, or anybody else, in cloth-
ing any individual with diplomatic authority in
violation of law; and, therefore, notwithstanding
the confidence which I have in the judgment of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, I hope this
amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. BAYLY. I hope my colleague will allow
me to have the letter of the Secretary of State
read.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will give my time to my
colleague for that purpose, certainly.
The CHAIRMAN, The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. McMullin] had concluded his re-
marks, and yielded the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee I want the five
minutes rule to be strictly enforced.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the letter cannot be
read.
Mr. BAYLY. Oh, I hope the gentleman will
not object.
Mr. JONES. If there is any gentleman on this
floor whom I would accommodate, it is the gen-
tleman, but I do not want the rule to be violated.
Mr. BAYLY. I then move to increase the ap-
propriation one dollar.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
move to amend his own amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I move to increase
the appropriation five dollars.
1 offer this amendment for the purpose of giving
me an opportunity of asking the gentleman from
Virginia a question. 1 ask the gentleman what is
the amount of the apppiopriation ?
Mr. BAYLY. Fifteen thousand dollars. I
now ask for the reading of the letter of the Sec-
retary of State.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
dkpartmknt of st a)
Washington, Febiuary 13, 1^54. )
Sir: I have the honor to reply to that portion of your
letter ot the Stlunstant, which infers to Mr. Hemy Savage's
claim for compensation for diplomatic service? in (Guate-
mala, since 18H0, bv ilie following statement.
From early in 1H30 until toward fire close of 1833, Mr.
Henry Savago corresponded with thm Department, in a dip-
lomatic character, and as, during that period, there was
no charjr^ d'affaires of the United States to that Republic,
he assumed tiie functions of that agent.
ft also appear", tlmt from the spring of 1812, =ay April or
May, until the 17th November, 184S, Mi. Savage acted as
charge, in the absence of any accredited agent, to Uentral
Ameiic.*.
He has al«o corresponded with this Department from the
10th May, 1850, until the present time, during which period
there has been no accredited representation of the United
States to the Republic of Guatemala, and the archives and
properly ot the former legation m Guatemala have been
almost constantly in his care. The only communication
on record addressed to him m relation to his diplomatic cor-
respondence, is by Mr. Huchanan, under dare of June 3d,
1848, which acknowledges the receipt of letteis from 18th
June, 1843, to 30th Match, 1848, and adds: "These let-
ters have furnished the Department with mo*t acceptable
information upon the subject of Central Amenean affairs,
within the periods mentioned, for which I offer you my
hearty thanks."
It may be proper to state further, that the information
communicated to the Department by Mr. Savage, has al-
ways been interesting and important. In view of these
facts, and of the ^emces rendered by Mr. Savage to the
interests of the United States, and ot'then citizen's, the
Department, though not prepared to recommend that tiiese
services should be remunerated at the rate ot" a charge's
salary, is still of the opinion that an allowance, at the rate
ot $1,500 or $2,000 per annum, might, with entire piopriety,
be made for Mr. Savage's diplomatic services during the
several periods he has been in actual correspondence with
the Government of Guatemala, and with this Department.
The memorial of Mr. Savage's representative is here-
with returned.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, W. L. MARCY.
Hon. Thomas II. Bayly,
Chairman Committee Foreign Jiff airs,
House of Representatives.
Mr. BAYLY. It will be perceived, Mr.
Chairman, that, although the Secretary recom-
mends that this gentleman be paid during the time
he was actually employed, from $1,500 or $2,000
a year, the Committee on Foreign Affairs have
taken the smallest sum. They have taken $1,500,
and leave to the State Department to adjust the
time he was actually employed in the diplomatic
service of the country. Here are two Secretaries
in succession approving his services and recom-
mending this compensation. I cannot conceive
how there can be a doubt about the propriety of
the amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. It seems to me that the
amendment is a most extraordinary one. Here
is a gentleman who assumes the authority of our
Minister abroad, representing the sovereignty of
this Union, and corresponds with the Secretary
i of State; and we are now called on to compen-
sate him for so doing. If he were entitled to pay
at all, I think the amount named is a little too
much for this Congress to appropriate
I am opposed to the principle recognized by this
Congress of making the Representatives of the
people the mere machines of the heads of Depart-
I ments. It is becoming a fixed fact in the legislation
I ofthiscountry, that no money can be appropriated
| unless a man dwarfs himself into a sycophant,
: and makes appeals to the heads of Departments
i to recommend appropriations. It is ait outrage
[ on the rights of the people, and I want to see it
! arrested.
! This claim goes back to 1833. I do not know
that it is dishonorable sometimes to plead the
statute of limitations against these claims.
Mr. McMULLlN. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I would inquire whether, this being a first
claim, it ought not to have gone for consideration
to the Committee of Claims ?
Mr. SEWARD. I did not yield the floor to
the gentleman to make a speech. It is no claim
at all. This man was not m the employ of the
Government. The Secretary of State had no right
to make the employment. If he did so we should
repudiate all such contracts.
When public functionaries overleap their pow-
ers, and act m violation of the Constitution of the
country, by recognizing those as foreign ministers
who have not been appointed by the President and
confirmed by the Senate, we ought to repudiate
their acts.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I renew it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I make the point of order,
if it is not too late, that this is a private and indi-
vidual claim. The party to whom the money is
to be paid, was not in the employment of the
Government and was not a public officer, and in
no respect then can this claim be considered other
than as a private claim.
Mr. BAYLY. Upon that point of order I beg
leave to say, that the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means assumes what the papers
show to be an error. The gentleman for whom
this appropriation is asked was in the employ-
ment of the Government.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
the point of order raised by the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Houston] does not come too late,
and the Chair decides that the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] is
not in order, upon the ground that it i.® a private
claim. The Chair will state this, that wherever
amendments are recommended by committees of
the House, it is his practice, if he has any doubts
upon the subject, to rule them m order; but he ap-
plies the rule mor* strictly when amendments are
offered by individual members. The Chair, in this
case, has no doubt that the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Virginia is a private claim,
and therefore rules it out of order.
Mr. BAYLY. It has been the universal rule
here that one committee cannot overrule another.
