in
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
Mr. BOCOQK. I am perfectly willing that the
special order shall be postponed until the gentle-
man from Illinois has concluded his speech.
Mr. KEITT. I trust the gentleman will be
allowed to proceed.
: [General cries of " Go on t " and " Agreed! "]
' The CHAIRMAN. Is it the pleasure of the
committee that the gentleman from Illinois be
allowed to proceed?
'Mr, SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. IvElTT. We can accomplish the same
purpose by taking up the special order, if the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] will allow
the gentleman from Illinois to go on with his
remarks.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope that course will be
pursued.
STEAM FRIGATES FOR THE NAVY.
The CHAIRMAN. Thatcourse will beadopt-
ed. The bill now before the committee for con-
sideration is the special order, being bill No. 52,
" to authorize the construction of six first-class
steam frigates, and for other purposes;"on which
the gentleman from Virginia is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Yates] can proceed, if the time he may oc-
cupy is rtot to come out of my hour.
The CHAIRMAN. That arrangement can be
made by the unanimous consent of the committee
only.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There is no unan-
imous consent, if i am a member.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman from
Illinois cannot proceed; the gentleman from Vir-
ginia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BOCOCK. I am perfectly willing that the
gentleman shall proceed and finish his speech,
provided I can have the floor for an hour when he
has concluded.
The CHAIRMAN. That course is objected
to by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,]
and therefore the gentleman from Illinois cannot
proceed in order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to submit a point
of order to the Chair. The special order is now
before-us for consideration; and if the gentleman
from Virginiadoes not claim the floor, the gentle-
man from Illinois has a right to occupy it; and I
presume there will be no difficulty in the gentle-
man from Virginia obtaining it afterwards.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has assigned
the floor to the gentleman from Virginia now, he
being entitled to it.
Mr. BOCOCK. I am very unwilling to take
the floor from the gentleman from Illinois; hut the
Chair has awarded the floor to me, and if I give it
■up now, I may not be able to get it again.
Mr. KEITT. Then I would sugges!, that when
the gentleman from Virginia has done, the gentle-
man from Illinois should be allowed to finish his
speech.
Mr. HUNT. I hope the gentleman from Illi-
nois will be allowed to go on now; it is the generous
and the proper course, and I hope that no gentle-
man upon this floor will object to his finishing the
speech which he has commenced. 1 believe there
is no objection now.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection was made, and
it jh still pending.
Mr. HUNT, I think the objection is with-
drawn.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Virginia withdraw his objection?
Mr. SMITII. Why, no, sir; 1 understand that
we have taken up another bill. A proposition is
made to let the gentleman from Illinois go on with
bis remarks, the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs waiving his right to the floor for the
time being. What difficulty is there, then? I
think, myself, that it is a very bad practice to dis-
turb the regular order of business, as we are con-
tinually doing.
Mr. HUNT. Courtesy is a good practice, and
might be properly observed on this occasion.
Mr. YATES then resumed and concluded his
speech, in opposition to the Nebraska bill.
[His remarks, withheld for revision, will be
published in the Appendix.]
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will now be read.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move to dispense with the
reading. ' *
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOCOCK obtained the floor.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I rise to a question
of order. It seems to me that we should be en-
croaching too much upon our excellent friend
from Maryland, [Mr. Hamilton,] now in the
chair, if he was required to preside over our de-
liberations in the consideration of two bills—'this
one, and the one which we have just laid aside—
which will probably occupy more than a month.
I therefore move that the committee do now rise,
so as to enable the Speaker to relieve the gentle-
man.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose there will be no
difficulty about that. When a chairman of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
has reported a bill to the House, he is generally
regarded by the Speaker as having discharged the
duty for which he was called; and if the gentle-
man who now occupies the chair should report this
bill to the House, the presumption is that it would
terminate his labors.
Mr. TAYLOR. Very well; then I withdraw
my motion.
Mr. BOCOCK called the attention of the com-
mittee to the bill under consideration, which he
said provided for the construction of six first-class
steam frigates, to be provided with screw propel-
lers, and properly armed and equipped for service;
said vessels and machinery to be built by contract,
or m the Government navy-yards, as the Secre-
tary of the Navy may deem most advisable for
the public interest.
He explained that the bill had been framed in
such form as to conciliate, if possible, all classes
and shades of opinion. The Committee on Na-
val Affairs differed in opinion as to whether these
vessels and their machinery should be built by
contract or in the Government navy-yards. This
difference of opinion doubtless existed among the
members of the House; and to compromise the
matter, the Secretary of the Navy is authorized to
pursue that course which he might deem most ad-
visable. This, in his opinion, should be done; for
the Secretary of the Navy would enjoy, in the in-
vestigation of the subject, many advantages which
the House did not possess.
He then proceeded to show that the increase of
the Navy had not been in proportion to the growth
of the country and the extension of its commerce.
Including all kinds of vessels, we had some sev-
enty-two now in service. Thirty-five years was
about as long as a vessel-of-war could be sup-
posed to last. If the whole Navy was to be re-
placed in that length of time, two vessels should
be built every year for the purpose of supplying
the vacancies of those which had become unfit for
service by reason of natural decay.
Now, no ship had been constructed since 1847,
seven years ayo; and at the rate of building two
vessels every year, according to his argument, it
would be necessary now immediately to construct
fourteen ships-of-war. He dwelt at some length
on the importance of the present crisis in Euro-
pean affairs, and the position of the United States
towards the European Powers now, and with
reference to the future, as arguments in favor of a
regular and greater increase of the American
Navy.
Mr. LYON said that, representing a moral dis-
trict, an agricultural constituency, whose interests
were deeply concerned in this measure, he should
speak to an amendment, which he should offer at
the proper time, for an increase of the Navy to
twelve instead of six war steam frigates.
He then,i/i an animated manner, advocated this
proposed increase of our Navy. He referred to
the various outrages committed upon our citizens
by foreign Governments, which, he said, would
not be arrested without an addition to the Navy.
Hecontended that this increase was also necessary
for the protection of our commerce, and that the
recommendations of the Secretary of the Navy
should be carried out by Congress.
[These speeches will be found in the Appen-
Mr. FRANKLIN obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Uli nois. If the gen-
tleman from Maryland will give way, I will move
that the committee rise.
[Cries of " Go on!" " Go on !"]
Mr. FRANKLIN. I do not yield the floor for
that purpose, but prefer to proceed with my speech
now.
Mr. F. said he was one of those who voted to
refer the Senate Nebraska bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. Although
he announced himself in favor of the principle of
non-intervention, yet the proviso of the bill which
came to the House from the Senate was so odious
to him that he would prefer to consign it to the
deep bosom of the ocean rather than it should
pass the House. He then criticised the proviso,
contending that it intervened in the question' of
slavery by Congress.
[This speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. BARKSDALE obtained the floor.
Mr. DEAN. Will the gentleman give way for
a motion that the committee do now rise? It is
getting late.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I yield the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. DEAN. Then T submit the motion to rise.
The motion was agreed to.
Thecommitteeaccordingly rose,and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr.
Hamilton] reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of Union had had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 48, being a bill " making appro-
priation forthecivil and diplomatic expenses ofthe
Government for the year ending June 30, 1855,"
until the hour fixed for the consideration of the
special order, when the committee took up the
special order, House bill No. 52, being a bill
"authorizing the construction of six first-class
steam frigates, and for other purposes," and come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I hope the gentle-
man from Illinois will withdraw his motion for a
moment. There are some bills on the Speaker's
table which I am very desirous to have refeired,
and it will not take more than a minute or two to
dispose of them.
Mr. ALLEN. I will withdraw my motion for
that purpose.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I move to proceed to the
business on the Speaker's table, with a view of
taking up and referring some bills from the Senate.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, that
course will be pursued.
Mr. COBB. I object.
The Speaker not hearing the objection, a bill
" making grants of the public lands to the several
States ef the Union for the benefit of indigent in-
sane persons "was taken from the Speaker's table,
and read a first time by its title.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
taking up of that bill.
Mr. COBB. And so do I. When it is taken
off the Speaker's table, I want it to be put upon
its passage at once.
The SPEAKER. The Chair proceeded to the
business on the Speaker's table by the unanimous
consent of the House.
Mr. COBB. I objected, but the Chair did not
hear me.
The bill was then read a second time by its title.
Mr. JONES. As the bill is before the House,
I move that it be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On that motion I de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty-five minutes to four o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned until to-morrow, twelve o'cloek.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 29, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitted in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, in relation to the amount of work
done under the appropriations of 1852 for the im-
provement of western rivers and harbors; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. FOOT presented a resolution, passed at a
meeting of the inhabitants of Barton, Vermont,
