1854.
THE CONGlyCSS!ON A L GLOBE.
i4«a
Mr. LETCHER. I do make the point of
order, that it is a private claim.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will answer
the question of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher] His the duty of the Committee of
Ways and Means to report a bill making appro-
priation for all that is due under existing laws.
If triey omit anythin^a® m this case, it is neces-
sary that some other committee should offer an
amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. This is a case which ori-
ginated in the year 1839.
The CHAi R VJ AN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say to my friend
from Georgia that this is not m pursuance of law
as I understand it, at least it is not an estimate
that was ever before the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. BAYLY. I undertake to say, after an ex-
amination of the case, that it is made in pursuance
of law and of a recommendation of the Depart-
ment of State. There is no difficulty about the
payment, except that we want the appropriation
necessary.
The CHAIRMAN. In deciding the question
of order raised by the gentleman from Virginia,
the Chuir adheres to the decision which he made,
and which has been twice affirmed by the commit-
tee, that the bill which is now under consideration
is a bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the year
ending30th June, 1^55,and that these amendments
are not in order to it. The Chair states that if he
hnd been presiding over the committee at the time
when the deficiency bill was under consideration,
he would have entertained these amendments, be-
lieving them to belong to the deficiency bill; but
he cannot do so to the civil and diplomatic hill.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following resolution:
For book« voted to the members of the Thirty-Third Con-
gress hy the punt ie^olutjon nf 24th Febriury, 1854, and by
the resolution of the House of 2lHh June, 1S54, .'$199,510 87.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have an amendment to
offer, which is connected with the paragraph pre-
ceding that to which the gentleman from Georgia
proposes his.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection to hear-
ing the gentleman's amendment read.
Mr. HOUSTON. IVly amendment comes in
after line eight hundred and ninety-seven.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 object, then, to his amend-
ment being offered now.
The object of my amendment, as the House
will perceive, is to provide the necessary amount
of money to pay for the books we have ordered
for the new members, in addition to the one hun-
dred and sixty copies of Hickey's Constitution.
It is not necessary for me to make any remarks
upon the subject, as the House is familiar with
the question. The amount I proposed to appro-
priate covers the entire cost of the books for the
new members, and the one hundred and sixty
copies for the old members. The amendment is
drawn up in conformity to the resolution which
has been passed by this House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I offer the follow-
ing as an amendment to the amendment:
And it sh^ll be the duty of the Clerk of the FIoupp to
pnreha-e of any person offering the ?ame at publi-iiers'
prices, any of the works herein appropiiated for, which can-
not be furm->hed by the iespecti\e publishers.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish the gentleman from
Georgia would withdraw his amendment, and
allow it to come in under the next head—miscel-
laneous. It properly comes in under the head
" miscellaneous." I have an amendment which I
dpsire to offer, and which is connected with the
survey of the public lands.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the amendment qf the gentleman from Geor-
gia comes in after the first clause, under the head
M miscellaneous."
Mr HOUSTON. I did not so understand it.
If that is so, I have an amendment which I am
instructed by the Committee of Ways and Means
to offer before the head miscellaneous" is taken
up.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was milled
as to the place where the gentleman desired t.o
have his amendment come in, from the fact that
he indorsed ittocome in at line eight hundred and
ninety-eight instead of line ei^ht hundred and
ninety-seven. The amendment is properly in
order before the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Georgia.
The amendment of Mr. Houston was then read,
as follows:
For lite salaries and incidental expenses of the commis-
sion appointed miner I he act of M.treb 30,1851, lor settling
la.id claim* in California, .$lUrj,50U.
The amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendmentofthe gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] to the amendment of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Sewird.]
Mr. DISNEY. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment before that amendment is acted upon, to
come in before the head " miscellaneous." It is
in pursuance of the estimates made by the Com-
missioner of the Land Office, to carry out the
provisions passed a few days since for extending
the surveys of the public lands.
The amendment was read, as follows:
For *urveymj,' the necessary base, meridian, standard,
parallels, township and section lines, m New Mexico,
$Jl> UiiO.
For fiurveyms the nece-^ary base, meridian, standard,
parallels, township and section lines, in Kansas and Ne
brf^ksi, $50,000.
For the sai.uy of the surveyor general of New Mcxico,
and ele.ks m Ijh office,
For salary of the Mirveyor general of Kansas and Ne-
braska, and clerks hi his ollice, .$J,OtiO
For ofiiee rent, luel, and incidental expenses, in New
Mexico, $3,000.
For cleik hire, office rent, fuel, and incidental expense-*,
m Kaiifa* and Nebula, (j$6,0u<) beui« allowed lor office
rent, luel, and incidental expenses,) $t4,yoil.
Mr. DISNEY. I simply desire to say that
this amendment is offered by direction of the
Committee on Public Lands. It has been pre-
pared in accordance with estimates furnished by
the General Land Office. It is necessary to carry
out the provisions in the various teintorial bills
providing for the survey of the public lauds m
these Territories.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Jones's
amendment to the amendment offered by Mr.
Seward.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman,
this amendment, if adopted, will have no influence
and no effect upon the books that members are to
receive; but it is merely applicable to the Clerk,
who is charged with the duty of purchasing these
books. If the publishers have these books, he
will take them at the publishers' prices; but if
they do not have them on hand, and cannot fur-
nish them, the Clerk then, under the present ar-
rangement, may procure them of other persons,
at any price he can get them for, and furnish them
to us at the publishers' price. The sole object
which I have m offering this amendment, is to
prevent the Clerk from purchasing these books of
other persons at less than the publishers' price,
and thus making the Government pay for them at
the publishers' price.
Mr. SEWARD I am somewhat surprised that
the gentleman from Tennessee should undertake
to provide for such an emergency as he speaks of,
and which he seems to contemplate. Sir, if the
gentleman from Tennessee were to have the man-
agementofthe matter himself, i imagine thp mem-
bers would be deprived of their bonks altogether;
for I understand him to be opposed in toto to this
whole appropriation.
Mr JONES. I am.
Mr. SE WARD. The gentleman from Tennes-
see believes the whole system to he wrong. Well,
sir, I am not disposed to argue that question with
him at this time. I might do it, if the original
proposition were now before the committee. I
will simply say that the furnishing of these one
hundred and sixty copies of the Constitution to
ea<-h member U a matter of no personal concern
to the members themselves. They aie furnished
for distribution, and not for the members them-
selves. But, sir, I think the gentleman has some
ulterior object in offennghis amendment which
he has not disclosed. I hold that the Clerk of this
House is not compelled to go into the market and
purchase the books at any given price. He is to
purchase them for whatever they are worth, and
furnish them to the Government at the price he
oays for them. But f do not beheve th s is what
the gentleman from Tennessee desires to accom-
plish. He has some ulterior purpose, that does
not appear upon the face of the amendment, which
he hns not the frankness to disclose.
Mr. JONES, The gentleman from Georgia is
mistaken in toto. No such purpose exists, except
in the imagination of the gentleman. The amend-
ment is plain and simple. It speaks for iiseif.
Mr. SEWARD. Then why is it that the gen-
tleman insists upon this amendment? Is it because
he thinks the Clerk of the House will punhase
these books at one price, and sell them to the Gov-
ernment at another price?
Mr. JONES. I want the Clerk to procure
them at the publishers' prices, and the Govern-
ment to pay for them at the publishers' prices*.
Mr SEWARD. Certainly. It is to prevent
the Clerk from practising a fraud upon the Gov-
ernment. Under the resolution, as it now stands,
it is the duty of the Clerk to purchase the books
upon the best possible terms, and subserve the
interests of the Government as best he can. I
think the amendment unnecessary, and 1 hope
the committee will vote it down. I ask for tellers,
Teller-* were not ordered.
The question was taken; a?P>d the amendment
was rejected; there being,on a division—ayes 47,
n jes 80.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to reduce
the amount of the amendment of the gentleman
from Georgia, $99,000. I have no hope of the
adoption of the motion for reduction; but 1 move
it simply for the purpose of making a brief expla-
antion.
The gentleman from Georgia said that members
were not interested in thecopies of H ickey's Con-
stitution, ordered yesterday. I concede that they
are not, beyond a very slight electioneering distri-
bution of them.
Mr. SEWARD. Has not the gentleman been
in the habit of electioneering m that way ever
since he has been in Congress?
Mr. JONES. I have distributed what books
were voted me among my constituents.
I was £uing to remark, that there is one indi-
vidual who is peculiarly interested in this matter,
and he is the compiler of Hickey's Constitution.
There have been furnished the Senate heretofore,
wuh those now ordeied, thirty-nine thousand
eight hundred and sixty-six copies of that book,
at a cost of $40,366. The first two thousand were
at $1 25 per copy, the rest at §1 each.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
I think that the gentleman ought to confine his
remarks to the character of his amendment. He
is discussing the general question.
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir; I have moved to re-
duce the appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The remarks of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee will be m order,if he pro-
poses to apply them by showing that the appro-
priation should be less than that contemplated,
because the books can be purchased cheaper.
Mr. JONES. The House has had furnished
it heretofore four hundred and ninety six copies,
which it is reported to me from the Clerk's office
cost two dollars each. The first of them did coat
two dollars; hut I ask the House 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 call the gentleman to order.
He is not m order m talking of the past transac-
tions of the Clerk of the House in reference to the
purchase of these books.
Mr. JONES. I am going on to show, Mr.
Chairman, that these booke ought not to co3t as
much as is proposed.
Mr. SEWARD. Let the gentleman confine
his remarks to the present cost.
The CHAIRMAN, if the gentleman's object
be as he states, the Chair is of the opinion that
he is in order
Mr. JONTES. The four hundred and ninety-
six copies heretofore furnished th* House, at two
dollars each, would amount to $992. The num-
ber ordered for the present House is thirty-ei^ht
thousand six hundred mid twenty-two, which, at
one dollar, will cost £33,622; making:, with what
the Senate have taken, $79,970. It is estimated, I
believe, by those who know something abjut what
the cost of this work is, that it can be published
at a cost of forty cents a volume, leaving some
sixty cents clear profit upon each volume. If
ihat estimate is right, the whole amount paid to
Mr Hickey will be ^79,970; the profit derived by
him from the sale ot the work will be $47,982;
and he w all the time m the employment of the
Government as one of the officers of the Senate,
and his salary has bo<,n increased within the last
year to $1,800 or ^2,000 !f we strike out the
amount named m the amendment* and have these
