1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7T8
remonstrating against the repeal of the Missouri
compromise; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Lancaster, New
Hampshire, remonstrating against the passage of
the Nebraska bill in its present form; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. GWIN presented a petition of citizens of
Washington city, District of Columbia, praying
that Pennsylvania avenue, in that city, may be
paved with the Russ pavement; which was re\
ferred to the Committee for the District of Colum-1
bia.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of Choctaw county, Mississippi, praying the es-
tablishment of a mail route from France to Double
Springs, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. EVER.ETT presented the memorial of
Henry Cronchey, a British subject, praying com-
pensation fofhis services as clerk to the United
feiates Legation at London; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, resolutions passed at a meetin^of citizens
of Adams, Massachusetts, remonstrating against
the passage of the Nebraska bill in its present
form; which were ordered to lie on the table
Also, resolutions passed at the annual meeting
of the lesral voters of Beverly, Massachusetts, held
March 13,1854, remonstratingagainstthepassage
of the Nebraska bill in its present form; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Also, resolutions passed at a meeting of citizens
of JBridgewater, Massachusetts, remonstrating
against the passage of the Nebraska bill in its
present form; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Harwich, Massa-
chusetts, remonstrating against the passage of the
Nebraska bill in its present form; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a memorial of the President and Faculty
of Williams College, Massachusetts, praying for
a grant of land to the various colleges in the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also,the petition of John W. Post, praying the
aid of Congress to enable him to test a system of
telegraphic communication by atmospheric pres-
sure, of which he claims to be the inventor; which
was referred to the select committee on that sub-
ject.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of in-
habitants of Portland, Maine, praying an increase
of duty on all cigars imported into the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, presented
the memorial of 33. A. May and others, on b'.half
of the creditors of the late Republic of Texas,
praying payment of certain Texas bonds; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FiSH presented a petition of the Society
of Universal Democratic Republicanism, protest-
ing against the passage of the Nebraska and Kan-
sas bill, with the clause refusing the right of suf-
frage to foreigners who may have given notice of
their intention to become citizens of the United
States; which was ordered to he on the table.
Also, the petition of A.S. DePeysterand others,
late weighers, gaugers, and measurers in the cus-
tom-house at New York, praying the settlement
of their claims for fees, under the acts of March 2,
1790, and April 26, 1816; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, the petition of Patience Hurd, praying a
pension on account of the services of her father,
John Twickei,in the revolutionary war; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PET FIT presented a petition of citizens of
Jasper, Indiana, praying that a grant of land may
be made to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Fort Wayne, Indiana, to Council Bluff
City, on the Missouri river; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented
two memorials of citizens of New Jersey, pray-
ing a further appropriation for the completion of
the piers at Reedy island, in the Delaware river;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Also, resolutions passed at the annual town
meeting of citizens of Woodbury, New Jersey,
held in March, 1854, against the itpeal of the Mis-
souri compromise; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of New
Jersey, in favor of a donation of land to the several
States for lunatic asylums; which were ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of New
Jersey, in relation to the public domain; which
were ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. PEARCE presented additional documents
in support of the application of Obed Hussey for
an extension of his patent; which were referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. ADAMS presented the petition of John L.
Allen and A. R. Carter, land officers, at Augusta,
Mississippi, praying an increase of compensation;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. SLlDELL presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Louisiana in favor of a donation of
land for the education of the deaf and dumb and
the blind; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TOUCEY presented the petition of the fac-
ulty of Trinity College, Connecticut, praying that
a township of land may be granted to each incor-
; porated college or university m the United States;
' which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. STUART presented documents relative to
the claim of the Michigan Central Railroad Com-
pany for compensation for the transportation of
the mail; which were referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER presented resolutions passed at
a meeting of citizens of Mansfield, and resolutions
passed at the annual town meeting held at West
Boylston, Massachusetts, against the passage of
the Nebraska bill; which were ordered to he on
the table. 1
Mr. CASS presented a petition of citizens of
Camden, New York, praying the enactment of
such laws as will best secure religious freedom to
foreigners resident or traveling in foreign coun-
| tries; which was referred to the Committee on
! Foreign Relations.
| Mr. CLAY presented a memorial of the Legis-
! lature of Alabama, praying compensation for
I horses purchased for the volunteers in the United
! States service in the war against the Creek In-
dians; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented two petitions
of citizens of Iowa, praying the establishment of
a mail route from Charleston to Mount Pleasant;
I which were referred to the Committee on the Post
i Office and Post Roads.
I Also, two petitions of citizens of Iowa, praying
; the establishment of a mail route from Clayton to
i West Union; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Iowa, praying
1 the establishment of a mail route from West
i Point to Keosauqua; which were referred to the
j Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
j Also, a petition of citizens of Iowa, praying
j the establishment of a mail route from Osceola to
| Peru; which was referred to the Committee on
i the Post Office and Post Roads. 1
Also, a petition of citizens of Clermont, Iowa, ,
praying the establishment of a mail ro'^te from |
McGregor's Landing to West Union; wn«h was i
referred to the Committee on the Post Om^Jfcuid j
Post Roads. ^ i
Also, the petition of Robert A. Kinzie and I
John H. Whistler, licensed Indian traders, pray- ;
ing payment for supplies furnished the Sac and
Fox Indians; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Allaire.
Mr. BUTLER presented the petition of W. J.
Grayson, of Cnarleston, South Carolina, praying
to be allowed a commission on money received
and paid by him on account of the new custom-
house at Charleston, South Carolina; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented resolutions j
passed at a meeting of citizens of Muscatine, !
Iowa, held at the court-houseon the!7thofMarch, i
1854, against the passage of the Nebraska bill;,
which were ordered to he on the table. j
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES, j
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Pensions, !
to whom was referred the petition of Thomas ■
Foster and others, praying that the pensions
allowed by the act of July 7,1838, to a certain class
of widows, and subsequently continued for life,
may be allowed for an interval of two years, which
was omitted in continuing the pensions, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the widow of C, L.*
Williamson, late a commander in the Navy, pray-
ing to be allowed the pension which her husband
received during his life, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, to whom were referred documents in re-
lation to the claim of Sylvanus Culver, heir of
Samuel Pearson, to a patent for land for which a
warrant was issued to said Pearson, and lost or
mislaid, but never patented, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill, for his relief; which was
read and passed to a second reading. The report
was ordered to be piinted.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the memoiial
of Manuel Hernandez, praying a tract of land
equivalent to one purchased by him, the title to
which was confirmed by the commissioners of
land claims in Florida, but the land subsequently
sold by the United States to another person, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by abill for his relief;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill from
the House of Representatives to provide for the
distribution of arms to the several States and Ter-
ritories, reported it back, with amendments. He
asked for its immediate consideration, but objec-
tion was made.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution of the Le-
gislature of Wisconsin, recommending a reprint
of D. D. Owen's report of a survey of the min-
eral lands in Iowa, Wisconsin, and northern Illi-
nois, reported adversely thereon; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution allowing the use of
a certain portion of the census returns for the
preparation of a work on the manufactures of
the United States, submitted an adverse report
thereon.
PATENT OFFICE AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Printing
have directed me to report in favor of printing
thirty-seven thousand live hundred copies of the
agricultural portion'of the Patent Office report.
I will say, that this will make the whole number
of both portions of the Patent Office report pre-
cisely equal to that which was printed last year.
We have reduced the mechanical part five thou-
sand, and increased the agricultural part by the
same number. If there be no objection, I ask
that the question may now be taken, on the fol-
lowing order, which I have been directed to report
from the Committee on Printing:
" Ordered, That there be pt intod, for the use of the Sen-
ate, tlurty-bt'ven thousand five hundred additional copies
of the agricultural poition of the Patent Ottice report, with
the plates accompanying the frame, two thousand five hun-
dred of which shall be lor the u e of die Patent Office.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that will not be con-
sidered now. 1 move that the further considera-
tion of the order be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
SURVEYS OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands to report back, with
an amendment, the bill to provide for the suiveys
of the public lands in the Territory of New Mex-
ico, and for other purposes. I give notice that I
shall call up the bill for consideration at a veiy
early day, as it is intended to establish a land
system for that distant Territory, which is now
suffering for the want of it.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered. That the documents relating to the, claim of
Jame* Myer In; withdrawn from the files oi the St'f.ate,
and refined to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. MORTON, it was
Ordered, ThatUiepetiUonol'Robeit Joyner be withdrawn
