1484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
books printed by the public printer, they would
cost us about forty cents per copy, and it would
save some $25,000 to the Government.
Mr. SEWARD. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether Mr. Hickey has not secured the
copy-right of this work?
Mr. JONES. 1 do not know, indeed. It is the
Constitution of the United States, Washington's
Farewell Address, the Declaration of Independ-
ence, and some few other things of that kind.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SEWARD. I understood the gentleman
from Tennessee, yesterday, to take the position
that these books, when published, are put into
the market, and that, they are sold for a priceless
than the publisher's price. I do not see how it is
possible that these books* can be sold for a less
price than the Government pays Mr. Hickey for ;
them, unless the gentleman intends to make a
general charge against members of Congress that
they intend to take the one hundred and sixty
copies of the Constitution and put them into the
niaiket. I hope the gentleman will state where
these books are to be found, what private indi-
viduals have them in their possession, and how
they can get into the market? If the publisher
can sell more than he has published, to the Gov-
ernment, as that amendment contemplates, I de-
sire to know how it is that private individuals can
get them at sixty cents a volume.
Mr. JONES. The amendment which I offered
before, about the purchasing of books, could not
apply to Mr. Hu-key's book, because he can fur-
nish you as many as you want.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 understood the amendment
as contemplating that the Clerk could make the
purchase of the books for less money from private
individuals. I desire to know how these books
get into the hands of private parties, so that they
can sell them for a less price than the publisher.
1 have heard it said in private circles that mem-
bers of Congress sell the books they receive from
the Government. I hold it to be the duty of Con-
gress to expel any member who shall be guilty of
such a thing.
Mr. JONES. As I before stated, Mr. Chair-
man, it is these hooka which are out of print, in
the hands of thepubhshers, and not Mr. Ilickey's
work on the Constitution. It is your " American
Archives," your "State Papers," and some of hers;
and 1 ask if they are in the hands of the publish-
ers'2 If so, why put into the resolution yester-
day that provision, that if any of these books can-
not be procured they may buy other books in
lieu of them to the same amount ? That is the pro-
vision of the resolution; and I would ask again if
many of these books which are distributed have
not been redistributed, by being purchased, and
given our a^am and again ? There have been more
copies of them distributed by Congress than ever
were printed in the country.
Mr. SEWAR i). if that be true, all that I have
to say in relation to it is, that if the gentleman
from Tennessee lias information to that effect, he
ought to place it before the House.
Mr. JONES. I can tell the gentleman from
Georgia thaU one of his colleagues told me here
that he had bought, some years ago, a full set of
books, which had been voted to a member of Con-
gress, costing some $500 or $600, at $125.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I understand the
gentleman fiom Tennessee to object, because
these books are sometimes found m the hands of
individuals to whom they were not assigned by
Congress. But if a member of Congress die, what
use would his family have of his statutes, or of
his lav/ library, or of ln<> congressional docu-
ments? They may, of course, in such a case, be
sold.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CUA1RMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. JONES. I would wish to alter that by
reducing the appropriation to $38,000.
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman cannot mod-
ify the lesolution.
Mr. JONES, lean modify my own proposi-
tion. I move to reduce the appropriation to
$38,424.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can mod-
ify hi? proposition under the rules of the House,
though he cannot withdraw it.
The question was taken on the motion to re-
duce the appropriation to $38,424; and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. BARRY. I propose to offer the same
amendment as that offered by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr Jones,] a few moments since,
with the alteration of a word or two.
Mr. SEWARD. I object, ff it is the same
amendment as that offered by the gentleman from
Tennessee, it has already been decided by the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. It would not be in order
to offer the same amendment. The Clerk will
read it, that the committee may decide whether
it js the same.
The amendment was read, as follows:
And it will be the duty of the Clerk of the House to
purchase from any person offering the same, at not more
than publishers' prices, any of the books herein appropii-
ated tor, which cannot be furnished by the respective pub-
lishers.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is in
order.
Mr. BARRY. The object of my amendment
is simply this: It is well understood that after
the order for the distribution of these books has
been made by the House, the publishers ,send
round the country and buy the books as best
they can, at one lialf, one quarter, and even
sometimes at a less proportion of the original price.
They then bring these second-hand books and
sell them to the Congress of the United States at
the original price at which they were sold. The
amendment which I offered will, if adopted, enable
those who possess books which we desire to
procure to offer them to Congress at less than
publishers' prices. This will prevent publishers
from having a monopoly, as they have under the
present system. This thing, as everybodyknows,
has grown into an outrageous abuse. Every man
here is aware of it, although it is not susceptible
of proof. There is not a gentleman on this floor
who would question or dispute the fact that books
which have been voted to members of Congress
are sold half a dozen times over, and may again
be sold half n do7en times over. Members of
Congress die, whose libraries are sold as private
property. Members of Congress dispose of these
books, or they fall into the hands of those who
dispose of them; and then publishers buy them
again.
There is no excuse and no palliation for the
course of voting these books to members to such
a large amount, except the single fact that former
members of Congress have received these books,
and now they must be voted to new members, as
they had been voted on former occasions to old
ones. Thus it goes on m constantly increasing
proportion; and there will be no limit to it but
the continuance of the Government and the want
of means by Congress to buy these books. It
originated, as abuses generally do, in a small be-
ginning. It set out, at the start, with voting to
members a few books which they could not pur-
chase, which were only published by the Govern-
ment, and which, consequently, could not be had
by those even who were willing to spend their
money for them. The next step was to add books
which every man could buy, and which every
man, who needed a library, was bound to buy.
Thus it was that the Congress of the United States
placed itself in the condition of voluntarily going
into the market and purchasing books for them-
selves. For this there is no apology except their
own feelings of economy, and their desire to save
their own money and to spend the money of the
people.
Now, the one hundred and sixty copies of
Hickey's Constitution, which you have voted to
yourselves, will not go to the people who are not
able to purchase them for themselves, but they
will be sent by members of Congress to their par-
ticular friends throughout the country, who are
men of influence, activity, and energy, and who
will use them to aid these members of Congress
in their canvass. I say they will not go to indi-
viduals who want the information, but are desti-
tute of the means to purchase it. They will go
to those who can purchase the book; and the ap-
propriation of the books will turn out to be a
mere gratuity to men of character and fortune
throughout the country. Every man must know
this. You will find in the next canvass this
Hickey's Constitution, sent by members of Con-
gress, on the center tables, and in the most expen-
sive libraries 
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman is not debating the merits of the
question. The gentleman talks about distributing
these books for the benefit of individual members.
It must be that the gentleman intends to distribute
these one hundred and sixty volumes for his own
benefit.
Mr. BARRY. If I were to do it, I should have
illustrious precedents; and it would only be doing
what forty-nine out of fifty members will do.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
gentleman from Mississippi is taking a great deal
of latitude in his remarks.
Mr. BARRY. It may be; but I am illustrating
the abuse of this system; and my amendment
proposes to remedy that abuse, so far as it can be
done. I propose to enable the Clerk of the House
to purchase those books from any man who will
sell them to him, provided he does not ask more
than the publishers' prices. The resolution, as it
passed the other day, requires him to give the
publishers' prices, although they may be second
or third-hand books.
I understand there was a resolution offered
some years ago, that each member's name should
be put upon every volume voted to him, so that
it could not be resold, without its giving evidence
of the source from which it came. Such a course
ought to be adopted now; and if adopted, there
would be an end of all this reselling of books by
members.
Mr. CHANDLER. All which that amend-
ment contains is in the resolution as adopted.
The imputation which the honorable gentleman
has cast upon members of Congress may be de-
served or may not be deserved. Self-respect will
lead us all to suppose that each man upon our
right and upon our left is as pure as ourselves. I
trust, therefore, that no resolution will be adopted
of the kind which implies that members of Con-
gress are, instead of being honorable, dishonor-
able gentlemen; instead of being in the reception
of valuable documents for the purpose of distri-
bution, are vending out their wares to clerks or
somebody else. If such a misfortune should
befall any of us, it will be time enough then for
gentlemen to come forward and make personal
explanations.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not wish
gentlemen of the committee to suppose that I
make any imputation upon them for selling their
books.
Mr. HENN. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman is not arguing against the amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Chandler] was, and I am speaking
in his time. I believe that when the House votes
books to a member he takes them as private prop-
erty, and he has as much right to sell them in
market, and to do what he pleases with the money,
as he has to appropriate his per diem and mileage
as he chooses.
Mr. CHANDLER. The only remark I shall
make in reference to that amendment is, that all
of it that is valuable is contained in the resolution
introduced a few days since explanatory of the
joint resolution. We cannot alter that resolution
"with propriety; and it is hardly necessary for us
to undertake it.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the original amendment offered by Mr. Sew-
ard; and being taken, the amendmentwas agreed
to.
Mr. MURRAY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to offer the following amend-
ment: *
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
purchase from the publishers, Messrs. Lippincott, Grambo
& Co., two hundred copies of the second and third volumes
of Schoolcraft's History, &c 3 of the Tndian tubes of the
United States, to coinph-te the sets of new members of the
Uousu of Representatives, at three dollar and fifty cents
per volume, $1,400 : Provider!, That the said volumes bhall
be of the same style and quality of those heretofore fur-
nished.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. MURRAY. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to offer the following:
1. For the completion of the printing of the fii'sit &usoion
of the Tinrtj -Third Congress, $20,000;
