774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
fVom the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Naval A ffsurs.
On motion by Mr. FISH, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Seneca G. Simmons, pray-
ing compensation for services as secretary to the commis-
sioners for tbe Creek and Osage Indians, be withdiawn
fronx the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Oh motion by Mr. FISH, it was
- - Ordered, That the petition of Seneca G. Simmons, re-
lating to certain public money stolen from his possession,
be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill to establish additional land districts in
the Territory of Minnesota was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
REVISION OF REVENUE LAWS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the joint
resolution authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay the expenses of codifying and revising
the revenue laws.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the joint resolu-
tion, with the amendment of the House thereto,
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, was received by Mr. Webster, his Sec-
retary, announcing that he had approved and
signed the following acts:
An act to extend the warehousing system by
establishing* private bonded warehouses, and for
other purposes; and
An act for the relief of George G. Bishop and
the legal representatives of John Arnold, deceased.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, an-
nounctng that it had passed the bill from the
Senate for the benefit of citizens and occupants of
the town of Council Bluffs, in Iowa.
CADETS AT WEST POINT.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint resolution
from the House of Representatives, explanatory
of the law regulating the number of cadets to he
appointed to theM ilitary Academy at West Point,
have directed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and to ask for its immediate consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the joint resolution as in committee of
the whole.
It proposes to resolve that, whenever, by a re-
arrangement of the congressional districts m any
State, more than one cadet shall be thrown into
tbe same congressional district, there shall not-
withstanding be appointed, in the manner now
prescribed by law, one cadet for every other dis-
trict from which there may be no cadet at the in-
stitution, to be entered at the commencement of
its next regular session.
Mr. RUSK. I should like to understand this
joint resoiution,and I hope the honorable Senator
will give us some explanation what it is intended
to remedy.
Mr. SHIELDS. This is a joint resolution from
the House, providing for giving cadets to those
new congressional districta which have none under
the present construction of the law. That is the
object.
Mr. CASS. Does it increase the number of
cadets?
Mr. SHIELDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASS. I will not argue the point, but I
merely wish to say, that I have not been furnished
with the slightest evidence to show that there is
any necessity for this increase; and I think it is
better that a congressional district should go
without a cadet until it can be regularly supplied,
rather than create an office which the public ser-
vice does not need.
Mr. SHIELDS. I had hoped that we should
have disposed of this resolution without discus-
sion, so as to avoid the consumption of timp; but
I will state to the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan what will be its operation: By the rearrange-
ment of the congressional districts, two and some-
times three cadets have been thrown into one
district. This has been occasioned by cutting off'
a new district from two or three old ones. The
present law requires that the cadet should live in
the district from which he is appointed. The
effect is to leave many new districts at the present
time without any cadet. This resolution is to
enable the Department to fill up the cadets by
having one from each new district. It does not
add to the ultimate number of cadets, because
when the term of these additional cadets shall
expire, they will go out of course, and there can
be only one new appointment from each district.
Ultimately, then, the effect is, not to increase the
number of cadets, but to put the new districts on
the same footing with the old.
Mr. RUSK. I think the joint resolution covers
moreground than thehonorableSenator supposes,
as he will see when becomes to examine it closely.
It provides " that nothing in any act of Congress
now contained shall be construed to deprive any
congressional district in the United States of its
right to a cadet at the Military Academy at West
Point.M That may be perfectly right; but then
it goes on to say, " but that whenever, by a rear-
rangement of congressional districts in any State,
more than one cadet shall be thrown into the same
congressional district, notwithstanding said fact,
there shall be appointed, in the manner now pre-
scribed by law, one cadet for every other district
from which there may be no cadet at said institu-
tion, to be entered at the commencement of its
next regular session."
Now, sir, take, for instance, the case of the
Stale where there are two congressional districts:
"Whenever by rearrangement of the congres-
sional districts m any State"—which can be, and
is always, done by act of the Legislature of the
State—" more than one cadet shall be thrown
into the same congressional district," there is to
be, notwithstanding this fact, a cadet for the other
district. Then, whenever the Legislature of a
State in which there are two congressional dis-
tricts rearranges those districts in such a way
that both the cadets who have been appointed are
thrown into the same district, a new cadet is au-
thorized to be appointed from the other district;
and thus a State with two Representatives in the
other House would have three cadets at West
Point.
Mr. GWIN. That difficulty cannot arise, be-
cause they are rearranged but once in every ten
years, under the census as then taken.
Mr. RUSK. Oh, no! The Legislatures of the
States oftentimes make a rearrangement.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the resolution lie
upon the table; and I hope in making that motion
I shall not be misunderstood. I will call it up to-
morrow; but I desire now to have the deficiency
bill considered.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope not. I think there
will be no 
The PRESIDENT. The Chair decides that
the motion is not debatable.
Mr. SHIELDS. Therefore I ask the honor-
able Senator to withdraw it. I have no special
anxiety for this bill as to whether it passes or not.
I desire, however, to put it in such a form as to
obviate the objections presented.
Mr. GWIN. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. SHIELDS. I want to let the resolution
pass over for the present, in order to make it so
clear that every Senator may understand it.
Mr. GWIN. Very well; let it be postponed.
The further consideration of the joint resolution
postponed until to-morrow.
ppi
Si_
l he funth
s thenrpc
)n^the rr
DEFICIENCY BILL.
On^he motion of Mr. GWIN, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill from the House of Representa-
tives to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1854, the pending question being on the
amendment submitted by Mr. Bayard, to insert
in the following: amendment reported from the
Committee on Finance—
"Sec—. tfirid be it further enacted, That before any
payment shall hereafter be made to any invalid pensioner,
whose name shall have been upon the pension list two
year*, he shall produce to the agent for paying pensions to
whom he shall apply for payment the affidavit of two sur-
geons or physicians, approved by the Secretary of the In-
terior, staling, from personal examination, the continuance
of the disability, describing it, for which the pension was
originally granted, and the date of such disability at the
time of making such affidavit; and every two year* after
the date of tueh affidavit he shall, before receiving any
further paj ment, produce to said agent a similar affidavit;
and if in said affidavit the disability shall be stated at a rate
below that for which the pension was originally granted,
he shall only be paid at the rate stated in said affidavit—said
affidavit shall be filed by said agents, and carefully pre-
served, and copies thereof shall be transmitted, with the
seini-am.u.i] jeturnsof said agents, to the Commissioner
of Pensions, whoshaii tile them with the original papers of
said pensioner, respectively: Provided, That when the pen-
sion shall have been originally granted by a special act of
Congress, or for a. total disability for the loss of hmb, or
other cau&e, which cannot be removed, either in whole or
in part, the above affidavit shall not he required : Jlnd -pro-
vided further, That if any person entitled to an invalid pen-
sion shall be in the possession of a salaried civil office, his
pension shall be suspended during the time of his employ-
ment m said civil office,"
—after the words " salaried civil office," the words
" under the United States."
Mr.PEARCE. The Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Shields] yesterday seemed to me to misunderstand
the spirit and character of the provision now under
consideration, which was proposed by the Com-
mittee on Finance as an amenePment to the bill,
it was spoken of as a petty tinkering economy,
and as a gross outrage upon the rights of a valuable
class of our citizens. Now, sir, the word econo-
my, I know, is scarcely a parliamentary word, and
its use here may almost be considered absurd.
The committee did not make that blunder, nor
urge this amendment upon the score of economy.
It may have occurred to some of them that some
economical reform would result from it; but they
were too wise to present that as a motive to a body
so abundantly liberal as this. They submitted
the amendment for the reason that it was required
by the plain and obvious principles ofthepension
laws. A pension isgiven for adisability. Itisthe
disability which is thesolereason fortnebestowal
of the pension; and can any one tell me why, when
the disability ceases, the pension shall not cease
too? If it does not, then the Tesult contradicts
the principle of the system, and you create a gross
inequality, and do great injustice. If when one
man, who has been pensioned because of a disa-
bility, and who recovers entirely from that disa-
bility, is to have his pension continued, how are
you to do justice to him whose disability does con-
tinue? There is no equality, no equity in making
the same allowance in the two cases. If the
amendment should not be adopted, the man
who recovers entirely from the wounds or diseases
which at first entitled him to the pension, will be
continued on the pension roll, though perfectly
sound, and the man who is shot to pieces, who
loses an arm or other limb, and becomes totally and
forever incapacitated from an y active employment,
will receive no more than the man who is as sound
as the day he entered the army. Certainly, sir,
this is not equality. If you wish to be impartial
between these two classes, you must stop the pen-
sion in the one case, or double it in tbe other.
The amendment proposes—what? Only to ap-
ply the principle which is already acted upon by
the pension system. It is to stop the pension
when the disability stops; and how can you do
that except by havingan examination ? The Sen-
ator from Illinois spoke of the examination as a
degrading thing, and of the affidavit as if it too
were degrading. Why, sir, the pensioner has to
make his affidavit, and submitto an examination,
before he can get a pension originally; and is it
more degrading to go through the same ceremony
again, when he desires the continuance of that pen-
sion, than it was when he first made the applica-
tion ?
Then we are told that the amendment will put
the pensioner to great expense every two years,
because he may live a distance from the medical
men who are to decide upon his case. JVo such
thing is contemplated. The pensioner, wherever
he may be, can easily resort to medical men, and ob-
tain the necessary certificate. Doctors, I believe,
are about as plenty as blackberries throughout the
country; and I will say that I think the faculty
almost everywhere are well educated, intelligent,
and humane people, who are ever ready to per-
form, without pay, such offices as will be required
by these pensioners. I will venture to say, that,
so far from the honest pensioner being cheated
out of his allowance, he will not have the slightest
difficulty in obtaining, and that without fee, the
evidence on which his pension is to be continued.
It is a duty to humanity which the faculty cheer-
fully render.
There are two exceptions contained in the
amendment of which some complaint is made.
One is, that where the pension shall have been
originally granted for a total disability for the loss
