1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fit
of a limb, or where the party has sustained some
other injury of so permanent a character as to
be necessarily remediless, the affidavit sffall not
be required. It is obvious that, where that is the
case, there is no necessity for the affidavit. Then
there is another class in which these forms are
dispensed with. I mean the class of'pensioners
provided for by special acts of Congress. The
reason of that is, that those persons who receive
pensions, under special acts of Congress, are not
entitled to them under the general law, but are
allowed because of special merits, real or supposed,
which are not indicated in ihe law. They get
them by application here, failing to get them at
the proper Department, because they cannot bring
their cases within any recognized principles.
Nobody can say for what reason they were
granted. You cannot go behind the act of Con-
gress; and if you were to require the affidavit and
certificate in such cases, it is very likely that you
might require an impossibility, the party having
received his pension from the special liberality of
Congress, and without being able to show at any
time a case within the principles of the general
law. For that reason the affidavit is excepted in
that case also.
Now, sir, the question before us is simply this:
Whether we shall apply the principle which lies
at the foundation of the pension system or not?
The Senator from Illinois himself admits that
there is a vast number of cases in which the pen-
sion is received, though without the sanction of
the principle. Take, for example, one case which
may be suggested, where parties were pensioned
not for wounds, but for diseases. Many cases
occurred during the late war with Mexico in which
soldiers were prostrated by the dysentery or diar-
rhea, and obtained pensions accordingly. Now,
these diseases are such as either kill, or are cured
in a moderate time. They do not linger through
a long life. The pensioner may have been ren-
dered incapable by them of obtaining his liveli-
hood at the time of application, and most proba-
bly, by the time the two years roll around, he will
be either no more, or wilt be cured of the disease.
Every professional man, I apprehend, will admit
that. But if the disease be removed, is it not
proper that the pension should cease? and how
can you ascertain whether the disability has
ceaSed, unless you require the party to submit to
an examination?
The Senator himself admits that we ought to
strike at the root of tfie whole matter, and reform
the entire system. But how can you reform it,
except in this way? I defy you to produce any
plan to reform the evil other than by a medical
examination; and that is all that the amendment
proposes. The other day 1 heard of the case of a
man who applied for a post office—an office, one
would suppose, which requires the use of a man's
eyes. He was ascertained at the time he made the
application to be actually irf receipt of a pension
for blindness, and yet in the full possession of alt
the faculty of vision required by the employment
which he was seeking. Do you think a pension
ought to be continued in that case ? Yet it must
be continued, unless you adopt some such provision
as this. No, sir, this amendment is a gross out-
rage upon no one, though it will prevent many
outrages upon the Treasury. It is not intended
to subject the honest pensioner to any difficulty
which can be avoided, but to discriminate his case
from that of the man who draws his pension with-
out the legal consideration. You should either
adopt it or dispense with the principle altogether,
and say that the pension shall continue without
reference to the disability.
Now, in regard to the provision that the pen-
sion shall be suspended during the period that the
pensioner is in tne enjoyment of the emoluments
of a salaried civil office." This is the language
of the amendment. The Senator from Illinois
seems to suppose that that will strike from the roll
every pensioner, throughout his State and other
sections of the country, who may happen to be
employed as postmaster of some little village, the
receipts of which office amount to less than his
pension. But the amendment does nottouchsuch
a case. That is not a " salaried civil office." A
salary is a stated annual compensation for ser-
vices. That is the meaning of it. It is not hyper-
critical to make that distinction; it is plain and
obvious. A postmaster receives his pay in the
way of commissions; and it is only in regard to
the postmasters in the cities, where the commis-
sions amount to larger sums than the law allows
a postmaster to receive, and therefore fixes his
compensation at less, that we could say it is in any
sense a salaried office. It is very obvious that
when they receive commissions merely to small
amounts, they are not salaried civil officers, and
therefore the amendment does not touch them. I
do not know, indeed, that it will touch any of
that numerous class of employees who may rather
be considered laborers than salaried officers. For
officers under the United States must be appointed
either by the President, with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, or und* some law vesting the
appointment in the head of a Department. The
language of the Constitution is:
u But the Congress may, by law, vest the appointment of
such inferior officers as they think proper, in the President
alone, m ihe courts of law, or in the heads of Depart-
ments "
Any other than those persons who are appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, or by the courts, or heads of
Departments, in virtue of some law vesting the
appointment in them, are not officers in the sense
of the Constitution, and therefore not officers in
the sense of the law. I suppose, indeed, that all
the class of employees whose appointment is
made by the heads of the Bureaus and such other
officers, would not come within the principle of
this amendment. It wilt not, therefore, touch the
classes of employees with smatl compensation.
It might touch persons who receive $1,000 a year;
and 1 think, myself, that a man who receives a
salary of $1,000 a year ought not to be pen-
sioned.
Now, sir, this principle has been applied to the
Navy by the Navy pension biil of 1841, which
contains the following section:
u Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That no officer4, sea-
man, or marine, entitled to a pension from ihe Navy pen-
sion fund, who receives pay from the public Treasury, shall
receive more from the said fund than is sufficient to make
the whole amount received from the above-named sources
equal to the pay fixed by law for the grade to which the
officer, seaman, or marine may belong as an officer in the
services in which he may be engaged during the year, so
that no officer shall receive pay at the same ume both as a
pensioner and an officer in tiie service."
In the construction of this provision it might be
doubtful, perhaps, as to whether a seaman or ma-
rine could have a pension white in the service; but
the honorable Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Badger,] when Secretary of the Navy, gave the
construction to the law that he could not. 1 have
his decision here:
"The case of seamen and marines seems to present pe-
cuhai difficulties, and I recret the hard consequences to
them of the decision I have been compelled to form. They
cannot, when in service, receive more than their pay, be- j
cause there is no discrimination by law between their com-
pensation when on duty and when unemployed. Hence
it seems to follow that no seaman or marine, while in the
service and receiving pay, can receive any payment at all
on account of a pension."
Mr. SHIELDS. That is the rule already ex-
isting in the Army. A man cannot draw a pension
and draw pay in the Army at the same time.
Mr. PEARCE. Very well; that only strength-
ens the argument. The amendment does not
propose to make any change in that regard. It
is to carry the principle a little further, and apply
to persons occupying civil offices the same rule
which is already applied to those in the military
service. I cannot, for the life of me, see what
reason there is why any distinction should be at-
tempted to be set up between the two, in favor of
the civil employee. If there is any reason for a
distinction, U should exempt the officer, while en-
gaged m the military or naval service, from its
operation; because, I presume, they are subject
to more hardships while engaged on duty in mili-
tary and naval service than those who hold civil
office.
These are the whole objects of the amendment.
It does not propose to inflict any hardship or any
act of degradation upon the pensioners. It is to
apply a principle; and if you do not apply it,
( you had better abolish the pension system, or
! adopt some new principle. If you leave matteis
as they are, you indirectly sanction the drawing
of pensions to which the parties are not entitled
upon a principle of indemnity.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 am not dealing with the in-
tention of the amendment. I am trying to deal
with the amendment as it stands; and if the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland,and the honorable
Senator from Virginia, will give me their atten-
tion, I think I can show them why it is an im-
proper amendment.
In the first place, an invalid soldier who has
been discharged cannot obtain any pension unless
he gets a certificate of two surgeons as to the na-
ture of the disability, the time when the disability
occurred, the place where it occurred, and that it
occurred in the line of his duty, and, I will repeat,
also, the nature and amount of the disability.
When that is certified he can obtain his pension.
Now, the amendment is intended, honorable Sen-
ators say, to relieve the pension system of frauds.
I want to show to every man who will give me
his attention on the subject, that it will not oper-
ate as the honorable Senators believe it will. That
is my objection. It will disappoint the Senators
in its operation, and I will show you why. It
provides that every two years the invalid pen-
sioner shall have a reexamination of his condition
by two surgeons. The two surgeons must be
approved by the Secretary of the Interior. In the
first place, then, the Secretary of the Interior ap-
proves of the two surgeons, and the invalid pen-
sioner, no matter where he lives in a State, has
to go to those two surgeons who are approved by
the Secretary of the Interior, to have himself ex-
amined. The pensioner receives eight dollars a
month. Now, I want the attention of Senators
to show the working of this provision.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will allow me,
I think I can explain that matter. He supposes
that the provision requires that the Secretary of
the Interior shall approve of the surgeons before
the examination. Now, I suppose there will be
some departmental regulation on the subject—per-
haps, that the surgeons shall be approved by the
agent who pays the pension.
Mr. SHIELDS. Oh, no; by the Secretary of
the Interior. The surgeons must be approved by
the Secretary of the Interior, I tell the honorable
Senator, either beforehand or otherwise.
Mr. HUNTER. They will be approved upon
some rule to be established by him. Suppose he
establishes the rule that the pension agent who
pays the pensioner shall decide whether they are
sufficient, and whether the examination made by
them is sufficient, that would come under the
amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am not proceeding on any
supposition, i am taking the amendment as it
now stands.
Mr. RUSK. Ifthehonorable Senator will allow
me, I think I can compromise the difficulty be-
tween the two Senators, and save time.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will continue a few words
further, and then I shall have done. The two
surgeons have to be approved by the Secretary of
the Interior—it matters not whether beforehand or
afterwards. Their certificates will be of no avail
unless the Secretary of the Interior approves
them. What are they to certify ? I ask honorable
Senators to turn to the amendment and see what it
is. They are to certify on oath—make an affida-
vit—of the continuance of the disability. What-
ever the disability was, they are to certify that it
still continues. Still further, they are to describe
it, and they are to certify the date of the disabil-
ity. I only want to show the nature of the
amendment. How can two surgeons, now living,
say in the State of Virginia, to whom ail invalid
pensioner applies, certify to the date of a disability
which occurred on the field of Buena Vista? Who
can tell the date on which, or the place where, it
occurred? Why, sir, the man who commanded
the soldier at the time—not the surgeon, but his
captain, or colonel, or whoever commanded him
at the time. Yet the two surgeons, by this
amendment, are not only to certify the condition
of his body at the particular time when they ex-
amine him, but they are to say upon oath how,
and where, and at what time the disability arose.
I only mention this to show that this thing has
not been considered properly. ** The date of such
disability at the time of making such affidavit."
These burgeons are to make the affidavit, or the
poor fellow cannot get a pension. I know how it
will be. if they do not bring his case within the
very letter of the law the pension will be rejected.
And let me say one thing, which every lawyer un-
derstands: that in proportion as you multiply regu-
lations and rules, m such proportion do you touch
the honest and simple-minded, and let rogues go
through. Do you not agree with me?
