THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C~
33d Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 24, 1854.
NEW SBKHSS..,.NO, 94,
arbitration, particularly in regard to money mat-
ters, discouraged. I would rather see it encour-
aged. As tlie Senator from Delaware admits, we
were not bound to go to war with Portugal on
account of the claim. He says we might demand
it, and it was a just cause of war, but not a suffi-
cient cause of war. A nation, owing to peculiar
circumstances, may or may not enforce these pri-
vate claims of citizens at the cannon's mouth.
Generally, and, in fact, always, it is unwise, if the
nation who has made the aggression is willing to
refer it to fair arbitration. After pursuing the
claim for forty years, as I have said, we referred
it to the then President, and now Emperor, of
Prance. He decided that the claimants were
entitled to nothing from Portugal; and now they
eome to Congress and ask us to pay them, al-
though this Government pressed the claim for
forty years, although it threatened to withdraw
our Minister at Portugal, and went to the very
brink of war; for,the Senator from Delaware
very Dearly came to that point when he was Sec-
retary of State. A subsequent Administration
agreed to refer it to a third Power, of eminent
ability in Europe, which was a wise, a just, and
proper course. Now, these people say it was
done without their knowledge and consent. If
they did not like it, they made no protest against
the reference. They stood by. Again, they
say they wished to be heard, but were not heard.
These are mere pretexts; they are not reasons.
We referred the case to an arbitrator, and he de-
cided that the claimants were entitled to nothing.
I hold that arbitration is a proper and just way
for settling such difficulties among nations. The-
umpire decided against the claimants; and now
they have the effrontery, for I can call it nothing
else,to come here and say the American Govern-
ment is liable. 1 want to know the principle on
which we are liable. The Government has done
its full duty, and has taken a legitimate and proper
mode of enforcing the claim, it has been decided
by the arbitrator ilutt the claimants have no
rights in the premises; and in the face of thisdecis-
ion they turn round and call upon the American
Government to compensate them in damages. It
is unjust. There is no principle of international
law; there is no principle of national justice, which
authorizes them to call on the Treasury of the
United States for the payment of this claim.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, if the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia were perfectly cor-
rect in all his facts, I should have nothing to say
as to his inferences; but he discusses the case
without reference to the facts. Is it true, does the
testimony show that this Government did its
whole duty in this case? Why, sir, the report
shows that, for a period of twenty years, the case
was utterly neglected, in despite of all the efforts
of the claimagts to call the attention of the Gov-
ernment to it. Was that performing the duty of
the Government? Did the Government owe no
better protection to its citizens than that?
Again, sir, the report and the testimony show
the fact, not only that the matter was referred
without the consent of the claimants, but that they
never had an opportunity of presenting and en-
forcing their claim before the arbitrator; while, on
the other hand, the agents of the Portuguese Gov-
ernment, and the British Government, were both
active up to the last moment, when they procured
the decision. Was that doing justice to the claim-
ants > Have they, indeed, under these circum-
stances, no right to complain of their Government?
I differ from the honorable Senator entirely on
that point.
There is another point on which I differ from
the honorable Senator. He says that we have
made a treaty of peace with England; that she
was answerable to us for the damage, and not
Portugal; and that we turned from a strong and
powerful nation to a weak one. Sir, England
never was answerable for these damages. The
damages committed by her were committed in
open war against us. She was answerable to
Portugal, but never answerable to us for one
dollar of the claim. We had no right to look to t,
94
her for its payment.- There were no circum-
stances to justify us when making the treaty of
Ghent, nor at any time after the treaty of Ghent,
in asking England to pay one dollar for the loss
of this privateer. SV e closed all accounts with her
at the end of the war. We might, as well have un-
dertaken toclaim damages for the loss of the frigate
Chesapeake, or any other capture which the Brit-
ish made in the course of the war, or for taking
any privateer, or any of our merchant ships. All
these things were settled in the general treaty of
peace, and we had no claim on England, nor had
she any claim on us, for all those ships of hers
that—thanks to the gallantry of our Navy—were
destroyed during that war. No such thing as
rights after the war exist for damages done during
it. But, sir, we had a right to insist that the
neutral Power of Portugal should perform its du-
ties, and that that Government should pay us what
it was bound to pay us for the loss of this vessel;
and then it would have had a clear right to de-
! mand the amount from the British Government)
j and that demand, under the laws of nations, they
I would not have dared to resist.
j Why, sir, the British paid them a part of the
j claim. In firing into the privateer they fired into
j the town, and did a great deal of damage. All
! that was actually paid for; but they determined to
| avoid the question of paying for this privateer,
j By paying for the damages done to the town they
j acknowledged that they were bound to pay Por-
j tugalforthe privateer; but they urged Portugal—
i and they always had immense influence with
I her—not to pay for the vessel. They were en-
! gaged in exerting themselves in prevailing on Por-
tugal, up to the last moment, riot to pay us. If
Portugal had been compelled to pay us, does any
man doubt that England would have had to pay
her? Certainly not.
Sir, it was always believed by those who un-
derstood this question best, that there was a per-
fect assurance on the part of the British Gov- j
ernment that this claim should be paid to Portugal
whenever Portugal should pay us. Indeed, it
was believed by many at one time, that England
had actually paid her part of the claim for this
vessel, but how that was I never knew. Surely,
there is nothing in the idea that we had a claim
on England. No, sir, we enforced against Eng-
land all that we ought to have enforced, and we
made a final treaty of peace, which settled all dis-
putes between her and us.
A word now in regard to the principle which
the honorable Senator announces, that Portugal
was a weak nation, and therefore we should not
make a claim on her. If that is our rule, what
will be the consequence? If we should ever have
another war with Great Britain, she would treat
us constantly as she did during the last war.
Take, for instance, the case of the Essex, which
ran into the harbor of Valparaiso, belonging to a
weak nation. According to this idsa, we shall
obtain no damages for that or any other case of 1
the same sort; and if any of our ships, in a future
war, run into the harbors of a weak nation, and
the world is full of weak nations, we can never I:
enforce the neutrality of its ports. jj
Sir, although England would not have had to j|
pay us out of herown pocket, if we had succeeded jj
in making Portugal pay, the blow we aim^d was ij
at England, and we knew she would be compelled !:
to pay Portugal; but if we are to pursue the pnn- j:
ciple, that, because a nation is weak, when ourj!
ships run into theportsof that nation, we will not !;
hereafter enforce payment for the damages done
us by the failure of that nation to enforce its neu- j]
trality, we shall have no protection at all against jj
British cruisers in any future war. I am notdis- :j
posed to press this case any farther. I have sub- j!
mitted my views in regard to it. I am satisfied of:j
its justice, and I shall cheeifully vote for the bill. j|
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I supposed jj
that the Senator from Delaware was going to cor- i'
rect me on some point of fact, from the manner in j1
which he commenced his remarks. It seems, |j
however, to result in a mere difference of opinion |;
between us, as to whether this Government has >j
done its duty. It appears from the report on the
table, which the Senator appears to have read
carefully, for his speech is very much a recital of
the facts stated in the report, that we attempted,
immediately after the occurrence, to obtain com-
pensation from Portugal. It is true theclaim.was
not continuously pressed. There were various
circumstances, which are disclosed in ihe report,
why it was not continuously urged. The condi-
tion of the House of Biaganza, the emigration to,
this continent of the royal family, and the internal
troubles of Portugal, are eome of the reasons
given in the report, why the representatives of
our Government did not persist in enforcing the
claim at all times. It seems, in the end, that there
was nothing to press. The result of the transac-
tion has been that there was no claim. - .
The Senator lays dbwn theprincipleof natiorfal
law, I presume, much broader than he intends.' I ■
hold that it is one of the legitimate objects of wa'r
to get reparation for all the damages done to the
private property, or public property of the nation
forced to go to war. I take issue with the gentle-
man on that point. I say that this is one of the
most uniform and best established laws of naWns;
which has been recognized from the foundation of '
the world. The party in the wrong is bound, ac-
cording to natural justice and the laws of nations,
to compensate for all damages done in the war. If
the injured power'is strong enough, it makes the
other do this, it is a principle very well known.
That is the object of war, as laid down by all the
publicists; and this ought to be the only object, to
make the party in the wrong pay the damages.
Whenever you have a war with the Indians you
make them do this. Why, sir, the other day we
had a claim before the Senate, the foundation of
which was the supposition that General Jackson,
took a very unreasonable amount of the landg of
certain Indians, as indemnity for the expenses of
the war. -
J deny that the Senator has laid down the sound
principles of national law in the speech which he
has madeon this question. Weought to have made
England pay the damages. She committed the
wrong, and there was natural justice in compelling
her to pay for it, and it was against natural justice
to make Portugal pay. A wrong was done to
Portugal, and to iis, in the ports of Portugal. She
had a right to make war with England for that
cause; but I say there is no natural justice in
making her pay damages for an act which was
itself a violation of her rights, and from which
she derived no benefit.-
Suppose that, in the war raging between Russia
on one side, and Turkey and her allies on the
olher, a Russian vessel should happen to be in one
of our ports on the Chesapeake, where we have no
naval armaments, and no vessels of war; suppose
two or three vessels of the other side came into
the same port, engaged in contest with the Russian
ship, and destroyed it—I would not pay Russia
for it. I am not bound to pay her for it. It if
not natural justice. 1 have done her no wrong,
but the nation at war with her has done me wrong,
and has done her a wrong, and I might unite with
her in obtaining justice from the oiher nation, if
public considerations allowed it, but 1 would not
pay Russia to-morrow m such a case. !t would
not be sound morality or sound international law,
to require me to do it; and, therefore, t say Por-
tugal ought not to have paid theclaim in this case.
She might have paid it, and might have demanded
damages from England, but we bad no right to go
to war with her because of it.
I think, as ! said before, that this Government
did its whole duty towards these claimants. I
wholly disapprove the mode in which the negoti-
ation was carried on by the honorable Senator
himself, as Secretary of State. He was carrying
his notions of rights of war and national law to
an extent which could not be maintained. The
administration of Mr. Fillmore, in abandoning the
ground which he assumed, and submitting the
ease to arbitration, did what was just and humane.
We ought not to have gone to War for any such
cause. Why, sir,at this vesy moment we have
