1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
779
the very nature of things, and that is the difficulty
of tracing an existing disability back to an injury
received in service. ! know that, practically and
personally, and I presume the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Pensions knows, that it is the
case nine times out of ten.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Certainly it is.
Mr. CASS. I will ask the Secretary to read a
letter which 1 have riteeived on this subject this
morning, for, like my honorable friend from Illi-
nois, there is hardly a mail which does not bring
me applications for pensions, particularly con-
nected with the war of 1812. The faster the years
pass over us, the more the difficulty increases to
trace an existing disability to causes arising out of
an injury received in the service. When the War
is freshly terminated there is little difficulty on
that point. The officers, and soldiers, and com-
panions are living, who can testify; but when years
have passed by there is very great difficulty in
proving this. Like the honorable Senator from
Illinois, these applications occupy a great part of
my time. I have received one this morning,
which places the matter in a strong point of view,
and I have received with it papers containing
certificates as to the character of the injury received
bythe applicant, and the perfect belief of those who
signed it, that his present disability arises from
wounds received in the service, and yet he cannot
get a pension. I ask the Secretary to read the
letter.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Flagponds, Washington County, ?
EaStTcnscsseh, March 15, 1831. J
Dear Sir : Having recently learned Unit you was in the
Seriate of the United States, and you beirn^ ail the officer,
to my knowledge, ihat is living, I wMi to drop a lew hues.,
in order to try to get some information as to my service, and
also as to a wound I received in service.
] am one John Martin, who enlisted in the year 1812,
under one Cornel, who was a recruiting officer under Cap-
tain William Odear, and,on arriving ai headquarters, was
transferred to one Captain William Bradford, and then be-
ing transferred to Captain James Hunter, and m the spring
of 1813 we inaiched for Fort Stevenson. On or about the
1st August, Captain James Hunter's company, and a small
detachment under-Lieutenant Antney, was beseiged by the
Brmsn and the Indians, and then and there, while fighting,
I received a wound over my right eye by a splinter off of a
picket, which wound J have never recovered, having lost
my eye, and am not able to do anything towards making a
living. General Harrison was in command of the army at
that time, bur not present.
Believing that you learned the particulars of that engage-
ment from Major Crohom, who was in command in that
fort at that time, inasmuch as you took the command of the
army immediately after General Harrison's resignation;
and'my time being out in a short tune after you took com-
mand of the army, and soon after the close of the war, I
became a resident of Tennessee; so T am, and have been,
so far separated from any person with whom I served. I
have never been enabled to *ecure any testimony that would
secure me my pension ; and tor the last twenty years I
havp heen lingering with great pain and disability of body,
and I appeal to you, as my last resort, believing that you
would grant me any aid m youi power, in secunng me the
money due me from the United States. I will ihcIosh a
petition to vou that was prepared by the Hon. Mr. Campbell,
from this congressional district, whose honoiable hie we
have to deploie, who lost hi4* life before be took his ^eat.
You will please do me the kindness to study the case, and
do the bes.t you can, as tins is my last resort.   
close by saying I still remain, your friend. &c.
J J ° 7 AU YT
Bo [ will
JOHN MARTIN.
To the Hon. General Cass.
Mr. CASS. This affirms what I stated, that
there is extreme difficulty in this matter.^ Formy
own part, I think the Pension Office, (with all the
securities which can be furnished, and they ought
to be very great,) if they can, should be very lib-
eral in the examination of the evidence connected
with claims so manifestly just.
Mr. FETTIT. I do not rise to detain the
Senate by arguing this question. If X wanted to
reargue it 1 should only have to present a new
edition of the speeches of the Senator from ^Cali-
fornia and the Senator from Illinois; but 1 wish to
suggest to the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance the propriety of striking out the whole of
this provision, and inserting in lieu of it a provi-
sion in substance the same as this:
"That whenever the Secretary oftlie Interior shall have
cause to believe that any pension has been procured by
fraud, he shall have full power to inquire mto the «ame, by
such means as lie shall adopt, and after such inquiiy and
examination to suspend the payment ot such pensions
temporally or finally."
1 wish to provide, in short, that he may strike
from the list any person whom he ascertains, after
full examination by the surgeons whom he may
appoint and send out, or otherwise, is not entitled
to it. I propose to leave him full latitude to in-
quire into these frauds in such manner, and by
such means, as he shall adopt; and if he ascertains
that a pension has been fraudulently procured, let
him have the power to strike the pensioner from
the roll. That he may do during the examina-
tion temporarily, and let him remove that tempo-
rary injunction if he finds that he was m error,
and that the pension was properly granted, or let
him finally strike from the roll any pensioner
whose pension was fraudulently obtained.
While I am up, I will take occasion to say a
few other words. I do not know by what right
or what legitimacy of reasoning the last three
provisions proposed by the committee have found
their way into this deficiency bill. One provides
for authenticating records and papers in the De-
partment of the Interior; another for issuing and
recording commissions under that Department..
It is true it is not very important whether they
should be here or elsewhere,- but they certainly
do not belong legitimately to a deficiency bill.
As to the last provision, the one under imme-
diate consideration, allow me to say, I entirely
agree with the Senator from Illinois, and the Sena-
tor from North Carolina; who have told you, that in
the proportion in which you provide for affidavits,
certificates, and formulae, you superinduce frauds;
and that in the proportion that you require affida-
vits and swearing you increase the dangers, and
multiply, in fact, the number of perjuries which
are committed. You will not, therefore, in my
judgment, with the increase of formula:, and cer-
tificates, and papers, and oaths, improve the
morals of the country. But, sir, it is said that
the two objects of this measure are—-first, to relieve
the Treasury from the onerous draft of paying
pensions which have been fraudulently granted;
and, secondly, to save the morals of the country.
While I grant it is possible this provision may
have a tendency to prevent the first, it would, in
my judgment, tend to diminish the latter; that is,
it will increase immorality, perjury, and false cer-
tifying. I think that will necessarily follow on the
adoption of this measure.
Sir, it will be the wily and artful who will be
getting up these papers, and through sham pre-
tenses begetting their pensions continued; while
the really meritorious, honest, but poverty-stricken
pensioners will shrink back from the continued
and repeated gaze of the public, which you re-
quire before he can renew his certificate and renew
his application on the bounty, or the generosity,
or justice of his country for services rendered.
I know that many a man, fropi the delicacy of
his feelings, would rather suffer obscure poverty
from being unable to work, in consequence of
wounds which he had received in his country's
defense, than continue to make this application in
open gaze, year after year, as is provided for here;
while°he who would in the first place seek fraud-
ulently to procure a oension would not hesitate to
make the application.
There is another view of this matter: I am
satisfied, that as you increase the difficulties of get-
ting cases through the Departments the gi eater
number will be thrown upon Congress. You re-
quire a man to travel perhaps the whole length of
the State, from his residence to the pension agency,
with his old pension certificate; he goes with the
expectation that he will be paid as usual; but, on
exhibiting it, he is told that there has been a new
law, and that he must have a new certificate.
What is he to do ? He has to return home to his
physicians again, go to the neighborhood of his
residence, get certificates made out there, and re-
turn, and perhaps fearing that after all it will be a
failure, he will abandon it, and give up his case.
He will say, that if the doors are thus locked and
barred to his country's justice and liberality, he
will forego his application entirely. But it will
not be so with the artful and the wily; their papers
j will be made out with the same ease and facility
- as their original applications for pensions.
Thus you will foree upon the pensioners the
necessity of making out their papers again, and
they will be made out with the same difficulty,
and will be attended with the same failures, which
accompany original applications for pensions. It
seems to me, from my experience, that there have
been, I will say, five cases rejected where the
claimants ought to have been pensioned to one
fraudulent pension which has been settled upon
the Treasury. The plainer and better a case is,
the harder, it seems to be, to get it through the
Department. Well, sir, failures will happen in
these cases; and hereafter, when this provision
shall have been for a few years in operation, you
will find that the Committees on Pensions of the-
two Houses of Congress will be overloaded with
petitions praying that the petitioners may be re-
mitted to their pensions, followed with innumer-
able affidavits showing that by some slip or other
they were not able to comply with this regulation,
but that their right to the pensionstill exists. You
will be passing special laws for the cases which
will be rejected under this provision.' That will-
be precisely the result of it. You will, therefore,
be multiplying the immorality, multiplying the
difficulties of getting pension, and the chances of
fraud, and multiplying immeasurably the business
of the Pension Committees here.
But, sir, as to the-details of this provision: I
cannot see, with the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, how it is that these men are to be examined
in any practicable way by physicians or surgeons,
to be "approved;" that is, appointed or selected
by the Secretary of the Interior. In many of the
counties all over the country, you will find from
one to a dozen pensioners, located in different sec-
tions in each county, living entirely in obscurity
upon the little pittance which the Government
gives them; living, perhaps, with some kind friend,
some son or daughter, or nephew, or niece, and
taken care of in that condition. You heap upon
them the necessity of going to hunt up physicians,
for the physicians are not to hunt them up. How
is the Secretary of the Interior to select these phy-
sicians in every county? If you say he shall
jl appoint only two in a Slate, then you compel the
[' pensioners in the large States of the West to travel
!| to the seat of government, or some other given
11 locality, where the physicians are located, and
you impose upon them a burden for which their
h pensions will not compensate them.
ji How, then, will the Secretary of the Interior
I j appoint these physicians in each neighborhood?
!| How will he know them? How long will they
|| remain there? As you open new territory further
!j West, as Nebraska and Kansas shall he opened
:i to settlement, as I trust they will at an early day,
i| our people will emigrate. A physician who may to-
day be located in one county, and be authorized
to give these certificates, may be found next year
in a new locality. And the poor old pensioner
will lie thrown upon the mercy of his neighbors,
and have none of the benefits of that provision
which the Government designed for him.
The section, in my judgment, is every way
wrong. It is, I will say without disrespect, as I
think, badly drawn, to express even the object of
the committee; but if it were drawn ever so well
the substance of it would work badly from begin-
ning to end. I shall, therefore, vote against the
whole of it. I shall at least aslf the "Senate to
give me the yeas and nays upon it, that we may
see how we stand. But, in all frankness, 1 sug-
gest the amendment which I propose as a substi-
tute; I am willing that that shall be adopted. It
will vest in the hands of the Secretary of the In-
terior ample power to inquire into all the fraudu-
lent cases, and to strike them from the roll, either
temporarily or entirely. This is the Senator from
Virginia's main object—to purge this system from
its frauds and wrongs. That I certainly will do as
1 readily as he.
! The amendment of Mr. Bayard to the amend-
j ment of the committee was agreed to; and the
! question recurred on the amendment of the com-
j mittee as amended.
j Mr. ADAMS. I move further to amend the
• amendment, by striking out the words which I
| have suggested:
'' « And every two years after the date of such affidavit he
' shall, before receiving any further payment, produce to said
' agent a similar affidavit."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. ADAMS. I now move to strike out the
last proviso of the amendment, in these words:
" Jlnd provided further, That if any person entitled tu an
invalid pension shall be m the possession of a salaried civil
otKce of the United States his pension shall be suspended
during the tune of his employment in said civil office."
Mr. HAMLIN. Before the proviso is stricken
out I move to amend the clause by inserting after
the words " salaried civil office of the United
States " the words " exceeding §1,200 per an-
num."
Mr. ADAMS. Will not that have to be voted
