780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 29,
on as an original proposition ? Mine is an amend-
ment to an amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the question must be
first put on the amendment which 1 have pro-
posed, because if the whole clause shall be stricken
out it cannot be afterwards amended; but if this
be inserted it may be an inducement to the Senate
not to strike out the clause as thus amended.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair is of opinion that the
question must first be taken on the amendment of
the Senator from Maine. The clause may be
regarded as an independent section, and may be
perfected before the question is taken on striking
it out.* The Chair will entertain the proposition
offered by the Senator from Maine, upon that
ground. The question is upon agreeing to his
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. Hamlin's amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is now oil the amendment of the Senator from
JVlisssisippi, to strike out the last proviso of the
amendment of the committee.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I desire to offer an
amendment to that clause, so that the amendment
shall apply to persons entitled to invalid pensions
of more than twenty dollars a month. 1 do not
wish to have it apply to those who receive small
amounts from the Government.
Several Senators. We will strike out the
whole clause.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. If the whole clause can
be striken out I have no objection, for 1 am op-
posed to the whole provision; but if it is to be
agreed to I wish to have it amended in that par-
ticular.
The amendment of Mr. Jones, of Iowa, to the
amendment of the committee was agreed to, and
the question recurred upon the amendment of the
committee as amended.
Mr. MASON. I understood the chairman of
the Committee on Finance to say, that he should
ask only for an hour to-day for the consideration
of this bill. He has now had an hour and a half.
If it is understood that the Senate will go through
with this bill to-day I will forbear making the
motion which I rose to make, and which the Senate
understand; but unless we can have that under-
standing I feel called upon to make the motion.
Mr. HUNTER. We will endeavor to get
through. 1 am not authorized to pledge anybody,
but I hope we shall get through with the bill to-
day.
Mr. MASON. I move that the further consid-
eration of this bill be postponed until to-morrow,
in order that we may proceed to the consideration
of Executive business.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. 1 hope we shall
go on with this btll.
Mr. MASON called for the yeas and nays on
his motion, and they were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 wish to suggest that we
could perhaps save time and put forward the Ex-
ecutive business referred to if we goon with this
bill to-day. We are now beginning to vote; and
I think we can get through with it if we go on.
Mr. MASON. If the Senate determine not to
postpone the measure with a view of going into
Executive session I shall understand it to be the
sense of the Senate (and 1 shall cheerfully acqui-
esce) that they will go through with this bill to-
day, take what time it may.
Mr. SHIELDS. I agree with the chairman of
the Committee on Finance that we should save
time by going through with the bill now.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion to postpone, resulted—yeas 18, nays
24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Alien, Bayard, Hell, Brodhead,
Butler, Clay, Kvans, Fltzpatrick, Mason, Morton, Noius,
I'ratt, Rusk, Thompson ot Kentucky, Wade, and
Williams—18.
NAYfc?—Messrs. Atchison, Cass, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dod^e of Iowa, Everett, Fefcsenden, Fish, Foot, Gryer,
Gwin, Hamlin, Hunter, James, Jones ot" Iowa, Jones of
Tennessee, I'earce, I'ettit, Shield*, Slidell, Stuart, Sum-
ner, Thomson of New Jersey, Toueey, and Wrigltt—2-1.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to move further to
amend the amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance by inserting, in lieu of the words which have
been stricken out on motion by the Senator from
Mississippi, " blank forms of which shall be fur-
nished by the Commissioner of Pensions to the
agents for paying pensions for the use of the pen-
sioners." The object of this is clear. The De-
partment, I believe, always furnishes printed
blank forms, to enable the pensioners to supply
themselves with them, and this amendment will
require the Department to furnish the forms for
these certificates to the agents for paying pensions
in the several States, in order that the pensioners
may be supplied with them without additional
expense.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. PETTIT. I intend to offer a substitute
for the entire section, but I move first to strike out
the words " approved by the Secretary of the In-
teiior," as applied to the physicians and surgeons
who are to make these affidavits. The utter im-
"practicability of any such measure seems to me to
be at once apparent.
Mr. HUNTER. ~I hope those words will not
be stricken out. To strike them out would emas-
culate the section, and entirely destroy one of its
great objects. I thought that perhaps the Senator
from Indiana might desire to substitute a provision
that the physician should be approved by the pen-
sion agents in the several States, or by some other
persons. If he desires that, I shall be willing to
modify the amendment of the committee so as to
secure this provision, which would enable us to
have the proper persons to make the affidavits.
Mr. PETTIT. The section now reads:
"That before any payment shall hereafter he made to
any invalid pe ?ioner, whose name shall have been upon
lile pension list tor two year*.,he shall produce to the agent
for paying pensions to whom he shall apply for payment
the affidavit of two surgeons or physicians.""
It seems to me that that is a sufficient guarantee
and security, without saying, " approved by the
Secretary of the Interior." It will be an utter
impracticability to carry out that latter provision.
Mr. HU.NTER. Suppose it were to read,
" approved by the pension agent." How would
that satisfy the honorable Senator?
Mr. PETTIT. I should have to object to that.
In my State there are three pension agents on the
Ohio river. The State is three hundred mileslong,
and the late examination shows that above half of
the pensioners live north of the middle of the
State. Hence they would have to come an im-
mense distance to the pension agent to approve of
the physicians. It would annoy them to come
here, or go there, or elsewhere. It seems to me
that the certificate and the affidavit of two physi-
cians will be sufficient.
Mr. HUNTER. My idea is, that the Secretary
of the Interior will prescribe regulations which
will secure the certificates to be given by proper
persons. He will prescribe the regulations; and
1 would therefore prefer that the amendment
should be in its present form. I would be willing,
though, if that would accommodate and satisfy the
Senator who proposes this, to agree that the pen-
sion agent should approve of them; but theremust
be authority on this point vested somewhere.
Some reliable person must exercise some sort of
supervision with regard to the men who are to
! certify as to the disability.
Mr. PETTIT. I ask the Senator how he un-
derstands this language? Must these physicians
be named and approved beforehand, or will it do
to have them approved by the pension agent or
Secretary of the Interior,after they have madethe
| affidavit?
I Mr. HUNTER. I donotunderstand that they
are to be approved beforehand; but theyaie to be
approved according to some regulation. I have
no doubt that the Secretary of the Interior will
direct the pension agent to approve them uponsome
certain criterion, some certain evidence. The pur-
pose ofthe amendment is to exclude the certificates
of physicians who are incompetent.
_ 1 lie PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Indiana to the amendment, to strike
out the words " approved by the Secretary ofthe
Interior."
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The existing law re-
quires that the surgeons who certify, m the fir?>t
place, to put these men upon the pension roll,shall
have their character as surgeons certified to the
Depaitment before the pension can be obtained.
That is the Jaw now.
Mr. HUNTER. Then why object to it now ?
_Mr. JONES, of Iowa. A certificate must he
given as to their character as surgeons by a mem-
ber of Congress, or a judge of a court of record.
That certificate is necessary before the pension
can be obtained.
Mr. PETTIT. Let the amendment say two
reputable surgeons."
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. That is the law now.
Mr. PRATT. 3 suggest to the Senator from
Indiana, that possibly his view, as well as that of
the Senator from Virginia,^ay be met by substi-
tuting in the clause which he proposes to strike
out, for the words "approved by" the words
" satisfactory to;" so that that part of the amend-
ment will read u the affidavit of two surgeons or
physicians satisfactory to the Secretary of the In-
terior. " That will necessarily imply that the
satisfaction is to be subsequent to the affidavits.
Mr. PETTIT. I have no objection to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER The question
is on the amendment to the amendment, to strike
out the words " approved by the Secretary of the
Interior."
Mr. PETTIT. I accept the modification sug-
gested by the Senator from Maryland.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
then is on theamendment as modified to the amend-
ment of the committee, to strike out " approved
by" and insert satisfactory to."
Mr. BAYARD. The object of the amend-
ment ofthe committee is to prevent fraud; and I
do not see that the provision will be materially
altered by the amendment suggested by the Sen-
ator from Maryland; nor do 1 see that there is
any practical difficulty in the use of the woids
" approved by the Secretary of the Interior," be-
cause unquestionably we must leave some discre-
tion in the performance of their duty to the Exec-
utive officers in regard to this approval; but I
suppose they will perform it in a manner which
wili be according to the law, and so an to carry
out its object. The object of the amendment is to
prevent fraud. It is to give to the Government a
check upon the selection of those surgeons whose
selection by the parties,withoutany checking power
on the part of the Government, would be liable to
lead to fraud; because the Government would
have no means of knowing as to whether they
were competent to examine or not, or whether
their certificates were worth anything or not. I
do not say that we can prevent fraud altogether,
even if you do have them approved by the Secre-
tary of the Interior; but at all events, by having
them so approved, the Government will have a
check upon frauds arising from the selection by
the individual option or caprice of an individual,
who might design to defraud, and who might other-
wise obtain persons to certify* as surgeons or
physicians, who were not really entitled to the
name. If you strike out that clause of the sec-
tion, in my judgment you render it perfectly use-
less.
The PRESIDING OFFICERput the question;
and declared that it appeared to be carried in the
affirmative.
Mr. BAYARD. I call for the yeas and nays
upon it.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand the honorable
Senator from Indiana to accept the modification
suggested by the Senator from Maryland?
Mr. PETTIT. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. We agree to that. We do
not ask the yeas and nays upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Delaware insist upon the call for the
yeas and nays ?
Mr. BAYARD. No, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on agreeing to the amendment reported
by the Committee on Finance, as amended.
Mr. PETTIT. If it is in order, I now propose
to move a new section in lieu of that amendment,
to strike out the whole of it, and insert a new
section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is now
in order, if there be no further amendment pro-
posed to perfect the section as reported from the
committee.
Mr. PETTIT. I move, then, to strike out the
whole of the amendment of the committee, as
amended, and insert the following:
That whenevei the Secretary of the Interior shall have
cause to believe that any pennon has been procured by
fraud, he shall have full powei to inquire into the same by
such means as he shall adopt, and atier such inquiry and
