1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1491
cated; then, I say, these facts being affirmatively
proved, they take such a claim out of the ordinary
principle that the citizen is hound by the act of
his Government, and place the Government of the
United States in the same positicm in which Por-
tugal was before—responsible for t\iis act, and
bound to indemnify the sufferers.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, I understand
the principle, as explained by my honorable
friend, to be the same which I stated it to be be-
fore. This is a question of fact as to the liability
of our Government. He says that if our Govern-
ment treated without giving these parties notice,
and without having the facts before them, they
were answerable to the claimants; and he also
says they would be answerable if they referred
the case to arbitration without having the facts
which the'claimants could bring to the notice of
the arbitrator, brought before him. The Senator
states, and no doubt correctly, that the arbitrator
has decided against the weight of the evidence.
He says' the arbitrator has rejected the claim
against the weight of evidence. That may be so;
but still the broad principle contended for is, that
our Government,'having made a reference, and
having made that reference m good faith, because
the decision of the arbitrator is against the claim,
we are answerable for it! That, at last, is the broad
proposition. We are not bound to. go behind
that arbitration for the purpose of inquiring into
the facts. The question of obligation upon us
cannot depend upon the existence of any state of
facts whatever, provided we had the right to make
the reference; because, if we had power to make
the reference without the agreement of the claim-
ant, the decision of the referee is binding on the
claimant, and binding on us, and imposes no
obligation on us to pay the claimant, if the decision
was wrong.
I think the doctrine assumed by the Senator
from Delaware is still more untenable. We have
Ministers abroad intrusted by our Constitution
with the conduct of negotiations between this j
Government and foreign nations; and he contends !
that this Government is unanswerable to all pri-
vate claimants for the consequences, if one of our
Ministers does not piesent such arguments as the
claimant may think ought to be presented, or if
he does not present such facts as the claimant
could have produced if he had been notified. The
doctrine of the honorable Senator is, that the neg-
lect of the Minister so to act would impose on the
Government an obligation to pay the private
claimant, or go to war for it; and that if you do
not get his claim paid, or do not go to war for it,
you will be obliged to pay it yourselves. I can-
not concede this
Mr. SEIDELL. Will the Senator permit me
to explain again ?
Mr. PRATT. I have finished.
Mr. SLIDELL. The report expressly admits
that the citizen has not a right to call on the Gov-
ernment of his country to pursue the extreme
remedy for the enforcement of his rights. It may
abstain from war. What is complained of in this
case is, that the Government, when it had the fac-
ulty and the right of folding its arms and remain-
ing idle, chose, without the knowledge or assent
of the claimant, to submit the claim to arbitration.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from Georgia has argued this question, and
so have others, as if it were altogether a question
whether the Government was bound to pay this
claim, and, arriving at the result that the Govern-
ment is not bound to pay it, they express, in em-
phatic language, their opinion that the claim ought
to be driven out of Congress. Now, I am sure
thatalmost the first lessons which those honorable
Senators, like myself received in the history of
the country, was the contemporaneous fact of the
btilhant achievementof Captain Reid, in the com-
mand of the privateer General Armstrong during
the last war. Remember ing that, I think they will
agree with me that the light in which we ought
to view the question is rather this: not whether
we are bound to pay this claim, but whether it is
right to pay it. if they shall come to the con-
clusion that it is not right to pay it, even then,
instead of driving it out of Congress, I hope they
will dismiss it, if obliged to do so, with regret and
sorrow. I certainly come to the question in that
spirit.
I do not intend to go into a full review of all
the facts. The report is very full, very express,
and very ample; and the argument of the Senator
from Louisiana, and of the Senator from Delaware,
is entirely complete and sufficient on the whole
case. I shall only dwell upon a single aspect or
two of the facts.
It seems to be discussed as if this were a mere
case of an ordinary private claim of a private citi-
zen, who had had a vessel lying in the harbor of
Fayal in a time of war, which the public enemy
had assailed and destroyed. Then, upon that as-
sumption of facts, that this is a mere private case
of private propeity destroyed by a public enemy
in a neutral harbor, it is argued that we have done
all that we were obliged to do, and all that was
just and necessary to do, when we prosecuted
that claim against the neutral Power. Sir, this
was a privateer, an armed vessel, a belligerent
vessel, called into service as a part of the naval
power of the country, to prosecute the war in
which we were engaged against England. She
necessarily provoked the very hostilities by which
she suffered, which hostilities she would have
escaped if she had been the ordinary property of
a private citizen, and not a belhgeient vessel.
Now, then, when a private citizen, at the invi-
tation of his country, embarks his property in a
public war, I think that citizen has a right to ex-
pect that the Governmentof the United States will
insist, for his protection, upon the observance of
the laws of nations by neutral Powers. If she,
by her belligerent demonstrations, exposes herself
to attack in the port of a neutral Power, he has a
right to expect that the Government will enforce
protection so far as it is due by the law of nations, i
If this vessel had been a public vessel, the Gov-
ernment of the United States would have had no
question about it, but could have released the neu-
tral Power from any claim for damages which
were sustained. But this is private properly, and
private property which the Government procured
to be used for its own safety. I think, then, it
was bound to exercise peculiar diligence in the
prosecution of this claim. 1 think that the mo-
ment the nation fai'ed to compel respect, by a
neutral Power, to the laws of nations, and so to
enforce the protection which was due to this ves-
sel, from that time this privateer became* entitled
to relief from the Government of the United States
directly. The Government has neglected, and
has refused to grant this relief. It has contented
itself with referring the question to arbitration.
An award has been obtained against these citizens.
The question is now asked, whether that is not a
discharge of the obligation of the Government to
them. I answer that it is, if the award is just and
right upon the merits of the case; but if it is not,
then the claim of the citizens upon this Govern-
ment remains, because it is a claim which was
good and perfect, in the first instance, against the
Government. The Government sought for its
indemnity by reclamation upon Portugal. It had
a right, and I think it would have been just, to
make good the damage to those of its citizens
before seeking reparation from Portugal.
Mr. FES3ENDEN. I wish to ask the Sena-
tor from New York a question. Suppose this
Government had gone to war with Portugal to
obtain redress, and for want of power had failed
to get it, would it then have been bound, would it
have been under any obligation of morality or
justice to pay the claim? If not, why should it
be so after having submitted to arbitration?
Mr. SEWARD. It would depend altogether
upon the ability of the Government m that case.
The Government having resorted to war £>r arbi-
tration, does not change the nature of the case at
all. It was bound to pay, if it was able. If it .
was not able to pay, these individuals must suf- [
fer, in common with all the other individuals who i
suffer by war; but if the Government was able to !
pay, it was bound to pay in the first instance, and j
its resort to war or arbitration does not affect the 1
case. j
The Government now pleads the award; but the ,
award is founded upon a state of facts which the j
Government itself admits is false. If, then, the j
award is founded upon a false state of facts, it is i
unjust, and the Government cannot be thereby i
discharged from Us obligations. It is true, the |
argument is enforced very strongly by the con- j
sideration that the Government, without the con-
sent of the paities, undertook to refer to a foreign
Power the question whether it would pay the
claim. In doing so, it chose a Power which was
not to be addressed by the citizen, and before
whom it failed to present the claim, but left the
decision to be made in error, either from gross
mistake or partiality on the part of the arbitrator.
It strikes me,* therefore, that there are abundant
reasons why we can rightfully pay this claim.
That is all I contend for, and that is enough for
me.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, my sympa-
thies lead me to vote for this claim, ana I am not
sure that I shall not be compelled to do so. There
is but one ground, however, on which I suppose
the claim can be sustained, and that is a question
on which my mind has not been brought to bear
at all, and, therefore, I do not yet feel certain as
to the result at which I ought to arrive.
I have no doubt that the Governmentof the
United States, acting on behalfof a citizen, and in
«rder to prosecute a claim against a foreign Power,
has a right to enter into a reference, if it see fit so
to do, with or without the consent of that citizen.
When they represent him, everything must be
left to their discretion. The douot which arises
in my mind as to the non-liability of the United
States is this: The claim was referred toa foreign
Government, and the decision was against the
claimants; but m making that reference, the Uni-
ted States entered into no stipulation whatever
that the citizens or the Government of the United
States should not be heard before the arbitrator.
It would have been contraiy to the first principles
of justice if they had entered into any such stip-
ulation as that the arbitrator should take the case
and decide it without any hearing whatever, either
on the part of the Government of the United
States or the individual claimants.
1 have looked at the words of the treaty by
which the arbitration was agreed to bf made, and
I find yothing to restrict the right of the party
to be heard, if his Government chose to adduce
further proof or further argument. The claimant
in this case., after this treaty had been ratified by
the Senate, applied to the Secretary of State in
order to have a written argument in supportof his
claim go before the arbitrator—before the Govern-
mentselected to make the decision as to the liability
of Portugal.
Of the liability of Portugal on the facts stated by
the committee, 1 can entertain no doubt. Of the
error of the decision of the Emperor of Prance, 1
have no doubt. The only question in my mind
as to the liability of the Government, is, whether
the act of the Government of the United States,
in refusing either to let the party, who wished to
be heard, have a hearing through his own written
argument before the arbitrator, or in neglecting
themselves to instruct their own Minister to make
proper representations before the arbitrator so that
the case might be fully heard, and not be decided
pither on a careless or an ex parte examination,
does not amount to-such gross negligence on the
part of the Government, after having chosen to
enter into this arbitration, that we have a right to
look behind the award, and if we are satisfied the
award was wrong, then to say that we ought to
make the claim good.
I am not disposed to push too far the principle
of the liability of the Government on account of
such negligence; but the refusal of the then Secre-
tary of State, distinguished as he was and able as
he was, und er the terms of that treaty, either to for-
ward the written argument of the party to the arbi-
trator who was to decide on his rights, and on his
rights alone, or to instruct our Minister to attend
to the matter, seems to me to be extraordinary.
Recollect, this was a peculiar case; it was not the
case of the Government referring a class of general
claims to an arbitrator. They settled everything
else, and referred the individual case of the brig
General Armstrong to the then President, and sub-
sequent Emperor of France. They referred this
case by itself. There was, then, peculiar propri-
ety in asking that the party, who alone stood
interested in the decision, should be heard.' Under
these circumstances, he applied to our Secretary
of State, the proper person, and he submitted to
him his written argument, and the Secretary of
State declined to let that aigument go before the
arbmator,onthe ground that the treaty prevented
it. I can find no such provision in the treaty.
On the contrary, the treaty requires all the pre-
vious correspondence between the two Govern-
ments to be laid before the arbitrator. There is
no exclusion of the right of hearing; and I cannot
