784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29.
-cause we recommended that this provision should
be stricken out of the invalid pension bill, and the
Senate did strike it out, and now it has come back
to us in the deficiency bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is here- in the deficiency
bill; and the Senate Committee on Finance re-
ported the bill originally, without recommending
that it should be struck out. I do not, however,
•design to take up the time of the Senate, but I
Wish to add a word in relation to what has been
«aid by the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pratt.]
I think that what he has said isaperfectcorrobora-
tion of what I have before asserted, that the amount
of pensions paid from the two per cent, fund,
has never equaled the interestupon that fund at six
per cent, per annum, and I do notunderstand any
gentleman of the Committee on Finance to con-
tradict that statement. The amount of captures
must have exceeded §11,000,000, to yield a two
per centum of $215,000. Now, I think I am
right when 1 say that no instance can be found in
the history of a Government, where a fund has
been intrusted to its charge, and where it has as-
sumed the character of a trustee, in which it has
appropriated the original fund as trustee, without
making any account of the interest. How is it
with the Smithsonian Institution ? In that in-
stance, the Government loaned the fund, and lost
part of it, and made it good by a direct appropri-
ation. I think the distinguished Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,] who proposes this
amendment, would be the last Senator in this
' body to allow any diversion of that fund from
its legitimate and appropriate object. If it had
been lost by loan on the part of the Government
he would be the first to require that it should be
replaced. Certainly I assume upon this question
precisely the position which that Senator would
assume upon that—that the fund having been
originally created by the reservation of two per
cent., those who are entitled to it are entitled to
the interest of that fund, and not to the principal.
When I assert the fact, and when it is not con-
tradicted by any Senator here, that the interest
upon the two per cent, fund has never been ex-
hausted, and that amount has never been annually
paid , there is sheer justice, and nothing but sheer
justice, in paying' to this class of "individuals
those pensions, without regard to the other ques-
tion, as to whether they are entitled to them for
the services which they rendered to the country.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senatorfrom Maine
say that no Senator disputes the assertion that the
fund has never been exhausted?
Mr. HAMLIN. I understand no Senator to
deny this: that the fund originally amounted to
over $200,000, and that the amount paid from the
Department in any year has never equaled six
per centum on that fund. That was what I stated.
Mr. HUNTER. There are papers in the pos-
session of the Senator from Maryland showin°-
thiit the fund has been exhausted. °
Mi. HAMLIN. Not at all, sir: not at all.
"hose papers show that the amount has been taken
out of the fund without allowing interest. An
account current stated here this day, with nroper
debits and credits, with interest on the two per
centum fund, would show, I think, that the Gov-
ernment is very greatly indebted to these pension-
ers over and above the original fund. That is
my understanding.
Mr. PEA R.CE. The papers do not disclose
what is the fact in regard to it. They affirm the
exhaustion of the fund They do not show
whether the accruing interest has been paidornot;
but I presume the interest has been applied, because
that was the case m regard to the Navy pension
fund proper, and when the interest was exhausted
they went upon the principal. But, sir, privateer
pensions were much larger formerly than now;
first, because up to 1844 we gave pensions to the
widows of privatpersmen. After that time all
these pensions ceased, and we never gave any to
widows. I do not know what the fact is; 1 have
no official information upon the subject; but I pre-
sume the interest accruing on this fund must have
been applied to the payment of these pensions,
and when that was exhausted they went upon the
principal.
Mr. EVERETT. Mr. President , some few of
the remaining pensioners on this list are constitu-
ents c.f mine, and I really feel it to be a duty to
express the hope that this amendment will not be
adopted. There are but very few of these pen-
sioners now. The geiltleman from Maryland
[Mr. Pearce] has stated them at nineteen. My
information is that there are about twenty-four of
them. At any rate their number is small. They
must be vei y far advanced in life. Some of them
are the widows of those to whom the pensions
were originally paid; and 1 think it would be a
very hard case, just as they are passing out of this
world, that you should withdraw from them this
poor pittance. If it were an original question—if
the Senate of the United States were now called to
pass upon the question whether we should encour-
age the system of privateering—I do not know
that I should differ greatly from the honorable
Senatorfrom Delaware. But, as has been already
observed, this is not now an open question. It is
a matter of principle and of practice settled in re-
ference to these individuals forty years ago; and
it would be a great hardship now to visit upon
these poor old individuals, just dropping into the
grave, and upon their widows, the scruples which
we mav entertain as to encouraging priveae war-
fare. I should be sorry to see it done, and I think
the country would deem it a great hardship.
Well, sir, in leference to the statements which
have been made on the authority of the paper
which [ hold in my hand. I know very well the
person who prepared this paper. He has been a
neighbor and a constituent of mine. He signal-
ized himself greatly in the war of 1812, and I take
it upon me to say that there was not an officer in
the regular service who did more to carry on that
war, who conducted himself with greater gallantry,
and I will say, too, sir, with greater success He
was engaged in twenty or thirty actions. He was
wounded; he was taken prisoner. In short, he
achieved a reputation which, within the narrow
circle of a private individual, might truly be called
heroic. As to the idea of the Senator from Del-
aware, that these privateers always ran away from
armed ships, and did nothing but make war upon
the defenseless, I can assure him that it is a great
mistake.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator will
allow me to say that I stated expressly that there
were exceptions; but, as a general rule, of neces-
sity the course of privateers is to attack the de-
fenseless for the purpose of plunder, and not to
make war for the purpose of conquest against
armed vessels. That is the general course; the
other is the exception.
Mr. EVERETT. I do not mean to misstate
the Senator, of course; but I rather think, if he
will refresh his recollection of the history of that
war, he will agree with me that the private armed
ships conducted themselves in a manner fully
entitled to the credit of patriotism, and even of he-
roism. Let me read a single paragraph from the
statement to which I have referred: " From offi-
cial reports, and other reliable data, the following
facts are sustained: Of the fifty-six men-of-war
and king's packets captured during the war,
mounting ei^ht hundred and sixty-six guns, the
private ships captured twenty, mounting two hun-
dred and twelve ffuns.'*
A quarter of the guns and a considerable pro-
portion of the vessels numerically were taken.
Fifty-six was the whole number of naval vessels
captured, and the private armed ships took twen-
ty. Then of two thousand three hundred and
sixty-nine merchant vessels captured, mounting
eight thousand guns, the private ships captured
two thousand and sixty-four." There is a blur
in the print, so that I cannot make out the number
of guns of the merchant vessels captured; but it
may be placed at about a quarter. So that you
have these private armed ships performing one
fourth part of all that was done in capturing either
public or private armed vessels of the enemy, j
think this shows that those cases to which the
Senator from Delaware alludes could not have been
exceptions; but, on the contrary, it is more likely
that they were the rule, and that wherever a pri-
vate armed ship of the United States met anything
like an equal force, the commander did not scruple
to make battle. J know that that was the case
with the gallant person who prepared this state-
ment; for I have read over and over afyain the de-
tailed accounts of the bloody actions which were
thus fought by that individual, who is still living,
and who, i hope, is not to be doomed to the mor-
tification of hearing that this poor pittance which
we are now giving to these most meritorious per-
sons is about to be taken from them.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I rise only to
mention a single fact. It has been assumed here,
upon fhe authority of the paper which the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts has, that the
Government of the United States received a por-
tion of the prize money; that in its distribution a
part was allowed the Government I find that
that is not so. On looking at the law, I perceive
that the whole proceeds were to be divided among
the officers and crew of the vessel according to the
agreement made between themselves in that re-
spect. It is true, however, that the United States
received a considerable sum of money from those
prizes; but they received it in the shape of duties.
The goods could not properly be brought into the
United States without dispensing with the general
law, and that law was dispensed with, provision
being made that these goods should pay duties.
The United States received some three millions of
dollars in duties, but not as a share of the prize
money. Then we cannot be called upon to apply
these three millions to this purpose. Nothing but
duties were paid to the Government as in other
cases.
Mr. PRATT called for the yeas and nays; anct
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—.
yeas 21, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Mttssrp. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bayard,
Brown, Butler, Clay, Dodge of Iowa, Evans, Fitzpatrick,
Gwin, Hunter, 3VIa*on, Morris, Pearce, Pettit, Rusk, Sli-
de!!, Stuart, Toueey, arid Weller—*21.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Bell, Brodhead, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Everett, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Gever, Hamlin,
James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Morion, Pratt,
Sumrier, Thompson of Kentucky, Wade, and Wright—1£>.
So the amend-ment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the.appropriations for the
public buildings and grounds:
For completing the improvementof Pennsylvania avenue
from Seventeenth to Twenty-sixth street* west, £9,000 :
Provided, That all appropriations herein made !br"repairs
and improvements of the public buiidin«-s or grounds within
the District of Columbia shall be expended under the direc-
tion ol the Secretary of the Interior.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next amendment which
the Committee on Finance have instructed me to
offer is to insert:
For the transportation of Governor Stevens and his
party, and for exploration* made by him between the Mis-
sissippi river and the Pacific ocean, $-25,000.
This is according to estimate, and I have before
me a communication from the Secretary of War
upon the subject, in which he says:
ct from the foregoing statement, it will be seen that Gov-
ernor Stevens has exceeded in his expenditures the sums
allotted to the survov under his charge, and made anange-
nients to continue hi* operations beyond the period eontein-
plated by law, and though, as soon as the information
reached this Department, instructions (a copy ot which are
herewith nansmitted) were dispatched, requiring inm to
close his operations, as originally directed, it will be neces-
sary to provide jor this deficit, with any other which may
be (mind in the final settlement; and to ihi  end I recommend
that an appropriation of $<25,000 he made to cover deficien-
cies t"i the survey of the route for a railroad from the Mis-
sissippi river to the Pacific ocean."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have another amendment
to offer, by direction of the Committeeon Finance.
It is to insert immediately after the heading "mis-
cellaneous/' the following:
For contingent expenses of the Senate, viz :
For hthogMpiling and engraving, *>20,000.
For binding. .$30,0nft.
For hooks, $12,691.
For clerks to committees and President pro tempore,
draughtsmen, messengers, pages, laborers, police, hoisea,
and carrvaiis, $4,400.
For miscellaneous items, to replace this amount drawn
by older of the Seriate front that head of appropriation, in a
payment to R. M. Young, an commissioner to investigate
charges against [Jon. A. Ramsey, late Superintendent of
Indian Aftairs in Minnesota, .<-924 20.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next amendment of the
committee is to insert:
For the completion of the bridge acros* the Potomac liver
at Little Falls, and painting thereof, agreeably to the plan
adopted under t'ju direction of the President of the United
Slates, £75,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
tVh\ HUNTER. The next amendment of the
Committeeon Finance is to add the following as
an additional section:
snc. —. Jind he it furlhc, enacted, That from and after
the passage of this aei, there shall bw, in addition to the
