1854.
THE congressional; GM>m.
MS*
For repair of vessels in ordinary, and for wear
and tear of vessels in commission, including
fuel and purchase of hemp ...a,534,950 00
For ordnance and ordnance stores and small-
arms, including incidental expenses  200,000 00
For preparing for publication the American Nau-
tical Almanac    20,880 00
For the purchase of nautical instruments re-
quired for the use of the Navy, for repairs 6f
the same, and als© of astronomical instruments,
and for the purchase of nautical books, maps,
and charts, and for backing and binding the
same   23,000 00
For printing and publishing sailing directions,
hydrographical surveys, and astronomical ob-
servations  5,500 00
For models, drawing, and copying, postage,
freight, and transportation, and for working
lithographic1 press; including chemicals; for
keeping grounds in order; for fuel and lights;
for repairs of buildings, and for all othercon- *
tingeftt expenses of the hydrographical office,
and United States observatory    6,100 00
For continuing the publication of the series of
wind and current charts, and for defraying aU
the expenses connected therewith  10,000 00
To en.able the Secretary of the Navy to pay the
salary of Professor James P. Espy for the cur-
rent fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five  2,000 00
For the wages of persons employed at the obser-
vatory and hydrographical office, viz: One lith-
ographer, one instrument maker, two watch-
men, and one porter  3,160 00
For contingent expenses that may accrue for
the following purposes: Freight and trans-
portation, printing and stationery, advertising
in newspapers, books, maps, models, and
drawings, purchase and repair of fire engines
and machinery, repairs of and attending to
• steam engines in navy-yards, purchase and
maintenance of horses and oxen, and driving
teams, carts, timber wheels, and the purchase
and repair of workmen's tools, postage of pub-
lic letters, fuel, oil and candles lor navy-yards
and shore stations, pay of watchmen, and in-
cidental labor, not chargeable to any other ap-
propriation, labor attending the delivery of
stores on civil stations, wharfage, dockage,
and rent, traveling expenses of officers and
others under orders, funeral expenses, store
and office rent, stationery, fuel, commissions
and pay of clerks to Navy-agents and store-
keepers, flags, awnings, and packing boxes,
premiums and other expenses ef recruiting, ap-
prehending deserters, per diem pay to persons
attending courts-martial and courts of inquiry,
and other services authorized by law, pay to
judges-advocate, pilotage and towage of ves-
sels and assistance to vessels in distress, bills
of health, and quarantine expenses of the
United States Navy m foreign ports 706,860 00
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to test any
improvements in steam boilers or other im-
provements applicable to naval purposes  10,000 00
For the erection and repair of buildings, for the
improvement and preservation of the grounds,
and for contingencies, at the Naval Academy
at Annapolis, Maryland    39,678 00
For the purchase of Barlow's planetarium for
the use of the Naval Academy at Annapolis,
Maryland    2,000 00
For construction, extension, and completion
of the following objects, and for contin-
gent expenses at the several navy-yards,
viz:
Portsmouth, New Hampshire,
For quay wall connecting with dock-basin;
completing engine-house and machinery;
tools for machinists and smiths ; launching
and hauling up ways; cisterns for officers'
quarters; extending ship-house number four;
extension of ship-house and launching-slip;
and repairs of all kinds  63,550 00
Bostons Massachusetts.
For machine-shop, smithery, foundery and forge-
shop, boiler-house and chimney, new steam-
engme for dry-dock; extension of ship-house
and slip ; and repairs of all kinds   166,750 00
New York, New York.
To\vards foundery and boiler-shop; completing
saw-mill; continuation of quay wall; dredg-
ing channels; lightning conductors, water-
pipes, iron railing on wall along Navy street,
extension of ship-house aifi& slip; saw-null
machinery; launchmg-slip; balance due city
of Hrooklm for lien on accountof assessments;
and repairs of ail kinds   ..171,615 00
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
For furnace for heating mast-hoops; steam-stove
for boat-shed; raising old steam box-house;
completing wharf number four; raising engine-
house; extension of ship-house and slip; ffnd
repairs of all kinds    37,726 00
Washington, District of Columbia.
For completion of saw-mill; completion of ord-
nance building; completion of marine rail-
way ; extending boiler-shop; converting old
ordnance to machine-shop ; quay wall, remov-
ing shears, extension of ship-house and slip,
fiiting in aiound foundery and laboratory,
dredging channels; machinery; steam ham-
mer and slanting machine ; and repairs of all
kinds 223,067 00
Norfolky Virginia.
For brick saw-sheds, completing store-house
number fourteen, sheds and machineryifor
saw-mill; setting up engine, boilers, and ma-
chinery, culvert, continuation of quay waits,
dredging channel, reservoir; commencing
foundery and machinery for the same, exten-
sion of ship-house aiid slip, gas fixtures and
pipes for lighting grounds and buildings; and . ,
repairs of all kinds    162,281 00 .
Pensacola} Florida.
For continuation of permanent wharf, engine
and blast pipes, for smiths7 andmachine-shop,
and repairs of all kinds      143,500 00
Navy-Yard, San Francisco,
For continuing blacksmith's-shop, carpenter-
shop, store-house, wharf 200,000 00
Sackett's Harbor, New York.
For raising end of ship-house, and building
pier; leveling and grading; and repairs of ail
kinds   5,050 00
For Magazines—At Boston.
For filling room in number fifteen; and repairs
of ail kinds  1,365 00
Jit New York.
For addition to magazine, repairs, and extension
of shell-house ; and repairs of all kinds  11,359 00
Jit Washington.
For ordnance work«*3 and platform for shot  10,900 00
Jit Norfolk.
For completing magazine at Fort Norfolk, and
repairs of sheds    14,600 00
For Hospitals—Jit Boston.
For repairs of all kinds  1,000 00
Jit New York. *
For piling and fencing boundary; and repairs of
all kinds  4}300 00
At Philadelphia.
For water-rent for one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-five j and repairs of all kinds....... 4,745 00
At Norfolk.
For repairs of ail kinds  1,000 00
At Pensacola.
Forlightning conductors; and repairs of all kinds, 4,581 00
Marine Corps.
For pay of the officers, non-commissioned offi-
cers, musicians, and privates, clerks, mes-
sengers, stewards, and seivants; for rations
and clothing for servants, subsistence, and ad-
ditional rations for five years' service of offi-
cers; for undrawn clothing and rations, boun-
ties for reenlistments, and pay for unexpired
terms ot previous service 237,116 44
For provisions for marines serving on shore.... 29,984 75
For clothing   \. 52,064 00
For fuel  14,194 50
For military stores, repairs of arms, pay of arm-
orer ; for accoutrements, ordnance stores, flags,
drums, fifes, and musical instruments..  8,000 00
For transportation of officers and troops, and
expenses of recruiting   12,000 00
For repairs of barracks, and rent of temporary
barracks and offices    6,000 00
For contingencies, viz: freight, ferriage, cartage,
and wharfage; compensation to judges advo-
cate ; per diem for attending courts-martial
and courts of inquiry; for constant labor,
house rent in lieu of quarters, burial of de-
ceased marines, printing, advertising, station-
ery, forage, postage, pursuit of deserters,
candles, oil, straw, furniture, bed-sacks,
spades, shovels, axes, picks, and carpenters'
tools, expense of a horn? for messenger, pay
of matron, washerwoman, and porter, for the
hospital at headquarters   25,000 00
For the reappropnation of the following sum
carried to the surplus fund, under the provis-
ions of the tenth section of the act entitled
" An act making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending the thirtieth of June, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, and
for other purposes," approved thirty-first of
August, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
two, to be applied to the payment of all ex-
penses incurred prior to the first day of July,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty two :
For carrying into eifect the provisions of the act
providing for the prosecution of tiie war be-
tween the United States and the Republic of
Mexico 26>156 50
9,406,806 19
By the act to amend the third section of the " Act
making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four," and for other purposes.
For the increased compensation to the clerks,
messengers, and other employees of the Gen-
eral Government in the Executive Depart-
ments, from the ftrqt ilay of July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-three, to the thirtieth o* 1
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four [Indefinite.]
By the act authorizing the p.aymentof balance of
the property .accounts between theUinted States
and the State of New, York,, for military stores,
in the war of eighteen hundred and twelve.'
The balance due said Stat;e,_arising out of issues
of military stores by said State HO' tiife officers
of the United States Army, sM to svoljinteera.
and militia in the serviee of the CTpited States
during the war with Great Britain, declared in
eighteen hundred and twelve  /. #11)989 45
By the resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay the expenses of codifying and
revising the revenue laws.
To pay for preparing a general revenue law in- • •
accordance with a resolution of the Senate
passed in January,One. thousand eight hundred -
and fifty-three, and the necessary expenses,,
and that the.Secretary, of the Treasury report
to Congress at its meeting in December next'
the items of such pay and expenditures  $5,000 00
By the joint resolution making appropriation, for-
the payment of those entitled to the benefits of
the resolution of the House of Representatives
of the United States, passed August third, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, voting extra com-
pensation to pages j folders, andotherB.
For the payment of the extra compensation voted
by the resolution of the Ho:use of Representa-'
tives of August third, one thousand eight hun-
dred and tifty-four, to its page^ and em-
ployees     ..[Indefinite^]'
Joint resolution to fix the compensation of the
employees in the legislative department of the
Government, and to prohibit the allowance ef
the usual extra compensation to such as receive
the benefits hereof.
To pay the officers, clerkg3 messengers, 3$$.
other employees in the legislative department
of the Government, an increased compensa-
tion of twenty per cent, upon the compensa-
tion now received by them respectively. .. .[Indefinite.J
By the act for the relief of Lewis B. Willis, late
a paymaster in the Army of the United States.
To paythe balance ascertained to be doe to him
from the United States by a verdict and• j-udg- -
ment rendered in thedistrictcourtofthe tJpited
States for the eastern district of Louisiana, v.. $593 50
By the act for the relief of Samuel K. Rayburn.
To pay full compensation for loss of horse and
equipage in the war with Mexico      $105 00
By the act for the relief of Gray, McMurdo &
Company.
To pay their account for interest on moneys ad-
vanced by them in one thousand eight hundred
and fifty to the Quartermaster's Department.. $570 70
By the act for the relief of the executors of the
late Lieutenant John E* Bispham.
For expenses incurred by the deceased in a suit
arising out of the seizure of the brig "Malaga,
off the coast of Africa, by the United States
brig Boxer, while under the command of
the said Bispham     $913 69
By the act for the relief of Madison Parton.
For all the military services rendered by him to
the United States from the eighth day of Au-
gust, one thousand eight hundred and thirty-
seven, till the eighth day of February, one
thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, by
examining the proper officers and other per-
sons, as well as thepropar rolls of the com-
pany to which he belonged  .fTnflefinite.j
By the act for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Isaac P. Simonton.
To pay the claim of Isaac P. Simonton for said
sum in schedule B, annexed to the treaty with
the Saginaw band of Chippewa Indians, on the
fourteenth of January, eighteen hundred and
thirty-seven, upon tlieir proving that said claim,
has regularly and legally descended to them.. $80.0 00
By the act for the relief of the legal represen-
tatives of Captain William Davis, late com-
mander of the United States transport schooner
Eufaula.
For the full compensation of al! claims against
the United States for and on accountof the
wages or services of said William Davis as
commander of said transport    #360 00
By the act for the relief of the widow and heirs
of Elijah Beeba.
To pay the amount of principal adjudged to bo
justly due and owing to the said widow and
heirs of Elijah Beebe from the confederated
tribes of Sac and Fox Indians by Hon. Henry
Dodge, Governor of Wisconsin Territory, and
ex officio superintendent of Indian affairs, by
14b
