1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
1495
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it can
hardly be regarded as a private bill, in the sense
in which the rule is understood; but if there is
no objection, it will be received.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then it cannot be received.
On motion by Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee,
it was
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the memorial of
the State of Wisconsin, asking lor the payment of a certain
claim Mr arresting and keeping a United States prisoner,
together with the accompanying papers, containing an ex-
tract from the records of the United States court m the case;
and that the &ame do he upon the table.
Mr. CORWIN, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, reported the following bill;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Thomas Underhill, exec-
utor of Thomas Underbill, deceased.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported a bill for the
relief of Stephen Lutz; which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STANTON. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary have instructed me to report back Senate
btilNo. 153, u to relinquish the reversionary in-
terests of the United States to a certain reservation
therein mentioned, and to confirm the title of
Charles Or. Gunter."
This bill, I suppose, was referred to our com-
mittee upon the idea that it involved a question of
law. The committee are of the opinion that the
claimant has no legal claim to the title. It may be
consistent, however, with the policy of the Gov-
ernment, in disposing of the public lands, to per-
mit him to enter the lands. This question, how-
ever, does not come within the jurisdiction of the
Committee on the Judiciary, and we ask therefore
to be discharged from its further consideraUon,
and that it may be referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims. I mak&that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr, SHOWER, from'the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported the following1 bills;
which were severally read a first and second time
by their respective titles, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
Everard Meade;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Larkin
Smith; and
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Lieutenant Willes Willison.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, made !
adverse reports on sundiy petitions, and moved
that said petitions be laid upon the table and j
printed. j
[A message was here received from the Senate, '
by asbu&r Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, noti- ;
fying the'House that the Senate had passed, with
an amendment, the bill of the House (No. 316) j
to amend an act approved September 27, 1850, j
to create the office of surveyor general of the pub- |
lie lands in Oregon,"&c.; and also the act amend- |
atory thereof, approved February 19, 1853. I
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill and reso- j
lution of the following titles: I
A bill (No. 413) constituting Madison, in the '
State of Indiana, a port of delivery; and
A resolution (No. 21) in relation to surgeons'
mates of the Army of the Revolution.]
Mr. LETCHER. The capes on which adverse
reports are made without written reports, I hope
may be sent back to the committee, so that we
may have written reports. We ought to havethe
.reasons for theadverse reports, so that other com-
mittees may not be-worried at the next session.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman submit
a motion to recommit?
Mr. LETCHER. I do submit that motion
with regard to adverse reports unaccompanied by
written reasons. I hope they will be sent back* I j
think that it is due to the House the committee i
should accompany their xeporis with their written ,
reasons. I
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay upon the j
table takes precedence of the motion to recommit, j
Mr. HENDRICKS, I rise to a question of j
order, anil it is this: I understand that the order I
of the House was, that reports of bills should be
deceived. I did not understand that adverse re-
ports were to be received to-day. I thought it
was the purpose to get bills on the Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The understanding was, that
committees were to report only such matters of
a private character as would not give rise to de-
bate. There can be no debate on this proposi-
tion; for a motion is made to lay upon the table.
If the House refuses to lay upon the table, and
debate arises, the Chair will order the memorials
back to the committee. In every case where there
is a written report the Chair will order it to be
printed.
Mr. SHOWER. Is there any rule of the
House requiring written reasons for adverse re-
ports?
The SPEAKER. There is no such rule. Still,
if the House refuse to lay upon the table, it wilt
be competent for it to recommit.
Mr. COBB. I demand tellers on the motion of
the gentleman from Maryland.
Tellers were ordered; and Messr^". FENTOuand
Cox were appointed.
The question was taken: and the motion to lay
upon the table was agreed to, the tellers having
reported—ayes 68, noes not counted.
Mr. MAY, from the Committee on the Judici-
ary, made adverse reports in the cases of Pierre
Merod and Joseph Bogy, heirs-at-law of Joseph
Placy; which were laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MAT also, from the same committee, re-
ported bills for the relief of Henry Gardner and
George Mattingly; which were read a first and !
second time by their titles, referred to a Committee \
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHOWER, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Nathaniel Red dick, administrator of Richard Tay-
f lor, deceased; which was read a first and second
j time by its title, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. HUGHES, it was
Ordcrcdy That the Committer on Pnvate Land Claims
he discharged from the fuitber consideration of the petition
of John Bilding, and that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pen&ions.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. HUGHES, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported bills for the relief of
John McVeigh and John F. McNeeley, and for
the relief of William Curran; which were read a
first and second time by their titles, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HILLYER, from the same committee, re-
ported back the following bills; which were read
a first and second time by their titles, referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and ordeied to
be printed:
A bill for the relief of Enoch S. More;
A bill for the relief of Patrick Gass;
A bill for the relief of Rosale Cuxillo;
A bill for the relief of A. S. Laughery;
A bill for the relief of Conrad Wheat and his
legal representatives; and
A bill for the relief of Sylvester J. Jerould,
assignee of the interest of Henry Richards.
Mr. HILLYER, from the same committee, to
whom weie referred the following bills of the
Senate, reported them back with a recommenda-
tion that they do pass; and they were referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed:
Bill t^No. 23) to confirm the claim of William
H. Henderson and the heirs of Robert Hender-
son to five hundred acres of land in the Bastrop
grant;
Bill (No. 373)to ascertain and adjust titles to
certain Sands in the State of Indiana; and
Bill (No. 26) for the relief of Ira Baldwin.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, made an > j
unfavorable report in the case of the petition of !J
Benjamin C. Cook. ;i
Ordered to lie on the table,and be printed. ;j
Mr. H.also,*rom thesnmecommittee, reported j;
back Senate bill (No. 297) for the relief of Syl- ;j
vanus Culver, with a recommendation th&t it do .1
not pass. !j
Laid tfpon the table, and, together with the re-  .
. port, ordered to be printed. li
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, reported
back the following Senate bills, with a recom-
mendation that they do pass; which were referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed:
S. No. 329. An act for the relief of Thomas
D. Jennings; and
S. No. 330. An act for the relief of Juan M.
Luco and Jose L. Luco.
Mr. H. also,from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of William J. McElhen-
ny, E. P. Mathews, and Laurence Kribben, re-
ported a bill for their relief; which was read a first
and second time by title, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, from the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims, reported back the
following Senate bill, (No. 23,) with a recom-
mendation that it do pass:
An act confirmingcertain land claims in Louis-
iana in the Bastrop grant.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I ask the indul-
gence of the House to make a statement of this
claim, which statement will not occupy more than
five minutes. The Committee on Private Land
Claims have recommended to the House that this
bill be now put upon its passage. I wish to make
a statement to the House to show the importance
of immediate action in regard to it.
The Bastrop claim, in the State of Louisiana,
was a grant made by the Spanish Government,
when it owned that territory, to Baron De Bastrop,
upon certain conditions; ami among them was one
requiring him to people that territory with a cer-
tain number of citizens. He went upon the grant,
and fulfilled the condition. Those persons who
are now asking for relief are the persons who
hold under the people whom the Baron De Bastrop
carried there under this agreement with the Span-
ish Government.
It will be recollected that the Government of
the United States authorized a suit to be brought
by the claimants of the British grant against the
Government for this claim; that the Supreme
Court of the United States very lately decided this
claim to be illegal, and that the land belonged to
the Government. A bill has been passed for the
relief of the actual bona fide settlers upon the
grant. Congress authorized by law, m 1851,
commissioners, composed of the receiver and the
register of the land office, at the town of Monroe,
to examine the title of these people, and report
upon it, Congress laying down certain principles
by which they should be governed. The com-
missioners have made their report. They have
recommended, under the principles authorized by
law, the confirmation of certain claims.
The object of this bill, which has passed J^he
Senate, is to confirm the report of those commis-
sioners. The effect of it will be to enable the
Government to confirm such titles as the commis-
sion have reported favorably upon, and bring
the remainder of the lands into market. That is
the only object; and permit me here to say, that I
have examined the testimony presented in the
report of the commissioners, and 1 have no doubt
that every one of them ought to be confirmed,
under the provisions of the act of Congress of
1851. A great many of the claims were rejected
because they did not come within the provisions
of that law,
I have no doubt that this bill lought to pass at
once, because it will enable the Government to
convey those lands to the claimants, and to bring
the others into market. These lands are located
in the richest portion of Louisiana, and wi'l there-
fore become very valuable to the Government.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I will not detain
the House further than to confirm the statement
of the gentleman from Louisiana. This bill has
passed the Senate, and should be passed by the
House at once. I move the previous question.
Mr. HAMILTON. I want to know how this
bill came before the House for debate ?
The SPEAKER. The House indulged the
gentleman from Louisiana in making a statement
in reference to the bill.
Mr. HfJNT. I hope the gentleman from Ma-
ryland will not object to the bill. It is for the
benefit of a community which is entitled to relief.
We have full and sufficient information in refer-
ence to it, and i hope theie will be no objection to
its consideration.
