1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
By the act for the relief of Asa Andrews.
For office rent and expenses, including cierk
Hire, and fbr the services nf a deputy during
the time he performed the duties of said office, $t;983 60
By the act for the relief of Dr. S. R. Addison,
passed assistant surgeon in the United States
Navy.
Fer the difference of pay between that of his
grade and a surgeon, from the fourth of April,
eighteen hundred arid forty-eight, until the
twenty-first of June, eighteen hundred and
fifty, being the period during which he served
as surgeon on board the United States sloop-
of-war St. Mary's [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of William Darby.
For his labor and materials furnished in survey-
ing and making a map of the Territory of
Louisiana, in the years eighteen hundred and
twelve and eighteen hundred and thirteen.... $1,500 00
By the act for the relief of William G. Smith.
For recapturing a vessel in the war of eighteen
hundred and twelve, together with a midship-
man and four seamen of the British navy,
which prisoners were delivered to Commo-
dore P  rry, at Newport, Rhode Island  $500 00
By the act for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Major Caleb Swan, deceased.
Amount of his compensation as paymaster of
the Army, from the first day of July to the
thirty-first day of December, ^inclusive,) eigh-
teen hundred and eight, and a commission of
one per centum on the amount of bills of ex-
change negotiated by l.im under directions of
the War Department, for the purpose of rais-
ing money for the use of the Army [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of Henry La Reintrie.
For services rendered to the United States lega-
tion near the Government of Chili, and as
hearer of dispatches from that legation to
Washington  $593 00
By the act to provide compensation for the ser-
vices of George Morell in adjusting titles to
land in Michigan.
For the services of the said judges in ascertain-
ing, adjusting, and settling claims to land, and
performing other duties, in conformity with the
act entitled (i An act to provide for the adjust-
ment of titles ofland in the town of Detroit, and
Territory of Michigan, and for other purpo-
ses," approved the twentv-fir&t of Ap> il, eigh-
teen hundred and six, and with £' An act rela-
tive to the plan of Detroit, in Michigan Terri-
tory," approved the twenty-eighth of May,
eighteen hundred and thirty, at the rate of five
hundred dollars per annum, froin the time of
their several appointments asjudges of the Uni-
ted States for said Territory, to the twenty-
fourth day of September, eighteen hundred and
thirty- six .[Indefinite.]
By the act for"the relief of Phineas M. Nightin-
gale, administrator of the estate of General Na-
thaniel Greene, deceased.
For the liquidation of a balance due to the estate
of said Nathaniel Greene, for becoming secu-
rity for Bank1? & Co., army contractors in the
Revolution [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of the heirs and repre-
sentatives of Colonel Alexander G. Morgan.
For services in raising troops for the Florida
service, in the year eighteen hundred and
tbirtv-seven, and also for military services in
Florida .[Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of Jonas P. Levy and
Jose Maria Jarrero.
For indemnity against the Government of Mex-
ico, and which claims were presented to the
late board of commissioners on the claims
against Mexico, and which were rejected by
said hoard of commissioners   [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of W. D. Porter, of the
United States Navy.
For moneys actually expended by him in defray-
ing the expenses of bringing Amin Bey and
suite to the United States, in conformity with
the request of the Hon. George P. Marsh, the
Minister of the United States at Constantino-
ple  $2,024 32
By the act for the relief of William H. Weirick.
For the amount of mileage from California to
New York, and two months' pay, as paid to
the other officers and soldiers of said regi-
ment  $570 26
By the act for the relief of David C. Cash and
Giles U. Ellis.
For military services in the Seminole war [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of Thomas Ap Catesby
Jones, surety for a former postmaster, at Nor-
folkj Virginia.
For the amount paid by said Thomas Ap Catesby
Jones, through his agent, on the judgment ren-
dered against Thomas Ap Catesby Jones and
Duncan Robertson, as sureties for Walter F.
Jones, formerly postmaster at Norfolk, in the
State of Virginia, on account of the defalcation
of said postmaster, be refunded to said Jones... $2,500 00
By the act for the relief of the heirs of Captain
Matthew Jack, deceased.
For one year's extra pay of a captain in such
service, as promised by the resolves of Con-
gress [Indefinite.]
By the joint resolution for the relief of John A.
Bryan.
To pay for the duties of a commissioner to make
and carry into effect a treaty with the Wyan-
dot Indians, being appointed commissioner for
the purposes aforesaid by the Secretary of War
on the nineteenth of April, eighteen hundred
and thirty-six [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of the heirs of Anthony
G. Willis, deceased.
For the use by the United States of a wagon and
team, the property of said Willis, deceased,
during the last war with Great Britain  $251 00
By the act for the relief of Priscilla C. Simonds.
For the value of the property of the late Captain
Moses H. Simonds, which was taken posses-
sion of fay authority of the United States  $418 00
RECAPITULATION.
Civil, diplomatic, and miscellaneous $15,944,852 44
Aimy, foittfications, Military Academy, &c. 11,373,568 90
Indian department, naval, revolutionary,
and other pensions    3,984,686 19
Naval service  12,510,808 46
Post Officc Department  11,293,909 63
Treaty with Mexico  10,000,000 00
$65,107,825 62
By the act for the purchase of the copyright of a
work published by Thomas H. Sumner, where-
in he describes his new method of ascertaining
a ship's position at sea.
For the purchase of the copyright of a work
wherein Thomas H. Sumner tuily describe*
his new meihod of ascertaining a chip's posi-
tion at sea, when a meridian observation of the
sun cannot be obtained $10,000 00
By the act for the relief of Mrs. Helen Mackay,
widow of the lateColonel iEneas Mackay, dep-
uty quaitermaster general United States Army.
For the allowance of commissions for disburse-
ments of special appropriations by her late hus-
band Colonel zEneas Mackaj, pnor to the
thirtieth September, one thousand eight hun-
dred and thirty-eight   $6,537 09
By the act for the relief of Daniel Steenrod.
To pay the amount due for work done on the
Cumberland road ("Indefinite.]
II.—NEW OFFICES CREATED, AND THE SALARIES
OF EACH.
By the act (chap. 1) concerning ths district courts
of the- United States for California.
A district judge for the southern judicial distiict of Cal
forma heretofore established.
By the act (chap. 2) to continue in forceAn act
to ascertain and settle the private land claims in
the State of California," and for other purposes.
The board of commissioners appointed under the act
passed March 3,1851, authorized to appoint one or more,
not exceeding three, competent persons to act as consults
sioners for taking testimony to be used before said board ;
to receive a compensation to be fixed by the board of com-
missioners, not exceeding ten dollars per diem.
By the act (chap. 9) to constitute Q.uincy} in the
State of Illinois, a port of delivery.
A surveyor of customs authorized to be appointed at
dnincy, in the State of Illinois, who shall receive the
salary and emoluments of surveyor, prescribed by the act
of Congiess approved March 2, 1831, entitled "An act
allowing the dunes on foreign merchandise imported into
Pittsburg, Wheehne, Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis,
Nashville, and Natchez, to be secured and paid at those
places.
By the act (chap. 11) to regulate the disburse-
ment of the contingent fund of the Senate, and
for other purposes.
The Secretary of the Senate made a disbursing officer
of the Treasury for certain puiposes.
By the act (chap. 35) to establish land districls wi-
the Territory of Minnesota-
Four registers and four receivers authorized to be ap-
pointed, who shall be entitled to the same compensation
allowed by law to the registers andreceivers of other !and
districts.
By the act (chap. 46) establishing a land office in
the lower peninsula of Michigan.
One register and one receiverauthorized to be appointed,
to receive the compensation prescribed by law in other
cases. _ • " •
By the act (chap. 59) to organize the Territories -,
of Nebraska and Kansas.
A Governor of Nebraska', at an annual salary of two
thousand five hundred dollars.
A secretary for the Territory of Nebraska, at an annual
salary of two thousand dollars.
A supreme court for Nebraska, consisting of a chief Jus-
tice and two associate justices, at an annual salary of two'
thousand dollars each.
A clerk, appointable by the court, to receive the same
fees to which the clerks of the district courts of Utah Ter-
ntory are entitled.
One attorney for the Nebraska Territory, to receive the
same salary as the attorney for Utah Territory.
A marshal for the Territory of Nebraska, to be entitled
to the same fees as the marshal for the Utah Territory,
A Legislative Assembly, composed of a council of thir-
teen members, and a House of Representatives of not less
than twenty-six members, or more than thirty, each of
whom to receive $3 a day tor each day's attendance.
A chief clerk, one assistant clerk, a sergeant-at-arms,
and doorkeeper for each house; the compensation of the
chief clerk to be $4 per day, and the assistant clerk, ser-
geant-at-arms, and doorkeeper $3 per day, during the ses-
sion of the Legislative Assembly'.
A Delegate to Congress to be elected for the Nebraska
Territory, who shall have the rights and privileges of other
Delegates.
A Governor, a secretary, a chief justice, and two asso-
ciate justices,of the Supreme Court, a clerk of the court,
attorney, marshal, Legislative Assembly, a chief cleric,
one assistant clerk, a sergeant at-arms, door keeper, and
a Delegate to Congress, authorized for the Kansas Terri-
tory, each of whom to be entitled to the compensation,
salary, or fees and emoluments provided for the same offi-
cers, respectively, for the Territory of Nebraska.
By the act (chap. 6G)^to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 3Q£h of June, 1854, and for other
purposes.
In the office of the Register of the Treasury three clerks
of the class three, five clerks of the class two, and fifteen
clei ks of the class three: " and said clerks shall be paid ac- '
cording to the provisions of the third section of the act of
March 3,1853, entitled ' An act making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1854.' "
By the act (chap. 84) to amend the act approved
September 97th, 1850, to create the office of
surveyor general of the public lands in Oregon,
and amendatory thereof, approved February
14, 1853.
A register and receiver authorized to be appointed, at an
annual compensation each of twenty-five hundred dollars, -
with office rent; and to the receiver the expenses of " de-
posing."
A surveyor general for the Territory of Washington, to
be entitled to the emoluments of the surveyor general of
Oregon.
By the act (chap. 103) to'establish the offices of
surveyor general of New Mexico, Kansas,and
Nebraska, to grant donations to actual settlers
therein, and for other purposes.
A surveyor general for the Territory of New Mexico
authorized, whose annual salary shall be three thousand
dollars.
A surveyor general for the Territories of Nebraska and
Kansas, whose compensation shall be the same as that of
the surveyor general of Wisconsin and Iowa.
Two land districts—the Omaha and the Pawnee—formed,
and a register and receiver authorized for each district,
whose compensation shall be the same as other registers
and receivers.
By the act (chap. 105) creating a collection dis-
trict of New York, to be called the district of
Dunkirk, and constituting Dunkirk a port of
entry, and the ports of Barcelona, Silver Creek,
and Cattaraugus Creek, ports of delivery.
! A collector authorized for the district of Dunkirk, whose
• compensation shall be not less than $500, or more than
: 01,000 per annum, together with the fees and emoluments
I j authorized by law. Deputy collectors of the customs t( for
|i the several ports of delivejy constituted by tins act," and
i! ''such other subordinate officers of thfr customs as are
il provided for by law," are also authorized to be appointed,
j1 u who shall be compensated for their services in the mode
;; presciibed by existing laws."
i; By the act (chap. 10'J) making provision for the
postal service in the State of California, and in
j! the Territories of Oregon and Washington.
; Letter-carriers to be appointed by the special agents of
!j the Post Office Department, subject to the approval and
! j removal of the Postmaster General, who may demand and
j receive a sum for all letters, newspapers, and other mail-
I, able matter, to be lecommendcd by the postmaster of the
h olfico for which lie may be appointed, not exceeding twen-
ty-five cents for each letter or newspaper.
