14-96
TfJE OONGRESSItmAl, 'GLOTE.
June 2*8,
had made a speech, and thereby cut me off from
making: an explanation.
Mr. GROW. It is true that when this bill was
up some nme ago, 1 had a word to say upon it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Before the gentle-
man-from Pennsylvania submits his remarks, I
desire to suggest an amendment to the gentleman
from Kentucky: to strike out, in the second line,
the words " and directed," and insert " in his
discretion." It now reads:
That the Postmaster Genet a] be, and he is hereby, nu
thoriwd and directed to cause .Tames Jeffries and Jeremiah
M. Smith, &c<
If amended, it will read:
That the Postmaster General be, and lie is hereby, au-
thorized, in his dUcie(ion) to cause, &e.
I ask the gentleman from Kentucky to accept
that amendment.
Mr. EWING-. I ask the gentleman from Ten-
nessee if that will remove all objection to the bill?
Mr. JONES. If that amendment be made, I
will not then object to the bill.
Mr. EWING. Then I will accept the amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
-gentleman from Kentucky has no power to accept
an amendfffent;-and that, at this stage of the pro-
ceedings, it can only be made by the unanimous
consent of the House.
Mr. JONES. I take it for granted that if the
gentleman from Kentucky does not object, no one
else will. If the Postmaster General thinks the
petition ought to be granted, I have no objection.
There was no objection;-and the amendment
was accordingly inserted in the bill.
Mr. GROW. Now, Mr. Speaker, I have a
single word to say.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to all further
debate.
Mr. GROW. I thought I had the floor by the
consent of the House.
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the objec-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana comes too late,
so far as the gentleman from Pennsylvania is con-
cerned.
Mr. GROW. There are a large number of
cases upon the Private Calendar of at least equal
merit with this.
Mr. EWING. How does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania obtain possession of theiloor?
The SPEAKER. The House accorded it to
him by unanimous consent.
Mr. EWING. Well," sir, if I had been aware
of the fact at the time, I should have objected.
The gentleman made a speech against the bill the
other day, and then moved the previous question,
although 1 requested him to withdraw it. If it
is in my power to object, I do so.
Mr. WHEELER: Then I shall move to lay
the bill upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor, and it is too late
to object.
Mr. GROW. When this bill was before the
House on a former occasion, the gentleman from
Kentucky made a speech, and then called the
previous question upon it. I appealed to him to
withdraw it for a moment in my favor, and 1
promised to renew it. He refused; but when I
had obtained the floor, and had called the pre-
vious question, he asked of me the-same courtesy
that he had refused to extend to me. So that if
there is any complaint to be made, I think it is I
jo should moke it.
But, sir, I can see no reason why this bill should
he taken out of the usual course of proceedings.
It has no more merit in it than a great many other
bills upon your Private Calendar. If these con-
tractors have suffered, it is their own fault, and
not the fault of the Government. They knew, or
they should have known, what service was required
before they took the contract. But I do not pro-
pose to argue the merits of the claim. My great
objection h to taking this bill out of its regular
order upon the Calendar, and giving it preference
in ouractionupon it over other bills there of equal
merit.
Mr. EWING. Just one word. This bill is
not upon the Private Calendar. It is before the
Ilousc, and upon its passage. The remarks of the
gentleman are therefore wholly irrelevant and in-
applicable.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Withdraw the
call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered, and cannot be withdrawn, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. WHEELER. I object
The question now being upon recommitting the
bill to a Committee of the Whole House, it was
taken; and the motion was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 34, nays 90; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Thomas H. Bayly, Ball, Belcher, Car-
penter, Crocker, Culiom, Dick, Ellison, Fuller, Giddings,
Grow, Hasting,Houston, Darnel T. Jones,Knox, Letcher,
McCulloch, Matte^oo, MiiUon, Norton, Parker, Penning-
ton, Ihshop Perkins, Phelp-, Pratt, Pringle, Ready, Rowe,
Iiutfiu, William R. Smith, Trout, Wade,E!hhu 13. Wash*
bin ne. and Welts—31.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ashe, David J Bailey,
Bariy, Benson, Benton, Breckm idi e, Oaruthers, Ca kie,
Chamiiei lain, Chandler, Chastain, Chnsnian, Chnrchwell,
Cobb, Coiwin, Cox,Thomas Davis, De Witt, Kdmundsori,
Thomas D Eliot, Eni>h«h, Ethjridi e, Ewnig, Farley,
Faulkner, Florence, Goode, Greenwood, Andrew J. liar-
Ian, Hampton W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Hendricks,
Henn, Hill, lltllver, Howe, ilughots, Hunt, Johnson, George
W.Jones, J. Glanev Jones*, Roland Jones Keiti, Kurtz,
Lamb, Latham, Lnidley, Lnid&ley, McDougall, Maey,
Maxwell, Mayall, Middies \varih, Smith Millei, Morgan,
Nichols, Noble, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Orr. Peek, Peekham,
Powell, Pie-ton, David Ritchie, Robbing Sabin, Sapp,
Seward, Shannon, Shaw, Singleton, Skelton, Uernt Smith,
William Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, IJet-torL. Stevens,
Stranb, David Stuart, John J. Ta\ lor. Nathaniel G.Taylor,
Thurston, V.til, Walsh, John Wentworth, Wheeler, Wittc,
Yates, and Zollicoller—90.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and was accoidingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. EWING moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I now move that the
House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. HILLYER. Before that motion is put, I
ask the unanimous consent of the House to report
from the Committee of Claims a bill for the relief
of John Frazer,and the administrator of the estate
of John G. Clendenin, deceased.
There was no objection; and the bill was read
a first and second time by its title, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
The question was then put on Mr. Hendmck's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Disney in the
chair,) and proceeded to consider private bills in
the order in which they stood upon the Calendar.
This being " objection Friday," no discussion
was in order, and no bill could be considered to
which objection was made.
HEIRS OF BARON DE KALB.
The CHAIRMAN. The first bill before the
committee for consideration is entitled " A bill for
the relief of the children and heirs of Major Gen-
eral Baron De Kalb."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Why does
the Chair commence on page eleven, and not at
the commencement of the Calendar?
The CHAIRMAN. This is objection day,
and the Chair has commenced where the commit-
tee left off last objection day, in accordance with
th e uniform practice of the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I think the Chair
should commence at the beginning of the Calen-
dar.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is advised that
all bills before the one, the title of which has been
stilted, have been objected to heretofore.
Mr WASHBURNE. That may be true, but
they may not be objected to now.
The CHAIRMAN. The Ohairhascommenced
the call of the Calendar, this being objection day,
where it was suspended the last objection day.
On private bill days, when debate is allowed, the
call is commenced with the first bill on the Cal-
endar.
The bill was then read through.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York, objected, and
the bill went over. *
NRW YORK VOLUNTEERS.
Senate bill (No. 17) " to reimburse to the com-
mon councl of New York city expenditures made
for the ftr^t regiment of New York volunteers.'1
The bill provides that the Secretary of War, in
the settlement and adjustment (undei the act of
Congress of June 2, 1848) "of the claims of the
common council of New York, for expendituies
made in organizing, transporting, clothing, and
subsisting the first regiment of New York volun-
teers, commanded by Colonel Ward B. Burnett,
prior to the mustering of said regiment into the
service of the United States, shall be authorized
and required to allow such of those claims as may
be supported by satisfactory vouchers, showing
that such expenditure had been fairly made, and
was necessary and proper for the service, not-
withstanding that such vouchers may be informal
and defective for want of particularity, provided
the amount allowed shall not exceed $3,672 90.
There being no objection to the bill, it was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
MAJOR CALEB SWAN.
Senate bill (No. 33) ** for the relief of the legal
representatives of Major Caleb Swan."
Mr. LETCHER. I object. Let the bill go
over.
The bill was accordingly laid over.
' W. D. PORTER.
House bill (No. 265) " for the relief of W. D.
Porter, of the United States Navy."
The bill, which was read, provides for the settle-
ment of the accounts of W. D. Porter for moneys
expended by him in defraying the expenses of
bringing Amin Bey and suite to the United States,
in compliance with the request, of the Hon.^G. P.
Marsh, United States Minister at Constantinople;
the amount not to exceed §2,024 32.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It was inavessel
of the Navy of the United States that Amin Bey
and his suite were brought here. At a former
session of Congress, and at the time when he was
here at the Capitol, we. appropriated $10,000 for
paying his expenses. I therefore object to this
bill.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I can explain to my
friend from Tennessee, if the committee will allow
me, how it was that Captain Porter did not happen
to be paid out of the appropriation which he al-
udes to.
This bill was reported by the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Perkins,] who, 1 thought, was
not in the House to-day, but whom I now see in
his seat. At the last Congress I was on the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and was instructed by
that committee to report this bill. Captain Porter
was in command of the United States'ship which
conveyed Amin Bey and suite to this country 
Mr. JONES, (interrupting.) I have objected
to this bill.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I\an explain in one
instant how it was that Captain Porter was not
paid out of the appropriation of $10,000.
Mr. JONES. But I should like to know why
it was that he was to be paid at all, when it was
a Government vessel that he was in command of.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I would explain that,
if the committee would allow me.
Mr. JONES. I must insist on my objection.
MOSES OLMSTEAD.
House bill (No. 117) " for the relief of Moses
Olmstead."
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to place the name of Moses
Olmstead upon the roll of invalid pensioners, and
to pay him^during his life a pension at the rate of
eight dollars a month, commencing on the 20th of
January, I&53.
From the report, it appears that the claim rests
upon the alleged fact that the claimant, while in
the service of the United States, in the war of
1612, and while stationed at Harlem Heights, re-
ceived an injury in one of his legs, which at the
time did not prevent him fiom serving to the end
of his term. He was discharged on the 26th of
November, 1834. It would appear, however,
that the injury was of a permanent nature, and
increased from year to year, until, as shown by
the statements of two highly respectable and well
known surgeons, he is rendered wholly unable to
obtain a subsistence by manual labor. The evi-
dence in support of the claim is not sufficient to
justify the Commissioner of Pensions m placing
his name on the roll of invalid pensioners. But
that officer, in a letter to the chairman of the
Committee on Pensions, dated" 20th January,
1853, says:
" Although the papers do not afford-such,evfdetfee as,ouf
