mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
September, 1854.
By the act (ehap, 167) making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipu-
lations with various Indian tribes for the year
ending'Jane 30th, 1855, and for other purposes.
Two. additional Indian agents to be appointed for Indians
etet'of the KockyMoumains.
One additional agent for Indians in the Territory of New
Mexico.
,And a number not exceeding three for tbe Indians in the
Territory of Washington, at a salary of $1,800 each per
annum.
By the act (chap. 189} to establish a port of de-
livery at Lake Port, on Lake Ponchartrain, and
for other purposes.
:A surveyor authorized to be appointed; compensation
not specified in the act.
By the act (chap. 191) constituting Madison, in
the State of Indiana, a port of delivery,
s A ^surveyor- of customs authorized to be appointed, to
receive'the salary-and emoluments of surveyor, prescribed
by an act of Congress of 2d March, 1831.
Bjjr the act (chap. 199), to constitute Tuscumbia,
-iiH the State of Alabama, a port of delivery, and
for other purposes.
A surveyor of customs authorized to be appointed, to
recefve the salary and emoluments prescribed by an act of
Congress of 2d March, 1831.
Surveyors also authorized to be appointed for the ports
of Paducah, In Kentucky; Shreveport, in Louisiana; and
Jeffersonville, m the State of Indiana, to receive the sal-
ary and emoluments prescribed by the act of Congress ap-
proved the 2d March, 1831.
By the acfc(chap. 193) creating a collection district
in Texas and New Mexico.
A collector of customs authorized to be appointed for the
district of Passo del Norte ; to receive not exceeding two
thousand dollars per annum, including in that sum the fees
allowed by law.
"Such other officers as are provided for by law" also
authorized to be appointed for said district.
6y the act (chap. 242) making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government
for th® year ending the 30tfi of June, 1855, and
fbrother purposes.
' A clerk fbr the treasurer of the brancUMint at San Fran-
cisco, at a salary of two thousand five hundred dollars.
One additional clerk in the office of the Assistant Treas-
urer at Boston, Massachusetts, at asalary of one thousand
two hundred dollars.
Ail additional messenger to the post office of the House
of Representative#, at a salary of one thousand dollars.
AH laborers employed in the Executive Depaitments of
the Government in Washington, to reccive an annual sal-
ary of four hundred and eighty dollars each.
Threw additional clerks in the office of the Postmaster
General, of class two, toreceivc one thousand four hundred
dollars each per annum.
Two additional clerks in the office of the Postmaster
General, of class three, to receive one thousand six hun-
dred dollars each per annum.
One additional clerk in the office of the Attorney Gen-
eral, of clans one, to receive one thousand dollars per an-
num.
Two additional clerks in the office of the Attorney Gen-
eral, of clasa two, to receive one thousand four hundred
dollars each per annum.
One \dditional clerk in the office of the Attorney Gen-
eral, of class three, to receivo one thousand six hundred
dollars per annum. «
Two additional clerks in the office of First Auditor,
of class one, to receive one thousand two hundred dollars
each per annum.
Seven additional clerks in the office of Sixth Auditor, ot 1
class one, to receive one thousand two hundred dollars
each per annum.
Two additional clerks in the office of the Secretary
of Stale, at an annual salary of twelve hundred dollars
each.
One additional clerk in tbe office of the Secretary of
State, at an annual salary of fourteen hundred dollars.
One additional clerk in the office of the Secretary of
State, at an annual salary of sixteen hundred dollars.
The Assistant Treasurer of New York authorized to ap-
point, with the approbation of the President of the United
States, in lieu of the clerks authorized by law: One chief
clerk at an annual salary of two thousand one hundred
dollars; one clerk at an annual salary of two thousand
dollars; two clerks at an annual salary of eighteen hun-
dred dollars each j two clerks at an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars each; one messenger at an annual salary
of nine hundred dollars ; and two watchmtn at an annual
salary of five hundred and fifty dollars each.
By the act (chap. 198) to constitute Cairo, ir the
State of Illinois, a port of delivery.
A surveyor of the customs authorized to be appointed ;
to receive the salary and emoluments provided for bylaw.
By the act (chap. 199) constituting San Pedro, in
the State of California, a port of entry and de-
livery.
A collector authorized to be appointed for the district of
San Pedro: to receive an annual salary of three thousand
dollars, "with an additional maximum compensation of two
thousand dollars per annum, should his emoluments and
fees provided by law amount to that sum."
By the act (chap. 202) constituting Palatka and
Bayport, in the State of Florida, ports of de-
livery, respectively, and Keokuk and Dubuque,
in the State of Iowa.
A surveyor of the customs authorized to be appointed for
the port of Palatka;
A surveyor of the customs authorized to be appointed for
the port of Bayport;
A surveyor ot the customs authorized to be appointed for
the port o! Keokuk;
A surveyor of the customsauthorized to be appointed for
the port of Dubuque; to receive, respectively, the salary
and emoluments provided bylaw.
By the joint resolution (No. 3) authorizing: an in-
crease of the force in the office of the Superin-
tendent of the Public Printing.
Two additional clerks authorized, at an annual salary of
one thousand five hundred dollars each.
III.—OFFICES THE SALARIES OF WHICH ARE IN-
CREASED, AND THE AMOUNT OF SUCH INCREASE.
By the act (chap. 52) to amend the 3d section of the
Act making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of Government for theyear
ending the 30th of June, 1854," and for other
purposes.
The clerks arranged in class one to receive £1,200 per
annum, instead of $000 ; those of the second class to receive
$1,400 per annum, instead of $1,000; and those of the third
class to receive $l,f>00 per annum, instead of $1,500.
Twenty per centum per annum added to respective com-
pensations of messengers, packers, laborers, and watchmen
of the Executive Departments of the Government in Wash-
ington; also of the clerks employed at the navy-yard and
marine barracks at Washington ; twenty per centum to the
compensation of the clerk, messenger, and laborer in the
office of the Commissioner of Public Buildings; door-
keeperand assistant door-keeper of the Executive Mansion;
public gardener, laborers employed in the public grounds
and President's garden ; police at the Capitol; watchmen
employed at the President's House and Reservation No. 2 :
lamplighter, the general *uperimen<lent: the draw-keepers
of the bridges across the Eastern Branch and Potomac.
The salary of the Superintendent of the Census raised
from .$-2,500 to $;j,f>00 per annum.
The salaries of the Assistant Postmasters General raided
from $2,500 to $3,000 per annum.
By the act (chap. 54) making appropriations Tor
the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1854.
The compensation of the Master of the Sword increased
to $1,200 per aunuin.
By the act (chap. 70) to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th June, 1854, and for other pur-
The compensation for the special mail agent of the Post
Office Department in California increased to $5,COO per
afinum, from 1st July, 1853.
By the act (chap. 107) to increase the salaries of
the executive and judiciary officers in O'regon,
New Mexico, Washington, Utah, and Minne-
sota.
The salaries of the chief justices and associate judges of
the Territories of Oregon, Washington, Utah, and New
Mexico, increased from .§1,800 to .$2,500 each per annum ;
the salary of the Governor of New Mexico increased from
$2,500 to $3,000 ; the salaries of the secretaries of Oregon,
Washington, and New Mexico, increased from $1,500 to
{$•2,000 per annum ; the salary of the secretary of Utah in-
creased from $1,800 per annum to $2,000 per annum ; and
the salaries of the chief justice and associate judges of the
Territory of Minnesota increased from $1,800 to .§2,000 per
annum.
By the act (chap. 242) making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1855, and
for other purposes.
The consul at Beyrout, Syria, allowed a salary of two
thousand dollars per annum.
The salary of the librarian of Congress increased from
$1,500 to §1,800 per annum.
The salaries of the assistant librarians of Congress in-
creased from §1,150 each to $1,500 each.
The salary of the messenger in the library of Congress in-
creased from §700 to $1,200 per annum.
The salaiies of the chaplains m Congress increased from
$500 per annum to $750 per annum each.
The salary of each of the clerks in the Mint of the United
States increased from $1,200 to $1,800 per annum.
The salary of one clerk m the office of the assistant treas-
urer of the Mint at Philadelphia fixed at $1,800 per annum.
The salary of the chief clerk of the branch Mint at New
Orleans increased from $1,800 to $2,200 per annum.
By the act (chap. 119) making provision for the
postal service in the State of California and in
the Territories of Oregon and Washington.
The Postmaster General authorized, in certain cases, to
make allowances, m addition to those provided by law, to
the postmasters m the said State and Territories, " sufficient
to defray the actual and necessary expenses of their of-
fices. "
By the joint resolution (No. 18)to fix the com-
pensation of the employees in the legislative
department of the Government, and to prohibit
the allowance of the usual extra compensation
to such as receive the benefits hereof."
The officers, clerks, messengers, and other employees in
the legislative department allowed an increased compen-
sation of twenty per centum upon the compensations here-
tofore recpived by them, respectively.
By the act (chap. 270) making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department for
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1843.
A commission of one mill per pound authorized to be al-
lowed to the postmaster of the city of Washington upon
the aggregate weight of public documents printed by the
order of Congress and deposited m that office to be mailed,
from which amount each of the clerks and emyloyees in
his office to ne allowed f*250 per annum for extra services;
thih allowance limited to one year.
