1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
14®9
rules requite, yet from his own statement of his case, and
the evidence afforded by the papers of his high character
for truth, morality, and religion, I feel no hesitation in
recommending his claim to the favorable consideration oi'
Congiess.J>
It is shown that, since that time, by the advice
of eminent surgeons, the injured limb has been
amputated.
No objection being made to the bill, it was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
DAVID TOWLE.
House bill (No. 269) " for the relief of David
Towle."
The bill, which was read, provides that the
name of David Towle, of the town of Oxford, in
the State of Maine, be placed on the pension roll
at eight dollars a month, from the 5th of April,
1848.
Prom the report, it appears that the petitioner,
on the 14'h of April, 1813, enlisted for one year as
corporal in the company of Captain Noah Haley,
in the thirty-thrrd regiment of United States infan-
tryjCommanded by Colonel Isaac Lane, and on the
25th of May joined his regiment at Saco, in Maine,
and was afterwards marched to Boston, Massa-
chusetts; thence, on the 14th of August, was or-
dered for Concord, a march of eighty miles in
excessive hot weather. During the march, the
petitioner became so exhausted and worn down
by the fatigue and heat, that an inflammation of
the kidneys and" stoppage of urine was produced,
which eventuated in a chronic disease of the kid-
neys and ureter, by which he is wholly disabled
from obtaining a living by manual labor.
No objection being made to the bill, it was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
THOMAS PORTER.
House bill (No, 270) " to provide a pension for
Captain Thomas Porter."
The bill, which was read, provides that Thomas
Porter, a deputy quartermaster in the war of 1812,
be placed on the roll of invalid pensioners at twenty
dollars a month, commencing on the 2d of March,
1831, deducting such sums as heretofore have been
allowed and paid to him as pension money.
From the report, it appears that Thomas Porter
entered the service, in Captain James A. McClel-
land's troop of volunteer light dragoons, in the
month of October, 1812; continued in said service
for one year; was severely wounded at the battle
of Missinoway on the 19th December, 1812. So
severe was his wound, that he had to be carried
on a litter from the battle-ground to Dayton,
Ohio, and from thence to Lebanon, Ohio, in a
sleigh. His horse was killed in said battle. Par-
tially recovering from said wound, he joined his
troop in the following spring, and marched to
Fart Meigs; was in the first siege of said fort, at
which place he was slightly wounded by a cannon
ball, the same killing a second horse for him while
in the attitude of mounting. He continued in the
service till the close of the campaign, partaking in
all the engagements of his squadron, and termina-
ting with the battle of the Thames; after which he
was discharged. * Shortly after leaving the volun-
teer service, he received, without solicitation on his
part, the appointment of ensign in the sixteenth
regiment United States infantry; and soon there-
after, without solicitation, the additional appoint-
ment from President Monroe of assistant deputy
quartermaster general, with orders to repair to
Carlisle, in theStateofPennsylvania. Heaccepted
the appointment, and promptly repaired to the
postaesi^ned him, and there continued in tne full
discharge of his duties until peace was made. In
the winter of 1814 and 1815 he felt serious incon-
venience from the wounds he had previously re-
ceived , and was confined to his bed for some weeks
in consequence thereof. From the month of Oc-
tober, 1819, in consequence of said wounds, he
has been confined to his bed, his crutckes, and his
staff.
Mr.'HENDRICKS. 1 ask jf there is not an
amendment pending to the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. There is.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask that it may be read.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
Insert after the word " money," the words "and
that the amount found due under the provisions
of this act shall be paid to the children of Cap-
tain Thomas Porter."
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 will state to the com-
mittee, that the state of this case has somewhat
changed since the report was made. Thomas
i Porter was wounded while a private. That wound
was almost cured when he was promoted; and he
services which he rendered m the Army after his
promotion made his foimer wounds become in-
curable. In 1831, by a special act of Congress,
he was pensioned at the rate of eight dollars a
month. This pay was not according to his rank,
and he declined to receive it; but afterwards be-
coming poor, he concluded to accept it. The
committee were of opinion that the pension should
have been according to his rank, and they have
accordingly reported a bill to that effect. Receiv-
ing, as he did, a pension, he could not get a pen-
sion, according to his rank, at the Pension Office,
Since the bill was reported, Captain Porter has
died of the wounds which he received in the ser-
vice, and my colleague reported the amendment
which has just been read. I think that it ought
to be adopted. This is a back pension, which he
ought to receive.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will inquire of
the gentleman whether he did not get a full dis-
ability pension for the rank he held in the service
at the time he received the injury?
Mr. HENDRICKS. If that were so, the
committee would have reported against the case;
for the committee have in no case reported a bill
giving larger pension than that of the rank held j
at the time of receiving the injury. This injury
became permanent and incurable while he was
captain. That is the finding of the report.
Mr. JONES. Was not the wound received
while Captain Porter was a private ?
Mr. HENDRICKS? I tried to state that to
the committee. His first wound was received
while he was a private. It was nearly cured
when he was promoted; and, by the labor incident
to the discharge of his last service, the wound
was made incurable. That is the report of the
physicians.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
There being no objection to the bill, it was then
laid aside to be reported to the House, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
HEIRS OF DANIEL BEDINGER.
House bill (No. 272) " for the relief of Daniel
Bedmger's heirs."
The bill was read through.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should like to
know from the gentleman who reported that bill j
why this claimant did not get his commutation pay
under the general laws authorizing its payment?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Rogers,] who reported the
bill, is not present.
Mr. JONES. Then let the bill go over until
he is here to give us some explanation of the bill.
Mr. FAULKNER. I did not report the bill,
but I am somewhat acquainted with the facts of
the case. The proof is conclusive that Mr. Bed- !
inger never received the commutation pay. Why j
he never called to receive it, is a question which j
cannot be determined at this day. That he was ]
entitled to it is certified to by all the other officers.
It is certified by the officer of the Government that
he never received it. All these certificates are
before the committee.
Mr. JONES. Let it go over. The gentleman
who reported it is absent, and I should like to 1
have some explanation from him.
Objeption being made, the bill was passed over. ;
PRISCILLA C. SIMONDS. |
Senate bill (No. 54) " for the relief of Priscilla '
C. Simonds."
The bill provides that the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury be directed to pay to i
Priscilla C. Simonds the sum of $418, being the ;
value of the property of the late Captain Moses ,
H Simonds, which was taken possession of by ■
authority of the United States.
From the report, it appears that Moses H.
Simonds, the son of the petitioner, was captain of ;
company H, third regiment of Missouri mounted
volunteers, and was mustered into the service of '
the United States on the 12th June, 1847. That
while in the discharge of his dutv,and en route for
Santa Fe with his company, Captain Simonds
sickened and died at Council Grove, on the 25th
day of July, 1847. That after his death, his !
property and effects, consisting of two horses,
clothing, and military equipage, &c., valued by
Lieutenant Cannon, of said company, under oath,
at $418, were taken possession of by Major Rey-
nolds, of said regiment, agreeably to the ninety-
fourth paragraph of the rules and articles of war,
but never accounted for by him, either to the rep-
resentatives of the deceased officer or to the Gov-
ment.
It appears by the papers that the major of the
regiment (Reynolds) did, on the decease of Cap-
tain Simonds, immediately secure all his effects,
as provided by law; and it further appears, upon
examination at the Adjutant General's office, that
he failed to send any inventory to the War De-
partment, as provided for by law. Major Rey-
nolds is also dead; and there does not now appear
to be any means of recovering the property, or its
value, from that quarter.
No objection being made to the bill, it was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with -a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
SAMUEL M'KNIGHT.
House bill (No. 319) " for the relief of Samuel
McKnight of the State of Kentucky.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the Inte-
rior be directed to place the name of Samuel
MeKnight, of the State of Kentucky, on the list
of invalid pensioners of the^United States, at the
rate of eight dollars per month, to commence Jan-
uary 1, 1853, and to continue during his natural
life.
• The report shows that on the 24th day of April,
1847, the petitioner enlisted in company B, of the
sixteenth regiment of the infantry in the Army of
the United States, to serve during tne war with
Mexico, and was honorably discharged at the
close of the war; that whilst the petitioner was in
the service in the lineof his duty, near Monterey,
in Mexico, his eyes became diseased; that this
disease was caused by the climate and the hard-
ships of the service, and not by any fault on the
part of the petitioner; that the disease has con-
stantly been growing worse, and that he is now
almost blind; that his eyes cannot be cured, but
that in a short time he will be entirely blind. The
petitioner is a stone mason,but has not been able
to labor at his business since his return from Mex-
ico. His money has been expended in securing
surgical treatment for his eyes. He is now wholly
disabled, and destitute.
No objection being made to the bill, it was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
WILLIAM WALLACE.
House bill (No. 320) (< for the relief of Wil-
liam Wallace, of Illinois."
The bill provides that the Secretary of the In-
terior be authorized and directed to place the name
of William Wallace, of the State of Illinois, on
the list of invalid pensioners of the United States,
at the rate of six dollars per month, from March
4, 1854, and to continue during his natural life.
The report shows that the petitioner served as
a corporal in Captain Whiting's company, of the
twenty-third regiment of United States infantry,
from the 26th day of February, 1813, during the
war of 1812; that on the 25th day of July, 1814,
at the battle of Bndgewater, he was wounded in
his left thigh, by a musket shot; that he was car-
ried from the field and remained in the hospital
for several months; that the bail was not taken
from the wound, but remains in the limb at this
time, and that the injury has within a few years
so increased, as three fourths to disable him from
obtaining his subsistence by manual labor.
The petitioner made application at the Pension
Office, but was refused a pension, because he could
not produce the testimony of a commissioned offi-
cer, or of more than one private of the company
in which he served, to establish his claim, which
was required under the law and regulations gov-
erning that office.
No objection being made to the bill, it was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
GEORGE M. BENTLEY.
House bill (No. 320) " for the relief of George
M. Bentley, of the State of Indiana."
The bill provides that the Secretary of the In-
terior be directed to place the name of Geoige M.
Bentley, of the State of Iiidiana; upon the list of
