1500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
invalid pensioners of the United States, at the rate
of eight dollars per month, from January 1, 1854,
and to continue during his natural life.
From the report, it appears that the said Bentley
was a private in company H in the third regiment
of Indiana volunteers, and in said company served
in Mexico during the war with that country; and
with his company fought gallantly at the battle o£
Bueria Vista. During the first part of the month
of November, 1846, the said regiment was en-
camped near Matamoras, upon the Rio Grande.
Onor about the 10th day of that month, said Bent-
ley, with the written permission of the colonel of
the regiment, went into the city of Matamoros,
and whilst there, by accident, sprained his right
ankle. Upon his return to camp in the evening,
his ankle was swollen, and he was so disabled by
lameness as to be unable to perform military duty
for a " considerable length of time/' Before the
limb was wholly restored, he returned to the dis-
charge of his duty; the swelling returned, and
continued until incurable ulcers broke out upon
the limb. The said Bentley \a now wholly disa-
bled trom providing for himself and his family by
manual labor.
Before entering the service of the United States,
the said Bentley was a sound and very robust
man. Whilst in the service he was temperate and
very attentive to his^uties. This claim was sub-
mitted to the Pension Office and rejected, for the
reason that theie is not the testimony of any per-
son who was immediately present when the injury
wan first received.
No objection being made to the bill, it was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
ZADOC C. INGRAHAM.
Senate hill (No. 249) (< for the relief of Zadoc
C. ingraham."
The bill provides that the Postmaster General
be directed to cause Zadoc C. Ingraham, late post-
master at Wapello, Iowa, to be released from a
judgment obtained against him by the United
►States in March, 1849, for $31$ 87, and all interest
and costs.
Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 ask that the report
may be lead.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that there is no report.
Mr JONHIS. Well, sir, the courts have deci-
ded against this man, and 1 think the bill had bet-
ter go over.
Mr. OLDS. There is a Senate report some-
where: but if the committee will allow me, I will
stite the facts of the case in half a dozen words.
This is the case of a postmaster who paid over
the amount of his postages to the contractor, hut
the money w<u* stolen. A suit wan brought
against him, and the amount recovered from him.
But since that time it has been proven satisfacto-
rily that the money was stolen. These are the
facts of the case. J hope there will be no objection.
There was no objection; and the bill was laid
aside to he reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
LLEWELLT2N WASHtNGTON.
Senate bill (No. 283) " for the relief of Llewel-
len Washington "
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Llewelleu Washington $>205 62, for
services performed by him as clerk m the Post
Office Department, from May 1, 1851, to July
14. of the same year.
The report of the committee was read, from
jvhich it appears that, according to the statement
of the Assistant Postmaster General, Llewelien
Washington was employed as temporary clerk in
the Post Office Department, during the time above
specified, at the rate of $1,000 per annum; that
the Postmaster General, in his estimate sent to
the Treasury Department, asked for $205 62 for
his payment; but,from somecause, noappropiia-
tion was made. The committee leport that they
believe the claim to be entirely just.
There being no objection to the bill, it was laid
aside to be reported to the H ouse, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
IR.A DAT.
Senate bill (No. 209) " for the relief of Ira Day,
of Vermont."
The hill authorizes and requires the Postmaster
General to pay to Ira Day, out of the funds of
the Post Office Department, the sum of $1,008 30,
in full for the balance due him for transporting
the mail from Royalton to Burlington, m Ver-
mont, from January, 1833, to July, 1837.
From the report it appears that James Barker
and others were conjtractors for transporting a
daily mad for fouryears from Boston, in theState
of Massachusetts, to Royalton, Montpeher. and
Burlington, (the great depot of navigation on Lake
Champlain,) being the great mail route from Bos-
ton to Montreal, for the sum of $12,250 per an-
i num, commencing on the 1st d^y of January,
| 1833, and ending m January, 1837. In the month
! of October, 1834, the Postmaster General ordered
j £he mail to be discontinued one day in a week on
| that part of the route from Royalton to Burling-
: ton; which part of the route, fur the transporta-
! tion of the mail, was assigned by the contractors
, to the petitioner. Under the order aforesaid of the
: Postmaster General, the mad from Boston arrived
| at Royalton on Saturday evening, and remained
I over until the Monday mornma: following.
! The inconvenience to the public by this order
appears to have been so great, that the postmas-
ters on the route and other citizens solicited and
urged the petitioner to continue the transportation
of the mail every day, notwithstanding said order
of the Postmaster General. He did so; and by
so doing the line was continued unbroken, and
the mail was transported regularly from Boston
to the capital of Vermont, and thence to Burling-
ton, and vice versa, every day in the week. The
petitioner therefore claims the sum of $1,008 90,
beins: the sum withheld from him by the Postmas-
ter General on account of the order for discontin-
uing the transportation of the mail aforesaid.
It also appears that the mail was carried by the
petitioner, at the request t>f the Postmaster Gen-
eral, after the contract, had expired, to wit: from
the 1st of January, 1837, to the 1st of July of the
same year. The one seventh part of the amount
of the original contract for performing that service
was also >etained by the PostmasterGeneral, and
is included in the bdl.
There was no power vested in the Postmaster
General authorizing him to make the order of
October, 1834, discontinuing the mail one day in
the week on that part of the route from Royalton
to Burlington.
Mr. UPHAM. I move to amend the bill by
inserting after the name (< Jra Day " the words
" or his legal representatives."
The amendment was agreed to.
No objection being made to the bill, it was laid
aside to be repotted to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. CMASTAIN. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
WILLIAM G. HOWISON.
| House bill (No. 356) <l for the relief of William
j G. Howison."
ii The bill provides that William G. Howison be
ij allowed by the proper accounting officers of the
|i Treasury £167, in full for all services as a mem-
i ber nf the Auxiliary Guard of the city of Wash-
i. ington.
From the report, it appears William G. How-
i ison was a member of the Auxiliary Guard for j
I the city of Washington, and that whilst acting in ;
i; that capacity he becime sick; that he remained j
j1 so for one hundred and sixty-seven days, when, i
jj on account of it, he was discharged the service; i
II that whilst sick he was docked in his pay, which j
' he maintains wag not right, and not justified by i
.! precedent. j
No objection being made to the bill, it was laid j
H aside to be reported to the House, with a recom- ;
|j mendation that it pass. |
:i CAPTAIN MaTHEW JACK. j
Housebill (No. 360) <( for the relief of theheirs j
' j of Captain Mathew Jack, deceased." j
I- The bill and report were read.
The bill provides for the payment of one year's I
ii extra pay to which Captain Mathew Jack was j
ji entitled by virtue of resolution of 1778. !
\[ There being no objection to the bill, it was laid j
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom- j
mendation that it do pass. *
LOT HALL. !
: | House bill (No. 365) " for the relief of the heirs j
ij of Lot Hall, deceased." j
!| The bill provides that the proper accounting ofii- 1
cers of the Treasury shall settle and pay to theheirs
and legal representatives of Lot Hall, deceased,
who was a lieutenant of marines in the &e>-vice of
the United States during the Revolution, $1,906,
together with the interest thereon, at six per cent,
per annum, from May 25, 1840, for the pay of a
lieutenant of mannes, due to the said Lot Hall,
and for the subsistence of the said Hall while a
prisoner of war, and also for the share of prize
money due to him, under the resolutions of Con-
gress, for the proceeds of the vessels captured by
Lieutenant Payne, while the said Hall was under
his command.
It appears, from the report made in this case,
that Lot Hall entered the service of the United
States in May, 1776, as a lieutenant of marines,
under Lieutenant Elijah F. Payne, of the ship
Randolph, of twenty guns, then lying at Charles-
ton, South Carolina, under the command of Rob-
ert Cochran; that said Hall entered the service
under the regulations of Congress, and the direc-
tions of General Washington, in Massachusetts,
where he enlisted twenty-nine men and a boy,
whom he transported to Providence, Rhode Island,
and placed, as well as himself, under the command
of Lieutenant Payne; from Providence they sailed,
in the month of June, 1776, with a design to make
a cruising voyage to Charleston, South Carolina,
to join their ship, the Randolph. On their passage
they took four prizes, the last of which Hall was
put on hoard of as prize-master, with orders to
take the prize into Boston; but she was retaken
by a British vessel, and Hall carried a prisoner of
war to Glasgow, m Scotland, where he was de-
tained about a year, when he was enabled to take
passage for Virginia, where he arrived about the
1st of January, 1778, as an exchanged officer; and
through the munificence of Patrick Henry, then
Governor of Virginia, he was enabled to reach his
home in Massachusetts, February 22, 1778, stop-
ping at Philadelphia on his route, and petitioning
Congress, then sitting there, for employment,
which petition is dated January 23, 1778; and
after setting forth his adventures and sufferings,
concludes as follows:
"I now beg of your honors to consider my sufferings,
and it you think me deserving any otliee on board a Conti-
nental voetel, and wjll be«t<Hv u upon me, I am willing to
enter a second time, or at legist 1 hope your honors will
supply me with mone\ sufficient to carry me to the State of
Boston, the Slate of ujy nativity."
Upon this state of tacts the claimants ask for
the pay and subsistence of said Hall while a
prisoner; for one year's pay as a supernumerary
exchanged officer, and for his share of the prize
money, with such interest as Congress may deem
just and right.
There being no objection to the bill, it was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that'it pass.
HENRY HOFFMAN.
House bill (No. " for the relief of the legal
representatives of Henry Hoffman."
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury pay the sum of eighty
dollars to the legal representatives of Henry Hoff-
man, being on account of a reward provided in
certain cases, by resolution of Obngress of the 16th
of May, 1778.
From the report, itappears that, by the original
papers in the office of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, Henry Hoffman enlisted on the 5th of Sep-
tember, 1782, for, and served until the end of, the
war, in the second regiment Pennsylvania line.
The Third Auditor of the Treasury Department
also states that the records in his office show that
he received his monthly pay to the end of the war,
but did not receive a certificate for the eighty dol-
lars gratuity promised by resolution of Congress,
passed May 15, 1778, which provides a reward
of eighty dollars for each non-commissioned offi-
cer or soldier who had enlisted, or might thereaf-
ter enlist, and serve to the end of the war. The
case of Henry Hoffman clearly comes within the
provisions of that resolution.
No objection being made to the bill, it was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
BILLS OBJECTED TO,
House bill (No. 273) "for the relief of the
legal representatives of Colonel John H. Stone."
[Objected to by Mr. Skelton ]
House bill (No. 274) " for the relief of the legal
representatives of Colonel Willis Riddtok, ae-
