1508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
No. 283. An act for the relief of Llewellen
Washington.
The following bill having been also read by its
*title:
No. 249. An act for the relief ofZadoc C. In-
ghram,
Mr. OLDS said: I have one word to say with
regard to the Inghram case. I am reported in the
Globe of to-day as having said, yesterday, as fol-
lows:
" There is a Senate report somewhere ; but if the com-
mittee will allow me, 1 will state the facts of the case in
half a dozen words. This is the case ol a postmaster who
paid over the amount of his postages to the contractor, but
the money was stolen. A suit was brought against him,
ami the amount recovered from hhn. But since that time
it has been proven satisfactorily that the money was stolen.
Thfi-e are the facts of the case. 1 hope there will be no
objection."
Sir, the statement which F made yesterday was
not that the money was stolen. The case is this:
The postmaster paid over the money to the con-
tractor for carrying the mails, and his vouchers
for the payment were sent to the General Post
Office, and were burned when the Post Office build-
ing was burned, in 1836. A suit was commenced
against him, however, for the money, inasmuch
as the vouchers were lost. The contractor to
whom the money had been paid being dead, the
evidence before the committee is from the brother
of the contractor, who certifies under oath that the
contractor did receive his money. And the peti-
tioner asks to be discharged from this suit against
him. This makes a much stronger case than that
as reported in the Globe.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio if the contractor was charged with
the money in the settlement of the accounts of the
Department'5 9
Mr. OLDS. The contractor's account still
stands open at the Department. But it is in proof
by the brother of the contractor, under oath, that
the contractor did receive this money from the
postmaster.
Air. JONES. In what year was the money paid?
Mr. OLDS. I am unable to say now, the Sen-
ate report having been mislaid. X believe, how-
ever, it was in 1836.
Mr. JONES. And the statement is, that the
account is still open at the Post Office Department.
1 should suppose it would be settled before this
time.
Mr. HENN. I would state to the gentleman
from Tennessee, that the account has been kept
open for this very purpose, of giving the post-
master an opportunity to prove this fact. He has
never been able to do it till within the last six
months. *
Mr. JONES. Then certainly the Department
ought to have been able lo close the account within
six months, if it is proved that the contractor got
the money. .
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and was subsequently read a thn'd time, and
passed.
The following House bills were then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and, being en-
grossed, were read a third time, and passed:
House bill (No. 269) "to create and provide a
pension for David Towle;"
House bill (No. 319) " for the relief of Samuel
McKmght, of Kentucky;"
House bill (No. 320) 41 for the relief of William
Wallace, of the State of Illinois;'*
House bill (No. 3*31) "for the relief of George
• M. Bentley, of the State of Indiana;"
XI ouse bill (No.356) *'for the relief of William
G. Howison;"
House bill (No. 360) "for the relief of theheirs
of Captain Matthew Jack, deceased;"
Housebill (No.365)"for the relief of the heirs
of Lot Hall, deceased;" and
House bill (No, 366)" for the relief of the legal
representatives of Henry Hoffman."
Mr. HOUSTON. I now hope that the House
will reeolveitself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, with a view to finish
to-day the civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr. DISNEY. I ask the gentleman from Ala-
bama to yield to me for a moment. There is a
bill in relation to the survey of the public lands
of Oregon, which has come back from the Senate
with a single amendment. 1 ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up that bill, and
agree to the amendment.
The title of the bill was reported, as follows:
A bill to amend an act approved September 27,
1850, to create the office of surveyor general of
public lands in Oregon, and an act amendatory
thereof, approved May 19, 1853.
Mr,. LETCHER, i understand that that bill
is to increase offices. If so, 1 object to it.
Objection being made, the bill was not taken up.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 move that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. This being private bill day,
the motion to go into Committee upon the Private
Calendar takes precedence of the motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. HENN. I wish to ask thegemleman from
Alabama, thechairman of the Committeeof Ways
and Means, what he proposes to take up in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
Mr. HOUSTON. My object is to take up and
finish the civil and diplomatic bill, in order that on
Monday we may take up the bill to appropriate
$10,000,000 to carry out our recent treaty with
Mexico.
Mr. McMULLIN. We cannot get through
with that bill to-day.
Mr. HOUSTON. We can, easily.
ji Mr. HAMILTON. I would inquire of the
■ Chair, if we go into Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, will it be objec-
tion day, or\vill discussion be m order?
The SPEAKER. It will not be objection
day.
The question being upon Mr. McMullin's
motion,
Mr. CARUTHERS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Peckham
and Vail were appointed.
The question was taken;and the tellers reported
—ayes 49, a further count not being demanded.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and being taken,
the motion was agreed to.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The rules were accordingly suspended. The
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Orr in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1855.
When the committee last rose, Mr. Smith, of
Virginia, had offered the following amendment:
For the completion of the bridge at Little Falls, in the
])islnct of Columbia, %75,000 : Piovided, That no part ol
this appropnatnm shall be expand* d except in fulfillment of
a contract which the Secretary of' the Interior is hereby
required to make, if in his power to do so. fi r me comple-
tion of f-aid biirtgp tor the amount hereby appropiiatcd ; and
it shall be, and is heicby declined to be, ihe duly of snul
Secretary lo require the contractor or contractors to give
bond Willi ample security tor the fulfillment of his contract.
Mr. Skelton had moved to amend the same
by reducing the appropriation to $38,000, and the
pending question was upon the latteramendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not propose to make
anything like a speech; but there is one part of
the amendment of my colleague which I want
stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman that there is already an amendment
pending—one offered by the gentleman from New
Jersey—upon which debate is exhausted.
Mr. LETCHER. I thought that the question
was taken on the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Skelton's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 move to strike from the
amendment the words " if in his power he can do
so."
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I accept the gentle-
man's amendment as a modification of my own.
• Mr. McMULLIN. 1 move to reduce the ap-
propriation to $'25,000.
Mr. Chairman, it is at all times unpleasant
for me to differ with my colleagues on any ques-
tion before this committee; but it is more painful
for me to differ with my friend than any other
colleague of mine upon- this floor. It is my desire
now to call the attention of the committee to the
facts in this case. In the first place, I have, and
have had, very grave doubts whether it is the
policy of this Government to build this bridge at
all; and I doubt very much the policy of lecom-
mencing the work now completely prostrate. If
it be determined to build a bridge, then I insist
that the one suggested is not the proper point.
You have a bridge across the Potomac river now
which is called the Long Bridge. There is before
Congress a proposition to build a bridge across
the same river at Georgetown, the object of which
will be to accommodate the traveling community,
both by carriage and railroad. This bridge is
located some three or four miles above George-
town. Now, all that will be necessary to accom-
modate the community will be to construct a turn-
pike from Leesburg, down alongside the river to a
point opposite Georgetown, where the bridge ought
to be built. The building of that bridge will then
supersede the necessity for the building of this
one. Now, I put it to the committee, whether it
be the desire to build one or two bridges ? I give
gentlemen notice to-day, that if my colleague's
amendment be adopted for the building of a bridge
at Little Falls, very soon they will be called on to
provide for the construction of another one oppo-
site Georgetown. I insist that two budges are
not necessary. By building the bridge opposite
Georgetown, you will accommodate the travel by
the road provided for in my colleague's amend-
ment, and also the travel of Alexandria and the
wholp South. Yon must build a bridge to connect
the northern and southern railroads. The building
of the one at Georgetown will accommodate, all
interests.
I appeal to my colleague, and more strongly
because I look to the interests of his constituents,
whether he ought to hesitate a moment to with-
draw his amendment, and to let a proposition be
introduced for the building of a bridge at George-
town. Let the citizens of Georgetown extend
the turnpike three miles, to that place, and one
bridge will accommodate all interests. I hope, if
my colleague will not withdraw his amendment,
that the committee will vote it down; for, sir, I
repeat, you must have a bridge to connect the
northern with the southern travel, either at George-
town or below that point. That place 1 under-
stand to be the proper and appropriate one for a
bridge.
Will the committee, then, under these circum-
stances, having heretofore purchased this bridge
from the company, and having appropriated
$30,000 for this purpose, which has been all lost,
now appropriate $75,000 more when Congress
may in future, as it doubtless will, be called upon
to build another bridge at Georgetown ? It would
be doing injustice to every interest of this great
country. I ask you to look at this question m its
true character. There ought not to be two opin-
ions upon this subject; and I hope the amendment
will be rejected.
Mr. MAY. I hope the amendment proposed
by the gentleman who has just taken his seat will
not prevail. I think that the one presented by
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] deserves
the favor of the committee. The site of the bridge
at Little Falls is one that has been selected for
more than fifty years; and the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. McMullin] is quite mistaken that
it is not, by nature, in a favorable position for a
bridge. It is the best, m my opinion, within fifty
miles above that place, and down to the mouth of
the river. The channel of the river is confined
there within the narrowest space to be found any
where for fifty miles above. The Government,
when it agreed to purchase the bridges across the
eastern branch of the Potomac, that the commu-
nication between this District and Maryland might
be free, thought that it would be just to the people
of Virginia that the same privilege should be given
to them. They accoidingly purchased the old
suspension bridge which swung across the river
at this place. That is the origin of the purchase
of this bridge.
Roads constructed at great expense converge to
this point upon ^oth sides of the river. The com-
munication to that point has been established by
fifty years' use of the bridge: and it will be a most
serious disappointment and injury to the people
upon both sides of the river if that communica-
tion should be interrupted. The Government had
undertaken to build this bridge. They purchased
it, and it is an act of justice to the people of Vir-
ginia, as well as the people of the District, that
