1504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24.
Should it be the pleasure of Congress that anything should
be done hi this re-pect, beyond the rvach ol the mean* now
at our disposal, a further appropriation will be necessary;
and if it be in'endtnl to supply, in any reasonable degree,
the wants, an I to comply with the wishes, ol the agricultu-
ral portion of the community, it will require an appropria-
tion for that purpose, of not less than $2o,0ft0.
I have no doubt that such a sum could be very advant-
ageously employed in furtherance of the general objects of
the agrieultuial branch of tins office.
Veiy respectiuliy, your obedient servant,
C. MASON-, Commissioner.
To Hon. John L. Dawson, Chairman of Committee
on Agriculture, House of Representatives, United States.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think that there are two
points about this amendment on which £ ought to
say something. In the first place, the letter just
read would seem to convey the impression that
the Committee of Ways and Means had inten-
tionally neglected to include that appropriation in
this bill. It is a singular fact, that notwithstand-
ing the phraseology used by the Commissioner of i
Patents in that letter, he presented no estimate to i
the committee for this purpose; although he seems I
to endeavor to cast upon us the reflection—or what j
he thinks the leflectton—of having omitted or ;
failed to include this appropriation in the bill. But, !
in truth and in fact, it is entirely a neglect of his |
own, orof some one else in the PatentOffice. No '
estimate for this was sent to the Committee of!
Ways and Means; and we are not in the habit of!
traveling out of estimates, sent from the Depart- I
ments in one shape or the other, with a view to j
make appropriations. •
There is another thing. The phraseology of this I
amendment, in i.ts present form, is unusual; and j
I think it is wrong. Until the deficiency bill which |
passed the House the other day, we have always 1
appropriated that money out of the Patent Office 1
fund. We did not do it in that deficiency bill, and |
for the reason that the Patent Office was without !
funds. Cut we gnve them $10 000 in that bill, j
We gave them §40,000 or §45,000 to furnish a j
room in which to keep their models. We have ;
given them from §50,000 to $60,000 in this bill, j
with a view to en-ible them to meet these expenses |
thereafter. That amendment ought to provide ]
that the moneys, appropriated by it, should come '
out of th'e Patent Office fund. It is for the next j
fiscal year; and it is to be presumed, that they will j
have a Patent Office fund next year out of which J
to pny these appropriations. We have paid all j
the deficiencies this year. We have furnished !
their room for models, which is the first appro- j
priation of the kind that we have ever made. We
nave done ail this, and now it is asked to pay this j
appropriation out of the Treasury. 1
Now, I think the proper mode would be to
amend the amendment so as to mnke the appro-
priation be paid out of the Pdlent Office fund; and
if they have no fund, I tftink it is time for them
to let us know that, and to let us take such steps
to supply (hem as may he necessary. In the j
mean time, and considering the fact that the appro- j
priations contained in this amendment will not j
nave to he expended until the next fiscal year, I j
move to amend the amendment by striking out j
these I;\st words, " out of any moneys in the i
Treasury not otherwise appropriated,"and inseit |
in lieu thereof the words u out of the PatentOffice i
fund." ;
Mr. LILLY. ( am opposed to theamendment j
to the u mend man t submitted by the gentleman from :
Alabama, (Mr. Houston,] for the reason that he \
has already given. Me says tins money should '
come out of the Patent Office fund. Now, I am '
opposed to any such amendment. I am opposed !
to the great agricultural interests of this country
being made to play second-fiddle to any other in- |
lerest. Take this appropriation from the funds
of the Patent Office, and you tax the mechanics i
and inventors of this country for the benefit of the j
farm* rs, although it is vt-ry little that they get from !
this Government. Again, he says the money j
will not be wanted until after the expiration of'
the pre^nt fiscal year. Now, the great object of ;
having this appropriation made now is, that they ;;
can predicate upon it their conduct and calcula-
tions in reference to purchasing these seeds, and ji
3n mder that they can get and distribute them |j
within the fiscal year, gs they ought to do, and in
order that .ve may not have to supply a deficiency >
for this object in the nextdeficiency bill, i think j
the proposition a reasonable one, and that the 1
Patent Office can expend this money with great |
benefit to the country. If it is appropriated now, \
out of the general fund, the Commissioner of Pat-
ents can go on and make his contracts for these
seeds with more confidence, and at a .greater ad-
vantage, than he can do if we fail to appropriate
it. I hope, therefore, that the amendment of the
gentleman from Alabama will not prevail, but
that the amendment of the gentleman from Michi-
gan will be adopted.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. BENSON. 1 move to increase the amount-
contained in the amendment of the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Clark] five dollars.
1 make that motion, Mr. Chairman, for the pur-
pose of saying a word in reply to the remarks of
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] as
well as maintaining the importance of a liberal
appropriation for the object under consideration
It is well known that there is a large number of
the members of this House who believe that some-
thing more ought to be granted to the great in-
terest ofagricukure than what is obtained as a sort
of  
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (interrupting.) I
rise to a point of order. It is, that the gentleman
is talking about the propriety of buying the seed,
and not to the importance of buying five dollars'
worth more, as proposed in his amendment.
Mr. BENSON. I will endeavor to keep as
near to the line of propriety, in my remarks, as
the gentleman usually does, and as near to my
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman should
keep as near to the explanation of the necessity
of his amendment as he can. Some latitude has
been heretofore allowed; but the gentleman will see
the necessity of confining himself to his amend ment.
Mr. BENSON. I take it, that if my argument
goes to show the necessity of expending the
amount proposed by the gentleman from Mich-
igan, together with the addition winch i propose,
it will be pertinent and in order.
It seems to me, Mr, Chairman, that itia enough
to say that there are those, and they are numer-
ous, in this House who believe we ought to ex-
pend at least the sum which is proposed by the
gentleman from Michigan, together with the sum
which I have proposed to add thereto, in the ad-
vancement of this great interest. Sir, I believe
the judgment of the country is, that there ought
to be a separate and distinct, Department of the
Government devoted to the,cause of agriculture.
And it is not a new idea. Washington presented
it in his various messages while he was President
of the United States; and in March, 1797, writing
to Mr. Sinclair, says:
" I am sorrv to add, that nothing final in Congress has
been decided respecting th*  in-minnon of a national board
of agrieuhuie, recouirix'iided by me at the opening of ihe
session. I think it highly probable that next session will
bung this matter to maturity."
From that day almost every President of the
United States has presented the distinct proposi-
tion that there ought to be, in behalf of the great
interest of agriculture, a department peculiar and
devoted to it. But all that agriculture has yet re-
ceived, is simply that which it gets as a sort of
adjunct to the Patent Office.
Allow me to say, however, that the agricultural
part of the Report of the Patent Office is a valu-
able contribution in aid of this great, cause. It is
a document which is more demanded by my con-
stituents, and by almost every agricultural portion
of the country, than any document which in pub-
lished by.the order of this House. And, sir, it
seems to me that we ou^ht not to be dependent
upon any particular fund, euch as the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] suggests, contin-
gent in its character, to furnish the necessary
means for supplying the information togive value
to the only book which is peculiarly interesting to
the farmers of the country.
It should be a separate and distinct fund. I
think we ought to expend at least the amount
asked for in the amendment of the gentleman from
Michigan; and if we spend more than that, I will
venture to say our constituents will not find fault
with us for that, whatever they may do in refer-
ence to buying Hickey's Constitution, valuable
as that is, and various other publications v/hich we
are scattering broadcast over the land. Let us
do something for this inteiest Let us adopt the
amendment of the gentleman from Michigan, and
I will not ask for more.
Mr. BENSON. I will now withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. .LETCHER. I object to the amendment
being withdrawn. I have no objection at all to
making the usual allowance from the Patent Office
fund for the purpose specified in this amendment;
but I do object to saddling the PatentOffice, the Post
Office, and every other Department of the Gov-
ernment, upon the National Treasury, and thereby
creating the necessity for keeping up the tariff,
and preventing a reduction of the duties. I find
that those men who are the most interested in the
passage of such propositions as this, are generally
men who belong to the tariff party; that they are
generally those who are the most interested in
keeping up a high protective tariff.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman that he must confine himself to
opposing the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine.
Mr. LETCHER. I am confining myself to
that amendment. I resist that amendment
upon the ground, and for the reason, that it is
throwing additional burdens upon the general
Treasury, and thereby creating a necessity for
imposing high tariff duties upon the people. It
strikes me that that is a perfectly legitimate and
fair mode of argument in opposing the amendment
of the gentleman from Mkine. I say I object to
measures of this kind being resorted to for the pur-
pose of keeping up the necessity of a high tariff, to
prevent our reducing the duties-upon imports.
Now, sir, so far as those expenditures are con-
cerned, let the Patent Office pay them out of its
own fund. Let those who come herewith their
inventions pay for these expenses out of the funds
which they have contributed. I have no objection
to this allowance being madeout of that fund, to be
expended in this way, or in any other way which
Congress may think proper. I repe.it, sir, that I
hope the burdens of this expenditure will be
borne by the Patent Office uself, and that that
Department will not be saddled too upon the gen-
eral Treasury.
Mr. BENSON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Ci ark; and being taken, the
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EWING. I presume this is a very good
place to offer an amendment, which I hold in my
hand.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. It seems to me
this is rather an irregular way of proceeding. I
think it will be better if the gentleman will allow
the miscellaneous items contained in the bill to be
read before he offers his amendment. We have
commenced offering these general amendments at
the head of the miscellaneous class of items con-
tained in the bill.
Mr. EWING. If the Committee of Ways and
Means think that, it would be prettier at the bot-
tom, very well. [Laughter.]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE 1 move to strike
"$200" from the following:
For compensation of inspectors of said penitentiary,
(penitentiary of the District of Columbia,) $300,
—and to insert as follows:
Seven hundred and fifty dollars; and that the proviso
contained in the act making appropriations for the support
of Government, approved 12th August 1848, whereby the
salary of the inspectors was reduced, be, and the isame is
hereby, repealed.
Mr. Chairman, I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report that amend-
ment to this committee. The facts are briefly
these: A number of years ago a law was pass'-d,
embracing amons; other things the appointment of
inspectors for the penitentiary of this District,
fixing the salary of each at §>250, and imposing
on them some very considerable duties. The
compensation was not an extravagant one. In the
civil and diplomatic bill of 1848 a provision was
inserted, reducing the compensation of these in-
spectors to $100 each. That is the proviso which
the amendment proposes to repeal. On the repre-
sentations made to the committee of the character
of the duties of these gentleman, we thought that
§250 a year to each was notan exorbitant salary,
it is therefore proposed to restore the original sal-
ary. The law originally gave them £750", or §250
each.
Mr. SEWARD. I should like very much to
have some information in regard to this peniten-
