THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JUNE 26, 1854.
New Series No. 95.
tiary. There are some $9,000 appropriated each
year to keep up that institution. 1 should like to
know whether the conviets are supported in ease
and comfort, or whether they are required to labor?
1 think that they ought to be made to work out a
considerable part of the expense. I hope the
committee may not adopt the amendment.
A Member. The expense of the penitentiary
is $12,000.
Mr. S
. SE WARD. I am told that the expense of
the institution is $12,000. If this penitentiary is
getting to be such a  reat tax on the Government
we had better abolish it.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I cannot answer the
gentleman. I cannot give him a detailed account
of the management of the institution. Our atten-
tion was not directed to that. Our attention was
only directed to the character of the duties which
these inspectors had to perform, and the,amount
of their compensation. We were satisfied the
amount proposed in the amendment was proper.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment:
For payment to the city of Norfolk, for rent of rooms in
the City Hall by the district court of the United States for
the eastern district of Virginia, from the 30th of May, 18&0,
to the 30th of May, 1853, ft900.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EWING. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For mileage and per diem to William Oarr Lane, for ron-
testmg the seat of the Delegate ft om Neiv Mexico, $2,868 80.
1 presume that, with a brief explanation, there
will be no objection to the amendment. I have
been instructed by the Committee of Elections,
and, 1 believe, if 1 am not mistaken, with perfect
unanimity, to report in favor of paying mileage
and per diem to William Carr Lane for contest-
ing the seat of the Delegate from New Mexico.
1 have been advised that the point in the bill which
we are now considering is as good a place as 1
could find to offer the amendment. The Com-
mittee of Elections unanimously, or,perhaps, with
but one dissenting voice, reported against allowing
the seat to Governor Lane. I myself concurred in
the report of the majority of the committee, be-
lieving that the sitting member was entitled to his
seat. At the same time, however,'that the com-
mittee believed this, there was at all events plaus-
ible ground amply sufficient to justify Governor
Lane in contesting the seat. There were great
irregularities—irregularities which,perhaps,ought
to be overlooked in a new Territory, recently or-
ganized like that of New Mexico, comprising
such a population as it does. I say, that there
were great irregularities in the election, but there
was no proof to satisfy us that there was fraud in
any case; and we felt bound, under the decisions
of the courts, to decide against the petitioner.
The committee are well aware that it is import-
ant to pay the expenses of the contestants of seats
upon this floor, in order to preset ve the purity of
elections, and guard the rights of the people and
their Representatives. No man is willing to come
here from such a remote constituency as that of
New Mexico at very great expense, with his case
prepared at still greater expense, and remain here
awaiting the action of the House at an additional
expense; for we all know what it costs to live at
hotels here, and it is bad enough with the per
diem. It cannot be expected that a poor man
would, and 1 know that a rich man would not, be
willing—after going through the canvass, and per-
haps incurring expenses there—to prepare his
case, come to this great distance, neglect his busi-
ness, and pay his board here, to contest a seat
here. It is on that principle that we recommend
this appropriation, and I simply wish to remind
the committee that it has always justified and in-
duced the House to appropriate money to pay for
the mileage and per diem of a contesting member.
With this brief explanation, I presume the com-
mittee will hardly object to the amendment, al-
though I see my friend from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] rising to oppose it. [A laugh.]
95
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am opposed to
this amendment, as I have been to everyone of a
similar character since I have been here. I have
one rule on which I act on subjects of this kind,
and from which I do not vary. It is this: that
when a contestant succeeds in ousting the sitting
member, I will vote to pay him the mileage and
per diem up to that time, whether he succeeds in
establishing his own right to the seat or not. But
I cannot vote to pay any contestant who has failed
to satisfy the House that the sitting member is
not entitled to his seat.
[Cries of " Question !" u Question !"]
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I propose to
amend the amendment by increasing the appro-
priation one dollar.
I desire to remark, Mr. Chairman, that this is
a rather peculiar case, and one which does not
ordinarily occur. When Colonel Lane left the
Territory of New Mexico to come to Washington
and claim a seat on this floor as the Delegate of
that Territory, he certainly felt that he was the
rightfully and legally elected Delegate. The elec-
tion returns that were then in the office of the Sec-
retary of the Territory showed that he had a large
majority of the votes returned. The certificate,
however,was given to SeiiorGALLEGos; or rather
a complex sort of certificate was given to him, not
deciding the right of either party to the seat. But
as the certificate was given to Senor Gallegos,
Colonel Lane felt it to be his duty to contest the
election at the instance of the people of the Terri-
tory. He did give notice to Senor Gallegos of his
intention to contest his seat; and he authorized his
agent in New Mexico to take testimony in the
case, before he left the Territory to come to the
States. Subsequently, however, additional re-
turns were sent to the Secretary's office. These
additional returns were sent in time, not exactly
according to the requirements of the law, but
really within the limitation allowed by law. And
I suppose they were sent to the Secretary at the
expense of the Government, and that he had
authority to send out and get a correct report, the
provisions of the law not having been complied
with. Those additional returns to the Secretary
changed the whole character of the matter, and,
instead of showing that Governor Lane was enti-
tled to a seat, it showed that SeiiorGALLEGos was.
There was no fraud in the transaction, and no
attempt to show fraud There was a clear and
undoubted expression of the whole people in favor
of Gallegos, and of course he was, by the action
of this House, permitted to take his seat here.
But Governor Lane, when he left the Territory
and came here, believed that he was justly enti-
tled to the seat; and the leturns, for the time
being, showed that he was entitled to it. I am
satisfied that he came to Washington in good
faith; and I think, under those circumstances, he
is entitled to his mileage and per diem.
Mr. EWING. 1 wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman whether Governor Lane does not stand
upon the same footing as those, in many other
cases, where mileage and per diem have been al-
lowed ?
Mr. STANTON. I have no doubt of it.
Mr. EWING. The committee will remember
that if the grounds upon which his election stood
had been as he supposed they were, he would
; have been occupying a seat here, and receiving
j mileage and per diem. But the facts turned out
j to be different from what he supposed,
i Mr. SEWARD. I put myself to some trouble
J to examine the returns of that election, and I am
j unable to see any plausible ground upon which
j Colonel Lane could claim a right to a seat upon
> this floor. In truth, the whole ground of his
i objection to the election of his opponent was based
] upon a legal technicality, and that was, that the
1 poll books were not propeilykept and certified to
; under the laws of New Mexico.
i My objection to this amendment is, that it is
j setting a bad precedent. If I believed that the
| seat was contested in good faith, I would vote tor
I the appropriation; but the whole ground upon
which he based his claim to a seat upon this floor
was flimsy and technical.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, (interrupting.)
The gentleman will allow me to say that the ex-
ception taken to the poll books was not taken
until after General Lane had left the Territory
and had arrived here.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, it was the duty of that
gentleman to have received a certificate of his elec-
tion from the proper authority before he left for
Washington; and if he came here in advance of
the fact of his election being ascertained, he did so
on his own responsibility.
Let us examine this question. Here is a gen-
tleman who was occupying a public position in
New Mexico, and his business in connection
with that position called him to Washington.
Now, it was very convenient for him, under such
circumstances, to contest the election of his oppo-
nent, and set up a claim for mileage and per diem.
The practice of allowing such claims is a bad one; -
and in all our Territories the same condition of
things may arise hereafter from the unsettled state
they are in, their sparseness of population, and
the want of well-settled laws of election; and ff
this claim is allowed, others will come here, from
time to time, and set up a claim for mileage and
per diem whenever there is any ground, however
slight, to justify it.
Furthermore^ when the matter was under in-
vestigation before the committee, it was with dif-
ficulty that we could get him before the Commit-
tee to attend to it; and the House will remember,
that after the committee had decided upon the
"case, and reported upon it to the House, he did
not trouble himself to contest the nght of his ad-
versary when the report was made, and that we
heard nothing of his claim for several days after-
waids. I think the chairman of the Committee of
Elections himself opposed a suspension of the
rules for the purpose of introducing a resolution to
pay Mr. Lane his per diem and mileage when the
attempt was made in the House, and I do not
think I can be mistaken when I say that at that
time a majority of that committee were opposed
to paying this gentleman his per diem and mileage.
Mr. STANTON, by unanimous consent, then
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. HUNT. I move to increase the amount
ten dollars.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] says he desires to maintain his con-
sistency—that he has always acted in opposition
to the allowance of such claims. Sir, I desire this
House, on the other hand, to maintain its consist-
ency, and to continue the liberal policy it has
heretofore pursued m cases like the present. I
desire that the representatives of the people should
uphold that policy as a means of preserving the
purity of the elective franchise. I desire them to
keep the door open for the proper investigation
by this House of contested elections, and espe-
cially not to shut it against poor men who cannot
afford to come here and press their claims and the
claims of the people, when they know that, in the
event of not succeeding, the expenses of the con-
tests must fall exclusively upon themselves.
Mr. Chairman, 1 had the honor of forming an
acquaintance this winter with Governor Lane in
this city'/and I take great pleasure in saying, that
I found him a high-minded, honorable gentleman,
of singular modesty, and delicacy of feeling. Sir,
he never presented a petition for pay and mile-
age to this House. Thepresentmotion originates
in the sense of justice of members; and I hope the
House will feel it its duty to adopt it.
I do not propose to go into the question of the -
justice of Governor Lane's claim to a seat upon
this floor. The Committee of Elections determ-
ined, and 1 have no doubt justly, that he was
not entitled to a seat. Bui the same committee,
thoroughly acquainted with all the circumstances
undei which he appeared befoie the House, have
reported that he is entitled to the per diem and
mileage usually allowed in cases of contested elec-
tions.
Mr. SEWARD. If the gentleman will allow
