1508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
is, in my opinion, an injudicious one. I think it
is wrong. Believing so, I feel just as much at
liberty to vote against it as if 1 had voted for it
as an original proposition, which I did not do. I
endeavored to defeat it before. Bat when it was
put in above my head, so that I co.uld not resist
it, I then sustained the bill containing it, as I the
other day sustained the bill in which the appro-
priations for the custont-houses were contained,
i do not feel at liberty, when it was put in one of
the leading appropriation bills of Congress at the
expiring hour of the session, to give up that, bill
simply because the conference committee saw fit
to put m it an appropriation to which I objected.
My duty is to get the appropriation bills passed. 1
believed it was wrong to mcludethis appropriation;
but when a majority of the members of the House
put it in over my opposition, was it then for me,
occupying the position which I do in the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, to use the power in
my hands to wreck and destroy the bill, and to
bring confusion to the administration of the Gov-
ernment? No, sir. If 1 had chosen to defeat one
of those bills, which have been loaded down with
appropriations other than those recommended by
the Committee of Ways and Means, I presume
that, having the managementof it, 1 would have had
twenty modes by which I could have accomplished
that end, almost in defiance of a majority of the
House. But I did not feel at liberty to use the
power which I possessed in such a way.
Andalthoughthis bill is loaded down withappro-
priations to which I may object, though I may
doubt the expediency or propriety, of granting
-them, I shall not feel at liberty to wreck the bill,
or endeavor to have it defeated, and thereby de-
prive the Government of the means of carrying on
the administration, simply because a majority of
the members of the House did not agree with me
in my view of the propriety or expediency of this
appropriation.
Mr. HAMILTON, by unanimous consent, then
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BARRY. Mr. Chairman, there have been
several propositions made with reference to this
amendment. I now move to amend by tncieasing
the appropriation five dollars.
This particular plan, which we are discussing,
has been adopted. There are other plans which
the advocates and friends of them desired to have
adopted instead of this. ft is a matter of fact that
there never has been apian adopted against which
the friends and supporters of rejected contesting
plans have not waged bitter war until the last mo-
ment of the completion of the work. It is a con-
sequence in the nature of man; it is the conse-
quence of disappointed pride, dmppomted avarice,
disappointed ambition. And th'e outside opposi-
tion to this particular plan—I do not, of course,
speak of the opposition in these Halls—the out-
side opposition, has originated with men who had
plans of their own, which were fairly made, fairly
considered, and as fairly rejected. And when we
consider the influence which ought to be attached
to opposition from that quarter, when we recollect
the source from whence it has come—though I do
not impeach the integrity or honesty of the oppo-
sition within these walls—we ought to make lib-
eral allowance for the fact thatthis judicious work
is opposed and contested by disappointed persons.
Now, sir, as I have stated before, there were
several plans proposed, which I shall not discuss;
but I want to allude to several objections which
are made to this particular plan. One was made
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton.]
He thinks he knows of a plan which, he says,
will not cost more than a million of-dollars. Now,
to judge his estimates upon the same principle
that he judges the estimates of others—for he says
this work will cost three times the amount of the
estimate, and you are to judge him in the same
manner—his work will cost at ieast three millions
of dollars. Now, the estimates which we present
here are those made by a competent engineer
upon good data, and there has been no criticism
made here going to refute them.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, (interrupting.)
I have made no estimates, but have relied in my
statements upon the estimates of an engineer as
competent as any that can be found.
Mr BARRY. We are bound to concludethat
the estimates we present are as correct as those
of the gentleman, and that he can claim no supe-
riority for his. We have commenced this work,
and because it was impossible for this House to
go into the details of the plan we referred it to the
action of the President of the United States. But
now gentlemen propose to bring back to the
House the very difficulty which they sought to
obviate by that reference. They propose to bring
up for discussion the details of this matter, when
they are of such variety, number, and extent as
would occupy the House for weeks together in
the consideration of them.
One objection made by the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr Stanton] to this work, was m
regaid to some of the brick used in its construc-
tion. I call the attention of the committee to the
facts of the case, because i know the statement
startled somegentlemen here. The statement was,
that after the bricks were engaged for the Capitol
extension at §5 88, and were condemned as un-
worthy for the use intended, they were afterwards
purchased at a higher price than they were to be !
furnished for the Capitol, and used in the aque-
duct.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair feels compelled
to remind the gentleman that he must confine his
remarks to his amendment.
Mr. BARRY. The statement which I have
made was used, as an objection to the work, and
I am undertaking to correct that statement. The
gentleman relies, he said, upon the statement of
Mr. Wendell, the contractor, to furnish those brick
for the Capitol; that he sold them to Mr. Meigs for
a higher price than he was to furnish them for to
the Capitol.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi is traveling beyond the legitimate giound
which he may occupy. The gentleman wiil per-
ceive that his remarks will lead to a reply,and the
original amendment will be lost sight of in the
collateral issue.
Mr. BARRY. I am showing that the reasons
urged against the work are not good. The great ob-
jection is upon the ground of its extravagance; and
1 am going to show that the charge of extravagance
is incorrect. I have here a copy ot the receipt,
signed by Mr. Wendell himself, m which he states
that he sold six thousand buck for $5 25 per thou-
sand. 1 wish to state another fact, and that is,
that these brick were puichased to build the
chimneys and fire-places of the shanties of the
workmen, and not to be used in the aqueduct at
all. The gentleman from Kentucky was lead into
an error in reference to this matter; but I hold in
my hand the receipt Mr. Wendell copied from the
records of the office, showing that the brick were
sold for $5 25 per thousand, instead of at a higher
price.
Mr. PARKER. 1 am opposed to this amend-
ment, decidedly. I am opposed to the appropria-
tion; and the reasons which induce me to go against
the increase are just as good against the appro-
priation altogether.
Mr. Chairman, I am no enemy of the city of
Washington; but am ready and willing to do a
liberal part towards providing for it an ample
supply of good water. But I happened to be
here during the last Congress, and I recollect the
intioduction into the appropriation bill, at that
time, of the brief item looking to the construc-
tion of water-works here. And 1 think I can
safely say, that there was not one in ten of the
members of that Congress who ever dreamed that
they would come here at this session, and, under
our action then,find a contract now made, involv-
ing an expenditure of millions of money that are
not counted. Sir, I have seen enough here to be-
come satisfied thatthis kind of sharp legislation,
and still sharper action under it, is becoming one
of the very greatest evils of the day. We are
prodigal enough at best, God knows, when noth-
ing more is done than we mean should be done, j
But how often is it, that when we intend to give 1
| only a dollar, ten is taken ? i
| I am sure it never occurred to me, when those '
j half dozen lines were inserted in that billf that we |
i were then finally determining upon the construc- i
tion of water-works for this city on a scale of j
magnificence that the world has hardly, if ever, !
witnessed, and at a cost from the National Treas-
ury alone of untold millions of money; and I con- j
: fess that there is no one subject of legislation '
I during the last Congress which has caused me ,
] more chagrin than that of finding we are involved j
I in this difficulty. I thought at the time of the .
I adoption of that act we were going a great way in I
appropriating $100,000 for the purpose of procur-
ing these " plana"-—predicated, of course, on care-
ful surveys and estimates. That is all 1 supposed
we were then doing—that the determination to con-
struct upon the plan that might be deemed the
most feasible and expedient, and the contract to
construct would all be matter for after considera-
tion. Judge, then, of my surprise—and not of
mine alone—when we came back here this Con-
gress to find that the President had finally determ-
ined upon one of his adopted plans, and that
contracts had been entered into for the absolute
construction of these works at such an enormous
cost. Yes, fjr, I am quite sure very few, if any,
of us here then contemplated such a result.
It is all wrong any way it can be viewed; and,
in my poor judgment, no such power can be fairly
derived from the act. I do not think it can be
extorted from it. And 1 now ask the attention of
the committee for a moment to the simple provis-
ions of this brief clause of the act.
This is certainly no express power given the
President to proceed when he shall have pro-
cured his "plans " from the dilferent "places,"
and enter into contracts for the final completion of
these works, at any cost that he might deem it
expedient to incur. Plans and places, "for the
purpose of "—that is to s&y, with a view to bring-
ing water into the city of Washington—is all that
he is authorized to turn his attention to.
But I suppose 1 will be told the fair implication
is that we have given the President the power to
go on, if he can find a plan that he will approve,
and let out the work at any cost he may see
proper to incur, and call on us, again and again*
from time to time, ad libitum, to foot the bills.
But let us see the precise language of the act. It
is this: ^
" To be expended under the direction of the President of
the United Slates, for the purpose of bringing water into the
city of Washington, upon such plans and from such places
as he may apptove, $10(1,000: Provided, That il the plan
adopted by the President of ihe UmU'd States should re-
quire water to be drawn from any source within the limits
ot Maryland, the assent ot the Legiblatme of that State
shall lirst be obtained."
* .
Now, sir, that is all there is of it—all upon
which is predicated, not only the "plans" ob-
tained fiom the dilferent tiplaccsi9f and the adop-
tion of one of them by the Piesident, but the let-
ting of contracts for a large quantity of material
and labor for the construction of the work, and
the actual execution of a considerable amount of
the labor. Pray, sir, where do you find the au-
thority for all of that? The alacrity with which
all this is done, during the interval between two
Congresses, is remarkable, when contrasted with
the protraction of all our public works, when once
fairly begun !
If this be all right, will gentlemen tell me upon
what "plans —-that is the language—is it pro-
posed to bring the water here? It is upon but
one plan. " Such plans " is what we talk of in
the act. Again, the actsays from " such places."
From what places is it proposed to bring the
water? Is it from Rock Creek and thePotomac?
Or is it from the Potomac and any other place, or
from Rock Creek and any other place that may
be found available? Not at all. But it is from
one place—the Potomac alone—and on one plan
alone. While the President's agency in bringing
the water to the city is to be upon such " plans
and from such places as he may approve."
Sir, the whole language shows that the act never
contemplated giving the President the power to
contract for bringing the water into Washington,
after he had adopted the plans and places upon
which it might be done. That was to be after-
wards done by us, if deemed expedient at all, on
view of the facts. In my judgment, that is the
only proper and sensible construction that can be
given to the law of the last Congress.
Who could have supposed that, in giving the
President power to expend this specific sum of
$100,000 on "plans," we were giving him the
power to fix and involve the nation, certainly, in
the expenditure of another indefinite sum, ranging
surely from two to three millions of dollars—and,
as some tell us, even three or four times that
sum; and that, too, with all the care and charge
of supplying: this city with water forever!
The construction I contend for must be the
true one. And that would have saved us from
the difficulty in which we are now involved.
But am I told that I am attacking the President;
