1512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
zation, are inadequate for the purposes for which
they were designed. Great Britain and France,
with their squadrons always cruising on the coast
of Africa, acting in cooperation with an American
squadron of eighty guns on that coast, have, it is
believed, failed not only to suppress, but even to
diminish this infamous trade. It is true, the im-
portation of negroes into Brazil has nearly ceased
since the year 1853, owing, 1 believe, to the ener-
getic operation of the Brazilian Government in
enforcing its treaty with Great Britain; but the
importation into the Spanish West Indies has
greatly increased, to the disgrace of those who
have administered the government of those islands;
and this Government is called upon by a consid-
eration of the possible danger to a portion of our
own country, whose prosperity and safety may
be thus imperiled,as well as by all the dictates of
- humanity, to arrest that growing evil so far as we
have means to accomplish the object.
I am well satisfied that this traffic is most suc-
cessfully, though not exclusively, carried on in
American-built vessels, and under the protection
of the American flag. On a former occasion I
endeavored to expose the means by which this
shameful prostitution of the proud emblem of our
national honor has been effected. Under the guard
of the stars and stripes, the pirate has been enabled
to renew all the horrors of the middle passage, and
any man who will peruse the volume on " Africa
and the American Flag, by Lieutenant Foote, of the
United States Navy, who commanded the United
States brig Perry, on the coast of Africa, daring
the yettrs 1850 and 1851, will comprehend the
means by which the woist of men have committed
the worst of crimes, and escaped, unwhipped of
justice, by the abuse of our flag.
I have this morning received a letter on this
subject from this able and efficient officer of our
Navy, dated the 24th instant, which 1 will submit
to the perusal of any Senator desiring it, and which
is well worthy of a careful consideration. He
says:
" r tiiivo In-fore me n copy of 1 fmtnicitons for the senior
ofhcefS o( Her Ma jetty's ships and vessels on tho west coast
of Afiu a with respect to the treaty with the United States
ot Ameuea, signed at Wellington on tin: 9th oi August,
bv the roinim^ioiH'iHlor c-ve< uhng the ^>t^u <• oi Lord
High Admiral otdreat Rutam and lieland,'&c., winch say
'The commanding officers of Her Majesty's- vp-wM on tin;
coast ot Africa muiiou will bear m lumd, that it in no pan
ot then duty to capture, or visit, or m any way to intcr/eic
with vessels o/ the United State*, whether these vessels shall
hai't: flares on board o? vol.* "
This confirms the statement I made to the Sen-
ate when I ougumted this inquiry, that slavers
sailing under the American flag are in all cases
protected hy it, unless they chance to be over-
hauled by one of our own cruisers. Other nations
have resolved, and I think wisely, that we bhall
have the sole responsibility of the traffic, if we are
lesolved that 110 others Nhnll search our vessels.
1 he fact redoubles the duty we owe both to'Gnd
and man to spare no effort to prevent the trade,
and the necessary dishonor of our national char-
acter which flows from it when conducted in Amer-
ican vessels.
The writer of the letter to which I refer, after-
wards adds:
''The piachcp h, for American vessels to show their
register 01 sea-letter to the foreign oiheer, as proof of
nationality ; they then become inviolate, and eannot be
searched 01 detained."
This, it will be remembered by the Senate, is
precisely in accoidance with the view I presented
to the Senate on a former occasion when the com-
mittee was insti ucted to direct their attention to the
issuing of those papers commonly called sea-letters,
and the restrictions which should be made when
granting them, so as to prevent the abuse of the
flag caused by them while the sale of Amencan-
buiit vessels in foreign ports should not be pre-
vented. It is this sea-letter which enables every
pirate engaged m this trade in an American bot-
tom to escape all the cruisers of Great Britain and
trance. As soon as the slaver produces this sea-
letter, the nationality of the vessel is established
as American, and then if there be a thousand
slaves in her hold, she passes unobstructed by the
cruisers of all other nations on her piratical voy-
age. 1 J
Now, sir, it is just here, precisely at this point,
that the committee propose to make a blow at the
slave trade. To a clear understanding of the old
jaw, the lmschicf and the remedy, la us ascertain
first what this sea-letter is
By the fourteenth section of the act of Decem-
ber 31,1792, "concerning the registering and
recording of ships or vessels," it is enacted that
when a registered ship or vessel "shall m whole
or m part be sold or transferred to a citizen or citi-
zens of the United States," &c., &c., " m every
such case the said ship or vessel shall be regis-
tered anew, byherformername,"&c.,&c.,$< and
her former certificate of registry shall be delivered
up to the collector to whom application for such
new registry shall be made, at the time that the
same shall be made, to be by him transmitted to
the Register of the Treasury, who shall cause the
same to be canceled." Then, to procure a new
registry, it is necessary, under the sasrte section,
that the paper, which is now known as the sea-
letter, shall be executed at the time of the sale. The
provision is, "And in every such case of sale or
transfer, there shall be some instrument in writing,
in the nature of a bill of sale, which shall recite, at
length, Iht said certificate, [of registry,] otherwise the
said ship or vessel shall be incapable of being so regis-
tered anew." Every registry (without which no
vessel can be entitled to any of the privileges or
benefits of a vessel of the United States) contains
a certificate under oath of the facts which estab-
lish the nationality of tfie vessel, such as the name,
occupation, and place of abode of the owner, the
port to which she belongs, the name and citizen-
ship of the master, and among other things that
she is of American build. This sea-letter, or bill
of sale, therefore, as it recites the certificate of
registry at length, must always show the nation-
ality of the vessel.
Hence, it appears that these instruments of writ-
i ing substantially differ only from the sea-letters or
' passports required by the acts of Congress of
June 1, and March 2, 1803, m this partic-
I ular, that the latter are required to be issued by
the collectors to whom they are transmuted by
the Treasury Department, after being signed by
the President and countersigned by the Secretary
of State, while the former is executed by the party
transferring the vessel abroad, and by usage, in
ptesence of an American consul. Both agree in
certifying the nationality of the vessel. I can find
nothing in the acta of Congress which requires the
consul to authenticate such an instrument, or to
issue it. [lis duties areprescuhed by instructions
from the State Department. But by another act of
Congress of the 2d March, 1803, (not the act of the
same date just referred to,) it is provided in the
third section:
" That when any ship or vessel, which has been or shall
he registered pursuant to any law of the United States,
I shall, whilst Mich ship oi vessel m without the United
i States, he sold or tiansferred, in whole or in part, to a eit-
j i/.en or citizen-: of (tie --aid States, such •-hip or vessel, on
j Iif r fiisr arrival in the Uniied Stales thereafter,shall be'en-
litled to al! the privileges and benefits ol a ship or vessel pf
; the United Stales."
1 The time allowed for obtaining the new registry
I is <% within three days from the time at which her
master, &c., is required to make his final report
upon her first arrival, agreeably to the act of 2d
March, 1799." This act does not repeal the pro-
| vision in the former act of 1792, requiring the
instrument in nature of a bill of sale on the trans-
fer of an American vessel in a foreign poit, and it
carefully abstains from fixing any period for the
return of a vessel so transferred abroad, to the Uni-
ted States for a new registry.
i The consequence has been that vessels sold for
slavers abroad have always been provided with
these instruments in writing called sea-letters,
though they are, in reality, nothing more than
bills of sale reciting; theold registry, which proved
them to be American vessels. With this they'
have sailed for the coast of Africa, and by it they
have been protected against all foreign cruisers.
This abuse of our flag, by these means, has
been much complained of by our consuls abroad
in their correspondence with the Department of
State. In November, 1846, Mr. Parks, then con-
sul at Rio de Janeiro, requested the President's
instructions on the construction of the acts of Con-
gress, and particularly whether a vessel so sold in
a foreign port ought not, by law, to return home
for a new registry before she could make a voy-
age to the coast of Africa with this instrument,
sometimes called, as 1 have before stated, a sea-
letter. The Secretary of State having consulted
the Secretary of the Treasury, as well as the Pres-
ident, replied to him in a dispatch dated May 2G,
1847, of which 1 hold a copy in my hand, that
they were t{ clearly of opinion that a vessel, un-
der such circumstances, is not obliged to return
to the United Srates for a new register."
Speaking of the act of 1792, the Secretary then
said:
"This act was passed in the infancy of the Federal
Government, and does not seem to have contemplated the
sale of American vessels beyond the limits ot the United
States. When «uch scales were made in a foreign countiy,
it would therefore have been a reasonable construction of
its provisions to require the vessel to return to the United
States for a newreuistiy with the least practicable delay.
Between the years 1792 and lf<()3, however, there had been
a great expansion of our foreign trade, [ri consequence of
the war* between the Powers of Europe ansing out of the
Frcnch Revolution, we had become, m a considerable de-
gree. the earners for the whole woiid. Congress, under
these circumstances, deemed it necessary to piovide ex-
pressly for the sale oi Ameiican vessels to American citi-
zens m all foreign countties."
This, the Secretary said, they had done by the
thiid section of the act of 1803, which I have read,
and he then added:
11 Congress had the whole subject before thematthe time
of the passage of this act. Had they intended that the vessel
should return home immediately for a register, they would
undoubtedly have expressed this intention. So far from
this being the case, itfeir language is indefinite m point of
time, It does not reijune the vessel to return immediately
after the sale; but at whatever time she may return, it
recognizes her right to all the privileges and benefits of an
American vessel."
He then proceeded to say that a different con-
struction ot this act*would prove extremely inju-
rious to American citizens, in prosecuting our
carrying trade between foreign nations, an object
always much cherished by the policy of the Uni-
ted States, and would be detrimental to our ship-
building interest. An American citizen couid not
then purchase an American vessel in China, or at
the Sandwich Islands, to prosecute a lawful voy-
age from thence to any foreign country; and an
American ship-builder could lTot send his vessels
abroad with any hope of selling them to Ameri-
can citizens beyond the limits of the United
States. Besides, such a construction of the act
would be contrary to the settled practice at the
Treasury Department. And he finally concluded
that " the bill of sale, properly authenticated, and
reciting at length the certificate of registry, he-
\ comcs the substitute on board the vessel for that certif-
icate, until her first arrival in the United States
thereafter."
In the decision thus made by the President, with
the advice and concurrence of the Secretary of
State and the Secretary of the Treasury in 1847,
succeeding Administrations of this Government
have fully acquiesced, and it may now be consid-
ered as the settled law of the United States. View-
ing it as such, and desiring to prevent the evils of
the slave trade, President Taylor in his annual
message of the 4th December, 1850, thus pressed
the subject on the consideration of Congress:
"Your attention is earnestly invited to an amendment
of our existing laws relating to the African slave trade,
with a view to the effectual oppression of that barbarous
traflie. It is not to be denied that tin5? trade is sni), in part,
carried on by means of vessels built in the United States,
and owned or navigated by some of our cihzeiH. The cor-
respondence between the Depaitment of State and the
minister and consul of the United States at Rio de Janeiro,
which has fioni time to time been laid before Congress, rep-
resents that it is a customaiy device to evade the penalties
of our laws by means of sea-letters.
"Vessels sold in Brazil, when provided with such papers
by the consul, instead of returning to the United States for
a new register, proceed at once to the coast of Afuca, for
the purpose of obtaining cargoes of slaves. Much additional
information of the same character has recently been trans-
mitted to the Depaitment ofState. It has not been consid-
eied ihe policy ot our laws to subject an American citizen
who, in a foreign countiy, purchases a vessel built in the
Uniti'd States, to the inconvenience of sending her home
for a new register befoi e pioeeedmg on a voyage. Anv al-
teianon of the laws which might have a tendency to impede
the free transfer ot pioperiy m vessels between our citizens,
or ihe 1ree navigation of those vessels between different
parts of the world, when employed in lawful commerce,
should he well and cautiously considered ; but I trust that
your wwloni will devise a method by which our general
policy, in this respect, may be preserved, and. at the same
lime, the abuse of our flag by means of sea-lette.rs, m the
mannei indicated, may be prevented.''
Had the suggestion thus made been followed by
an act of Congress, in the spirit of the message,
the exportation of more than one hundred thou-
sand slaves would probably have been prevented.
But Congress, engrossed by the political struggles
of J85U, made no attempt to adopt the recom-
mendation. It is the object of the bill I hold in
my hand to adopt it now. It will no*t obstruct
thetmnsfer of Amenean -vessels in a foreign poit
fur the puiposes of lawful commeice, but will pre-
