1514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
have even upon the continuance of this Union,
1 have this to say, for I will speak here as freely
as I would speak under the arches of -Faneuil
Hall,—I say that the time has gone by when
anything like a threat of the dissolution of this
Union consequent upon the action of the people
of the free States will have any influence upon
them—not hecause of a want of devotion to the
Union on their part—not because they have not
signified in the past, and will not signify in the fu-
ture, the depth of that devotion by their lives, but
because that threat is not to be used for the pur-
pose of influencing the free exercise of their judg-
ments.
Threats of disunion are no longer to be regarded
as arguments for or against any measure of this
Government. We look upon the dissolution of
this Union as an impossible thing. We are willing,
as we always have been, wherever it is extended,
to go with it. We are willing to do that; and I
ask here to-day, why is it that the measures are
not in progress to unite the Pacific with the
Atlantic? Why is it that this old commercial
Atlantic ocean is not to-day m progress of being
connected with the Pacific? Why do you not in-
vigorate the great ideas that you sometimes utter,
of " an ocean-bound Republic," of the whole of
Nor-th America? Why do you not invigorate
them with the great achievements of science?
Why is it that we may not know here to-day
what has taken place in California this morning?
Are not the power and resources of the Govern-
ment sufficient ? Wherearethosemeasures ? Why
are they not followed up? Why are they not
brought before the Senate, and passed by Con-
gress? Let us be bound together in links of iron,
and no question or debates upon any subject, can
ever sever them. This has always been the sen-
timent of Massachusetts; and when 1 had the
honor of a seat in the other House of Congress
it was always the principle that animated my
heart. The Atlantic and the Pacific! Let them
* be together. This day the Pacific, for all practi-
cal purposes of transportation, is not as large as
the Atlantic was twenty years ago. Its borders
are nearer together than the holders of the At-
lantic were twenty years ago. Yours is the path
that Omnipotence has pointed out for the transit
of the commercial products of the earth. Why
is it not carried out? Was there ever a richer
Government? Do you say that there are difficul-
ties as to the routes, and as to the modes of con-
struction? .Commence the work, and all the diffi-
culties, to the routes and modes of construction,
will vanish away. Give us the West, give us the
South, give us free opinions, and we shall be with
you forever, and neither you, nor I, nor all men
together can prevent it.
Mr. President, I desire to speak in words of
truth, of sincerity, and in the calmer and plainest
possible manner. There is an excitement in the
free States of this Union such as has never before
been scot; it is more powerful by fur than any-
thing that has preceded it. It is increasing every
day. It must m> respected, it, mnut be heard, it
must be consideied,and I trust it will be. J trust
that this petition will receive the calm consider-
ation and attention of the committee to whom I
iiave proposed to entrust U. Let it be argued, let
it have a fair and full consideration. Whatever
of argument connected with it is brought forward
by the eminent standing committee to whom it is
xefeired, let it come before u.s. Let the public
opinion be heard and respected.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
Tennessee stated, at the commencement of his
speech, that he did not arraign the motives of any
Senator. He has treated me, personally, with the
courtesy which belongs to his character. It is not
my province to reply to that poition of his speech
which relates to {headdress. 1 am quite too young
in the Senate, to presume to do that, under any
circumstances, in the presence of older Senators;
but it happens that I have had no connection with
the preparation of that addiess, and therefore I
am not qualified to speak upon it. If I were the
proper person, however, I would willingly under-
take its defense.
i am of the same opinion expressed by the hon-
orable and experienced Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Dawson-,] a few days since, that the true
course of debate here is for each Senator to ex-
press his opinions and arguments, at this late
period of the session, in as brief and direct a man-
! neras possible. I will, therefore, no longer detain
i the Senate.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I shall detain the
| Senate but a few minutes m reply to the honor-
; able Senator fiom Massachusetts. There are only
i one or two points in his address upon which I feel
1 called on to speak. He seems to think that I
] arraigned the signers of that memorial with more
j harshness than they deserve; and he announces to
I the Senate and the world that they constitute the
i bone and sinew of Boston and Massachusetts.
I Well, sir, i am not personally acquainted with all
I the persons; but 1 respectfully submit to that
, honorable Senator to tell the Senate and the world,
' while he is finding fault with me for alleging that
' the memorial comes here surcharged with treason
' and with blood, how many of those who aided
i in resisting the laws of the country in Boston are
: signers of the memorial? Will the honorable
1 Senator pretend to say to the country that many,
j very many of the signers, were not of that class
, of men who dared, with treason m their hearts,
; and with knives in their hands, to resist the con-
stituted authoiities of the country?
I Mr? ROCKWELL. I will state that I did not
i positively alfirin that not a single person who
signed the address was engaged in the transac-
tion to which he refers. That is not what 3 un-
dertook to say. All that 1 said was, that 1 had
, no reason to believe that they were,
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senator says
J that he does not know. Well, Mr. President, I
i should like to know whether such men as Wendell
J Phillips and Theodore Parker, and others of that
, class, who had not the courage personally to stand
j in the fight, but urge on a band of infatuated and
ignorant men to do that which they have not the
I courage to d >,nre not responsible before God and
the country for this ?
' But, sir, fins is not all. The Senator says that
they have a right to petition. 1 am sure that that
| honorable Senator did not point that remark at me.
: He will do me the justice to say, that 1 conceded
, the very largest possible latitude to petition; that
; 1 extended it to his Satanic Majesty himself. I am
| willing that they shall petition here upon all sub-
| jeets; but when their petition does come, 1 am not
1 required to swallow it without inquiring into its
! merits or its purposes. The honorable Senator
| says that we need not deceive ourselves; that
I there is a feeling in the North that is going on con-
■ quenng and to conquer; and that the excitement
i and the agitation will go on until these great things
j be accomplished. Will that honorable Senator,
j for whom 1 have respect, although I have not the
; honor of a personal acquaintance with him, upon
I his responsibility as a man and a Senator, tell us
whether he believes this Union could last a single
day under the repeal of the fugitive slave law?
W ill the honorable Senator answer that?
Mr. ROCKWELL. 1' have to answer that I
, do not apprehend that any act of that kind would
■ dissolve this Union.
| Mr. JONES, ol Tennessee. J am very sorry that
1 cannot concur with the honorable Senator in that,
i 1 can tell him that we differ tolo ado. If he sup-
; poses—arid f infer from his remarks that he does—
! that the South will stand tamely, submitting like
1 cravens to an invasion upon its rights, he mis-
i takes its character. If he supposes thattheSouth
will stand and see their property, which the guar-
: amies and protection of the Constitution secure
i to them, earned away, he knows, very little of the
southern character. When that Senator says that
he has seen and heard enough of these threats and
taunts about the dissolution of the Union, so that
they have no force left; that they do not alarm
! him; that it does not disturb the equanimity of
; his heart to be threatened with a dissolution of
, the Union, \ must say that I used no threat. I
utterly disavowed anything like a threat. Iam
I not of that class of men who make threats. And
r as for the thieats to which he alludes, he cannot
find them in anything that I said. But 1 can tell
him that he need not lay the flattering unction to
his soul, or communicate the intelligence to his
constituents, that we of the South are ready to
bear everything that the North may suggest. He
need not tell his constituents that we will tamely
submit to any invasion upon every right that we
enjoy. He need not mislead his constituents by
an argument addressed to them to go forward and
do all that they may to destroy the last vestige of
equality between the North and the Southland
tell them, " Gentlemen, do not be alarmed. You
need not be alarmed about the dissolution of this
Union; they are afraid to do it." We are, sir,
afraid to dissolve this Union without cause; but
when it comes as an alternative between the
Union on the one hand, and dishonor, disgrace,
and infamy, and being trodden upon by men who
are but our equals, on the other, 1 say that if I
had a torch 1 would apply it myself, and be con-
sumed in the conflagration, before I would submit
to it; and I speak the sentiments of the South.
If we are to hold our place m this Union at the
expense of honor, and virtue, and equality, the
Union is not worth having, and you can take all
the glory you can find m it. We do not seek to
place you in such a position. We have never
sought to do it; and when you seek to place us
in such an attitude, you misinterpret the character
of the South if you suppose it will submit to it.
Why, sir, we hold our servants under the Consti-
tution—whether this is right or wrong, you have
no right to inquire. If they go to Massachusetts,
we have a right to reclaim them; and when we go
there to reclaim them, instead of finding every
man m Boston, as he ought to be, standing by the
law, you find heartless, odious hypocrites in the •
pulpit, preaching sedition and treason; and yet
you tell us we may talk as we please about the
ministry, they are a mighty power—as much as to
say, take care lest you fall beneath their execra-
tion. i am not going to make war upon the min-
istry. I leave that to the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas.] I think his argument is about
equal to the three thousand and fifty ministers;
and when they have destroyed him, they will
probably find some other victim to satisfy them,
i do not expect to say anything about them or
the piety of their hearts. They are rfot to be
alarmed about that. I have great respect for the
ministry. I do not seek to get into a quarrel with
them. I would rather take the men they send
here; and I suppose the Senator from Massachu-
setts is their representative. I am willing to dis-
cuss with him; but I do not mean to get off on a
false track. With women and preachers I never
quarrel; you cannot get me olf on such a track.
But, sir, the Senator says very frankly—and I
take it he is a very honest man, but I think he
has partaken of that fanaticism that will lead him
astray—that i am right; that repeal is the watch-
word. They intend to agitate until the fugitive
slave law is repealed, and until the Missouri re-
striction is restored to the statute-book. Then,
my honorable friend, let me say to you that you
have a lifetime before you, and you may sit out
here for your term, and the term of your success-
or, and the term after that, but I do not think
you will live to see the day when the one or the
other can be done. But if you do live to that in-
auspicious day, let me tell you that you will have
nothing to do. The woik will already have been
accomplished; and then, sirs, the proclamation
that has been issued by some of your allies, that
the incendiary had better come and apply the
torch to the Capitol of the country, will be useless.
That thing has been done once before, Mr. Presi-
dent.'* TheCapito! was once the scene of a confla-
gration—and by whom? by whose hands? By the
enemies of the country. And we are told now by
one of the leaders of this war upon the institutions
of the country, that it is better to see the Capitol
of his country m flames, than to see the South
brought to stand upon an equality with the North.
Oh! sirs, if there be a curse preserved in all the
armory of Heaven that is deeper than all others,
let it descend upon the infamous wretch who could
hsvesuch a feeling; and if I had the power of
Omnipotence, I would draw some thunderboltfrom
its armory, and hurl such a wretch into annihila-
tion. Rather see this Capitol itself in flames, these
marbled columns tumbling to ruin,ant! the repre-
sentatives of the States and of the people crushed
in their fall, than to see an equality of rights be-
tween the members of this Confederacy ! Ah!
Rn-, in the better days of this Republic, in the days
of Washington and thepatriots of the Revolution,
the man who should have uttered such a sentiment
would have been hung as high as Haman; and he
deserves it to-day.
You talk about the rights of the South, and
about trampling upon them, and you say she will
submit. It may be that we shall; but may the
God of Heaven forever blast me and all mine, if
they ever submit to infamy, degradationy and dis-
