1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1515
honor. Lay not that flattering unction to your li the new movement against slavery, and by their !, house, to which the Senator [/VTr. Jones] has re-
souls; she will not do it. You say "give us iron explicit memorial, call for the abatement of a ferred—is the street where, m 1770, the first blood
bunds to bind us together. Give us the West; grievance which they have recently bitterly felt in ; was spilt in conflict between British troops and
give us the South; give us trade; give us com- ,! Boston. '' a .«<«..
' Mr. President, this memorial is interesting to
th'
merce." You have got nearly ali, and, not satis-
fied with that, you want our negroes; you want
our property; you want to dishonor us; you want
to disgrace us; you want a servile war, that our
wivey and daughters may be degraded and dis-
honored. Do not make a fuss about this thing.
Talk more reasonably. Talk a little more patn-
- me, first, as it asks a repeal of the fugitive
[\ siave bill, and secondly, as it comes from iVlassa-
ii chusetts. That repeal i shall be glad at any time,
11 now and hereafter, as in times past, to sustain by
!j vote and argument; and I trust never to fail in any
: just regard for the sentiments or interests of Mas-
otically. Talk about the authority and the fights isachusetts. With these few remarks, I would
of the country. Give us what the Constitution | gladly close. But there has been an arraignment
gives us. We ask no more. We will give you j; here to-day, both of myself and of the Common-
all that it secures you. We seek not to encroach i! wealth which i represent. To all that hae been
upon you, and will never, no, never, submit to :! said against myself or the Commonwealth—so far
encroachments from you. - ji as it is an impeachment of either—so far as it sub-
Mr. BRODHI5AD. This, Mr. President, is a jects either to any just censure, I plead openly, for
controversy between old friends. I believe that ji myselt and for Massachusetts, *'not guilty." But
for the last twenty years Tennessee and Massa-
chusetts have stood shoulder to shoulder in presi-
dential elections; and if this controversy is to
result in a change of the policy, I hope it will go
on. I believe that Tennessee, since 1836, has been
with Massachusetts in politics, in the presidential
elections at least, against the national men of the
country. When General Cass declared himself
against the Wilmot proviso, did not Tennessee
prefer General Taylor who declined to declare him-
self against it ? And why did he decline to do so?
Because the Whigs wanted Massachusetts. Mas-
sachusetts and Tennessee were together during the
last presidential election, and I rather fear they
will be together hereafter. Iftherefore, hope that
this unpleasant controversy will cease, and that,
the morning hour having gone by, we shall pro-
ceed with the regular business of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I begin hy
answering the interrogatory propounded by the
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.] He asks,
"Can any one suppose that, if the fugitive slave I
act be repealed, this Union can exist?'* To which j
I reply at once, that if the Union be in any way j
dependent on an act—I cannot call it a law—so
revolting in every regard as that to which he refers,
then it ought not to exist. To much else that has
fallen from that Senator I do not desire to reply.
He has discussed at length matters already handled
•again and again in the protracted debates of this
session. Like the excited hero of Macedonia, he
has renewed past conflicts,
{{ And thrice he routed all his foes,
And thrice he slew the dam."
Of what the Senator has said on the relations of
Senators, North and South, of a particular party,
it is not my province to speak. And yet 1 cannot
turn from it without expressing, at least, a single
aspiration, that men from the North, whether
^Yhigs or Democrats, will neither be cajoled or
driven by any temptation, or lash, from the sup-
port of those principles of freedom which are in-
separable from the true honor and welfare of the
country. At last, 1 trust, there will be a back-
bone in the North.
My colleague has already remarked, that this
memorial proceeds from persons of whom many
were open supporters of the alleged compromises
of 1850, including; even the odious fugitive slave
bill. I have looked over the long list, and, so far
as I can judge, find this to be true. And, m my
opinion, the change shown by these men is typ-
ical of the change in the community of which they
constitute a prominent part. Once the positive up-
holders of the fugitive slave bill, they now demand
its unconditional repeal.
r circumstance worthy of especial
pardon me, if I do not submit to be tried by the
Senate, fresh from the injustice of the Nebraska
bill. In the language of the common law, I
throw myself upon " God and the countiy,"and
claim the same trial for my honored Common-
wealth.
So far as the arraignment touches me person-
ally, I hardly care to speak. It is true that I
American citizens, and among the victims was one
of that African race which you so much despise.
Almost within sigftt is Bunker Hill; further off,
Lexington and Concord. Amidst these scenes a
slave-hunter from Virginia appears, and the dis-
1 gusting rites begin by which a fellow-man is to be
doomed to bondage. Sir, can you wonder that the
; people were moved?
; Who can be wise, amazed, temperate, and furious,
1 Loyal and neutral, irt a moment? No man.
It is true that the slave act was with difficulty'
i executed, and that one of its servants perished in
i the effort. On these grounds the Senator from
! Tennessee charges Boston with fanaticism. I ex-
i press no opinion of the conduct of individuals; but
; 1 do say, that the fanaticism whichtheSenatorcon-
! demns is not new in Boston. It is the same which
opposed the execution of the Stamp Act, and
j finally secured its repeal. It is the same which
j opposed the Tea Tax. It is the fanaticism which
I finally triumphed on Bunker Hill. The Senator
says that Boston is filled with traitors. That
charge is notnew. Boston, of old, was the home
' of Hancock and Adams. Her traitors now are
have not hesitated, here and elsewhere, to express !, those who are truly animated by the spirit of the
' American Revolution. In condemning them, in
condemning Massachusetts, m condemning these
remonstrants, you simply give a proper conclu-
sion to the utterance on this floor that the Decla-
ration of Independence is " a self-evident lie."
Here i might leave theimputations on Massachu-
setts. But the case is stronger yet. I lmve referred
to the Stamp Act. The parallel is of such aptness
ana importance, that, though on a former occa-
sion 1 presented it to the Senate, I cannot forbear
from pressing it again. As the precise character of
this act may not be familiar, allow me to remind
the Senate, that it was an attempt to draw money
from the Colonies through a stamp tax, while the
determination of certain questions of forfeiture
under the statute was delegated, not to the courts
of common law, but to courts pf admiralty with-
out trial by jury. This act was denounced in the
Colonies at once on its passage, as contrary to the
British Constitution on two principal grounds,
identical in character with the two chief grounds
on which the slave act is now declared to be un-
constitutional; first, as an assumption by Parlia-
ment of powers not belonging to' it, and an in-
fraction of lights secured to the Colonies; and,
secondly, as a denial of trial by jury in certain
cases of property. On these grounds the Stamp
Act was held to be an outrage. .
The Colonies were aroused against it. Vir-
ginia first declared herself by solemn resolutions,
which the timid thought " treasonable:" yes, sir,
" treasonable;" even as that word is now applied
to recent manifestations of opinion in Boston. But
these " treasonable" resolutions soon found a
response. New York followed. Massachusetts
came next. In an address from the Legislature to
the Governor, the true ground of opposition to the
Stamp Act, coincident with the two radical objec-
tions to the Slave Act, are clearly set forth, with
my open, sincere, and unequivocal condemnation
of the fugitive slave bill, I have denounced it as
at once a violation of the law of Grod, and of the
Constitution of the United States. In violation
of the Constitution, it commits the great question
of human freedom—than which none is moie
sacred m the law—not to a solemn trial, but to
nummary proceedings.
It commits this question—not to one of the high
tribunals of the land—but to the unaided judgment
of a single petty magistrate.
It commits this question to a magistrate, ap-
pointed, not by the President with the consent of
the Senate, but by the court; holding his office,
not during good behavior, but merely during
the will of the court; and receiving, not a regular
salary, but fees according to each individual case.
It authorizes judgment on ex parte evidence, by
affidavits, without the sanction of cross-examina-
tion.
It denies the writ of habeas corpus, ever known
as the palladium of the citizen.
Contrary to the declared purposes of the framers
of the Constitution, it sends the fugitive back " at
the public expense."
Adding meanness to the violation of the Consti-
tution, it bribes the commissioner by a double fee
to pronounce against freedom. If he dooms a
man to slavery, the reward is ten dollars; but,
saving him to freedom, his dole is five dollars.
But this is not all. On two other capital grounds
do I oppose this act as unconstitutional; first, as
it is an assumption by Congress of powers not
delesated by the Constitution, and m derogation
of the rights of the States; and secondly, as it takes
away that essential birth-right of the citizen, trial
by jury, in a question of personal liberty and a
suit at common law. Thus obnoxious, 1 have
regarded it as an enactment totally devoid of all
constitutional obligation, as it is clearly devoid of I, the following pregnant conclusion:
all moral, while it is disgraceful to the country j
and the age. And, sir,I have hoped and labored [
,j for the creation of such a public opinion, firm, I
| enlightened, and generous, as should render the j
; act practically inoperative, and should press, with-
|| out ceasing, upon Congress for its repeal. Forall!     
!i that I have said on this head, I have 110 regrets or ji ^ Torleg Qf t},at precisely as the uncon-
'! apologies; but rather joy and satisfaction. ulad lj st,tul;011a5 Slave Act has been welcomed by im-
I am in having said it; glad 1 am now in the op- , perlous ntim|)er9 among us. Hutchinson, at that
We deeply l egret that the Parliament has seen fit to
pass suoli an act as the Stamp Act; ivr flattei ourF.jJvea that
the hardships of it will shortly appear to them ill such a
h ht as shaH induce them, in their wisdom, to repeal it;
in the mean time, we must your Excellency to excuse
jrorn doing anything to assht in the execution of it."
The Stamp Act was welcomed in the Colonies
Thus much
There is another .
remark This memorial proceeds mainly from per- i, — „u
sonsconnected with trade wd commerce. Now.it porwmty of afhrm.ng it all anew.
is a fact too well known in the history of Eng.and i! for Massachusetts, there are other
and of our own country, that these persons while ; Purely must be pardoned to
ftfeT !i ',er "history. In Massachusetts stands Boston,
their opposition to slavery. Twice in English
history the "mercantile interest" frowned upon
the endeavors to suppress the atrocity of Algenne
slavery; steadfastly in England it sought to bante
Wilberforce's great effort tor the abolition of the
African slave trade; and, at the formation of our
own Constitution, it stipulated a sordid compro-
mise, bv which this same detested, Heaven defy-
ino- traffic was saved for twenty years from Amer-
ican judgment. But now it is all changed—at
least m Boston, The representatives of the « mer-
cantile interest " place themselves in the front of
In Boston'stands Faneuil Hall, where, through-
out the perils which preceded the Revolution, our
I patriot fathers assembled to vow themselves to
freedom. Here, in those days, spoke James Otis,
time Lieutenant Governor and judsje in Massachu-
setts, wrote to Ministers in England:
« The Stamp Act is received with as much decency as
could be expcctcd. It leaves no 100m for evasiou, and
will execute itself.''
Like the judges of our day, in charges to grand
juries he resolutely vindicated the act, and ad-
monished " the jurors and the people" to obey.
f„ll of the thought that   the people's safety is the ■ j Like Governors m outlay, Bernard, in his speech
[ \ If rnrt   H ah ®D0ke James Warren, to the Legislature of Massachusetts, demanded
law of Grod. tieie, also, spoKe jama ' „nrea«tr>nirw* submission •> T shall nnt.."savsthis
inspired by the sentiment that " death with all us uniea&omng submission
tortures is preferable to slavery." And here, also,
thundered John Adams, fervid with the conviction
that14 consenting: to slavery is a sacrilegious hi each
of trust " Not" far from this venerable hall—be-
tween this temple of freedom and the very court-
I shall not, "says this
British Governor, " enter into any disquisition of
the policy of the act. I have only to say it is an
act of the Parliament of Great Britain.* Like
marshals of our day, the officers of the customs
are recorded as having made "application tor a
