1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1519
Mr. DIXON obtained the floor, but yielded at !
the solicitation of several Senators; and !
The Seriate adjourned. :
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 26, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
MARTHA WASHINGTON CASE.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is a motion to suspend the rules, laying over from
Monday last, for the purpose of allowing the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bliss] to introduce a bill
" to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
appoint a special agent to investigate and bring- to
justice certain offenders against the laws of the
United States, and making an appropriation of
$15,000 for that purpose."
The bill, which was read for information, pro-
vides that, whereas, there is probable cause" to
believe that an extensive combination exists in
the western States, having for its object the com-
mission of crimes against the laws of the United
States; and in pursuance of which, such crimes
have been committed; therefore, the Secretary of
the Treasury is authorized to appoint a special
agent, at such compensation as he may deem
proper, to investigate and bring to justice (he said
offenders, and for that purpose the sum of $15,000
is appropriated: Provided, That the said duties of
said special agent shall dUermine on the 1st of
July, 1856, and that the Secretary shall report to
Congress an account of the disposition of said
sum.
The question was Then taken upon the motion
to suspend the rules; and it was decided in the
negative—two thirds not voting in favor thereof.
SURVEYS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. A8ERCR0MBIE,by unanimous consent,
introduced the following joint resolution; which
was read a fust and second time by its title:
Joint resolution directing the connection of the
public surveys in Alabama with the boundary
line between the States of Alabama and Florida.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. The object of the res-
olution is to have surveyed the lands on the bound-
ary line between Alabama and Florida. The line
between these two States has been recently settled
and acquiesced in upon the part of both States.
The section lines have not been extended to the
boundary lines upon the part of Alabama. On
the part of Florida, this work has been done. I
now desire to give authority to the General Land
Office here to have these surveys made. There is
no conflict of interests. There is no appropria-
tion necessary to carry out the work. I have
been wutten to by constituen-ts to get these sur-
veys made, that they may be enabled to purchase
a portion of those lands, I hope there will be no
objection made to the passage of the resolution.
Mr. HAVEN. This resolution makes no ap-
propriation. It is only to have surveys made, I
hope it will be passed.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
THE LATE MEXICAN TREATY.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose now, if the House
will indulge me, to move a suspension of the rules
for the purpose of going into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, with a view
of taking up House bill (No. 405) to enable the
President to execute the third article of the recent
treaty with Mexico. We have a very short time
in which we can act upon that bill, and I hope
that the House wiil act upon it in one way or the
other at tfce earliest possible moment.
Mr. PECKHAM. Before that motion is put,
I desire to ask the unanimous consent of the House
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be, and
he i* hereby, i equated, if not inconsistent with the public
inteir,*!.-, to communicate to this Hou^e copies ot all in-
shucimns to our Minister to Mexico, Mr. Gadsden, and of
ail con espondf'nce between this Government and lam,
touching or eoi'cernitijj the tieaty between tins Govern-
ment and Mexico, ot the 30th of Dycembur last, and the
subject-matter thereof.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to that resolution,
it comes here too late for the House to act upon it.
Mr, PECKHAM. I move to suspend the
rules, for the purpose of enabling me to offer it.
The SPEAKER. There is already a motion
pending to suspend the rules to go into the Commit-
tee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union, which
will take precedence of the gentleman's motion.
Both motions being of equal dignity, the one first
made must be first put.
Mr. BENTON. I have a question to make
which, I think, will take precedence of both mo-
tions. I propose now to make the motion of
which I gave notice some days ago, of the privi-
leges of this House. It is one which, I appre-
hend, takes precedence of all other motions, and
especially does it take precedence of that now
made, to £0 into Committee of the Whole for the
purpose of taking up this bill. If 1 am right in
my apprehension of the dignity and of the obli-
gations which attach to the privilege I shall plead,
I will go on and state my motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the gen-
tleman's motion before he decides as to the ques-
tion of privilege.
Mr. BENTON. I have reduced to writing the
points of privilege which I make to the House,
m order to avoid any misconception or misap-
prehension.
Resolved, That the Hou«e will not consider the question
of appioprialing ^ 10,000,000 fo cany into effect the Mf.xuan
treaty ot December .10. 1853, for the aeqniMtion of loreign
territory, until it bhall 'fir t have conMdered whether there
was a breach of the privileges of tin-* floti^e in negotiating
and concluding s-aid tieaty ; nor until alter the House shall
have obtained full information on the negotiation and con-
clusion of said treaty.
Resolved, That the said treaty, depending for it^ execu-
tion oil a law of Congress to be pa^ed on a subject submit-
ted by the Constitution to the power of Congress, if the
constitutional right and duty ot the House of Representa-
tives to deliberate on the expediency or inexpediency of
carrying such treaty into effect, ami to deteimnie and act
thereon, as, in their judgment, may be most conducive to
the public good.
That is copied from the resolut-ons adopted by
the House of Representatives, in the year 1796,
after President Washington had tefused to com-
municate papers to the House on that subject.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman is through
with his question of privilege 
[Cries of " Wait until he is heard on it!"]
Mr HOUSTON. As far as the gentleman has
gone, I desire the decision of the Chair.
[Cries of "Order!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I am in order, and I know
what i am doing. I have a right to state my point
to the Chair.
Mr. BENTON. Certainly.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, sir, I want the de-
cision of the Speaker whether the question of the
gentleman from Missouri is such a question of
privilege as wiil arrest the privileged motion
which ! have submitted for the adoption of the
House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair prefers first to
hear the additional resolution. There were three
of them, as the gentleman from Missouri an-
nounced. The Chair will then be able to decide
at once.
Under the circumstances, the gentleman from
Missouri* will excuse the Chair fiom indicating
that remarks should be dispensed with until the
question of order or privilege is presented.
Mr. BENTON. Yes, sir; good. The third
resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That the admission of new States into the
Union being a question exclusively granted to Congress by , j
the Constitution, any treaty stipulation for the acquisition !'
of foreign territory with a right to be admitted a-* a State, .
without authorization fiom Congress, ii a breach of the i1
privileges of that body, a violation of the Constitution, and - j
illegal and void. i1
Replied, That a purchase of foreign territory by the |,
Tederal Government not having been provided lor hi the
Constitution, a concurrence of the legislative and execu- ;!
tive department* of the Government -'the former by an act ' I
of Congress, the latter by a treatv stipulation—is necessary ,,
to the consummation of the act, and has been so held in ^
the purchase of Louisiana, Florida, and California.
i?esoM,-*>That the House of Repseseutative* ha* a right ■
to the information which would enable it to judge the
merits of the Mexican treaty in it;- legislative consideration '
thereof; and that the Picfident be r< «pectful!y requested ,
to furnish to the Hnu^e of Itepiesentauves a copv of the '
instructions under which the same wa-, neyonated. and ot i'
the correspondence to which it gave ri<e, and of all other .'
paper?* connected with the subject—the eaid eopie« to he
communicated conhdennadv. ifj ui the opinion oj the Pre'5- .!
ident, the pub jc good may not admit oi iheir pie&out pub- ;
hcation.
These are the points, sir. '
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the matter ij
I introduced by the gentleman from Missouri is
i rather for the consideration of the body,in connec-
j tion with the bill referred to, than for the decision
' of the Chair, as a question of privilege. If, for
, any reason, the gentleman from'Missouri should.
] propose to impeach the President of the United
j States, or any other officer, it would not be for the
, Chair to inquire into the validity of the-reasons
j given; but the proposition itself would involve a
I question of high privilege, and would takepreced-
i ence. The Chair, therefore, overrules thft ques-
j tion of privilege made by the gentleman from
I Missouri, being unable to see in the papers pre-
i sented any question of privilege, as the gentleman
• from Missouri ha^ done. *
The question now recurs upon the motion made
by the gentleman from Alabama, that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. 0AMPBELL. Would it be in order to
move a suspension of the rules to enable the hon-
orable gentleman from Missouri to submit his
question of privilege?
The SPEAKER. There is already pending a
motion to suspend the rules, which will take pre-
cedence of any motion to suspend for another
purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I suggest, then, that after
that motion is disposed of, u motion be made to
suspend the rules, to enable the gentleman from
Missouri to submit his question of privilege.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would in-
quire whether it would not be m order to move to
suspend the rules, to enablethe House to consider
a resolution winch may be offered ?
The SPEAKER, it would not be in order.
The Chair, upon a former occasion, stated that a
motion to suspend the rules to go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and a
motion to suspend the inles for the introduction
of a bill, or for any other purpose, were of equal
dignity, and would be so considered by the Chair,
and putin the order of time in which they were
made.
Mr. WASHBURN. I would ask the Chair if
he did not decide, that inasmuch as the rules ofthe
House could not be suspended except upon Mon-
day, a motion for that purpose would take preced-
ence ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair only indicated at
the moment such a view of the subject, but cor-
rected it very soon after he made the decision.
SWAMP LANDS.
Mr, ETHERIDGE. I desire the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] to yield me the
floor for a few minutes to make a statement. It
has no relation to the matter now before the House.
I have received some information lately, which
renders it necessary that I should go home at an
eaily day. What I desire to say will not occupy
more than four or five minutes; and probably I
may not trouble the House soon, if at all, during
the remainder of the session.
[Cries of "Agreed!" "Agreed!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to the
gentleman from Tennessee being allowed to make
the statement he desires to make, if it gives rise
to no debate.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. It is merely to make a
statement.
General assent was expressed by the House.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I will
state to the House that I hold in my hand a paper
which, had it been forwarded to me at an earlier
day, I should have taken great pleasure in pre-
senting to this body. It did not reach me, how-
ever, until this morning. It is the memorial of
the Legislature of the State of Tennessee, adopted
in February, 3854. It relates to a subject which I
shall bring before the House whenever I can do so
consistently with the other public business which
is now before us, and which, under the rules, will
have to be first considered. I beg leave to state
the contents of the paper very briefly, and let it
go to the Clerk's desk. I will not insist on its
being read.
The House will recollect that some time ago
Congress ceded to the States of Missouri and
Arkansas a vast quantity of low swamp lands.
In consequence of such cermon, these Spates have
levetd the right bank of the Mississippi river, and
the result has been to increase the amount of
overflow on the left bank of the river. In con-
