THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 27, 1854.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is advised by
the Clerk that the gentleman from Tennessee did
make the motion. ,
Mr. JONES. I did make the motion, and I
made it for the purpose of preventing any member,
after making an hour speech, from moving an
amendment, and thereby being enabled to go on
and make another hour speech.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the motion is entertained,
I rise to a question of order.
Mr. ORR. This question of order cannot arise
now. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]
is upon the floor, and the motion of the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] does not come up
now for action.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear the
point of order, and decide it upon its merits.
Mr. CAMPBELL. My point is, that that
motion to strike out the enacting clause cannot
be made in Committee of the Whole, because it is
in conflict with an express rule which provides
that a bill shall be read over, and be subject to
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark
that the point of order cannot be considered now,
because the motion to which the gentleman alludes
was made some time since, and the question is not
now pending.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I did not rise to a ques-
tion of order at the time the motion was made,
because the Chair did not state the motion to the
committee, and because it was understood that
the gentleman from Tennessee only gave notice of
it; and the Chair has this moment said that he
did not understand that the motion was made.
And now, the very first moment after the Chair
announces to the committee that such a motion is
entertained, I raise the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was about to
add, that so far as the merits of the point of order
are concerned, the Chair rules it decidedly against
the gentleman from Ohio. By the rules of this
House, as well as by the lex parliamentancz gen-
erally, motions to amend all matters under consid-
eration are in order at the proper times. A motion
to amend by striking out the first section is also in
order in its proper time; and a motion to strike
out the enacting clause, covering all other amend-
ments, is privileged, because it embraces them
all in one question; and thus the motion to strike
out the enacting clause being considered and dis-
posed of, if in the affirmative, precludes the neces-
sity of considering all pending amendments; if
decided in the negative, it leaves the pending
amendments for consideration,and leaves the mat-
ter open for discussion. Thus, in either case,
motions pending are not prejudiced by first con-
sidering the privileged motion to strike out the
enacting clause. The Chair accordingly rules that
such a motion is in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I take an appeal from that
decision of the Chair. I never have known any
precedent for it, except upon the Nebraska bill,
when the honorable gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Stephens] made the motion. I think it is an im-
portant point to have settled, looking to the legis-
lation of the future. I ask that the rule may be
read which provides that bills referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole shall be read and considered
section by section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state, for
the information of the gentleman, that the 119th
rule provides, in express language, that a motion
to strike out the enacting clause shall take preced-
ence of all motions to amend.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish the rule read which
provides that all bills in the Committee of the
Whole shall be read, and then considered sec-
tion by section. I have it in my hand, and, with
the consent of the committee, will read it myself;
and then I will show that the rule just cited by
the Chair refers to the action of the House proper,
and not to the action of the Committee of the
Whole.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman desires
to debate the appeal, the Chair will first state the
question. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
96
New Series No. 96.
Jones] moved to amend the pending bill by strik-
ing out the enacting clause. The gentleman from
Ohio takes exception to this motion, upon the
ground that there are no precedents, and upon the
ground that itis in conflict with another rule which
he read to the committee. The Chair overrules
the question of order, upon the ground thata rule
of the House expressly declares that the motion
made by the gentleman from Tennessee shall take
precedence of all motions to amend. The gentle-
man from Ohio appeals from this decision, and the
question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now read the 127th rule,
to which I have referred. It is as follows:
" Upon bills committed to a Committee of the Whole
House, the bill shall be first read throughout by the Clerk, i
and then again read and debated by clauses, leaving the pre-
amble to be last considered : the body of the hill shall not !
be defaced or interlined; but all amendments, noting the !
page and line, shall be duly entered by the Clerk on asepa- i
rate paper, as the same shall be agreed to by the committee,
and so reported to the House. After report, the bill shall \
again be subject to be debated and amended by clauses, be- i
fore a question to engross it be taken."—April 7, 1789. t
Now, I desire to propound to the Chair the j
question whether it is not his duty, and the duty j
of the House, in giving a construction to its rules, I
to construe them so that all the rules may stand \
when there is a seeming conflict between them? ;
Now, if the decision of the Chair, that a motion i
to strike out the enacting clause of a bill is in order
in Committee of the Whole be correct, I ask if it
does not amend and abolish the rule I have just
read? I maintain that the 119th rule is applicable
to the action of the House only, and not to that
of the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SM^TH, of Virginia. I ask how this
discussion came before the committee? Is not
my colleague [Mr. Bayly] entitled to the floor?
The CHAIRMAN. There is an appeal from
the decision of the Chair pending.
Mr. SMITH. Is the gentleman from Ohio in
order in debating the question '
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has a
right to debate the question.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, with the
permission of the gentleman from Ohio, I wish to
call the attention of the Chair to the connection in
which the rule just read stands with the original
rule of which it was formerly a part. I regret
that this point has been presented to-day, although,
believing that it is of very questionable propriety
to allow the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union to strike out the enacting clause of a
bill referred to them, and thus to cut off all amend-
ments, there was a consultation between some of
the members of the Committee on'Rules as to the
expediency of reporting a new rule forbidding any
such thing in Committee of the Whole, in case it
should be decided that it may now be done. This
is not the proper time for stating the reasons for
our opinions.
But, sir, as the question is raised—a question
involving the correct construction of the rules of
the House—I beg leave to state to the Chair that
the rule which was just now read was adopted as j
early as 1822. He will find by referring to it that ,
the date of its original enactment is 1822. Now I j
shall read from Jefferson's Manual, or rather from j
the rules of the House bound up with Jefferson's
Manual—the volume brought here by the honor- j
able gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benton]—I |
shalfread, I say, the original rule, for the purpose
of showing that from the whole context, that part I
of it relied on by the Chair was obviously in- ,
tended to apply only to proceedings in the House, j
and not to the Committee of the Whole on the 'j
state of the Union. /
Mr. BAYLY. Mr. Chairman  II
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman yield '!
to his colleague? |
Mr. MILLSON. I wish first to read the rule
to which 1 refer.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 beg to know how the floor
was taken from me after I was recognized.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will explain.
By his inadvertence the pending question was
omitted to he stated to the committee. In endeavor-
ing to correct that error, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] rose to a question of order as to
the propriety and legality of that question. The
Chair decided the point of order against the gen-
tleman, and the gentleman from Virginia has the
floor, pending the appeal from the decision of the
Chair on the point of order.
Mr. MILLSON. These rules are contained in
a book printed in the year 1837. A part of the
rule which 1 am now about to read will be found
in the exact language of the rule read from the
Chair, but is in a different connection. I read it
merely for the purpose of showing that when that
rule was originally made in 1822, it was intended
to apply only to proceedings in the House, and
not to those -in the Committee of the Whole. It
is as follows:
" Wlien a question is under debate no motion shall be
received but to adjourn, to he on the table, for the previous
question, to postpone to a day certain, to commit or amend,
to postpone indefinitely, which several motions shall have
precedence in the order in which they are arranged. And no
motion to postpone to a day certain, to commit, or to post-
pone indefinitely, being decided, shall be again allowed on
the same day, and at the same stage of the bill or proposi-
tion. A motion to strike out the enacting words of a bill
shall have precedence of a motion to amend; and, if car-
ried, shall be considered equivalent to its rejection."
Here, sir, it appears that the rule on which the
Chair has just decided this motion to be in order,
is found in immediate connection with provisions
obviously applicable to the House, and not the
Committee of the "Whole.
Let me analyze its provisions for a moment.
When a question is under debate, what is to be
done? "No motion shall be received but t£ad-
journ;" that cannot be done in committee. "To
lie on the table;'' that cannot be done in commit-
tee. "For the previous question;" that cannot
be demanded in committee. "To postpone to a
day certain;" that cannot be done m committee.
" To conamit;" that cannot be done in committee.
" To amend;" that may be done m committee, but
in the House also. <;To postpone indefinitely;"
that cannot be done in committee- " Which sev-
eral motions shall have precedence in the order in
which they are arranged." And so the rule goes
on:
"A motion to strike out the enacting words of a bill shall
have precedence of a motion to amend; and, if carried, shall
be equivalent to Us rejection."
It is clear to my mind that the rule contemplated
proceedings in the House exclusively, unless we
can suppose that it intended to authorize a Com-
mittee of the Whole to adjourn, and demand the
previous question, as well as to strike out the
enacting words of a bill.
For these reasons, I contend that it is not in
order, in Committee of the Whole, to move to
strike out the enacting clause of a bill; and it was
so held some time during the last Congress, when
I myself inadvertently submitted such a motion.
I regret that the question has arisen at this time;
for I would prefer that the more important ques-
tions involved in the bill under consideration
should be discussed without interruption. Be-
lieving, however, that the motion made by the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] is out of
order, I shall vote to sustain the appeal which has
been taken from the decision of the Chair-
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I should like
to have the 34th rule read, which was adopted
some twenty years after the 119th rule,and which
seems to me to place this question beyond all
doubt.
The 34th rule was then read, as follows:
"34. No member fchall occupy more than one hour in
debate on any question in the House, or in committee; but
a member reporting the measure under consideration from
a committee may open and clo^e the debate: provided, that
where debate U closed by order of the House, any member
shall be allowed, m committee, five minutes to explain any
amendment he may offer, after which any member who
shall first obtain the flooi ihall be allowed to speak five
minutes m opposition to it, and there shall be n© further
debate on the amendment; but the same privilege on de-
bate shall be allowed in favor of and against any amend-
ment that may be offered to the amendment; and neither
the amendment nor an amendment to the amendment shall
be withdrawn by the mover thereof, unless by the unani
mou* consent or the rormnittcr."
