1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1523
drawing the motion when debate shall have been
closed.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think no onekwould at-
tempt to impugn the motives of the honorable gen-
tleman from Tennessee, on my right, in making
the motion which he has made. But, sir, the
very reasons that have been assigned for making
it, are those which would fail in justifying the de-
cision of the Chair, to which decision I always
bow with that respect which leads me to give up
a large portion of my own predilections. 5, air,
am one of those who have been " slumbering"
over those rules, as the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] has indicated. I was not awak-
ened to their destructive force until a few weeks
ago, when the duties of the House of Representa-
tives were, by a decision o"f the Chair, confirmed
by the committee, transferred to the Committee
of the Whole. Sir, these rules were made to
defend the rights of the minority against the ty-
ranny of the majority, on which side soever of the
House that majority may be found—and I have
seen it in its tyrannical forms, I believe, on both
sides.
Mr. Chairman, if the intention of the gentle-
man was to prevent any amendment from being
offered, and that motion should be sustained by
the committee, we should at once become the
mere recorders of the high behests of the Execu-
tive. How I should vote on that is a matter en-
tirely different, so far as regards the merits of the
case; but so far as regards the dependence of this
House, its position as mere sayer of yea or nay
to the behests of the Executive, it becomes us all,
I think, to arrest, in some measure, the right of a
Committee of the Whole to discuss the merits of
a case, and to offer amendments to every bill, so
long as any amendment may be suggested by any
gentleman upon this floor. I have looked with
some care at that rule which has been read here,
and, taken in connection with all the other ques-
tions which are associated with it, as represented
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,]
who spoke so clearly on the subject, 1 have come
to the opinion—which, indeed, I had always en-
tertained—that it had no reference to the Commit-
tee of the Whole. It belongs to the House. It
connects itself with other motions which belong
to the House, It is not competent for this com-
mittee to enter on any destruction of a bill in the
forms set forth there. That is the privilege of the
House. This, therefore, connects itself with the
high privilege of destroying, of killing a bill. It
becomes in itself a measure to destroy the independ-
ence of the committee, from which must emanate
all those amendments which connect themselves
with fiscal appropriations on which the House is
to act. I have nothing further to say.
Mr. CAMPBELL took the floor.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I object to the gen-
tleman from Ohio proceeding. He has already
spoken three times on this subject.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I did nol finish what I got
the floor to say. i yielded the floor for explan-
ation to your colleague, [Mr. Millson,] anu by
some means or other 1 lost it entirely.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman isnoten-
titled to the floor, if his occupying it be objected
to.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. My colleague will allow
me to say one word.
Mr. BAYLY. I object to the gentleman's
speaking any more.
Mr. TAYLOR. There seems to have been
some misunderstanding in reference to this bill;
for whenthechairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means asked us to appropriate $]0,000,000 ;
without explanation of its purpose, he moved to j
amend by striking out the last three lines, j
Whether that motion of amendment was enter- !
tained by the chairman of the committee, I do not |
recollect If the motion was enteitained, the
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. !
Jones] was out of order. If pot out of order I
hei e, there are two gentlemen of the Committee of j
Ways and Means proposing amendments and get- j
tin^ us into difficulty, and squabbling about the ;
rules of the House and the rules of the committee, .
while we are considering a matter of such vast |
importance as the one under consideration. It j
seems to me to be unusual to move to strike out I
the enacting clause before the bill is at all consid-1
ered. 1 do not recollect such an instance during \
my short experience here. ;
1 confess that I am a little troubled to under- )
stand, after the lucid exposition of the gentleman j
from Tennessee, what is his object. 1 do not i
undeistand it. I wish -he would withdraw his !
motion, and let us have a free, fair, and full die- j
cussion of this subject, I for one am i eady to say, :
that if I see the way clear, and feel it my duty, I |
shall vote for the money required by this bill; but :
without sufficient exposition of the necessity for :
it, without something more than the chaiiman of I
the Committee of Ways and Means has given us, j
or than I have seen from the President, or any J
of the Departments of the Government, I shall
feel constrained to vote against the allowance of
$10,000,000 to carVy out the treaty. 1 listened
most attentively to the reasons given for this ex-
traordinary position of two gentlemen who hold a
most eminent position m this House, in making
two such motions befoie we discussed this ques-
tion at all. I do not yet understand the object of
my friend from Tennessee, m mo\ing to stnke out
the enacting clause of the bill, unless it be from a
desire to prevent gentlemen fiom discussing it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man from Ohio allow me a word. 1 distinctly
stated that the only object, and the only effect of
the motion which I had made, was to prevent a
gentleman, when he had made an hour speech,
from getting some one else to make a motion to
amend, so as to enable him to have another hour
upon that motion, thereby having two hours
instead of one. I will say here, that whenever
we shall close debate upon this bill, and whenever
it may be the general wish to offer amendments,
and to make explanations of them under the five-
minute rule, I will withdraw the motion 1 made
to strike out the enacting clause.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire simply to respond
to the gentleman from Tennessee by saying, that
J. do not know that I should have raised the ques-
tion I did, had the gentleman from Tennessee,
when he made the motion to strike out the enact-
ing clause, given the pledge which he now does,
to wit: that he will withdraw the motion, so that
the rule authorizing amendments may be m force.
But the manner in which it was presented was
simply this 
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Is this debate in
order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman from Ohio that he can only make
an explanation.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I cannot yield the
floor longer. I shall not detain the committee
long.
Mr. BAYLY. Will my friend from Ohio—
my ancient friend from Ohio—[laughter] allow
me to make an appeal to him? He has^given the
floor to his colleague; will he give it to me?
Mr. TAYLOR. I must respectfully decline
yielding the floor to my more ancient friend from
Virginia, because he did not yield the floor to one
still more ancient, the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Benton,] when he asked the gentleman from
Virginia to give him five minutes of his time. I
have very little to say upon questions of order;
for, after having studied the rules of this House
most diligently for seven years, I must confess
that I know very little about them. I think the
Chair is wrong in the decision he has made, and
I must vote with my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Camp-
bell,] because there are two amendments offered
by members of the Committee of Ways and
Means pending. But I will not trespass upon the
kindness of the committee longer.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I would ask the
chairman, if it be in order, whether both of these
amendments—the one offered by the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] as well as that
offered by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,]—are in order?
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly. The Chair,
with the permission of the committee, will remark,
that any gentleman at all familiar with the common
law, known as the parliamentary law, must be
aware of the fact that there is nothing novel or
unusual in the pending motion as made by the
gentleman from Tennessee. It is a motion known
to ail parliamentary bodies; a motion known, I
repeat, to the common law, as well as to the writ-
ten rules of the House. Now, my colleague from
Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] who takes an appeal in
the present case, has laid down a true rule of con-
struction with respect to "the rules. The only
question, and the one which has to be examined
now, is, has he [Mr. Campbell] applied his own
rule—the rule of which he speaks—that is to con-
strue these apparently conflicting rules together,
and see what the meaning of them is? Let him
apply that true rule to the present difficulty. One
rule provides that a bill shall be considered by sec-
tions, and shall be open to amendment. Another
rule expressly gives precedence to a particular
motion—to the motion offered by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.] Take the princi-
ple, then, suggested by the gentleman who takes
the appeal, and suppose the two rules to form but
one rule, the first being the body of the rule and
the last to have been added to it by way of a pro-
viso. And then we have a rule providing that
the question or subject-matter shall be open to
consideration and amendment, section bysection,
provided that that amendment which proposes to
strike out the first section of the hill shall have
precedence over all other amendments.
So stand the two rules when considered together;
and the meaning and interpretation of them has
been well illustrated by the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Stephens,] who has explained to the
House that questions may differ in regard to rank
and privilege, as between themselves, and yet
that each, in its appropriate time, may be strictly
parliamentary and m order. As thus: A motion
to go to the business on the Speaker's table, is a
parliamentary motion, and in order; but a motion
to go into a Committee of the Whole House, being
also a parliamentary motion, and one of higher
privilege, it overrules and cuts off the other.
There is nothing better known to parliamentary
lawyers, than that privileged questions—as in the
case before us, the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee is a privileged question—out-
ranks and overrides other motions; and the Chair
would remark that he believes no evil can result
from the practice either; because it will be observed,
if the motion to amend by striking out the first
section of the bill prevail, it is the decision of the
majoi ity—lex majoris partis—expressed against the
merits of the bill. Because, as the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] has explained, the motion
to strike out the first section of the bill opens up
the whole merits of the bill to debate, and if the
House should decide generally on the merits of
the bill adversely to it, there is no propriety in
wasting thetime ofthe Housein discussing amend-
ments which, being subsidiary questions, are, of
course, of minor importance. If, on the other
hand, the House should decideadversly to themo-
tion to strike out the first section of the bill, then
the committee can consider such amendments as
may be proposed to it; and thus, in practice, all
the benefits that can be derived from either of the
rules will be obtained, and there will certainly be
no conflict between them.
Now, the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mill-
ion,] who first addressed the Chair, quotes ancient
rules of the House, in which he finds this rule
giving precedence to the motion to strike out the
first section combined with other motions which
can be made in the House; but he omitted to state
that there are also motions combined with it which
can be made in committee as well as in the House.
He quotes one of the ancient books to show that
these motions can only be made in the House,
and that, therefore, they are not intended to be
applied to the Committee of the Whole. Now,
one rule of the House expressly provides that the
proceedings of the Committee of the Whole shall
be governed by the same rules as those which
govern the proceedings of the House, so far as
they are applicable. But there are a variety of
motions which cannot be made in the committee,
to wit: a motion to adjourn, and so forth,as stated
by the gentleman from Virginia. But if he had
given an examination to the very rule which he
cites, old as it is, and of no authority, in the pres-
ent case, because obsolete, he would have found
connected with it, also, motions which could he
made in committee, thus showing that this rule
applied to matters in order in the committee, as
well as in the House; and therefore that the rule
was as binding in committee, as it was in the
House.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I desire to know whether
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] would have the effect of cuttingoff debate ?
