1524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
stated that it would not.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, took the floor.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I am entitled to the
floor, having only yielded it to the Chair. I will,
however, yield it for a moment to my friend from
Virginia.
Mr. BAYLY. I want, before I commence
what 1 have to say on the question before the
House, to correct an unintentional misstatement
made by my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Taylor.]
He stated that I had refused to allow any part
of my time to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Benton.] Now, sir, the gentleman from Mis-
souri is within my hearing, and he will bear me
testimony that I said that when a gentleman of
his age and character came to ask me to yield to
him a portion of my time, I did not know how to
refuse him, although the time which 1 should
have to give up would be the time of my con-
stituents; but that, trusting to that indulgence
which I have always had extended to me by my
constituents. I thought I could do it.
Mr. TAYLOR. I am glad I was laboring
under a misapprehension, because I appealed to
my friend to yield a part of his time to the gen-
tleman from Missouri, and I understood iiim
distinctly to say that he could not do it.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman stands corrected,
and I would suggest that it would be better, be-
tween friends, to ascertain facts before making a
statement of them.
Mr. TAYLOR. I was laboring under a mis-
take.
Mr. BENTON here made a remark substanti-
ating Mr. Bayly's statement, which was inaudible
to the reporter.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will not detain the commit-
tee longer. I have tried hard to understand the
true state of the question, and I am constrained
to vote against the decision of the Chair, because
I believe it to be contrary to the practice of the
committee.
Mr. SKELTON. I will only add two or three
words to what has already been said upon this
question of order. I believe this question to be
one of vast importance to the House, the commit-
tee, and the country. This motion was recently
made, if I recollect aright, for the first time since
I have been honored with a seat upon this floor,
in the Committee of the Whole upon the Nebraska
bill. I believe, sir, that it strikes at the rights of
the members of this House, at the right of free
discussion, and at the right of making amend-
ments.
I agree with the Chairman in his remark, that
the rules of this committee and of the House,
must be taken collectively, and that we can only j
gain a knowledge of their meaning by comparing
one with another; and that this especially is the j
case where there is an apparent clash of the rules |
of the House. Now, sir, the rules of this House :
declare, that in committee a bill shall be read
through by sections. That rule is absolute and
emphatic, and there is no other rule which abro-
gates it. Why is this privilege given to the com-
mittee? Why was this rule established at all?
Was it not for the purpose of giving the members
of the House, in committee, a privilege which can
be denied them while in the House? This is the
point upon which the case mainly turns. If this
construction is correct, what advantage is therein
having a Committee of the Whole ? The Com-
mittee of the Whole is organized for the purpose
of giving liberty to debate, full liberty to offer
amendments to bills pending, so that we may not
be compelled to vote in the dark, and without an
opportunity to offer amendments. I hope, sir,
that this decision of the Chair will be voted down.
Another point. This committee has no power
to close debate, according to the rules of the House.
Now, sir, if this practice is established, you can
close debate in committee; you can cut off amend-
ments; you can apply the previous question; and
you can apply to the committee all the rules which
apply to the House. Then what do we gain by
going into committee? We gain no privilege of
debate; we gain no more unrestricted piivilege of
expressing our sentiments; and hence the estab-
lishment of this rule, as construed by the decision
of the Chair, will have the effect of effectually
placing a gag upon the liberty of speech; npon
the liberty of members in expressing their views
upon questions which may arise. We have all
of us felt the oppressiveness of the operation of
the previous question in the House on many oc-
casions. We have all of us, in many instances,
been compelled to vote against bills because some
provision in them did not meet the approval of our
judgment, when, if some little amendment could
have been made, we would have been glad to have
sustained them.
Why, sir, this Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union was established for the purpose
of affording a larger latitude of debate, and of of-
fering amendments, than the rules of the House
would admit of. But if this decision is to be sus-
tained, that privilege, which all of us cherish so
much, will be crushed forever. It is for this rea-
son that 1 shall be compelled -to vote against the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise for the purpose of
making an appeal to my friend on my right [Mr.
Campbell] to withdraw the appeal he has taken.
1 submit to him thatthis is a very unpropitious
time for the discussion of this question. We
have now a very important bill before the com-
mittee. My colleague from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]
is waiting to make his reply to the gentleman
from Missouri, or, at least, his remarks upon
the bill. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] has already declared that it is not his in-
tention to persist in his motion, but that he will
withdraw it upon the termination of debate. And
since it is within the power of the House, atsome
future time, when a bill of less importance is un-
der consideration, to settle this question which I
desire to see settled for the purpose, if necessary,
of making some change in the rules of the House,
I would earnestly appeal to the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw his question of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the committee will
allow me for a moment explain my motives, I
will then withdraw my appeal.
[Cries of " Go on !" " Go on !"]
Mr. CAMPBELL. When the motion wa$
made by the henorable gentleman from Tennessee
to strike out the enacting clause of the bill, it was
not accompanied by any pledge upon his part that
he would withdraw it, so as to allow of amend-
ments and debate under the five-minute rule, and
therefore it followed, as a necessary consequence,
that it was bringing into practical operation the
previous question in Committee of the Whole as
efficiently as it is in the House proper. For the
gentleman from Georgia might have made a motion
in the House for the termination of thedebatein
the committee in five minutes, which, if carried,
would have brought the committee to a direct vote
upon striking out the enacting clause. If that vote
i was decided in the affirmative, it would carry the
i bill into the House, and, undei the operation of the
| previous question, an important measure of this
! kind might be passed without any opportunity
j having been given for debate. It was for that
| reason that I'deemed it to be my duty to raise
! the question of order which I did. But inas-
j much as the gentleman from Tennessee has given
I his pledge that debate shall not be checked by his
1 motion, and as I regard him as a man of honor,
I doubt not that he will redeem his pledge and
withdraw his motion. I therefore withdraw my
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not wish
the gentleman to make that withdrawal; for he may
afterwards be taken by surprise. I notify that
gentleman, and this committee, that if hereafter,
in the progress of this bill, I shall find it necessary
to get a vote on the bill to make the same motion
that I did on the Nebraska bill, I shall do so.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I notify the honor-
i able gentleman from Georgia, that if he attempts
i during the pendency of this bill, as he did on the
1 Nebraska bill, to cut off debate, and his motion is
sustained by the Chair before discussion is had, I
shall renew the appeal which I now withdraw.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, resuming the floor,
addressed the committee in reply to Mr. Bf.nton.
His speech, withheld for revision, will be pub-
lished hereafter.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania, obtained the
floor.
Mr. HAMILTON. With the consent of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I move that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker prn
tempore (Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee) having
resumed the chair, the Chairman of the committee
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the Union generally, and especially House bill
No. 405, " to enable the President of the United
States to fulfill the third article of the treaty be-
tween the United States and the Mexican Re-
public, of the 30th December, 1853," and had
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. CURTIS. I offer the resolution which I
send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. There is not a quorum present,
and there is, therefore, no motion in order except
a motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pfo tempore. We have not
ascertained that fact.
Mr. JONES. Well, I take it for granted that
I it is so; and I make the motion that the House do
| now adjourn.
; TheSPEAKER protempore. The fact whether
there is a quorum or not present can only be as-
certained by the House proceeding to business;
and whenever it appears that there is no quorum
present, then, of course, the proposition of the
gentleman from Tennessee will be in order.
Mr. JONES. Is it not in order now to move
an adjournment?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Not when an-
other gentleman [Mr. Curtis] has the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object to the resolution.
Mr. CURTIS. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended to enable me to introduce
my resolution.
Mr. JONES. I make the point of order, that
the motion to suspend the rules is not in order,
because there is not a quorum present. The Chair
can make a count.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order.
Mr. JONES. Then I appeal from the decision
of the Chair, and ask a vote upon that appeal.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then the ques-
tion is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the House?"
Mr. DEAN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. JONES. Then the question on the appeal
cannot be decided; and, of course, the motion falls
to the ground.
The question was taken; and the motion of Mr.
Dean was agreed to.
The House thereupon (at ten minutes before
four o'clock, p. m.) adjourned till to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 27, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read a first and second
time by their titles, and referred to the committees
annexed:
A bill to create and provide a pension for David
Towle—Committee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Samuel McKnight, of the
State of Kentucky—Committee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of William Wallace, of the
State of Illinois—Committee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of George M. Bentley, of
the State of Indiana—Committee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of William G. Howison—
Committee on the District of Columbia.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Captain Mat-
thew Jack, deceased—Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Lot Hall,
deceased—Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Henry Hoffman—Committeeon Revolutionary
Claims.
A bill to create*and provide a pension for Cap-
tain Thomas Porter—Committee on Pensions.
IRA DAY, OF VERMONT.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives, to the bill
of the Senate, for the relief of Ira Day, of Ver-
"mont, which was to add after the words " Ira
Day,-" the words, "or his legal representatives,"
so as to require the Postmaster General to pay to
