1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1525
Ira Day, or his legal representatives, $1,008 90, as
the balance due for transporting the mail from
Royalton to Burlington, in Vermont, from Jajfc
nary, 1833, to July, 1837.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, the amendment was
concurred in.
JEFFRIES AND SMITH.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House to the bill of thesSenate for the
relief of James Jeffries and Jeremiah M. Smith.
The bill, as it passed the Senate, proposed to
enact that the Postmaster General be " authorized
and directed" to release the parties mentioned and
their guarantors from the penalty incurred by their
failure to carry the mail on routes 6968, 6269,
6277, according to the bid offered by them and
accepted by the Department; and to refund to
them the amount of any fine which has been paid
by them in consequence of any failure.
The amendment of the House was to strike
out " directed," and insert after " authorized "the
words " in his discretion," so as to authorize the
Postmaster General, in his discretion, to make the
release and payment provided for.
On motion by Mr. RUSK,the amendment was
concurred in.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition
of John Shaw, praying compensation for his ser-
vices as interpreter in the trial of certain Winne-
bago Indians, charged with murder, at a special
term of the United States circuit court, at Prairie
du Chien, in the Territory of Michigan, in 1828;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. BELL presented the petition of Andrew
Allison and others, praying that measures may
be taken to secure, in all treaties with foreign na-
tions, a provision for referring to the decision of
umpires, all misunderstandings that cannot be
satisfactorily adjusted by amicable negotiation;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. FISH, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Mary Martin, formerly
widow of Robert Lindsay, be withdrawn from the files of
the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
NEW POST ROUTE.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads inquire into the expediency ot establishing a post
route from Hamburg, in Arkansas, to De Clazc, in Louisi-
ana, via Woodville.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred a bill from
the House of Representatives, for the relief of
Henry Lewis, of Clinton county, Indiana, re-
ported it back with sundry amendments. He also
submitted a report on the subject; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred a bill from the House
of Representatives, for the relief of Henry J.
Snow, of Rome, in the State of New York, re-
ported it back without amendment.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred documents in relation to
the claim of Sherman Pierce, toa pension for mili-
tary services in the last war with Great Britain,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Margaret Johnstone, widow of a soldier in the
Army, who was accidentally shot by another sol-
dier while on duty, praying a pension, submitted
an adverse report thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Knox county,
Tennessee, praying that the officers and soldiers of
the Creek war of 1814, may be placed upon the same
footing with the officer^ and soldiers who served
in any other war, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, on the ground that the peti-
tioners are fully provided for in the existing gen-
eral laws. It was so ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Eliza-
beth Monroe, praying that her pension may be
extended and renewed, asked to be discharged
i from its further consideration, the committee having
: reported a general bill providing for such cases.
! It was so ordered.
He also, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the memorial of Charles Ho-
mer, praying remuneration for losses sustained
in consequence of the delay on the part of the
Government in selecting a site for the marine hos-
pital at San Francisco, and for the execution of
; work thereon not required by the contract, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon; which wns or-
dered to be printed.
He also, from the* Committee on the Judiciary,
to whom was referred the memorial of Charles
Stearns, praying to be allowed indemnity for ex-
penses incurred by him in defending his title to
certain lots of ground claimed by the United
States, and for expenses incurred in two criminal
prosecutions brought against him by the United
States authorities at Springfield, submitted are-
port, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
was read, and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
COLLECTION DISTRICT IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a memorial of citi-
zens of New Mexico, praying for the establish-
ment of a collection district in that Territory, or
in the State of Texas, have directed me to report
a bill " creating a port of entry at Frontera, m
the State of Texas." I ask that the bill may be
considered at this time. There is no officer of the
revenue now in that Territory.
The bill was read a first and second time by
unanimous consent, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It proposes to create the county of El Paso, in
the State of Texas, and the Territory of New
Mexico, a collection district, to be called the dis-
trict of Paso del Norte, the port of entry for which
is to be Frontera. There is to be a collector of
the customs, to reside at Frontera, at a salary not
exceeding $2,000, including in that sum, the fees
allowed by law.
The bill further provides that the district court
of the Territory of New Mexico shall have, and
exercise jurisdiction over all cases arising in the
collection district of Paso del Norte, in the admin-
istration of the revenue laws, in the same manner
as if the district were entirely within the Territory
of New Mexico.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
RAILROAD IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. STUART. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the House bill to aid the Territory of Minnesota
in the construction of a railroad therein, to report
the same back without amendment, and to ask fol-
ks present consideration.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Michi-
gan asks the unanimous consent of the Senate to
consider this bill now.
Mr. EVANS. I object.
Mr. STUART. I suppose it is in order for
me to submit a motion to take up the bill, as it was
twice read before being referred.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made, it
goes upon the Calendar.
Mr. STUART. Is it not in order for me now
to submit a motion to take up the bill?
The PRESIDENT. The bill having just been
reported, must lie over for one day, unless by
unanimous consent.
COLLECTION DISTRICT IN CALIFORNIA.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill reported from the Committee on Com-
merce, creating a collection district in the State of
California.
It proposes to constitute the counties of Hum-
boldt, Trinity, Klamath, and Siskyon, in Cali-
fornia, a collection district, to be called the dis-
trict of Humboldt; to make Union Town the port
of entry, and Crescent City a port of delivery.
S The collector to be appointed for the district is to
be allowed §3,000 per annum, with additional
' maximum compensation of $2,000 per annum,
should his emoluments and fees, provided by law,
amount to that sum. A deputy collector is also
to be appointed, to reside at Crescent City, at a
salary of $2,000 per annum.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that they had passed a joint resolution
directing the connection of the public surveys in
Alabama, with the boundary line between the
States of Alabama and Florida, in which they
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
ORDER OF BUSINESS WASHINGTON ANt)
ALEXANDRIA RAILROAD.
Mr. MASON. 1 ask leave to present a memo-
rial of the corporate authorities of the city of
Washington, asking for the passage of the bill
now before the Senate " authorizing the extension
of the Alexandria and Washington railroad into
the District of Columbia." That bill was under
consideration on Thursday last, and was then
laid over until the next day. There are reasons
which induce me to believe that the public interest
and the public convenience are involved in its
speedy passage. I therefore ask the Senate now
to take it up and dispose of it.
Mr. PEARCE. I submit to the Senator from
Virginia to allow me to make another motion
prior lo his. 1 am called away by peculiar cir-
cumstances from the city. 1 shall be obliged
to leave this afternoon at an early hour. I am
anxious before I go to induce the Senate to take up
a bill which has been for a long time in my charge,
and in which my State is interested. It is a bill
directing a reexamination of the account between
theUnited States and the State of Maryland.
Mr. MASON. 1 am very reluctant not to
agree to the proposition of the Senator; but I ask
him whether on his return it will not do as well to
take up that bill ?
Mr. PEARCE. I think it is very desirable it
should be taken up now. It has been in my
charge for about three months. I had hoped it
would come up in its turn, but other bills have
been taken up out of their turn, and now I am
compelled to go away, and, therefore, I ask for the
consideration of my bill.
Mr. MASON. I am sorry to decline acceding
to the request, but I hope we shall have the pleas-
ure of the Senator's company back with us very
soon, and the bill which 1 wish to take up is really
a matter of pressing emergency in which his con-
stituents, as well as mine, are concerned.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the motion of the Sen-
ator from Virginia will not prevail. It is very
evident that if that question be taken up, the day
will be consumed in discussing it. I should prefer
that the morning business be disposed of, and then
that the motion of the honorable Senator from
Maryland prevail. There is an urgent necessity
for his leaving the city, and I think it is due to him
after the morning business shall be disposed of,
that his bill be taken up.
Mr. PRATT. After what has fallen from my
colleague, I beg leave-to say that I do not appre-
hend the bill which he asks to have taken up will
lead to debate. I think it will only be necessary
to state the grounds on which the Committee on
Finance unanimously reported in its favor to in-
duce the Senate unanimously to pass it. The bill
which the honorable Senator from Virginia pro-
poses to take up, however, will undoubtedly con-
sume the whole day if it be taken up. It can be
of no importance with reference to the Potomac
bridge whether we pass to-day, or to-morrow, or
next day, a provision authorizing a railroad to be
made across it. .
Mr ADAMS. Mr. President, I dislike to op-
pose motions made by my friend from Virginia;
but I be°* leave to call the attention of the Senate
to the fact that the House of Representatives, some
days since, passed a bill fixing the time for the
annual meeting of Congress on the first Monday of
November, in lieu of tne time now fixed the first
Monday in December. We amended their ad-
journing resolution of this session, ant! sent it ba.ck
to them. They cannot act advisedly upon our
amendment to the adjourning resolution until they
see what the Senate does in reference to the bill
which they have passed changing the time for the
meeting of Congress.
