lo2f>
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
I therefore desire that, in preference to all other
business, we take up that bill and act upon it one
way or the other, either pass it or reject it. For
one, I shall vote against it; but yet 1 know it is
important that we should act upon that question
in some shape or other. In my judgment it is
more important that the sense of the Senate should 1
be ascertained upon that subject than almost any j
other before the body. I will not move to take ,
up that bill now, because I am willingto accommo- i
date the Senator from Maryland, and take up the .
bill which he wishes us to consider, and which I ,
understand will not probably take any length of !
time. But the subject which the Senator from ;
Virginia proposes to take up will consume the i
morning hour,perhaps the whole day; and there- :
fore, I feel constrained to vote against his motion, j
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Indiana [Mr. j
Bright] and the Senator from Maryland nearest ;
me [Mr. Pratt] both object to taking up the bill
which 1 propose to call up, providing/or extend- ]
ing the Washington and Alexandria railroad into
this District, for thereason,asI understand them,
that they wish first to consider the bill proposed
to be taken up by the Senator from Maryland
who sits furthest from me, [Mr. Pearce.] Under
the circumstances, I will withdraw my motion,
and yield that Senator the floor to enable him to
have his bijl taken up, with the understanding that
the Senate, with the concurrence of these gentle-
men, will-then allow me to take up my bill.
Mr. ADAMS. Withtheunderstanding on my
part that we shall take the sense of the Senate be-
tween the two propositions.
ACCOUNTS OF MARYLAND.
The bill to direct a reexamination of the account
between the United States and the State of Mary-
land, was, on motion by Mr. Pearce, read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It is designed to authorize the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury to reexamine the ac-
count between the United States and the State of
Maryland, as the same was, from time to time,
adjusted under the act of May 13, 1826, entitled
44 An act authorizing the payment of interest due
to the State of Maryland," and on such reexamin-
ation, to assume the sums expended by thatState
for the use and benefit of the United States, and
the sums refunded and repaid by the United
States to the State, and the times of those pay-
ments, as being correctly stated in the account, as
it has heretofore been passed at the Treasury
Department; but in the calculation of interest due
under the act of 1826, the following rules shall be
observed: Interest shall be calculated up to the
time of any payment made. To this interest the
payment shall be first applied, and, if it exceed
the interest due, the balance shall be applied to
diminish the principal. If the payment fall short
of the interest, the balance of interest shall not be
added to the principal so as to produce interest.
Second, interest shall be allowed the State of
Maryland on such sums only on which the said
Suite either paid interest or lost interest by the
transfer of an interest-bearing fund. And if,
upon such reexamination of-the account and appli-
cation of the above rules, any money shall be
found to be due to the State of Maryland, the
same shall be paid.
The State of Maryland, during the war of 1812,
borrowed large sums of money to be applied to the
purchaseofarms andammumtion,and the equip-
ment and pay of the militia called into service for
the defense of the State. Of the sums thus bor-
rowed, $279,626 54 wereadmitted by the Govern-
ment of the United States to have been expended
for the use and benefit of the United States, and
were subsequently repaid to the State of Maryland.
The State paid interest on these sums for a con-
siderable time, and then discharged the debt by a
transfer of United States six per cent, stock, at
that time held by the State; but no payment was
made by the United States to the State, on account
of the interest on the advances, until Congress
passed the act of May 13, 1826, which directed
the accounting officers of the Treasury to "liqui-
date and settle the claim of the State of Maryland
for interest upon loans on money borrowed and
actually expended by her for the use and benefit
of the United States during the late war with
Great Britain."
This act prescribed sundry rules for the govern-
ment of the accounting officers, the first of which
was to consider the amount of principal already
refunded to Maryland, as evidencing the whole
principal of the advances so made by the State.
The second rule was that no interest should be paid
by the United States, except where interest had
been paid by the State. The third directed that
" where the principal, or any part of it, has been
paid or refunded by the United States, or money
placed in the hands of Maryland for that purpose,
the interest on the sums so paid or refunded shall
cease," &c.
The accounting officers so construed this act
as to allow interest to the State of Marylan 1 only
where such interest had been directly paid by the
State, and to refuse it where the State had lost
interest, as by discharging the debt by the transfer
of an interest-bearing fund.
The injustice of this refusal has since been ac-
knowledged by Congress in the rase of the State
of Alabama upon the advances made by her to the
United States m the suppression of Creek Indian
hostilities, and Congress has, by the act of Jan-
uary 26, 1849, provided for the payment of in-
terest to the Stale where she had lost interest.
This the State of Alabama had done by withdraw-
ing her active capital from her State bank with
which she made her advances. TheState of Mary-
land lost interest by transferring to her creditors,
in liquidation of the securities which they held,
United States six per cent, stock, which the State
then held, and on which she was regularly re-
ceiving interest.
The mode of computing interest adopted by the
accounting officers, also, seems to have been man-
ifestly unjust. The payments of the United
States to Maryland were first applied by them to
the liquidation of the principal instead of the in-
terest accrued thereon. Whereas, in all transac-
tions between individuals, or between the Govern-
ment as creditor and an individual debtor, the
rules of law require the payments to be first ap-
plied to the extinguishment of interest, and what-
ever remains of the payment, after discharging
the interest, is then applied to the reduction of
principal.
Mr. PEARCE. This bill, Mr. President, was
recommended by the unanimous approbation of
the Committee on Finance, and I trust that a very
brief exposition of its character will equally sat-
isfy the Senate of the United States that it should
be passed. The claim is not a new one. The
State of Maryland has persisted in it from the
period named in the bill—13th May, 1826—down
to the present time. Agents have been employed
by her regularly to prosecute the claim before Con-
gress during all that period.
The claim is for interest upon advances made
by the State of Maryland to the United States
during the war of 1812, which advances are ac-
knowledged by the United States, and the principal
of which has been paid by the United States. I
may remark, that the State of Maryland claims of
the United States over $400,000, alleged to have
been advanced by her, and applied to the purchase
of ammunition and the equipment and support of
the militia called out for the defense of the State
during the war of 1812. In the settlement of her
accounts at the Treasury, that sum was not al-
lowed; but the accountingofficers did allow a sum
of over $279,000; and that sum was paid by the
authorities of the United States to the State of
Maryland, but interest was refused upon it.
On the 13th of May 1826, Congress passed an
act for the payment of interest to the State of
Maryland upon these advances, and a portion of
the interest has been paid; but either the terms of
the act were such, or the construction given to the
act by the accounting officers were such, that the
State of Maryland has not received that interest
to which she thinks she was entitled as a just in-
demnity, and which is always exacted by the
Government in every other case, and exacted by
the courts between individuals. The mode of set-
tlement which was adopted I will explain. In the
first place, however, I should remark that the in-
terest allowed to the State of Maryland was only
such interest as it was proved the State had paid.
Now, it appears that the State not only paid in-
terest on these advances up to a given period, but
that, at that given period, the State began to lose
interest, because she liquidated her own bonds,
which she had given for the moneys thus advanced
by her for the use of the Ceneraf Government, by
transferring to those creditors United States six
per cent, stock—an interest-bearing fund—so that
sk^not only paid interest up to about the year
ioi8, I think it was, but subsequently to that time
she lost interest by liquidating those demands
against her, by the transferring of United States
; six per cent, stock which she held, and on which
| she would have been continuously receiving inter-
j est but for the transfer.
! The construction given at the Department was
! such that, instead of allowing interest to the State
1 where she lost interest, they refused it, and only
i allowed her interest where she paid interest. And
j further, in making the calculations they adopted
i another course which is never allowed between
j individuals, and never tolerated by the United
! States where an individual is her debtor; that is
to say, when the payments were made by the
State of Maryland, they were first applied to the
principal. The interest due to the State of Mary-
land at the time of making the payments was set
aside as a thing not to be recognized at all, and
j the payments made were applied first to the prin-
I cipai, and after the principal was liquidated in that
1 way, then such interest as they recognized to be
] due (that is interest which the State had actually
: paid, not that which she had lost by a transfer of
| her interest-bearing funds,) was paid .as if it had
i been part of the principal. Thus, instead of apply-
' ing the payments, as is universally done in other
I cases, first to the liquidation of the interest due,
j and then to the reduction of the principal as far
\ as it would go, they adopted another principal
J which, as I have said, is violative of the law be-
tween individual and individual, contrary to the
J practice of the Government when the Government
1 has claims against an individual, and directly in
the teeth of the law as recognized in the decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United States. I
have not put it in the bill, but I have stated in the
report that the language of the rules which we
have prescribed for the payment of interest in this
case is precisely that which is used by theSupreme
Court of the United States in a very well known
case in 13 Peters. We have adopted the precise
language of those rules, and all we ask is that
the United States shall adopt, in regard to her
creditor, the State of Maryland, that rule which
she inexorably applies to her own debtors, and
which the authorities always enforce as between
individuals.
I know, sir, that some gentlemen think this
mattpr of interest is to be looked at very differ-
ently where the Government is the party to be
charged; but it is manifest that what the State of
Maryland is entitled to from the Government of
the United States is indemnity, full and perfect
indemnity. That cannot be given unless the State
be put in the same situation in which she would
have been if she had not incurred these debts on
account of the General Government. To do that,
to give her perfect indemnity, to place her in the
same situation in which she would have been if
she had not incurred these debts for the benefitof
the Government, it is necessary that she should
be allowed interest in cases where she has lost it,
and the rule of calculation should be that which I
have mentioned. It seemed to the committee to
be so perfectly equitable that they did not doubt
the Senate would confirm their decision.
I beg leave simply to add, in conclusion, in re-
gard to the payment of the interest, that, when
interest has been lost, the Government has recog- ■
nized the principle of paying it by the act of Jan-
uary, 1849. That was an act passed forthe relief
of the State of Alabama. Alabama had made
large advances for the benefit of the General Gov-
ernment, in the suppression of Creek hostilities,
and she had taken the money with which she
made these advances out of her State bank, thus
withdrawing so much from her active capital. In
that way she lost the interest, and the Government
of the United States, at the period I have men-
tioned, January, 1849, passed an act to pay in-
terest to the State of Alabama for the interest
which she had lost. This is a legislative sanction
of part of the principle of this bill. The sanction
for the rest I have already stated.
Mr. CASS. I do not exactly understand this
bill. I must confess, I do not see the difference
between paying a debt of $100,000 in a bond,
drawing interest, and paying it in cash. I think
the fact of paying a debt in a bond, drawing in-
terest at the time, does not change the matter at all.
