1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1527
Mr. PEARCE. Why, sir, I supposed that
principle would scarcely be disputed now, inas-
much as it has been solemnly recognized. I stated
that the State of Maryland borrowed money for
the benefit of the United States, and the United
States has acknowledged it. The State paid in-
terest on what she borrowed* up to a given time,
when she ceased to pay interest, but liquidated
the claims against her by transferring to her cred-
itors United States six per cent, stock.
Mr. BADGER, Which was a fund-bearing
interest.
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir; it was an interest-
bearing fund. What we ask is, that we shall be
put in the situation in which we should have been
if we had actually paid interest instead of losing
interest, and that the mode of calculation shall be
that which is usual in all other cases. Why, sir,
it is very easy to illustrate this matter. Suppose
$900,000 were due to the State of Maryland when
the first payment of $40,000 was made. Suppose
there was an accumulation of $40,000 of interest.
1 ask the Senator's attention, inasmuch as he ob-
jects to the bill.
Mr. CASS. I did not object. I merely raised
the question, and wished it explained.
Mr. PEARCE. Well, sir, here is the illustra-
tion: 1 say suppose that at the time the first pay-
ment was made by the United States to the State
of Maryland, the principal had been $200,000,
and the accumulation of interest §40,000; and sup-
pose the Government of the United makes a pay-
ment%f £40,000, what is the ordinary and proper
mode of applying that payment of $40,000? Un-
doubtedly to the liquidation of the interest due.
No such thing has been done here, but the ac-
counting officer applied the $40,000 to the re-
duction of the §200,000, theprincipal, so that the
interest ceased to be drawn upon1 the §200,000 of j
principal and was running on on the reduced !
amount of $160,000; and all the interest on the !
$40,000 was kept aside until the principal was !
liquidated by repeated payments, and then this i
Government paid such interest as it was willing i
to pay, such interest as the State of Maryland J
proved she had herself paid. I think that is per- j
fectly plain. 1 think it is perfectly plain too, that j
it is entirely unjust, and that it will not do to say !
that the State of Maryland is indemnified for her j
advances to the United States, when they thus |
refuse to apply the payment to the interest due >
to her, but thought proper to reduce the principal !
atthetimeof thatpayment. Between individuals 1
there could be no question about it.
Mr. CASS. I must confess I am not satisfied |
at all. If a man has a debt of $100,000 to pay, i
and he has $100,000 in cash in his strong box, or j
$100,000 in bonds or in bank stock, drawing ten i
per cent, interest, it is the same thing to him
whether he pays the debt in one or the other. It l
is the same thing to him and to his creditor. If1
he chooses to convert his bonds into money and ■
pay the debt in that way, very well. If he chooses
to invest $100,000 of cash in funds, he can do
that. But it seems to me that the mode in which
he makes the payment makes no difference to the
creditor. It strikes me that the interest stops at
the time he makes the payment, whether it be !
made in one species of funds or another. j
Mr. PEARCE. Well, Mr. President, if the
observation of the Senator has any significance i
which I can comprehend, it amounts to this, that :■
however the State of Maryland might have paid ^
off these advances which she had made to the
Government, however she might have paid the
debts which she incurred in order to make these
advances, she is entitled to interest, whether she
paid in infcerest-bearingfunds or in cash out of her >'
strong box. That, I think, is the fair deduction |
from what the Senator said. The fact is, the i-
Government has gone on the principle of not!'
paying interest except where the party making |i
advances to her has either paid interest or lost j:
interest. That is the general principle. i1
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator did not!1
understand me. I did not touch the question of j,
interest at all; I did not speak of how it should be i
paid. My difficulty is this: when a payment
was made, under the circumstances, by the State ;
of Maryland, no matter out of what funds it was i
made, the interest, it seems to me, should stop at
that point. She cannot get up and say, u I have
lost ten per cent., or fifteen per cent., or sixty
per cent, by transferring to the creditors interest
bonds which I held."
Mr. PEARCE. What payment does the Sen-
ator suppose was made?
Mr. CASS. 1 suppose Maryland paid the debt
due from her in six per cent, stocks, and claims
interest on account of losing the interest upon
that stock. If that is not the case, I misunder-
i stand it.
I Mr. PEARCE. The State of Maryland did
j pay debts which she had incurred on account of
} the General Government. First, she paid ii>ter-
I est for a series of years, and then she thought
proper to liquidate the whole. When she liqui-
i; dated it, she did it, not by a paymeut of money,
,, but by a transfer to her creditors of six percent.
!i stock which bore interest. Now, the principle
having been adopted by the Government of the
United States on various occasions, that it will not
pay interest except where a State has either paid
or lost interest, it was necessary for me to show
that the State of Maryland had lost interest. That
I have shown by proving that she had transferred
an interest-bearing fund.
Mr. CASS. And if she had $100,000 in her
strong box, and paid the debt off the next day in
cash, might she not be said to have lost interest
upon that?
Mr. PRATT. Would she not be entitled to
interest upon thnt?
Mr. CASS. ( do not touch that question.
Mr. PEARCE. The statement of the Senator
from Michigan may all be true. I am not vindi-
cating the propriety of the action of Congress
heretofore; but 1 say that Congress has decided
the principle over and over again that the United
States will not pay interest to a State, except
where that State either paid or lost interest.
Mr. CASS. I do not exactly understand what
the word " lost" means as there used.
Mr. PEARCE. That is the language of the
law as it is on our statute-books.
Mr. CASS. I was not aware of that.
Mr. PEARCE. The illustration which I have
given shows the meaning of the language. It
means that when a State has paid money, not out
of her strong box lying idle, but has paid away
an interest-bearing fund, that constitutes an equity
which entitles her to the indemnity which the
State of Maryland asks in this case.
Mr. PRATT. I do not suppose for a moment
that I can make the argument plainer than it has
been made by my honorable colleague, [Mr.
: Pearce,] but 1 think 1 can answer the objection
of the honorable Senator from Michigan.
The StateofMaryland, duringthe warofl812,
made certain advances to the Federal Government.
' This Government has recognized the obligation
to refund that money. Now, the Senator from
Michigan says he cannot see the difference between
the obligation of this Government to pay, if the |
State of Maryland at once paid in cash the debts !
incurred by that State in advancing the money, or j
i immediately paid them in stocks bearing interest, \
\ or deferred the payment for a number of years. !
! He can see no difference between the obligation of j
; the Government, whether the State paid interest 1
! on the debt for a number of years, and then paid j
; the principal, or at once paid the debt m cash, or |
m a stock paying her interest. I concede that he 1
is right. Hut here the United States concede the |
obligation to refund to the State the money ad-
vanced. Then if the State at the time paid the
money, she is entitled to interest from the Gov-
ernment. The course of the committee and
the argument of my honorable colleague have
proceeded out of the act of 1826, which provides '
that this Government should pay interest wherever
the State had paid interest. The Government i
has only paid to the State of Maryland the inter- |
est which the State showed she actually paid an- j
tecedent to the liquidation of the bonds which I
were given by the State for the obligations incurred j
by her on account of the Federal Government. •
Now, I submit to the honorable Senator from ;
Michigan, whether, if the State of Maryland :
had paid the money at once, the same obhga- i
tion would not have been imposed on the Fed- •
era! Government to pay interest on the amount j
so advanced as would have been imposed if the I
State had neglected to pay the principal, but had }
paid the interest on it for'a number of years, and !
then came to the Federal Government to refund s
that interest. She would have a right to do so, 1
and the position of the Federal Government would
not be changed one iota in either case.
The object of the committee, however, as I have
stated, was to bring; this claim of the State of Mary-
land exactly within £he principle of the act of
1826. That act expressly declares that the Fed-
eral Government shall refund to the State the in-
terest actually paid. Can there be ground for a
distinction between the obligation to refund interest
paid, and interest lost by the State? If the Slate
of Maryland, instead of holding these bonds and
leaving her indebtedness run on and paying the
interest on it until the Federal Government had
paid her, had transferred at once, for the purpose
I of liquidating the debt, the stock of the Federal
! Govei nment, bearing an interest of six per cent.,
| would not an obligation exist on the part of the
| Federal Government to return the six pereent.
thus lost by the State of Maryland? Is not that
this case?
My honorable colleague correctly stated the
principle. The broad principle recognized by this
Government is, that the Federal Government is
bound to indemnify a State, to give her full in-
demnity, In this cafe the State of Maryland has
not only lost the principal which she paid, but she
has lost the interest which she would Have received
on this stock of the Federal Government, which
she transferred for the purpose of liquidating the
debt acknowledged to be the debt of this Govern-
ment. I apprehend, then, there can be no diffi-
culty on the part of my honorable friend from
Michigan, or any other Senator in agreeing to the
passage of this bill.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I should like
to understand exactly the effect of the principle of
this hill before 1 vote on it. I do not know that
I'shall have any objection to it when I come to
understand it, but I wish to know what it is.
I consider that this matter of interest is purely
a conventional one, and that you may establish
any rule you please. It ought to be stable, it
ought to be certain, it ought to avoid the danger
of discretion, I grant. But if I rightly understand
the object of this bill, the effect of it will be to un-
settle the account of every State which has been
settled by this Government for any lapse of time
back. The mode in which interest has been cal-
culated has been adopted partly under various
laws of Congress authorizing the payment ofinter-
est to a State, i do not care in what manner the
interest was to be paid. It makes no difference to
me wh#ther it was to be paid in cases when the
State disposed of an interest-bearing stock, or
when she paid interest herself, and not in other
cases. That is immaterial to this question. Under
the laws of Congress providing that the accounts
of the States should be settled and they be indem-
nified and interest be paid to them, a certain
mode of settling their accounts has been adopted
at the Treasury Department; and that mode has
been carried through the account of every State
with which a settlement has been made by the
United States. I believe that mode has not hith-
erto been objected to by any State. The effect of
this bill, however, is to apply a different rule of set-
tlement in regard to the accounts of the State of
Maryland from any that has hitherto obtained.
The inevitable result is that if you changeitin
reference to the State of Maryland, every other
State will call upon you to do the same thing. In
other words, the object of this bill is to carry out
what is called the legal mode of settling interest
between debtor and creditor as individuals.
I do not think there is any incumbent pressure
upon this Government to adopt any of the analo-
gies between the transactions of individuals or the
transactions of a State government with an indi-
vidual. There is no analogy between thecasesin
other respects. In the case of an individual, the
debtor is always bound to seek his creditor, and
if he does not seek his creditor and pay hun
promptly, he is bound to puy interest until the
debt is discharged. In the case of a Government,
nobody ever heard of such a principle as that.
Nobody ever supposed that a Government was
bound to seek its creditor. The Government must
be sought by the creditor, and he has no right to
claim interest for his own neglect. Tfyere is a
great variety of other differences in the nature of
things between the rules which are to govern the
relations of a Government and its citizen, and
those which prevail between citizen and citizen.
Now, sir, unless very strong reasons are a§-
