1528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
signed to me why I should do this, I am not dis-
posed £o unsettle the accounts of all the States of
the Union with the Federal Government. They
have been adjusted on the principle of indemnify-
ing them. I am not willing thus to reopen them.
I am not willing to unsettle that mode in the case
of one State, (for it leads to the same thing in all
other cases,) unless very strong reasons are given
showing the necessity of the change. To justify
me in supporting it, I must have something more
than a technical rule of law as adopted by courts
between man and man, which requires a particular
mode to be pursued m the calculation of interest.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, the technical
rule of the courts as adopted between man and
man, is founded on the principles of justice, sheer
justice,; and if it is not, this Government is an ex-
tortioner; and it exacts from individuals wrongly
and meanly what it will be wrongful and mean in
it to deny to a sovereign State which has advanced
money for it, But, sir, it is not a mere techni-
cality. I do not put this claim upon the ground
of technicality; I put it upon the ground of indem-
nity. You cannot indemnify us, unless you pay
us what we have lost; ana you cannot pay us
what we have lost, unless you pay us according
to the principle of this bill.
It is said the Government must be sought.
Well, sir, this Government has been sought and
besought, for the last twenty-five years, but has
been ueaf to every call we have made. Some
years ago, I introduced a bill, proposing to settle
with all the States under similar circumstances,
not knowing- how many there were, or whether
there were any. 1 do not know that any State is
exactly in the condition of the State of Maryland.
1 do not know that any other State has liquidated
its debts, occasioned by such advances, by the
transfer of interest-bearing funds. [ do not know
but that they have liquidated oil those advances
out of the money lying idle in their Treasury, in
which cases the Government refuses to pay in-
terest. But, sir, I introduced a general bill pro-
viding for payment in all cases. I was then told
"let every tub stand on its own bottom." A
friend of mine, then a Senator from Alabama, a
gentleman whom I much respected while living,
and whom I honor now that he is dead, Mr. King,
introduced in 184H or 1849, a bill for the State of
Alabama, and asked me not to mingle that up
with the claim of Maryland; but to allow each
State to stand by itself, and to let his bill pass sep-
arately from everything else. 1 did so. «Now, I
introduce a bill separately for the payment of
Maryland, and I am told that it may open the
door for all other States that have similar claims.
What if itdoes ? It'other States have such claims,
they have just claims which this Government
ought to satisfy and adjust without regard to
money, if it took every dollar in the Treasury,
it ought to be done. It is no argument against a
claim that we open the door to large claims of the
same sort, if tho-ie claims are just in themselves.
Now, sir, it is clear that this Government has
not treated us with justice. It has refused to pay
the interest which we have lost. In the case of
the State of Alabama, the Government has paid
her interest when she lost it, not by the actual
transfer of an interest-bearing fund, in the nature
of Stocks of this Government held by her; but
when she took the money out of her State bank,
where it was active capital, on which interest was
being made. This was refunded on the principle
of indemnity. That is all we ask. N"o technical
notions of the right of the Government to be above
the rule of justice which applies between individ-
uals, and which is enforced by a State against in-
dividuals, can preclude us m the demand which
we make. I trust the Senate will pass the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. Sir, 1 never for a moment
meant to intimate, as an argument here, that, if
this claim were just, in the broad sense of justice,
of moral obligation to pay, this Government ought
not to pay to its last dollar, or to borrow for the
purpose of paying-, I admit that principle. But,
sir, I have said in this body, and I say it again,
(and, if it were not for the heat of the weather, I
would endeavor now to illustrate it, and I could
bring strong arguments in support of my view of
the question,) that the obligation imposed on a
Government, or on individuals, to pay interest is,
m myjudgment, a question merely of conventional
law. There is no question of moral obligation
involved in it. According to the principles of the
canon law, all interest was usury, and the taking
of it was absolutely forbidden, as an immoral
transaction. In the progress of this commercial
age, I am aware, courts and Legislatures have
been disposed to extend the rule as to the payment
of interest on money; but it is all conventional.
After all, there is no obligation to pay interest
beyond what the positive provision of law re-
quires. Such is my judgment. There are a variety
of cases in which it is never allowed now. This
is what 1 meant by speaking of a technical obli-
gation to pay interest.
Why, sir, in all the States of this Union there
is a great variety of rules as to whether debts bear
or do not bear interest. In some it is a question
partly left to the discretion of the jury. In others,
debts are said to bear interest per se. All these
things are the result of positive legislation in the
particular State in which the rule exists. The
general rule as regards Governments is, that they
do not pay interest. In my judgment, the wise
rule would be that they should never pay interest
except based on express agreement, not implied
contract. By adhering to this rule, we should
get rid of a great many difficult questions con-
nected with this matter. This was certainly the
doctrine of Mr. Jefferson, in the celebrated letter
which he wrote to Mr. Hammond, the British
Minister, that the obligation to pay interest was
founded upon express agreement. That is the
gist of the doctrine contained in the whole letter.
Then it comes to be a question, not of a moral
obligation to pay interest, but it is purely a ques-
tion of conventional law That is what I contend
for. According to the usage of this Government,
it has agreed to reimburse the States for the ex-
penditures made on its behalf; and m the settle-
ment of accounts in such cases, there has been a
practice in the Executive Department applied to
all the States of the Union. Now, I say I am not
prepared to vote for this bill, which will unsettle
that practice,and provideforanew mode of adjust-
ing the accounts, unless some strong reason is
given to me why the Government should alter its
whole course of practice.
I do not think there is any justice in this matter
at all; I speak of justice in the light of moral ob-
ligation. There always must be difficulties con-
nected with the allowance of interest. In many
cases it might be asked that the Government
should pay interest on interest. If you were to go
through the whole of these accounts, you would
easily see that might result from the alteration
now proposed to be made in the law. Yet there
is no question of justice about it. There are cases
in which men ought to pay interest on interest,
and in which men are made to pay interest on in-
terest, even in courts of equity, where there is
fraud on the part of the trustee, in annual or
semi-annual statements of accounts. The general
idea of the community, however, is, thatinterest
oninterestis an immoral transaction. Inmyview,
it is a question purely conventional altogether.
The question, whether interest, as well as the
I principal, should bear interest, is purely a con-
ventional question, dependent on positive law.
| There is no reason why it should not. There is no
I differencein point of justice between thetwo cases,
i When 1 owe a bond at the end of the year, and
j interest is due on it, there is no reason why, if I
. do not pay the interest when it is due, I should
i not pay interest on that interest as well as on the
principal. It is not a question of moral reason-
' ing; and I say there is no difference between the
two eases; and yet, probably there is not a State
; in this Union in which a contract to pay interest
i! on interest would not be invalid.
ij 1 mention this in order to show that the whole
j question of obligation to pay interest is a question
! of positive law altogether. As it is so, I am un-
j willing, on the application of a particular State, to
change the mode of computing interest, or to allow
interest in cases where it has heretofore been
refused. If I had time to look into this measure,
I I might think the principle on which it is based a
! wise one, though it does go to unsettle all the
State accounts which have been settled for years
| back. As yet, however, I have heard no sufficient
| reason for altering the established practice of the
I Government in reference to these accounts, as
I applied to the State of Maryland, which would
S necessarily lead to an alteration of the practice as
[ to the accounts of all other States similarly situ-
ated; for I believe it is not alleged in this case that
the officers of the Government, in settling the
accounts of the State of Maryland, departed from
the rule which has been established here in refer-
ence to interest. If there were any allegation
that they did not apply to this case the same
principles which they apply to all others similarly
situated, I should not hesitate to vote for the bill;
but no such allegation is made. The bill is based
simply on the fact that the practice of the Depart-
ment does not operate toallowinterestin the legal
mode which would be adopted in a court of justice
between man and man.
Why, sir, merchants vary on the subject of
interest. In the mercantile mode of stating inter-
est, they calculate it on both sides of the account.
The reasons for this could be given; but it is un-
necessary to go into them now. The legal mode,
I admit, is different. But the question now is,
whether you are to unsettle the established prac-
tice of the Government in th£ computation and
allowance of interest. Without very strong rea-
sons being given for it, I cannot agree to it. After
examination, I might be willing to yield my ob-
jections. I did not hear the first argument of the
honorable Senatorfrom Maryland, [Mr. Pearce.J
I should have to see a statement of the argument,
and understand the operation of the bill, before I
could make up my mind as to its propriety. But,
at any rate, I am unwilling to alter a general prac-
tice which has obtained without objection to this
day, unless some very potent reason be assigned
for it.
The bill was reported to the Senate ^ithout
amendment.
Mr. CHASE. I desire to ask a question of the
Senator from Maryland. If the State of Mary-
land had paid in money instead of in stock, would
the Government of the United States, under its
usage, have been bound to pay interest?
Mr. PEARCE. According to usage, it would
have refused to pay interest. It has paid no in-
terest when a State, having cash lying idle in its
vaults, paid out that.
Mr. CHASE. That is the point I wished to
to get at.
On the question of ordering the bill to be en-
grossed for a third reading, Mr. Bayard called
for the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to submit a single
question to the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Pearce.] I want to know precisely whether I
understand the grounds on which the claim rests.
If I understand it aright, if this bill be passed,
Maryland will receive from the General Govern-
ment just what she has advanced, with interest
thereon, liquidated according to the rules of law,
and no more?
Mr. PEARCE. No more.
Mr. HAMLIN. I shall vote for the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 36, nays 7; as follows:
Y"EAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Badger, Bell, Benjamin,
Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Clay, Clayton, Dixon, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Evans, Fessenden, Filzpatrick, Foot, Geyer,
Gillette, Cwin, Hamlin, Houston, Jones of Iowa, Jones of
Tennessee, Mallory, Mason, Norris, Pearce, Petut, Pratt,
Koekwell, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Thompson of Ken-
tucky, Toucey, and Wade—36.
NAVS—Messrs. Bayard, Bright, Cass, Chase, Dodge of
Iowa, Sumner, and Walker—7.
The bill was read a third time, and passed.
MEETING OF CONGRESS.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the bill from
the House to change the day for the annual as-
sembling of Congress. I want a test vote upon
that proposition.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. I certainly should
have no objection to the motion of tiie Senator
from Mississippi at another time; but I under-
stand the prior order of business is the motion to
refer the petition presented on Thursday last, by
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Rockwell]
praying for the repeal of the fugitive slave law.
Mr. GWIN. We can dispose of this bill in a
very short time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If I am right in
my impression, I ask that we may proceed to the
consideration of that subject.
Mr. MASON. I yielded the floor, at the time
I made the motion to take up the railroad bill, as
a courtesy to the honorable Senator from Mary-
land, (who is obliged to leave the city,) for the
purpose of allowing him to call up his bill. I
