1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1529
understood that I had the implied assent of the
Senate to take up the bill giving the right of way
across the Long Bridge to the Virginia railroad,
when the other bill was disposed of. I hope it
will be the pleasure of the Senate to take up that
bill now. I hope that the Senator from Missis-
sippi will allow us to do it.
Mr. ADAMS. I desire a test vote on the two
propositions. 1 understand the House wish to
have the sense of the Senate upon their proposi-
tion to meel? on the first Monday of November,
before they can advisedly determine upon the ad-
journment resolution. 1 therefore desire a test
vote between my proposition and that of the Sen-
ator from Virginia. It is wholly immaterial on
which the question is taken first. If one falls the
other will be made. As mine is before the Senate,
I desire a test vote upon it.
Mr. WALKER. I have no objection to takingup
the bill mentioned by the Senator from Mississippi,
or any other matter; but, sir, the subject which
was hurrying the Senate so much several weeks
ago seems now to be forgotten—1 allude to the mes-
sage of the President of the United States, vetoing
the indigent insane land bill. I believe it is the
special order. The morning hour has passed, and
I, for one, feel disposed to take it up so that we
may have the discussion upon it concluded within
some reasonable time. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Brodhead] got the floor upon it
some five days ago, but still the subject has been
postponed, if not by the positive action of the
Senate, by its negative action in refusing to take
it up. I insist, if it is in my power, upon the
special order.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask the Chair what
was the unfinished business of yesterday?
The PRESIDING OFFICER., (Mr. Bright in
the chair.) The special order of to-day is the
unfinished business of yesterday, which was a
motion to refer to the Committee on the Judiciary a
petition praying for the repeal of the fugitive slave
law; but the Senator from Mississippi moves to
postpone the prior order of business for the pur-
pose of taking up the bill from the House
changing the day for the annual assembling of
Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest that the memorial
from the citizens of Boston be taken up and acted
upon. There are Senators here, doubtless, who
desire to express their views upon it. I have
something further to say myself. I think we had
better proceed with it to-day.
Mr. BAYARD. I have but a single objection
to the motion of the Senator from Mississippi.
I shall be compelled to vote against the House
bill for convening Congress on the first Monday
in November, if we consider it before the House
act upon our amendment to their resolution in
reference to the adjournment. The object of
the bill is to lengthen one -session and shorten
the other, and 1 am free to say that I am unwill-
ing to lengthen the short session unless I see a
positive disposition on the part of the coordinate
branch of the legislature to shorten the long ses-
sion. Tf they will pass the resolution adjourning
on the -17th of July, I am willing to vote to take
the bill up; but I do not want to give my vote on
it now, for if I do, I shall have to vote against it,
though I should otherwise be for it. I wish the
adjournment resolution disposed of first.
Mr. GWIN. I suggest to the Senator from
Delaware that they cannot reach that resolution
in the House. I have no doubt that if we pass this
bill they will take it up and act upon it, and meet
the views of the Senate in regard to the adjourn-
ment, leaving out the recess.
Mr. BAYARD. I only state that if it is taken
up now, 1 must vote against the bill.
Mr. GWIN. I do not desire to interfere with
the Senator from Kentucky, who has the floor on
the petition from Massachusetts. If he wishes
to go on, 1 have nothing further to say, but if he
does not, I wish to press this question.
Mr. DIXON. I desire to submit to the Senate
some remarks on the question which the memorial
brings before its consideration, but if the bill which
the Senator from Mississippi moves to take upcan
be disposed of in a very few minutes, I am willing
to wait. . .
Mr. ADAMS. I think we can dispose of it m
a very few minutes. Every man has made up his
mind.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will give way we
can easily have a test vote whether the Senate is
disposed to take it up or not. I would not inter-
fere with the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
but it is perfectly notorious that the question on
which he is to speak is one of no practical benefit
to the Senate or the country. It is a mere
wasting of the time of the Senate, but the question
about adjourning at an early day is a practical
question. I ask the yeas and nays on the motion
to take up the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. Adams's motion was agreed to by a vote,
on a division, of ayes 22, noes 15.
The bill was accordingly read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to appoint the first Monday in No-
vember as the day for the annual assembling of
Congress.
Mr. WALKER. I move to strike out " No-
vember," and insert "October."
Mr. BAYARD. Under the circumstances, I
shall vote both against the amendment and the bill
as it came from the House, and for this reason:
We have made an amendment to the House reso-
lution for adjournment, in which we gave to them
the guarantee of what our views were, viz: that
we would adjourn from the 17th day of -July to
the third Monday in October. It was passed by
a decided vote. The House of Representatives,
therefore, have the evidence that the Senate is
willing to prolong the next session of Congress
by way of a recess—for it amounts to the same
thing practically—that it is willing to throw in
connection with the next session, a period of time
abstracted now from the hot summer months.
We have sent that resolution; there it lies. In
place of acting upon it, they have sent to us a bill
to lengthen the short session of Congress. They
have an indication of what the view of the Senate
is, but we have not got theirs; and, in my belief,
you may pass this bill and have the present ses-
sion extended as far as the 20th of September.
If, therefore, the bill is pressed now, I shall vote
against it.
Mr. F1TZPATR1CK. I am opposed both to
the bill and the amendment. Now, sir, the meeting
of Congress is on the day fixed by the Constitu-
tion. 1 believe the day on which we now meet
has been settled since 1787. From 1787 to the
present time there has rarely been an attempt to
change it. There was an effort made to limit the
long session, and to equalize the two sessions; but
it was vetoed by President Jackson, on the ground
that there was a want of constitutional power; and
from 1787 up to the present, the first Monday in
December has remained the day for the assembling
of Congress. We have passed through many
exciting scenes since that lime. We have had the
war of 1812, the war with Mexico, and all the
political wars which have been fought in both
Houses of Congress; and now, in a state of pro-
found peace, and when all the legislation of the
country hss been made m reference to the meet-
ing of Congress, we are called upon to change the
day from the first Monday in December to the
first Monday in October, to suit the views of some,
and to the first Monday in November to meet the
views of others.
I would inquire what great pressing necessity
exists for this change: Has there been any call
throughout the country for a change of the day of
meeting of Congress > Are there at this time more
absorbing subjects demanding its early assembling,
and the lengthening of the session, than have
existed at various periods for about sixty-seven
years ? If there are, they have escaped my obser-
vation. With regard to the section of country
where I live, I have read pretty much all the pub-
lic prints, and I have an extensive correspondence
from that quarter; but I have not noticed that a
word has been said about changing the clay of the
meeting of Congress. I read the prints from other
portions of the Union, which generally afford in-
formation from other sections, but not a whisper
have I heard of the wish that Congress should
assemble earlier? What is the pressing necessity
for it? It seems to me that before Congress, in
this hurried way, undertakes to establish an inno-
vation upon a usage sanctified by the length of
time which it has existed, the country should call
for it. If the public interests demanded it at the
hands of their representatives, 1 sh®uld not hesi-
tate to yield to that demand.
Sir, the legislation in several of the States is
made in reference to the time now fixed by law for
the assembling of Congress; and by the proposed
change you will unhinge the legislation of a large
number of the States of the Union. My own Le-
gislature assembles a week after the day proposed
for the meeting of Congress. This change would
be unexpected to my State, and I may say the same
thing of Mississippi, and perhaps of Louisiana.
The population of Alabama ranges from the sea-
coast to the mountains, and the representatives of
a population thus situated cannot be expected to
meet a day earlier than the second Monday in
November. Those from the higher latitudes in
my State, I feel assured, would be unwilling to go
south at an earlier period than that, as they would
have to do to get to the seat of Government. It
has been the custom of the State which I have the
honor in part to represent, never to elect her Sena-
tors so long in advance as two years; and the
proposed change would deprive Alabama of a
Senator at the commencement of the next Con-
gress, or subject her to the onerous expense of a
called session.
It seems to me that this matter has not received
the due reflection which it should have received;
and allow me to say to Senators from other por-
tions of the country, that the bill, in its operation,
will absolutely exclude every Senator and mem-
ber of the House of Representatives who attends
here from his right to vote at ihe election for
President and'Vice President of the United States;
for we shall have to be here attending to our
public duties when that election comes off, on the
first Tuesday after the first Monday in November,
in every State throughout the Union, which is a
period after the time proposed for the meeting of
Congress. Have Senators thought of this fact—
that at every second Congress, the public men
will be withdrawn to attend to their public duties
here at that time, and will not be permitted to
I1 exercise the right of voting at the election of those
officers? It may be said that we may modify the
law in regard to the time of their election. That
is true; but it only comes to what I have before said,
that we shall, by this legislation, derange every-
thing; and we shall have to go to a new system
of legislation. We shall have not only to do that,
but I will venture to say, that if the modification
takes place, if the bill becomes a law, you will
find that it will derange a large portion of the
legislation of the country. I know it cannot be
otherwise, and it would be onerous on a large
portion of the public men of the country.
For a large number of members, whether en-
gaged in professional or agricultural pursuits in
the country where I live, October and November
are busy months. I know that to be a fact in
several of the States. It is true of Louisiana; it
is true of Texas, and of many other States. It is
a busy season with the planter in my own State;
it is a season which engages the attention of the
professional man. Adopt this amendment, and,
as far as the agricultural interests are concerned,
we could neither sow nor reap, nor gather our
crops; and it will be conceded that public men,
as well as those in private life, should not be un-
mindful of their private interests, especially when
they can obtain spare time from their public duties.
There are many other arguments which I could
urge against the proposed change; but I did not
rise for the purpose of engaging in an extended
discussion on this question. I, however, have
deemed it due to myself, and those I have the
honor in part to represent, to submit the views to
which I have given utterance against the passage
of this bill.
Mr. GWIN. 1 do not intend to consume the
time of the Senate in the discussion of this ques-
tion. I think it commends itself to every mem-
ber of the body, except those who are interested
in not meeting at the period designated. It seems
to be a very inconvenient time to some members of
the Senate. Itis a very inconvenient time to me as
it stands. I cannot vote at the presidential election
now. I am as anxious as the Senator from Ala-
bama to vote, but I shall never be able to do it,
until the mode of communication be changed.
When the great national railroad shall have been
built, I hope to be able to leave California after the
election, and be herein time for the assembling of
Congress; but I cannot do so now.
As to deranging the order of business, what is
the order of business now? We commence on
the first Monday in December of the short session
