1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1531
extremely loth to see Congress in session while
the presidential election was going on. One of
two things would result, either there would be no
quorum, or those members who might be present
would not only be deprived of the elective fran-
chise, but they would also be deprived of that in-
fluence which we may fairly consider that gentle-
men, elected by their constituents to seats in
Congress, exercise at home; and besides, sir, it
may not, perhaps, be improper to advert to the
fact that nothing would be more fearful, and more
to be deplored, than the schemes of corruption
which would take place in case Congress was in
session while the election was going on, giving
room for the formation of cliques which are at all
times detrimental to the morals of the public, and
to the public interest.
If you change the time of meeting of Congress
for the mere purpose of adding one month to the
beginning of each session,you do it at the expense,
1 think, of something like twenty extra sessions—
no, not twenty, but about sixteen—which would
  be required to be held m the different States of the
Union. What is the cost to a State of an extra
session of the Legislature? I do not know what
it may be elsewhere, but in my State, I doubt
whether it could be held for less than fifty or sixty
thousand dollars. What is to be gained by this
change? What is the gieat object which we are
all to gain? Gentlemen who have had long expe-
rience on this floor, assure us—and I believe we
all know the assurance to be well founded—that
more business is done at the short session than at
the long one. We are busy during the entire du-
ration of the long session, making speeches to the
country—not in conducting the legislation of Con-
gress, not in passing laws, but, as my friend from
Georgia said the other day, in writing essays
upon political subjects, and putting them forth to
the country. It is perfectly easy for us to write
an essay at home, and address it to our constitu-
ents. If that is all we are here for, we could do
it at a great saving, at a great economy, in the ex-
penditure of the public money.
There are some other objections to this matter
which have been touched upon by other gentle-
men. Upon the whole, it seems to me that no
one benefit which gentlemen expect to derive from
it will be obtained. Thesessions of Congress will
not be shortened. We shall add, to a certainty,
two months to the beginning of the two sessions.
It is a matter extremely problematical whether we
shall cut off a single week from the end of the long
session. We shall throw the legislation of the whole
southern country into confusion. We shall have,
at the beginning of every session, barely a quorum.
A large number of the Senators and Representa-
tives from the South will be absent. And we shall
impose a vast additional expense upon the whole
of the southern States. 1 trust gentlemen will
not insist upon the passage of the bill, or, at all
events, that the vote will not be taken until we
can have a fuller delegation than at present.
Mr. BADGER. I am in favor of passing the
bill as it came from the House of Representatives.
If I could gratify my own personal wishes, irre-
spective of other considerations, I should be for
the proposition of my friend from Illinois; but the
House has sent us a bill providing for the meet-
ing of Congress on the first Monday in November
instead of the first Monday in December. I wish
to risk nothing as to the fate of that measure by
incorporating any amendment upon it. I am in
favor of securing what I consider a great deside-
ratum—an earlier day for the meetingof Congress,
with a view to its effect first upon the short, and,
secondly, upon the long sessions of Congress.
Every one who has been a member of either
House of Congress, knows the inconvenience
which results from the meeting of the body on
the first Monday in December. The time is so
short until the Christmas holidays, that no busi-
ness of general importance is ever done until after
the 1st of January; and we have then but two
months in the short session left in which to con-
sider, or to put by without consideration, every im-
portant subject which engages our attention, with
the exception of the appropriation hills. Those
we cannot put by, because the carrying on of the
Government requires that they should be passed;
the payment of our own compensation for attend-
ance here requires that they should be passed.
They are passed. How? They are thrust into
the last two or three days of the session without
any opportunity for an adequate consideration,
and are passed in the dark, passed by a blind con-
fidence.
Then, with regard to the long sessions, we meet
here m December. Business is accumulated upon
us, which we must dispatch. Then we are kept
here during the hot and exciting summer months.
Cui bono? Who is benefited by it? Nobody; not
the country, not ourselves. What do we gam by
it? Everybody realizes that it would be an ex-
ceeding improvement in the system of congres-
sional legislation, if a month or six weeks could
be added to the short session, for, by that pro-
cess, we could more nearly approach an equaliza-
tion of the two sessions of Congress. What
reason is there why we should not try and see if
what everybody ailmits to he desirable in itself,
cannot be accomplished ? if it shall turn out that
we do not shorten the long sessions by this pro-
cess; if it shall turn out that we do not, m a better
manner, satisfactory to ourselves, accomplish the
transaction of the business at the short session,
we can go back to the day fixed by the Constitu-
tion, and submit to an inconvenience, which, by
experiment, we have found, and, so far, everybody
has felt, to be an inconvenience. No attempt at
remedying it has ever been applied. Once Con-
gress endeavored, during the administration of
General Jackson, to fix an earlier day for the
meeting of Congress; but they undertook, also,
to fix, by law, the period of adjournment, and the
President vetoed the bill, and vetoed it properly,
because that provision was in plain violation of
the Constitution.
Therefore, Mr. President, I am in favor of an
earlier day for our meeting. The House has indi-
cated to us that they are willing to take the first
Monday in November. I should be willing to
take an earlier day, but I have to take them at
their word. What is the inconvenience? My
friend from Louisiana has mentioned the difficulty
that arises m regard to the southern delegation.
Why, sir, I think he is unjust to the southern del-
egation; 1 think he is unjust to himsell, when he
supposes that they will not have a sense of duty
enough to bring them to the seat of government
at whatever tune it may be their duty to come.
For one, sir, if I may be considered as belonging
to the category of southern representatives, unless
in case of death or illness, i shall be, as I have
ever been, here at the time appointed for the meet-
ing of Congress. So will the others. My friend
talks about the difficulty that the elections are not
held until November, and that the States would
have to alter the time of holding (he elections. He
says that the States have regulated the time of
holding their elections according to the meeting of
Congress. What a strange argument is this !
However mischievous, or however inconvenient 1
should say, it may be found, the time appointed
by the Constitution for the meeting of Congress,
according to this argument, we never can alter.
Why ? The States have fixed the day on which
elections are to be held in them respectively with
a view to the meeting of Congress on the first
Monday in December ! Select any day that you
please, and you will interfere with some of the
arrangements of some of the States. What is to
be done? Fix upon a day, and let the State Le-
gislatures regulate the time of holding the elections
accordingly.
My friend from Louisiana says that formerly
they held their elections m his State in the summer,
but they found that it disfranchised a large portion
of the citizens. Very well, let them vote in the
spring, and they will avoid ail the inconveniences
he has mentioned, and will also select a season of
the year when every citizen of Louisiana will be
in his place and exercise his elective franchise.
I declare to you, Mr. President, I do not see any
reasonable objection to the bill sent to us by the
House. Let us try the experiment. Let us see
if we cannot have one session of four months and
another of five or six months, instead of a brief
session of three months', in which all is hurry and
confusion, and when we necessarily break up as
it were in a rout, and then a long, tedious, weari-
some, protracted session extending to the summer
solstice, fn which everybody is broken down in
mind and almost in body—a session extending to
the length of nine months of the year? Let us
see if something cannot be done to equalize them.
In connection with this subject, my friend from
Illinois has submitted a proposed joint rule—for
which I am inclined to vote—to the effect that
unless either House shall otherwise determine the
long session, as we call it, the fi rst session of Con-
gress shall be closed by an adjournment by the
Presiding Officers of the two Houses, in the
month of May. Let us try it. It is said by
gentlemen that it is the same thing in its operation
as fixing upon a time of adjournment at each ses-
sion by a joint resolution between the two Houses
Mr. President, this is a mistake, and, in my opin-
ion, a great mistake. It is one thing for the two
Houses to agreff'upon a day to terminate the ses-
sion; and it is another, and very different thing
for one of the Houses to repudiate by vote a day
fixed by a joint rule of the two Houses for that
purpose, and 1 have no doubt that unless there be
something extraordinary in the condition of the
business before Congress, as an ordinary thing,
under the operation of that joint rule, the Houses
would regularly adjourn on the day named. At
all events we suffer under an inconvenience. We
have suffered under it from the commencement of
the Government. We suffer und,er it more and
more every year. Let us make an attempt to
relieve ourselves from it. If we can, we shall
have succeeded in a very desirable object. If we
cannot we shall have but to fall back upon an
inconvenience which we have honestly tried to
get rid of, and found by experiment we are obliged
to submit to; and, therefore, we shall have to en-
dure with patience what we cannot get rid of.
Mr. STUART. 1 shall not discuss this ques-
tion at length, but I think, sir, it is one of those
cases that will be found, upon examination, to
multiply in difficulties. The more it is exam-
ined the more will the evils increase that fre anti-
cipated. And, sir, it seems to me we might in-
quire for what object this is proposed? One
would suppose, by the argument of the Senator
from North Carolina, that it was a matter of no
possible consequence at all how much difficulty
was, by an actof Congress, fixed upon the States.
The Senator treats it as a matter of no considera-
tion that the States may be compelled to change
the time of holding their elections. He says that
if they find it inconvenient to hold their elections
in the fall, they can call their Legislatures to-
gether and fix a day in the spring, and if that
should turn out to be inconvenient they could
change it again I suppose. For what object? I
wish emphatically to ask that question—for what
great object? To accommodate what is to-day
supposed to be the convenience of members of
Congress. That is all, sir.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator will allow me
to say that 1 advocate it for no mere personal p.on-
venienceof mine. Personally, I care little whether
we meet in October, November, or December. I
shall be here at whichever time is fixed.
Mr. STUART. So far as 1 have heard from
Senators on the floor it is an inconvenience,
greater or less, toevery gentleman who has spoken.
He admits that it is inconvenient to him person-
ally; he admits that it is an inconvenience to the
State he repiesents; and I say if there be no object
in it, of course it should not be passed. So far as
I can understand any assignable object, it is to
consult the convenience of members of Congress.
Now, sir, suppose we could succeed in passing a
law which consulted the convenience of this Con-
gress, is there any guarantee that it will consult
the convenience of the next? If, therefore, the
Legislatures of the respective States should be
compelled to change their laws to suit this Con-
gress, \ery likely the next would be entirely dis-
satisfied, and change again. Sir, the argument
submitted by the Senator from Louisiana is unan-
swerable; that at every other Congress, under the
law fixing the time of election of President and Vice
President, you would be compelled to be at home
on the fiist Tuesday after the first Monday m
November, or else lose the right of suffrage.
I consider that a less evil, however, than that
which will fall upon the States, the annual elec-
tions of which take place on the first Tuesday in
November. The whole domestic policy of the
State is made to depend upon the -vote of that
year; and, sir, I apprehend that there is no mem-
ber of Congress who forgets or disregards the
policy of his State at home, or is inclined to dis-
franchise himself, or lose all participation in fash-
ioning its laws.
I wish to introduce an argument which was in-
troduced by the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douu-
