1532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
las] before, and reiterated to-day by the Senator
from North Carolina, for the purpose of showing,
as I think, that it is utterly without foundation.
It is conceded by both those Senators, that the
veto of General Jackson, on a former bill, was
well founded, because one Congress does not pos-
sess the power to determine when the next one
shall adjourn at the long session. It is conceded
that we have not that power; but, how is it
sought to get over the difficulty ? By a joint rule
of the two Houses. Now, I will atk any consti-
tutional lawyer, any gentleman who claims re-
spect for his opinions, if he contends that the two
Houses of Congress can do, by joint rule, what
the Constitution prohibits both Houses and the
President from doing by law? I apprehend there
is no gentleman who will hazard his reputation
by venturing any such opinion as that.
Mr. BADGER. If the Senator wants that
question answered, 1 will answer it by saying
that, by a joint resolution or joint order, we every
year fix a day when Congress shall adjourn,
which cannot be fixed by law.
Mr. STUART. That is an answer which will
not meet the argument. We are not denying but
that, by a joint resolution, we can fix the time
when this Congress shall adjourn; but the object
sought to be effected by the Senator from Illinois,
and that just advocated by the Senator from North
Carolina, is by a joint rule, to fix the time when
the next Congress shall adjourn.
Mr. BADGER. Unless either House disa-
grees to it.
Mr. STUART. I will show, if Senators will
indulge me one moment, that that is utterly im-
practicable for that purpose. Every joint rule
expires with the Congress.
Mr. BADGER. Oh, no.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir, a joint rule of this
Congress expires with this Congress.
Mr. BADGER. We did not readopt at the
beginning of this session our joint rules. The
joint rules of the two Houses of Congress are
permanent. The Senator is entirely mistaken.
Mr. STUART. They are permanent for this
reason: that at every meeting of the House of
Representatives a motion is made and agreed to
that the rules of the last Congress be the rules of
this until otherwise ordered.
Mr. BADGER. Not the joint rules, the rules
of the House.
Mr. STUART. But I say again, this Con-
gress cannot pass a joint rule which can control
the next Congress. ' It expires with the Congress,
and if it remains, it only remains by toleration,
and not by force. Why, Mr. President, isitad-
mitted that it is not in the power of Congress by
law, to fix a time when the next Congress at its
first session shall adjourn ? and yet is it contended
that it is in the power of the two Houses by a
joint rule to do it; that the Constitution can be
made to fall before a joint rule. That cannot be
contended for, for one moment. What is the con-
sequence of this? It is, as Senators have said,
that we shall only add to the commencement of
the session without taking anything from its close.
Experience has been appealed to. It has been but
a few years since it was customary to adjourn in
June. It is but a very few years back that Con-
gress sat'later than June. Why is it that it is
now continued until September? We can ask
that question of .ourselves. It is only because we
do not wish to close the session any sooner. The
honorable Senator from North Carolina, as well
as every other Senator, has answered the argu-
ment by saying that all the business of each ses-
sion is crowded into the last few days, and is then
done or not done at all. Suppose we crowded it
into the first days of the session. It is equally
within our power to do it. It could be done. If
there be objections to sitting here in the warm
weather, those objections are relievable and re-
movable by ourselves, by just setting to work and
doing the business, and adjourning before the hot
weather. But Congress is not inclined to do it.
There is not a Senator or Representative who is
in a hurry to do the business. All are ready to
put it off until a later day, until the close of the
session; and the consequence is, that, at the last
end of the nine months it is as true as at the last
end of the short eession of three months, that the
appropriation bills go through the two Houses on
the last nights of the session; and if it was nine-
teen months, I should not hope to see it changed.
Wherefore, then, I repeat—becauselam not dis-
posed to consume the time of the Senate—wherefore
fix upon ourselves, individually, as members of
the respective States, cherishing the right of fran-
chise, wherefore fix upon the States thepiselves,
so great an inconvenience as everybody admits is
to grow out of this, for the mere purpose of an
experiment. It seems to me it should not be
adopted, unless the good to be obtained can clearly
be seen to be paramount. It is a subject upon
which I humbly submit there should be no exper-
iment. It should appearclear in the minds of the
Senate before they pass this bill, thatitwill remedy
the evils that are now complained of. Of all the
subjects that can be brought before this body, I
respectfully submit it is the last one that ought to
be experimented on.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to state simply the
reasons which operate on my mind, as 1 appre-
hend that, if they are equally potential with
other Senators they will of course have the same
effect. The other day I voted for a joint resolu-
tion to adjourn the present Congress from the 17th
of July, to the 16th of October. I am willing to
agree to that now. The present Congress and
each succeeding Congress will have the power to
adopt such a resolution. Is not that much better
than to pass a law by which we shall compel all
subsequent Congresses, no matter whether the
exigences of the public service require it or not,
to meet upon an earlier day ? Here we are now
in the month of June. We know that we have
many important bills which the short session will
not give us an opportunity of acting upon. This
Congress has the power, without any public in-
convenience, to determine whether we shall meet
after a recess, at any day on which the public
business in our judgment may require us to meet,
and that produces no evil. Is it not better, there-
fore, to leave to our successors the same oppor-
tunity, when they shall find as we do now, the
necessity—looking to the public business—to meet
at an earlier day, so to do ? The House may or
may not act upon the amendment to their joint
resolution sent to them. It is for them to act and
decide whether in their judgment the public busi-
ness will require at this session an earlier meeting
than the usual day of assembling at the short
session.
Now, I come to the reason which will apply-
to all the States, the sessions of whose Legislature
are biennial. In Maryland, if this law be passed,
it fixes not only for the next session, but for the
sessions afterwards, that the meeting shall be in
November. The Legislature of Maryland is not
elected until the first Wednesday in November,
which is, I believe after the day proposed for the
meeting of Congress under the bill. The result
will be that Maryland must either be unrepre-
sented here at the meeting of Congress after the
next session, or the Executive must call together
the Legislature at the expense of some §60,000.
That is the result in reference to Maryland. The
same result must occur in reference to every State
the sessions of whose Legislature are biennial,
unless the election takes place prior to the first
Monday in November. Is it worth while (when,
already, without any inconvenience, either Con-
gress will have the power of meeting before the
short session, at an earlier day by a joint resolu-
tion, when they find the public business requires
it) to subject the States, the sessions of the Legis-
latures of which are biennial, to this expense of
$60,000 or §70,000, for the purpose of putting that
in the shape of a law which we have the power to
do now without inconvenience ?
Mr. President, with this view I shall be com-
pelled to vote against the bill. At the same time,
I beg leave to suggest that I can see the importance
of meeting here, after a recess, earlier than De-
cember. The bill of my honorable friend from
California [Mr. Gwra] is one which the exigen-
cies of the country require we should act upon;
and I hope the other House of Congress will fix
for the next session an earlier day of meeting,
and agree to the amendment which we have sent
to them.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I feel, certainly, very little
interest in this bill. When I proposed that Con-
gress should meet on the first Monday in October,
it did not occur to me that there would be any
serious inconvenience resulting from it. I think
those that have been stated are more imaginary
than real; but still I should press the bill with
J some earnestness if I thought we could fix upon
j October instead of November. I am satisfied that
1 we have to take the bill with the first Monday in
1 November, or lose it; and, therefore, I shall vote
for it.
Most of the objections that have been urged to
our meeting in November relate to the inconve-
niences that would exist rather in the House of
Representatives than in this body. Inasmuch as
this is a House bill, passed by iiat body first, I
think it more respectful to them to leave them to
judge for themselves of the inconvenience attend-
ing their action than for us to amend it out of
kindness to them, because we know better what
they want than they do. In that point of view, I
shall vote to concur in the bill which the House
has sent us.
In regard to another point that has been raised
in the discussion, I have a word to say. I sub-
mitted some time ago a proposition to add a new
rule to the joint rules of the two Houses, to direct
the Presiding Officers to adjourn their respective
1 bodies on the first Monday in May at the long
session, unless each House should otherwise or-
der and direct. Although that proposition is not
now before the body, it has been discussed in
connection with this bill, and properly so, because
it relates to the same subject, and is intended to
remedy the same class of evils. I do not see the
force of the objection that has been urged by the
Senators from Texas and Michigan against that
rule. The Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk]
seemed to suppose that it was not competent un-
der the Constitution to fix the adjournment by a
rule of the two Houses, inasmuch as the Consti-
tution has provided that each House shall agree
upon the time of adjournment, and each may act
for itself. I must remind that Senator that the
only mode by which the two Houses can agree is
by a vote of the one concurred in by the other.
It then becomes a joint order of the two Houses,
made in advance, and it becomes imperative upon
the Presiding Officers of each, when the hour of
the day fixed upon arrives to adjourn the two
bodies. ,
Mr. RUSK. I desire to ask the Senator wheth-
er the action of this Congress fixing the time at
which the first session of the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress should adjourn, would be of binding force?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I can answer that very easily.
The Senator would have got an answer to it by
reading the proposition that he made his speech
against, instead of making his speech against it
without reading it. The proposed joint rule is 'to
the effect that, unless either House shall otherwise
order or direct, the Presiding Officers shall adjourn
them on the first Monday m May. That pre-
serves to each branch the absolute control of its
own proceedings. Either may otherwise order;
either may fix another time. If they do not, they
will adjourn on that day; if they do, they will
adjourn on such other day as they maybe able to
agree upon in the mode prescribed by the Consti-
tution.
Whether this joint rule will bind another Con-
gress or not, I say according to our proceedings,
and our usages, that when we adopt a rule it re-
mains a rule until repealed. In the House of
Representatives it is usual, at the meeting of each
Congress, to pass an order that the rules of the
previous Congress be adopted for the government
of it until otherwise ordered. While that is the
usage in the House of Representatives, there is no
such usage here. When we meet here on the first
Monday in December of each year, we come to-
gether with the rules in force. Taking it for
granted that they are in force until repealed, we
do not readopt them; they continue from year to
year the rules of the Senate or the rules of the two
Houses, as the case may be, until otherwise or-
dered. Then this joint rule once adopted, stands
upon the record as the joint order of the two
Houses, fixing the day of adjournment on the first
Monday in May, unless one House or the other
shall otherwise order. The objection of the Sena-
tor from Michigan, I apprehend will not be found
tenable when you look into it. He raises the
point that our rules cease at the end of each Con-
gress. He finds himself mistaken when he comes
to inquire into that fact. It is not so; but even if
it were so it would not change the result, for in
the House of Representatives the order univer-
sally is that the rules remain until changed. That
would continue this joint rule with all others.
