1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1533
Therefore it is utterly immaterial whether the rule
expires once in two years or not, because the
formal order entered in the House to continue the
rules until otherwise ordered would continue this.
It would lead to the same result as if they re-
mained permanent.
But, the Senator from Michigan has made a
discovery, and he has amused himself exceed-
ingly by it. That discovery is, that you cannot
fix an adjournment by a joint rule, when it is un-
constitutional to do it by law; and he wishes to
know how it is you can do a thing by a joint rule
that you cannot do by law. He holds it up as a
discovery that is to amaze the world, that any-
body thought that it could be done. My answer
is, you are to do it by a joint rule, for the very
reason that you cannot do it by law. There are
certain things that are to be done by law, and those
things must be done by law, and in that mode only.
There are certain other things which cannot be
done by law, but may be done by one House.
There are certain other things that may be done
by the other House, and cannot be done by law.
There are other things that can be done by the
two Houses jointly, but cannot be done by law.
Each of these things must be done in the mode
prescribed by the Constitution. The adjournment
is to be made by the agreementof the two Houses,
in case they are able to agree; but if they are not
able to agree they are to be adjourned by the Pres-
ident. The objection then, to fixing the adjourn-
ment by law is that you have no right to call in the
assistance of the Executive to secure an adjourn-
ment until a failure to agree between the two
Houses. General Jackson vetoed the bill fixing
a day of adjournment for the reason that Congress
had nottried to fix a day, and had not come to a
disagreement before the President was called upon
to decide. He vetoed it upon that ground, and I
think properly, but in this case, we propose by
an order of each House, to fix the day when we
shall adjourn. That is precisely what we do now.
The two Houses have been at work two or three
weeks trying to agree upon a day when the Pre-
siding Officers shall adjourn them. When we
effect that agreement by passing a resolution in
one and having it concurred in in the other, it
becomes a joint order with the same effect that a
joint rule of the two Houses would have.
I think, when we come to look at it, there is no
constitutional difficulty in the way of a joint rule
for adjournment. Your resolution, when it is !
agreed to, fixing a day now is a joint rule, a joint
order, only it expires with the session. Why
could we not make it one of the joint rules as we
do other rules until we find it necessary to alter
it' •
Formerly, at the expiration of the long session
of Congress, all business pending before it, and
not acted upon, became void. We passed a reso-
lution, a few years ago, that upon the expiration
of the first session, the unfinished business should
be transferred to the next session in the same
order and condition in which it stood in each
House on the day of adjournment. That joint
rule stands from session to session. I believe it
has not been renewed from the time it was first
adopted. It has not expired yet. Probably that
will never expire as long as the Government lasts,
because it is found to work well. So it will be
with this joint rule. I twill remain until repealed;
and the question is then, what will be its effect on
our adjournment? I say that if we meet under
the joint rule, with it upon the record, that we are
to adjourn on a given day, say in May, we shall
act up to that rule; and the consequence will be
that we shall adjourn on that day, unless sufficient
reasons occur just at the time of adjournment for
prolonging the session. I have no idea that such
a reason would occur once in ten years- I believe
it would be as imperative in its results as a law
would be, if we had power to pass a law on such
a subject. For that reason I deem it important
that we should fix the day of adjournment by a
joint rule, whether we change the time of meeting
or not; for whatever may become of the bill from
the House fixing the first Monday in November
' for the meeting, I intend to press to a vote the
joint rule by which we shall determine the time of
adjournment of the long session. If we meet in
November, I shall urge the joint rule in the shape
in which I have offered it, to adjourn on the first
Monday in May. If we do not meet till Decem-
ber, I shall modify it to adjourn on the first Mon-
day in June in the long session. I shall ask the
vote of the Senate on that rule, after the vote has
been taken on the bill.
Mr. BROWN. I certainly, Mr. President,
should not ask the Congress of the United States
to abstain from doing that which would promote
a great public interest for the convenience of my
State; but if this bill passes, my State is not only
to be put to a very great inconvenience, but to a
very heavy expense. Our elections are fixed by
our Constitution. I do not mean our election for
Congress, but our State elections. They are
fixed to take place on the first Monday in Novem-
ber. We cannot change them, as a matter of
course, without altering our constitution. By
| law, the election for members of Congress is
directed to be holden at the same time. We can
change that election, but you see at once that it
would devolve upon us the necessity of holding !
two political elections in one year. Not only are j
we to be at the expense of first convening an extra j
session of the Legislature to change the time of j
holding the election for Congress, but we are to ;
undergo the additional expense of holding two
political elections. Our people are to be put to j
the inconvenience of being called twice from their !
homes in one year, to attend to the elections, and
why is this ?
I say again, if there is any great public conve-
nience, any great public interest to be subserved by
it, let it be done, let the inconvenience and the inter-
est of a single State be made subordinate to the
interest and convenience of the whole Union; but
, if there is no great public convenience, no great
public benefit to result from the passage of this
bill, then, when my State, when the State of my
friend from Alabama, when other States come up
and protest against its passage, I do hope the Sen-
ate will pause before they force it upon us. If it
pass, it will either deprive the State of Mississippi
of all representation m the other House of Con-
gress during the first two entire months of the ses-
sion, or else it wiil put us to the inconveniences I
have pointed out, and to the expense of certainly
not less than §100,000 in the first two years.
These are matters to be taken into account, and I
am by no means convinced by the argument of
the Senator from North Carolina, and the Senator
from Illinois, that there is any public convenience
to be promoted by the passage of the bill. I am
yet to hear one single argument which carries with
it anything like weight to convince me that by
passing the bill you are going to shorten the long
sessions. I am wholly incredulous upon that
point. !
As to the joint rule which the Senator fiom |
Illinois proposes to introduce, of what power will !
it be? It is not to be binding upon either House ;
of Congress, if it simply dissents from it. All :
that the Senate or the House of Representatives :
has to do is to say we will not adjourn on that ]
day, and there is an end to the joint rule. Unlike j
other joint rules it does not need to berescinded to [
be got clear of, because its own friends admit it j
has no vitality; it will simply exist not by the ;
toleration of the two Houses as other joint rules
do, but by the toleration of each House for itself.
I apprehend joint rules, which govern the action
of the two Houses, are binding until repealed by
the order of both Houses; but this rule is to be
so made that, if either House dissent from it, it
goes by the board. Of what effect will it be? The
time comes for adjournment. The Senate or tht
House says, "We are not ready to adjourn, ;
and there is an end of it. It does not require the
.concurrent action of both Houses to get clear of
it. I do think there is less in that proposition to
secure an adjournment than any I have heard
coming from any quarter. I can only express
some surprise that my friend from Illinois thought
of shortening the sessions of Congress upon such
a process. No, sir, pass this bill, and the result
will be, that the long sessions will be lengthened
out to their present period. Two months will be
added to the sessions of Congress, and those two
months will ordinarily be spent as they are now
spent, in passing the appropriation bills, and then
adjourning. . .
Just imagine that Congress were m session while
the presidential election was going on; As my
friend from Louisiana has already said, what
would be done5 You cannot even hold a political
convention to nominate a candidate for the Presi-
dency without breaking up Congress. Who does
not know that during the sitting of the Democratic
convention, and again during the sitting of the
Whig convention, both Houses adjourned? Can
you keep a quorum here? Can you transact busi-
ness when the more important operation of elect-
ing a President is going on ? Every four years
you will have no quorum. Congress will not
assemble.
I know there are one or two Senators—the Sen-
ators from California—who cannot get here now
without leaving home so early as to be deprived
of their vote for presidential electors; but pass this
bill, and none of us can come; and upon this point
it is simply a question of convenience between
two Senators and two Representatives and all the
Senators and all the Representatives. I did not,
however, rise to discuss this question; but simply
to say what would be its operation upon my State,
and to add my testimony to what other gentlemen
have brought forward as to the inconvience that
would result to the States if the bill should be
Mr. JOHNSON. I am very anxious that this
Congress should adjourn at an early day. I am
exceedingly anxious that the long sessions of
Congress should be shortened. I think a major-
ity of the Senate would be exceedingly glad to
get home at the long session sometime within a
period of seven months. At the distance which
some of us live from here, we must necessarily
consume one month in going and coming. Take
almost the shortest session that we can now have,
under the present system, and we are nine months
in one year absent from home. Then in three
months we are compelled to be back again at our
Now, sir, I see no way, with any kind of cer-
tainty, by which this extraordinary long session,
consumed, as it is, by long speeches and by dis-
cussions, (to shorten which th%re is seemingly no
moral or circumstantial coercion,) can be closed,
and the business considered and transacted, un-
less by adopting some such method as this. I
feel that if the short session be lengthened by com-
mencing earlier, we shall all of us be under the
necessity of adjourning earlier at the long session,
for the purpose of spending some little of our time
at home. If this can be done consistently with
the public business, why not do it? That it can
be done, seems to me to be clear from this fact,
that when we go to the short session, and con-
template it as it now is, we see that the first month
is entirely lost in the mere act of reorganization,
and in anticipation of the holidays. The whole
of that month is wasted away, so far as regards
public business.
I am asked, and I hear the Senate asked seri-
ously, what object we have in view in this opera-
tion ? Why do you want to lengthen the short
session ? Do state some reason why this should
be done. Mr. President, one reason is shortly
this: that when you have given yourselves one
month more anterior to the Christmas holidays,
you will have secured, as I believe, two months
of actual work in place of no work at all. Why ?
Because neither this branch nor the other branch
of Congress will consent to waste two whole
months; but the holidays being long off in the
distance, they will not lose the whole month of
December, but will work up to the time when the
holidays themselves are to commence. We may
lose one week then; but we shall lose no more by
the operation. So that by giving ourselves one
, month more at that particular period of the session,
i we gam two months of time. This is no slight
1 thing in regard to business, as gentlemen wish to
know for what object we would do this. It is no
slight thing in regard to our business; for how
are we now situated in regard to the long session ?
i No one knows when it is going to close. No one
' will hasten any particular business. If a man
does not understand a case, he says, " I do not
understand it; 1 am against it, so lay it over for
the present, until I can look at it." There is no
particular necessity to look at it, and he does not
look at it; and the time is wasted, and business is
laid over, one thing after another, until we are
forced by the hot weather, and by the necessity
of spending some little time at home, to adjourn.
But let them know that by shortening the first ses-
sion they must go on at once and act upon business,
and they will do so. Let them know that if they
have not acted on it, and cannot act on it at the
first or long session, there is a hope left that the
