1586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27.
that it is the right of the House to withhold the
money. If this is so, and if we are to dispose
of this business upon the face of the treaty itself,
let us proceed to do it at once. There is no use
of talking about it, or of sitting here looking each
other in the face. If the friends of the Adminis-
tration, if the friends of the bill—and I do not
desire to raise a political or party issue—are will-
ing that the instructions to the Minister and the
correspondence shall belaid before this House,so
that we can act upon this subject as a matter of
expediency and propriety, then the consideration
becomes different, and debate ought not to be
closed for at least two days. I suppose the cor-
respondence is in such a condition that it could be
got at immediately. It has been sent to the Sen-
ate; and I presume to get it would take no more
time than to go to the other end of the avenue,
break the seals which guard it, and bring it here.
I only desire to say to the House, and to the
friends of this measure, that this treaty stands
upon a little different footing from that of any
treaty which has come to this HoUse for a series
of years. It is as well known as anything can
be, though not before the House officially, that
this treaty came here last winter, with a provision
in it, by which, for substantially the same con-
sideration as is contained in it now, we proposed
to agree to pay the sum of $20,000,000 instead of
#10,000,000.
It is well known that when the treaty was sub-
mitted to the Senate for their ratification, they,
with the correspondence and the instructions to
the Minister before them, saw fit to repudiate that
agreement, and amended the treaty by striking
out that portion of it which agreed to pay the sum
of $20,000,000, and instead thereof, for substan-
tially the same consideration, as the country
understands, substituted an agreement to pay
$10,000,000 only.
Mr. HAMILTON. I regret to be obliged to
interrupt the gentleman from New York; but I
believe the House did not understand that the
gentleman was to be permitted to make a speech
m opposition to the treaty.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand that the gentleman from New York had a
right to enter into the general discussion of the
merits of the treaty. He supposed that the gen-
tleman only desired and asked permission to make
a few remarks in reference to the time of closing
debate.
Mr. HAVEN. I was just rounding up my
remarks, for the purpose of bringing them to a
close. 1 did not, and do not, intend to raise any
political question about it. I was simply saying
that the House, seeming unanimously to have
come to the conclusion that they had the power
of disposing of this matter and withholding the
appropriation, and that it becomes simply a ques-
tion of expediency; I was only saying that the
treaty did stand upon a little different footing from
any other treaty in reference to which we have
been called to act. Sojne suspicion had been
thrown over the transaction. I have mentioned
some of the circumstances,and I had intended to
have mentioned one or two more; but if there is
any impropriety in doing it, in the opinion of a
single member of the House, I will not pursue
that course of remark at all. I will only say, that
if it is the intention of the House not to call for
that correspondence at all, we had better close the
debate at once.
Now, what I desire to say—andl intend to stop
after having said it—is, that the indication seemed
yesterday to be pretty clear that the House would
not calftor this correspondence. No renewed ap-
plication has been made for it to-day, and it is
useless for us to discuss the question whether the
House has the right to reject the appropriation;
for that seemed to be universally conceded; and
that is the only question left to discuss, if we are
not going into the merits of the treaty itself. 1
had a very few words in addition which I did
intend to say when I rose, but as I make these
remarks by the indulgence of the House, I will
not attempt, by indirect means, to accomplish my
object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will withdraw the demand
for the previous question, if the gentleman from
New Y#rk desires to submit an amendment short-
ening the time mentioned. I named that time be-
cause, after having spent the morning hour in other
business, there will be only time for two or three
speeches before the usual time of adjournment.
If the gentleman wishes to offer an amendment, I
will withdraw the call for the previous question.
Several Members. Oh! no.
Mr. HOUSTON. Very well; then I ask for
a vote upon the resolution.
The question was seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordered to be put.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 demand the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 58; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Appleton, Banks, Belcher, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge,
Bridges, Brooks, Caruthers, Caskie, Chamberlain, Chas-
tam, Churchwell, Clark, Clingman, Cobb, Craige, John G.
Davis, Dawson, Dean, Disney, Eddy, Ellison, Etheridge,
Evcrhart, Faulkner, Florence, Gamble, Goode, Green,
Greenwood, Grow, Hamilton, Wiley P. Harris, Hastings,
Hendricks, Henn, Hillyer, Houston, Hunt, Johnson, George
W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kerr, KrdweJl, Kurtz. Latham,
Letcher, Lindsley, MoDougall, McMullin, McNair, Macy,
Maxwell, Smith Miller, Nichols, Olds, Mordeoai Oliver,
Orr, Packer, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Pratt, Preston,
Puryear, Ready, Reese, Richardson, Thomas Ritchey,
Rohhins, Ruffin, Seward, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, William JR. Smith, George W. Smyth, L-'tedenck P.
Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens,
flestor L. Stevens, Straub, David Stuart, John J. Taylor,
John L. Taylor, Thurston, Vansant, Wells, Witte, Daniel
B. Wright, and Zollicoffer—94.
NAYS—Messrs, Benson, Benton, Campbell, Carpenter, |
Cook, Corwin, Crocker, Cullom, Thomas Davis, I)e Witt, 1
Eastman, Thomas D. Eliot, Farley, Fenton, Flaglei;Gid- >
dings. Aaron Harlan, Haven, liie&ter, Howe, Hughes, ;
Daniel T. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Knov, Lilly, Lindley, i
McCulloch, Mace, Matteson, Middleswarth, Murray, Nor- !
ton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peck, Peckham, Pennington, 1
Bishop Perkins, Pringle, David Ritchie, Russell, Sabm, j
Sapp, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tracy, j
(Jpham, Vail, Wade, Walley, Walsh, Ellihu B. Wash- ;
burne, Israel Washburn, John Wenuvorth, Tappau Went- !
worth, Wheeler, and Yates—58. !
So the resolution was passed. ,
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote ;
by "which the resolution was passed, and also !
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the i
table; which latter motion was agreed to. j
CLERK FOB. A COMMITTEE, j
Mr. MACE. I now ask the unanimous con- :
sent of the House to offer the resolution which I
indicated a few moments since.
The resolution was read, as follows: :
Resolved, That the select committee on ocean mail '
steamers be allowed a cleik for twenty days, at the usual
compensation. (
JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that ;
resolution. j
Mr. MACE. I would like to ask the gentle- j
man from Tennessee a question, if the House will i
allow me. Does he desire that this committee I
shall pay for the services of a clerk out of their ;
own pockets? Because, if he does, I inn ready to 1
do it. |
Mr. JONES. I will withdraw my objection to 1
the lesolution, though 1 do not see the necessity !
for it. j
The resolution was then received and adopted. ,
Mr. ROBB1NS. I move that the rules be sus- '
pended, and that the House resolve itseif into the 1
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union. !
MEMORIALS FROM TENNESSEE.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask the gen- ;
tleman from Pennsylvania to allow me to present j
sundry memorials and joint resolutions from the •>
Legislature of Tennessee, merely for the purpose '
of having them referred and printed- i
There was no objection, and Mr. S. presented :
the memorials, &c.; which were referred as indi- I
cated below: j
1. Asking Congress to grant public lands for '
the benefit of volunteers from the State of Tennes-
see, mustered in obedience to the requisition of the
President of the United States in 183G. Referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
2. For payment of horses and equipage lost
by the mounted volunteers called into service
during the Mexican war, from the State of Ten-
nessee. Referred to the (Committee on Military
Affairs.
3. For pensions to the officers and soldiers who
served in the war of 181*2, and in the various In-
dian wars. Referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
4. For the construction of a railroad to the Pa-
cific, commencing at Memphis. Referred to the
Select Committee on the subject of a Pacific rail-
road.
5. In favor of repealing the duty on railroad
iron. Referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
6. For compensation to William Reed, of the
State of Tennessee, for service rendered in the
years 1792 and 1793. Referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. FAULKNER. I wish the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to allow me to submit to the House
a resolution.
Mr. ROBBINS. The debate is closed upon the
treaty bill at twelve o'clock to-morrow, andl can-
not yield further.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the gentlemlfi if he
knows of a single gentleman who desires to speak
upon that bill except his colleague, [Mr Jones?]
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
Mr. FAULKNER. Well, sir, I desire to call
the attention of the House to the necessity of fix-
ing some day for the Army bill. There is a very
great urgency for the more efficient organization
of that branch of the public service.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia asks the unanimous consent of the House,
and appeals to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to withdraw his motion to go into Committee of
the Whole that a special order may be made in
reference to a certain bill reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. Last Saturday the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Shower,] now absent,
reported a bill for the relief of the heirs of Willis
Wilson by mistake. That bill had not been con-
sidered, and he has requested me to move its
recommittal to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, which I now do.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
Mr. FAULKNER. I reported, last Saturday,
from the Committee on Military Affairs, a bill
" for the relief of Helen McKay, widow and ad-
ministratrix of Eneas McKay, late a deputy quar-
termaster in the Army of the United States," un-
accompanied by a written report I desire now,
with the consent of the House, to submit the re-
port, that it may be ordered to be printed, and be
before the Committee of the Whole when the bill
comes up for consideration.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The question was then taken on Mr. Robbins's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Disney in the chair.)
THE MEXICAN TREATY".
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee last rose, it had under consideration a bill
" to enable the President of the United States to
fulfill the third article of the treaty between the
United States and the Mexican Republic, of 30th
December, 1853, as amended by the Senate of the
United States;" and that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Jones! was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania, said that the
provisions of this treaty, being printed, were be-
fore the House. They were few, and so explicit
and clear, that every member of the committee can
easily comprehend them. The first position in the
treaty is, that we are secured twenty millions of
acres of land. This land is thought to be not of
so much importance on account of its intrinsic
value, but because it secures us now what we
supposed was secured by the former treaty; that
is, the right of a southern route for a railroad to
our Pacific possessions.
Another provision is, the treaty releases us from
the eleventh article of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, which stipulates that the United States
shall restrain the Indians from making incursions
on Mexican territories; and, further, that in the
event of being unable to do so, then the United
States will punish the Indians, and exact compen-
sation and justice to the Mexicans for the damage
done.
Two different constructions had been put on
this clause of that treaty. We contend that it
stipulates nothing more than that if the Indians
shall make incursions on Mexican soil, the United
States, by an armed force, shall punish the Indians,
