THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 26, 1854.
New Series....No. 97.
and then exact from them precisely the same
amount of justice we would exact for ourselves in
similar cases. But this is not the construction
of the Mexican Government, which construes the
treaty to mean that where damage is done to them','
we are to be held responsible for the damage, and
make compensation out of the National Treasury.
It is known that the Mexican Government has
already preferred claims to the amount of sixteen
millions, and that ex-President Fillmore was will-
ing to make a payment of six millions, to settle
this very question. And not only sixteen millions,
but rumor says claims have been made by the
Mexican Government to the amount of forty mil-
lions. He did not say any thing about their validity.
According to his idea, Mexico has no claim at all.
But by this treaty we got rid of the difficulty.
Another point this treaty settles forever, at least it
is hoped, is the question of boundary; and it pro-
poses a perpetual peace. This should be an in-
ducement for anti-war men to vote for it.
He then proceeded to reply to the remarks of
Mr. Bknton, delivered yesterday, denying that
a breach of privilege had been committed on this
House by the negotiation of the treaty. [See Ap-
pendix for his speech.]
Mr. HAVEN said: I beg my friend from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Phillips,] whodesired toget thefloor,
to feel assured that, so far as I am concerned, he
shall soon be gratified; for I do not intend to ad-
dress the committee at length upon the merits of
the question before it. My only reason for ad-
dressing the committee now at all is, for the pur-
pose of finishing a few sentences which I com-
menced communicating to the House this morning
before we went into committee, and in which I
was arrested (for which ) make no complaint) by
my friend [Mr. Hamilton] at a point which I
fancied he thought they sat rather too closely
upon the friends of this bill.
i also desire a few words, by way of explana-
tion, in regard to the statements and suggestions
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Jones,] who has just resumed his seat.
In what I may say, I beg the committee to un-
derstand that 1 intend to cast no censure upon
any one in reference to tills treaty; my difficulty
is, that without the instructions to, and corres-
pondence with, the Minister who negotiated this
treaty, 1 have no knowledge upon which 1 can
vote this money, or approve or censure any per-
son connected with this transaction. I have noth-
ing, sir, but the bare text of the treaty on which
I can act. I shall not censure the President or the
Department of State; for there is nothing on the
face of the treaty, or in this very brief message
of the President, which indicates whether the in-
structions to the negotiator were right or wrong.
I shall not censure the Minister who negotiated
the treaty, because his acts have been adopted and
' ratified by the President; and I shall not censure
the Senate, for it is a coordinate body, having
functions in some respects higher than the House
of Represntatives in reference to treaties—cer-
tainly much higher in reference to treaties which,
in their consummation, do not require legislative
action, as this does. Like all fair and honorable
men, all the parties referred to are entitled to the
presumption that they have properly discharged
their official duties in respect to the matter now in
controversy. But, sir, whilst 1 intend to speak in
this spirit, I also intend to press upon the com-
mittee, as well as I may, certain questions of ex-
pediency, of good faith, and of fair legislative
dealing, which I think every true friend of the Ad-
mimstiation, of the Senate, aud the gentleman
who negotiated this treaty, will do well to observe.
I understood the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to take the same ground on the question of the
constitutional rights of this House to grant or with-
hold this appropriation, which every other mem-
ber has taken who has as yet addressed the
House or this committee on this subject. He
concedes the right of this House to withhold this
appropriation if, in their judgment, if, in their
good sense, if, in the exercise of their best discre-
tion for protecting the interests of the country,
97
they should think they ought to withhold it, or
that it is inexpedient to grant it.
Now, sir, that being so, I do not propose to say
a word upon the constitutional right of the House
m this regard; but I will assume what the House,
so far, unanimously claim's and insists to be its
prerogative. Assuming the House, then, to be
right in this claim, the only question left for it to
consider is the question of expediency—an ordi-
nary question in legislation; and the only informa-
tion which we have to guide us on this subject, on
which we can properly act as legislators, is that
which we have on the face of the treaty, with the
very elaborately short message which the Presi-
dent has seen lit to lay before us. In addition to
the information contained in the text of the treaty,
we find that it refers to two antecedent treaties;
the one the treaty of peace after the late war with
Mexico, called and known as the treaty of Gua-
dalupe Hidalgo, and the other the treaty of amity,
commerce and navigation, concluded between the
two countries on the 5th of April, 1831. Now,
what I desire to say, by way of explanation to
what has been said by thegentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, is particularly in relation to the treaty of | i
Guadalupe Hidalgo. And in saying this, I wish '
to call the attention of the committee to the lan-
guage of the eleventh article of that treaty, because,
so far as that i3 concerned, almost every man on
this floor, who undertakes to justify the pay-
ment of this large sum of ten millions, agreed
to be paid by this treaty now sent us by the Pres-
ident—I do not now say whether it is proper or
improper—puts it upon the ground that the claims
which our sister Republic of Mexico has upon us
by virtue of that eleventh article of the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo are here provided for, and we
are forever released from the same.
Sir, 1 deny any particular pecuniary obligation
on the part of the American Government under
this eleventh article. And in this every gentleman
who has so far addressed the committee seem in-
clined to concur. I have always understood that
article substantially as the gentleman from Penn-
j sylvania [Mr. Jones] says he understands it;
I substantially what the gentleman from Missouri
! [Mr. Denton] claims the proper construction of
it should be, and is. Such was always, «<"> far as
I have known, and so far as I have been able to
infer from documents, or otherwise, the construc-
tion put upon itbyihe last Administration, and
by all statesmen who have expressed an opinion
upon the subject. Now, the material words of
that eleventh article I will read. They are as
follows, and will be found in the ninth volume of
the Statutes at Large, page 930. It commences:
" Considering that a jripat part of the tfrritones, which,
by the present treaty, are to be comprehended for the future
within the limit? of the United Slates, is now occupied by
savage tribes, who will hereafter be under the exclusive
cont'd of the Government of the United Stale*, and vvho.se
incursions within the terntory of Mexico would be preju-
dicial m the extieme, it i£> solemnly agreed, that all such
incuisions shall lie forcibly restrained by the Government of
the United States, wheresoever this may he neoes&aiy;
and that when they cannot be prevented, they shall he pun-
ished bv the said Government, and satisfaction for the same
i shall be exacted."
Now, let me ask gentlemen to notice partic-
ularly the precise language of the remainder of tiie
article. The rest of the language measures the
punishment this Government is to inflict, and the
satisfaction it is to exact. The rest of the lan-
guage gives the precise measure by which our
exertions shall be controlled, and the extent to
which we have agreed to carry them; and gentle-
men will see that it was an argument in reference
to good neighborhood and good feeling between
the two countries. Here it is:
, " J2U m the same ivay. and with equal tUli^ence and cn-
• erst/, if the same inclusions were or committed
| within its own territory, against its own citizens."
I Now, Mr. Chairman, that is what Mr. Polk's Ad-
1 ministration, a good Democratic Administration,
! in and by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, un-
' dertook to do; and i submit to the friends of that
Administration, to the gentlemen on the other
! sideof this House, that it is unfair upon their pait
to press and force upon that treaty a construction
which is unjust to him and to the gentlemen of
the Senate who ratified it. It was a treaty of
good neighborhood, and it was an undertaking
with Mexico to do, in relation to the Indians who
troubled her citizens upon the borders of the Mex-
ican territory, precisely what we would do in ref-
erence to the Indians who troubled our own citi-
zens in that vicinity; that we would use reasonable
diligence in preventing their incursions into Mex-
ican territory; that we would exact indemnity
from the Indians—net pay it ourselves, but exact
it from them; and do it all precisely as if the dep-
redations were upon our own citizens.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Jones] suggested that the last Administra-
tion took a different view of this eleventh article.
1 know the gentleman has no desire to make an
improper suggestion in regard to that Administra-
tion, any more than 1 have in reference to the one
which preceded it—Mr. Polk's Administration—
or the present one. Who supposed, who ever be-
lieved, when the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo was
made, that this eleventh article of it would force
this country into a position where we might be
called upon, as stated or intimated by two gentle-
men upon the other side of the House, to pay to
Mexico a claim of £,40,000,000.
Both the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,]
who addres&ed the committee yesterday, and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Jones,] who
addressed us to-day, put forth some kind of indef-
inite and shadowy suggestions that Mexico has for-
mally claimed of this Government, as indemnity
under this article, $40,000,000. Mr. Chairman, the
gentlemen both handled this point very cautiously;
for they saw it was a Democratic Administration
(Mr. Polk's) who got us into these magnificent
difficulties ot £40,000,000 under the eleventh clause
of a Democratic treaty. And that was a rather
dangeious foil to be used in favor of the present
Admimstration,in professing to buy us out of them
cheaply by the payment of this $10,000,000.
But, sir, the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Jones] thinks* he has heard it said that Mr.
Fillmore's Administration recognized the validity
of this claim, and offered Mexico $6,000,000 to
beieleased from it. I believe the gentleman is
wholly at fault m his supposition. I am not
aware any such offer was ever made whilst Mr,
Fillmore was- President. I am quite sure it was
not his opinion, nor was it the opinion of his
Cabinet, that any pecuniary liability rested upon
this Government under that eleventh article.
Whatever he would have been willing to see paid
to Mexico in that behalf, to settle a controversy
likely to arise between the two Governments, as
an honorable man will sometimes buy his peace
from a litigious neighbor, i have no doubt that
he and his cabinet thought Mexico had no just
or equitable claim to any pecuniary indemnity
under this article.
Since the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Junes] made the insinuation, I have sent for the
messageandaccompanyingdocumenrs of 1851 '-52,
and X find what I suppose to be the views of Mr.
Fillmore's Administration on this subject, very
pertinently stated in the report of the Secretary of
War.
1 desire to read an extract from it, in reference
to our duties and the rights of Mexico under this
eleventh article; for it appears to roe to contain
about the whole argument on my side ot this
question.
Mr. Conrad, after detailing with proper partic-
ularity the operations and results of the Army
stationed in western Texas and New Mexico—for
gentlemen will remember the vast trouble, diffi-
culty, and cost of keeping up that frontier service,
and to what an unfashionable strictness and res-
ponsibility we held the Secreiary of War then,
and how by his aid we reduced the extravagances
that preceded that Administration in that regard—
goes on to say as follows; and i ask attention
to it:
"The United Stales have thus endeavored to fulfil! to
their fullest extent the obligations Imposed upon them by
their late treaty with Mexico.
