1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1539
instructions and the record. And when it was
found that -the plan must fail unless he had written
instructions, we are told that the special agent un-
dertook to, and did commit to paper, arid say on
paper what he had been told here he should only
verbally communicate to the negotiator there; that
this became satisfactory to the negotiator, and
acting upon these instructions of the special agent,
the negotiator put on the indemnities for the job-
bing companies of Garay and Sloo. Now, 1 do
not know that this is so. We are told when it
came back, the Senate, looking at the correspond-
ence—and it is well known that the correspond-
ence went into the Senate—the Senate, the friends
of the Administration, honorable men—as the
Administration is composed of honorable men,
and I am speaking on their behalf to-day, and not
on my own or that of the opposition here—the
Senate at once put the knife to the treaty, and cut
off these excrescences.
Mr. BOCOCK. I want to know of my friend
from New York, as he seems to insist so much
on a call for this correspondence, how the corre-
spondence and papers will enable us to see that the
verbal instructions conflict with the written ones;
for the verbal instructions are those which do not
appear in the papers? My friend ought to know
that calling for the papers will do no good.
Mr. HAVEN. The inquiry is a pertinent one;
and though I do not claim to know anything more
than what is reported and circulated here and in
the newspapers, yet I will answer the gentleman
how that is stated to be. I endeavored to unfold
it in what I have already said.
The instructions to this secret or special agent,
it is said, wer# verbal instructions, and verbal
only; that he went out to Mexico to the negotia-
tor and told him verbally what he was required
to do. The negotiator, as I have already said, re-
fused to act upon these verbal instructions. The
agent then, to induce the negotiator to act, puts
in writing and delivers to the negotiator what he
was directed here that he should communicate to
the negotiator only verbally. The negotiator then
having the writing from the secret or special
agent, concluded to act upon it as authority; and
his subsequent correspondence with the Govern-
ment here referred to these instructions, as well as
to his original ones, in such a manner that, upon
the Senate's call, they could not be separated
without making an awkward show; and so the
whole had to be sent in together. Does my friend
from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] understand it now'
Whether all this is true or not, 1 do not know—
I have no means of knowing; but [ will venture
to say that ftiany, if not most of the members on
this floor, has heard it over and over again.
Having said what I have said, I desire to say
this further, that I wish to do no injustice to any
man or set of men; and I ask my friends in all
parts of the Hall if it is not due to all those gen-
tlemen who are engaged in this transaction, more
particularly if it is not due to that eminent gen-
tleman and citizen from South Carolina who nego-
tiated this treaty, that this correspondence should
be laid before the public, or before this House in
confidence, if not before the public, so that the
names of honorable men who are connected with
these rumors and reports may be saved from dis-
honor and reproach, and these slanders, if not
true, may be put to everlasting silence, or, if true,
that this treaty may receive the unqualified repro-
bation of this House?
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Willthegentleman
from New York allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HAVEN. I will with great pleasure, al-
though I fear by so doing I shall be obliged to
trespass a little more upon the time of the com-
mittee than I intended to do when I commenced
my remarks.
Mr. BAYLY. Does the gentleman from New
York know of a case where the correspondence
in respect to a treaty has ever been made public'?
If he will inform me of a single case, it will give
me information which 1 do not now possess.
Mr. HAVEN. A reference to the gentleman's
own knowledge is much better for him than any
reference to knowledge that I may have upon this
subject. He has more experience than I have in
regard to questions of this kind. I do not know,
nor do I profess to know, much about it. If the
inquiry was for information, I cannot enlighten
the gentleman. If it was by way of reply to the
argument I was making, then I desire to say to
the gentleman that his own argument, made on
yesterday, was conclusive that, where a treaty
trenched upon legislative ground, it could not be
binding and operative until the Legislature had
acted upon it. If it cannot be binding until we
act, I would like to know if the House of Repre-
sentatives must act, are compelled to act, in the
dark ?—if we must act upon the message of the
President only, in which the only material fact
stated is that he must have the money, and this
treaty must be exchanged by the 30th instant?
Mr. BAYLY. Will my friend allow me a fur-
ther remark ? I think the treaty speaks for itself
in connection with the history of our diplomacy
connected with Mexico. If it does not, the call
unquestionably ought to be made for a confiden-
tial communication. But I do not think there is
any occasion for that, for the reason that the treaty
speaks for itself.
Mr. HAVEN. I would like to know what
legislative discretion this House exercises when it
undertakes to say that 1 have the right to vote for
or against the appropriation of this money, but
that I have not the right to know anything of the
grounds upon which I give my vote. I may vote
one way or the other, but I am not to know why;
I am not to tell the country why. Here is the
State Department, or the President, sending down
their decree here, to be registered in this House.
We are ordered to act upon it; and all we can do
is to register it according to order. Sir, can pre-
sumption go further? I would put it to my friend
from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,]—-for I have great
confidence in his judgment, ill his patriotism,and
discretion in these cases—if he had good reason
outside of the message to believe that the treaty
was fraudulent, and that it was adverse to the best
interests of the country, and calculated to pro-
mote the schemes of stock-jobbers and speculators,
would he vote for it, notwithstanding it spoke for
itself upon its face?
Mr. BAYLY. Does the gentleman desire a
reply ?
Mr. HAVEN. I do.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 believe, in the negotiation of
a treaty, that the explanations which are given to
it by correspondence are to be considered rather
in the light of arguments of counsel, and not as
the judgment of the court. Knowing the terms
of the treaty, and if my judgment was satisfied as
to its antecedents, it would be all the information
I should desire to construe it.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Chairman, I knew that
my friend from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] would agree
with me in such a case. So will J vote for it,
after my judgmentis satisfied. But, in addition to
the treaty, I, too, would have the antecedents of
the treaty; in addition to the text, I would know
what the protocols were, what the instructions
were, what the correspondence preceding it was.
But, Mr. Chairman, I have said more than I
intended to say on this subject. I did not intend
to hold the attention of the committee more than
five minutes.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Will the gentleman
from New York permit me to interrupt him ?
Mr. HAVEN. The gentleman from Ohio will
excuse me one moment 
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question before he concludes.
Mr. HAVEN. Very well. I give way for
that purpose.
Mr. TAYLOR. In the debate, to which I have
listened very attentively, I understood my honor-
able friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Jones] to assert
that he believed, or that he had some intimation
of the fact, that President Fillmore, within the term
of the last Administration, had offered to the Mex-
ican Government, in a negotiation in respect to
the question which we are now to settle, the sum
of $6,000,000, to get rid of the obligations of this
Government under the eleventh article ofthe treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo, i may have misunder-
stood him. I have no official information of the
subject; nothing further than the declaration of my
friend from Pennsylvania. And therefore I wish
to ask the gentleman from New York, whose
relations to the late President are well known,
whether he ever understood, officially or other-
wise, that such offer had been made by President
Fillmore, for the purpose of getting rid of the ob-
ligations of the eleventh article of the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo in an honorable way if we
could ? for i have always stood for the honor ofthe
country. On so important a piece of information
as that which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
asserts, 1 suppose he has some official informa-
tion, either from the present Secretary of State or
from the President, or from somebody else.
Mr. HAVEN. I have no hesitation in com-
municating to my friend from Ohio [Mr. Taylor]
all the information that I am in possession of; but
he will excuse me if I state that I know no secrets
of the last Administration. One of the merits of
that Administration was, that it always remained
sole master of its own purposes. President Fill-
more had no kitchen Cabinet, and no way into his
office by the back door. Hence I was never pos-
sessed of any of his peculiar secrets, nor of any
revelation of its negotiations with foreign Govern-
ments. But I can truly say, sir, that I never
heard it officially, I never heard it secretly, and I
never heard it openly, or in any way alleged, that
such an offer was ever made or contemplated; and
I do not think or believe that such an offer was
ever made. In this I maybe mistaken! butl feel
quite confidentlhat lam not. I have already read
to the committee the opinion of one member of
Mr. Fillmore's Cabinet on that subject, officially
addressed to Mr. Fillmore himself as President.
It repudiates all idea of our obligations under the
eleventh article.
i have said all that I intended to say on the
subject as to the propriety of our knowing more
in regard to what my friend from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] calls the antecedents of this treaty—the
correspondence and the negotiations that took
place. Now, I desire to say 
Mr. BAYLY. I dislike to interrupt my friend
from New York, because I do not like to be inter-
rupted myself. When I spoke of the antecedents
of this treaty, 1 did not mean to speak of the diplo-
matic correspondence between the two Govern-
ment; but 1 meant the relations which existed
notoiiously and openly between the two Govern-
ments. I took it for granted that my friend from
New York understood me in that light. (
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Chairman, I see I did
misunderstand the meaning of the gentleman.
And my judgment is, that my friend from Vir-
ginia had better have left the case standing where
it stood before. So far as he is concerned, he has
sufficient information on all matters connected
with.the subject to enable him to vote understand-
ing^, without getting any more; whereas I have
not. I want to know, not only what I understood
him to speak of in regard to the antecedents of the
treaty, but 1 want to know all the correspondence
—all the concomitant circumstances, and every-
thing connected with it, to enable me to vote intelli-
gently; and such, I think, are the wishes of many
other gentlemen here. There are many men who
are able to vote without any additional informa-
tion—men of experience, who, like the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] has been long in
public life; who has been at the head of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, transferred there from
the head of the Commitiee of Ways and Means
of a former House, and who may be well sup-
posed to have more information than perhaps the
entire negotiating force of the Government on such
matters. Such men may have sufficient knowl-
edge, but I want some other explanation. I must
vote, to some extent, on my own judgment, and
not on his.
But I now go back to th e point from which I have
been drawn, oy these kindly meant interrogatories
and suggestions. With the atmosphere of this
Hall, and of the rotunda and avenue, loaded with
these detailed and pointed rumors and reports that
I have mentioned against the fairness and good
faith of this treaty; and with the papers here and
abroad giving them publicity and circulation more
or less; and with the other suspicious circum-
stances I have detailed, I ask my friends upon
the other side of the Hall—for, if I know myself,
I am no enemy to this Administration in its proper
and just endeavors to discharge its great and dif-
ficult trust and duties—I ask them if it is not due
from them to their friends at the other end of
the avenue, that this correspondence should at
once be called forand produced, and thesecharges
be thereby put at rest forever; and that honorable
men may be vindicated; or, on the other hand, if
they should unfortunately be provtd true, that this
treaty shall receive the seal of the reprobation of
this House, and be put to rest? Sir, secrecy is
a badge of fraud. If a man stands silent when
