1540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
he is arraigned in any court, (except in capital
cases,) and refuses to plead, it is equivalent to a
plea of guilty. Do not let it he said in this case
that thesilence of the Administration, when called
upon under these circumstances to speak, is an
admission of these charges.
Mr. Chairman, I have confidence and faith to
believe that if tins correspondence is called for,
and comes out, the public mind will be put into
a state of peace; and had I the control of this
matter, as the friends of this treaty and this
appropriation have, certainly it seems to me 1
could not perform a wiser or a better service for
all parties connected with this transaction, than to
ask to persuade them to put this correspondence
and information before the country, or in the con-
fidential possession of this House, and let the Ad-
ministration justify itself upon Us record , and put
its slanderers to shame. Letitnot besaidthatan
opportunity has not been given to bring: forward
those papers. The gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Benton,] with thirty years legislative ex-
perience upon his head, has beseeched, 1 had
almost said beseiged, this House to,let him have
this correspondence. Yes, sir, that gentleman,
with more experience and energy than any other
legislator I can call to mind, called for those
papers. He asked for this information, and he
told us what results would be likely to flow from
their production,in his judgment; whether right or
wrong, 1 do not know. But ! do know, that after
gentlemen concede our power to legislate here,
and legislate with a wise discretion, it docs seem
to me they take a most indefensible couise in re-
fusing this correspondence. Sir, we must vote now;
we must vote by yeaa and riays; we cannot have
the coriespondence; we cannot know the circum-
stances; we must vote blindfolded, and in the dark
at that; and we must take the responsibility of
justifying ourselves to the country and our con-
stitutents, and to our own consciences, for our
votes so given. Sir, I cannot vote for this treaiy
without this required information. I would be
glaa to vote for it; but I dare not without the ex-
planations and justification that the correspond-
ence may show, but which, if refused, I shall
fear does not show. I did not intend to say half
I have said. I should not have said it, had it not
been for the fact that gentlemen in various parts
of the Hall desired to call me to account as Invent
along. 1 thank the committee for their attention,
and yield the floor.
Mr. PHILLIPS rose to reply to the remarks
of Mr. Benton, delivered yesterday. The gen-
tleman from Missouri declared that he could not
vote for this bill, because it would be sanctioning
an invasion of the privileges of this House. He
[Mr. Phillips] was struck with the use of the
word tl privilege," especially as employed by the
gentleman, who is notoriously particular and
choice of the terms^which he elects in discussion.
He denied that the House has any privileges to be
invaded. This House possesses certain constitu-
tional rights. .The Constitution imposes on the
House certain functions and duties, which we are
obligated to perform; but he dented that we have
any privileges, used as the word is with regard to
the legislation of the country. Where do we fin^
those privileges? By looking at the British au-
thorities, we find that the King is the fountain of
honor, office, and of privilege. He then pro-
ceeded to argue that no constitutional right of the
House has been invaded, and replied generally to
the speech of Mr. Benton. [See Appendix for
his speech.]
Mr. RICHARDSON called the attention of the
committee to a matter personal to himself, and
reflecting upon him, and charging him with a
transaction for which, were he guilty of it, he
should be expelled from the House. There was
circulating throughout the entire North a tele-
graphic dispatch purporting to have come from
this city He referred to the following dispatch
in the Weekly Times, of New York, of the 14th
instant:
"An astounding fraud ha" just been discovered by Camp-
bell, of Ohio, Brnton, Mack, and others, m the Nebraska
bill, it *eems that Kioharoson stated to the Housp tli.tt
hi:* sutaunut* was the Senate l>iU, Mmpfy without the (.'lav -
ton proviso, when, infaet. he had marled a c)an>o provid-
ing that no person othor than a citizen of thf United t^tat^s
should hold office and roto, until he had sworn to support
the principles of this hilL"
Mr. CAMPBELL (interrupting) said that he
regarded the passage of the hill as a great fraud,
and thought that its passage had been procured in
violation of the rules of the House; but at no time
had he charged the gentleman fiom, Illinois with
having perpetrated a willful fraud. I-le thought
the gentleman's course on the Nebraska hill was
open, frank, and manly.
Mr. RICHARDSON expressed himself per-
fectly satisfied with the statement of the gentle-
man from Ohio, and was sure that the person who
sent the dispatch had no authority from him to
make this charge. He desired now to brand the
authors and indorsers, whoever they might be,
and wherever they might be, as base, and infa-
mous liars, and proceeded at length to prove it.
[See Appendix for his speech.]
Mr. SMITH, 6f New York, obtained the floor,
but yielded it to
Mr. KE1TT. Mr, Chairman, I regret the
necessity of making any remarks upon this sub-
ject. I intended to quietly give my vote when
the bill was put upon us passage; but some of the
remarks of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Haven] induce me to trouble the House with an
observation or two m reply to him. Whenever
the character of my State, or the official chaiacter
of any of her public men, is assailed, L will
promptly repel it. Sir, the character of a State is
invaluable; and the character of her public men is
a large portion of her wealth.
The gentleman from New Yoik (and I may
here say that I acquit him of intentional misrep-
resentation) uttered to the House certain newspa-
per rumors to the effect that General Gadsden hud
written and specific instructions from the Presi-
dent, limiting him to the offer of §10,000,000 for
the negotiation of a treaty; and that, upon decla-
rations made by an individual, a bearer of dis-
patches, he violated his instructions, and gave
$^0,01)0,000. 1 believe this rumor to be unfounded
m fact; and, although not so intended, it is calcu-
lated to injure the official character of General
Gadsden. I repel this newspaper gossip, and
state the impression on my mind, from a casual
conversation with General Gadsden, that he did
not violate his instructions. Of course I had no
conversation with him about the character of his
instructions, or the conduct of the negotiation.
! Nothing more was said than any one could legit-
| imately infer from the fact itself, viz: that he had
not violated his instructions.
Sir, I know General Gadsden to be a man in-
capable of a dishonest act; and a man. of too
much intellect to be the tool of any ambulextious
intriguer. With full confidence in his character
and ability, 1 repel these vagrant rumors; and 1
regret that they have acquired an accidental re-
! spectability by their enunciation upon the floor of
j this House. The gentleman from New York
j says that the atmosphere is charged with these
1 rumors. Well, sir, what if it is? Whoever car-
! ries about an alembic to dissolve newspaper ru-
\ mors, in times fruitful in important events, will
j engage m an impracticable undertaking. I knew,
1 sir, that when all the facts of the case were made
I public, these rumors would either be verified, and
thereby live, or that they would collapse and
! putrify in their dishonor. To that ordeal I was
| willing quietly to subject them. I regret, sir, that
i they have been galvanized into a mimicry of life.
] 1 do not mean to debate the provisions of this
, treaty. I do not mean to discuss the constitu*
j tionality of acquiring territory under the treaty-
| making power, if it were a case of novel im-
I pression, I should not hesitate to express my
j views; but repeated acts and decisions foreclose
j the argument. I shall vote for this bill for the
: following reasons:
It secuies the right of way across Tehuantepec,
| for which I understand Mr. Polk offered fifteen
i millions. It reacquires from seventeen to twenty
| millions of acres of land, embracing the Mesilla
\ Valley, which Mr. Fillmoie relinquished, fie
relinquished it by recognizing the act of the com-
! missioner against the surveyor, by which act our
! claim was abdicated. Itabrogates also the eleventh
; article in the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, for
1 which abrogation, I am credibly informed, that
Mr. Fillmore offered the Mexican Government
, five millions of dollars, and subsequently, it is
; affirmed, seven millions.
Now, sir, I recommend to gentlemen who, with
; knightly courtesy, volunteer to utter newspaper
j rumors upon the floor of the House, in order
i that the Administration may have a chance to
defend itself against vagrant gossip, to call for the
papers connected with this alleged offer of Mr.
Fillmore, and see whether it he a fact or not.
When I say that I believe Mr. Fillmore did make
this offer, i do not mean to disparage his Admin-
istration or his services. He has been truer to
his own State than his State has been 'to him.
[ opposed his election, and 1 opposed his Admin-
istration; but, sir, that cannot cloud my sense of
justice. X apply to his, what I apply to every
Administration, the standard of right and wrong,
in my own judgment. If right, I will support the
measure, irrespective of party auspices; if wrong,
I will reject it in the same spirit.
Thus, sir, 1 will not say that Mr. Fillmore was
wrong in offering five millions for the abrogation
of a harassing and embroiling stipulation in the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. 1 do not know
that he was, and 1 make no random charges, and
I wage no partisan warfare. 1 shall discuss now
no question about railroad routes, nor shall J com-
ment upon sectional issues. Whoever pleases
may raise the red flag of the amphitheater and
plunge into the contest; but I will enter into no
barren fight. Sir, I do not profess the broad sym-
pathies which many gentlemen here delight to
vaunt. No, sir; 1 am a southern man, and I
always mean to be true to the South, covered all
over as she is by the Constitution. To my own
State first and foremost 1 shall ever stand, whether
she be right or wrong. But, sir, I do not conceive
that any sectional issue is properly involved in this
question.
Mr. HAVEN. I know that my friend from
South Carolina [Mr, KeittJ does not intend to
impute anything intentionally ^wrong to me.
What is more, I am quite certain that what he
has said does not contravene the remarks I made
this morning. This thing works very well so far.
Light is gradually dawning upon us It seems
that there is another gentleman in this House who
is willing, from the knowledge he has obtained
from personal intercourse with the negotiator of
his treaty, to vote for this appropriation. Let
me ask the gentleman from South Carolina if he
willjoin me in giving the remaining members of this
House information m reference to all these mat-
ters ? My friend undertakes to say, upon good
authority, what the Administration of Mr. Fill-
more offered in teference to this treaty; I will join
him in getting the papers. This information is
altogether new to me. it may be true; the gen-
tleman from South Carolina may have sources of
information upon that subject which to me are
wholly inaccessible.
I desire to say to my friend from South Caro-
lina, in ail good feeling, that [ do not want to put
him or others to the trouble of hiding behind Mr.
Fillmore in voting for this treaty. Give us the
documents, and let us see, when we get them,
whether they will sustain the gentleman in what
it has been doing, without going behind a previous
Administration for protection. 1 say this in no
offensive sense. I believe my friend from South
Carolina will join me in undertaking to shed light
upon this transaction. Let me say one thing fur-
ther, and I am done. I did not intend to attribute
any thing wrong to General Gadsden. I think I
did not attribute any thing wrong to him. I
thought I was doing him but justice, when I said
that a special agent was sent to Mexico with
verbal instructions, and that General Gadsden,
like an honorable and high-minded man, refused
to act upon them; refused to compromise his good
name and standing as a gentleman. I said more
—that the special agent committed the instruc-
tions to writing, which had been trusted to him
verbally by the Administration at this end of the
line, before General Gadsden would condescend
to regard them. And { appealed to my friends on
the other side of the House, that, in justice to an
honorable man from South Carolina, who was
engaged in this negotiation, they should join me
in having this information laid before the House,
so that General Gadsden might be fully acquitted
and sustained in reference to this negotiation; and
those who are endeavoring to do him injustice
might be put to shame. Or, if the correspondence
did not justify the parties to this negotiation, that
then this House might put its seal of reprobation
upon the treaty, and withhold the money.
Mr. KEITT. Will the gentleman from New
York allow me one minute in order to put my-
self right?
