1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1541
Mr. SMITH. Certainly.
Mr. KiilTT. I said, Mr. Ch airman, that I
had no connection with any of the Departments.
I said that i had had a conversation with General
Gadsden, which, however, was casual, and had no
relation to his instructions. I am giving no vote
upon any information communicated to me by
that gentleman. I merely gave his declaration, that
he had not violated his instructions, against the
newspaper rumor that he had. If I had not had
his declaration, 1 should as quickly, and to me
as satisfactorily, have given his character as a
pledge against this scandal. Sir, General Gadsden
communicated nothing to me about the character
of his instructions, or the negotiation of the treaty.
Nor have 1 said anything which would authorize
any one to infer that General Gadsden violated
his official honor or his diplomatic functions by
giving me any private information. He gave me
none such; nor did I say that I would vote upon
any such information, i have no sources of in-
formation which other gentlemen have not. Sir.
I simply repelled a newspaper rumor, that he had
violated his instructions, by his declaration that
he had not. I th-en stated that I had three grounds
for supporting this bill.
The first of these grounds was theTehuantepec
route; the second, the twenty millions, or there-
abouts, of square acres of land given to us under
the treaty; and the third the abrogation of the
eleventh article of the treaty of Guadalupe Hi-
dalgo, for which Mr. Fillmore had offered, as 1
was informed, $5,000,000 or §7,000,000. These
were the three grounds on which 1 said I would
vote for the bill. General Gadsden and his friends
hide behind no man. i appealed to the act of Mr.
Filimore, only to show that the $10,000,000 was
not given for the land embraced m the treaty, not
to show that Mr. Fillmore had done wrong. Sir,
whenever General'Gadsden and his friends hide
behind any man, not even newspaper gos&ip shall
say it was behind a political opponent.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, then addressed the
committee for one hour. His remarks will be
published in the Appendix.
Mr. GIDDINGS obtained the floor.
Mr. PECKHAM. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to allow me a single moment?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will, certainly.
Mr. PECKHAM. It has been suggested here
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,]
that the resolution submitted by me, and that sub-
mitted by the distinguished gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Benton,] were not submitted in earn-
est; that they were not intended in sincerity to
obtain the correspondence; that we really did not
wish it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I said no such thing.
Mr. PECKHAM. Oh! there is no occasion
for the interruption. I do not mean to impute
anything wrong to the gentleman. But I desire
distinctly to say that I offered the resolution for
no other purpose than appears upon its face. I
offered it for the purposeof obtaining information
whuh should guide this House in its action, and
for no other purpose whatever. And I now will
renew the proposition, if I can get the floor for
that purpose, and will ask that the committee
rise, solely to enableine to submit that resolution;
and I will then immediately move again to go
back into committee. It is not too late, even now,
to get the information.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is due to myself that I
should say, because the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Benton] is not in his seat, and my remarks
applied as much to him as to the gentleman from
New York, that I meant to say, if I did not do
it, that it was an indication that the papers were
not desired, the proposition was made at so late a
period. It was an induction which I suppose
that I had the right to draw.
Mr. PECKHAM. This correspondence has,
beyond all question, been laid before the Senate;
and, therefore, it would require but ten minutes
to send it here. I make the motion that the com-
mittee do now rise, so that we may go into the
House and pass the resolution which I introduced.
We can thon have the correspondence to use to-
morrow in the five-minute debate, with the same
force and effect as if we had it before. I will say
that this motion, founded on rumors of wrong and
fraud, is met and answered simply by rumors;
and thus is this House engaged, instead of having
facts, when facts are within our reach. It does
not become the House, when the fact is conceded
that we have the right to exercise our judgment
in voting or withholding this appropriation. In-
deed, it seems to me to be wholly improper, that
fact being conceded, for us to say that we shall
blind our eyes; that we shall have no sort of light;
that we shall go on in darkness on the question,
and that we shall vote without knowing one word
of the grounds or reasons of our vote. I am not
prepared to go for this appropriation as a matter
of faith. I have not sufficient faith in the Ad-
ministration.
Mr. KE1TT. Will you go for it at all ?
Mr. PECKHAM. I shall go for it if satisfied
that it is for the benefit of the country. T hope
the committee will rise, and the resolution calling
for the correspondence may be adopted, so that
we'may have it to use to-morrow.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I yield for that purpose, and
with the understanding that I shall not lose my
right to the floor.
Mr. McMULLIN*. I understood that the gen-
tleman from New York yielded the floor to the
gentleman from Ohio, to occupy the remainder of
his time.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I only yield to the gentle-
man from New York.
The question was taken; and Mr. Peckham's
motion was agreed to.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman of the committee
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the Union generally, and especially House hill
No. 405, " to enable the Piesident of the United
States to fulfill the third article of the treaty be-
tween the United States and the Mexican Re-
public, of the 30th December, J853," antI had
come to no resolution theieon.
Mr. PECKHAM. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following res-
olution :
Resolved, Thai the President of the United State* b<>,and
he is hoieby, icqut^lcd, it not inconsistent ^ nil tluj public
interests-, to communicate to tht  lIou-e copies ot nil in-
sti uctions to our Minister to jMexico, Mi. Gadsden, and of
all correspondence between tins Government and Imn,
touching or concerning: the treaty between tins Govern-
ment and Mexico, of the 30th ol December last, and the
subject-matter thereof.
Mr. McMULLIN. There if? no House here,
and I move that we do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. MILLSON. There is no quorum here,
and I move that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. PECKHAM. I submit that my motion
The SPEAKER. The introduction of theres-
olution depends upon the will of the whole
House. If objected to by any single member, it
cannot be offered under the rules.
Mr. PECKHAM. I do not understand any
gentleman as objecting to the introduction of the
resolution.
Mr. PHELPS. I object to the consideration
of this resolution, because the President is not in
the city.
Mr. PECKHAM. I do not design by the res-
olution to postpone in any degree whatever the
passage of this appropriation.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is utterly impracticable
to get that information and not delay the business
at this late period of the session.
Mr. PECKHAM. The resolution can do no
possible harm. If the information is not obtained,
we shall have been heatd, at least; and if it is ob-
tained, why, then we s-hall have the light we are
seeking.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made substan-
tially, by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Million,] who moves, as he has a right to move,
that the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 desire to say a single word,
and explain the reason why 1 made the motion
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. I regard
this as a very important question, and I think we
have a right to call for the correspondence relating
to this treaty, if we please. I certainly shall never
surrender this right, if ever this question is put to
a vote, and I desire that a full vots shall be takfcii
by the yeas and nays. In any question connected
with these points raised here, I should like to have
a full vote upon the yeas and nays. But we should
not proceed to a vote upon the resolution now, for
the result will be to break up the committee, and
bring this debate to a sudden close; and unless we
now return to tjje committee, we shall be com-
pelled to adjourn.
Mr. McMULLIN. In casting my eye around
the Hall, I saw that there was hardly a quorum
present, and consequently I moved that the House
adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not know
whether there is a quorum present or not. If there
is, and we can get the information, let us have it;
but if we cannot get it, let us return to the com-
mittee, and resume the consideration of this sub-
ject.
M r. McM U LLIN. I submitted a m%tion that
the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The motion made by the
gentleman w<<ulii not be in order; for there is a
motion pending that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Mill-
son's motion; and there were—yeas forty-four,
noes not counted.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn is
now in order.
Mr. PHELPS, (at half past four, p. m.) Then
I move that the House do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and, on a division,
there were—ayes 18, noes 41.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 hope the House will consent
to go quietly into committee, and that the chair-
mun of the Committee of Ways and Means, and
other members of the House, wiil withdraw their
opposition to the motion to return into committee.
If they will not give us information, we had better
go back into committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from New
York certainly needs information when he makes
such a statement. I voted to go back into com-
mittee. If the gentleman had paid attention, he
would not have charged me with a violation of
the rights of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gid-
dinos.] I insisted on my friend from Virginia
[Mr. McMullin] withdrawing the motion to ad-
journ, for the purpose of our going back into com-
mittee, and allowing those members who desired
to speak to do so; and I voted to go back.
The SPEAKER. The discussion is not in
order.
The question was taken on the motion to return
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
Union, and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly again resolved itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Disney in the chair.)
Mr. GIDDINGS. Amidst the general anxiety
of gentlemen on both sides of the House to ex-
plain the reasons which are to govern the votes
they intend givingon this important question, it is
my intention to occupy no more time than to as-
sign briefly one or two points which wiil control
my own action.
I had supposed the doctrines which control the
different departments in negotiating, approving,
and sanctioning treaties under our Government,
well settled and well understood. On this point I
can add very little to what was so well said by the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benton.]
Jt is the duty of the President, by his commis-
sioners appointed for that purpose, to negotiate
treaties with other nations. When that is done,
it becomes an inchoate treaty, of no validity what-
ever, until sanctioned by a two-third vote of the
Senate.
The Senate in approving the treaty are as in-
dependent of the President as the President is of
the Senate. They act their judgment; and having
approved the treaty, it may be peifected by bucfc
approval, and it may not. If it be a mere release
of claims, or rights over which this House have no
control, it becomes the supreme law of the land
at once upon its ratification by the Senate.
But if it depend on the payment of money by
this Government, it can have no effect until the
appiopriation be made by this body. Nor can
any hardship attend this rule; for the Constitution
provides that all appropriations shall originate in,
