1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1545
Senate as a powerful argument to resist the de-
mands of a foreign Power for an exorbitant sum
of money, in the negotiation of a treaty. On all
these accounts, then, I conclude that the House
of Representatives, on the question of appropri-
ating money which is required by a'treaty,has an
entire and free discretion m the exercise <tf a sound
judgment. They are not bound to appropriate
money, unless in the exercuse of a reasonable dis-
cretion, they think that the best interests of the
country require that they should.
On this point I beg leave to read a passage from
M r. Madison, as embracing very fully my views
on this subject. Mr. Madison says:
" fit' came next to the fifth construction, which left with
the President and Senate the power of making treaties, but
required <U the same time the legi.-dalivj sanction and co-
opeiation, in those cases where the Constitution had given
express and specific powers to tile Legislature. It was 10
be presumed, that in all such ca*es the Legislature would
exercise its authority with discretion, allowing due weight
to the reasons which led to the treaty, and to the circum-
stances of the existence of the treaty!' Still, however, this
Hoiwi, in its iegi>lative capacity, must exerciser reason ;
it must deliberate ; for deliberation i« implied m legislation,
if it mu>t carry all treaties into effect, it would no longer
exercise a legislative power; it would be the mere msuu-
mentof the will of auothei department, arid wmild have no
will of'its own. Where the Gondiirution contains a specific
and peremptory injunction on Congress to do a particular
act, Congress mu-t,of course, do the act, because the Con-
stitution, which is paramount over all the departments,
has expressly taken away the legislative discretion of Con
gress. The case is essentially different where the act of
one depai tiiieut of Government interferes with a power ex-
pressly vested in another, and no where expressly taken
away : here the latter power must be exercised according
to its nature ; and if it he a legislative power, it mu.st be
exercised with that deliberation and discretion which is
essential to the. nature of legislative power."
i have said thus much upon this branch of the
subject, not so much because I considered it ne-
cessary upon the present occasion, as because I
desired, for one, to put upon record my opinions
of the power of this House over the appropriation
of money where it is required by treaty; and be-
cause I cannot foresee what may occur hereafter,
and I do not want to act blindfold upon this sub-
ject.
I will now, for a few moments, turn my atten-
tion to the consideration of the particular treaty
now before us, and give the reasons which induce
me to vote for this appropriation.
In the first place, the fact that the treaty has
been negotiated by the President, with the con-
sent of two thirds of the Senate, is a strong rec-
ommendation in favor of the treaty. So far as
the President himself is concerned, I have much
respect for his judgment, and great confidence in
the correctness of his purposes. I repeat, then,
that the fact that it comes with the recommenda-
tion of the President, is an argument to my mind
in its favor. The fact that if has received the
approbation of two thirds of the Senate—a body
composed of men as patriotic and intelligent as
can be found m the country—after mature delib-
eration; and the further.fact that the treaty is of
their own* making, they having refused to adopt
the first treaty, which they rejected and sent
back to Mexico. I say that these facts afford
a strong argument in its favor. But while I say
this, I do not say I would yield my views to any
such authority when they come in conflict,
I look to the treaty itself in the next place, and
I find enough in that instrument to satisfy me that
I ought to vote for the appropriation. The first
point I notice in it, is, that it settles the Mesilla
Valley difficulty. There is no doubt that a serious
difficulty exists between this country and Mex-
ico in regard to that territory. In running the
boundary line between the two countries, accord-
ing to the terms of the treaty of Guadalupe Hi-
dalgo, our commissioners and surveyors did not
agree. Our Government contended for one bound-
ary, and Mexico for another. The American
commissioners did agree with the Mexican com-
missioners in the first instance.
1 have read, with some degree of care, the views
of those who understand this subject, and i must
confess the argument, to my mind, is strongly in
favor of the American claim. And I so look upon
it, not because it is the American argument, but
because it is based upon the rules which should
have governed the commission in settling the
bpundary. But, sir, we do nut want to go to war
with Mexico. ( would rather, much rather, give
up the Mesilla Valley than to go to war with that
nation in her weak and distracted condition; much
rather would I yield to her demands, unreasonable
though they may be, than to go to war with her.
1 would shun war at any time by all honorable
means, but if we must have it, let us go to war
with a nation from which we may win glory, with
a nation equally powerful with ourselves, and not
a weak, distracted, convulsed,and tottering power
like Mexico. Sir, I am glad of the opportunity
to settle, by treaty, our difficulties with Mexico,
in a manner honorable to both parties; which will
satisfy the demands of that nation without too
great cost on our part.
Further, I think we have gained an i-mportant
point in obtaining a release from our obligations
on account of the eleventh article of the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo. I think, on referring to
the language of that treaty, it will be found that
there is strong ground for giving it the construc-
tion which the Mexican Government claim for it.
Here is the language:
" Art. II. Considering that a great part of the Terri-
tories which, by the present treaty, arc to be comprehended
lor the future within the limits of Uie United States, is now
occupied by savage tribes, who wilt hereafter be under the
exclusive control of the Government of the United States,
arid whose uicurMOtib within the ten itnry of Mexico would
he prejudicial m the extreme, it is solemnly agreed that all
such incnrfions shall be forcibly restrained by the Govcrri-
mentot the United Stales whensoever this may be neces-
sary; and lhat when they eannot be prevented, they shall
be punished by the said Government, and satisfaction lor
the same shall be exacted, alt in the same tony, and with
equal diligence and energy, as if the same ineurfions weie
meditated or committed within Us own Territories against
its own citizens.*1
Now, sir, this is the language selected by the
Mexican commissioners who made the treaty.
And, I ask, what could be more apt, more full,
more comprehensive, in conveying the idea of
obligation upon our part to protect the citizens of
Mexico to the fullest extent* We are to extend
to them th^ protection which, if placed under like
circumstances, we should extend to our own citi-
zens. And what degree of protection is necessarily
implied m this idea. Why, sir, when we con-
sider the power of this Government—a nation of
twenty-five millions of people, able to send one
million of soldiers into the field to protect the
rights of our citizens—what sort of protection is
it to be supposed they would afford ? Why, sir,
the most perfect the wit of man could devise.
And the Mexican commissioners, when they in-
serted this clause into the treaty, meant to stipu-
late for the utmost possible degree of protection
that human power could afford. And this is the
provision of a treaty extorted from thai nation
when they were prostrate in the dust; when their
energies and means had all been exhausted; when
our victorious armies traversed their country m
every direction, and their beautiful capital itself
was in our hands; when Mexico lay under our
feet, bleeding at every pore, this was the treaty
we forced upon her. And the question now is,
shall we screen ourselves from the obligations of
that treaty by a mere play of words ? On such
a play of words as the honorable member from*
Missouri [Mr. Bexton] used yesterday, that we
were not bound to extend to them any more pro-
tection than we had extended to our own cittzens;
that we had showed no energy or zeal in protect-
ing our own citizens, and that the want of energy
we showed in protecting our own citizens, was
the measure of energy that we were under obliga-
tions to bestow in protecting the people of Mexico.
Why, sir, has it come to this, that we shall use
our own wrong to relieve ourselves from the obli-
gations of treaties? Has it come to this, that
we shall use our own want of duty to our own
citizens as a reason why we should not do a
duty which we bound ourselves by treaty to per-
form to a foreign nation, and a weak and defense-
less nation, over which we had triumphed? I am
against that sort of morality I would not learn
morality in such a school. I say, those words
bind us in the strongest way in which language
can bind us, to have protected the border provinces
of Mexico. And if we have failed to do so—a fact
about which there is no d ispute—then we are bound'
to make indemnity. We sh'ould put them in the
same condition in which they would have been
had we performed our part of the treaty. That
is what I contend for. I would perform a treaty
with the weakest as with thegreatest power, and of
all powers the Mexican the most—that weak, that
distracted, that discordant power, which has been
in a state of chaos since it first struck for liberty;
the Government of which has been occupied by one
military despot after another; which has been torn
and convulsed with civil discord, and whose ruin
has been almost completed by our own arms. I
say that if there is any power on earth for which
I would go further to perforin treaties with than
another, it is this Mexican Power. I would act
towards her with generosity, good faith, justice,
and magnanimity. If we adopt the construc-
tion which the member from Missouri puts on
this treaty, and say that we are not liable, the
name of America will become a by-word. Amer-
ican faith will be worse than Punic failh. One
will be ashamed to acknowledge that he was an
American, if we thus play on words with a weak
and defenseless Power,
On the ground of obligations under this treaty
and the liabilities which we assume under its
eleventh article, I am m favor of voting this ap-
propriation, in order to get rid of them, it is an
article which, so long as it exists, may subject us
to great expense, and what i* more, if we refuse*
to perform it obligations, we shall strike a blow at
the reputation of our country, which should be
dearer to us than money. There is a clause in
the treaty, too, which says, that on any violation of
it, m any particular, either Government shall have
the right to refer the matter to arbitration, with
the exception that the other Government may re-
fuse to do so if it deems it utteily inconsistent
with its safety or inteiest. Then we should be
bound to refer this matter to arbitration. Who
would werefet it to? I doubt whether there could
be found a Government who would go into that
arbitration, who would not go into it with all us
sympathies on the side of Mexico, and we would
come out of the arbitration with ten, twenty, or
thirty miihons of dollars due to that nation. 1 am
unwilling to run the risk of that arbitration. I
think it wise to settle the matter by the treaty.
It has been said that the late Administration
offered $6,000,000 or $7,000,000 for the abrogation
of that eleventh article of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo. If that be true, then we have an addi-
tional reason for this treaty. That would be an
interpretation of-our own on the treaty, and we
would be estopped from denying our own liability.
There is one remaining view of this treaty that
recommends itself to my mind. It secures a rail-
road route to the Pacific. I do not desire this
route simply because it is a southern route, for I
am willing to see a road established at the North
and in the center. 1 look upon the prosperity of
the country with pleasure, and the making of
these great improvements,as so many indications
of the progress of the country. The Legislature
of the State of Texas have granted immense
tracts of land to enable a railroad to be run through
that State from the Louisiana line to El Paso, and
to secure its construction. From El Paso to the
head waters of the Gulf of California, or the navi-
gable waters of the river Gila, is not more than
four hundred and fifty miles. The construction
of this road would connect the Atlantic and Pa-
cific, but of course this road would pass on to
San Diego and eventually to San Francisco. I
think, therefore, that the southern route is the best
route for a railroad to the Pacific, for this reason,
among others which could be given, that it would
be the shortest route. This treaty is really valu-
able to the whole country because it secures this
great route. And for the reasons 1 have thus
hastily given I shall vote for the appropriation to
carry out the provisions of this treaty.
Mr. PECKHAM then obtained the floor and
addressed the Committee. His remarks will be
published in the Appendix.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. Mr. Chair-
man, I am not in the habit of taking up the time
of the committee in repeating what has been said
by others; and if any gentleman desires to speak
upon this subject, I will yield him the floor in ten
minutes. I merely wish to assign the reasons—
though they have been for the most part assigned
by gentlemen who have spoken before me—which
induce me to vote against the bill.
It has been denied in some quarters, and partic-
ulaily in the Union, which claims to be the mouth-
; piece of the Administration, that when a treaty
! is made it is the law of the land, and that we are
bound to carry it out. Whether the Administra-
tion has authorized or directed theUnion to make
an announcement of that kind I do not know. If
it has, that would be a sufficient reason with me
to resist this treaty, unless it be one indispensable
