1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1547
be abruptly terminated. For that reason, I voted
against the motion that the committee rise; and as
soon as we got into the House, I moved to return
into Committee of the Whole, because, as I then
stated, no quorum was present. And certainly,
in doing so, my purpose was not to violate any
understanding; for I was party to no such under-
standing myself; but my object was to enable the
gentleman who then had the floor, [Mr.GiDDiNGs,]
and other gentlemen who I supposed would seek
the floor, to continue the debate, which I saw would
be brought to an abrupt close through the efforts
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Peck-
ham.]
And besides, I never would have agreed to
allow the gentleman from New York to introduce
his resolution under the circumstances then exist-
ing. I never would have consented that a res-
olution which, considering its bearing and ob-
jects, involved so high and important a principle,
"relating, as it did, to the constitutional rights and
privileges of this House, should be voted upon
while there were only some thirty or forty mem-
bers present; or in any other way than by yeas
and nays.
It was from no disposition to prevent the intro-
duction of the resolution under proper circum-
stances, or to defeat the call for information, hut
because I saw that at the time it was offered, it
was impracticable to obtain it, and because I felt
certain that the House would find difficulty in
returning into committee, as they afterwards did,
that I made the motion that the House should
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the stale of the Union; and I requested that no
division might be called for on that motion, in
older that the want of a quorum might not be
made apparent.
Mr. HAVEN. I understood that the gentle-
man from Virginia wanted the information him-
self, and that he could not get it.
Mr. MILLSON. I did not say that I wanted
the information, nor did 1 express any opinion
whether the failure to call for it would, or would
not, be any surrender of the constitutional rights
of the House. What I did mean to say was,
that the resolution itself presented.^ very high
and important question, and that I, for one, would
not consent that this question should be voted
upon, except by yeas and nays, and in a full
House.
I do not intend to enter at large into the argu-
ment of this subject. I shall only state a few
general principles that seem to belong to it. I am
exceedingly gratified that nearly all the gentlemen
associated with me in political communion have
expressed views which meet my hearty approba-
tion.
Sir, it is an "unquestionable right of the House
of Representatives to call for information, and to
exercise its own free and independent judgment in
reference to the execution of any treaty which re-
quires the agency of this House. I entirely dis-
sent from the opinion expressed by some gentle-
men,that, because the President and Senate alone
are the treaty-making power, a treaty approved
by them becomes instantly the law of theland,
and imposes an obligation upon the other depart-
ments of the Government to carry it into effect.
The President and the Senate, it is true, are.the
treaty-making power; that is to say, they have
the sole right to negotiate treaties. But it is not
an unqualified and absolute right. In the initi-
ation of treaties, their jurisdiction is exclusive,
but not unlimited.
In the first place, a treaty imposes no such obli-
gation, when made in violation of the Constitu-
tion; and even when it is not inconsistent with
any provision of the Constitution, it does not fol-
low that in every such case it must necessarily be
carried into effect. When it stipulates for some-
thing that lies within the peculiar province of
some other department of the Government, the
assent of that department is indispensable to its
validity; and it cannot be commanded by what is
called the treaty-making power.
But, sir, let me first consider the case of an un-
constitutional treaty. I know it has been con-
tended by some—I hope very few are now charge-
able with this heresy—that every treaty is the
supreme law of the land; for that while the Con-
stitution declares that the laws of the United
States which shall be made in pursuance thereof,
shall be the supreme law of the land, it does not
impose this condition upon treaties, but provides
that "all treaties made, or which shall be made,
under the authority of the United States, shall be
the supreme law of the land." They infer from
this that a treaty need not he made in pursuance
of the Constitution; but if made by the Presi-
dent, with the concurrence of two thirds of the
Senate, it would be the supreme law of the land,
though it might undertake to nullify an express
provision of the Constitution itself.
If this were so, it would involve the absurdity
of supposing that there may be two inconsistent
supreme laws of the land,—the Constitution itself
directing one thing, and a treaty directing an-
other, and yet both of them being the supreme
law of the land, according to this fanciful method
of argumentation.
It would also involve the still greater absurdity
of supposing that the Constitution authmizes a
subordinate agency to destroy itself, and that this
treaty-making power, brought into existence only
by the Constitution, may survive the destruction
of that by which alone it lives.
But, sir, the language of the Constitution leaves
no occasion for this argument. For it does not
recognize all treaties that may be made by the
President and Senate as the supreme law of the
land, but only such as may be made under the
authority of the United States. What these States
may have prohibited in this Constitution, which
is the work of their hands, cannot be done under
their authority. A treaty, then, if unconstitu-
tional, has no validity, and we ought not to carry
it into effect.
And so, too, when a treaty contains astipula-
tion which, though not unconstitutional, relates to
a matter confided by the Constitution to some other
department of the Government, or withheld from
all, it does not transfer to the treaty-making power
the control over this matter. The rights of the
parties having the proper control over the subject
cannot be impaired or disturbed by the making of
such a treaty. Without their assent it can have
no validity. The inability to perform such an
engagement might lead to embarrassing conse-
quences; but the engagement itself would impose
no obligation, other than a persuasive one, upon
the party to whom the right to determine the ques-
tion properly belongs.
Suppose a treaty should be negotiated with
Great Britain, stipulating that the free blacks of
Jamaica should be allowed to remove to, and re-
side within, the limits of the State of South Caro- j
lina. There would be nothing unconstitutional in
it; I mean to say the treaty would not be in vio-'j
lation of any provision of the Constitution. But ;
it must be ratified by the State of South Carolina i
before it could go into effect. And if South Caro-
lina should refuse to ratify it, then all that could
be said would be, that the President and the
Senate had negotiated upon a subject which was
not within their jurisdiction, and hadnot been con-
fided to those branches of the Government.
And, sir, whenever the President and Senate
make a treaty, the stipulations of which impose
burdens upon the people'which the Constitution
requires to belaid by the House of Representatives,
in conjunction with the other branch of Congress,
then the President and Senate cannot, of them-
selves, lay such burdens. It would require the
concurrent action of the House of Representatives
in that case, in the same manner that it would
need the assent of the State of South Carolina in
the case I have supposed; and simply because the
subject of the treaty is beyond the exclusive cog-
nizance of the President and Senate. We see,
then, sir, that the question is not whether the
President and Senate alone have the right to make
a treaty, but what kind of treaty they have a
right to make; not whether the House should be
a party in making the treaty, but how far the
, House is bound by the treaty when made.
| It cannot be said that the good faith of the
country would be violated by the refusal of the
House of Representatives to assent to such a
treaty—that foreign nations could justly exact a
compliance with its stipulations. They must, at
their peril, understand the powers of those with
whom they tieat. If a treaty were to be nego-
tiated by the President alone, without the sanc-
tion of the Senate, would the foreign Government
have a right to say: "We will lioid you respon-
sible for the Ireaty. We know nothing about
your Senate, and have had no negotiation with
them. We know nothing of your Constitution,
and it is not our part to understand it. It is
enough for us to know that the treaty has been
made by the Chief Executive Magistrate of the
Union, and we hold the whole people bound by
its terms?" Why, sir, our reply would be, that
is a matter of which you are bound to take no-
tice. The President cannot make a treaty which
shall be obligatory upon the United States, with-
out'the concurrence of two thirds of the Senate.
Sir, that answer would be sufficient. They could
not insist upon the execution of a treaty made by
the President alone.
In the same manner, if it be the right of the
House of Representatives, as I have endeavored
to show it is, to withhold their assentfrom treaties
involving an appropriation of money, foreign
nations cannot plead their ignorance of our Con-
stitution. They are bound to understand, that
though a treaty be made by the President, and
concurred in by the Senate, it still cannot be car-
ried into execution until it has received the sanc-
tion of the law-making power. Mexico, there^
fore, would, m the present instance, haveno right
to complain of any want of good faith should the
House refuse this appropriation; because she was
bound to inform herself of the powers of our ne-
gotiators, and is presumed to know that the treaty
could not be of perfect obligation upon the United
States without the assentofthis House.
But, sir, while these are my views, and while 1
am gratified to know that nearly every gentleman
who has spoken in this debate has insisted upon
these constitutional rights of the House of Rep-
resentatives, it is another question, on what oc-
casion we should exercise this privilege of defeat-
ing a treaty. Here is a treaty sent to us for our
inspection. By the conditions of that treaty, the
ratifications are to be exchanged within six months
of the 30th of December last. We are now within
some three days of the expiration of that term.
Sir, it is, I think, unfortunate that so little time
has been allowed the House of Representatives for
the consideration of this question. We all under-
stand the reason. We all, personally and individ-
ually, know why we are called upon thus hastily
to act on so important a subject. We understand,
as my colleague [Mr. Bocock] has stated, that this
treaty went some months ago to the Senate; that
it underwent a very protracted investigation there;
that important alterations were made; that it was
sent back fo Mexico, and that it has lately been
agreed to by that Government in its amended
form. I say we all, individually and unofficially,
know these facts. I regret, to be sure, that the
facts themselves were not stated, or, at least, that
some allusion to them was not made in the mes-
sage of the President accompanying the treaty.
1 regret that the President did not, in the com-
munication which he recently sent to us, state why
it was that so importanta treaty, and so important
a message, were not sent to the House at an earlier
period. We know, indeed, that it could nothave
been sent at an earlier period; and I am not im-
puting any sort of blame to the Administration
for the delay that has occurred. As the treaty ha3
just been received from Mexico, it could not have
been sent here sooner. Still, it would have been
well to insert in this State paper some allusion to
these facts, which may not be so generally known
at some future period as they now are to the mem-
bers of this House. I think it would have been
only a proper submission to the constitutional
rights of the House of Representatives to give, in
the message itself, some explanation of the reason
why it was withheld till so late a period; and I
think it unfortunate that it was not done. I do not
doubt that it would have been done, had the atten-
tion of the President been directed to the subject.
I feel sure that he does not entertain the opinion
that the House has no higher or further agency,
in such cases, than simply to make an appropri-
ation of the stipulated sum of money, without in-
quiry into the facts, or any consideration of conse-
quences. But I do notthink he reflected upon the
inference that may hereafter be drawn from the
silence ofthc message upon this "sub ject. The fact
that it was not sent to us till within eight or nine
days of the period fixed for the payment of the
money, may, at some future time, be urged by
those who deny the constitutional rights of the
House, as an argument to show thatthe President
regarded the House as under an antecedent obli-
gation to carry the treaty into effect, without any
