1548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
investigation of its nature, or of the circumstances
under which it was formed, and that the House
submitted to this interpretation of their duties.
If this investigation were practicable now, I
should be inclined to insist upon it, before we
mode a final disposition of the bill. But as it is
not, I am unwilling to defeat the treaty merely
because it might turn out to be a bad one. Even
if alight objections should appear upon its face—
even if any should suppose the benefits secured
not altogether answerable to the price required to
be paid—something is certainly due to the delib-
erate judgment of the Piesidentand the Senate,
Mr. BOCOGK next addressed the committee.
His remarks will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I
desire to state what I understand to be some of
the facts in regard to this treaty. I understand
that this Gadsden treaty has been the subject of
tonversation m this city for the last five or six
months. 1 understand, also, that a document pur-
porting to be a copy of the original treaty was pub-
lished in some of the New York papers, and that
it is in some respects the same with the official
copy now before us. But this matter has been
sufficiently explained by my colleague, and I will
not make further allusion to it.
On the 21st of the present month, the President
of the United States sent a message to this House
asking an appropriation of $10,000,000 to carry
thus treaty into effect. The treaty is plain and in-
telligible, and was published inaW the papers of the
city on the next morning, the 22d, on which day
a copy of it was in the hands of every member
of this House. These are undoubted and unmis-
takable facts. Those who are hostile to the ap-
propriation asked for, and are opposed to this
particular treaty, desire light, they say, upon the
subject. If they were true to themselves, if they
really desired to obtam the information which they
deem so important, most assuredly they ought to
have availed themselves of the earliest opportunity
for obtaining such information.
But what is the fact, sir? The sharp, shrewd
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] who
puts questions, and answers them himself, who
seems to have been deeply impressed with the
necessity for information on this subject, is as
cairn as a summer morning. Not a whisper is
heard, not an effort made, not an attempt origin-
ated in this House, for the purpose of obtaining
information. None whatsoever. It lies over till
Monday, on which day the gentleman from New
Yoik, on my right, [Mr. Peckmam,] offers the
resolution leferred to in this day's debate. That
resolution sought for information which the gen-
tleman says the Executive might or might not
have communicated. I do not now recollect the
terms of the resolution; but that is, 1 undeistand,
his construction of it.
Suppose, however, the call for information were
an imperative one, the gentleman knows, and this
committee knows, perfectly well—and no one can
pretend to ignore the fact—that the Executive
ought not to have communicated the information
sought, unless a due regard for the public interests
permitted him to do so. Suppose that the devel-
opments m that correspondence were of a charac-
ter injuriously to affect our public interest, arid
our it'lafions with foreign Powers, is there a
member of this committee that would now say
such mfoi niatton ought to have been communi-
cated? Suppose that, upon, such a call as that
proposed iri the resolution, the Executive should
reply that, in his judgment, the public interests
would not justify the communication of the in-
formation asked by this House. I ask the com-
mittee what would have been the consequence
then? How would the enlightened gentleman
from Maine have acted? How would the gentle-
man from the Albany district [.Mr. Peckmam]
have acted, when he would have to sit down in
darkness, seeking information which it was incon-
sistent wi h the public interest to communicate?
Who would have then ventured to suppose that a
coordinate branch of the Government—entrusted
by the Constitut'ilfi with power to negotiate tiea-
ties—had not wisely exercised their trust for the
good of the country, and that it would be unwise
and improper for the House to appropriate the
requisite sum ot money for the execution of the
treaty? And yet we would have acted then in the
dark, just as we will probably act now, with no
other mfmm&tion than the treaty itself, and that
general knowledge possessed by us all. Now, I
ask this committee, was there any re«l dpsire to
get the information? 1 put the" question to the
gentlemen here, whether, m the efforts that have
been made by them, and the neglect practiced,
they were seeking lor light3
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. We did want
the light, and i would have made the call for
information last week if I did not know very well
that the resolution would have been objected to
by the same gentlemen who have objected to the
resolution of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. SMITH. My dear sir, there is a way of
getting- over such objections.
Mr. WASHIUTRN. In what way could ob-
jection have been got over last week?
Mr. SMITH. Why, by appealing to the gen-
tleman objecting, or to the House. 1 suppose the
rules might have been suspended.
Mr. WASHBURN. On what day last week
could they have been suspended ?
Mr. SMITH. Why, on any day after the
subject was introduced; and it might have been
done even on Monday.
Mr. WASHBURN. The motion was made
for the veiy purpose on that day.
Mr. SMITH. Exactly; I know it was. And
I hold that it was perfectly right to object to it.
Permit me to say, that when gentlemen who are
always on the luok out here for information, as
they say .neglect to use all the means at their com-
mand to procuie it, the fact of such neglect leaves
it to be inferred that they have other purposes m
view than those which they profess. The gentle-
man from Maine infers a good deal himself in ref-
erence to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, who is not here to take care of him-
self; and he appeals to the candor and frankness
of my colleague [Mr. Bocock] to admit his infer-
ences. I do not wish to infer any want of candor
and sincerity on the part of gentlemen here, when
I say that some of us may have very different con-
ceptions as to what constitutes candor and frank-
ness. Some gentlemen, when their candor is
appealed to, might, in the fullness of their heart,
answer with a frankness from which others under
like circumstances might shrink; and so theie
might be no reciprocity in this species of political
dialectics.
I advert to this because I cannot understand
what was meant by the gentleman from the Buf-
falo district, [Mr. Haven,] and by the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] if they really
mean what they profess. They are certainly gen-
'tlemen of very high intelligence, and of large ex-
perience here. And I mean no reflection when I
compliment their intelligence. Yet, «ir, they lie
still—and the gentleman from New York is the
first to move—they he still and allow themselves
to wait, and submit their application for informa-
tion at so late a period, that they must know that,
if granted, it could not be done without hindering
and delaying the action of the committee and of
the House. Suppose this resolution had been
adopted. We know very well that a voluminous
and very extensive correspondence must have pre-
ceded the treaty, the subject of negotiation for
months; and if all the information in connection
with that subject—as the character of the resolu-
tion would seem to imply—was to be communi-
cated to the House, could it have been sentheie
within an hour, as the gentleman says? No, sir;
no man ought to pretend that it could be; and
the effect of passing the resolution at this late hour,
would be to postpone the action of this House
until a tune when it would be too late to execute
the treaty, which requires the money asked to be
paid in New York by the 30th day of the present
month.
But a contrast here strongly presents itself to
my mind. We all recollect the Jay treaty. It
was about the years 1794,1795, and 1796. Weil,
at that very tune there were three other treaties
before the House. A resolution was offered to
unite them all. They were, I think, the French
treaty, the Spanish treaty, the British treaty, and
the Indian treaties. Those upon my side of the
House—I think I may say my side of the House,
for ( hold that I am a descendant of that school
of politicians—those upon my side of the House
demanded information, when called upon*for an
appropriation to carry Jay's treaty into effect.
The friends of Jay, however, and of the treaty,
interposed much more emphatic opposition than
that which Iirs been made here from any quarter.
New York men then were standing up against the
call; New York men now stand up for the call.
But the State has been enlightened since that
day. Parties have changed. Tempora mutanturt
et nos mutamur in illis. A different state of things
exists now. W hy, sir, this House was then called
upon to act, and to appropriate money for the pur-
pose of executing that treaty, without other in-
formation than the treaty, and in the dark, or, at
least, with only a few scraps of information drawn
from the Senate, or which, from the secrets of
the Administration, had found their way to the
House.
With this and many such precedents before
them, why do gentlemen take on as they do, and
why have they postponed their requirements for
intormation to so late a period, that, if granted,
would produce the loss of the treaty. Let me tell
the gentleman that the House will not allow such
a result to arise from their action; and the coun-
try will not countenance a movement which will
embarrass an important acquisition of territory by
any such pretenses.
But one thing more. I stepped into the Hall
when the venerable gentleman from New York
[Mr. Perkints] was upon the floor, and just as he
was saying that he would not vote away the peo-
ple's money unless he had light upon the subject.
Sir, it seems to be the fashion of the day to put
questions to the candor of others. Now, I put it
to the candor of the venerable gentleman to say
whether that is the only reason of his opposition
to this bilP
Mr. PERKINS. I will answer the gentleman.
My opposition is based on the ground 'hat we
have not the information on which to act I want
the basis of these negotiations; and 1 would have
voted for a resolution calling for them.
Mr. SMI TH. Well, sir, I will ask another
question, though I \fcrill not press for an answer.
1 should like to know whether the gentleman fiom
New York has not some other reason for his
opposition ?
Mr. PERKINS. I do not believe that I have.
Mr. SMITH. Well, sir, 1 culled the gentle-
man out for #n explanation, and I am bound to
accept the one he gives. 1 was under the im-
pression, however, that there were some other
reasons which actuated the course of the honor-
able gentleman.
Mr. PERKINS. Will the gentleman state
what he means?
Mr. SMJTH. I understood that, in conversa-
tion, he took the ground that this was a result of
the policy of the South. 1 shall be glad to know
that I am mistaken; and I am, of course, bound to
take the answer given by the gentleman himself.
But I did understand that the gentleman had ex-
pressed it as his opinion that the South were
steadily pursuing a policy by which they would
enlarge their own territory until they weie satis-
fied, with a view of their dissolving the Union
and establishing themselves as a great southern
Republic.
Mr. PERKINS. I did not say that; but I will,
at the proper time, tell the gentleman what I said
in the conversation to which he alludes. What!
said had no relation to this bill.
Mr. SMITH. Well, sir, I am glad to know
the gentleman did not; for 1 have, in many re-
spects, participated with others in forming a very
high impression of him. But I had heaid that he,
and perhaps others, were acting upon this ques-
tion from sectional motives; and I have, therefoie,
sought the opportunity to set them thus distinctly
before the House. There is, I think, or ought to
be, no difficulty upon this subject.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. If the gentle-
man fiom Virginia will allow me. Did 1 under-
stand the gentleman from New York to assert
tho.-e as his opinions upon which he had acted ?
Mr PERKINS, of New York. No, sir. I
will tell the gentleman what I did say. I expressed
the idea that in the event of the acquisition of a
targe section of country to the southern section of
the Union, that I believed a portion of the people
of the South had that result in contemplation. In
reference to this little strip of land, however, it is
too insignificant to be spoken of m such a con-
nection. i have no sort of objection to it fiom
any such ground. But in reference to the annex-
ation of large tracts of country, I believe that is
the policy of nullification from beginning to end.
