1550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
first be recognized by the Presiding Officer. The
floor must be given to him before he can say any-
thing. He cannot, in fact, speak a senatorial
speech, or utter a senatorial word, until he has
the floor of the Senate for that purpose. How
garbled would be your reports, if a Senator was
at liberty to go to the reporter of the Senate, after
remarks were made, and tell him that " here, at
this point, i said so-and-so; I pronounced the
speaker as uttering a falsehood; I pronounced him
base; I pronounced him a coward; I pronounced
him a liar;" and all that should be published the
next day without any remark in response to it.
I say, therefore, as a matter of parliamentary fact
and usage, the Senator could not have uttered the
words. He had not the floor on any occasion for
that purpose at all.
Sir, an instance occurred between myself and
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,]
which may illustrate this matter very well. That
Senator, when the Nebraska bill was returned to
us from the House, during the course of his re-
marks upon it, asked me dirtctly, whether I ex-
pected, by a repeal of the Missouri compromise,
that there would be a better Taw and a better policy
established for the Territories of Nebraska and
Kansas, than their then law? That Senator gave
me the floor to reply. He took his seat; he de-
sired to have me answer. I got up. The Presi-
dent recognized me. The Senator yielded me the
floor. I responded to him in words which I rec-
ollect distinctly, and which he recollects. 1 said,
I did not expect they would get a better law; but
that I did believe they would get precisely ihe
same law, and that my object in repealing the ex-
isting law, and allowing them to make their own,
was that it should be the result of their own be-
getting; that it would come from their own loins,
and they would love and cherish it as the father
did his legitimate offspring. That Senator, not-
withstanding I had the floor, and had the right\to
make that response, saw fit, in the publication of
his speech to leave it out entirely. I made no
complaint. The Senator, after his speech was
published,cameand mentioned ittome. I should
never have read his speech to see whether it was
published or not. it was possible that the Sena-
tor was not willing that my reply should go with
his question. It was possible that he was unwill-
ing the historian hereafter, in hunting up the rec-
ord of his life and actions, should find my name
in juxtaposition with his. However that may
be on his part, perhaps I should be as reluctant
to have it found there as the Senator himself.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator allow me
the floor?
Mr.PETTIT. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. I called upon the Senator the
next day after the publication of my remarks, and
explained to him that the report was deficient in
the omission of his remarks, owing to the fact that
the report was printed from my own notes of the
sperch, and not from those of the reporter. I
explained the case to him briefly, and told him
that, if he desired, I would have his remarks in-
serted.
Mr. PETT1T. Certainly the Senator said all
that; and I said to him that it was wholly imma-
terial, but there was an instance where the remaiks
of the Senator, who was called to the floor, and
who had it legitimately, were left out of the pub-
lished official proceedings; but, sir, this is a dif-
ferent case. This is a case of putting in that which
was not uttered upon the floor, and that which
would have been untrue if it had been so uttered;
and I will establish it.
But in laying out the premises, I have a further
complaint to make. I went to the printing office
to see the first impression, the proof sheet as it is
called, of the remarks which I made. 1 went at
a late hour, ft was about eleven o'clock at
night. They were furnished me at the office of
the Globe, i took them to my room, promising
to return them by eight o'clock the next morning.
On reading them over, I was never more surprised
in my life than f was to find in my speech the
rein&rks which I have read, as purporting to come
from the Senator from Massachusetts, and to
which I made no response, f could make no
re^nonf-e, for I did not hear them. I could make
nov!<?, !,ermine fhey were not utfered. I took my
re"! and <^n^k :Vm out entirely. I said they
v/ere never utterej, that they formed no part of
the procedings during my remarks upon that day.
I carried them back atone o'clock that night, with
a witness with me, to the printing office. I told
the foreman of the official printer of the reports of
the Senate that they formed no part of the Senate
proceedings whilst I was making my remarks,
and that they should not be published. Despite of
that, I see that your official reporter has reinstated
them; remarks which were never made, and which
the Senator who was speaking at that time for-
bade to be published. So far I have a complaint
against the official reporter. It is not personal
against Mr. Rives, for although I saw him when
I got the first impression I did not see him when
I returned it, but his foreman was there. I do
not know his name, and I do not know that I
should recognize him if "I were to see him again;
but such is the fact. A gentleman of this city
was with me at the time.
Sir, I have said that these remarks were not
made upon the floor of the Senate Chamber, that
they could not be made technically when the Sen-
ator was in his seat. He could not speak without
rising and addressing the President of the body;
but, as a matter of fact, they were not made, as I
will establish now. I shall be compelled to read
what E was saying in connection with this matter.
Here is what I was saying:
<£ I a>sk that Senator—you, who to-day have stultified
yourself—you who have said that the solemn oath which
you took at that stand, administered by the X>resident of
this body upon the holy Evangelists of God, kissing the
book, giving seal and sanction to your asseveration—you,
who have said to day that you would spit upon that oath,
would disregard its obligations "
Then, accerding to the report, the Senator
broke in with the exclamation "Never! never!"
I suppose this meant that he did not say techni-
cally what I attributed to him, that he would spit
upon his oath and the Constitution. Then I pro-
ceeded thus:
ct You, who denied it; denied its power to bind you; you,
who said you would not maintain the Constitution of the
United States "
According to the report, at this point comes in
the Senator from Massachusetts, thus:
" Mr. Sumner. I said I recognized no obligation in the
Constitution of the United States to bind me to help to re-
duce a man to slavery."
By my remarks which immediately follow, it
will be seen that 1 did not answer this. Why?
Because no such thing was uttered. I went on to
say:
" Mr. Pettit. I ask you, do you claim to be the equal
of your revolutionary sires?
u The Presiding Officer. The Senator must address
the Chan, not the Senator from Massachusetts."
Thus you see, sir, I went on without paying
the least attention to the alleged denial of the Sen-
ator. Now, I wish to turn to what was said while
the Senator from South Carolina was speaking,
and we shall see that the Senator from Massachu-
setts said no such thing, and that if he had said it
whilst I was speaking, it would have been untrue.
He did not say it at all, and 1 had no opportunity
to respond to it. Now, let us tuin to what did take
place whilst the Senator from South Carolina was
speaking. Hesaid the Senators from Massachusetts
proposed to repeal the fugitive slave law, and he
wished to know whether they would send back
fugitives slaves, under the provision of the Con-
stitution, if that law were repealed. Here is the
report, as published:
" Would they send fugitives hack to us after trial by juiy,
or any other mode? Will thus honorable Senator [Mr.
Sumner] tell me that he will do it ?
u Mr. Summer. Does the honorable Senator ask me if
I would personally join in sending a fellow-man into bond-
age. "
Mark, that even if this is not an interpolation
by his order to the reporter, it is not a question
put by the Senator from South Carolina, but it is
a question put to himself by the Senator from
Massachusetts. There is no response. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina does not say that he
asked that question, but what then doe* the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts say ? u Is thy servant
a dog that he should do this thing." Sir, the
history of Hazael may well have been applied to
the man who uttered these words, for he proved
himself to be a dog. The prophet—the man of
God told Hazael that he should be the murderer
of his master the king of Syria; that he should
oppress and persecute the Jews; thar he should
slay and destroy them;that he should putto death
their men, women, and children. Then it was
that Hazael said " is thy servant a dog that he
should do this thing." But the very next day
he showed himself to be that dojr. The very next
day he falsified what the prophet had said. After
the king asked him what had the man of God
replied to the query, as to whether he should recover
his health, he lyingly told him that the prophet
had said he should surely recover and not die.
Sir, the words of Hazael used by the Senator from
Massachusetts as classic, came from Hazael the
murderer, the ingrate, the usurper. On the very
next day the Senator's prototype smothered his
master, the king, with a wet blanket, put him to
death, ascended the throne, and spread bloodshed
and destruction throughout the land. Sir, the
Senator's response was very illy chosen.
But what further is there m this1* Immediately
after-the statement of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, the Senator from South Carolina went on,
and the report thus proceeds:
"Mr. Butler. These are the prettiest speeches that I
ever heard. [Laughter.] He has them turned down in a
book by him, I believe, and he has them so elegantly fixed
that t cannot reply to them. [Laughter.J They are toe deli-
cate for my use. [Renewed laughter.] They arc beautiful
things ; made in a lactory of rhetoric somewhat of a pecu-
liar shape. But, I must "be permitted to s?ay, not ot a defi-
nite texture. Now, what docs he mean by talking about
his not being a dog? [Continued laughter.] What has
that to do with the Constitution, or the constitutional obli-
gations of a State ? [Laughter ] Well, «ir, it was a beauti
ful sentiment, no doubt, as h« thought, and peihaps he
imagined he expressed it with Demosthenian abruptness
and eloquence. [Laughter.] Iaskedhim whetherhe would
execute the Constitution of' the United Slates without any
fugitive slave law, and he answered me, is hp a dog 
" Mr. Sumner. The Senator asked me if I would help
to reduce a fellow-man to bondage ? I answered him."
Now, the Senator from South Carolina asked
no such question. No such question was put by
him. He asked the Senator from Massachusetts
whether he would abide by the Constitution, and
return the man already a slave. He did not speak
of reducing a man to slavery. There is no man
in the country North or South who could be got
to reduce a fellow-being, who is not a slave, to sla-
very or bondage. There is no one for whom 1 would
have a greater contempt than he who would seek
to reduce a man from the condition of freedom to
the condition of slavery. But that is a very dif-
ferent thingfrom controlling a man who is already
so reduced, and is already a slave. But we find
that immediately after the Senator from Massa-
chusetts made this statement, the Senator from
South Carolina, thus proceeded:
" Mr. Butler. Then you would not obey the Constitu-
tion. Sir, [turning to Mr. Sumner,] standing here before
this tribunal, where you swore to support it, you rise and
tell me that you regaid it the office of a dog io enforce it.
You stand in my presence, a^ a coequal Senator, and tell
me that it is a dog's office to execute the Constitution of the
United States ?
" Mr. Pratt. Which he has sworn to support.
" Mr. Sumner. I recognize no such obligation.55
That is the language?*'! recognize no such
obligation." What obligation? Why, sir, the
Constitution and the oath which he had taken to
support that instrument. At the point where the
interpolation of which I complain comes in my re-
marks, I am using no smooth or honeyed terms,
I confess, in reference to the Senator, for I admit
it was the most abhorrent thing I had ever heard
in or out of the Senate, in reference to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and the obligations
of its officers under it. What, sir, are Senators
in high official position to publicly declare that
they disregard the Constitution and the oath they
have taken to support it? Suppose the President
of the United States should make that declaration,
how soon would the other House present articles
of impeachment against him, and how promptly
would this Senate pronounce judgment of expul-
sion or removal from office against him ? What
is the consequence ? If the President, his Cabinet,
your military commanders, the judges of your
courts, your Senators and Representatives, may
repudiate the obligation to perform the oath to
support the Constitution, all is chaos, ail is wild-
ness; and so far from theGoverriment being stable,
in which the rights of individuals are fixed and
chaotic secure, it is a mass of confusion, with-
out form, unshapely, and uncomely. All the hor-
rors of anarchy and civil war must necessarily
ensue.
No annunciation, therefore, could have greeted
my esrs so harshly as to hear a fellow-Senator
say that he disregarded the obligation of his oath
to support the Constitution of his country. Then,
after my making this statement, came in the alleged
