1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1551
remark of his. Thus hetookmyspeech and altered j
it in the hands of the reporter, after it was written ,
down, and he put in whatever he pleased. The I
Senator said he called me to order because he did ■
use those words. 1 say he did not, and I will ;
prove it. It is never worth while to go to war !
until you have the guns loaded, i have the Paix- i
hans charged. j
Mr. President, I need not repeat that the Sena- ;
tor had not the floor, and therefore could not have !
used the words; and if he said them in an under !
tone, they had no right to go in the report at all. I
How was I to answer them? He might have j
said anything else, ever so offensive to me, in the j
game manner, and with the same propriety that !
he claims to have said this. But I have said he j
did not use the words in point of fact, and I now j
proceed to prove it. Not only did I not hear
them, not only had he no right to utter them, but
he, lft fact, drd not utter them, as I will show.
This morning I addressed a letter to the reporter,
Mr. Sutton, asking him whether these remarks
were in the report when I had concluded my
speech—whether they were in the stenographic
notes—whether the Senator from Massachusetts \
did not go to him, after the adjournment of the j
Senate—for it will be recollected that immediately
upon the conclusion of my remarks the Senate
adjourned, the only intervening business being
the obtaining of the floor by the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Dixon.] 1 asked him whether
the Senator from Massachusetts did not go to him ;
and have those words interpolated, or have what
he is reported to have said, altered and changed.
I have Mr. Sutton's letter in reply, dated this
morning, addressed to me, and I will read it for
the benefit of the Senator:
(i In answer to the several inquiries in your note of this
morning's date, I beg to state that the woids reported
to have been delivered by Mr. Sumner, 41 said I recog
flized no obligation in the Constitution ot the United States
to bind me to help to reduce a tnan to slavery,5 were not
in the short-hand notes of that day's debate."
They were not in the notes. He says, " Mr.
Sumner called upon me after the adjournment."
What right had he to call on the reporter, and
interpolate into my remarks things which he did
not say—things that should have been promptly
answered, and would have been by me promptly
denied, as not containing the truth ? He went
and called on the reporter after the Senate ad-
journed, and told him to insert this, as being what
he said. It was false, because he could not have
said it. *It was false, because he did not say it.
Mr. Sutton's note proceeds:
"Mr. Sumner called upon me after the adjournment
to revise the remarks he had delivered, winch is a right
reserved to Senatois."
The words are, " revise the remarks h% deliv-
ered." I say he had delivered no remarks. He
had not the floor, and could have made no sen-
atorial remarks. He had not the floor to make
any remarks, and therefore had none to revise;
but his object designedly was to put me m the
position of'not contradicting that statement, which
was entirely the reverse of what I was saying.
He went to revise his remarks. I went to the
official printer's to revise my remarks, and I said
distinctly that the alleged remarks of the Senator
from Massachusetts were not made. I took a
pen and blotted them entirely out, as falsehood
oughtalways to be blotted out; and yet the printer
reinstated them. Such a course of conduct will,
not do in an official printer, or in his subalterns.
The letter goes on:
" As rhe notes had been transcribed, and the transcript
sent to the printing office, at his request the short hand
notes were read to linn, and he dictated the changed form
in winch they appear."
He dictated the changed form ! Did he utter
these words? He cannot get even a reporter to
say that he used them m ever so silent a tone.
"He dictated the changed form in which they appear.
As originally written, that part oi your s>peeeh and Mi.
Sumner's obseivations stood thus."
His observations had no light in the debate, for
had he not the floor to make them. But the re-
porter says that, as written out originally, they
ii stood thus:"
<k 1 ask that Senator—you, who to-day have stultified
yom^olf— jou, who have said that the solemn oath which
you took tut ho stand, administered by the President of this
t i->dj upon tnc holy Evangelists ot God, Kismujt the book,
giving seal and sanction to your uss^voratioo-----> on. «'ho
have haul ro-dav that you would spit upon that oath, would
disregard its obligations 
" Mr. Sumner. Never! never! j
" Mr. Pettit. You who denied it; you who denied its J
power lo bind you; you, who said you would not maintain j
the Constitution of the United Static. I
| "Mi. Sumner. J said 1 never would surrender a fugi-
tive slave." ;
Thus it seems that as the Senator's alleged j
remark stood in the reporter's notes, it was " 1 i
said I never would surrender a fugitive slave."
Is that what he has interpolated here? Even if
that had stood, he had no right to have that in-
serted. I did not yield him the floor for the pur-
pose of saying that. He was not on the floor.
He could not have uttered those words sena- j
torially. But are those words the same as pub-
lished? How changed is the whole of it? "Who
asked that Senator, what man from the North or
the South asked him, or any other Senator, to
reduce a man to slavery? No one. His remark,
as interpolated in my speech, in violation of all
propriety, courtesy, and truth, reads thus:
" Mr. Sumner. I said I recognized no obligation in the
Constitution of the United States to bind me to help lo
reduce a man to slavery "
Theoiiginal notes, as taken down, were:
L said I never would surrender a fugitive slave." I
It is evident, from my remarks, which imme-
diately follow, that 1 did not hear this at all, and
that, therefore, these words were not spoken sen-
atorially.^ The report goes on, immediately after
these words, to say:
" Mr. Pettit. I ask you, do you claim to be the equal
of your i evolutionary biios ? "
This runs on in connection with what I was
saying without interpolation of any kind, original
or suppositious. Then we find this:
"The Presiding Officer. The Senator must address
the Ohaii, and not the Senator from Massachusetts.
" Mr. Pftht. I ask the Chair, then, whether the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, with this odium on his lips, is the
equal ot his revolutionaiy sires?"
Of course, I meant the odium of his having
said, m his response to the Senator from South
Carolina, that he disregarded all such obligations as
maintaining the Constitution which he had sworn
here to support. He said, directly and emphatic-
ally, that he disregarded all such obligations.
Then, as I have said, after my speech was over,
and after we had adjourned, he sent to the reporter
and interpolated what he did not say, and what
he could not say, and what I have shown he did
not say in any form or in any manner whatever.
Now, sir, how a man can reconcile such a course
to his own sense of propriety, if he have any sense
of propriety left, I do not know. I leave that
Senator to reconcile it. I only say, that if he ut-
tered any such words, 1 should have promptly
said then, as I say now, that he did not make any
such response to the Senator from South Carolina;
but, on the contrary, did say what I was charging
him with, and what the report shows he did
directly say—that he disregarded the obligation.
few words now, sir, before 1 sit down, in
reference to the rights of Senators to have the
control of that which is to be printed as_ theirs. ;
The resolution employing the Senate official re- >
porter secures to each Senator, expressly, the right
of revising his own remarks—his own speech. For
that purpose I went to the printing office. For j
that purpose I was courteously presented, Mr. I
Rives himself being there, with the first impres- j1
sion of my remarks. 1 took them to my room, j
and, as I have said, was utterly surprised to find j
that any such thing was reported in connection
with them. I pronounced it false. I took the
sheet back to the office with that interruption
utterly obliterated, saying it was false, and should
not be published witli my remarks, cutting my
speech entirely in two, and inserting that which
did not and could not have taken place at all. In
violation of that, the employee of the official re-
porter and printer of the debates reinstated those
remarks, and published tnem in all their obnox- {
ious form. It is time that the Senate inquired into ,
this matter. We must know whether we do, or ,
do not control our remarks, or whether the caprice
of a man who may be temporarily employed m that
office is to determine what is to be pot into a Sen-
ator's speech. As well might the printer have
inserted that that Senator said I was a liar, that
I falsified the truth, that I was not lo be believed,
I that i was traducing or abusing hull, or any other
] offensive woids, as to have inserted wnat I nave
1 alluded to. The words were not uttered; they I
could not have been uttered in form or in fact, of
that t informed the printer; but despite of that
notice, he has put them in. Sir, it is time some
step were taken to know what is to go into our
official reports. Is every side-bar, or undertone
remark which ma^be made here, to be inserted?
Shall I find published to-morrow morning, with
these few desultory remarks of mine, statements
of that or any other Senator disrespectful, con-
tradictory, abusive, or anything else? Shall any
Senator go to-mght to the official reporter, and
tell him that during my remarks he said so and
so, which would have been the grossest indignity
and insult to me ? Is what he so tells the reporter
he said, to be printed with my remarks, not by
mistake, but after they have been stricken out and
obliterated by me, and their publication positively
forbidden ? Is he to publish them under such cir-
cumstances ? The Senator from Massachusetts
can alter his own speeches, but cannot touch mine.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I do not un-
dertake to determine the proper rule for the re-
porters, but I content myself with simply repeating
that the remarks in question were made by me
substantially as reported. On calling upon the
reporter with the notes of the speech delivered by
me in the Senate on that day, he read to me, at
my request, the remarks of the honorable Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] so far as
they especially related to me, and also my inter-
ruptions of those remarks. I had not supposed
that anything from nie during the speech of the
Senator from Indiana would find a place in the re-
port; but the reporter himself kindly volunteered
to say that he had, in his report, notes of, some-
thing that I said during the speech of ttiat Sena-
tor. "Read them, then," said I. He did so.
The first was the exclamation "Never! nev-
er !" in reply to one of the charges of the Senator.
The second was still another and larger inter-
ruption, which being read, I said to the reporter,
" These remarks were made from my seat, and I
did not suppose that they reached your ear. The
latter remark is not taken down precisely as it fell
from me. It was substantially as follows." Arid
with his pencil he wrote down what I then said,
and I left him. That is the last I saw of the re-
porter in connection with this affair. I did not
seethe remarks in print until I read them in the
Globe, nor did I express to the reporter or printer
any further request with reference to them. The
Senator says he told the printer not to publish
them; and that, notwithstanding this injunction,
they afterwards appeared. Of that I know noth-
ing. "With regard to all else that has fallen from
the Senator from Indiana, 1 have nothing to say.
SURVEYS IN ALABAMA.
The joint resolution of the House of Represent-
atives directing the connection of the public sur-
veys in Alabama with the boundary line between
the State of Alabama and Florida, was read a first
and second time by its title.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I ask the Senate to con-
sider that joint resolution now. It is to permit a
small survey in my State, to connect with the
Florida line, which cannot now be done, because
there is no surveyor general in my State. The bill
was prepared by the Department, and passed the
House without opposition. I do not think it will
, be necessary to refer it.
, By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
: mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution.
It proposes to resolve that the connection of the
public surveys in Alabama with the boundary line
of the States of Alabama and Florida, shall be
1 made under the direction of the General Land
Office, and shall be executed as early as practic-
able.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills:
A bill confirming certain land claims in Louisi-
ana, m the Bastrop grant;
A bill to reim'iurse the Common Council of the
ciiy of iVew York, for f'".*,(e:!djtures m.'de tor the
first regiment of New York volunteers;
A bill for the relief of Priscilla C. Simonds;
