THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the official proceedings of congress, published by john c. rives, washington, d. c."
33d Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 29, 1854.
New Series....No. 98.
Mr. ADAMS. This is business which belongs
to the morning hour. The morning hour has
expired. I am opposed to its interfering with.any
other business; and I therefore insist upon the
special order.
Mr. ROCKWELL. I do not design, on the
question of the reference of the petition, to address
the Senate again. Remarks have been made in
relation to the fugitive act, for the repeal of which
the petition prays; but 1 do not desire now to
reply to honorable Senators who have made them.
1 think the petition should be referred without
going into a discussion on that law now. It seems
to me that the more proper time for that would be
when the report is made. I hope, therefore, the
petition will be referred without! a postponement.
Mr. SUMNER. I am unwilling to stand in
the way of the general desire of the Senate to go
on with its business. I desire, at all times, to
promote its business; but this question has been
presented and debated. Several Senators have
already expressed themselves on it. Other Sen-
ators within my knowledge desire to be heard. I
claim, sir, the privilege of being heard again in
reply to remarks which have fallen from honor-
able Senators since I have addressed the Senate.
I hope, therefore, the petition will have no dispo-
sition that will preclude its complete discussion.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope that thediscussion will
go on now, and I believe we shall save time by
doing so. I should certainly think it unfair to the
honorable Senator, if any current opinion should
go out without, at least, giving him the privilege
of making the remarks of which he has given us
notice. 1 hope the discussion will go on now.
Mr. CLAYTON. I desire to raise a point of
order. 1 wish to know whether, when any Sen-
ator rises here and presents a petition in the morn-
ing hour, he can get up a discussion that shall in-
terfere with the established, special order of the
Senate ? 1 maintain that the whole of this discus-
sion, after the morning hour has passed, is out of
order, and I make that point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that it is a question which is under the con-
trol of the Senate. It has been the usage when
the end of the morning hour arrives, for such a
discussion to go on, unless the Senate otherwise
order it. It is a question entirely within the dis-
position of the majority of the Senate.
Mr. RUSK. I regret that this discussion has
grown up at all. I am sorry that the motion of
the honorable Senator from California, that it be
ordered to lie upon the table, was not submitted
at an earlier period. Whether the country will
be much edified or not by the debate, I do not
know; but I confess t have not been much edified
by it. I shall vote against the postponement, for
my deliberate judgment is that the longer you
postpone it the more speaking you will have upon
it; and, as a matter of saving of time, and so
getting at the regular legitimate business of the
Senate, I shall vote against postponing it.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to by a
vote on a division of—ayes 9, noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is now on referring the petition to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. MALLORY. Inasmuch as I have just
expressed an opinion in favor of the reference to
the committee, and in order that that expression
of opinion may not be misunderstood, I will take
the liberty of making a remark or two upon the
subject. This discussion, Mr. President, origin-
ated in the presentation of a petition, purporting
to be signed by certain men of Massachusetts, for
the repeal of the fugitive slave law. Its terms are
entirely respectful to the Senate. There is no ob-
jection to it that I know of in that respect. The
manner in which it has been presented by the
honorable Senator, on the other side of the Cham-
ber, [Mr. Rockwell,] the manner in which its
subject-matter was discussed by him, and^ in
which the position of his State upon that subject
was referred to, was in accordance with the repu-
tation which preceded the gentleman here, and I
doubt not commended itself to the respectful con-
98
sideration of every member of this body. He
said nothing calculated to awaken an undue ex-
citement, nor to offend the self-respect of the
North or South; and when he concluded his re-
marks, I was prepared, and I doubt not every
Senator was prepared, to sustain the great right of
petition in this respect. I still desire to sustain it;
but, sir, such was not the effect produced by the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts on this
side of the Chamber, [Mr. Sumner.] No, sir; when
that honorable Senator here, in the face of the coun-
try, in the presence of this Senate, within these
hallowed walls, which have so often responded to
the eloquence and patriotism of his own State—
when he at the foot of this altar, upon which he
pledged his fidelity to his country, upon which he
called upon God to witness that he would defend
and sustain her Constitution—when he rises in
his place and tells the American Senate that he
does not recognize the obligation of that Consti-
tution, what does he expect at the hands of the
Senate ?
Mr. SUMNER. I call the Senator to order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will state his point of ordpr.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator places in my
mouth words and sentiments which have never
fallen from me.
Mr. MALLORY. I should be unwilling to
place in the mouth of a dog sentiments which
were unbecoming to him;and I will therefore ask
the Senator, with all proper respect, to state what
he did say,'for that, I presume, is the understand-
ing of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I stated that I would never
render any personal assistance in returning or re-
ducing a feliow man to slavery.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President 
Mr. CLAY. 1 feel it due to truth, and due to
justice, to speak on this occasion. I had not in-
tended to interpose a word; I had intended to be
silent and to permit this matter to rest; but, sir,
when I hear the Senator from Massachusetts,
with unblushing presumption and insolence, [Or-
der,] without shame, without contrition or repent-
ance, contumaciously repeating that he had said
only that he would not reduce a fellow man to
bondage—
Mr. SUMNER. Return.
Mr. CLAY. Return a fellow man to bond-
age 
Mr. SUMNER. Or reduce, which is the same
thing.
Mr. CLAY. When I see him endeavoring to
throw upon the reporter of the Senate (who,
though 1 have not the pleasure of knowing him
personally, I am bound to believe is an honora-
ble man) the imputation of having misreported
him, and misrepresented what he said—when 1
know honorable Senators around me, who have
never shown themselves unworthy of their posi-
tion, or recreant to their duty to themselves or
their country—who have never shown themselves
unwilling to vindicate their honor, and maintain
the truth of their assertions—when I know that
such men around me sustain me, and sustain that
reporter, and sustain the honorable Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Pettit] in the charge which he
made—I should feel that 1 was false to my trust
and to my duty, and accessory to a suppression
of the truth, if I did not rise to sustain them. Sir,
if this report were not to go out to the country;
if it were confined to the Halls of this Senate, I
should not interpose, because I do not believe
that that reporter's reputation would suffer in any
conflict of veracity with the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts; but, as it will go abroad, where they
are not both equally known, and where the
Senator's accidental eminence here may give
greater weight to his word than the position of
the reporter of this body gives to him, I feel it
due to that gentleman, as an honest and an hon-
orable man, to say that his report is true. I paid
special attention to what fell from the lips of the
Senator from Massachusetts, and I now say that
he never qualified that denial. I say, as the re-
porter said, that those words which I shall read
are interpolated. And, sir, as to what I say, I
call upon the Senator from California, [Mr.
Gwin,] the Senator who sits near me, and who
propounded the interrogatory, [Mr. Butler,] the
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Slidell,] whoalso
sits near me, and the Senator from Texas, [Mr.
Rcsk,] who sat close by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts—I appeal to all of them, honorable
men, to state whether that reporter's own report
was not correct, and the interpolation of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts incorrect? Sir, this
qualification of the Senator is a precious after-
thought, hatched by many hours of incubation.
Mr. SUMNER. What qualification?
Mr. CLAY. The qualification which I shall
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is Bot in
order for the Senator from Massachusetts, while
sitting in his seat, to interrupt the Senator from
Alabama.
Mr. CLAY. Here is the qualification. The
Senator from South Carolina asked the Senator
from Massachusetts whether, if the fugitive slave
act were repealed, he would fulfill the obligation
of his oath, and maintain and support the Con-
stitution by returning, in conformity to itsrequire-
ments, a fugitive slave. Here is the real answer,
and I shall show what is the pretended answer.
He said, " Does the Senator ask me what I would
do?" and then answered, "Is thy servant a dog
that he should do this thing?" Now, sir, what
was the question propounded ? Whether he would
maintain the Constitution, whether he would ful-
fill its provisions, if the fugitive slave act were
repealed. What was his reply ? "Does the Sen-
ator ask me what I would do?" " Is thy servant
a dog that he should do this thing?" Whdt was
the inference, the universal inference of the Senate,
from this denial? Why, that he would violate the
Constitution; that he was willing to prove his
desecration of this Senate Chamber with his tread
and his pollution of the Holy Evangelists with
his lips, by violating a solemn oath; that he was
willing to commit moral perjury—a crime in the
eyes of God and honorable men, as odious and
as infamous as that legal perjury which would be
visited with the penitentiary, or with branding of
the letter " P "upon the hand or forehead. That
was the inference, the legitimateinference? How
does he endeavor to shirk it? How does he en-
deavor to avoid the just and condign sentence
of condemnation visited upon him by every hon-
orable mind in this Senate ? Why, sir, by going to
that reporter, and foisting into the report, words
which he never uttered, materially qualifying his
denial. And what are those words? I will now
read them to the Senate: "Does the Senator ask
me what I would do?" was his language; and his
response, "Is thy servant a dog that he should
do this thing ?" Here, though, is what he placed
in the report, and says that he said: " Does the
honorable Senator ask me if I would personally
join in sending a fellow-man into bondage?" I
say those words were never uttered. I appeal to
those honorable men, who sat near him, to say
whether they were uttered. I do not believe he
can find anybody here to sustain him, unless it be
his confrere and uniform supporter, [Mr. Chase,]
who was suggesting to him responses, and who
sits near him. If he said it; he spoke it svhrosa—
m a whisper. I would rather believe, to make the
best of it, that it was one of those mental reserva-
tions with which he took his oath; but I do not
even believe that there was any mental reserva-
tion. He did utter, "and he did mean what was
charged by the Senators from South Carolina, [Mr.
Butler,] from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] and from
Indiana, [Mr. Pettit;] but after he found the in-
dignation it invoked upon his head, and heard the
denunciations hurled at him from every quarter,
and saw the smileof scorn that played upon every
face, he shrunk from the words he uttered, and
endeavored to make an instrument of the reporter
of this body to shield him from the infamy which
he deserved.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President 
Mr. CLAY. Excuse me one moment. I aro
