1554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juno. 28,
not in the habit of trespassing often on the Sen-
ate. Mr. President, I could go on and show that
there is intrinsic evidence in this report to sustain
the original report of the reporter; and what is it?
Why, sir, that notwithstanding this qualified de-
nial, the Senator from South Carolina treated it as
a positive denial of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, that he would support the Constitution of
the United States. Now, I ask, does any intelli-
gent man believe, if the Senator had qualified that
denial in the manner in which it appears now,
that the Senator from South Carolina would still
have maintained that he refused to obey his oath,
that he had refused to sustain the Constitution ?
Does any one believe that the Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Mason1] would haverepeated thecharge?
Does any believe that the Senator from Jndiana
[Mr. Pettit) would also have jepeated it? Cer-
tainly not. Then there is intrinsic evidence in
the report itself that these words have been inter-
polated—that they were not uttered.
Now, Mr. President, I have a few more words
to say which I utter with great diffidence, and
with the profoundest deference to older Senators
on this floor. We have no means of preventing
these violations of the dignity and proprieties of
the Senate. There is no penal statute whh-h can
reach a man who only avows his willingness to
commit crime. But, Jet me ask, suppose a pri-
vate citizen, however wealthy and well born, how-
ever highly cultivated his mind, however great
his talents,or rich his acquirements, should openly
avow a readiness to commit moral perjury; should
day by day evince a disposition to instigate other
men to crime, which, from want of personal cour-
age he did not dare perpetrate himself; should
daily encourage other men to violate the rights of
his neighbors, to steal their property, to kidnap
their slaves, and to refuse to return them; should
daily assail the feelings of his neighbors by wan-
ton, rude, and uncalled for assaults upon their
characters, and, when rebuked for it in the harsh-
est, most offensive, and opprobrious language,
like the spaniel, should quietly submit or beg for
quarter, but never repair the wrong ox* resent the
insult—a sneaking, sinuous, snake-like poltroon,
who would violate all the rights of associates or
friends, and never make reparation or acknowl-
edge his error, and who held himself irresponsi-
ble to all law, feeling the obligation neither of the
Divine law, nor of the law of the land, nor of the
law of honor: I ask you, how would such a mis-
creant be treated? Why, if you could not reach
him with the arm of the municipal law, if you
could not send him to the penitentiary, you would
send him to Coventry. You would exclude him
from the pale of society; you would neither ex-
tend to him the courtesies that are shown gentle-
men, nor permit him to offer such to you. You
would make him feel that he was shunned like a
leper, and loathed like a filthy reptile; and you
would soon render him as impotent for evil as
he was disinclined for good. Such characters,
though rare, may be found, and have been known.
I can give, from memory, the general outlines of
one portrayed by Mr. Dickens, in his novel, David
Copperfield—that of Uriah Heap. Uriah was
mean, yet affected honor; was malignant, yet
feigned benevolence; presumptuous, yet pretended
humility; instigated others to violence he dared
not commit, yet assumed an air of meekness; sug-
gested crimes and incited others to their commis-
sion, yet bore himself with studied amenity of
manners, and choice expressions of benignity.
We have such a character on this floor. I have
suggested our means of rebuking, if we cannot
silence him; ofdisabling, if we cannot disarm him.
If we cannot check individual abuses, we may
preserve the dignity of this body. If we cannot
restrain or prevent this eternal warfare upon the
feelings and rights of southern gentlemen, we may
rob the serpent of his fangs. We can paralyze
his influence by placing him in that nadir of social
degradation which he merits. I am surprised, I
repeat, I am surprised, that honorable men, but
especially southern men, should so far forget their
rights, and those of their constituents, and their
duties to them, as well as to themselves, as to
lend any countenance to such a character as I have
portrayed.
Mr. MALLORY, Mr.President, when Igave
way to my friend from Alabama, [Mr. Ci.at,J I
had remarked that the Senatorfrom Massachusetts,
who sits near me, [Mr. Sumner,] had here, in the
face of the country, in the presence of the Senate,
at the foot of that altar whereon he had pledged
his fidelity to his country, and sworn to maintain
and defend her Constitution, risen and disclaimed
the obligations of the Constitution. I was inter-
rupted by the Senator, who Raid that I had put
words into his mouth which he did not utter. Sir,
I deny it! I acknowledge that I heard the decla-
ration with equal regret and indignation; and, as
unwilling as i am to say anything which the rules
of the Senate do not justify, or the occasion de-
mand, I am still more unwilling to stand here and
permit such language to pass without some note
of condemnation. Sir, I heard the honorable Sen-
ator say, in open Senate, "1 recognize no such
oDugation." Whether that appears in the report
or not, I have not examined.
Mr. SUMNER. It is there, and I repeat it
now.
Mr. MALLORY. Sir, if the Senator will ex-
amine the Constitution, he will find it there writ-
ten that a fugitive from service or labor " shall be
delivered up." if he recognizes no such obliga-
tion, I leave it to himself to explain the consist-
ency between the oath which he has taken and
the sentiments which he avows. Sir, if there
be any principle m the breast of the American
citizen which, more than any other, lies at the
foundation of law, morals, and society, it is his
habitual observance and recognition of all the
sacred obligations of an oath; and this no man
knows better than the Senator himself. As a
lawyer, he knows that the humblest citizens in
the courts of our country, daily recognize the sa-
cred obligations of an oath. And no man knows
better than himself thatif there be a society in this
country which adjures, or does not recognize
this obligation, that society must inevitably be
regarded as dangerous to the peace of the Union.
Sir, can he rise in his place and say here that a
Senator shall be permitted to make mental reser-
vations ? Is that the explanation ? That he is at lib-
erty to exempt himself from those obligations which
bind the humblest citizen? Sir, without any dis-
position to allude to what the Senator has said
elsewhere, I cannot but recollect that there was a
gentleman in Boston who, upon a certain public
occasion, apostrophised in this manner the Presi-
dent of the United States, who signed the fugitive
slave law: " There are depths of infamy as there
are heights of fame, and better for him had he
never been born, better for his posterity had he
never lived, than that he should have signed such
an act." However vindictively and treasonably
that may have been said, it can more properly be
applied to^the man who approaches such an altar
as this is, in such a presence as this, and say he
does not recognize, under the Constitution, his ob-
ligation to return or deliver up fugitive slaves. I
do not speak now in his individual capacity as a
citizen, but as a legislator standing in these Halls
to whom the American people look at least for
truth, if not for guidance.
Mr. SUMNER here addressed the Senate at
length. His speech, withheld for revision, will
be published in the Appendix.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I do not wish to
anticipate my friend from South Carolina; for it is
properly his province to respond to most that has
fallen from the Senator from Massachusetts. I
cannot forbear, however, making two remarks in
response to the Senator. H e has put the question,
whether any Senator upon this floor would assist in
returninga fugitive slave? No response was made
to the interrogatory; and lest he should herald it
to the world that there was no Senator upon this
floor who had the moral courage to say " aye" in
I response to the interrogatory, I tell him that I
i would do it.
Mr. SUMNER. Then let the Senator say the
immoral courage.
Mr. CLAY. I will respond to that, sir. There
is an old adage which is approved, I believe, by
the reason of all honorable men, that " the re-
ceiver is as bad as the thief." The Senator from
Massachusetts may not recognize the truth of that
adage; I do; and inasmuch as I would not steal a
slave, neither would I receive him and withhold
him from the owner. That much I have to say in
reply to his remark. But there is another thing
to which I wish to call the attention of the Senate;
and I do so in order to forewarn them against
further altering of the records of the Senate. I
do so to admonish them to watch narrowly to-
morrow, and see what other interpolations are
made to change the sense of what has been spoken
to-day. I make no objections to amendments of
form, where the meaning is not substantially al-
tered. The Senator, with thatcunning which char-
acterizes those animals who are deficient m cour-
age," but to whom nature, in her kindness, has
given some compensation for the want of that
nobler attribute, has shirked the issue which was
presented him. He was charged by the Senator
from Indiana with having interpolated and falsified
the reports of this House. That charge was re-
peated by the Senator from Florida. He denied
it then; but 1 rose to my feet and called upon
honorable Senators who were sitting around me,
and upon every Senator on this floor, to sustain
the reporter, and to establish the falsehood of the
interpolation. That was the charge. He has
shirked it, and, by his silence, has acknowledged,
1 think, the justice of the imputation.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, if it be sup-
posed by the Senate, or by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, that I shall indulge in any excited re-
marks, it will be a very great mistake. I think I
never had a heart that could use a pen to write a
libel, especially m matters involving truth and jus-
tice. Whatever I do say may be tinged and toned
by the effusion of the moment; and the Senator
himself will see, before I conclude, that J have
been rather too good-natured for his purposes.
He may think that I shall imitate him in sectional
retaliation. Under the great storm which he has
attempted to excite, he shall not escape under a
panoply that he has no right to use.
Sir, I will say gravely, in the beginning of my
remarks—and the Senator will have to take it as I
assert it—that every thing which he has said for
effect in Massachusetts has been upon a falseissue
made by himself, and not authorized by the facts.
I do not know but that I might make the propo-
sition more unqualified, and say that, in every
issue upon which he has chosen to go to the coun-
try in regard to the topics involved in this debate,
he has made an issue for his own purposes, with-
out the authority of facts, and in perversion of
them. But, sir, as the Senator assumes somewhat
to speak as the organ of history, I will refute him
in the estimation of every Senator here, and every
page, and every individual who hears me.
Mr. BADGER. I will ask my friend from
South Carolina whether it would not be better for
him to allow us now to adjourn?
Mr BUTLER. No,sir; I would notsubject my-
self to the temptation of preparing a reply That
might have something in it that, like a hyena, I
was scratching at the graves in Massachusetts to
take revenge for the elaborate and vindictive
assault that has been made by the gentleman who
has just spoken. 1 prefer to go on now, trusting
to recognized truth, rather than to consult musty
records, for the purpose of producing effects that
might be inconsistent with justice. I say, sir,
that every issue upon which the Senator has cho-
sen to go to the country by the remarks which he
has submitted to the Senate, is notfounded on the
facts assumed by him. The facts assumed by him-
self are, as I shall show, unfair in statement; and
his denials of the statement made by myself, in
the speech to which he has alluded, are palpably
against the truth of history. In what he has
said he has aimed a shaft more to offend than it
can hurt. lie has been guilty of historical per-
version. Sir, I made a remark the other day,
and I thought truly, as matter of history, that
the independence of America was won by the
arms and treasure of slaveholding States. This
remark is historically true. The sectional sepa-
ration indicated by the gentleman was not m'my
mind—his own has made it. When the Deciara-
raiion of Independence was made, was not Con-
necticut a slaveholding Stater
Mr. SUMNER. Not in any just sense.
Mr. BUTLER. Sir, you are not the judge of
that. Was not New York a slaveholding State ?
Mr. SUMNER. Let the Senator from New
York answer.
Mr. BUTLER. Sir, if he answers, he will an-
swer the truth j and perhaps it might not be exactly
agreeable to you. Was not New Jersey a slave-
holding State? Was not Rhode Island, that sent
Greene to South Carolina, a slaveholding State?
Mr. SEWARD. It is due to the honorable
Senator from South Carolina that I should an-
swer his question in reference to New York, since
