1556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
will not attack Massachusetts. It is what he
wanted. It is what he has asserted. I have never
assailed her. She is doing her duty now,as far as
I k-riow. All that I did say was, that if the exag-
gerated feelings of which the Senator was, I
thought, the vapid rhetorical advocate, did prevail
generally, it would make up an issue, which we
had to meet, of the separation of these States.
Since I spoke I have had put in my hands, a doc-
ument which entirely refutes the statements of the
gentleman so elaborately prepared. It is, in my
judgment, one of the ablest productions of the
times, and has every guarantee of accuracy. It
comes from one who loves truth, and pursues it
in the spirit of fairness. It is a pamphlet pub-
lished by a citizen of Virginia, Mr. Garnet. I take
the liberty of appending extracts from it, as a note
to my remarks.*
I have now gone over the two issues upon which
the Senator has spoken, and they are both false.
Now, sir, a few words in reference to the affair
of Mr. Hoar, in Charleston; and I am sorry that
it has been brought up again. Mr. Hoar did go to
Charleston, with a view to interfere with a law
which had been passed by South Carolina in ref-
erence to colored seamen. Here let me say that
that law would never have been passed by South
Carolina, but for the excited fanatical feeling of
some portion of the northern States; I will not
say Massachusetts particularly; I will guard my-
self in that respect. But, sir, I say that that law,
to which the Senator has referred, and which he
has reprobated with so much violence, was passed
to guard against the very feelings which he would
excite; to guard against the incendiary who would
come and burn your dwelling in the night, and
not act like the man in a fair fight, who would ad-
vertise you that he would meet you in an open
field.
* " We filial! not dwell upon the revolutionary struggle,
though it might easily be shown that the South bore more
than her proportional share, both in its expenses and us
battles. The white male population over sixteen years of
age in 1790, was about the same in Pennsylvania and Vir-
ginia; the former being 110,788, and the latter 110,934; yet
according to General Knox's official estimate, presented to
the First Congress, Virginia furnished 56.791 soldiers to the
Revolution, and Pennsylvania only 34,965. New Hamp-
shire had a military population 513 larger than South Car-
olina, yet she contributed only 14,906 soldiers to South
Carolina's 31,131 ; not half. The latter quota m fact is
neaily equal to Pennsylvania's, who had triple the military
population, and twice the whole population, free and slave.
It exceeded New York's 29,836, though New York had
much more than double the military population, and forty
per cent, more of total population. Connecticut and Mas
sachu-eus did more than any of the free States m that ureat
war; yet we find that while South Carolina sent to its armies
thirty-seven our of every forty-two citizens, capable of
bearinc arms, Massachusetts sent but thirty two, Connec-
ticut thirty, and New Hampshire not e)glnwn J And it
rau^l be remembered that, as General Knox says, c m some
years of the greatest exertions of the southern States, there
are no return'? whatever of their militia,' while at the
North every man was entered on the rolls, as the pension
list too plainly shows; that while ihe war assumed a reg-
ular character there, it was here brought home to every
fire-side, and there was scarcely a man who did not shoulder
his musket, evgn though not tegularlyiri the field. The
slave States not only fought their own battles nearly un-
aided, but sent numerous troops to the defense of the North;
and when we consider that the free States had the protection
of almost the whole regular Army, and the bene fit of its large
disbui^ementri, while the South was left to be scoured by
the enemy, and that the almost utter rum of the incomes and
private fortunes of her citizens fdr exceeded any amount
of taxation ever levied, we cannot doubt that her sufferings
in the great cause were far heavier than those of the North.
But we will not pau&e to consider any inequality of revo-
lutionary burdens ; if the South bore more than her share,
it was voluntary—a free will offering on the altar of inde-
pendence. We will pass at once to consider the action
of the Federal Government, and its value to the North when
the South was no longer her own nnstre-s.
"The pension system throws a strong light on the tend-
ency of the people of the free States to quarter themselves
on the Genera! Government, at the* same time thatit shows
the usual progressive inequality of expenditures between
the two sections. A calculation, founded on data in 307
Senate Document, 1838—"9, shows that bom 1791 to 1838
Inclusive, $35,598,964 had been paid for revolutionary
pensions, of which the North received $28,260,597, or
8127 29 for every soldier she had in the war, and the South
$7,336,367, being only £49 89 for each of her soldier:-. The
number of soldiers is Ivie estimated aecordmg to Knox's
report, which confessedly does not *how. by a great deal,
the full exertions of the South in raising troop,. Let us
then compare the amounts received with the white popu-
lation of each section in 17 90, and we find the free States
m 1838 had received $14 35 of revolutionary pen-ions for
everv soul in their limits in the former >ear, while the
South had received only $5 61 for ewry white, Hut the
mihtaiy etfoiH of the sbiv* hohhng States were fullvm pro-
portion to their whole population, for the labor ofthe slaves
on the plantations left a much larger piopoition of their
masters free to take up arms. On this supposition, the
southern soldier received only $'3 74 for the same revotu-
But for the intrusive interference of those
whose conduct gave rise to the law, it would, I
am sure, long since have been modified. I have
not hesitated to give that as my opinion whenever
consulted. I think it may be modified, and if
the State should be left to her own counsels—free
to do as she may think proper—with no threaten-
ing foreign influence exerted upon her, she will
do justice to herself and others. But depend upon
it, such remarks as those which have been made
by the gentleman will exert nothing but a baleful
influence. Allow me now to mention a fact to
which I referred once before on this floor, when
a predecessor of the Senator [Mr. Winthrop]
undertook to arraign the same law. That gen-
tleman brought it up upon the case of Captain
Ranlet. Now, what was the case of Captain
Ranlet? Yes, sir, the grevious operation of that
law was brought to the view of this Senate, by a
pathetic and an elaborately prepared letter of
Captain Ranlet, written to a Senator from Massa-
chusetts, a gentleman for whom I had, by the by,
a high respect.
That letter may be well referred to as a speci-
men of paper philanthropy, and as a fair illustra-
tion between conduct and sentiment. That letter
disclosed what was supposed a flagrant and
crying oppression—the Soulh Carolina law. It
disclosed circumstances like these: that Captain
Ranlet, with his crew, were themselves in distress;
but obtaining some temporary relief, they had an
opportunity of going to the relief of another ves-
sel; and not being indifferent to the temptations
of gain, they acquired a right to salvage, and went
into the city of Charleston to secure it. Well, sir,"
what took place? Two colored seamen were tem-
porarily imprisoned, under a municipal law. Now,
sir, what do you think this captain did ? Instead of
relieving his men by paying two or three dollars,
he went to Boston to agitate, and to write pathetic
Uonary services which brought the northern $14 33. This
gross inequality remains the same, by whatever test it is
tried. For example:
The seven free States contributed to the expenses of the
war $ftl,97l,170
And had received in pensions, in 1833  528,36*2,597
Balance in their favor $M3,708,573
The six slave States contributed $52,438,123
And had received, m 1838    7,336,367
Balance in their favor,  $45,101,756
Now, let us see how it stands with single States :
Virginia contributed $19,085,982 ratio as $100
And received m pensions to 1838. 1,969,534 to 10,3.
Massachusetts contributed  17,964,613 ratio as $100
And received in the sametime... 4,058,031 to 22.8.
South Carolina contributed  11,5-23,299 ratio as ,$100
And revived in the same time... 431,141 to 3.5.
New York contributed  7,17y,983 ratio as $100
And received iwthe same time... 7,850,054 to 109,3.
"To appreciate this injustice fully, we must remember
that the South, not only paid into the Federal Treasury all
she ever received back in pensions, but alMj $16,003,633 ot
the pensions given to the North. The inequality ot the appor-
tionment of these revolutionary pensions has grown with
the northern majority in Congress. In the first decennial
period, 1791—IfeOO, the free States received annually $58,000
more than the South. In the next period, this yearly ex-
cess was dinunishgfl to $43,000, hut it rose to $339,000 in the
third period. From 1821 to 1830 it averaged'$799,000, and
troro 1831 to 1838, $855,000. In like manner grew the bur-
den upon the South in paying the petitioners at the North,
besides those at home. In the first period it was ,-5117,449 ;
in the second, $370,000; in the third, §.3,000,000 ; in the
fourth, $7,500,00<). au(j tlie la&t period, (of only ei«ht
years,) .$9,750,000.
il According to General Knox's report, the North sent to
the Army one hundied men for every two hundred and
twenty seven of military age m 1790, and the South one
hundred tor every two hundied and nine. But in 1848, one
out of every sixty-two of the men of military age in 1790
was a revolutionary pensioner in the North, and only one
out of one hundred and ten m the South. New England
alone then had three thousand one hundred and forty six of
these pensioners, more than there were m all the slave
States; and New Yo k two thirds as many, though she con-
tributed not one seventh as much to the war.
u The results are equally remaikable, if we have regard
to the whole ifUinber of pensions, revolutionary and other.
The expenses under this head, for the four years ending in
1837, were §8,010,051 in the free States, and .$*2,588,101 m
the fUve States, who not only paid their own share, but
§fi,30i .o00 to the North. New England alone received
$3,924,911, rather more than two dollars a head for every
man, woman, and child m her hunt-*. During the same
four years she paid in taxes to trie Federal Treasury, ac-
cording to our tables, $1 72 per head,so that she actually
received more m pensions than sne pan! in taxes ! In 1840
there were not quite two and a half times as many pension
era at the North as at the South, hut in 1848 there were
more than three times as many. New England had more
revolutionary pensioners than the five old plantation States
bad pensioners of all kind*."
letters to his Senator. He did not wish that such
as the Senator near me should have a monopoly
in the professions of liberty, and declamation on
philanthropy. 1 believe the history of the matter
is, that some gentleman in Charleston released the
sailors, leaving the captain to furnish the mate-
rials of such a speech as the gentleman has madef
joining in the work rhetoric. 1 am afraid the
business is running down. If the law should be
repealed, we may never have another reference to
the Hoar case again. This is more than the
fourth time that it has been referred to. The law
had to remain as a speech-making stimulant.
The gentleman has spoken of Mr. Hoar being
expelled by a mob. Sir, there was no mob. Mr,
Hoar was informed by a committee of gentle---
men that it was desirable he should not continue
in Charleston, with an intimation that he would
have to leave, but with a declaration that any por-
tion of his family with him would be treated even
as guests, if they choose to remain.
But, sir, these are matters apart from the sub-
ject. I am very sorry that I have been provoked
into this discussion. It is against my feelings that
I partake in it at all, but now I will come to the
most specific charge in the indictment against me,
It is not my wish or purpose, while I am a
member of the body, to charge intentional false-
hood made on any issue by a gentleman who
represents a sovereign State, but so far as regards
the remarks made the other day, I am bound to
make a statement which 1 think justice demands^
and let it go for what it is worth. The Senator
will have to take it as I make it. I should not
say a word about it if he had not gone back into-
the graves of South Carolina. He deserves no
quarter, and perhaps i should give him none.
The other Senator from Massachusetts will per-
haps have to listen to what I am to say, and I
think the Senator will have, in some measure, by
its opinion at least, to hear testimony to the truth
of what 1 do say. How far it may effect the
Senator I know not. I was speaking the other
day in regard to the petition praying for the
repeal of the fugitive slave law which had been
introduced, and had given rise to so much excite-
ment. I said that originally 1 was rather opposed
to such a law, believing that, if the Constitution,
with its self-sufficing energy and powers was
left to execute itself, the States themselves as
parties to the compact ought to perform under
that compact, the duty of returning to the master
a fugitive slave, or of delivering him up, to use
the language of the Constitution. Such was my
belief, and believing that, I thought it was unad-
visable foi Congress to do anything until we saw
that the States themselves would not act. We
found in many instances that the States not only
refused, but threw obstructions in the way. They
not only did not afford the usual assistance in
apprehending a runaway slave, they in many
instances not only refused assistance, but inter-
posed actual statutary opposition to the law. In
doing so they took apology from the case of Prigg,
vs. the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and to
that extent they had some excuse.
I said that this memorial was likely to be re-
ferred to the committee of which I was chair-
man, and it was a subject upon which I had great
difficulties. I said that the fugitive slave law had
never had a great deal of my confidence; but that,
before I could undertake to say what ought to be
done, in relation to it, I must inquire of gentle-
men on this floor, representing non-slaveholding
| States, what those States would do? I referred
especially to the Senator^ from Massachusetts
who had spoken most loudly on the subject. I
particularly appealed to the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Rockwell,] who had
addressed the Senate with calmness, whether he
supposed, if all such laws were swept from the
statute-book, and the Constitution was left to Us
self-executing and self-sufficing power, Massachu-
setts, on demand of the master, would deliver up
a fugitive slave who had escaped into her terri-
tory ? 1 will do that Senator the justice to say,
that I did not expect he would be able to answer,
except as a representative. I wished to get his
general opinions on the subject. Having paid him
that compliment, which I thought he deserved as
the one who presented the memorial, I turned fo the
Senator near mr, [Mr. Sumner,] and said,'4 What
say you on the subject? What would you do I
did not ask the Senator whether personally he
