1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1559
lina,and the testimony of the Senator from Texas, !
of having said that he recognized no such obliga- !
tion. j
Sir, while [ am up I will say what I intended I
to say when I was up before, that in any remark :
which I have made I have not designed to attn- '
bute anything improper, unjustifiable, or censur-
able to the reporter of the Senate. To that gen-
tlemen I am under many obligations this year,
and in years gone past, in the other House and
in this body, for efficient, correct, and faithful re-
ports of what I have said. I have no complaint
to lay at his door. He may have thought he was
justified in allowing the Senator to interpolate in j
my remarks what he did allow him to interpolate; '
and he has come forward promptly to show, by i
the letter which I read to-day, and which will ap- ,
pear in my remarks to-morrow, that he did inter-
polate, that they did not exist, and that, even as
reported, they were differ^mt in form and substance
from what appears in print. The Senator cannot
get out of the charge that is here made against
him. He said he recognized no such obligation
as the obligation of the Constitution, and of his
oath to support it. He cannot, he has not shirked,
in any form, the allegation that he interpolated
what was not true, what he did not say, what he
could not have said, and that he forced it in the
report to the detriment of the then speaker.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I should be
unwilling to hold any Senator to the consequences
of a hasty expression. I beg leave, therefore, to
ask the Senator from Massachusetts whether he
now recognizes an obligation to return a fugitive
slave? 1 put the question in general language:
Does he recognize the obligation to return a fugi-
tive slave?
Mr. SUMNER. To that I answer distinctly,
no.
Mr. CLAY. Now, I trust nobody will again
undertake to qualify the language of the Senator
from Massachusetts, or to screen him from an
imputation that is made against him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to refer the petition to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the Speaker had signed the enrolled
bill, entitled an "Actto aid the Territory of Minne-
sota in the construction of a rail road therein;"
which was thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore.
introduction of a bill.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate, in behalf of my absent col-
league who is confined to his bed by sickness, to
introduce a bill to aid in the transportation of the
mails. My object is merely to have it referred to
the proper committee
By unanimous consent, leave to introduced
bill was granted, and it was read twice by us title,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 28, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
rules of the House be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
fuller's survey of the ohio river.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, in compliance with the resolve of the House
of Representatives of the 20th instant, a report
of the Colonel of Topographical Engineers, con-
taining information in respect to Fuller's survey
of the Ohio river, (made in 1853,) at and in the
vicinity of Marietta, Ohio, with such reports, es-
timates, explanatory notes, and other papers, on
file in the W"ar Department, adapted to illustrate
the same.
Ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. COBB. Now let us have the morning
hour.
Mr. JONES. Well, I withdraw my motion.
Mr. COBB. Then 1 call for the regular order
of business.
enrolled bills.
Mr. DE WITT, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the fol-
lowing bills; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Speaker:
An act to reimburse to the common council of
New York city the expenditure made for the first
regiment of New York volunteers;
An act to confirm certain land claims in Louis-
iana on the Bastrop grant;
An act for the relief of Priscilla C. Simonds;
An act for the relief of Moses Olmstead;
An act. for the relief of Zadoc C. lnghram; and
Ah act for the relief of Llewellyn Washington.
preservation of life from shipwreck.
Mr. SKELTON. By unanimous consent,and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced the
following bill; which was read a first and second
time by its title,and referred to the Committeeon
Commerce:
A bill for the better preservation of life and
property from shipwreck on the coast of the Uni-
ted States.
mail transportation to the pacific.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of the following bill:
A bill to provide a weekly mail service between
the Atlantic States and San Francisco.
The pending question is on the motion of the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. COBB. I made that motion, and I will not
withdraw it until I hear what the gentleman from
California wants. Perhaps he is desirous of post-
poning it.
Mr. McDOUGAI.L. I ask theunanimous con-
sent of the House to make a verbal amendment
to the bill, for the purpose of relieving it from
ambiguity.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
In the sixth line strike out the word "existing," before
the word " contractand in tlie seventh line, after tlie
word " contract,"insert tlie words " to be made."
So that the clause shall read:
And it shall be the duty of the Postmaster General to
determine any contract to t>e made for the service herein
required, and to make a new contract therefor whenever
a greater expedition can be procured wiltuu the provisions
01 this act expressed."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That amendment
is not only a verbal one, but it makes a material
difference in the provisions of the bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will remember that upon apreviousday
it was stated by myself, in my place here, that
there was no intention of affecting existing con-
tracts. That bill was drawn up without any such
design. The term of that particular provision
is, that it shall only operate upon the services
provided for m the act; but the term " existing"
makes the sentence ambiguous. I do not wish
the provision to be ambiguous at all, though I
think, with my amendment adopted, the provision
will be the same. I ask the gentleman from Ten-
!: nessee to allow me to amend the bill so as to ex-
;! press the intention of the committee. *
| Mr. JONES. I think that amendment will not
!! do.
!] Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire simply that the
: provision be clear and explicit.
Mr. JONES. I think the amendment is a ma-
terial one, and perhaps it alters the whole gist of
the bill. , ,
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, then,
to the amendment,the question is upon the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was or-
dered to a third reading.
Mr. COBB. 1 made that motion,and I believe
i the previous question has been called and sus-
! tained upon the bill.
1 The SPEAKER. The bill was ordered to a
I third reading under the previous question.
I Mr. COBB. Then tlie previous question is
. exhausted ?
! The SPEAKER. It is.
i Mr. COBB. My object in moving to recon-
! gider the vote was to keep the bill m the posses-
sion of the House, so that they could recon-
sider, and, if they found it necessary, when it
should come up again, to amend it in such a way
as to make it acceptable to the House. We have
passed beyond the stage in which amendment can
be made to the bill; and at the time 1 made the
motion, I heard numerous objections made by the
members of this House to the bill as it was then
j stated to the House. The committee which re-
ported the bill now desire to amend it, and to qual-
ify some of its language; and I hope it may be
amended in a maimer which will render it accept-
able to the gentleman from California, [Mr. Mc-
DotrGAlL.]
f recollect distinctly that the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge,] who is not now
in his seat, voted for the bill on its second and
third reading. In relation to certain provisions
: in the bill, however, 1 discovered that he dissented
! from the gentleman from California. He sug-
| gested that he desired to offer an amendment to
obviate all difficulty in getting rid of the other
i contract. It is my desire, and I presume it is the
i desire of every gentleman here, if the bill is to
1 pass, to put it in such a shape as to make it ac-
5 ceptable to the gentleman from California and to
! the House. But the next day, seeing that no
particular attention was called to it, and knowing
! that if the further consideration of the bill was
> postponed, it must either pass in the condition in
! which it now stands, or be defeated, in order that
| the House might have the opportunity upon re-
I flection to make such amendments as they might
consider necessary, I made the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which it wa3 ordered to a third
| reading.
i In the condition in which the bill now stands
I am prepared to vote against it. I desire that
j proper mail facilities shall be furnished between
the Atlantic and Pacific coasts; and if the bill can
be amended in such a way as to provide for the
abrogation of the existing contract, I shall cheer-
fully vote for it. But unless some means can be
.provided by which we can get rid of the old con-
tract, I shall feel compelled to vote against it,
notwithstanding my earnest wish to afford the
proper mail facilities between the two oceans.
I hope, therefore, the friends of the measure
will go with me in this motion to reconsider, and
give the House an opportunity to so amend the
bill that it may pass in a shape that will be alike
satisfactory to the gentleman from California and
the House. But,- sir, I do not intend to discuss
the merits of the measure. 1 have risen merely
to state that I shall vote for the bill with that
amendment, and that I shall vote against it with-
out the amendment. And now, sir, profiting by
the suggestion of a friend, never to speak unless I
could say something that would edify the House,
I intend to withhold my fire, so far as the making
of speeches are concerned, to a proper time.
Mr. McDOUGALL obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. HAVEN, who said: Is the motion to re-
consider now before the House ?
Mr. COBB. It is; and I hope it will be car-
ried, for the purpose of placing the matter m the
hands of the House.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not wish to take any part
I in this discussion; but it seems to me to be only
; reasonable that the House should reconsider, and
! give the gentleman from California the opportunity
i to print the bill in the language in which thecom-
: mittee which reported it intended it should be, and
| then either vote down the bill, or pass it at once,
j Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I ask the gentleman
from California to allow me to say a word. When
this bill was before the House for consideration,
some days ago, not having re'ad the bill carefully,
I asked the gentleman from California a question,
| which it seems has brought the attention of the
i House to the point upon which the reconsidera-
; non is now asked. Tasked the gentleman whether
| this bill would interfere with the existing contract i
| His reply was, that it did not interfere with the
existing contract for oceafl steam mail service be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific coast. The gen-
tleman was then, it seems, laboring under a mis-
apprehension. Now, sir, if the gentleman from
Tennessee still adheres to his objection to the
amendment, 1 hope the House will grant so rea-
sonable a request as the gentleman from Californ ia
makes.
i regret that my friend from Tennessee objects.
