1562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
Mr. BENTON. I hope these questions of order
will not be taken out of my five minutes.
I never am willing to repeat what passes between
two members in their seats; but I leave it to that
member [Mr. Houston] to say whether or not
the moment the message was brought in and re-
ferred, i did not go to him and ask for the papers?
And when he said that there were none that came
with it, whether i did not insist that the committee
should call for them ? I leave it to him to answer.
Mr.HOUSTON. The gentleman from Missouri
and myself have had two or three conversations
about these papers. I remember no such conversa-
tion as he refers to. I had no idea that the gen-
tleman wanted to call for the papers until Mon-
day morning. He may have said it to me, but I
remember no such thing.
Mr. BENTON. Does he not remember my
coming to him and asking him if the committee
would call for them?
Mr. HOUSTON. You may have done it; but
.1 remember no such thing.
Mr. BENTON. It is for these reasons that I
never like to tell anything which passes privately
between two gentlemen. But I thought I went to
him. I thought 1 asked for the papers.
Mr. HOUSTON. I dn not remember anything
about it. I know we had several conversations
about the papers.
Mr. BENTON. My recollection is, that I did
talk with the gentleman, and that we became
rather pointed m our talk. My recollection is,
that 1 insisted that it was the duty of the com-
mittee to bring those papers before the House;
but he did not think so. That is my recollection.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
I insist thot the rules be enforced.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Geor-
gia raises the question of order, that the gentleman
from Missouri has offered an amendment, and
does not confine his remarks to the explanation of
that amendment. The Chair overrules the ques-
tion of order, upon the^round that he understands
the present colloquy between the gentleman from
Missouri and the gentleman from Alabama to be
a personal matter, and partaking of a privileged
character.
Mr. SEWARD. I did not understand the gen-
tleman from Missouri as basing his remarks upon
the ground that it was a question of privilege.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the proceeding between the gentleman from Mis-
souri and Alabama to be as he has stated.
Mr. McMULLlN. If thegentleman from Mis-
souri rises to a personal explanation, in connection
with what passed between htm and the gentleman
from Alabama, i will not object, otherwise 1 do
object upon the ground taken by the gentleman
from Georgia; and upon that ground I shall take
an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to know if a
personal explanation can come into the committee
as a question of privilege?
Mr. SEWARD I understand the gentleman
from Missouri to have made a distinct motion to
ai.iend this bill, and to base his remarks upon
that amendment. I submit, therefore, that no
question of privilege, or a personal explanation,
is raised. I did not understand the gentleman to
put it upon that ground. And I do not under-
stand that a question of privilege can arise upon a
motion of that sort.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark,
that a question may be pending, and a subsequent
question may arise, and although that question
may be pending, it will not prevent the introduc-
tion and decision of a personal matter which,
according: to the rules of courtesy and the usages
of ail legislative bodies, is tolerated and recognized
as a matter of privilege.
Mr. SEWARD. I think the Chair is raising
a collateral issue.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will repeat his
decision.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, sir, I appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri offers an amendment to the pending bill.
Subsequent to that motion, and while it was pend-
ing, he entered into a matter of privilege, in the
judgment of the Chair, but not affecting the ori-
ginal motion, or his rights under thatmotion. To
this course the gentleman from Georgia takes
exception, and raises a question of order, that
the gentleman has no right to introduce questions
of this sort during the pendency of the original
amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to the manner in
which the gentleman states the case.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order, and from that decision the gen-
tleman from Georgia takes an appeal; and the
quec-tion is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 merely wish to
ask the Chair, if ever, in his recollection, there has
a question of privilege arisen in the Committee of
the Whole heretofore?
Mr. RICHARDSON. There was never such
a question raised before.
Mr. JONES. I submit to the Chair, and to
the committee, that debate having been terminated
by order of the House, the only debate in order in
committee is that which may take place under
the five-minute rule, upon the amendment made
by the mover, m explanation of it, and by the
one first getting the floor in opposition, i sub-
mit further to the Chair, that no personal expla-
nation can be made in the House except by the
unanimous consent of the House, and that the
committee have no right to suspend the rules,
even by unanimous consent.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark,
in the first place, that the rules of the House, by
an express rule, apply in the Committee of the
Whole, so far as they are applicable. Now, the
rules of courtesy, as well as the usage of the
House, and of every other deliberative body, tol-
erate personal matters as being of a privileged
character. And the Chair repeats, what he said a
momept since, that, although another question
may be pending, yet a question of privilege may
still arise while it is pending. In that light the
Chair understands the matter before the House.
The gentleman from Missouri made a motion to
amend, and while thatmotion was pending, be-
came involved in a personal matter with the gen-
tleman from Alabama of a privileged character.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to ask the
Chair a single question. He has correctly stated
that the rules of the House are applicable to pro-
ceedings m the Committee of the Whole. In order
to make explanations in the House, there must
be unanimous consent. If that be so, then must
there not be unanimous consent for the same pur-
pose in the Committee of the Whole?
Mr. McMULLlN. I understood the gentle-
man from Georgia as raising his question of order
on the ground that a motion had been made to
reduce the appropriation one dollar, and that the
member from Missouri was departing from the
discussion of that amendment. That was the
ground of the gentleman's point of order. The
Chair has overruled that point, from which de-
cision the gpntleman has taken an appeal; and I
think that the appeal has been well taken.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire that the House
should understand this matter, and that the Chair
and myself should understand each other. I
think the Chair is raising a collateral issue for the
purpose of getting a vote on this question.
|,Now let us examine the question. The gentle-
man from Missouti proposes to reduce the appro-
priation one dollar. He also proposed to discuss
that amendment under the rules of the House.
Failing to do that, and seeking to go into an in-
vestigation of a matter which had already been
discussed by members on this fioor, in reference
to the application for the papers connected with
the making of this treaty, a dispute arose between
the gentleman from Missouri and the gentleman
from Alabama. I understood the Chair to decide
that the question was a privileged one; that mat-
ters of public record and history are privileged
questions, and that therefore he would indulge the
gentleman from Missouri.
The CHAIRMAN. It can hardly be neces-
sary for the Chair to repeat that, under the rules
of the House giving the privilege of five minutes'
explanation, he would not hesitate to decide the
member must be confined to the terms of the rule.
That is to say, his remarks must be confined to
an explanation of the pending amendment. If that
point of order had been raised by the gentleman
from Georgia, or any other member, the Chair
would have so ruled. It is not as supposed by
thegentleman from Georgia. The Chair did not
overrule any such point. The Chair has attempted
to explain, but he has evidently been unfortunate
in doing so.
Pending a motion to amend, a question of a
personal character-arose,and the Chair, according
to the usage of the House, tolerated it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to suggest to the
committee, that, independent of the point which
the Chair makes to sustain itself, the remarks of
the member from Missouri are in order on the
merits of his proposition.
Mr. HENN. I rise to a question of order.
The appeal is pot debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark
that this whole discussion is out of order.
[Cries of " That is right!"]
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is very remarkable that
the Chair has only just found that out.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. The gentleman from
Tennessee, thegentleman from Georgia, and the
gentleman from Illinois, have all been indulged, and
without objection. Is not a gentleman on the op-
posite side of the House allowed to say one word ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is out of
order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Was I not entitled to the
floor ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair (vill repeat,
that under the order of the House limitingdebate,
all this discussion is out of order. It has been
indulged by the Chair until his attention was spe-
cially called to it by gentlemen, and demand made
for the enforcement of the rule.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then the rule is brought
to bear on me and not upon others.
The CHAIRMAN. It had to be brought to
bear at some time.
Mr TAYLOR, of Ohio. I demand tellers on
the appeal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dawson and
Latham were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 7G. noes 73.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. The decision
of the Chair has not been understood in this part
of the Hall, and it is suggested that the Chair
would repeat it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair simply de~
cided that a matter of personal explanation was
privileged in committee as well as in the House.
Mr. PERKINS. That the five-minute, rule
did not apply to it?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not say
that.
Mr. BENTON. I would be very sorry to give
any trouble to the House; and for the purpose of
getting out of all this trouble, I withdraw the
amendment I offered, and ofFer this one.
At the end of the bill add the following proviso:
Provided, That no part of the sum herein appropriated
shall be diawn from the Treasury until the President shall
AM have communicated to this House all the correspond-
ence, instructions, &c., &.C., connected with the negotia-
tion of the treaty.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a point of order. I
do not think that the amendment is germane to
the main question.
The CE1AIRMAN. TheChair is unfortunate
in not concurring with the gentleman from Georgia
on that point.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, I sympathize with the
Chair in his misfortune. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN; An amendment limiting
the time at which the appropriation shall be paid
is germane and in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to aquestion
of privilege. I am very willing to hear the re-
marks of the gentleman from Missouri, but I wish
to be informed upon a point. I understood that a
resolution to close the general debate upon this
treaty at twelve o'clock to-day was agreed to.
Well, now, sir, the question which I wish to be
informed on—I do not raise it—is this: Whether
general debate can continue under the five-minute
rule, or whether, under that rule, members are
not to be confined to the amendments offered, and
not to be allowed to enter into general debate, in
favor of or against the bill ?
The C H AIRMAN. In reply to the gentleman
from Virginia, the Chair can but say that the rule
expressly directs—and the construction of the
House upon it has been—that the discussion shall
be limited to explanations of the amendment.
