1564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
was not in order; but he has paid no respect to
the decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr: Peckham] has exhausted his time.
Mr. ORR. I am opposed to the amendment of
the gentleman from New York, and i hope the
committee will come to a vote upon it.
Mr. Peckham's amendment to the amendment
was rejected.
The question recurred upon Mr. Benton's
amendment.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire, for the purpose of
saying a few words, to renew the motion of my
colleague, restricting it to nine days instead of
two. I submit to this committee, it is proper
that this correspondence should be laid before the
public, and 1 claim that this House should have
it long enough before the money is used to enable
it to interfere. In case the correspondence shows
what has been intimated and alleged here, and m
other places, that it would show when published,
we ought to have time to act upon it. Now, 1
•would not make this limitation of time nine days,
if it was not for the tenacity and pertinacity of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, in endeavoring to crowd gentlemen here,
who, m good faith, have asked him to wipe off
this reproach from the Administration. The
tenacity with which he holds on to this measure,
shows that there is " something rotten in Den-
mark." There is no court on earth, that 1 know
of, where a man is arraigned in a criminal case,
unless it is in a capital case, and he stands silent,
it is not adjudged a plea of guilty.
Why, then, has there been this tenacity exhib-
ited on the part of my friend on the other side?
Why can he not let us have the correspondence?
Is he afraid of it? I, for one, will not have this
issue changed. The issue is not whether the cor-
respondence was asked for in time. It is whether
they dare let us have the papers. That is the
issue, and I hold him to it.
Mr. ASHE. 1 have heard with a great deal of
surprise the remarks of my friend from New
York in reference to the amendment which he
submitted. He demands that, as a matter of right,
this House be put in possession of these papers.
Now, the question of right is a matter of contro-
versy. For my part, I deny that we have a right
to call for them. I deny that the President has,
in any manner, compromised the privileges of this
House by declining to send these letteis with his
message. This is an old question, it has been
long argued in the country, and it has been as-
serted and held, time after time, that we have no
right to such correspondence. Why have we not ?
Because the House of Representatives is not a part
of the treaty-making power. I hold m my hand
a message from General Washington to the fourth
Congress, which has been, no doubt, referred to
during this debate, which satisfied my mind upon
this point. In that case he expressly refused to
communicate papers. Congress, he says, in pur-
suance of the powers granted by the Constitution,
must appropriate money to fulfill a treaty; but
that they can only object to the treaty on two
grounds—either that it isin opposition to the Con-
stitution of the country, or that the execution of the
treaty will engender consequences so injurious to
the interests of the country as to justify their op-
position.
We are not the treaty-making power. We can
only participate m it by implication, as a legislative
branch. Now, what infoi mation could these papers
afford us, even if we had them for this purpose?
Could they enlighten ut  on thepointasto whether
the treaty is constitutional or not? We could get
no information whatever from them on that point.
It would determine nothing. We have the treaty,
and can see whether it is constitutional or not.
And, sir, if it is unconstitutional,or incompatible
with the public interests, let us refuse the appropri-
ation. But what information can the papers give
you on this subject? But they say, why have not
the papers been communicated before? Have we
demanded them ? The President did not know that
the House desired them.
^ Sir, the convention which framed the Constitu-
tion expressly decided that this House should
have no power m making a treaty. This consti-
tuted one of the chief objections of thelargrer States
to its adoption. North Carolina and Pennsylva-
nia offered amendments to the Constitution giving
Us this power\ but these amendments were treVef
adopted. The best interest of the country de-
mands that we should keep separate and distinct
the' divisions of power under the Constitution.
Nothing short of stern necessity should induce us
to arrogate power which does not belong to us.
This treaty, as I conceive, presents no such case;
and, theiefore, i cannotaccede to the course which
we have been urged by its opponents to adopt.
The question was then taken on Mr. Haven's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. I move pro
forma to amend the amendment, so as to postpone
the operation of the bill for eight days.
I look upon the negotiations with Mexico as a
piece of unmixed, unmitigated stupidity, from the
beginning to the end. In this respect there is
nothing equal to it except the debate to which it
has given rise in this House. The treaty against
which you have all argued,the President's treaty,
has been repudiated and rejected; the treaty which
i the House is called upon to consider, is a treaty
] made by ourselves, made by our Senate; it is a
• proposition which we deliberately made to Mexico,
| and which she has accepted. There may have
i been more or less of intrigue and fraud in the first
| treaty; it was a bad treaty, undoubtedly, and, for
i that reason, was promptly rejected. I will vote
| for the appropriation, but with no great degree of
| satisfaction. Five millions would have been
j readily accepted. So much for the treaty.
! I desire to call attention to a kindred subject.
I Mexican negotiations naturally ally themselves to
j Spanish negotiations. This President, like his
] predecessor, exhibits promptitude of action against
our own people. The Cuban troubles are about
1 to end as they ended in Mr. Fillmore's time.
I Dogberry and Verges have discovered theconspi-
I racy, and there is the end of it. What I desire
j to say is, that when the President thinks proper
• to proclamate against my people in the South, I
j want him to preserve some sort of uniformity.
j I demand a proclamation against the citizens of
! Missouri, who have notoriously combined to resist
emigration to Kansas. They are striking openly
and boldly at our most cherished privileges. The
Nebraska bill is dubious, the rifle is certain;
courts err, but the Missouri rifle rarely misses.
It is a significant commentary, this Missouri
movement.
Mr. DfiAN. I am opposed to the amendment
of the gentleman from Mississippi, and ask for the
vote.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. McNAIR. I move that the committee do
now rise; and upon that motion I demand tellers,
i Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell
| and Wheeler were appointed.
j The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to; the tellers having reported-^jlftres 62,
i noes 81.
h So the committee refused to rise.
;j Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, I move to amend by
Jj providing that the law shall not go into effect
! until four days after the President has communi-
l| cated the correspondence in reference to this treaty
'I to the House.
jj Mr. MAXWELL. I rise to a question of order.
!il would not make the point, but similar amend-
:j ments have been already entertained, and may be
• entertained hereafter. 1 make the point that an
;! amendment inconsistent with the main proposi-
' j tion of the bill cannot be entertained. I submit
!i to the Chair and the committee that this amend-
j| ment, which presupposes a call on the Executive
j! for correspondence in connection with this treaty,
[| which, m fact, has not been made, is inconsistent
II with the main proposition of the bill, and cannot
11 be entertained.
!j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair recognizes the
jj truth of the doctune laid down by the gentleman
j! from Florida, that if an amendment is inconsistent
; I with the body of a bill, or repugnant to it, it is out
jj of order. But whether the amendmentproposed in
I! the present instance is so repugnant, is for the
|j committee to decide. The Chair cannot say that
jj it is so repugnant as to come within the rule,
jj Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I assure the gentle-
I! man from Alabama that it is not my intention to
j1 say anything prejudicial to the Committee of
i| Ways and Means. I did suppose that, with so
j! large a majority in the House—sufficiently large
ij to pass thi3 bill—they would have done away with
IS any objection that might have been urged against
the bill upon the ground that we had not sufficient
information before us upon which to base our
action. I desired, in all good faith, to vote for
this treaty, if I could see my way clear.
I listened with the utmost attention to the re-
marks of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,] and others who have spoken upon this
subject, and endeavored to comfeto such a conclu-
sion. But the only information I have in regard
to the necessity of appropriating $10,000,000, is
that gathered from the newspapers, the rumors
circulating in the streets, and the individual opin-
ions of gentlemen upon this floor. 1 desire more
particularly to refcjy to the remarks of my friend
from North Carolina, [Mr. Ashe,] who said, as
I understood it, that this House has no rijjht to
cfdl for the.papers in this case. Can it be possible
that, in reference to a treaty for which we are
called to make an appropriation of $10,000,000,
we have no right to call upon the President for the
papers relating to it? I say that we have such a
right; and while I have a seat in this Hall I shall
insist on it. I will not censure the President if
he says he cannot communicate the papers to us
without doing injury to the public interests. It
would be the duty of President Pierce to say that
he could not communicate the information in rela-
tion to this treaty, if it could not be done without
injury to the public service; and, for one, I should
be satisfied with that communication.
It is said in the newspapers throughout the
country, that some of the correspondence in ref-
erence to this treaty is utterly derogatory, and
disgraceful to the United States. I do not believe
it. 1 wish the President of the United States—
whether he concurs with me in political sentiment
makes no difference with me—to convey such
information as he can to this House; and if I can
sustain him in his acts, I will do so. I never acqui-
esced in the sentiment that we have no right to
call upon the Executive for papers. We are
now called upon to make an appropriation of
$10,000,000 to pay for territory, and abrogate an
article in the treaty which we have made hereto-
fore; and I say we have the right to call for the
papers in the case; and the President, according
to his discretion, has the right to withhold them
or not. Can it be possible that this House will
say that we have not the right to call upon the
President for this information ? I, for one, insist
that we have the right to call upon the President
for it, and that he has the right to communicate
it, if he thinks proper to do so.
My principal objection to this treaty is, that a
large majority of this House are for withholding
information in regard to it. Why was it not
given to us on last Monday? In my opinion it
might have been sent to us within two hours; and
during that day the House could have received it
without doing injury to the public service. And
when he had communicated that much of his in-
formation,!, for one, would have acquitted him
of all impropriety in the matter. Sir, he is not
chargeable now with the course of gentlemen on
this floor, or with the single objection which met
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Peckham.]
When it is said " You shall not offer your resolu-
tion; you shall not have the desired information;
you are required to vote this appropriation of
$10,000,000," it is as if it were said, " Stand and
deliver; you are not worthy to receive information
at the hands of the Executive." Now, while I
am disposed to acquit the President of the United
States of each and every impropriety, I will stand
here to do justice to the House of Representatives
against each and every President, and against
each and every majority who will thus radically
withhold information which ought to be communi-
cated to the Representatives of the people on this
floor.
It has been said to me privately by an eminent
Democratic gentleman connected with the public
service, that he believed it was the duty of the
President to have sent with this treaty all the
information in his power to enlighten the Repre-
sentatives of the people, and to enable them to
form their judgment. Now, we have asked for
information; you refused to give it to us. The
only thing for us, then, to do, is to vote no. For
my part, I have, on this account, made up my
mind to vote against the bill, although I had earn-
estly desired to sustain it.
Mr. Chairman, this is a high prerogative of the
House of Representatives. If you abandon it to-
