1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1565
day, you may, in the course of two or three weeks,
be required to abandon it in some other oases.
We have other treaties pending, and I think that
every member of this Bouse ought to be more
zealous to maintain its rights, than to make a treaty
with the quondam savior of Mexico and with its
quasi Emperor. If there is a necessity for a south-
ern Pacific railroad route; if it is necessary to ab-
rogate the eleventh article of the treaty of Guada-
lupe Hidalgo; if it is necessary for us to have a
right of way across the IsthmtfS of Tehuantepec,
let us negotiate a treaty in a fair and honorable
way, and let the negotiations be submitted to the
Representatives of the people.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Chairman, I am
opposed to the amendment ofjpny friend from
Ohio. I fully agree with him in his position that
the House of Representatives has a right to call
for information on such a subject; and if any gen-
tleman had made the motion, 1 should have voted
for it at any previous time; while the President
would then be at liberty to decide whether or not
it was compatible with the public interest to give
the information asked for. The nature of that
correspondence would not influence my vote. I
do not know whether or not there is anything
in the correspondence to hurt the Administra-
tion, Mexico, or anybody else. My vote woulJ
not be influenced by it. Therefore I am not dis-
posed to delay the passage of the bill, or to vote
for the amendment of my friend with a view to
delay the ratification of the treaty. I presume it
is the desire of the friends of the measure to vote
upon it to-day, because unless it passes the House
to-day, I do not believe that it could be got through
the Senate in time. We are under the obligation,
if we pass the bijl at all, to pass it to-day. There-
fore I hope, as I presume that every gentleman
has made up his mind, that we will come to an
understanding, and vote upon it this evening.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Taylor; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurring on Mr. Benton's amend-
ment, it was taken; and the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. PRESTON. I now move that the com-
mittee rise and report the bill to the House.
Mr. PECKHAM. I move to reduce the ap-
propriation §500.
Mr. HENDRICKS.
You have not the floor
I believe I have the right
for that purpose.
Mr. PECKHAM.
to offer an amendment.
Mr. PRESTON. I believe I have the floor. I
move to strike out the enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of
order. 1 present the question of order, not be-
cause I desire to offer any amendment; for I
assure the committee 1 shall not do so. My point
is, that the motion of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky is not m order. I need not repeat the rea-
sons given the other day, when this same point
arose 
A Member. We all understand it.
Mr. PRESTON. Will the gentleman from
Ohio permit me to say a word ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly.
Mr. PRESTON. I understand the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Peckiiam] desires to address
the House, and therefore I withdraw my motion.
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 move to reduce the
amount of the appropriation five dollars.
One chief purpose of this treaty, sir, seems to
be, to obtain the cession of sufficient territory to
secure a track for a Pacific road in the southern
part of the country. I am in favor of it, so far as
ttiat point is concerned. I am quite willing that
they should have a route. But it seems to be con-
ceded that the town of El Paso ought for that pur-
pose to be included in this territory. Now, the
line of this new treaty runs three miles north of
the town of El Paso. Captain Marcy, an accu-
rate and scientific officer, reports on the map made
by him that the line as run by Giay and Graham
is eight miles north ot El Paso. The south line of
our territory, as fixed by this treaty, is just five
miles south of that line, and, of course, three miles
north of El Paso.
The object sought to be attained in that respect
is not obtained, and it will leave room for a new
negotiation to purchase more territory.
Another objection, which I will state, to this
treaty—though I will not argue it on its merits
under the circumstances—is, that it does not se-
cure, as tlffe treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo did, the
claims of our citizens upon the Government of
Mexico. That treaty did provide that security,
and many claims have been satisfied under it.
Invited to do so by a circular issued by Mr.
Walker, the then Secretary of the Treasury, many
of our citizens took large quantities of merchan-
dise to Mexico during our late war with that
country, and while our armies were in her terri-
tory. When peace was declared, the goods m
Mexico then undisposed of\owned by our citi-
zens, were carefully guaide^^id secured to them
by special and particular provisions inserted in the
nineteenth article of that treaty; and yet our citi-
zens owning that property were literally despoiled
of their goods by the Mexican Government and
their officials; the treaty, in that respect, was
wholly disregarded and violated,and the property
of our citizens sacrificed and entirely lost to them.
Hundreds of thousands of dollars' worth were so
lost to them, and claim has again and again been
made by our Minister to that Government for
redress, as 1 am informed, and we have applied
in vain. Such claims for ltuge amounts are now
before our Government for relief against Mex-
ico. A few days since I presented one for some
$200,000 to this House. The attention of this
Government had been fully called to this sub-
ject; and yet here we have a treaty negotiated and
ratified, and the just claims of our own citizens
upon the Mexican Government are entirely omit-
ted, forgotten, or utterly neglected ! We are pay-
ing over to an insolvent Government—a Govern-
ment that may not, and probably will not, con-
tinue six months after this treaty shall be ratified—
paying them $10,000,000; and yet we make no
provision whatever to secure the just claims of
our own citizens against that Government from
this money I Ought we to sustain such a treaty
by voting this appropriation r
Mr. WALSH. 1 had not designed to say any-
thing in reference to this treaty. I was anything
but favorably inclined towards it at first, and sup-
pose 1 should have voted against it had there been
no discussion upon it. But every argument that
[ have heard against it has weakened my opposi-
tion to it. Sir, with reference to these papers, and
other objections that have been raised, 1 regard it
as all moonshine, i suppose there are facts con-
nected with the negotiation of this treaty that it
is not proper the world should know. I am well
aware, from my own personal knowledge, that
there were facts connected with the introduction
of Santa Anna into Mexico during the war that
it is not proper for the world to know.
But I was opposed to the treaty mainly upon
the ground that it gave $10,000,000 towards prop-
ping up a tottering despotism, which must natu-
rally drop into our own hands. I was opposed
| to bolstering up a GoveiOment that affords no
protection to property, and no protection to per-
sonal liberty, and that tramples upon the masses
of the people. I was opposed to retarding that
event which is looked for with confident hope by
every good citizen in Mexico. But when I looked
around, and saw the materials of which the op-
position is composed, I must acknowledge that
my doubts were shaken; so much so, that I am
not certain that, if my vote should be necessary
for the passage of the bill, I should vote in its
favor on its final passage.
The question was taken; and Mr. Peckham s
amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PRESTON. 1 move that the committee
do now rise and report the bill to the House,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to. .
, The committee rose; and the Speaker having
i resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr. Disney)
. reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
i the Union generally under consideration, and par-
; ticularly the bill of the House (No. 405) "u.
■ enable the President of the United States to fulfill
the third article of the treaty between the United
I States and the Mexican Republic,of 30th Decem-
ber, 1853, as amended by the Senate of the Um-
(„,1 Slates." and had directed him to report tn
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
: read a third time; and being engrossed, it was read
j a third time.
i Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the previous ques-
■ tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question' was seconded, and the
| main question ordered to be now put.
I Mr. HOWE. I demand the yeas and naya on
] the passage of the bill.
j The yeas and nays were ordered.
j. The question was then taken; and it was decided
j in the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
j Willis Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey. Barksdale, Barry, Bel-
' cher, Bell, Bliss, Ilocoek, Boyce, Breeknjriilge, Bridges,
j Biooks, Caskie, Chamberlain, Chastam, Chrisnmii, Clark,
Ctirigman, Cobb, Colquitt. Cox, Curtis, Jolni G. Davis,
| Dawson, Dean, Disney, Dowd'-lI.Eddy, Edniundson, John
I M. Elliott, Ellison, Ewirig, Faulkner, Florence, Gamble,
j Goode, Greenwood, Grow,Sampson W. Harris, Hendricks,
I Henn, Hiilver, Houston, Hunt, Ingersotl, Johnson, George
W. Jones, J Glaney Jones, Roland Jones, Kent, Kerr, Kia-
ivell, Kurtz,Lamb, I.weher, Lituisley. McDonuail, MeMui-
! ho, McNair, Macy, Maxwell, S(mlh Miller, Millson, Olds,
! Orr, Packer, John Peikins, Phelps. Phillips, Powell, Pratt,
i Preston, Puryear, Reese, Richardson. Riddle, fiobbins.
j Rowe, Kiiffin, Seward, Shannon, Sbaw, Singleton, Samuel
! A. Smith. William Smith, Georse W. Smyth, Frederick P.
1 Stanton, Hestor I.. Stevens, Straub, David Stuart, John J.
Taylor, Thurston, Vail, Van-ant, Walker, Walsh, West-
brook. Daniel B. Wright, andZolliooffer—103.
NAYS—-Messrs. Bennett, Ben-oil, Benton, Campbell,
Carpenter, Chandler, Cook, Crocker,Culloin,Thomas Da-
vis, De Witt, Dick, Dickinson. Eastman, Thomas D. Eliot,
Dverhart, Failey, Finton, Flagler, Giddings, Goodrich,
Aaron Harlan. Harrison, Hie-tings, Haven, Hiester, Howe,
Huahes, Daniel T Jones, Knox, Lindley, McCulloch,
Matteson, Mavall, Middleswstrth, John G. Miller, Morgan,
Murtay, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Parker,
l'eckham, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Prlugle, David
Ritchie, Russell, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Gernt Smith, John L.
Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Upham, Wade, Walley, El-
hhu B Washbnrne, Israel Washbuin, John Wentworth,
Tappan Weutwortii, arid Wheeler—6-2.
So the bill was passed.
Previous to the announcement of the above vote,
Mr. EWING said: I do not like to vote on so
important a measure after so little discussion; but
being the best that, can be done now, but not the
best under different auspices, 1 vote aye.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and that that
motion to reconsider lie upon theuble.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the title to the bill was
adopted; and that that motion be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correwtly enrolled an act of the
following title; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Speaker:
An act to aid the Territory of Minnesota m the
construction of a railroad therein.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and thereupon the
House adjourned (at thirty minutes past four
o'clock) until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
ted Stales,
same
with a
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 29, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Hejjry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr FESSENDEN. i desire to present the
petition of Leonard Chase, and three hundred and
two other inhabitants of Milford, New Ilamp-
! shire, praying for the repeal of the fugitive slave
! act of 1850. I desire to state that this petition is
| nut open to the same objections with regard to
1 locality that were taken by my friend from Ten-
' nessee [Mr. Jones] the other day, in relation to
j the petition from Boston.
! I have taken a little pains to look at the census,
' and I find the number of inhabitants of this town
! to be about two thousand, from which 1 suppose
I that these three hundred and two voters comprise
! pretty much all the voters in the town. The pe-
tition comes from the town of Milford, m the
, .1- |  .  : « I i, w.ll emicM  
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move the previous ques-
tion upon the engrossment of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, ana the
main question ordered to be put.
: Magistrate, and 1 suppose it
some additional consideration on that account. I
! move that it be referred to the Committee on the
! Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
