1566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
ATMOSPHERIC TELEGRAPH.
Mr. MALLORY. The special committee to
whom were referred the memorial and accom-
panying papers of Ithiel Richardson on the sub-
ject of the proposed atmospheric telegraph, have
instructed me to make a report, and to ask that
one hundred extra copies of it be printed. A bill
will probably be reported by the committee at a
subsequent period.
The report was ordered to be printed, and the
motion to print one hundred extra copies was*
agreed to.
THE GADSDEN TREATY.
During the remarks of Mr. SEWARD, which
follow, a message was received from the House
of Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed a bill to
enable the President of the United States to fulfill
the third article of the treaty between the United
States and the Mexican Republic, of the 30th De-
cember, 1853, as amended by the Senate of the
United States. -
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the general consent of
the Senate to be allowed to take up that bill at
once. It is to carry out the provisions of a treaty
which we have ratified, and we have but little
time left.
Mr. BADGER. What is the latest time?
Mr. HUNTKR. This day.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will suggest
that the proposition of the Senator from New
York must be first disposed of.
Mr. HUNTER. Of course I must have his
consent.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall be very brief in my
remarks.
The honorable Senator then continued his
speech.
MAIL LINE TO CHINA.
Mr. GWIN. I ask the consent of the Senate
to take up the bill reported from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads " to establish
a line of steam mail ships between San Francisco,
in California, and Shanghai, m China, torching
at the Sandwich Islands and Japan."
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the summer
solstice is passed; the thermometer indicates 90°;
time is becoming precious in the Senate; 1 shall,
therefore, condense the explanation which the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads has
instructed me to make.
The bill directs the Postmaster General to con-
tract for five years with the lowest bidder, on fair
competition, with good security, for the carriage of
monthly mails between San Francisco, in Cali-
fornia, and Shanghai, in China, by the way of
the Sandwich Islands and Japan, in steam vessels
of at least two thousand tons burden, constructed
in the best manner with regard to speed and safety,
at a cost of not more than $500,000 per annum,
and directs also, thatany deficiency of the accruing
postages to defray the expense of the transaction,
shall be paid by the Treasury of the United States.
Will the Senate please to consider that we have
in operation a very perfect postal system, which
pervades and penetrates all the inhabited regions
of our country, while U is connected by steam
mail vessels with similar European postal systems
beyond the Atlantic, and that by this national
agency, letters, newspapers, and commercial, sci-
entificand political communications of all sorts, are
regularly exchanged among the people of the
United States, and those of western Europe. Will
the Senate please to consider, also, that new ef-
ficiency has been recently given to these postal
systems by the establishment of electric telegraphs
coextensive with them on both continents. One
hundred millions of letters pass through our own
post offices annually.
Now, will the Senate once more consider that
since our posLal system thus described was estab-
lished, we have forever ceased to be merely an
Atlantic people, and that, on the contrary, having
added to the Union one flourishing commercial
State of vast dimensions, and also two territories
which are soon to become States on the Pacific
coast, and that being now engaged in filling up the
territory thus rounded off, we have become a con-
tinental American Power, holdingthe same attitude
to Asia that we do to Europe, and sustaining the
same relations to the countries on each of those
continents. What is now proposed is simply to
extend our existing postal system westward on
the Pacific ocean, so as to exchange intelligence
with the nations dwelling on its islands and coasts
as we already exchange intelligence with the na-
tions that dwell on the islands and coasts of the
Atlantic ocean. The very'statement of the case
in this form seems to me a complete demonstra-
tion. Nevertheless, I will briefly illustrate.
First, Please to look at the subject in its relation
to the people of California, Oregon, and Washing-
ton. Those people morally, and by virtue of the
Constitution, haveaghts in all respects equal with
those which are espied by their fellow-citizens
residing on the Pacific coast. If the latter justly
enjoy the aid of regular and speedy public mails
in their intercourse with the countries accessible
over the sea, which washes their shores, then,
unless for some reason that must be assigned, the
former have the same right to the aid of regular
and speedy public mails m their intercourse with
the countries accessible to them over the sea, which
washes their shores. If this right should be abso-
lutely denied, then they would be absolved from
obligations of loyalty, and would seek to regain
equality by separation and independence. 1 am
sure that injustice will not be practiced so long as
to give excuse for disloyalty. But this confidence,
on the other hand, does not of itself justify post-
ponement.
The measure proposed is not premature, if the
extent of the national Pacific coast bears any fair
proportion to the length of the national Atlantic
coast, if there be in California and Oregon suffi-
cient population, with adequate resources and
capital for foreign trade and commerce, and if
there be on the Asiatic coasts markets open and
inviting such intercourse. All these conditions
exist. Our Pacific coast stretches away from the
thirty-first to the forty-ninth parallel—a length of
sixteen hundred miles—without including the
shores of the Straits of Fuca and of Puget's
Sound, inland waters on the western, corres-
ponding with the Gulf of St. Lawrence, on the
eastern side of the continent. This coast is but
little shorter than our Atlantic shore was before
Florida was annexed to the United States. The
population ofCalifornia. Oregon,and Washington,
already exceeds four hundred thousand, while San
Francisco, the chief seat of their commerce, num-
bers fifty thousand. 1 need not expatiate on the
commercial resources and capital of a people whose
mines, besides the domestic supply, yield eighty
millions of gold dust and bullion for exportation;
or, to state the fact in another way, a people
whose mines have, in six years, given stability
and tone to our own before fluctuating currency,
and enhanced sensibly the value of all property
throughout the civilized world. As little is it ne-
cessary to enlarge on the commercial resources of
the ancient " East," and the attractions it offers
to the merchants of <fur western coasts. They
have been,for four hundred years, the inspiration
of human activity in its grandest development.
British steamers connect all the principal ports of
the Pacific and Indian oceans, from Australia to
the Cape of Good Hope, and thus afford access
to the places where are exchanged the productions
of half of the population of the globe. Great
Britain also carries on a trade in these ports of
§200,000,000. But California, Oregon, and Wash-
ington have need of a trade unknown to Great
Britain. With wide regions to reduce to cultiva-
tion, and gold-bearing mountains to he rendered
productive, they need emigrant labor, while China
and other Oriental countries have a population
overcrowded and impoverished by ages of despot-
ism, seeking escape to our newly discovered con-
tinent. But the inhabitants of our Pacific coast
are not merelya mercantile people. Likeall other
American citizens, they are deeply interested in all
the social, moral, and political movements of so-
ciety in every part of the globe.
I submit then that the argument forthe present
measure is complete, even while it rests on the
ground of its importance to the people of Cali-
fornia, Oregon, and Washington. Happily, how-
ever, it is easy to show that in this case, as in most
others, the local orsectional interests involved are
inferior to the general interests oftheUnion. We
have a habit of discussing questions of territorial
enlargement, and of the extension of political and
commercial influences and connections, with as
much caution and anxiety as if we enjoyed always
ftee choice to make, prevent, or control national
movements in that direction. I grant that we do
wisely when we refuse to commit ourselves blindly
to the guidance of those who interpret to us what
they are pleased to call, our manifest destiny. And
yet, sir, I confess that'sometimes, when I take
an outside position and review the thickly recur-
ring changes through which we have passed, it
seems to me that our course has been shaped,
not so much by any self-guiding wisdom of our
own, as by a law of progress and development
impressed upon us by nature herself. When we
consider the resistless impulses to expansion
which have acted on the people of the United
States during the last half century, together with the
broad and tempting field which, at the beginning
of that period stretched out from beneath iheir feet,
and when we c&sider, in connection with these
circumstances, how the Creole population who
asserted claims to possess that field, had become
physically and intellectually unable to defend it,
and how France, consumed by anarchy and yet
engaged in a death struggle with despotism, was
unable to hold Louisiana, and that Spain, enervated
by self-indulgence, sustained herself only by
means of foreign aid, and was, therefore, obliged
to relinquish Florida and Mexico, it is difficult to
conceive how we could have much longer avoided
that extension which has given us a broad region
whose surplus productions must have way thiough
many channels to western as well as eastern foreign
markets. That extension has not only brought
the Antilles under our constant surveillance, but
has also brought us to confront the island and the
coast of Asia, and obliged us to open passages to
them across the territories of friendly Powers
while preparing to make the more direct and im-
portant one over our own broad, but as yet imper-
fectly explored domain.
To what end has this expansion tended from
the beginning? Whither does it now tend, if not
to commerce and to influence on the islands and
continents which lie between us and the setting
sun? Beyond all doubt, this is its^tendency, if
we have sufficient resources and adequate vigor
and energy to justify us in engaging in competi-
tion for that commerce. Great Britain largely
monopolizes it, and yet, while her territory
scarcely equals that of one of our largest States,
her native resources are inferior to those of Vir-
ginia, or of Pennsylvania, or of Missouri, or of
Texas, or of California alone. To speak of no
others, Pennsylvania excavates coal from her
mines at a rate of annual increase which prom-
ises $180,000,000 for the production of the year
1870. When we refer to our success in driving
all competitors from the whaling fields under either
pole; and when we find that our aggregate ton-
nage employed in commerce is already four mil-
lion six hundred thousand tons, and exceeds that
of Great Britain proper, is it not manifest that our
energy and vigor have been proved beyond doubt
or dispute?
The same tendency marks the political events
which are occurring on the other side of the Pa-
cific. Within ten years China, before closed against
us, has opened to us five principal ports on vari-
ous parallels of latitude along her entire coast.
Just now a revolution is occurring there, doubtless
the result of her departure from her ancientpolicy
of exclusion, which seems likely to give us free
access to every part of the Empire. Even while
we have been engaged here in our annual labors,
the news comes to us of the opening of three ports,
with the addition of convenient stations for re-
pairs and refitting in Japan; and we learn, also,
that a messenger is on his way who brings to us
a voluntary and unrestricted cession of the Ha-
waiian Islands.
The conclusion which follows the consideration
of these events is, that the policy which the Atlan-
tic nations have pursued so long, although so
unsteadily, is on the eve of its consummation, that
the East and the West, after a separation of three
thousand years, are to be fraternally reunited.
There is no Power but ourselves likely to either
cooperate or compete with Great Britain in effect-
ing that consummation. It is the proper work, not
of one only, but of both of the branches of that great
family which is spreading everywhere freedom
and free religion with the capacious and compre-
hensive language of the British islands. If we
abstain from such cooperation and competition
altogether, then the trade and intercourse of the
two hemispheres will pass around us, leaving to us
only incidental benefits common to all other na-
