1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1567
tions. If, on the contrary, we adopt the policy
which has dictated this measure, and if we carry
it out by extending our railroad, postal, and tele-
graph systems throu^fcour new Territories to the
Pacific coast, then we shall not only open t# all
our cities and States the inestimable benefits of a
liberal and active internal commerce, but we shall
draw through our own ports and on our own Terri-
tories, as if it were a fertilizing river, the exchanges
of the woild.
The measure before us is less costly than any
one we have heretofore adopted for a similar ob-
ject. It calls for a smaller outlay than that by
which we acquired Louisiana or California. If
the whole expense were to fall on the Treasury, it
would consume but $2,500,000 in five years; but
the freights, passage money, and postages would,
in the beginning, yield $200,000, and ultimately
the mails would become a means of revenue.
We might perhaps wisely consent to delay the
enterprise, if our commerce were not already in
the Pacific ocean. It is there, and because it is
there we have found it necessary to send a naval
squadron there to secure it protection. National
mails are every where equivalent to armed force for
purposes of protection. Show rae a place in the
United States where the mails arrive and depart,
regularly, and frequently, and 1 will show you a
place where a soldier on duty is never seen. Show
me, on the other hand, a secluded region, where
the post never or seldom penetrates, and 1 will
show you the United States barracks and garrison.
It is just so at sea. You had no mail intercourse
with Japan, therefore you sent a squadron there
to prevent the sailors driven on shore in distress
from being exhibited in cages throughout the Em-
pire. You have no postal connections with Af-
rica, and therefore you maintain asquadron there
to protect your own seamen,and prevent the slave
trade.
I conclude with a practical illustration. Here
is a letter and here a newspaper, the one written,
the other printed, at Hong Kong, in China. They
brought us the first intelligence of Commodore
Periy's great treaty with Japan. They bear the
post-mark of Hong Kong, but for want of a national
mail they have reached us, not by conveyance
across the Pacific and in our own mails across Pan-
ama, but by taking their circuitous way through
India and the Isthmus of Suez, and over the Medi-
terranean sea, and then, after being stamped in the
post office*at London, they came to us over the
Atlantic ocean. California and Oregon, nearer
by two thousand miles to Hong Kong, and more
deeply interested than we, got the same news
nearly a month after it reached us—indebted for
it to the mail steamers between Ne.v York and
San Francisco.
British statesmen sometimes break the seals of
letters on a plea of political necessity. Are we,
who have conquered freedom from search on the
high seas, willing that our Asiatic correspondence
shall be subjected to the surveillance of the British
Government through the post office? I think not.
During the course of Mr. Seward's remarks,
Mr. ADAMS said. I rise to a point of order.
It is whether it is competent for any Senator pro-
posing to make a report to go on and make a reg-
ular argument in favor of that report before it is
presented to the Senate?
Mr. SEWARD. The report was made some
days ago, and the bill is now under consideration.
Mr. ADAMS. It seems to me that it has not
been taken up.
Mr. SEWARD. I think it wsg.taken up, and
it is now on its passage, I trust.
The PRESIDENT. A motion was made by
the Senator from California to proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill, but the motion was not put
to the Senate.
Mr. GW1H. Wo objection was made, and the
bill is before the Senate.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 understood the Senator from
California to give way to the Senator from New
York.
Mr. GWIN. No, sir; the bill is under con-
sideration.
Mr. ADAMS. I withdraw the point of order.
Mr. SEWARD continued his remarks. When
he had concluded,
The PRESIDENT said: The Chair will state
to the Senate that there is no proposition before
the body, unless it be the report which the Chair
understood the Senator from New York proposed
to make. j
Mr. GWIN. I made the motion to take up the
bill on which the Senator from New York has
made his remarks, and that motion was agreed !
to, as 1 understood.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair understood ;
the Senator from California to withdraw his mo- \
tion to enable the Senator from New York to make .
a report.
Mr. GWIN. The President is mistaken.
The PjtESIDENT. The question is, will the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No 411, which the Senator from California moves
to take up ? ;
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that motion will not i
be agreed to. We have a bill before us, making
an appropriation for carrying out the Mexican :
treaty, which has to be considered. j
Mr. GWIN. The steam mail ship bill was !
brought up, on my motion, before the ten million :
bill came from the House. I do not intend to in- j
terpose any objection to that bill; but the under- i
standing of the Senate was that the other bill was j
taken up, and the Senator from New York was i
making his speech upon it. j
Mr. HUNTER. The question is on taking up
the bill which the Senator from California refers
to, as I understand.
The PRESIDENT. That is the question.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 believe, if that is taken up,
it will lead to debate, because the Senate is divided
upon it. I therefore shall vote against taking
it up. 1 hope the Senate will not take it up, but
that the ten million bill will be taken up. There
is a pressing necessity for acting upon that bill, to
make the appropriation to carry out the treaty.
Mr. GWIN. We proceeded to the considera-
tion of the steam mail ship bill. The Senator from
New York, supposing it to be under considera-
tion, addressed the Senate upon it. I hope the
Senate will not inlerpose objection to it.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 understood the Chair to
decide that we have notproceeded to its considera-
tion; but that the question is whether we shall
do so?
Mr. GWIN. The universal understanding of
the Senate was, that it was under consideration.
The PRESIDENT. That was not the under-
standing of the Chair. The Chair understood the
Senator from California to withdraw his motion
to take up the bill.
On a division fourteen Senators voted in favor
of taking up the bill.
Mr. CASS. 1-think the question is not under-
stood.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state it
again, if desired.
Mr. BELL. Do I understand if this bill is
taken up, and it leads to debate, that it will be
permitted to go over?
Mr. GWIN. Certainly. I am perfectly willing
that the ten million bill should be acted upon to-
day; and if the consideration of this bill leads to
a long debate I shall be willing to let it go over.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 suggest to the Senator from
California to permit the ten million bill to be acted
on. After that I shall not object to taking up las
bill. Certainly the ten million bill ought to be
acted on first.
Mr. GWIN. If the bill which I have moved
to take up should lead to such discussion as to
consume the day, I should let it go over. I do
| not think it is right to put off a bill of more im-
portance to the country than that, in order to take
up a bill which will consume the whole^day. I
understand the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Shields]
intends to move an Executive session on the ten
million bill. We can dispose of this bill in an
hour at the utmost extremity. I am not going to
speak upon it. I hope the whole Senate under-
;i stands the question. The other bill is going to
' lead to along discussion, and will probably con-
I sume the day. We have had a speech on this
i bill. We want a reply to it i hope it will be
taken up and disposed of It certainly was the
j understanding of the Senate that it was before the
body; but as the Chair has decided otherwise, I
■ hope it will be taken up and disposed of.
! Mr. HUNTER. I hope there will be no de-
: bate on the ten million bill 1 am not aware that
1 there will be any. 1 think we can act on it to-
I daftfr. SHIELDS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. The ten million bill is not
under consideration. The Chair will suggest that
the question before the Senate is on the motion of
the Senator from California, that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 411.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 will inquire of the Chair
what is'the special order of the day ?
The PRESIDENT. The special order is the
bill vetoed by the President of the United States.
Mr. BRIGHT. It has been before the Senate
for about four weeks undisposed of.
The PRESIDENT. It comes up at one o'clock,
in its order.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am as anxious as any Sen-
ator to accommodate my friend from California;
but I am unwilling to take up any bill in advance
of the one returned by the President with his ob-
jections. I think we should dispose of that subject,
and after that is done, I shall give what influence
1 have to take up the bill known as tbe homestead
bill. I shall not give preference to any measure
that may be introduced here until the veto message
is disposed of, and after that the homestead bill;
unless there be a pressing necessity for taking up
the ten million bill. If there is a pressing neces-
sity for that, I am willing to give way for the pur-
pose of taking it up now. I am anxious to go
with the Senator from California on his proposi-
tion about which I know he feels deeply anxious.*
But I cannot consent that that measure, important
as it is, which will lead to a lengthy debate without
doubt, shall be taken up until the measures which
I have indicated are disposed of.
Mr. HUNTER. The ten million bill must bs
acted upon to-day. I think this is the last of
June, %hen the treaty provides that the ratifica-
tions shall be exchanged. This is, therefore, the
last day on which the ratifications can be ex-
changed.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to dispense with all
prior orders,forthe purposeof taking up that bill.
The PRESIDENT. Another motion being
pending, that is not in order.
Mr. BRIGHT. I shall make it when it is in
order.
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not understand that to-
day is the last day of June.
Several Senators. To-morrow is.
Mr. HUNTER. I thought it was; but to-
morrow is. To-morrow is private bill day, when
a single objection will prevent the consideration
of the bill
Mr. SHIELDS. I would state to the honor-
able Senator from Virginia that I shall ask for an
Executive session before any action be had upon
the ten million bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that that Executive
session will not take long. 1 understand the ob-
ject, I believe.
Mr. SHIELDS. Certainly it will not take
long, so far as 1 am concerned. I never occupy
the attention of the Senate, on anything, unless I
have some views to express upon the question,
and then I occupy no further time than is neces-
sary.
The question being taken, Mr. Gwijj's motion
was not agreed to. t
FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a memorial from cit-
izens of Pepperell, a county town of Massachu-
setts, the town which was honored by being the
home of Prescott, who commanded at Bunker
Hill. This memorial prays for the repeal of the
fugitive slave act, stating that the remonstrants
have no fatth in pastor future compromises, such
measures having no binding effect on politicians
of the present day; and that the said law is an
insult to humanity and destructive of the cardinal
principles of liberty. The remonstrance is for-
warded to me by the gentleman who heads it, and
who in his letter states to me that he is a Hunker
Depiociat of the olden time. I present it, and ask
its reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT. It will be so referred un-
less objected to.
Mr. ADAMS. It being disrespectful, I move
that it he upon the table.
Mr. SUMNER. On that motion 1 call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SH! ELDS. Mr. President—
The PRESIDENT. The motion is not a de-
batable one.
