1568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 withdraw the motion, to get
rid of the subject.
The memorial was then referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
EXECUTIVE SESSION GADSDEN TREATY.
Mr. SHIELDS. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness. I do that for the purpose of getting at the
ten million bill.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 believe we can get at it
sooner in that way. I hope, therefore, the Senate
will agree to the moticm.
Mr, CASS. Before we do so, I suggest that
the ten million bill be read a first and second
time.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would state to the honor-
able Senator that my object in making the motion
is to get at the bill.
Mr.CASS. The bill has to be read three times,
and one Senator may object to its being read more
than once on the same day. I hope it will be
read now. 
Several Senators. This is not a question for
debate.
Mr. Shields's motion was agreed to.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of Executive business; and, after some
^ time spent therein, the doors were reopened.
BRITISH-AMERICAN RECIPROCITY.
Mr. CLAYTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if compatible
with the public interest, to communicate to the Senate
alJ correspondence between the Department ofSstate and
the British Minister resident near this Government, in the
years 1849 and I860, relative to the reciprocal interchange
of the productions, of the United States and the British
North American Possessions, the fisheries, and the (ree
navigation of the Sc. Lawrence and Ridout canals.
THE GADSDEN TREATY.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
enable the President of the United States to fulfill
the third article of the treaty between the United
States and Mexico, ratified on the 30th of Decem-
ber, 1853, as amended by the Senate of the United
States, was read a first and second time by unan-
imous consent, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
It proposes to appropriate $10,000,000 for the
purpose specified, $7,000,000 to be paid on the
exchange of the ratification of the treaty, and the
remaining §3,000,000 as soon as the boundary line
shall be marked, surveyed, and established.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate without amendment, and
ordered to a third reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, " Shall the bill pass ?"
Mr. SEWARD, On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 34, navs 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Alien, Atchison, Badger, Bay-
ard, Bright, Urodheadj Brown, Cass, Clay, Clayton,
Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Evans, Fish, Fitzpatrick, Geyer,
Gvvin, Houston, Hunter, James, Johnson, Jones of Iowa,
Jones of Tennessee, iV&llory, Mason, Norris, Pettit, Rusk,
Sehitsiian, Shdell, Touecy, Weller, and Williams—34.
NAYS—VJe-srs. Chase, Feasenden, Gillette, Seward,
Sumner, and Wade—6.
So the bill was passed.
MAIL LINE BETWEEN SAN FRANCISCO AND
SHANGHAI.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I ask the Senate
now to take up the bill which was put aside this
morning for the purpose of acting on the bill
which has just been disposed of. I move to take
up the bill " to establish a line of steam mail ships
between San Piancisco, in California, and Shang-
hai, in China, touching at the Sandwich Islands
and Japan." I hope the bill will be disposed of.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope we shall proceed
to the consideration of the order of the day, which
is the bill for the relief of the indigent insane,
which was vetoed by the President of* the United
States.
Mr. GWIN. The bill which I propose to call
up, was put aside this morning for the purpose of
taking up the bill which has just been passed. I
move that vxe proceed to the consideration of the
bill which I have named.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Postmaster General to
enter into a contract for a term not exceeding*five
years, for a sum not exceeding §500,000, with
such person or persons, being the lowest bidders,
offering sufficient and satisfactory security, after
due public notice, for the transportation of the Uni-
ted States mails, upon the best terms for the
United States, monthly, from San Francisco, via
the Sandwich Islands ami Japan, in case any port
in that empire shall be opened to the United
States, to Shanghai, in China, and back,in steam
vessels of not less than two thousand tons bur-
den, of the best form of construction adapted to
the navigation of the Pacific ocean; the same to
be ready as early as practicable, and any excess
of the moneys so to be paid over the amount of
postages collected, is to be paid out of the Treas-
ury of the United States.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I rose this
morning when that question came up before, upon
the understanding that the bill was then under the
consideration of the Senate, and I addressed the
Senate upon it. It turned out, however, that, by
some misunderstanding, the question was not be-
fore the Senate. Nevertheless, I concluded what
I had to say upon the subject, and therefore I leave
it in the hands of the Senate.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, being a mem-
ber of the committee who reported this bill, and
differing, as I do, from the committee in opinion,
I would, under different circumstances, state at
some length my objections to the bill. As it is
desirable, however, that a vote should be taken
this evening, I will not consume the time of the
Senate in discussing it. I now wish to say that
I am differently circumstanced from the champion
of this bill—I mean the gentleman who addressed
the Senate to-day on the subject—the Senator who
reported the bill, [Mr Seward.] He was the
leader and the champion for the additional com-
pensation to the Collins line of steamers, and
now he quotes that as a precedent for the passage
of this bill. First, he voted for that proposition,
and then he quotes that as authority, i voted
against that proposition on the same grounds that
I shall vote against this.
I have an additional reason, sir. We have no
direct mail from Mobile, a point of large com-
merce to a large portion of the State in which I
iive, or, at least, no more than a horse mail, once
a week. Yet at that point there is a very large
commerce, both of exports and imports. The
embarrassments of the Post Office Department are
so very great, that we cannot have a tri-weekly
mail there, although there is a railroad extending
one hundred miles of the distance. Senators can
vote $500,000 now for a mail line between San
Francisco and Shanghai, but the people I have the
honor to represent are suffering from the want of
mail facilities. This being so, by voting for this
proposition, I should be doing what I consider to
be improper.
In addition to this, I believe that the commerce
of the country ought to justify the establish-
ment of the line of steamers without the aid of
the Federal Government, to the amount of half a
million a year, to establish that commerce. It is
an invidious distinction in fuvor of large commer-
cial cities, to the detriment of the inland towns.
I shall ask for the yeas and nays on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I presume
that, upon a subject of this kind, involving great
principles and the appropriation of a large amount
of money, every Senator must have come to a
definite conclusion. Probably nothing which I
may say can change a single vote. I will not
embarrass, by any lengthy remarks, the passage
of the bill, for I told my friend from California
that I would throw no obstacles in the way of
taking it up. I must say, however, that in many
parts of my own State, and some in which the
Government is very much interested indeed, we
have mail facilities but twenty times a year. In
others we have a tri-weekly mail; in others a
semi-weekly, and in others again a weekly mail;
and the utmost efforts of the delegation from the
State of Florida, with the Post Office Department,
have been impossible to improve the condition of
things arising out of the embarrassment, and yet
here is a proposition to appropriate $500,000 a
year for foreign mail facilities, upon reasons in-
sufficient, as far as I have heard them. I simply
content myself with making these remarks.
Mr. RUSK. By the reading of the bill it will
be seen, that of the $500,(M), the excess over and
abjure what is received friflHhe actual postages,
islo be paid out of the Treasury of the United
States. It does not come as a charge upon the
Post Office Department stall; so that the argu-
ment drawn from any want of mail facilities inside
of the United States, has no sort of effect upon
the bill. It is unnecessary to go into a discussion
of the measure; it is vastly important. We have
already incurred an expenditure of more than that
sum for the purpose of opening Japan to the trade
of the United States. This proposes to carry that
out. Itis a matter all-important, in my judgment,
to the commerce of the Pacific ocean." It is so
regarded all over the commercial world. It is very
important to us that we should keep postal facili-
ties, and I see no better manner of doing so than
by the establishment of a line of mail steam-
ers.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not propose to discuss
this matter at length; but having been a member
of the committee which reported the bill, I desire
to state in a very few words the reasons which
brought me to a conclusion favorable to it. The
Senator from Texas has already stated to the
Senate that it imposes no burdens upon the Post
Office Department if there shall be a deficit for the
service. It therefore proposes no diminution of
mail service in the limits of the United States. I
have voted, myself, I think, in no case, with per-
haps but one exception, for any of the mail steam-
ers which are in existence; but regarding this as
opening a commercial intercourse which will per-
haps be more beneficial to the United States than
any other measure presented to us for our consid-
eration—not only to the Pacific, but to the Atlan-
tic States—I could not withhold from it a favor-
able vote. The amount thus appropriated is
limited; and I cannot doubt that within a very
short period of time the receipts of the service
will fully discharge the expense. But even if it
be not so, task Senators if they are not willing
to open commercial relations with that country,
with India, with Japan, and with the islands of
the Pacific? If they are not willing to appropriate
even the small sum incidental for postal arrange-
ments which shall produce these results ? These
are the reasons which mainly controlled me; and
I have deemed them sufficient to lead me to give
the bill my support. For these reasons, I shall
give it my cordial support now. I will also add that
the contract is to be given to the lowest bidder.
Mr. GWIN. I merely wish to say that the
Pacific railroad, and a telegraphic line between the
Atlantic and Pacificare of more importance to the
State which I represent than all the questions that
will be brought before the Congress of the United
States for a thousand years; I therefore look upon
it as vital to the interests of that country that it
should pass.
Mr. MASON. I think the original policy of
our Government was to make the Post Office sus-
tain itself; and I am not aware that, until very
recently, the Government has thought it necessary
to impose a tax upon the people for the purpose
of carrying the mails, either at home or abroad;
but, somehow or other, the legislative department
of the Government, at least, has become more
inclined to make these mail arrangements for our
foreign correspondence at the cost of the Treasury,
when it would not give mail facilities to the people
at home by an appropriation from the Treasury.
The honorabL|Senatorfrom Florida has given the
experience ofriis State, and I doubt not the ex-
perience of the Senator from Texas would be
greater. There are many parts of Texas where
our people are, where they cannot hear from the
Atlantic States—from home—where they cannot
conduct their business for the want of mail facili-
ties; and he would be a bold man who would ask
for an appropriation from the Treasury to cany
on a mail communication at home. I was one of
those who thought it wise on the part of this Gov-
ernment to send an expedition to Japan, for open-
ing a new avenue of commerce, but I certainly
never dreamed that the consequence of it would
be that we should be asked for an appropriation
from the Treasury of $500,000 a year to promote
a correspondence, either with Japan or China. I
do not know what may be the pleasure of the
Senate, but I should be very desirous to record my
