
OCTOBER 1, 1862.- Reconnaissance from Sharpsburg, Md., to Shepherdstown and Martinsburg, W. Va., and skirmishes en route.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Major General George B. McClellan, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 2.- Brigadier General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division.

Numbers 3.- General Rober E. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

Numbers 4.- Brigadier General Wade Hampton, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General George B. McClellan, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS,Sharpsburg, Md., October 2, 1862-12 noon.

(Received 2.10 p. m.)

A cavalry reconnaissance in force was made yesterday to Martinsburg. Stuart is said to have been in waiting for this, with several regiments of cavalry. The rebel cavalry resisted the advance of our forces from the time they left Shepherdstown until they arrive at Martinsburg, using artillery continually. Our troops drove them upon every occasion, and, it is supposed, inflicted a severe punishment upon them, taking several prisoners. The people of Martinsburg expressed great has been obtained, Jackson, the two Hills, and Ewell, with their forces, are now in the vicinity of Bunker Hill. General Summer sent a brigade to Leesburg yesterday, for the purpose of attacking a rebel force, supposed to be there. No report has yet been received of their arrival.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Camp Knoxville, Md., October 14, 1862.

GENERAL: The following official report of General Rober E. Lee has been published in the Richmond papers, in reference to an affair I had with the enemy's cavalry at Martinsburg and in that vicinity, on the me to submit the facts, as they occurred, for your information, with the request that the same publicity be given my statement that General Lee's has received:

* * * * *

I cross the Potomac River on the morning of the 1st instant, with 700 men, consisting of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry, three squadrons from each of the Eighth	Pennsylvania and Third Indiana Cavalry, and Pennington's battery of artillery. I drove the enemy's pickets out of

---------------

*See Numbers 3, p. 12

---------------

