
2 officers and 20 men (Appendix B.). Of These Jacob H. Robertson was so badly wounded that I paroled him.

This cavalry organization was notorious for its numerous depredations on the property of Union people in Loudoun Country, and lately for conscripting for the rebel army.

Our cavalry exhibited much bravery in their charge, and throughout conducted themselves admirably. Colonel Devin, their commander, Lieutenant-Colonel Mc Vicar, and Major Carwardine, are deserving of much approbation for their display of gallantry and ability. In the charge Lieutenant-Colonel McVicar, who led it, had his horse shot under him, and received a bullet through his coat. The infantry and artillery evinced, upon the long march of 35 miles, a highly commendable spirit of alacrity, and great desire to be brought into action.

The rebel captain and some of his men were clothed in our uniform,

a growing practice, so reprehensible that it should meet with condign punishment, as the deception engendered is always apt to cost lives and disasters. The column marched to Lovettsville and encamped for the night, and, resuming the journey, the expedition reached Loudoun Heights shortly after noon to-day.

Upon the march we arrested a number of citizens, who had United States military property in their possession, taken at Harper's Ferry. I have turned over the prisoners of war to the provost-marshal at Harper's Ferry, the horses to Major-General Burnside, and the arms and accouterments taken to the ordnance officer of the division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twelfth Army Corps.

OCTOBER 24, 1862.-Skirmishes at Manassas Junction and near Bristoe Station, Va.

Reports of Major General Franz Sigel, U. S. Army, commanding Eleventh Army Corps.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Fairfax Court-House, October 25, 1862.

No news from Leesburg yet. Cavalry detachment from Aldie reports a small rebel party of 8 in that town on Thursday. They saw a bright light last night in the direction of Leesburg at 8.45 p. m., for three minutes, when it was extinguished. A party from Gainesville and [New.] Baltimore, Hay Market and Thoroughfare Gap, under Major Stedman, of the Sixth Ohio Cavalry, returned this morning, and reports a force of 100 men at New Baltimore. The party proceeded through the gap, and was fired upon on their return by guerrillas, wounding 2 of our men severely order to Front Royal. A reconnaissance was sent out day before yesterday, under Captain Conger, Third Virginia Cavalry, by way of Davis' Ford, to Dumfries, Stafford Springs, and Warrenton Junction, with orders to return, by way of Catlett's Station and Bristoe Station, to Manassas Junction, where a detachment of the First Vermont Cavalry, under

