
Numbers 9.-Lieutenant Colonel James S. Fillebrown, Tenth Maine Infantry, of affair near Snickersville.

Numbers 10.-General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, of action at Corbin's Cross-Roads, near Amissville.

Numbers 11.-Major General J. E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army, commanding cavalry, of operations October 30-November 6.

Numbers 12.-Lieutenant Colonel J. B. Gordon, First North Carolina Cavalry, of action at Barbee's Cross-Roads.

Numbers 13.-Major Elijah V. White, Virginia cavalry Battalion, of skirmish at Philomont.

Numbers 14.-Colonel Thomas L. Rosser, Fifth Virginia Cavalry, commanding Lee's brigade, of action at Corbin's Cross-Roads, near Amissville.

Numbers 1.

Report of Major General George B. McClellan, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Potomac, of action at Barbee's Cross-Roads and skirmish at Manassas Gap.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Rectortown, November 5-11.20 p. m.,

Via Gainesville, Va., November 6, 1862-7 a. m.

I have the honor to report that the last corps of this army (General Franklin's) finished crossing the Potomac at Berlin on Monday, the 3rd instant. Upon the preceding day Snicker's Gap had been occupied by General Couch's corps without serious opposition. This corps was relieved the same day by General Porter's corps, which still occupies the gap. Yesterday General Couch's corps took possession of Ashby's Gap, and now hold it. The enemy appears in some force opposite Snicker's Gap. He abandoned his position in front of Ashby's Gap last night, and is reported to have gone in the direction of Front Royal. General Burnside's command is posted between Piedmont and Salem. General Reynolds is on his left and rear. General Franklin is east of Upperville, on the Aldie and Ashby's Gap turnpike. General Pleasonton, with his brigade of cavalry, has for several days past been skirmishing constantly with the enemy's cavalry, supported at times by infantry, at Upperville and vicinity. About 12 m. to-day he met and attacked General Stuart's command, of about 3,000 rebel cavalry and four pieces of artillery, at Barbee's. Colonel Gregg, Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, with that regiment and the Sixth Regular Cavalry, moved on the right of the enemy, and turned his position. Colonel Davis, Eighth New York Cavalry, with his regiment attacked the enemy's left, and Colonel Farnsworth, with the Eighth Illinois Cavalry, moved against the center. Pennington's battery in the mean time engaged him by sections. A largely superior force charged Colonel Davis' Eighth New York Cavalry, but were gallantly met and repulsed. A section of artillery then opened upon the fugitives. The enemy left 10 dead upon the field, and lost 20 prisoners. We took a number of carbines and pistols. Our loss was 5 killed (General Pleasonton's command numbered about 1,500 present on the field) and 8 wounded. In the engagement Colonel Davis, Eighth New York Cavalry, had his horse killed under him. General Averell encountered a force of the enemy this morning at the mouth of Manassas Gap, and drove them back into the pass, where they took up a position, supported by artillery. General Averell, being without support, could not pursue them farther into the mountains. He has now gone to join Pleasonton at Sandy Hook, near

