
Chester's Gap. A brigade of Burnside's corps relieved his command at mouth of Manassas Gap. General Bayard with his cavalry is in front of Salem. I am in communication with General Sigel.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States.

Numbers 2.

Reports of Brigadier General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Lovettsville, Va., October 26, 1862 - 11 a. m.

GENERAL: My command, with the exception of the Eighth New York, which has not joined me, has arrived at this place, and I am passing through to a camp 3 or 4 miles in advance. Everything appears quiet about here. The rebels have had scattering parties of horse-thieves through this vicinity in the last few days.

Unless I receive further orders, I shall start in the morning for Purcellville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

MORRISONVILLE, October 27, 1862 - 7 a. m.

GENERAL: My command stopped in front of this place last night, on the Purcellville road. My advance was 2 1/2 miles farther on, and a scouting party proceeded as far as Purcellville, but did not meet or hear of any rebels in that vicinity.

Day before yesterday, a foraging party of one regiment of infantry, one of cavalry, and a section of artillery came within 2 miles of this place, and took away a train of forage and grain from the farm of a General Wright, a noted secessionist.

In this valley, up as far as Middleburg, there is and abundance of hay and forage. The foraging party of day before yesterday went out by Snickersville Gap. There are a good many Union people in this county (Loudoun), and some organization of them would be advantageous to protect themselves from rebel guerrillas, as well as rascals of our own, who are prowling over the country; besides, it would enable them to restrain their secesh neighbors, who appear to be very violent at times. Have found an excellent map of Loudoun County, by Yardley Taylor. It has the name of every man's residence in the county and all the roads properly marked. It would be well to have this map photographed if you have not one equally as good. Last night was very hard on my men and horses. I shall proceed to Purcellville to-day and scout in that vicinity, and await further orders.

