
Please inform me if the general desires other action in these cases. It is the only efficient check I have at this time.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

General R. B. MARCY.

PURCELLVILLE, October 29, 1862 - 9 a. m.

My pickets report the rebels were making signals throughout the night from the mountain, near Snickersville Gap.

Yesterday, below Aldie, the women on Fairfax place threw stones at my command, and waved a secesh flag. This was a little too much, so the officer made them give up the flag, much to their disgust.

This side of Union a rebel foraging party of one regiment of infantry and one of cavalry was turned back, making up this way.

I hear this morning there is another brigade with Walker's, near Upperville.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

General MARCY.

P. S. - An officer from picket has just come in to report that a Union Quaker, who escaped yesterday from the rebels, told him he saw Longstreet at Upperville, day before yesterday; that he had 18,000 men, and that his soldiers said they were going to Manassas.

PURCELLVILLE, October 29, 1862 - 1 p. m.

A negro boy has just come in, who has run away, his master being about to send him off to the rebel army. This boy was at Winchester last Thursday. Says the soldiers talked about falling back toward the Rappahannock. Heard his young master say there would be a move of the rebel army soon. The soldiers had a hard time at Winchester; did not get anything to eat sometimes for several days; getting tired of the war. Soldiers said that General Lee would not exchange any more Loudoun County soldiers, they were so worthless. Shall send him to headquarters. My pickets captured a spy this morning, who, if guilty, ought to be shot, for this is the only way to make these people behave themselves.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General,&c.

General R. B. MARCY.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Purcellville, October 29, 1862 - 2.15 p. m.

My pickets, on the Catoctin Mountain, saw the rebel camp-fires at Middleburg last night. They were about 1 mile long. A Quaker (Union) told them this morning there was about 12,000 infantry and cavalry at Middleburg. The fires were put out in a short time.

A negro who came through Snickersville Gap on Monday, when my advance was driven back, says it was well we did not try to go on, as they had canon all the way up the gap, and were bringing more, under the impression our army intended to cross at that point. The force

