
views in advance, viz: It would be unsafe to leave Snicker's Gap occupied by the enemy, to proceed south. Whatever he may decide upon I shall use my best efforts to render successful.

I would, however, be doing myself an injustice, general, in not expressing to you my mortification at receiving your instructions placing me under the orders of an officer so much my junior in the army and in the service, and who does not belong to the Army of the Potomac. While in that army I am the senior officer, serving with the cavalry.

My personal relations with General Bayard are most friendly, and I shall not mortify him by exposing my own.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

General R. B. MARCY.

PURCELLVILLE, October 31, 1862 - 7.30 a. m.

Your dispatch of 8 p. m. received. * I sent you word by signal last night that my aide found General Bayard 20 miles from here, beyond Aldie; that General Bayard concurred in my views, viz, that it would not be safe to move on and leave Snickersville in the enemy's possession; that he had appointed an interview for 9 o'clock this morning at Philomont, to plan an attack on Snickersville. This was rendered unnecessary by your dispatch of 10.45 p. m., * desiring no attack to be made until more troops are on this side of the Potomac.

This last request I have sent to General Bayard, for his information. I have given him all the knowledge I possess concerning the enemy. He sent me word that the rebels day before yesterday had sent 1,000 cavalry from Warrenton to Ashby's Gap, but that they went off from there yesterday.

As soon as any infantry comes up, I shall send toward Ashby, and see what force they have there.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General R. B. MARCY.

PURCELLVILLE, October 31, 1862 - 12 m.

GENERAL: My aide has just returned from Philomont, where he saw General Bayard, who informed him he was about to move his headquarters back from Aldie 12 miles, to a place called Shylock, on the same pike; his advance pickets will be at Aldie; Stoneman's, from Leesburg, will be where the aldie and Snickersville pike crosses Goose Creek; mine will be at Philomont. This covers the entire line across to the Catoctin range. General Bayard sent over the Richmond Dispatch of the 25th of October. I have sent it to you by Captain Custer. General Bayard wishes to have the paper returned when you have finished with it. Shall keep in communication wi Bayard, that our movements may conform to each other.

There are two roads up the Blue Ridge to the right and left of Snicker's Gap, about 5 miles from the gap on either side. They will require some work for artillery. For 2 1/2 miles on the top of the mountain north of the gap there is a good road. The roads on the west side are much

* Not found.

