
(Stoneman's) beyond this place; some say a squadron, but I doubt that number. Could not that regiment be sent to me? They are only covering the ground I now go over, and are in my way.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

General MARCY.

P. S. - My scouts have gone to Union and Bloomfield. This position at Philomont is a very good one.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Union, November 2, 1862 - 2 p. m.

GENERAL: Pennington's battery is getting out of ammunition. He wants 300 Schenkl percussion and 300 Schenkl combination fuse, to be obtained from Colonel Hays' reserve artillery park. Please have this forwarded at once.

Stuart has about 4,000 cavalry and five guns, so a Union man here tells me. Averell has passed Philomont and is coming up.

Colonel Davis captured 3 prisoners this morning, and thinks he has had 2 men badly wounded. I am pushing the enemy on the Upperville road.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,One mile beyond Union, November 2, 1862 - 3.30 p. m.

GENERAL: Please direct that Pennington's battery be furnished with 1,200 rounds of ammunition as soon as possible. He is nearly out. Stuart brought up a fresh battery this afternoon, and we had considerable firing before he drew off. The caisson that exploded was full of ammunition, and they were compelled to leave the hind part of the caisson on the field. I have had 2 men killed and 2 wounded, and 4 or 5 horses knocked over. Union is deserted almost of its people. One old fellow told us he was Union, but that if we administered the oath of allegiance to him it must be done very quietly. He said Stuart had 4,000 cavalry, but I think he saw double. We have taken at least 10 of Stuart's wounded he has left behind.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

General R. B. MARCY.

P. S. - I shall camp near here to await Pennington's ammunition. Please hurry it up. I expect Averell to join me soon.

[UNION, VA.], November 2, 1862 - 8 p. m.

A citizen of Sandy Hook has just informed me that Longstreet's corps passed here on Thursday last, and that he (himself) was at Front Royal

8 R R-VOL XIX, PT II

