
yesterday, and saw Hill's corps there (did not know which Hill), and that this corps was to pass Chester Gap to-day, but did not come through; that he had heard they had gone to Smoketown. He says there are some infantry and four guns in the gap. Did not know of any more troops in this vicinity. I shall look out for them to-morrow.

A. PLEASONTON,

[Brigadier-General.]

[General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.]

NOVEMBER 2, 1862 - 11.45 p. m.

GENERAL: Your dispatch of to-day received. I send my aide for orders to-morrow. I hope you have received all my dispatches of today. In addition, I have to report that I sent seven companies of the Eighth Pennsylvania to Bloomfield to-day, and captured three rebel cavalry horses, carbines, pistols, and sabers complete, and recaptured Major O'Neill, of General Meagher's staff, before he had been paroled. Everything quiet in front to-night. There were no rebels left in the vicinity of Bloomfield, and my pickets extend in that direction.

We are 3 miles from Upperville at my present position, and several reports agree in placing Hill (D. H.) in command there in force.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY.

THREE MILES FROM UPPERVILLE,

November 3, 1862 - 10 a. m.

DEAR GENERAL: Please forward re-enforcements to this point as soon as you can. I hear the rebels intend passing through Ashby's Gap. Hill (D. H.) is now at Upperville, and was on the field here yesterday; he sent for re-enforcements, but they arrived too late.

This position it is very desirable for us to hold, and my force is not able to do it, in the face of an attack from a strong force.

Very truly, yours,

A. PLEASONTON.

General WILLCOX,

Commanding Corps, Philomont.

UPPERVILLE, [VA.], November 3, 1862 - 9 p. m.

GENERAL: General Averell reports his arrival at Piedmont at 6.30 p. m., and says no enemy nor anybody else there. A cavalry force passed through an hour and a half ahead of him. The enemy's abandoned campfires could be seen for 2 or 3 miles back. He is sending in some prisoners, and reports the railroad in good order as far as he could see.

I have directed General Averell to send a scout toward Manassas Gap in the morning, and shall support him with my command as soon as possible, unless otherwise ordered by you.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

General MARCY.

