
cavalry off it, and one of my squadrons of the Fifth Cavalry (Averell's brigade), in charging them, had Lieutenant Ash badly wounded, with several of his men. I have re-enforced the party by a couple of regiments, under Colonel Farnsworth. Not finding a good country or camp in this vicinity, I shall return to the neighborhood of Amissville, and expect to receive further orders from General Burnside, to whom please send this dispatch. Hill's and Jackson's corps are still on the other side of the mountains. If the general desires their communication with Culpeper to be cut off, it will require a force of infantry to do it, to hold this place and Woodville.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General O. B. WILLCOX,

Commanding Ninth Army Corps.

P. S. - We have captured a number of prisoners.

AT CORBIN'S, ONE MILE BEYOND AMISSVILLE,

November 8, 1862 - 6.30 p. m.

GENERAL: In the skirmish today in front of Little Washington the Fifth Cavalry had 1 officer and 6 men wounded, and took 6 wounded rebels prisoners. Afterward the rebels were driven from the town, and they retreated to Sperryville. A squadron of the Sixth Cavalry captured a rebel wagon and some dozen horses from their cavalry, besides 1 officer and 1 man prisoners from Fifth Virginia Cavalry. On the road to Newby's Cross-Roads we paroled, or took prisoners, I should say, 1 cavalryman and 1 infantry, of Hood's brigade (Texas). I suppose we have taken 15 or 20 prisoners. I hear the bridge across the stream between this and Culpeper has been destroyed. I marched 15 miles to-day, and accomplished all the general required. The enemy are not now passing down by any roads between this and Thornton's Gap to Culpeper. Two of their corps are still on the other side of the Blue Ridge. Please send this to General Burnside, and ask him for me if he has any further instructions.

Yours,

A. PLEASONTON.

General O. B. WILLCOX.

CORBIN'S CROSS-ROADS, ONE MILE BEYOND AMISSVILLE,

November 9, 1862 - 10 a. m.

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 11 p. m. * is received, and its instructions attended to.

My dispositions are as follows: One squadron at Barbee's Cross-Roads; one squadron at Gaines' Cross-Roads, which is at the crossing of the Amissville and Little Washington pike with the Chester Gap and Culpeper pike; one squadron at Newby's Cross-Roads; one squadron on the road leading from this place to Culpeper, which, with the three regiments of infantry at Jefferson, will cover this front.

Last night one of my squadrons (Eighth New York) pushed as far as Flint Hill, paroled a number of wounded rebels, and recaptured two of

* Not found.

