
Among the officers of my command who had opportunities for distinction and availed themselves of them, were Major Medill, Captains Clark, Farnswoth, and Forsyth, of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry, and First Lieutenant Pennington, of the Second Artillery, commanding the horse battery.

I am, general, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 3. Report of General robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Northern Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

October 2, 1862.

GENERAL: The enemy's cavalry, under General Pleasonton, with six pieces of artillery drove back our pickets yesterday in front of Shepherdstown. The Ninth Virginia Cavalry, which was on picket repulsed the enemy several times, by vigorous charges, disputing the ground, step by step, back to the main body. By the time his artillery reached him, Colonel W. H. F. Lee, who was in command of the brigade, was obliged to place it on the west bank of the Opequon, on the flank of the enemy as he approached Martinsburg. General Hampton's brigade had retired through Martinsburg on the tuscarora road, when General Stuart arrived and made dispositions to attack.* Lee's brigade was advanced immediately and Hampton's ordered forward. The enemy retired, at the approach of Lee, along the Shepherdstown road, and was driven across the Potomac by the cavalry, with severe loss, and darkness alone prevented it from being a signal victory. His rear was overtaken and put to flight, our cavalry charging in gallant style under a severe fire of artillery, routing squadron after squadron, killing a number, wounding more, and capturing several. He was driven through Shepherdstown and crossed the river, after dark, in no case standing a hand-to hand conflict, but relying upon his artillery and carbines at long range for protection. I regret that we lost one lieutenant and several privates.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. A., Richmond, Va.

Numbers 4. Report of Brigadier General Wade Hampton, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS HAMPTON'S BRIGADE,October 21, 1862.

GENERAL: The inclosed report of General R. E. Lee, in reference to the late advance of the enemy on Martinsburg, has just ment my eye, and

---------------

*See Hampton's report, following.

---------------

