
my men, taken, wounded, at Barbee's the other day. Saw no enemy in that vicinity. General Hampton sent for my men, and questioned them very closely, but obtained nothing from them. One of them, a very intelligent man, says General Hampton and his officers appeared very much puzzled to know where our forces were, and asked him where Generals McClellan and Burnside were. Some of the officers thought they were back, but General Hampton thought they must be in the valley. He heard General Hampton give an order to stop some infantry that was going through Chester Gap, on the mountains.

Yesterday a man from one of the Texas regiments at Culpeper came in and gave himself up. He had shot a man, and the rebels were about to hang him. He left Culpeper three days ago. The rebels passed through Chester Gap to Culpeper, and Jackson was to cross the mountains 25 miles below that point. Thinks D. H. Hill, as well as Longstreet, is at Culpeper. There were large quantities of corn at Culpeper; saw about 500 barrels in one pile. General Lee was at Culpeper three days ago. There was a camp rumor at Culpeper that Lee was toling us down the valley, and that Jackson was to push through the mountains below, and take in flank, and use us up. A squadron of the Sixth Cavalry pushed toward Culpeper from here last night, 3 miles inside of the enemy's lines, and captured a captain of the Fourth Virginia Regiment of Cavalry and a picket of 5 soldiers; also a four-horse wagon and team, out for forage. This was 10 miles from Culpeper.

The rebels acknowledge themselves badly whipped at Barbee's, and would not believe it when we told them we had no infantry.

The Fifth Cavalry (Averell's brigade) lost, in wounded, yesterday 3 non-commissioned officers and 5 privates, and First, Lieutenant J. P. Ash, seriously wounded. Lieutenant Ash showed great daring, but the results of his charge did not compensate for his loss.

I forgot to mention my command captured a number of beef cattle from the enemy yesterday, and had fresh beef last night as far as it went. I send this by Lieutenant Tucker, the officer going to Gainesville for supplies. Present my kind thanks to the major-general commanding for his congratulations to my command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major-General PARKE,

Chief of Staff.

CORBIN'S CROSS-ROADS,

November 9, 1862 - 11.30 a. m.

GENERAL: As some indication of the forces at Culpeper, I will mention I have prisoners from the following rebel regiments, viz: Fourth Virginia Cavalry, Eighth Virginia Cavalry [Infantry], First Georgia Cavalry [Phillips' Legion], Twenty-eighth Virginia Infantry, Eighteenth Virginia Infantry, Eighth Louisiana Infantry, Fifth Texas Infantry. General George E. Pickett has three brigades 2 miles this side of Culpeper; Hewitt's [Ewell's] division is also there, and Cobb's Legion.

I have parties out, of which it will not do to mention, getting information. I have also three squadrons out, in detachments, on the same service. I wish the general could send me two or three suits of ordinary citizens' clothing, about army size Numbers 4. I can use them to great advantage. Also some secret service money at times can be useful. This should be gold, as our money is not acceptable, but suspicious.

