
I learn that Joe Johnston, and Shanks [N. G.] Evans, and George E. Pickett are at Culpeper. Stuart is in front of me, at Hazel River, on the other side. There has been some picket firing, but I shall not disturb him until the general is ready to"let slip the dogs of war."

Jackson has no cavalry except some few for scouts. Leave a strong force to face Jackson, covering Warrenton and its junction with a corps of observation at Barbee's; push your forces down on Culpeper vigorously, inclining to the right, to take in Woodville and Madison. Give us ten days more good weather, and wind up the campaign in a blaze of glory.

Stuart told a lady that our rapid advance, was due to desperation;that we were forced to it, and that on reaching the Rappahannock we would get the soundest thrashing we have ever had. Nous verrons. Please let me know if you received my dispatch of 2.30 p. m. yesterday.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General

Major-General PARKE.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Corbin's Cross-Roads, November 10, 1862 - 1.15 p. m.

GENERAL: The enemy advanced on me this morning, with infantry, artillery, and cavalry. They drove my pickets some 3 miles. I think it would be well to forward a division to Amissville, to support us. General Sturgis has most kindly given me every assistance, and has now three regiments engaged. It is reported that Longstreet has sent out a division or so to attack us.

Please keep our communication open with you, and notify General Burnside. It is reported the enemy is evacuating Culpeper, and that this attack is intended to deceive us. A division sent from Jefferson toward Hazel River would have a good effect.

Very truly, yours,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

General O. B. WILLCOX.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Amisville, November 10, 1862.

GENERAL: The 6-pounder gun and caisson captured two days since is now at Amissville, and I have no means of bringing it in. Cannot you send out a wagon for the gun and a team for the caisson?

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Division.

Major-General PARKE.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Corbin's Cross-Roads, November 10, 1862 - 5.20 p. m.

GENERAL: After my dispatch of 2.20 p. m. the enemy made his appearance on the road to Newby's Cross-Roads, drove in my picket at that place, and advanced with his artillery on this position. I have just repulsed him, and remain in my old position of last night. The forage here is used up, and I must move to-morrow after it. A few moments

