
On November 7, moved, with the First and Second Brigades, to Amissville, and was opened on by the rebels with artillery, on the Little Washington road,, and also on the Jefferson road. Drove the rebels out of Jefferson, and captured two guns; also 3 officers and 10 men.

On November 8, moved to Newby's Cross-Roads. A squadron of the Fifth Cavalry had a skirmish on the Little Washington road, and Lieutenant Ash, of that regiment, was badly wounded. Colonel Farnsworth then drove the rebels beyond Little Washington with the Eighth Illinois and Third Indiana Cavalry. The Fifth Cavalry, besides Lieutenant Ash, had 6 men wounded and took 6 rebel prisoners. The Sixth Cavalry captured a rebel wagon and 12 horses from the rebel cavalry, besides taking 1 officer and 1 man prisoner.

On November 9, the division occupied a position at Corbin's Cross-Roads, 1 mile from Amissville, covering all the approaches from Culpeper, and also those from Chester Gap and Luray. A squadron of the Eighth New York Cavalry last night pushed as far as Flint Hill, paroled a number of wounded rebels, and retook 2 of my men captured, wounded, at Barbee's. A squadron of the Sixth Cavalry went inside of the enemy's lines last night, toward Culpeper, and captured a captain of the Fourth Virginia Cavalry and 5 men on picket; also a four-horse wagon, out for forage.

On November 10, the enemy from Culpeper attacked me in force with a brigade of infantry, one of cavalry and artillery, and at Corbin's Cross-Roads drove in my pickets, and compelled me to concentrate my whole force to resist him. Several prisoners taken say it was Longstreet, making a reconnaissance to find out where our army lay. He did not succeed, as he was repulsed late in the afternoon with severe loss. Our loss was 2 men mortally and 2 severely wounded. General Sturgis, who was stationed at amissville, quickly sent several of the regiments of his division to the right of the enemy to outflank them. This movement, doubtless, had great effect in inducing the enemy to withdraw. This action closed the campaign of the cavalry in Loudoun and Fauquier Counties, as orders were then received directing no farther advance toward Culpeper, and informing the army that Major-General Burnside had relieved Major-General McClellan from the command of it.

At this time, and from the 7th instant, my advance pickets were on Hazel River, within 6 miles of Culpeper, besides having my flank pickets toward Chester and Thornton's Gaps extended to Gaines' Cross-Roads and Newby's Cross-Roads, with numerous patrols in the direction of Woodville, Little Washington, and Springville. The information gained by these parties, and also from deserters, prisoners, contrabands, as well as citizens, established the fact of Longstreet, with his command being at Culpeper, while Jackson and D. H. Hill, with their respective commands, were in the Shenandoah Valley, on the western side of the Blue Ridge, covering Chester and Thornton's Gaps, and expecting us to attempt to pass through and attack them.

As late as November 17, a contraband, just from Strasburg, came into my camp and reported that D. H. Hill's corps was 2 miles beyond that place, on the railroad to Mount Jackson. Hill was tearing up the road and destroying the bridges, under the impression that we intended to follow into that valley, and was en route for Staunton. Jackson's corps was between Strasburg and Winchester. Ewell and A. P. Hill were with Jackson. Provisions were scarce, and the rebels were obliged to keep moving to obtain them.

In closing this report, it is but justice to the troops I have had the

