
ing squadrons were employed supporting sections of artillery, &amp;c. At the close of this day, having been ordered forward by General Pleasonton, the regiment charged the enemy under a raking fire of grape from a battery in position near Carter's house.

At the engagement at Upperville, the regiment, although present, was not actually engaged, it on that day being in rear. After the 3rd my command consisted of the Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry and the Sixth U. S. Regiment of Regular Cavalry, Captain W. P. Sanders commanding the latter. On the at Markham, I was detached with my command and ordered forward by the general commanding to support Brigadier-General Averell in his engagement with the enemy at Markham. Upon my arrival there the enemy had fled, leaving General Averell's brigade in possession of the town. On the following morning I rejoined the brigade with my regiments, and on the column of march brought up the rear. Upon this day the advance of the brigade attacked two brigades of rebel cavalry, commanded by General J. E. B. Stuart. Stuart's forces were in position at Barbee's Cross-Roads. The attack having been made, I received orders from Brigadier-General Pleasonton to move up my command, and drive the enemy on the left. The regiments, moving up at a gallop, were advanced to the front and to the extreme left of the line. The appearance of the regiments on the left at once drew the fire of all the enemy's artillery upon them, and more particularly that of a section posted upon a commanding hill surrounded by a dense wood. This wood was held by the enemy's dismounted cavalry i strong force. My dispositions were quickly made, and three squadrons-two of the Eighth Pennsylvania and one of the Sixth Regulars-of men dismounted and deployed as skirmishers and gallantly advanced, ascending a slope od clear ground to attack the enemy in the wood, and, if possible, capture the section. This section, at a distance of 300 yards, poured load after load upon the line, but without checking it. The enemy's skirmishers were forced to retire, and the left of my line was advanced rapidly to secure the wood in rear of the section. The right of the line, close upon the section, compelled it to retire too soon, the left of the line not having quite reached the wood. Cut off from their horses by the dense wood, these squadrons still pressed on, and only desisted in the pursuit when completely exhausted. Having reached a point in front of the enemy's batteries, and much advanced beyond the center and left of our line, we saw to our right, and somewhat to the rear, a column of two regiments charging the left of the line. This charge was handsomely repulsed by the Eighth New York Cavalry. An attempt was made by a regiment to charge my line of skirmishers, but a well directed fire from our carbines made it prudent for the enemy to change his plans. After this my command joined the remainder of the brigade in the pursuit of the enemy, driven in confusion from all his positions and fairly beaten. In this affair I had 1 man, Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, killed, and 2 or 3 wounded. my command took prisoners a commissioned officer, wounded, of the Ninth Virginia [Cavalry], and 6 privates, 1 wounded. At Amissville the regiments were frequently engaged with Stuart's cavalry. A reconnaissance in force made by the enemy at Amissville was first met by the Eighth New York and Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry and a section of Pennington's battery; these under my command. These regiments of cavalry, deployed as skirmishers, handsomely resisted the advance of infantry and cavalry, and, when joined by the other regiments of the brigade, still occupied the front line, and successfully held their position against the superior force of the enemy. After leaving Amissville, the Eighth Pennsylvania and Sixth Regular Cavalry were em-

