
ployed with the other regiments of the brigade in covering the march of the army upon Falmouth. In closing this report of the operations of my command, I would do justice to the officers and enlisted men of it by mentioning that whenever engaged they displayed the greatest gallantry and highest soldierly qualities.

The daily successes of the brigade, in its engagements with Stuart's cavalry, inspired such feelings of enthusiastic soldierly confidence that the enemy had only to be pointed out to be defeated.

Major P. Keenan, Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Captain Sanders, commanding Sixth U. S. Cavalry, and Lieutenant Frank A. Baker, acting regimental adjutant Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, rendered especial good service.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. MCM. GREGG,

Colonel Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Captain A. J. COHEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 4.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel J. William Hofmann, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, of skirmishes at Union and Upperville.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., FIRST ARMY CORPS,Camp at Upperville, Va., November 4, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the operations of the brigade under my command in the actions on the 2nd and 3rd instant.

In compliance with instructions from General Doubleday, I reported with my command, consisting of the Fifty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Major Smith commanding; Ninety-fifth Regiment New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Post commanding; Seventy-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers, Major Livingston commanding; Seventh Indiana Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Cheek commanding, and the First New Hampshire Battery, Lieutenant Edgell commanding, to General Pleasonton on the morning of the 2nd instant. I found General Pleasonton engaged with the enemy in front of the town of Philomont. The enemy was throwing shell with considerable rapidity. We, however, sustained no loss. General Pleasonton directed that two regiments of my brigade would skirmish through the wood, on the left of the road leading to the town of Union. The Fifty-sixth and Ninety-fifth Regiments were detailed for this duty. They were soon recalled, and I was directed by General Pleasonton to take the brigade to the front, advance through the town, and then hold it. The enemy had his cavalry posted in the town at the time, and had his artillery in front of it. After fording the creed and ascending the hill in our front, the brigade was formed in line of battle, and, with skirmishers thrown out, we advanced upon the town. We had proceeded about 200 yards, when General Pleasonton sent for a regiment to support a battery on our left and rear. The Seventy-sixth Regiments was detailed for this purpose. The line, now consisting of 700 men, pressed on through the town, the enemy retiring, on our approach, to a hill 1 mile beyond the town. After passing through the town, I sent the Ninety-fifth Regiment and two companies of the Fifth-sixth to take possession of a strip of wood on the left of the road, and about 300 yards to our front. Two companies of the Seventh

