
Indiana Regiment were then sent to picket the roads leading into the town. I then sent a request to General Pleasonton to send forward a battery of artillery. General Pleasonton soon arrived in person, and brought the artillery with him. He directed me to again move the brigade to the front, leaving the Seventy-sixth Regiment to picket the roads. As we advanced on the enemy they again opened on us with shell, one of which struck the line of the Seventh Indiana, killing the color-sergeant and 1 color-corporal, and wounding a number of others. We then took possession of a wood beyond the church, on the left of the road, and awaited the arrival of the artillery. The enemy in the mean time continued throwing shell, causing a number of casualties. After our artillery had thrown a few shots at the enemy they again retired to a position three-fourths of a mile farther on, toward the turnpike leading to Upperville. We crossed the ravine in our front, and again advanced in line of battle upon the enemy, who soon reopened on us with shell. As we were crossing an open field, a shell struck the line of the Fifty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, killing 2 men of Company G, and mortally wounding 2 others.

I would be doing injustice to this regiment to omit mentioning the prompt manner in which the gap, formed by the loss of the 4 men, was closed; not a single man left the line until permission to do so had been given.

The brigade was placed in the rear of a stone wall, and our artillery soon replied to the enemy. The Ninety-fifth Regiment was ordered to go to the left and front, to support a section of artillery. They were soon re-enforced by the Fifty-sixth Regiment. The enemy were now soon driven from their position, and, it being quite dark, the firing ceased on both sides. The Ninety-fifth and Fifty-sixth Regiments were directed by General Pleasonton to take possession of a hill, covered with wood, on the extreme left and front. They held possession of it during the night. The Seventy-sixth Regiment remained on duty in the town and on the roads leading into it. Thus ended the operations on the 2nd instant.

On the morning of the 3rd instant I reported to General Pleasonton, who informed me that he had sent word to General Doubleday that the brigade should rejoin the division, but that circumstances now made it desirable that we should remain with him. He directed me to bring up the Seventh Indiana Regiment and the battery, and to hold the hill on which the Ninety-fifth and Fifty-sixth Regiments had bivouacked. While executing this order, General Pleasonton directed the Fifty-sixth Regiment to skirmish through a wood, to the front and right of the hill. Having done this, the Fifty-sixth Regiment remained, as directed, in the wood until evening. When the Seventh Indiana Regiment and the battery had arrived in front, a section of the battery, with the Seventy Regiment as a support, was advanced 1,000 yards to the front, and posted on the crest of a hill. The battery soon opened on the enemy, who was posted in the rear of a large house and barn, on our left and front. The Ninety-fifth Regiment was ordered to take possession of the house, which order they executed in gallant style the instant that the fire of our battery ceased. They held possession of the house during the day. The enemy having retired beyond the range of the guns mentioned, the troops under my command were allowed to rest, excepting, however, those serving with the four guns, under command of Lieutenant Edgell. They continued with the cavalry during the day.

At 4 p. m. I received an order from General Pleasonton to call in the regiments and bring the brigade to Upperville. I did so, and reported

