
mishers forward, as stated in my report. The orders to "lie down" and "to retire" were given and reiterated by me. I left my proper command for the purpose, and rode to the water's edge to shout it out; but the noise of shells and musketry from the first made all correct hearing difficult.

HORACE BINNEY SARGENT,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Massachusetts Cavalry.

Numbers 7.

Reports of Brigadier General George D. Bayard, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade, of skirmishes at Mountville, Aldie, and near Rappahannock Station.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Camp near Chantilly, October 31, 1862 - 12 p. m.

The enemy drove in General Stoneman's pickets, and followed those that escaped into Aldie, near which I was encamped. My men were quickly in the saddle, and, led by Major Falls and Captain Sawyer, drove them from the town and pursued them for 2 miles, when, reaching their reserves, our troops were forced back. Colonel Karge, however, held the hill beyond the town with the cavalry of his brigade and two pieces of artillery. The enemy opened also with two pieces of artillery, and an artillery duel ensued for a short time, when I withdrew 2 miles from the town, to a commanding hill. This I did on account of my being so far in advance of any support, and so that I would be behind the roads leading from Hay Market, Gainesville, Centreville, and White Plains, by which roads my left flank was exposed, and which I had been compelled to strongly picket. My men held the town for an hour after the skirmish, when I concluded to return to camp. I regret to say that Captain Sawyer is badly wounded, and I left about 8 men on the field, as I was unable to bring them away.

The major of the Rhode Island Cavalry reports the loss of a captain and most of his picket.

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Major-General SIGEL.]

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

November 1, 1862.

We drove the enemy out of Aldie. They fell back on their reserves and repulsed our advanced squadron. They had four pieces of artillery, and an artillery duel ensued. Half my forces were used to picket my left flank and secure my rear, leaving me but 1,000 men for action. The enemy did not advance. I was so far from all support that I fell back during the night. Captain Sawyer was wounded, and I lost 8 men, I think, in the charge, and more horses. Where shall I draw my supplies from? Where establish my wagon train? General Sigel is too far to the rear for any support. Cannot I transfer my source of supplies to Leesburg, and mass my train in front of that place? I go to Washington. Answer me at Willard's.

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff.

