
which wounded 2 or 3 of their men (the enemy's), if not killing some, they were routed from their position. The One hundred and twenty-fourth having reached its point of destination, drove them completely out of the gap, passing to the valley beyond. The enemy changed the position of their guns five times, in order to get the range of my infantry, intending to rake their ranks and then precipitately retire. This they failed to do. Having dispersed them as far as possible with infantry, I made a careful view of the valley from the main point, whence I was able to discover the three camps and park of wagons noticed in my signal report to-day.

I was informed by a citizen, living in the mouth of the gap, where the enemy was posted, that General Hill's forces were at Front Royal, and he himself being present in the gap at the commencement of the skirmish.

Having received an order from General Whipple to join him at Waterloo, if the force in the gap did not require the presence, of my brigade, which I did not think it did, as I look upon the enemy there as a strong outpost, to prevent an attack in the valley without notice to them, and being relieved by a squadron of cavalry reporting to me, and being without provisions, tents, or blankets for my men, I gave what instructions I deemed necessary to the cavalry officer, and marched back to this point.

En route, at Markham, I met Generals Pleasonton's and Averell's trains, where I was able to obtain provisions for one company. This company I left for the better protection of the train, ordering them to report to me if anything occurred.

Here I await further orders, and am, general, your obedient servant,

A. SANDERS PIATT,

Brigadier-General.

Major General GEORGE B. MCCLELLAN,

Commanding.

Numbers 9.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel James S. Fillebrown, Tenth Maine Infantry, of affair near Snickersville.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH MAINE REGIMENT,Berlin, [Md.], November 9, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that First Lieutenant C. R. Denning, commanding one section each of Thompson's and Matthews' batteries, attached to General Hooker's command, also 1 wagon of General Ricketts' headquarters, 3 wagons connected with the batteries, 1 ambulance, about 60 horses, and 40 men, was yesterday attacked by the enemy near Snickersville, and, being without cannoneers, was obliged to retire, firing only one gun, and is now on this side of the river. I have caused one section of guns to be put in position on the hill to the rear of my camp, which will command the road opposite some 2 miles out, and also the bridge. The other I have at the bridge, to dispute the passage there. Captain Schofield, in command of detachment of Engineer Corps, has instructions to protect the ford above, and the officer in command of fatigue party, of the One hundred and twenty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, below the town; while one company of this regiment, on the

