
opposite side of the river guarding stores, have instructions to act as a picket guard in case of an attack.

Should any of General Stuart's force propose to make us a visit, we are prepared to give him or them a warm reception. The train of convalescents left here this morning about 12 o'clock.

I am, very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

J. S. FILLEBROWN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Tenth Maine Regiment.

Lieutenant Co. H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant General, Twelfth Army Corps.

Numbers 10.

Report of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, of action at Corbin's Cross-Roads, near Amissville.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 10, 1862.

SIR: Finding that the enemy had apparently halted in his advance, I directed General Stuart to move with his cavalry, penetrate the line of pickets, and endeavor to ascertain his disposition. Accordingly, this morning, with Lee's brigade and two regiments of infantry, he drove them back to Amissville, causing them to withdraw from Washington and to recall a party that was apparently proceeding down the river below Rappahannock Station. Upon reaching Amissville the enemy advanced against him three brigades of infantry, which caused him to retire. This was done in good order, and his loss during the day was 4 wounded. A few of the enemy were killed and more wounded. He ascertained that none of their infantry was established this side of the Rappahannock, but saw large encampments beyond Warrenton, which were said to be Sigel's.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

Numbers 11.

Report of Major General J. E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army, commanding cavalry, of operations October 30 - November 6.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 27, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the cavalry division from October 30, 1862, when I crossed the Blue Ridge, to November 6, 1862, when my command recrossed the Rappahannock, including notices of operations along that front subsequent to that time:

On October 30, 1862, it having been ascertained that the enemy had crossed the Potomac in force in the vicinity of Leesburg, I was directed by the commanding general to cross at once with one brigade of my command into Loudoun, with a view to watch the enemy's movements,

