
The enemy moved over two brigades of infantry to Jeffersonton, and kept a large force of cavalry, with a strong infantry support, at Amissville. With a view to dislodge the latter, I concerted a simultaneous attack with Hampton's and Lee's brigades on the enemy there, supported by two regiments of infantry, under Colonel Carnot Posey, of the Sixteenth Mississippi. Hampton did not receive the orders in time to co-operate, but the remainder of the force advanced upon the enemy, dislodged him from his position, and he was rapidly retiring when a large force of infantry came to his relief. The command was, therefore, leisurely returned to camp.

The army of McClellan now occupied Warrenton and its vicinity, with strong infantry outposts on the Rappahannock, and Longstreet's corps occupied Culpeper County, with my cavalry interposed between him and the enemy, along the Rappahannock and in the forks of the Hazel and Aestham Rivers.

In all these operations I deem it my duty to bear testimony to the gallantry and patient endurance of the cavalry, fighting every day most unequal conflicts, and successfully opposing for an extraordinary period the onward march of McClellan.

The Stuart Horse Artillery comes in for a full share of this praise, and its gallant commander (Major John Pelham) exhibited a skill and courage which I have never seen surpassed. On this occasion I was more than ever struck with that extraordinary coolness and mastery of the situation which more eminently characterized this youthful officer than any other artillerist who has attracted my attention. His coup d'aeil was accurate and comprehensive, his choice of ground made with the eye of military genius, and his dispositions always such in retiring as to render it impossible for the enemy to press us without being severely punished for his temerity. His guns only retired from one position to assume another, and open upon the enemy with a fire so destructive that it threw their ranks into confusion and arrested their farther progress.

I regret that it is not in my power to furnish a complete list of casualties.

My thanks are due to Brigadier-General Hampton and Colonels Wickham and Rosser for the zeal and ability displayed.

I was greatly indebted to my staff for valuable aid, particularly Major Norman R. Fitzhugh, assistant adjutant general, and to those already mentioned in the body of the report.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

Numbers 12.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel J. B. Gordon, First North Carolina cavalry, of action at Barbee's Cross-Roads.

BRANDY STATION, VA., November 22, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part enacted by the First North Carolina Cavalry during the cavalry fight at Barbee's Cross-Roads, on the 5th instant:

About 12 o'clock, I was ordered, through courier from General Hampton, to send one squadron to the cross-roads, 1 mile from camp, to act as sharpshooters. In a few minutes afterward I was ordered by General

10 R R-VOL XIX, PT II

