
Numbers 13.

Report of Major Elijah V. White, Virginia Cavalry Battalion, of skirmish at Philomont.

NOVEMBER 14, 1862.

COLONEL: I desire to bring before your notice and the commanding general the gallant conduct of the following-named privates, members of Company A, of my battalion, viz: Mortimer W. Palmer, R. Henry Simpson, David J. Lee, and Robert A. Ritacor, who, on the 9th instant, charged and drove out of the town of Philomont, Loudoun County, Va., 50 Yankee cavalry, wounding 1 Yankee, capturing 2 negroes and 3 wagons from the rear of a long train, which they brought safely into camp. This daring and heroic deed was performed at a distance of 13 miles from any Confederate force, and about fifteen minutes after a regiment of infantry of the enemy had passed through the place, by these four daring and gallant fellows. I think such conspicuous and brave conduct deserves the notice of their country and brethren in arms.

Very respectfully,

ELIJAH V. WHITE,

Major, Commanding Cavalry Battalion.

Colonel T. T. MUNFORD,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 14.

Report of Colonel Thomas L. Rosser, Fifth Virginia Cavalry, commanding Lee's brigade, of action at Corbin's Cross-Roads, near Amissville.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S BRIGADE,November 13, 1862 - 8.30 p. m.

GENERAL: I have just returned, and have seen that your instructions are carried out. I went within three-quarters of a mile of Waterloo Bridge; saw a small squad of the enemy a short way from the road; sent a small party from the First Virginia in pursuit of them. The enemy, having a regiment in the woods near by, charged this party. As soon as I discovered them, I ordered Colonel [James H.] Drake to charge, which he did so promptly and gallantly that the enemy fled, leaving 12 of their number in Drake's hands, although the whole affair was in full view of thousands of their friends on the other side of the river (across which their cavalry had but a few moments been driven) and in close cannon shot. Darkness coming on, and the enemy's sharpshooters having taken up a strong position in the thick woods in front of me, I thought it best to withdraw, the Fourth and Third having failed to get possession of Amissville (reporting a force there), and this being some-what in my rear. I saw two regiments of cavalry near Waterloo and a strong infantry picket, and learned, from a source thought to be entirely reliable, that the enemy was erecting a temporary bridge at Waterloo by felling trees across the river and forming a bridge upon them. They were over after corn this evening, and I came near capturing their wagons. I am positive that they have only cavalry on this side, except small infantry force for picket. I left a picket at Jefferson and near Amissville. I left Drake on the other side of the river as a support to the pickets

