
[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

William H. Johnson, from Ashe County, North Carolina, private Company A, First North Carolina Cavalry. - Had been sent after forage, and was looking over the river to Wiliamsport, and was just going to start back when captured. Christian Burkett was with Johnson after forage. The other men were regular pickets, and on duty when captured.

Christian Burkett, Ashe County, North Carolina, private Company A, First North Carolina Cavalry. - Was regularly detailed for picket, but was not on post when captured. Had been after forage with Johnson, and was looking over the river when captured.

A. J. Miler, Ashe County, North Carolina, private Company A, First North Carolina Cavalry, - Regular detailed for picket duty, and was on post with J. S. Parsons when captured. Our whole company was on picket duty that day. James Ray and S. C. Parsons coming to the river when captured.

John S. Parsons, Alleghany County, North Carolina, private Company A. First North Carolina Cavalry. - Was regularly detailed for picket duty, and was on post at the time captured. A. J. Miller was captured on post at the same time. S. C. Parsons and James ray were coming to relieve us when they were captured.

James Ray, Ashe County, North Carolina, private Company A, First North Carolina Cavalry. - Was regularly detailed for picket duty, and was on my way with Solomon [C.] Parsons to relieve John [S.] Parsons and [A.] J. Miller, who were on post at the time of our capture.

Solomon C. Parson, Company A, First North Carolina Cavalry. - Was regularly detailed for picket duty, and was on my way with Ray to relieve the party on post when captured. Miller and John S. Parsons were on the post we were to relieve.

[Indorsement.]

The statements made within are the correct statements made by the parties themselves this day in relation to their capture whilst on picket duty.

ED. M. MOBLEY,

Captain, Provost-Marshal.

WILLIAMSPORT, VA., November 1, 1862.

[Inclosure No. 4. Not found.]

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]
HEADQUARTERS,Williamsport, Va., October 30, 1862.

Brigadier General WADE HAMPTON:

GENERAL: I fear that you have been misinformed as to the facts attending the capture on yesterday of 6 cavalrymen belonging to your command I desire to say to you, general, that I had ordered the capture of your pickets more than one hour before the party bearing the flag came in sight, and that my party was over the river to effect the capture for nearly the same length of time before the appearance of the price party. The pickets were taken in full view of many persons. Two of the captured men were taken on the field, but on e of them admitted here

