
I send Captain Cowles to present this dispatch to you, and I trust that you will acquiesce in the justice of my demand for the release of the prisoners.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WADE HAMPTON,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 7.]
HEADQUARTERS,Williamsport, Va., November 1, 1862.

Brigadier General WADE HAMPTON:

GENERAL: I am too young a soldier to discuss with you the points embraced in your communication to me of to-day. Recognizing to their fullest extent all the sacred obligations which guard a fall of truce, and solicitous to learn what they are, I shall hold the prisoners captured, by my order on the 29th ultimo, until I am advised in the premises by the Commandeer-in-Chief of the Army of the United States, to whom I shall submit the facts.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. KENLY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure Numbers 8.]

OCTOBER 31, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the facts concerning the capture of 6 men of my men, to bear a flag of truce to Williamsport, escorting two ladies and one paroled prisoner. I was met by a captain and lieutenant of the Federal Army. I at once made the communication your ordered, viz, that the flag should interfere with operations on the pike only. This done, the baggage belonging to the ladies was put out on the bank of the river, and the paroled prisoner delivered to the captain. The captain said he should send some of his men across the canal for the baggage, and should claim protection under the flag against the fire of our pickets. I assured him that his men should not be molested in the discharge of that duty. I recrossed the river, and just as I got to my outside picket post, I was met by a party of Federal cavalry, who at once demanded the surrender of the pickets. At the same time they dashed upon my party and commenced examining the escort for arms. They halted two of the escort, who were in the rear, to whose relief I had to go before they would let them pass. The men they captured were picketing the pike, a part of them on post, the others going to relieve those who were on post. The post was some 60 yards from the pike, commanding a better view of the crossing of the river than could be had on the pike.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN L. SMITH,

Lieutenant Company A, First North Carolina Cavalry.

General HAMPTON.

