
OCTOBER 29, 1862. - Skirmish near Petersburg, W. Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. - Lieutenant Colonel James Quirk, Twenty-third Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army.

CUMBERLAND, MD.,

October 29, 1862 - 10.40 p. m.

I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Quirk, of the Twenty-third Illinois, to take the Ringgold Cavalry and two guns of Rourker's battery and purpose the party that took the cattle in Hardy County. He left New Creek last night at dark. By a rapid march all night, he overtook the enemy at daylight this morning, attacked him, recaptured 170 head of cattle, and took 16 prisoners and 20 horses.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

CUMBERLAND, MD.,

October 29, 1862 - 10.40 p. m.

A cavalry force came into Hardy County night before last an stole a large lot of cattle, and started them for the rebel army. I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Quirk, of the Twenty-third Illinois, to take the cavalry at New Creek and two guns of Rourke's battery and pursue them. He moved last evening, and, by a rapid march all night, overtook the enemy this morning at daylight, attacked him, captured 170 head of cattle, and took 16 prisoners and 20 horses.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Major BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James Quirk, Twenty-third Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS IRISH BRIGADE,Camp Jessie, New Creek, Va., October 30, 1862.

CAPTAIN: One hour after the reception, and in pursuance of, orders form brigade headquarters, I left this camp at 5.30 p. m., in command of Company A, Lieutenant Hart; Company C, Captain Young; Company D, Captain Work; Ringgold Pennsylvania Cavalry, numbering 150 men, and one section of Rourker's battery, commanded by Captain John Rourke.

I arrived with my command at Greenland gap (21 miles) at 11 p. m., where I was informed that the enemy (Stuart's cavalry), 400 strong, with

