
about 200 head of cattle, crossed the mountain, near Greenland, at 2 o'clock that afternoon. We then immediately advanced in pursuit through the gap, along the Ridgeville road determined, if possible, to intercept them before they reached the crossing of that road, 5 miles from Petersburg. When we arrived within 3 miles of the crossing, I halted the detachment, and sent forward Lieutenant Hart and 10 of his men to ascertain whether the enemy had passed the crossing, and ascertained, from a reliable source, that the enemy, consisting of from 300 to 500 of Stuart's cavalry (Lee's brigade), were encamped within 2 miles, back of the crossing, on the other road.

At daylight we advanced upon the enemy, and, when within 700 yards, I ordered Captain Rourke to the front with his guns, when a few well-directed shot and shell, fired by Captain Rourke in person, threw the enemy into confusion, and caused them to flee into the woods. I then ordered the cavalry to charge, which order was promptly and gallantly executed, particularly by Company A, Lieutenant Hart. After 16 of the enemy were captured, being unable to find any more of them, I ordered the cattle to be collected and driven, with the greatest possible dispatch, toward our own camp, especially as I was apprehensive of an attack by Imboden, who was reported with a force of 700 men at Petersburg, only 5 miles distant.

I am glad to inform you we met with no loss, while that of the enemy is known to have been at least 3 men killed and 16 taken prisoners, and we captured 19 horses and 160 head of cattle.

I have been informed by one of the prisoners that the enemy's force consisted of 2 picked men from each company of Lee's brigade, of Stuart's cavalry.

The success of the expedition is owing to the rapidity of our movements (we having advanced some 35 miles during the night), and to the cheerful and active co-operation of the officers and men comprising the detachment.

Lieutenant John A. Ayres, of my regiment, acting adjutant of the detachment, rendered me valuable and efficient aid.

This report is respectfully submitted.

I am, captain, very respectfully, yours,

JAMES QUIRK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 5-14, 1862.* - Operations in Augusta, Bath, and Highland counties, Va., and Pendleton and Pocahontas Counties, W. Va.

Report of Brigadier General Robert H. Milroy, U. S. Army.

HUNTSVILLE, VA., November 14, 1862.

Just arrived here on my return from Monterey, Huntersville, McDowell, and Franklin. Have swept the counties of Highland, Pocahontas, Pendleton, and Parts of Augusta and Bath. Captured 45 prisoners, including 3 captains and 1 lieutenant; also 75 head of cattle and 25 horses.

---------------

* See, November 8-14, 1862, Imboden's expedition from Hardy County into Tucker County, W. Va., pp. 156-160.

---------------

