
Colonel Latham, with 500 men, still after Imboden. Balance of troops on expedition will be here this evening. The One hundred and twenty-third Ohio here. The Second and Tenth Virginia and One hundred and sixteenth Ohio and batteries at Beverly. All this country to the Shenandoah Mountain Rangers, and one battery will be sufficient to hold this country, from Monterey to Sutton. I can take nine regiments and two batteries to Cumberland. Shall I do so?

Second Lieutenant Mark Poore is acting ordnance officer for my division. clear, pleasant day here.

R. H. MILROY,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General COX.

NOVEMBER 8-14, 1862. - Imboden's expedition from Hardy County into Tucker County, W. Va., and capture of Saint George.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Colonel J. D. Imboden, First Virginia Partisan Rangers, with congratulatory letter from General Lee.

Numbers 2. - Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army, of the capture of Saint George, W. Va.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel J. D. Imboden, First Virginia Partisan Rangers, with congratulatory letter from General Lee.

CAMP WASHINGTON,

On Shenandoah Mountain, November 18, 1962.

GENERAL: Having received some overcoats and blankets for my men on the night of the 6th instant, I set out from my camp on South Fork, in Hardy County, at 2 p. m. on the 7th, for Cheat River Bridge, on

the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. It was snowing hard at the time. I reached the eastern base of the Alleghany, 6 miles north of the mouth of seneca, at midnight and halted until daybreak. I then began the ascent of the mountain with 310 well-mounted men, expecting to reach Saint George, 38 miles distant, early in the night of the 8th. Our only road was an obscure and rarely used cattle-path, leading directly across the main Alleghany and along the southern border of the famous wilderness, known as Canaan, and from Red Creek and the Blackwater to the Dry Fork of Cheat. We were compelled to walk and lead our horses entirely across the mountain, the snow-storm continuing in unabated violence all day. So formidable were our difficulties, that night overtook us on the Dry Fork, only about 18 or 20 miles from our starting-place in the morning. I was compelled to halt and await the rising of the moon. Precisely at midnight we remounted our horses, and at the moment of starting met a gentleman of high respectability, a resident of Tucker, who gave me the startling intelligence, afterward fully verified, that a regiment of Yankee infantry, 600 strong, had tact dy passed up Dry Fork toward Seneca, and were then encamped 8 or 10 miles in my rear, they having gone up Dry Fork as I came down Red Creek, and that Milroy had gone with 4,000 men from Beverly toward Monterey. I hesitated about going forward, knowing tact my escape from the country

