
OCTOBER 2-4, 1862.- Operations at Blue's Gap (or Hanging Rock), Little Cacapon Bridge, and Paw Paw Tunnel, W. Va.

Numbers 1.- Major General George B. McClellan, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Potomac, of the capture of Union forces at Little Cacapon Bridge, October 4.

Numbers 2.- Colonel Andrew T. McReynolds, First New York, of the capture of Union forces at Little Cavapon Bridge and Confederate camp at Hanging Rock, October 4, with instructions.

Numbers 3.- Colonel Jacob M. Campbell, Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the capture of Union forces at Little Cacapon Bridge and Paw Tunnel, October 4.

Numbers 4.- Asst. Surg. Andrew W. Mathews, Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the capture of Union forces at Paw Paw Tunnel, October 4.

Numbers 5. -Private John J. Spangler, Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the capture of Union forces at Paw Paw Tunnel, October 4.

Numbers 6.- General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, of Imboden's operations, and congratulatory letter to him.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General George B. McClellan, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Potomac, of the capture of Union forces at Little Cacapon Bridge October 4.

MCCLELLAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

October 5, 1862-11 a. m.

I received a report last night that the railroad bridge across the Little Cacapon, near Cumberland, was destroyed by 1,500 of Stuart's cavalry on the night previous, and that the same party had capture a company of the Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers. Colonel McReynolds, with two regiments of our cavalry, was there, or in the immediate vicinity, as also General Kelley, for the express purpose of preventing such raids. I ordered Colonel Averell last night to proceed rapidly from Williamsport, with four regiments of cavalry and a horse battery, to that section, and to use his utmost endeavors to chastise Stuart's party. He will act vigorously, and I confidently anticipate some good, results.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Numbers 2. Reports of Colonel Andrew T. McReynolds, first New York Cavalry, of the capture of Union at Little Cacapon Bridge and Confederate camp at Hanging Rock, October 4, with instructions.

GREEN SPRING, VA.,

October 4, 1862-6 p. m.

A cavalry force, said to be Stuart's cavalry, made a raid on the railroad early this a. m., capturing one company Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Regiment, and destroying the Little Cacapon Bridge, and cutting the telegraph line. It is expected they have designs on the South Branch

