
was allowed five. Finding every avenue for retreating in the possession of the enemy's pickets, and surrounded by a much superior force, he deemed it advisable to comply with Colonel Imboden's summons, and accordingly surrendered, as following: Of the whole number composing the detachment, Captain Hall and 28 of his men took a parole not to take up arms until regularly exchanged.

Imboden also took possession of all the arms, oil-cloth blankets, overcoats, cooking utensils, 1 horse and bridle, and about 530 rations.

Captain Hall represents the force of Colonel Imboden as being well armed and clothed. The arms in their possession were principally Sharp's breech-loading rifles.

Inclosed please find a list of the names of those taken prisoners and paroled.* Three of the men were overlooked and did not sign the parole. Those paroled are ordered to report at Camp Chase, Ohio.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Major G. M. BASCOM, Asst. Adjt. General, Charleston, Va.

NOVEMBER 9, 1862. - Reconnaissance from Bolivar heights to Rippon, W. Va.

Report of Brigadier General John W. Geary, U. S. Army.

RIPPON, SIX MILES FROM BERRYVILLE, VA.,

November 9, 1862 - 1.15 p. m.

GENERAL: My researches show that both the General Hill and General Jackson have crossed the mountains at Front Royal, leaving on this side five regiments of cavalry and eight or ten pieces of artillery, part of which I have had to contend with to-day. Considerable infantry is also said to be beyond Berryville. Having no cavalry, and being compelled to move with the greatest caution, I conclude that my advance thus far accomplishes for the present the object of the reconnaissance, and I am about to return.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Twelfth Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWELFTH ARMY CORPS,Bolivar Heights, Va., November 10, 1862.

COLONEL: In accordance with the directions of the general commanding, of the evening of November 8, for me to make a reconnaissance with the available force of my division, I started on the following morning with 2,500 infantry from the three brigades, and two sections each from Knap's, Hampton's, and McGilvery's batteries. At daylight we reached Halltown, from which vicinity we drove about 50 cavalry pickets, the first encountered. Moving actively forward, we approached a position but recently occupied by 50 or 60 others in bivouac, about midway

---------------

* Nominal list, omitted, shows 1 officer and 28 enlisted men captured.

---------------

