
Hoping the results of the reconnaissance thus submitted may be sanctioned with your approbation, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twelfth Army Corps.

NOVEMBER 9, 1862. - Skirmish at Fredericksburg, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. Captain Ulric Dahlgren, U. S.. Army, Aide-de-Camp.

Numbers 2. Proceedings of Confederate Court of Inquiry.

Numbers 1. Report of Captain Ulric Dahlgren, U. S. Army, Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Gainesville, Va., November 10, 1862.

GENERAL: Agreeably to your orders, I started form Gainesville, on the morning of the 8th instant, to Fredericksburg, to ascertain the force of the enemy at that place, and then to examine the Aquia Creek and Fredericksburg Railroad on the return. I left Gainesville with 60 men of the First Indiana, General Sigel's body-guard, and went to Bristoe Station to obtain an additional force of 100 men from the Sixth Ohio Cavalry; but, finding they had moved to Catlett's Station, I went to that pint, where we found them. After a slight delay in preparing, we moved and traveled all night, stopping once an hour or so, to feed and water the horses. We arrived at Fredericksburg about 7.30 a. m. Although our object was to be there before daylight, it was impossible to do so, the distance being too great, and the roads and the weather unfavorable. At Fredericksburg I found the river too high to ford at the regular fording places, and not wishing to expose my men by crossing them in small detachments on a ferry-boat, I sent R. P. Brown, your scout, to find some place where we could cross, which he soon discovered above the bridge, among the rocks, to all appearances impassable, but at which place we managed to cross one man at a time. My intention was to send the First Indiana Cavalry through the town, while the sixth Ohio would guard the crossing-place and secure our retreat. After crossing with the Indiana cavalry with the Indiana cavalry, under Captain Sharra, I could plainly see the rebels gathering together to meet us, na not wishing to give them time to collect, started for them before the Sixth Ohio were over, leaving directions for them, and supposing that they would be over by the time I would gall back, if necessary. We found the city full of soldiers, who were almost entirely surprised, and made many prisoners, whom we sent to the ford, where I supposed the Sixth Ohio to be. It being nearly a mile from Falmouth through Fredericksburg, and not wishing to run my horses so far, I sent Lieutenant Carr with a detachment ahead, to dash through the town and see where the enemy were concentrated. Lieutenant Carr gallantly drove several detachments before him until they reached the main body. Having now found where

