
place, at 6.30 o'clock yesterday morning. We attacked him at once, and routed him completely, killing and wounding of arms, 350 fat hogs, a large number of horses, cattle, wagons, &amp;c. The infantry were routed and entirely dispersed, fleeing to the mountains. Their cavalry were, unfortunately, far away, on an expedition, or our success would have been complete. We burned their camp and returned to this place this evening.

I have with me a detachment of the First New York Cavalry; the Ringgold Battalion, under the command of Captain Keys; the Washington Cavalry, commanding by Captain Greenfield; Rourke's battery, and three companies of the Twenty-third Illinois Infantry, under command of Major Moore. The infantry companies are carried in wagons. My troops cannot be surpassed for patient endurance on the march, or for gallant bearing when in action.

Our attack was so unexpected and impetuous that our loss is trifling, 3 or 4 men slightly, and 1 severely, wounded; none killed.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Major G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 9-11, 1862. - Expedition into Greenbrier County, W. Va.

Report of Captain G. W. Gilmore.

CAMP SUMMERVILLE, VA., November 12, 1862.

SIR: I herewith submit a report of my expedition into Greenbrier County:

On the 9th instant, proceeding agreeably to order, I bivouacked 3 miles beyond Gayley River.

On the 10th, moving on, I marched all day without interruption, but learned that General Jenkins, with 2,500 men, in addition to Colonel Dunn's force, occupied the country before me, stationed as follows: Colonel Dunn's command between Lewisburg and Frankfort; the Fourteenth Regiment Virginia Cavalry at Williamsburg; one regiment of cavalry at Meadow Bluff (pasturing horses), with a battalion of 400 cavalry on the Wilderness road as a guard; a small force at White Sulphur, and General Jenkins, with the remainder of his command, on Muddy Creek, 8 miles from Lewisburg. I however, pushed forward until within 3 miles of Williamsburg, where I came upon a wagon train belonging to General Jenkins' command. They were encamped for the night, intending to load with wheat the following day. I surrounded and captured the whole, consisting of prisoners and property, as follows: 9 prisoners, names J. L. Evans, captain and acting assistant commissary; William L. Evans, captain and acting assistant commissary; William L. Evans, wagon-master; 2 wagoners (enlisted men); 3 wagoners (citizens); 2 negro wagoners, and 2 citizens who were pressed and interested with the grain. The property taken, as follows: 7 wagons, 23 horses, 4 mules, and 24 sets of harness.

After setting fire to and destroying the wagons and the grain, with the building it was stored in, I set out on my return, meeting Captain Smith, with his command, on Cherry River, 10 miles from Gauley River Ford.

I arrived in this camp,with the above prisoners and property, at 5

