
p. m. on the 11th instant. I found the roads very bad, impassable for wagons; grain very scarce; could procure but two feeds for my horses while gone. The grain destroyed was about 250 bushels of wheat.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

G. W. GILMORE,

Captain, Commanding Expedition.

Brigadier General GEORGE CROCK,

Commanding Kanawha Division.

NOVEMBER 10-12, 1862. - Operation along the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, Va.

Report of Brigadier General Daniel E. Sickles, U. S. Army/
HDQRS. SICKLES' DIVISION, THIRD ARMY CORPS,Camp at Manassas Junction, November 12, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the operations of my command since my last communication, dated the 10th instant.

The line of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad is divided into four principal commands, as follows: First, from Burke's Station to Bull Run bridge, including the post at Centreville and a provost guard at Fairfax Court-House, Brigadier-General Carr commanding. His force comprises the First Massachusetts, Second New Hampshire, and Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania. Second, from Bull Run Bridge to Manassas, Third Brigade, General Patterson commanding. His force includes two batteries occupying redoubts Nos. 1 and 2 at Manassas. Third, from Manassas to Kettle Run, Second Brigade, Colonel George B. Hall commanding, to whom Smith's battery (Lieutenant Narin commanding) reports. Of Colonel Hall's command, the First and Firth Excelsior are at Bristoe, with a battery and supply details for the posts and patrols to Kettle Run. The Second and Fourth Excelsior and One hundred and twentieth New York form a reserve at Manassas. Fourth, from Kettle Run to Warrenton Junction, Colonel Blaisdell commanding, Provisional Brigade, Eleventh and Sixteenth massachusetts and Third Excelsior, with Clark's battery. Posts are established at all stations, bridges, causeways, culverts, and high embankments along the line, and the intervals between the posts are vigilantly patrolled day and night. Major Remington's squadron (100), of the Sixth Ohio Cavalry, patrols the principal road s from Bull Run to Cedar Rund Bridge, watching the fords of Cedar Run. He has a post at Breentsville, and his camp is between Broad Run and Kettle Run. Of this squadron, 25 men, with a lieutenant, report to Colonel Blaisdell, at Warrenton Junction, for vedette and patrol duty on his line. The cavalry patrols are mainly on the left of the railroad, toward the Occoquan and the Rappahannock. Colonel Marston, Second New hampshire, commanding at Centreville, Reports that, of the supply trains (500 wagons) from Alexandria, for which I was directed to furnish an escort, on e train passed through Centreville noon on the 8th instant, and two trains, of about the same number each, passed his post at sunrise on the 10th instant. Colonel Marston furnished escorts for these several trains, and they were safely conducted beyond Gainesville, when the escort was relieved.

