
Captain Carr, commanding the escort, heard, from sources, perhaps, not entitled to much notice, that Jackson was expected to come in our rear and occupy the old battle-field of Bull Run. The rumor comes from citizens and contrabands in that vicinity.

In this relation I may mention a circumstance informally communicated to me by Colonel Marston. He was informed by a lady, residing near Centreville, that, about two weeks ago, two regiments of rebel cavalry passed to the right of Centreville and crossed Bull Run, going in the direction of Manassas and Gainesville. She saw these troops, and knew their force and character from the report of her soon, who belonged to one of the regiments.

I respectfully request that an engineer officer be sent here for a day or two, that I may have the aid of his professional judgment in designating such of the works in the vicinity as may be most available for the defense of the place. Some changes will be required in those occupied, and the others it may be thought expedient to destroy.

Brigadier-General Ingals, chief quartermaster, Army of the Potomac, had relieved Captain Rusling, assistant quartermaster, from duty as depot quartermaster at Manassas, and ordered him to resume his duties as division quartermaster.

Colonel Blaisdell, commanding post at Warrenton Junction, reports that, no guard having been provided for the railroad toward Warrenton, he has posted guards at four bridges and three other points in that direction, the last point being at a cross-road, within 1 mile of Warrenton. The commanding officer of these posts reports the railroad in bad condition between Warrenton Junction, for forage and quartermaster's stores from the respective divisions of the army advancing toward the Rappahannock, but that no depot quartermaster is there, nor any one in authority to represent the quartermaster's department, and, consequently, the trains lie there idle, and are not supplied. The commissary department is established, and the duties performed. I respectfully suggest that the interests of the service require that a depot quartermaster should be immediately sent to Warrenton Junction, to attend to the requisitions for troops now moving in that direction.

I have great pleasure in bringing to the notice of the general commanding the energetic and efficient services of Colonel William Blaisdell, Eleventh Massachusetts, and of Colonel Lloyd, Sixth Ohio Cavalry. In the discharge of their arduous duties these officers, with their respective commands, have displayed great zeal and activity.

I take leave to allude again to the necessity for some additional regiments for the Third, or New Jersey, Brigade. There are now only 1,900 men for duty out of six regiments in that brigade. General Stockton, the adjutant-general of New Jersey, informs me that there is no probability that the state will fill up those regiments. There are several unassigned new regiments from New Jersey near Washington. Of these, the Fourteenth, Colonel Truex commanding, is at Frederick, or at Monocacy Bridge. This is said to be an excellent regiment, with good officers. Also, the Thirtieth, Colonel Donaldson, and the Thirty-first, Colonel Berthoud;besides the Eleventh, Colonel McAllister. All near Washington or Alexandria. I respectfully suggest that some of these regiments be assigned to the New Jersey Brigade (Third_, of this division, and that the skeleton regiments, now here, be detached for consolidation and reorganization.

There is a large quantity of seasoned fuel, say 600 or 700 cords, piled up within my lines. Some of it is near the railroad, and a large quantity

