
WASHINGTON, D. C., September 2, 1862.

Honorable D. D. FIELD and others, New York:

The New York militia regiments were requested to remain when the danger was more imminent than at present, but declined to do so. Under these circumstances they will not be recalled.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[SEPTEMBER 2-24, 1862. - For correspondence between Halleck and Dix, in reference to re-enforcements from the Peninsula for Army of the Potomac, see Series I, Vol. XVIII.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 3, 1862.

Ordered, that the General-in-Chief, Major-General Halleck, immediately commence, and proceed with all possible dispatch, to organize an army for active operations, from all the material within and coming within his control, independent of the forces he may deem necessary for the defense of Washington, when such active army shall take the field.*

By order of the President:

EDWIN M . STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Indorsement.]

Copy delivered to Major-General Halleck, September 3, 1862, at 10 p. m.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, September 3, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN, Commanding, &amp;c.:

There is every probability that the enemy, baffled in his intended capture of Washington, will cross the Potomac, and make a raid into Maryland of Pennsylvania. A movable army must be immediately organized to meet him again in the field. You will, therefore, report the approximate force of each corps of the three armies now in the vicinity of Washington, which can be prepared in the next two days to take the field, and have them supplied and ready for that service.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

AQUIA, VA., September 3, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

Have just ordered six regiments of infantry to embark, and hope to get of everything to-day but one regiment of infantry (and one of cavalry as rear guard), to enable us to get the teams. Railroad transportation if the transports arrive, as I suppose. [Sic.]

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

---------------

* The original is in President Lincoln's handwriting.

---------------

