
Bridge and Patterson's Creek Bridge to-night. Under these circumstances, I feel called upon to remain here until to morrow, althgout I had arranged to leave for Williamsport to-day. If I should withdraw my force from Springfield or this point it would leave the way open to the rebels to South Bridge and through to Cumberland.

A. T. McREYNOLDS,

Colonel, Commanding.

General WILLIAMS,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 4, 1862-7 p. m.

Colonel A. T. McREYNOLDS, Green Spring:

You will remain in the vicinity of your present position until further orders, and take immediate steps to prevent the destruction of the bridges you refer to in your dispatch of to-day. Call upon any forces in your vicinity to assist you, if necessary. Acknowledge receipt.

By order of General McClellan:

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 4, 1862-8.30 p. m.

Colonel A. T. McREYNOLDS, Green Spring, Va.:

Colonel Averall, commanding four regiments of cavalry, now at Williamsport, has been notified of the state of things, as reported by you, in your vicinity, and has been ordered to proceed at once with all his available force to cut off Stuart's cavalry. Endeavor to communicate with him to-morrow.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Green Spring, Va., October 4, 1862-12 p. m.

(received 11.45 a. m., October 5.)

General R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff:

Both your dispatches of this day received. I have taken full precautionary measures for the protection of the railroad bridges west of this point, having strong pickets at Springfield and Romney, to prevent any advance by any of these routes. The rebel force, after leaving Little Cacapon Brigade, moved east on the railroad to Paw Paw, where they captured, at noon to-day, one company entire of the Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Regiment, without resistance, then retiring by the Winchester road. It consisted of about 1,500 men-cavalry and artillery in nearly equal portions. A battalion, under Captain Boyd, will leave Springfield early to-morrow morning, with orders to move cautiously toward Bloomery Gap, for the purpose of communicating with Colonel Averell.

A. T. McC REYNOLDS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Copy sent to General Halleck.

2 R R-VOL XIX, PT II.

