
AQUIA, VA., September 3, 1862 - 10.30 a. m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

Have you anything new? Shall I make any different arrangements from those indicated in my telegram? I have thought it best to remain here until the last. Do you wish it otherwise? All quiet in our front.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT.

Washington, September 3, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Aquia Creek, Va.:

General McClellan directs me to say that the army has fallen back in front of Washington. All going well at present. You can carry out your own plans, but he wishes you to hurry things upon as rapidly as possible.

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AQUIA, VA., September 3, 1862 - 1 p. m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Washington, D. C.:

It is impossible for us to make a speedy embarkation unless our vessels are returned from Alexandria more promptly.

A. W. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

UPTON'S HILL, VA., September 3, 1862.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Major Titus, Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, paroled prisoner, reports that on Monday he was near Gum Springs, a few miles souther of Aldie. On that day the rebel forces marched past, from 3 a. m. till dark, all day. The force was very large. the soldiers said they were bound for Harper's Ferry. On yesterday he was north on Centreville, on the Little River pike. Rebels would not let him pass by that road to Fairfax, but sent him around by Centreville, and thence to Fairfax. Saw troops, artillery, &amp;c., in the triangle of Little River and Warrenton pikes - (Stuart's cavalry, headquarters at Fairfax). Mr. Boyd, a Treasury clerk, one of the nurses with the wounded, was taken. He reports the same refusal to allow him to pass along the Little River pike this way, and they sent him around also by Centreville. He saw lights of camp along the road for a distance, as he judged, of 2 miles from the point where he was stopped toward Fairfax. Heard it was Jackson's force. Lieutenant Schermerhorn, of the Twenty-first New York, and escaped prisoner, also saw the force between the Little River pike and Warrenton pike, and thinks it was the principal body of the enemy. All these persons are ordered to report at your headquarters, and a careful examination may be advantageous.

J. D. COX,

[Brigadier-General.]

