
UPTON'S HILL, VA.,

September 3, 1862 - 4.35 p. m.

GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding:

Lieutenant Byron Schermerhorn, Company D, Twenty-first New York Volunteers, has just arrived, having made his escape from the enemy. He reports the main rebel army as lying on the Little River pike, about 4 miles from Fairfax Court-House. Last night they received orders to cook three days' rations. their artillery train is said to be very large. The wagon train is parked near the position of the troops, in rear. The soldiers all speak of marching to Washington.

JNumbers P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

ALEXANDRIA, September 3, 1862 - 9.45 a. m.

President LINCOLN:

Since the abandonment of Fairfax we are cut off from all sources of information. We are not operating any portion of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, but are preparing to send supplies by the Loudoun and Hampshire Railroad. Everything quiet about Alexandria. No firing heard. I would send out an engine if there was prospect for obtaining information thereby, but there is none.

H. HAUPT.
HEADQUARTERS THIS CORPS,Washington, September 3, 1862 - 11.30 a. m.

Major CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Please place our troops with the left, on the river, and extending as far as Sedgwick's division did. get in the reports and requisition for the supplies and equipments they want.

General McClellan will be down in a few hours; meet him at the telegraph office.

General Franklin has some orders for me; get them and act on them. If anything more is wanted, telegraph to me at 275 H street.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., September 3, 1862 - 10 a. m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

Under instructions, I have just arrived. from the commencement of the retreat of the army on Little river turnpike, nothing happened to check the retreat. We received and gave a few shells at Fairfax Court-House and this side of there. My command consists of Couch's division, Patrick's and Hinks' brigades, and Bayard's cavalry, with the exception of a portion of the latter. This corps is awaiting orders.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

