
CAMP NEAR FORT ALBANY,

September 3, [1862] - 7 a. m.

General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac, Washington:

The Eighth Illinois reported to General Cox last evening, according to orders. The Eighth Pennsylvania I have ordered to this camp. Yesterday ten companies of the Sixth Cavalry and ambulance train of my brigade disembarked, and are now in camp. There are only four companies of the First Cavalry to arrive to complete the Second Brigade.

Please mention to the general that I went to Upton's Hill last evening with a squadron, as directed, and followed him beyond Falls Church. My detention was due to the roads being blocked up by troops and wagons coming in toward Alexandria.

The ground I have selected is very good for camping cavalry, but trains are constantly stopping upon it. Cannot these teams be ordered elsewhere?

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

SEPTEMBER 3, [1862] - 8.20 a. m.

General. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff, Washington:

At 4.30, my squadron in front of Langley reports between Scott's Run and difficult Creek, at Spring Vale and Dranesville, considerable numbers of the enemy's cavalry are said to be stationed. Numbers of Union men are coming into our lines form that direction, and report the impression is that the enemy is going to cross the Potomac at Walker's Landing. The river is forded there very easily, and artillery can be taken over, the bottom being hard. A great number of wagons were heard going in that direction yesterday. No enemy is reported on the Langley and Vienna road.

A. PLEASONTON.

ARLINGTON, VA.,

September 3, 1862 - 9 p. m.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Sears reports that he has, this evening, placed the pickets at Padgett's Tavern, within 2 miles of the rebel pickets. A rebel captain and lieutenant delivered to this 70 paroled prisoners. They report rebels in force between Annandale and Fairfax Court-House. Arrangements have been made with Generals Cox and Woodbury to form communications by patrol on each side, General Woodbury having a strong picket at Olivet Chapel.

A. W. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

EDWARDS FERRY, VA.,

September 3, 1862 - 1.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

If possible, send me one or two pieces of artillery, as they are needed at this point at present. I crossed over the river this morning. Saw

