
BALTIMORE, MD., September 3, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

From Colonel Miles: Jackson, it is said, is outflanking Pope, and his army is within 7 miles of Leesburg. He further says that Captain Cole reports that he was attacked by at least 800 cavalry. I presume this was in Loudoun County. Captain Means and his company broke and ran.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, September 3, 1862.

Major-General WOOL:

The Twelfth New York State Militia are greatly dissatisfied at not being discharged. I recommend to let them go.

D. S. MILES,

Colonel Second Infantry.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA.,

September 3, 1862 - 8.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Brigadier-General White, with his command, arrived here from Winchester late this afternoon. All my troops from Winchester road are here. Report from Point of Rocks says the enemy's cavalry is in Hillborough and Lovettsville. A paroled prisoner form Leesburg says he saw infantry and artillery there this morning, and was told it was a division of 12,000 men; that their pickets extended to Ball's Bluff.

D. S. MILES,

Colonel Second Infantry.

WHEELING, VA., September [October?] 3, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

It is of the utmost importance that about eight regiments be sent to Clarksburg, that the rebels on Kanawha may be attacked via Louisville and the Gauley. They have 10,000 troops and 40 cannon at Charleston, working and transporting salt east.

F. H. PEIRPOINT.
HEADQUARTERS,Washington, D. C., September 4, [1862] - 12.30 p. m.

(Received 1.45 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commander-in-Chief:

GENERAL: Banks' corps is on the march, per Rockville, Poolesville, &amp;c., to watch and check the enemy should be attempt to cross the Potomac below the Point of Rocks.

Sumner is in position near Tennallytown. Couch's division is probably by this time concentrated at Chain Bridge.

Have ordered more cavalry and a battery to Edwards Ferry. The troops are being rested and refitted, as well as circumstances will permit. No time has been lost in doing this. I am not quite well enough

