
taken prisoners yesterday morning on the Fairfax road, and in the afternoon sent to Dranesville, and brought over Difficult Bridge at sunset. The enemy's advanced pickets, on the Leesburg and George-town turnpike, are three-fourths of a mile this side of Difficult Creek. This picket is 15 men strong. At the bridge on Difficult Creek there is a regiment of Mississippi cavalry, called the Jeff. Davis Legion. The paroled infantrymen say they saw three regiments of cavalry, and the rebels told them they were 15,000 strong, under Stuart and Hampton. The rebels marched from the Alexandria turnpike to Dranesville, by a church, the Southern Church, above Young's toll-gate, and took the road by Jackson's Mill into the Georgetown turnpike. Difficult Creek is nearly 3 miles from Scott's Run. Spring Vale is nearly 4 miles beyond Difficult Creek. Dranesville is 2 miles beyond Spring Vale. Hale heard nothing yet from scouts in the direction of Fairfax or Vienna.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

FALLS CHURCH, VA.,

September 4, 1862 - 1.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General MARCY, Chief of Staff:

The squadron on the Vienna road reports the enemy to be approaching from that direction in some force. Had 1 man badly wounded in skirmish. There is also a force of the Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, under the lieutenant-colonel, on same road. My own opinion is, the enemy is only making a show of force to conceal his movements on the Upper Potomac. Please let me have the horse batteries promised as soon as they can be spared.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Hall's Hill, Va., September 4, 1862 - 4.30 p. m.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

General Morell reports as follows, from Minor's Hill:

The enemy has commenced an attack upon our pickets with artillery, infantry, and cavalry. I am going to the front. Cannot you have telegraph pushed to Vanderwerken's to-night?

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Hall's Hill, Va., September 4, 1862 - 9.30 p. m.

General MARCY:

Chaplain [E. P.] Walton, of Fifth Virginia Regiment, Jackson's forces, was brought just now from my picket line, having been taken making his way to his rebel friends. He states he was captured near Gainesville and sent in, but not being a prisoner of war, was released to be returned. He has a pass from General Wadsworth, dated September 2, to go in direction of Manassas. Thinking it not prudent that at this time he should be permitted to pass direct to the enemy, I have retained him, and ask for instructions.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

