HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Hall's Hill, Va., September 4, 1862 - 9.30 p. m.

General R. B. MARCY:

The picket line for the troops was established yesterday on its old line, running from Barret's to Kerley [Kirby's]. No picket on the right or left could be found till to-day. Those on the left are not out far enough, and at present do not connect now on the right. I respectfully suggest that a staff officer be sent along our lines, to establish the picket lines and the proper connections between corps. I also suggest that the point hence to langley is too far for me to guard with my small corps. I also request that the point hence to Langley is too far for me to guard with my small corps. I also request that some cavalry may be assigned me, for patrol and messenger purposes connected with the outposts. Stragglers from every corps line the roads, and I would suggest that cavalry patrols be sent upon them, to notify these men how to find their regiments, and to stop the fast driving of teamsters, now breaking down their animals.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WASHINGTON, D. C.,No. 1. September 4, 1862.

Reynolds' division, at present serving with McDowell's corps, will at once rejoin Porter's corps, relieving Ricketts' division at Hall's Hill.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

[S. WILLIAMS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

POINT OF ROCKS, September 4, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL, Baltimore:

The captain commanding at Edwards Ferry reports the enemy in view, draw up at Ball's Bluff. Messenger Justin; in what strength does not say. John Seiber, just from Leesburg, reports that enemy have been passing through Leesburg since 12 o'clock last night up the pike toward Winchester, under command of Longstreet; that their force is a very large one. The men were worn out and hungry, and said they were going over the river into Maryland. He said he counted sixty pieces of artillery. Captain Means has just got here. He knows Seiber, and says he is perfectly reliable. Captain Bamford, of the Maryland regiment, also knows him to be a Union man and reliable.

HENRY B. BANNING,

Colonel Seventy-eighth Ohio Volunteer Militia.

CAMDEN STATION,

Baltimore, Md., September 4, 1862 - 11.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Colonel Miles telegraphs, at 10.12 this p. m., that Colonel Banning, at Point of Rocks, states that the enemy, 30,000 strong, has passed below Point of Rocks. It is also reported that their cavalry are at Opequon,

