
HARPER'S FERRY, September 4, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL, Baltimore:

Your dispatch received. In reply, I must most respectfully but earnestly urge that my command be sent home on Saturday next at very latest. It is, as before urged, of the utmost importance, to enable me to control my regiment, that a day should be named for their return. A few days is too indefinite. Please answer, naming the day when they will be sent home.

W. G. WARD,

Colonel Twelfth New York State Militia.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, September 4, 1862.

Colonel DIXON S. MILES,

Commanding at Harper's Ferry:

COLONEL: I have received your dispatch* stating that the report about the advance of the enemy, as before reported, is unfounded. I understand that Winchester has been abandoned without the approach or presence of an enemy, and that it has not been occupied by the rebels. Answer immediately.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] WASHINGTON, September 5, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The President has directed that General Pope be relieved and report to War Department; that Hooker be assigned to command of Porter's corps, and that Franklin's corps be temporarily attached to Heintzelman's. The orders will be issued this afternoon. Generals Porter and Franklin are to be relieved from duty till the charges against them are examined. I give you this memorandum in advance of the orders, so that you may act accordingly in putting forces in the field.

Very respectfully,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, September 5, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN, Commanding, &c.:

I think there can now be no doubt that the enemy are crossing the Potomac in force, and that you had better dispatch General Sumner and additional forces to follow. If you agree with me, let our troops move immediately.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

ARLINGTON, September 5, 1862 - 12.05 p. m.

General MARCY:

Your order to have my command ready to march with three days' rations received. Please inform me what is my command, and where it is. General McClellan has ordered my troops to take post at various

---------------

* See Miles to Halleck and Wool, September 4, 12 m., p. 180.

---------------

