
front, and as I do not know the roads, I shall have to wait for morning before placing force. The Jersey regiment is on the Leesburg pike with General Patrick, 100 strong. The Pennsylvania cavalry, 200 strong, on the Columbia pike. The Rhode Island, 450 strong, I shall take over to Minor's Hill, and hold the Harris Light, 400, in reserve near Upton's Hill. They will be posted by the earliest light.

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS KANAWHA DIVISION,Upton's Hill, Va., September 5, 1862 - 1.25 p. m.

A. V. COLUBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Cavalry scouts on the Leesburg pike road seeing a picket of 4 cavalry men on Court-House Hill at 8 o'clock this morning. Four miles out on Fairfax road from Falls Church no pickets seen, but bugles heard. Infantry and artillery are reported as moving off last night. Two regiments of cavalry remaining within 3 miles of Falls Church last night, and moving off this morning.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT LYON, September 5, 1862 - 1 p.m .

Major-General HEINTZELMAN, Washington:

You are ordered to hold your command in readiness to march with three days' rations. General Hooker is still here in command, so that I cannot issue any orders until you arrive.

CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LYON, VA., September 5, 1862.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch to General Heintzelman has been presented to me.* It is my duty to report that Kearny's and my division are in no condition to march, and, from their great losses in battle, are in no condition to engage the enemy. I have lost all of my valuable officers, and what my division did not lose on James river was destroyed in our late detour into the country. Kearny's is not much better. All of my batteries, I am informed, have been ordered elsewhere; they are not with me.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

SUGAR LOAF MOUNTAIN, MD.- 9 a. m.,

Via Frederick, Md. - 3.30 p. m.

(Received September 5, 1862 - 6.25 p. m.)

Major-General BANKS,

Commanding Second Corps, Army of Virginia:

The enemy crossed the Potomac at Noland's Ferry last evening. Pickets of Maulsby's regiment stationed at the aqueduct. After firing

---------------

* Not found. But see McKeever to Heintzelman, above.

---------------

