
be re-established. Mine is at Barret's. His commences at the railroad depot at Falls Church, thus exposing all the roads toward Fairfax to the possession of the enemy, and permitting him to come in and cut behind me before detection. One man was shot in this way to-day. I have asked General McDowell to re-establish the old lines, but I think a staff officer should be sent to do it. The commanding officer on picket says the enemy have been making much noise with one piece to-day, by running it about over the roads, as if trying to create the impression he was going to do something. He says the cavalry are badly posted. One of them was shot to-day.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

HALL'S HILL,

September 5, 1862 - 12 midnight.

General McDOWELL:

My picket line is now formed, and the left rests on Barret's Hill. Yours commences at the railroad depot, and runs down the pike toward Falls Church and then courses. The enemy to-day came in by Klock's and can come down the dirt road and cut in behind me unobserved. May I request of you to re-establish the old picket line of last winter, connecting with mine on the pike at Barret's Hill? If we do not hold the latter we may as well retire to Falls Church, and I shall be compelled to draw in my left. The troops now picketing on this part of your line are new, and a staff officer knowing the ground must make the connection.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

DARNESTOWN, MD.,

September 5, 1862 - 9.30 p. m.

Major General N. P. BANKS:

I have just returned from Barnesville; found the enemy's pickets there. Enemy reported to have crossed the river at Monocacy, 30,000 strong. Enemy at Poolesville and Sugar Loaf.

W. W. ROWLEY,

Signal Officer.

POOLESVILLE, MD.,

September 5, 1862 - 1.50 a. m.

Colonel L. C. BAKER,

277 Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington, D. C.:

A captain of the First Michigan Cavalry reports the rebels crossing the Potomac in considerable numbers at 11 p. m., at the mouth of the Monocacy Creek. Have taken several prisoners and killed 4 or 5. Were building a bridge for their artillery to cross. Will report more fully to-morrow. Our forces, only 400 or 500, are ready to march from Edwards Ferry. When will they be-enforced? I saw clouds of dust between Dranesville and Leesburg, and suppose the rebels or baggage train must have occasioned it. They were moving toward Leesburg.

W. P. THOMPSON.

