
will suspend the operation of the order in regard to Franklin and Porter until I can see my way out of this difficulty. I wish to move Franklin's corps to the front at once. To prevent a change in Burnside's command whiled on the march, I would urgently recommend that Hooker be assigned to McDowell's corps. The Secretary told me he would cheerfully agree to anything of this kind that met your approval, and I really feel it necessary for me to ask for these things at once.

Very truly, yours,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, September 6, 1862.

General D. P. WOODBURY,

Commanding Engineer Brigade:

I understand from General Marcy that you, at my request, have been places in engineering charge over the Eastern Branch, or command I do not know how the order is made out, but it can be arranged either way you prefer. that line requires to be made as defensible as possible, in view of possible early attack. Mr. Gunell is having woods cleared in front of Forts Meigs, Baker, &amp;c. I could wish the interval between Forts Meigs and Mahan, and Fort Mahan and the bridge, better obstructed. That side of attack would hardly be chosen, unless with the expectation of seizing the bridges before we could destroy them.

I hope you will take up the mater with interest, as this is the time of you need.

Yours, &c.,

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, September 6, 1862.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: As has been reported on several occasions, by memorandum or otherwise, to the commanding general, there is an immense deal of work to be done to make our defensive lines north of the Potomac respectably strong. Large areas of timber must be felled, several new works built, and, in addition, a connecting series of rifle-pits is desirable.

The new regiments recently assigned to army corps, by Special Orders, Numbers 3, have been got into position with a view to this work. Colonel Haskin's letter of this date will show how they are employed. Several have been specially assigned to the forts, and have made great progress as gunners. Others have been put where wood-cutting was needed.

The order will materially retard the progress of these operations.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, September 6, 1862.

Major-General HEINZELMAN:

The commanding general directs that you at once order Major-General Hooker to proceed to Upton's Hill, and assume command of

