HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS,Near Arlington, Va., September 6, 1862 - 7.30 a.m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

As directed in your telegram of 5th instant, I send the following; The strength of King's division is 7,357 officers and men, of whom 699 are sick; Ricketts' division is 5,088, of whom 499 are sick; Reynolds' division, 4,047. No return of the cavalry brigade, composed of five skeleton regiments, has yet come to hand. General McDowell is absent for a movement form camp.

ED. SCHIRVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

NEAR ROCKVILLE, MD., September 6, 1862.

General R. B. MARCY:

I am in position with Banks' and my own corps on strong ground. I have heard nothing from the front for the last two hours. They (the enemy) cannot be advancing or I must have heard of it. I think it too late for them to make an attack to-night, if they intends doing so at all. General Couch reports all quiet.

E. V. SUMNER,

Major-General.

CAMP NEAR ROCKSVILLE, MD.,

September 6, 1862.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff:

A spy, in whom I have confidence, has just returned from Poolesville. He reports the enemy has passed Poolesville, and has taken the directing of Frederick. From the best information he could obtain, he estimates their force at about 50,000.

E. V. SUMNER,

Major-General.

AQUIA, VA., September 6, 1862 - 7.30 a. m.

General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE:

All the engines and valuable property are on board of transports. The cars cannot be removed. I have them on the dock. I propose setting them on fire, destroying cars, wharf, and buildings. shall I destroy everything? The rebel scouts are all around us. I have had all the troops fall back to this point, and will have them and all the good commissary stores on board within tow hours. The rebels captured 7 of the Vermont cavalry and 3 stragglers from my regiment yesterday evening.

THOS. WELSH,

Colonel.

WASHINGTON, September 6, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS WELSH, Aquia:

If the cars and remaining property can be destroyed without destroying

