
COUCH'S DIVISION.

122nd New York.

116th Pennsylvania.*

139th Pennsylvania.

* * 		*		*		*		*		*

XVII. Major General Joseph Hooker is assigned to the command of the Third Corps, Army of Virginia, lately commanded by Major-General McDowell. He will assume command immediately.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

September 6, 1862 - 1.15 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

The following telegram just received from Mr. Diffey, supervisor of trains, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, dated Plane No. 4:

Just returned from within half a mile of Monocacy Bridge. Was informed at Monrovia to keep a good lookout. We felt our way with engine to near Reel's Mill, where I left engine and car and started afoot. when within about a half a mile of the bridge I met Joel riggs, foreman of repairs, who was sent by Mr. Mantz to meet me, and to say that the enemy were advancing to Frederick in large force, by the Georgetown road, and that 5,000 had then passed, and still more were following, as far as they could see. Telegraph lines are cut at the east end of the bridge. Mooney, operator at Monocacy, taken to Frederick a prisoner. they are very quiet and orderly. Many barefoot and clothes much worn out. This information is correct. After meeting Riggs, I deemed it prudent to return and not venture any farther. I have way-trains here, and will send mail-train back from Monrovia.

The above telegram was addressed to Mr. Smith, master of transportation, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. I have no force in this city to meet the rebels.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 6, 1862.

General CULLUM, Chief of Staff:

I reported my arrival at Harper's Ferry to General Halleck, and shortly afterward I received orders from Major-General Wool to repair to this post, leaving my command and some six other regiments, under Colonel Miles, at Harper's Ferry, very much to my astonishment and regret. I respectfully ask to be restored to my command, if consistent with the public interests.

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

* Assigned, September 7, to the Defenses of Washington.

---------------

