
I was ordered by R. B. Marcy, chief of staff, to demand of Captain Langholz his reasons for abandoning his posts and crossing into Maryland without orders, which I did, and submit this answer, through you, in his own words, viz:

My command had no forage or rations for three days; the horses must be shod, and as the infantry was ordered to fall back to Maryland, I could not get anything there for my command.

A. H. LANGHOLZ,

Captain Company B, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry Regiment.

I will only add that forage and rations were to be had at this post and could have been forwarded to any point on the railroad, if requested, and that the regimental quartermaster at this post has Captain Langholz' requisition and receipt for forage and rations up to the 4th instant.

On Tuesday evening, the 7th instant orders from R. B. Marcy, chief of staff, to withdraw my command to Hancock. The order was countermanded by General Averell on Wednesday, the 8th instant, as it appeared to have been issued upon a misapprehension of facts telegraphed by General Kelley, and I now occupy the same positions on the rad as when I last reported to you, except the posts at Paw Paw and Little Cacapon, which are vacant.

The capture of Companies B and K of my regiment, as so weakened my command that I have not men enough to guard the road properly, and the companies, in their isolated positions, can offer but a feeble resistance to the enemy, when attacked by a large office.

Captain Suter, of Company A, Fifty-fourth Regiment, stationed at South Branch, immediately proceeded, on Sunday, 5th instant, to repair the telegraphed wire, which was completed on Sunday night. The railroad bridge at Little Cacapon has been repaired, and trains will run to-day, both the telegraphed and railroad being in working order as far east as Cherry Run.

I am, general most respectfully, your obedient,

J. M. CAMPBELL,

Colonel Fifty-fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Major-General FRANKLIN,

Sixth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIFTY-FOURTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,Sir John's Run, Va., October 13, 1862.

GENERAL: I inclose with this the statement of First Asst. Surg.

Andrew W. Mathews, and the deposition of Private John J. Spangler, of Company B, both of the Fifty-fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, in relation to the surrender of Company B (Captain John H. Hite), of the same regiment, stationed at Paw Paw, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, on the 4 the instant, to the rebel, under the command of Colonel Imboden.

The statement of Surgeon Mathews in connection with the deposition of Private Spangler, is all the positive information I have been able to obtain, they being the only persons present connected with the military who were not carried off by Colonel Imboden, but it leaves little to be added.

From the statement of Surgeon Mathews, it appears that Captain Hite was warned by the firing at Little Cacapon (3 miles distant) that the enemy was near him. More than hour afterward he had informa

