
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., September 7, 1862.

Governor CURTIN, Harrisburg:

Your telegram of this date has been placed in the hands of the General-in-Chief for such action as the exigency in his opinion may require. The attention of the military authorities is clearly directed to the movements of the enemy, and every effort will be made to overcome him.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, September 7, 1862.

ANDREW G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania, Harrisburg, Pa.:

GOVERNOR: Your dispatch has been received. I have no forces at my disposal with which to re-enforce any point. I have instructed General White to defend himself to the last extremity. No forces have appeared in the neighborhood of Martinsburg, except a small force of about 200, a few of whom were killed and a few taken prisoners. As to the number of troops that have arrived at Frederick there are conflicting reports. Several reports say there are 30,000. The last report from Harper's Ferry states that the forces that appeared at the Point of Rocks had recrossed to Virginia, and that General Hill was fortifying himself at a point 5 miles from Berlin, on the opposite side of the river. I have sent out to ascertain, and shall be able to inform you in the course of the morning if the rumors are true. I do not doubt but that a rebel force has crossed, and is in the neighborhood of Frederick, but how large it is impossible to say from reports received. What they have done at Washington, or intend to do, I am unable to say.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

HARRISBURG, September 7, 1862-5 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Our information is that Jackson occupies Frederick in force, and is preparing to move north. We are organizing militia and arming to meet him. I suggest that, if possible, you send some artillery to this valley, and stop battery which will be here from Chambersburg at 7 o'clock this evening, en route for Baltimore.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 7, 1862-7.30 p. m.

Governor CURTIN, Harrisburg:

You are authorized to detain the battery mentioned in your telegram just received. I will immediately consult Generals Halleck and McClellan in respect to sending you more artillery and troops. It is now more than probable the enemy will be struck long before they can reach Harrisburg.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

