
twenty-four hours, if desired, and provided no serious accident should interfere. This number of men would be reduced in proportion to the number of horses required to be taken, and if latter should be 2,000 it would reduce number of men we could carry to 20,000. We can take fifty or sixty pieces of artillery, with their usual accompaniment, besides the men named, if required. It will only be necessary that the troops should load and unload the cars quickly, and in such numbers to each car as we designate. This movement can be extended by using Government cars at Alexandria and those roads north of Baltimore as may be required. Elysville is mentioned because it is the point on our line, 21 miles from Baltimore and 44 from Washington, ba rail, at which our forces are still posted for protection of two important iron bridges over Patapsco. We are not yet advised of any injury whatever to our roads. It will, therefore, be a purely military question as to what extent beyond Elysville the road should be used. We have no advices thus far as of any west of Frederick County. We received a dispatch at 10 last night from Berlin, 5 miles east of Harper's Ferry, via Wheeling and Pittsburgh, to effect that our troops at Point of Rocks had fallen back to that place as a precaution. This shows that at the hour sending the dispatch in question the line was free, except near the Monocacy, where wires were cut yesterday morning at 10 o'clock.

J. W. GARRETT,

President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

PHILADELPHIA, PA., September 7, 1862-12 m.

(Received 2.40 a. m., September 8.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Would it not be well to send at least one brigade of good disciplined troops to Harrisburg, and then concentrate new forces from all the Eastern States at that point as rapidly as possible until an army sufficient in number to effect good results is organized there? This army to be commanded by some reliable and competent officer from the Army of the Potomac, and to act in concert with McClellan. The latest news in Baltimore this evening indicates the intention of enemy to visit Pennsylvania within the next few days.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

NEAR ROCKVILLE, MD.,

September 8, 1862-11.20 a. m. (Received 12 m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Everything quiet in front last accounts. Franklin has reached Muddy Branch. Sykes, Sumner, and Banks near here. Burnside and Hooker move to day to Brookville. Pleasonton will advance his cavalry to Barnesville, Hyattstown, Damascus, Unity, &amp;c. We have cavalry at Poolesville. No enemy at Edwards Ferry; I think they are beyond the Monocacy. Couch will remain at Offutt's until I ascertain whether there is any large force at Dranesville, which I hope to know any moment.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

14 R R-VOL XIX, PT II

