
WASHINGTON, D. C. September 8, 1862-1.05 p. m.

Major-General McCLELLAN, Rockville, Md.:

General Marcy informed me this morning that Bayard's cavalry had scouted to Dranesville, and no enemy there. It is reported that they have gone to Leesburg to cross. If so, it seems to me that a sufficient number of your forces to meet the enemy should move rapidly forward, leaving a reserve in reach of you and Washington at the same time. If General Marcy has not telegraphed, he has probably sent an aide with dispatches.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

September 8, 1862-5 p. m.

Major-General McCLELLAN, Rockville, Md.:

How does it look now?

A. LINCOLN.

ROCKVILLE, MD.,

September 8, 1862-5.30 p. m.

His Excellency President LINCOLN:

In reply to your dispatch of 5 o'clock this p. m., I have the honor to state that General Pleasonton, at 4.20 p. m., reports from Dawsonville that his advance, within 3 miles of Poolesville, was fired on by artillery, the shells passing over them; also, that infantry were moving out of the woods in force at that point. He also heard the command under Colonel Farnsworth, near Poolesville, was fired on by artillery, but heard no report form Colonel Farnsworth. I do not think, from the tenor of General Pleasonton's dispatches, that any great force was seen, but he guards every approach carefully, and will keep me fully advised. I will inform you of everything of importance that occurs. Burnside will be at Mechanicsville to-night. While I am writing, another dispatch from General Pleasonton, dated 5.15 p. m., says Colonel Farnsworth has occupied Poolesville after a skirmish, in which the rebels brought up one gun. Ours soon silenced it, and they retreated toward Barnesville, where there is some force-not over 800. Six prisoners were taken, and some others wounded. Two squadrons are in pursuit toward Barnesville, and have killed some of the rebels. Our loss only 2 or 3 wounded.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Rockville, Md., September 8, 1862-6.15 p. m.

H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

You will see my dispatch in reply to the President's, which embraces all the news I have been able to get from the front up to this time. I am inclined to think that if the enemy are in very great force on this side of the Potomac, they are above the Monocacy. Have you anything from Colonel Miles to day? If it is practicable, I would recommend that Colonel Miles be required to report at least twice every day; this is highly important in connection with our own operations in this direction.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

