
BROOKVILLE, MD.,

September 8, 1862-6.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, and Major-General McCLELLAN:

I have established my headquarters at this place to night. Two divisions of General Reno's corps will be in position to night at Cracklinton and Goshen, with instructions to hold Seneca Bridge. A regiment of cavalry is at Unity, with instructions to picket Triadelphia and Cooksville, and I have ordered a squadron to cross the pike and railroad and move up in the direction of Franklinville and Liberty. I am inclined to think we are bearing too much to the left, but will be able to speak more positively to-morrow. Our men are in better condition than when they left Washington. Hooker's corps is improving.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Washington, September 8, 1862.

Major General FITZ JOHN PORTER,

Fort Corcoran:

General McClellan wishes me to ascertain from you and General Bayard what you know about Dranesville. He will probably remain at Rockville to-day to get definite information on this point. Can you send this to General Bayard? I have only two orderlies, and they are done up.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 8, 1862.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Rockville:

General Woodbury's pontoon train is ready, except horses, which he cannot get for two or three days. What orders for the train? An officer will call here in the morning to get them. Where is Buford's cavalry brigade? Nobody can find it or General Buford. What news?

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS,Washington, September 8, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel A. S. WEBB,

Headquarters Fifth Corps, Fort Corcoran:

I have just heard of the stray brigade of Buford on the Washington and Alexandria road, 2 miles this side of the latter place. General Buford's headquarters are said to be on the left-hand side of the road, but it also said he himself leaves for Rockville. Send anything for General Porter here.

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

