
just received. The cavalry at Carlisle have already been furnished with sabers and pistols, which are all that are needed for scouting, but since you request carbines, they shall be furnished at once.

EDWIN M. STANTON.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Rockville, Md., September 8, 1862-9 p. m.

His Excellency Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg:

My information about the enemy comes from unreliable sources, and it is vague and conflicting. This army is in position to move against the rebels, whatever their may be. If they intend an advance toward your State, I shall act with all possible vigor. I can scarcely believe that such is their purpose. I shall use every effort to ascertain the actual state of the facts, and trust that you will do whatever you can in the same direction, and that you will keep me advised of whatever you may learn. It would be well for you to push investigations toward Frederick as far as possible.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

HARRISBURG, PA.,

September 8, 1862-10.10 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I shall to-morrow, unless otherwise advised by you, call out the militia of the State, and mass as many men as possible here, to operate as may be best. Would it not be well to leave the two New York regiments here as a nucleus of the organization? It is now a matter of great doubt whether communication with Washington will not be interrupted before any more forces from here could be passed through. In case communication should be interrupted, what shall be done with forces reaching here and Philadelphia from the East? Shall they be massed in Pennsylvania? Answer explicitly. I shall be ready to perform any duty that may be required of me in such an emergency.

A. G. CURTIN.

HARRISBURG, September 8, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

You can rely on the following dispatch, just received by me, which I repeat to you:

CHAMBERSBURG, September 7-11.30 p. m.

Governor CURTIN:

Telegraph operator at Hagerstown reports he is reliably informed that 5,000 rebel troops are marching on Hagerstown. He was about to leave, but has agreed to stay until he hears further. The train has been ordered away, and will be here shortly. I am going out to post the remnant of Murphy's regiment on picket duty on leading avenues approaching town. If any movement is to be made to defend the valley, no time should be lost. There is not a soldier in Hagerstown, and they have no pickets. This may magnify reports greatly, but the rebels are doubtless advised that Hagerstown is entirely undefended, and will pretty certainly move on it. I will return in an hour or two, and if anything important transpires will advise you.

A. K. McCLURE.

I have other dispatches from Colonel McClure, received earlier this evening, which corroborate one above repeated. He and others who

