
have been sent there to procure information have no doubt that the rebels are in large force at and in Frederick. I suggest that the battery returned here from York, by your order, be sent forward, together with the troops we have at this point, and that an officer be sent at once to take command of the line of the State. We could at least hold the rebels in check until the forces which you have now in motion reach the Upper Potomac, which must soon become the theater of active hostilities.

A. G. CURTIN.

HARRISBURG, PA., September 8, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

We have here about five regiments of green troops, which we are about forwarding for the defense of the border. Without large additional force this effort on our part will be wholly unavailable. Any number of regiments that can be spared from Washington and Baltimore could be advantageously employed. I would suggest that General Andrew Porter, being now here, be placed in command of all troops about being sent forward for this place.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

September 8, 1862-4.30 p. m.

Governor CURTIN, Harrisburg:

Your telegram just received. We have no troops in Washington or Baltimore to send to Harrisburg, it being supposed that the best defense of Harrisburg is to strengthen the force now marching against the enemy under General McClellan.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, September 8, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES COOPER, Hanover:

Since my communication to you, information has reached the Department that there are at Cumberland 1,500 paroled prisoners of our own troops, released by the rebels and forwarded there. It is important they should be taken command of and moved to Columbus, Ohio, and there placed in camp until exchanged. You will, therefore, proceed immediately to Cumberland and take charge of them, and transport them to Columbus, where you will receive specific instructions. Transportation will be ordered. You will make the necessary requisitions for subsistence, and prevent straggling and desertion. Please acknowledge this order.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HANOVER, PA., September 8, 1862.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

Order this moment received. I leave for Cumberland, via Harrisburg, be next train. Information received here that the rebels are at Sir John's Run, moving toward Cumberland.

JAMES COOPER,

Brigadier-General.

