
intervals of a few seconds, seemingly in the direction of Company K, which was posted about 3 miles distant, as you are aware. I was led to suppose the company was attacked and also remarked to Captain Hite's brother in-law, who was present, that there should be a squad of ment sent to see. He made the remark. "There might be a strong force." After waiting a few minutes, I said, if no one else would go, I would, and ordered my colored man to saddle my mare, which he did, and I mounted and rode slowly up the railroad to the spring, which is about 400 yards from Company K's quarters. From this point I could see the smoke from the burning bridge and camp, which were both on fire. But not yet satisfied, I crossed the river, and rode up the tow-path, almost opposite their quarters; but, as there was a dense fog, and many brushes along the river bank, I could not see much; but, while sitting on my nag, a man plunged across the river, a little above me, and was dodging through the bushes. I hallowed to him, what was the matter?

He said Company K was taken. "Are three any wounded?" "Five." was his reply. I then interrogated him as to the number of the rebel force which he supposed to be 500. I then rode quickly back to Paw Paw, and gave the information to Company B. They got into their rifle-pit, and there remained for two or three hours before the rebels came upon them. From the time their advance guard made their appearance until they formed in line of battle, before our rifle-pit, half an hour at least passed away.

If Captain Hite did not intend to fight, he had ample time to get away, I having given the company correct information of what was going on at the other company, and, in fact, made the rebel number greater than in was. There were, I judge, only about 80 to 100 cavalry, and about 150 to 200 infantry when attacking Company B, a portion of them having kept back with Company K's prisoners, so I was informed afterward.

My position was taken about 500 yards, or a little more, distant, on Paw Paw Ridge, where i could see. The rebels drawn up in line of battle, about 300 or 400 yards distant from the rifle-pit, from which position they carried their flag of up in-front of our men. The officers surrendered the company without firing a gun. There was not officers surrendered the company without firing a gun. There was not a gun discharged on either side.

From previous conversation had with Captain Hite, I was led to believe he would not fight if attacked,a nd had so expressed myself to one of the men of his company.

ANDREW W. MATHEWS,

Assistant Surgeon Fifty-fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Vols.

Colonel J. M. CAMPBELL,

Commanding Fifty-fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Vols.

Numbers 5. Deposition of Private John J. Spangler, Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the capture of Union forces at Paw Paw Tunnel, October 4.

I was present at the surrender of Company B, at Paw Paw, on Saturday, October 4, 1862. The first notice of the approach of the enemy was about sunrise, on Saturday morning, when we heard the firing at Little Cacapon, about 3 miles up the railroad, where Captain Newhard, of our regiment, was stationed. We was the smoke arising from Little

