
ROCKVILLE, MD., September 9, 1862-9 p. m.

(Received 3.30 a. m., 10th.)

Major-General WOOL, Baltimore:

My troops to-night occupy the following positions, viz: Burnside at Cracklinton; Sumner's and Banks' corps at Middlebrook; Franklin at Darnestown; Couch at the mouth of Seneca Creek, and Sigel is on the other side of the Potomac, opposite Chain Bridge. Our cavalry had a smart skirmish with three regiments of rebel cavalry to-day, taking quite a number of prisoners, and killing and wounding others, among them 2 commissioned officers. Jackson's headquarters were at New Market to-day, and Stuart's at Urbana.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., September 9, 1862-11 a. m.

Major-General McCLELLAN, Rockville, Md.:

It is represented here that the wagons of regiments and brigades are unemployed, while requisitions on post quartermaster for transportation of supplies to your army cannot be filled. This evil should be remedied by Colonel Ingalls.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

ROCKVILLE, MD., September 9, 1862-11.45 a. m.

(Received 3.20 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army:

Your telegram of 11 a. m. received. You have been entirely misinformed. Every train belonging to this army is actively employed in bringing up supplies, except a very small number actually necessary to move camp. Some of the corps cannot even move their necessary baggage until their wagons return. Colonel Ingalls has given the subject his full attention, and you may rest assured that there neither has been nor will be any delay that can be prevented by these headquarters. The great trouble will be in the confusion necessarily existing at Washington under present circumstances. This, I doubt not, will be speedily remedied by General Meigs and Colonel Rucker. My cavalry are foraging that plan as far as circumstances render possible, both for forage and rations.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

ARLINGTON, September 9, 1862.

General McCLELLAN, Rockville:

The troops for the defense of the works intrusted to me are nearly all in position, and if all do their parts you need fear nothing for this portion of the line. General Heintzelman takes, to-morrow, command of all defense on this side of the Potomac.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

