
for escape from the penalties of straggling unless furnished with a written certificate of his sickness from the surgeon or assistant surgeon of the regiment. Sick men should in all cases be properly taken charge of by the medical officers of the regiments, that they may not be accused of straggling if really sick or wounded.

Each division should have a strong rear guard, behind which no straggler of whatever corps or regiment should be permitted to remain, unless the straggler's company is to the rear.

If the division have any cavalry with them, it will scour the country on the flanks; if not, then infantry flankers of the rear guards must perform that office. The bayonet must be used to insure obedience to these orders.

The inspector-general of corps should be especially active, to see that these instructions are executed.

Provost-marshals will send cavalry, where they have it, on all roads to their rear to hurry up all stragglers. No straggler should be permitted to halt until he has joined his proper regiment.

On all forks of roads, corps commanders should leave mounted men, if they have them; if not, footmen to remain during the passage of the corps, and come up with the rear guard, to show which way the troops have marched.

The provost-marshals of corps or divisions should take measures to occupy every dwelling in the vicinity of the line of march of the troops, and prevent any intrusion on the part of officers and men.

All damages to fences or crops, all marauding and trespassing will be prevented as far as possible. Marauders will be at once brought to trial by division commanders, and the sentence of death will be executed, if awarded by the court, with promptness and as publicly as possible.

Any officer of any regiment or corps whatever is authorized to order forward or arrest any straggler of any regiment in the army. Resistance to such exercise of authority will be at the risk of death.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, September 9, 1862.

Major-General BANKS, Commanding:

GENERAL: Major-General Heintzelman is placed by the President in command of all the troops for the defense of Washington south of the Potomac,* subject, however, to your general orders. General Heintzelman should be directed to establish his lines of battle, as well as the defenses of the forts, and to see that lines of communication be kept open in their rear, so that any point of attack can be readily re-enforced. Great care should be taken to establish outposts and pickets. Another point which requires immediate attention on both sides of the river is the picking up and organizing of stragglers. Special details should be made for this purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

*By Special Orders, Numbers 231, Par. III, Headquarters of the Army, of same date.

