HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON,September 9, 1862.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN, Fort Lyon:

By direction of the President, you will at once assume command of all the troops for the defense of Washington south of the Potomac, under the general order of the major-general commanding the Defenses of Washington. The General-in-Chief desires that you will establish your lines of battle in addition to the defenses of the works, and will see that lines of communication are kept open in their rear, so that any point of attack may be readily re-enforced. Great care should be taken to establish the outposts, and to have the picket service efficiently performed.

Please acknowledge.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Captain, Aide-de-camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

ROCKVILLE, MD.,

September 9, 1862-10 p. m. (Received 3.15 a. m., 10th.)

Major General N. P. BANKS:

I have heard to-day that Heintzelman has been placed in command of everything on the Virginia side of the river. I prefer not to have this done, unless there is some good reason for it. Please communicate with me before carrying this order into effect, giving me your reasons for the proposed change. Please recollect that I am still responsible for the defense of Washington, and that no change can be made in my arrangements without consulting me. I wish to give you the fullest latitude, but at the same time. I desire to be consulted as to any changes made in important commands. Please reply immediately. Suspend the operation of the order until you hear from me.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

September 9, 1862-10.10 a. m.

Governor CURTIN, Harrisburg:

Your telegram of last night in regard to your proposed military operations was referred to the General-in-Chief, for such directions as he might deem proper under circumstances. He will communicate with you.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARRISBURG, PA., September 9, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Please give me authority to use the regular cavalry and their officers at Carlisle Barracks, and such of the Anderson Troop as I may need, for immediate service in the valley. Instruct Captain Hastings to conform to my orders. I want to send the force under charge of Captain Palmer, Captain Hastings to provide subsistence and other supplies that they may need. I want to use them as scouts of the State line, as desired by General McClellan. Answer.

A. G. CURTIN.

