
WASHINGTON, D. C.,

September 9, 1862-11.15 a. m.

Governor CURTIN:

Your telegram respecting the troops in Carlisle Barracks will be answered by the General-in-Chief, to whom you will apply for instructions in relation to military operations.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARRISBURG, September 9, 1862-10.30 a. m.

Major-General McCLELLAN, Rockville, Md.:

Report from scouts at Hagerstown this morning says no rebels nearer than Middletown, 5 miles from Frederick. He has positive information, however, that Lieutenant-Colonel Brum [Burks?], of Stuart's cavalry, intends making a raid upon Hagerstown. Nothing from Martinsburg or Harper's Ferry. Road in both directions unprotected. We expect to reopen telegraph office at Hagerstown this evening, and will send about 400 cavalry from Carlisle to Hagerstown to-night, and patrol all that region to secure information.

A. G. CURTIN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 9, 1862.

Governor CURTIN, Harrisburg, Pa.:

It is not deemed advisable to assemble troops at so many different points. For the present we want all troops sent here. We can protect Harrisburg better from this vicinity than to weaken our force by leaving them there. Should our communications be cut off, of course, we cannot get them here. Under these circumstances, I cannot consent to the retention of troops at Harrisburg, nor can we spare any to send there at present.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HARRISBURG, PA.,

September 9, 1862. (Received 4 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

I have just received your message. You evidently do not understand my wishes on the subject. I want the regular cavalry, now at Carlisle garrison, and a portion of the Anderson Troop, in camp at that place, placed under my orders, to perform patrol duty at or near Hagerstown, to ascertain movements of the enemy, if any are made, and to quiet the alarm now existing among the people of the valley and along the border of the State. All the military organizations ready for the field have been sent forward to Washington. The force at Carlisle, which I want placed under my direction, is not performing any service. Can I have them? I know they can be made serviceable. Answer.

A. G. CURTIN.

