
immediately done to secure the safety of the city of Philadelphia; and whereas experience has proved that, however large the United States armies on the Potomac should be, it may be possible for rebel armies to elude them and keep on their way northward; and whereas the city of Philadelphia is at this time without defenses of any kind: Therefore,

Resolved, That application be immediately made to the Governor of the Commonwealth and the President of the United States for all the aid in troops, arms, and material of war which can be spared for the defense of Philadelphia; and that as the State has been stripped of organized troops to carry on the active operations of the campaign in Virginia, and the State government must, of course, now apply most of its energies to the prevention of a rebel invasion of the Susqueganna and Cumberland Valleys, where the danger is imminent, it is to the National Government especially that we now look for succor.

Resolved, That the President be requested to detail for service in Philadelphia some experienced general of the army, for the purpose of providing defenses, organizing and disciplining the militia, and otherwise securing our city against a sudden assault.

ALEXANDER HENRY,

Chairman.

THOMAS WEBSTER,

Vice-Chairman.

S. A. MERCER,

Treasurer.

LEWIS BLODGETT,

Secretary.

WASHINGTON, September 9, 1862.

THOMAS WEBSTER, Philadelphia:

Your dispatch received and referred to General Halleck, who must control the questions presented. While I am not surprised at your anxiety, I do not think you are in any danger. If half our troops were in Philadelphia, the enemy could take it, because he would not fear to leave the other half in his rear; but with the whole of them here, he dares not leave them in his rear.

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH CORPS,Camp near Baltimore, September 9, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

Received your dispatch two hours since.* Waiting for my scouts. They have come in. Major-Generals Lee and Stonewall Jackson, Brigadier-General Lee and [Major General D. H.] Hill are at Frederick, with a large force; some say the whole rebel army. They are in a position to take one of three or four roads, to Chambersburg, to Hagerstown, to Gettysburg, to Baltimore, or to recross the Potomac. General Burnside is not far from Cooksville, and Sigel is reported to be near Poolesville. Where the rebel army is going is more than I can conjecture. It appears to be concentrated, and it is thought it intends moving to-day. Our forces [ought] to be within reach of each other, or they may be beaten in detail. The rebels, it is said in knowing circles, are not coming to Baltimore. If they do, I will prevent their occupying the city of Baltimore longer than to pass through it. I would urge concentration of the forces of Burnside and Sigel. The position of the rebel army was communicated to me by General O'Donnell, of this city, who passed through their camps. The rebels had destroyed the Monocacy Bridge yesterday morning at 10 o'clock, and also the Monrovia Depot.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

*See McClellan to Halleck, 8.50 p. m., September 8, p. 212.

