
EUTAW HOUSE,

Baltimore, Md., September 9, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I have telegraphed Major-General McClellan that the rebel forces are in Frederick and the neighborhood, commanded by Major-Generals Lee and Stonewall Jackson, and Brigadier-Generals Lee and Hill. They have a large force, and some say the whole rebel army. I received this information from General O'Donnell, of this city. He says that he is a Union man, and was in Frederick yesterday. He said that General Lee's headquarters were about 5 miles from Frederick. The rebel portion is near the junction of four roads, which run to Chambersburg, Hagerstown, Baltimore, and Gettysburg. Major-General Burnside was near Cooksville, and Sigel near Poolesville. The Monocacy Bridge and Monrovia Depot were destroyed by the rebels yesterday.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

September 9, 1862-7.50 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

General McClellan says, by telegraph, that he learned from a gentleman just from Ellicott's Mills that the rebel pickets were seen at Woodbine. They had stopped the cars, and were coming on the turnpike and railroad to destroy railroad at the junction of Baltimore and Ohio Railroad at Relay House. Can you not send me at least one light battery to aid in protecting that bridge? I have only two light batteries that can be moved, not having horses for one recently organized in this city. The two batteries capable of being used are stationed on other roads. I, therefore, request at least one light battery, and at least two squadrons of cavalry. We ought to have the regiment I sent you the 13th of August. We have at least four roads by which the rebels could enter Baltimore. I am surprised that I have not heard from General Burnside.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

GAULEY, VA., September 9, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

It is evidently necessary that I should fall back to enable me to protect my flanks and rear, and, with the general's permission, I will take position on the Kanawha River, 12 miles above Charleston, embracing the Kanawha Salt-Works, and at the head of low-water navigation. In this event, what should I do with the bridge and such buildings as I cannot get away?

J. A. J. LIGHTBURN,

Colonel, Commanding District of the Kanawha.

WAS DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 10, 1862-10.15 a. m.

Major-General McCLELLAN, Rockville, Md.:

How does it look now?

A. LINCOLN.

