
in a perfect condition to transact its own affairs efficiently and with full data, which is not the case now, nor can it be, under the present system. Colonel Sawtelle has the officers, agents, laborers, &amp;c., necessary, now in service, and all being directly subject to my orders, there would be, I am sure, more satisfaction to all parties than we feel now.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

RUFUS INGALLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp, Chief Quartermaster.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 11, 1862.

This letter of Lieutenant-Colonel Ingalls, chief quartermaster Army of the Potomac, is respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Meigs, as being a reply to his letter of September 9, 1862, on the subject of the transportation of the army.

The topics of General Meigs' letter will receive the attentive consideration of the general commanding.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Acknowledge receipt of this letter, and say that it seems to the Quartermaster-General proper to put Lieutenant-Colonel Sawtelle in charge of the service depot of the army of General McClellan, to take charge of all property belonging to or issued to that army. This will leave Colonel Rucker in charge of the general depot. The supplies, except of forage, to be drawn by requisition upon the general depot. Colonel Rucker or his subordinates receipting to the quartermaster turning in transportation should be reported by them to Colonel Ingalls. Colonel Rucker will be instructed to inform Colonel Ingalls of the number of teams so turned in to him.

M. C. MEIGS.
HEADQUARTERS,Washington, September 10, 1862-11 a. m.

(Received 11.30 a. m.)

General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN, Rockville:

An officer of General Bohlen's staff, Sigel's corps, who was killed on the Rappahannock, at Freeman's Ford, has been sent under flag of truce for the body of the general. He reports that there is no enemy in the vicinity of Fairfax, Centreville, Manassas Junction, or Warrenton Junction, or at any intermediate point this side the Rappahannock. One cavalry patrol of 50 men was all he met. Citizens say the entire army has moved north. General Porter's scouts reported, yesterday, the enemy in strong force between Broad Run and Leesburg. It seems most probable that the main body of the enemy is between Leesburg and the mountains.

The marshal of the State of Maryland, McPhail, says he thinks the rebels are moving on Baltimore. He has no certain information. At Hagerstown all is quiet; no rebels there or at Martinsburg.

We are putting everything in readiness here as fast and as far as possible.

The order referred to in your dispatch of 3 a. m. was from the President.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

