
BROOKVILLE, September 10, 1862-11.30 p. m.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY, Rockville:

General McClellan directs that you send orders to General Sumner to occupy Damascus and Clarksburg immediately after daylight to-morrow morning, with a strong advance guard at Hyattstown. General Burnside's command is ordered to carry New Market to-morrow. Tell General Sumner to send him all assistance he may call for.

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BROOKVILLE, [MD.], September 10, [1862]-11.30.

General R. B. MARCY:

Direct General Sykes to move his division at an early hour to-morrow morning, so as to reach Clarksburg by night, or as far in that direction as he can move without unduly fatiguing his men. I wish to keep them fresh. Headquarters will move at an early hour to-morrow, so as to reach the camp of Sykes by night. Endeavor to establish telegraphic communication between Clarksburg and the right and left to-morrow. Order the pontoon train, reserve ammunition, &amp;c., to Clarksburg with the least possible delay.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

ROCKVILLE, September 10, 1862.

General BURNSIDE:

Occupy Ridgeville in force as soon as possible. The road by Damascus seems the best, although you may find it impracticable. A column also via Cooksville. No time is to be lost. I regard this movement as decisive, if successful. As soon as you move, send word to General Sumner, at Middlebrook, on the Clarksburg road where it crosses the Seneca. He will, in the mean time, be ordered from here to move to Clarksburg, as soon as he learns from you that you intend moving on Ridgeville, to place one of his corps at Clarksburg, another at Damascus, so that your whole force may hold Ridgeville, and be prepared to occupy or observe Franklinville. I will, in that case, take care of Barnesville and Poolesville, and move headquarters well out in your direction. It is of the first importance that I should be kept constantly advised of your movements and progress. Let me know what you propose doing. Leave mounted orderlies at the telegraph station. Have the wire pushed on after you, and tell me now what I may except.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,September 10, 1862.

General COX,

Commanding Kanawha Division:

GENERAL: You will move with your command at once to Ridgeville, on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, via Damascus. General Rodman will follow you, and I will follow with the rest of the corps. General Hooker's corps will go to Poplar Springs, some 4 miles east, and Gen-

