
The evening before the surrender I had made up my mind that Captain Hite would not fight. A few days before the capture, I heard Captain Hite say, in his quarters, " I wish the rebels would come in and take the company." This, connected with his very frequent abuse of the President, among our men, made me think him a traitor. He was very abusive in regard to the President's later proclamation.

JOHN J. SPANGLER.

Sworn and subscribed to before me, October 10, 1862, at Sir John's Run, Morgan County, Va.

AARON BECHTOL, J. P.

Numbers 6. Report of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, of Imboden's operations, and congratulatory letter to him.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,October 6, 1862.

SIR: I have to honor to report that on the 2nd instant a scouting party of Colonel Imboden's command encountered a company of the enemy's cavalry near Hanging Rock, Hampshire County, and captured Captain Battersby, Company B, first New York Cavalry, 5 of his men, 14 horses, with arms, equipments, &amp;c.

On the morning of the 4th about day-break, he surprised an entrenched camp of the enemy at the mouth of the Little Cacapon. A dense fog enabled one of his companies to gain the trenches before he was discovered. In attempting to escape, 2 of the enemy were killed, 6 wounded, and Captain Newhard, Lieutenant Wagner, and 55 men of Company K, Fifty-fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, were captured. the railroad bridge over Little Cacapon was burned, with the company's buildings, &c.

About 8 o'clock the same morning, Colonel Imboden sent his cavalry across the Potomac to prevent the escape of the company at Paw Paw Tunnel, and, by leading his infantry across a precipitous mountain, surrounded the place, captured Captain Hite, Lieutenants [John] Cole and Bear, and 90 men of Company B, Forty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers. He also captured 175 Austrian rifles and accouterments, and about 8,000 rounds of waterproof cartridges. The commissary stores, camp equipage, &c., he was obliged to destroy for want of transportation. While thus engaged, 200 of the enemy's cavalry, from Romney made a descent upon his camp, near Cacapon Bridge, and put to flight his guard and about 100 unarmed men, whom he had left under charge of Lieutenant Stone. They burned one of his wagons, loaded with commissary stores, and attempted to carry off five others, but deserted them on the road, carrying away the teams. They also burned the carriages of two of his 3-pounder mountain guns, and carried off the guns in the wagons. They destroyed his medical chest and captured 8 or 10 of his men. He subsequently recovered his wagons, with the ammunition and several of his horses, and reports that his loss will turn out to be small.

I take pleasure in commending to your notice the handsome manner in which Colonel Imboden has conducted this operation, and by his judicious arrangements, encountered no loss of life on the part of his command. He had to abandon the destruction of the bridge over the South Branch of the Potomac. Its great strength defied the effects of fire, and could only be effected by mining. Just before leaving Paw

