
eral Sumner will proceed to Damascus as soon as you commence the movement. Send word to General Sumner as soon as you move; he is at Midlebrook, on the Clarksburg road, where it crosses the Seneca. There was no enemy at Ridgeville last night, but are said to be in considerable force at New Market. Send all your cavalry in front. It is important to reach Ridgeville to-night. I shall endeavor to be there with the whole corps, and shall certainly be able to get between Damascus and Ridgeville, place your artillery in commanding positions, and make your dispositions to hold the place. Communicate any information concerning the movements of the enemy, and report as soon as you reach Ridgeville. I will send the First Maine Cavalry to report to you. You will also take Colonel Devin's cavalry. General Rodman will take position at Damascus, and hold the road leading to New Market until General Sturgis division comes up, when he will proceed to join you. It is very important that this movement should be executed promptly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. RENO,

Major-General, Commanding Ninth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS KANAWHA DIVISION,Goshen Mills, [Md.], September 10, 1862.

General J. G. PARKE, Chief of Staff:

SIR: The order countermanding the movement to Ridgeville, directed this morning, was received before my column had proceeded a mile on the road. I ordered forward the Thirtieth Ohio and a section of McMullin's battery to Damascus, replaced the battalion of infantry and section of artillery at Seneca Bridge, and put the remainder of my division in camp as before. The First Maine Cavalry reported to Captain Williamson, chief of engineers, at Cracklinton, for a reconnaissance. I then communicated with General Sumner, and found Banks' corps at Damascus, or very near it, before they halted; Sumner's corps near Clarksburg. They intend to remain to-night at those places, as I understand. This would seem to make my regiment superfluous at Damascus, but I await orders before removing it. Sumner's command had moved early this morning, as I learned, and were thus quite advanced before my order of movement or the countermanding order came to hand.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Brookville, Md., September 10, 1862.

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Third Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Burnside directs that you put your corps in motion in two columns, the first, with infantry, artillery, and a portion of the cavalry, to move from this place to Poplar Springs, on the old National road, and the second, consisting of the balance of your corps, with the wagons from this place, to Cooksville, on the same road. The main body of the two will then be concentrated and moved up within

