
easy supporting distance of Ridgeville, where General Reno's corps will be in position. Leaving strong guards at Poplar Springs and Cooksville, keep your cavalry well out to the north of the turnpike and railroad, in the direction of Franklinville and Westminster. Please communicate with the senior officer at Ridgeville if he shall have arrived at that point, which you can ascertain from your scouts.

Please report at these headquarters as soon as your columns are under way. Have your adjutant-general or aide report here, and reliable guides will be finished you. After communicating with General McClellan this morning, I will decide where my headquarters for the night will be, and inform you.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS, [September] 10, [1862]-9 a. m.

(Received 10.50 a. m.)

General McCLELLAN, Rockville:

General Griffin, from Upton's Hill, reports that on Monday night the enemy had only two mounted pickets at Dranesville and no force at Fairfax Court-House, and believes there is none there now; pickets were not disturbed last night. Griffin and Kilpatrick have both sent reliable parties to Fairfax Court-House and Dranesville, and hope to get reliable information to-day. Your dispatch received. If a heavy rain falls, I hope the enemy will committed the blunder which they cannot correct. God grant success to our cause. I return to Corcoran to-day.

F. J. PORTER,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

Near Clarksburg, Md., September 10, 1862.

General R. B. MARCY:

I have the honor to report that, in accordance with instructions, dated 3.15 a. m. to-day, I moved my command-Banks' corps on Damascus, and my own on Clarksburg. In obedience to orders received from Headquarters Army of the Potomac, 12 m., I halted my command, and shall remain until further orders as I am. Banks' corps is within a mile of Damascus, and my own 3 miles east of Clarksburg. I have placed my corps in position, and, although the ground is not good, I think it is secure.

E. V. SUMNER,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS, [September] 10, [1862]-10.50 a. m.

(Received 11.30 a. m.)

Colonel A. V. COLBURN,Headquarters, Rockville:

No enemy to be discovered in front. An officer just returned from a scout with a squadron reports no enemy between the railroads for 10 miles out, nor did he discover anything of their whereabouts.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Chief of Staff, Fifth Corps.

16 R R-VOL XIX, PT II

