
SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, D. C., September 10, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit, for your information, the within communication from Lieutenant Colonel R. H. Coolidge, medical inspector, U. S. Army, with the request that you will take such action in the premises as may be proper.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM A. HAMMOND,

Surgeon-General.

[Inclosure]

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, D. C., September 10, 1862.

Brigadier General WILLIAM A. HAMMOND, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have to report that all our wounded have been removed from the battle-field near Groveton, and rom the field hospitals at Bull Run, Manassas Junction, Bristoe Station, and Centreville.

I arrived at the hospital at Fairfax Seminary with the last of the wounded at 4 o'clock this morning. I will make a detailed report of my proceedings as soon as possible, but I now hasten to inform you that about 6 o'clock last evening, while my ambulances and wounded were in and near Centreville, four citizens of Fairfax Court-House came into Centreville and reported to the Confederate officer in command, Captain Daniel T. Richard, Sixth Regiment Virginia Cavalry, that a few hours previous an officer of United States cavalry, with 15 or 20 armed cavalry soldiers, had dashed into the town and arrested and carried off at least one citizen of that place. I saw the persons who brought this report, and I cannot but think there is truth in it. I have promised to report this circumstance to my Government, and to urge that all persons arrested by the cavalry officer referred to be restored to their liberty, and that the act of the officer be disavowed.

The officers of the Confederate army understood that the flag of truce covered the whole road from the battle-field to this city.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD H. COOLIDGE,

Medical Inspector, U. S. Army.

P. S. - As the flag of truce was to continue until all our wounded were removed, and no longer, it has expired by its own limitation.

WASHINGTON, September 10, 1862.

Surgeon-General HAMMOND:

GENERAL: The report of Medical Director Coolidge, without date, is returned herewith for date.

You will immediately report when and by what agreement the flag of truce ceased to have effect; whether all wounded were removed at the time; to whom and at what times any notification of such arrangement in relation to flag of truce was made; whether any, and how many, ambulances were, or now are, beyond our lines; whether they were ordered

