
back, and such other information on this matter as may be deemed necessary for a full understanding of the subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, D. C., September 10, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army:

COLONEL: In compliance with the orders of the General-in-Chief, I have the honor to state that Medical Inspector Coolidge informs me as follows:

1st. That he was notified by Captain Daniel T. Richard, the rebel commander, that the flag of truce would cease when the last wounded man was removed from the field, allowing a reasonable time in which to reach this city.

2d. All the wounded were removed.

3d. Fifty-two ambulances left this city last evening under charge of Assistant Surgeon Dunster, U. S. Army. They were sent in accordance with the request of Medical Inspector Mussey, who had just returned, and who represented their need. Nothing has been heard of them since. It is scarcely time yet for Dr. Dunster to return.

I have no other source of information than Dr. Coolidge. I inclose a further report from him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM A. HAMMOND,

Surgeon-General.

[Inclosure.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 10, 1862.

Brigadier General WILLIAM A. HAMMOND,

Surgeon-General, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: On placing the last of my wounded soldiers into the ambulance at Centreville last evening, after sunset, I had a conversation with Captain Daniel T. Richard, Sixth Virginia Cavalry, commanding Confederate troops at Centreville, of which the following is the substance:

I understood from that officer that by his instructions the flag of truce expired so soon as the last of our wounded had been removed, giving time for their arrival at Washington. I suggested that the wounded might be detained on the road by accident, and that more time than that usually occupied in traveling from Centreville to Washington might be allowed, naming until sunset this evening as a desirable extension, so that I might communicate with my own Government. The officer appeared reluctant to assent, and it was understood that my train of ambulances would be considered as having reached Washington at noon to-day.

I presumed that all ambulances in going to Centreville would travel the road I had been directed to send them by on their return, and I intended turning back all trains I met, but I saw none.

The news of our cavalry having entered Fairfax Court-House had somewhat excited the Confederate officers at Centreville. They viewed the report as true, and considered that the flag of truce had been violated. I did not consider it advisable to question their construction of their own orders, being glad, under the circumstances, to get our wounded passed out without detention.

