
leave them clear for foot passengers. Quartermaster and wagon-masters will be held responsible for any violation of these provisions by the trains under their command. Commanding officers will see that every quartermaster receives a copy of this order, and quartermasters will see that this order is read to their teamsters.

IX. The military governors and provost-marshals of Washington and Alexandria will see to the strict and systematic enforcement of the above provisions.

X. Each corps and independent commander will send an orderly to these headquarters at 12 m. daily for orders.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 10, 1862.

Major-General WOOL:

The secretary of War wishes to see you here immediately. Please come without delay.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

September 10, 1862-9.55 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

On my return to this city I was surprised to learn that it is generally reported that I had been supersede in the command of the Middle Department, and especially of this city. The most influential friends of the Administration have called on me this evening, and assured me that if I leave this city at this time the most serious consequences will follow. They insist that I must not leave. I beg, therefore, that you will let me off going to Philadelphia, for, under existing circumstances, it will not do; at the same time it would be extremely unpleasant to me. Please answer immediately.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

September 10, 1862-11.05 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

I got back too late to get any cars to Philadelphia to-night. I can-not get away until 8 o'clock to-morrow. The rejoicing of my being superseded by men who appear to have influence at Washington has produced a state of things here that would make it highly dangerous to the state of public peace if I were to leave now. I am unable to comprehend the proposition that was made to me. The execution of it, I hope, will not be insisted upon.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 10, 1862.

Governor CURTIN, Harrisburg, Pa.:

General [Andrew] Porter was sent to assist you in raising and organizing troops. He was not assigned to any command. It is of vital

