
Paw, his scouts reported the arrival east of the tunnel of two large trains, laden with troops,sent from hancock to co-operate with the cavalry in cutting off his retreat.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,October 6, 1862.

Colonel J. D. IMBODEN, Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: I have read with pleasure your report* of the attack upon the enemy's cavalry at Hanging Rock, and the subsequent surprise of the two companies of the enemy's infantry stationed at the mouth of the Little Cacapon and at Paw Paw Tunnel. The results accomplished, and the judicious arrangements which enabled you to effect them without loss of life on your part, are deserving of high commendation, the that you make it known to the officers and men for your command.

I am, with high respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

OCTOBER 4-6, 1862.- Reconnaissance from Loudoun Heights to Neersville and Hillsborough, Va.

Report of Lieutenant Wesley McGregor, Seventy-eighth New York infantry.

LOUDOUN HEIGHTS, VA.,

October 8, 1862.

By your order, I selected 20 picked men from my company, and proceeded as far as Neersville, but found no enemy; but was informed that a squad of rebel cavalry had been about 2 miles north of Neersville, and had captured 4 of our soldiers.

I, not deeming it safe to proceed any farther with my small farther with my small force, sent to you for re-enforcements, which arrived at 6 p. m. I then, having 70 men, considered safe from any of cavalry that could be brought against me. I took a detachment for 18 men and crossed the secreted in a house. On my arrival on the top of the mountains, I was surprised to find about 30 men, who been notified to report to Lieutenant to find about 30 men, who had been notified to report to Lieutenant Gaves [?] of the Confederate Army, who was stationed at Snickersville, and is the conscript officer of Loudoun County; but they failed to do so, and the rebels had sent squads of cavalry after them, and they fled to the mountains for safety. I proceeded to and surrounded the house of Steward Dorr, and took his son james, a rebel soldier, prisoner, whom I sent to you Sergeant Cornell.

The following morning, October 5, I took mountain ridge and marched to within 1 mile of Hillsborough. I there divided my company in two parties, and marched into the town from tho different directions, hoping to capture a few rebels; but, to my disappointment, they had

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

