
Winchester and the other is still at Leesburg. All the rest of the rebel force is said to have crossed over into Maryland, in all not over 200,000.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. KILPATRICK,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

BARNESVILLE, MD.,

September 11, 1862-3.35 p. m.

General R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff:

Just in from the front. Have possession of Sugar Loaf Mountain and the signal station. While General Franklin moved a division of

his command forward this morning toward the cross-roads in front, I moved two regiments of cavalry and a section of artillery to the right, and intercepted the rebels getting off. Colonel Farnsworth gave them a few shells, and then sent a party to the top of the mountain, who soon fired a volley and gave a hurrah, to let us know the hill was won. The Eighth Illinois behaved with their accustomed gallantry. Yesterday Generals Stuart's and Lee's cavalry were present at the fight, and General Stuart told General Lee that one of the shells we fired over the mountain burst over his head while he was at the signal station. Our loss yesterday was 1 killed and 3 wounded. The enemy left 3 wounded behind them. One, a lieutenant of the Seventh Virginia (Ashby's) Cavalry, died yesterday. I had him buried this morning. I heard to-day that Robertson, with a cavalry force and four horse batteries, has been trying to cross the river for some days. There are only some 3,000 men at Dranesville, and 2,000 cavalry, under W. D. Smith [?], at Centreville. By holding the mouth of the Monocacy, all the ferries and fords below that point are closed to the rebels. I have sent two regiments and a section of artillery there, but it would be well to send a brigade from Couch's and some artillery to that point. I believe the occupation of Monocacy has forced the rebels farther up to cross the river. I send this evening a regiment and a half to Grainfield Mills, on the Monocacy, to hold that point and scout to Licksville, Adamstown, and Buckeystown.

Sedgwick's division of Sumner's corps has arrived at Hyattstown.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS

Arlington, September 11, 1862. (Received 12 m.)

General WILLIAMS,McClellan's Headquarters:

The First Rhode Island Cavalry are on the march to join you at Brookville. I join you to-morrow with Morell's division.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 11, 1862.

General WHIPPLE, Fort Albany:

By direction of the General-in-Chief, you will at once put Tyler's and Allabach's brigades in motion, under the command of the senior officer, for Brookville, via Leesborough, and report there to me as soon as

