
regiment, brigades, and divisions the necessary detail of surgeons and assistants, the whole to move at 6 o'clock on Monday morning. I also directed Surgeon Page and most of the medical officers sent by you from this city to accompany Surgeon McParlin. The train of 37 wagons, containing medical and hospital supplies, dispatched by you on Saturday night in charge of Assistant Surgeon Webster, arrived at a late hour on Sunday night. These wagons were unloaded at Centreville, and sent to the battle-field with Surgeon McParlin, who took such of the supplies as he thought would be required, and also his hospital supply wagon. It is to be remarked here that I had been officially informed that the army would remain at Centreville; that I had no definite knowledge of the number of our wounded on the field, or their precise situation, and intended keeping the trains moving as rapidly as possible between the battle-field and Centreville, expecting, in two days, to complete their removal.

Of all the trains of ambulances sent to Fairfax Station on Sunday, but one returned, and that was sent to the battle-field. On Munday, judging from the movements around me that the army would fall back, I applied to Colonel Ruggles, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff, who informed me that while he thought the army would fall back, it was not yet so decide. I then asked that I might be informed as soon as the decision was made. Early Monday evening, I think about 7 o'clock, I went to Major General Pope, stated my impressions, from what I heard and saw, that the army was retiring, referred to the nature of my orders from you, and asked whether I should accompany him, or remain with the wounded, and send his medical director, Surgeon McParlin, to him. The general decided I should send Medical Director McParlin, to him, and remain myself with the wounded. The general also stated to me that he had no intention of leaving this place (Centrewille); that the old Braddock road to Fairfax Station was open, and that my ambulances should be sent that way. During both Sunday and Monday I had made repeated efforts to procure subsistence stores So far as I could ascertain, there were none at Centreville. Colonel E. G. Beckwith, chief commissary, gave me an order on any commissary I obtained some coffee, sugar, candles, and hard bread. On Monday night, when the wagons were passing through Centreville, Commissary lances arrived in Centreville from the battle-field on Monday evening. The wounded were fed with soup, coffee, and hard bread, furnished with blankets, and forwarded at daybreak Tuesday morning, by the Braddock road. During the night all our troops left Centreville, and on Tuesday morning the place was occupied by the enemy. I had not deemed it proper either to send back my hospital supplies or to destroy them, trusting that our wounded would have some benefit from them, even after they had passed from my control. The result did not disappoint my expectations. Of the 4,000 blankets you sent to me, 2,000 at least were used for our wounded, and the requisitions of the medical officers at Centreville for medical and hospital stores for immediate use, including concentrated beef essence, mutton broth, extract of coffee, sugar, and milk, milk in cans, crackers, brandy, whisky, wine, and tea, were promptly complied with. On Tuesday morning, after the occupation of Centreville by the rebel troops, I received from Medical Director McParlin a requisition for subsistence for 1,500 men, and a note describing the destitute condition of our wounded on the field. This was the first information I had received concerning the situation

