
collected in the vicinity of houses had found provisions on which they had subsisted. In some instances the surgeons had succeeded in procuring a sheep or a pig and some corn-meal, and in one place, the Van Pelt house, the surgeons found coffee, sugar, cider, wine, and were able to procure meat. Although doubtful of the propriety of so doing, I accepted the invitation to pass the night with Medical Director Guild at his camp on the battle-field. The result was, as I had hoped, beneficial to my wounded. It enabled me to have two ambulances, which had returned empty from Centreville, filled with hospital stores and blankets from the supplies that had been conveyed from Centreville to the camp of Medical Director Guild, and, during our ride over the field, three small beeves were purchased by that officer and ordered to be delivered to me the next morning. On Thursday morning the first train of ambulances from this city arrived on the field, with fresh bread and an abundant and varied supply of food and hospital stores. I instantly dispatched the ambulances, with provisions, in every direction over the field, to bring to the central station all who were without some shelter. A few ambulances were employed in conveying stores and food to the several field depots, and fresh beef was sent to Centreville. From that moment trains of ambulances, each with food and stores, arrived in rapid succession. The supply was superabundant. The bread, which otherwise would have spoiled, and one of the beeves, which I did not otherwise would have spoiled, and one of the beeves, which I did not need, and which I could not feed, were given to the One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, which had come to bury our dead, and had failed to bring rations. My great difficulty now was to feed the wounded, with the abundant stores at my command. All my nurses and attendants were exhausted by their labors. They could hardly be urged to the necessary effort. Nevertheless, with the aid of some self-denying and noble-hearted citizens, volunteer nurses, who remained to the last, and by the indefatigable industry and attention of the medical staff, I believe no one suffered for water, for food, or for medical attendance. Each train of ambulances was supplied with an abundance of mutton-broth, extracts of beef and of coffee, canned milk, bread, and water for the journey. All the wounded were fed just before starting, and directions given to feed them on the road, the train to be halted, so that water could be boiled, wherewith to make soup and coffee from the prepared essences and extracts. One soldier, whom it was impossible otherwise to move, was brought to this city under the influence of chloroform administered on the road by Assistant Surgeon Clarke, U. S. Volunteers. The removal of our wounded from the battle-field was completed Tuesday afternoon, the 9th instant, and the last trains of ambulances arrived at Fairfax Seminary Hospital early Wednesday morning.

In conclusion, I submit the following remarks: If I had been informed that Centreville was to be evacuated by our forces, I would have had the little subsistence remaining in that place conveyed to the field before the army retired. The large supply of blankets and hospital stores sent by you from this city on Saturday evening, August 30, saved the lived of hundreds of our wounded; indeed, without these supplies many must have died from exposure and starvation on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, September 1, 2, and 3. As it was, I believe the number of deaths fairly attributable to want of food and exposure is very small indeed. My retaining the medical and hospital stores, and allowing them to fall into the hands of the enemy, was well for our wounded, who received all the stores that the medical officers applied for, as necessary

