
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 11, 1862.

Governor CURTIN, Harrisburg, Pa.:

I have telegraphed to General McClellan to send General Reynolds here, to take command in Pennsylvania. General Wool was assigned yesterday, but has been relieved at his own request. Until an officer is assigned to command, it will be impossible to give the orders you ask for.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HARRISBURG, PA.,

September 11, 1862-11 a. m.

Colonel JOHN A WRIGHT, Willard's:

Our operator at State line reports that a body of rebel cavalry entered Hagerstown at 9 o'clock this morning, proceeded to railroad depot, and thence by road in direction of State line. It is believed that Jackson will move down the Cumberland Valley with at least part of his column, and my attack White at Martinsburg with the balance. White's scouts report that communication westward has been cut off for two days.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

WASHINGTON, September 11, 1862-12 m.

Honorable ANDREW G. CURTIN:

Please tell me at once what is your latest new from or toward Hagerstown, or of the enemy's movements in any direction.

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., September 11, 1862.

His Excellency ANDREW G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania, Harrisburg, Pa.:

SIR: The application made to me by your adjutant-general for authority to call out the militia of the State of Pennsylvania has received careful consideration. It is my anxious desire to afford, as far as possible, the means and power of the Federal Government to protect the State of Pennsylvania from invasion by the rebel forces, and since, in your judgment, the militia of the State are required, and have been called upon by you, to organize for home defense and protection, I sanction the call that you have made, and will receive them into the service and pay of the United States to the extent they can be armed, equipped, and usefully employed. The arms and equipments now belonging to the General Government will be needed for the troops called out for the National armies, so that arms can only be furnished for the quota of militia furnished by the draft of nine months' men, heretofore ordered. But, as arms may be supplied by the militia under your call, these, with the 30,000 in your arsenal, will probably be sufficient for the purpose contemplated by your call. You will be authorized to provide such equipments as may be required, according to the regulations of the United

