
States service, which, upon being turned over to the United States Quartermaster's Department, will be paid for at regulation prices, or the rates allowed by the Department for such articles. Railroad transportation will also be paid for, as in other cases. Such general officers will be supplied as the exigencies of the service will permit.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.

HARRISBURG, PA., September 11, 1862-3.30 p. m.

(Received 6.30 p. m.)

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

Your dispatch of 12 m. reached me at 2 p. m. At 9 o'clock this morning the rebel cavalry occupied Hagerstown. At 12 their pickets were within half a mile of the Pennsylvania line at Greencastle. It is the advance cavalry of Jackson's column. Jackson's troops are represented to be in a very bad condition, a large portion of them without shoes or hats, and with ragged clothing. Cavalry are in better condition-well equipped and armed, except that they have no carbines. The mayor, cashier of the bank, sheriff, and other loyal citizens have left Hagerstown and are now at Greencastle. I have information from a gentleman who saw Jackson and was in his camp on Monday, between Boonsborough and Middletown. At that time he had about 15,000 troops convened with him-men who expected to enter Pennsylvania. Had no conversation of any importance with the officers. I think Jackson's column has been largely increased since that day. From indications the people of Greencastel expect a dash on that place this afternoon. This is all the news of any consequence since my telegram to the War Department this morning.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

HARRISBURG, PA., September 11, 1862.

(Received 8.30 p. m.)

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

I have information this evening of a private character, which I deem entirely reliable, that the whole of the rebel army has been moved from Frederick, and their destination is Harrisburg and Philadelphia. You should order a strong guard placed upon the railway lines from Washington to Harrisburg to-night, and send here not less than 80,000 disciplined forces, and order from New York and States east all available forces to concentrate here at once. To this we will add all the militia forces possible, and I think that in a few days we can muster 50,000 men. It is our only hope to save the North and crush the rebel army. Do not suppose for one instant that I am unnecessarily alarmed. I believe I know all that I have stated to be true. I have had the country examined west of the river to-day by competent military engineers, and their report this evening is that defensive works cannot be erected to be useful against 50,000 men. The enemy will bring against us not less than 120,000, with large amount of artillery. The time for decided action by the National Government has arrived. What may we expect?

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

