
turned, without meeting the enemy; that on the 4th instant Colonel Egan, of the Fortieth New York, made a reconnaissance over the river and captured one caisson, complete, with ammunition, harness, &amp;c., about 15 head cattle, 3 horses, and some baggage, belonging to General Hill's command; that I have ordered the cattle to be killed and distributed among the different regiments in my command; that the baggage is detained as useless. I should like to be directed as to the caisson, harness, and horses.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

J. H. HOBART WARD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

OCTOBER 8-9, 1862.- Reconnaissance from Fairfax Court-House to Aldie, Va., and skirmish.

Reports of Major General Franz Sigel, U. S. Army.

ARLINGTON HOUSE, OCTOBER 9, 1862.

Captain RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following is just received:

SIGEL'S HEADQUARTERS, October 9, 1862.

General HEINTZELMAN:

My cavalry entered aldie yesterday, making 4 prisoners, who have been paroled, captured some teams loaded with bacon, and one ambulance.

My scouts just report from Gum Spring and Hopewell that there are no rebels there.

Shall report when I hear from Leesburg.

F. SIGEL.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General.

BANK'S HEADQUARTERS,

October 10, 1862-11.30 a. m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

Following copy received from General Heintzelman:

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE,

October 9, [1862]- 11.50 p. m.

General HEINTZELMAN:

Lieutenant S. B. Conger, Third Virginia Cavalry, made an attack on Aldie this noon, making 4 prisoners, and had quite a sharp skirmish on the other side for the town. The enemy's loss was 1 killed and 3 wounded. No loss on our side. Finding the enemy too throng, he fell back to a toll-gate 7 miles this side of Aldie, to which point the enemy followed. A stronger detachment will be sent to the same place during the night, and also a detachment to Hopewell Gap. Information has been received that and Jackson's forces are reported to be on the Harper's Ferry road. General Stuart is reported absent from Winchester; his cavalry are guarding their right flank. Their pickets extend 9 miles out from Winchester toward Middleburg. A rumor among the rebel extend 9 miles out from Winchester toward Middleburg. A rumor among the rebel soldiers last Sunday that Within a week's time they will make their, way to Manassas. The arms captured at Harper's Ferry by them have been distributed among the conscripts. The teams captured to-day, hauling bacon at Middleburg, were prepared to move the bacon from Middleburg to Winchester. They have subsisted entirely of late upon flour and fresh beef, bacon being very scarce. Last Sunday they expected an attack by our forces from Martinsburg. None but the sick and wounded soldiers occupy the town of Winchester. Three rebel scouts passed through Hunter's Mill to-day ont heir way to Aldie.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

BANKS,

Major-General.

