
and if they are going to recross, how could they be moving upon Gettysburg?

In your communication of yesterday you spoke of a movement upon Urbana. My opinion is that a direct movement upon Urbana and the line of the Monocacy would develop the strength of the enemy, and in all probability drive him beyond it. General Reno's corps will be in New Market early this forenoon; General Hooker's corps inn the vicinity of Ridgeville. I shall send all the available cavalry with Gibbon's batteries in the direction of Liberty. My headquarters will be at New Market, where I will await further instructions from you.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,Damascus, Md., September 12, 1862-6 a. m.

(Received 1.20 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

GENERAL: My command now occupies New Market and other points in rear on the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. From my report to General McClellan (a copy of which you will receive), you can form your opinion as to the propriety of supplying us with subsistence by the railroad. I shall endeavor to open communication with Baltimore to-day.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

UPTON'S HILL,

September 12, 1862-8.29 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Sergeant Griswold, Harris Light Cavalry, has been 9 miles beyond Falls Church, toward Leesburg. Just returned by Vienna. Could hear on no force at Dranesville or Leesburg or beyond. Saw tracks of many wagons at Vienna. Saw woman, who said, at Vienna, the country people were taking vegetables too Fairfax to sell to enemy; that the enemy visited there; that the Sixth Virginia Cavalry and some infantry were at Germantown, and were going to Alliance; their pickets to-night to Fairfax Court-House.

J. M. DAVIES,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Ridgeville, Md., September 12, 1862.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just been shown an order relieving Brigadier-General Reynolds from the command of a division in my corps. I request that the major-general commanding will not heed this order; a scared Governor ought not to be permitted to destroy the usefulness of an entire division of the army, on the eve of important operations.

General Reynolds commands a division of Pennsylvania troops of

18 R R-VOL XIX, PT II

