
HARRISBURG, PA., September 12, 1862.

(Received 4.15 p. m.)

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

Your message received. Reasons for not sending force entirely satisfactory. We are doing all that is possible to throw forces into the valley to check any movement the rebels may attempt in this direction. I have advices that Jackson is crossing the Potomac at Williamsport, and probably the whole rebel army will be drawn from Maryland.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

HARRISBURG, PA., September 12, 1862.

(Received 12.25 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Send General Reynolds as soon as possible. By telegraphing to the superintendent Northern Central Railroad at Baltimore, and extra train will be prepared for him on arrival at Baltimore.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

HARRISBURG, PA., September 12, 1862-10 p. m.

The PRESIDENT:

A reliable gentleman came from Hanover to give me the following information:

I left the rebel encampment at Liberty, Md., last night at 12 o'clock. I spent twenty-four hours among their men and officers, from whom I learned the following general programme, after satisfying them that I was a citizen of Maryland and favorable to their cause: They intend to cross about 70,000 men, forming their reserve at Williamsport, and occupy the Virginia shore as a general depot for all supplies they can gather. Part of this reserve to attack and capture Martinsburg and Harper's Ferry. The main rebel army to occupy Maryland between Williamsport and Hagerstown, from which they will move on Cumberland Valley and other points in Pennsylvania. Their force in Maryland was about 190,000 men. That they have in Virginia about 250,000 men, all of whom are being concentrated to menace Washington and keep the Union armies employed there, while their forces in Maryland devastate and destroy Pennsylvania.

The gentleman who gives me this information is vouched for as reliable and truthful by the best citizens of the place where he lives. I give it to you for consideration.

A. G. CURTIN.

Governor of Pennsylvania.

