
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 8TH ARMY CORPS, MIDDLE DEPT.,

Numbers 36 Baltimore, Md., September 12, 1862.

So much of General Orders, Numbers 32, current series, from these headquarters, as confers the command of all the infantry in the city of Baltimore upon Brigadier General John R. Kenly, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby revoked.

Brigadier-General Kenly's command will hereafter consist of the First, Fourt, Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth Regiments Maryland Volunteers, which are constituted a brigade under his command.

By command of Major-General Wool:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON,September 12, 1862.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

In answer to your telegrams respecting the Eighteenth Maine, and the movement of Morell's and Whipple's division, late Sturgis', I have the honor to state that General porter received orders last night, direct from the General-in-Chief, to move to Brookville this morning with Morell's division, and was this morning further instructed by General Halleck to take Allabach's and Tyler's brigades, under the command of Brigadier General A. A. Humphreys. For this reason it has been impracticable to execute the commanding general's orders in regard to placing General Porter in command on this side of the river, and I have, by direction of the General-in-Chief, placed General Barnard in command of the troops and works for the immediate defense of Washington on the north side. General Stoneman is to report to General Heintzelman for the command of Kearny's division. General Whipple remains in command of certain works, as before, with Piatt's brigade added. I hear from Baltimore that about 500 rebel cavalry and artillery were in Westminster last night about 7 o'clock. Westminster is about 30 miles northeast of Frederick and about 28 by good pike from Baltimore. There is now a railway from Union Bridge to Relay House, on Northern Central Railroad, passing through Westminster.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

September 13, 1862-10.45 a. m.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

Yours of 5.30 p. m. yesterday is just received. General Banks cannot safely spare eight new regiments from here. You must remember that very few troops are now received from the North, nearly all being stopped to guard the railroad. Four regiments were ordered to General Dix to replace Peck's division. Porter yesterday took away over 20,000. Until you know more certainly the enemy's force south of the Potomac, you are wrong in thus uncovering the capital. I am of opinion that the enemy will send a small column toward Pennsylvania, so as to draw your forces in that direction; then suddenly move on Washington with the forces south of the Potomac and those he may cross over. In your letter of the 10th [11th?] you attach too little importance to the capital. I assure you that you are wrong. The capture of this

