
Falls Church, and has a good character. Allow me to say Captain Grinton has performed his duty in a very satisfactory manner. The scouting party from the Occoquan has not yet reported. I sent two

scouts to Leesburg, and one, disguised, to where the enemy are.

---------------

* * * * * * * *

---------------

J. M. DAVIES,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

DAMASCUS, MD., September 13, 1862.

Cols. ANSON STAGER:

A courier who left Burnside's headquarters at Frederick at 8 o'clock this morning, just arrived. He reports that General Reno, of General Burnside's army, led the second and successful charge into Frederick, our first charge proving futile. The rebels mad a determined stand at first, but broke and ran pell-mell, closely pursued by our cavalry. After running 6 miles, the rebels made another stand, near the turnpike, to left, near mountain, when both armies rested for the night, but at daybreak our cavalry and artillery moved forward and opened heavy fire on the rebels, who fell back slowly and in good order. As the courier was leaving Frederick, our artillery was shelling the woods briskly, and General Hooker's corps was beginning to move forward. Yesterday's fight was exclusively an artillery and cavalry fight on our side. As General Burnside entered Frederick, he was cheered by the inhabitants, who waved Union flags and shouted, "Hurrah for Burnside. Frederick is once more redeemed."

DOLAN,

Operator.

POINT OF ROCKS, MD.,

September 13, 1862.

Colonels SANFORD and STAGER:

The enemy are at Knoxville and Weverton. They have cut the canal to cross into Virginia. Their wagon-train is moving toward the river very fast from Jefferson.

J. H. FRALICK,

Acting Signal Officer.

[September 13], 1862.

Colonel STAGER:

There was heavy firing on the north side of Blue Ridge until 3 p. m., indicating that a portion of the enemy's troops were passing through Solomon's Gap toward Williamsport.

ISAAC J. HARVEY,

First Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 13, 1862.

Major-General WOOL, Baltimore, Md.:

We cannot at present spare more troops for Annapolis. General McClellan has taken so large a force into the field that all the new troops we can get for the present are wanted here.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

