
BALTIMORE, MD., September 13, 1862-6 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Generals Lee and Jackson passed North Mountain Station yesterday at 12 m., west of Martinsburg, with a force of 20,000 men, toward Martinsburg. No firing having been heard, it was thought General White had left Martinsburg. Colonel Campbell further reports that it is said Longstreet will cross at Hancock, and that a large force is advancing on New Creek from Strasburg.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

P. S.-The above is from Brigadier-General Kelley, Cumberland.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

September 13, 1862-6.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Brigadier-General Kelley reports as follows:

Colonel Campbell telegraph that Longstreet's division is now crossing the Potomac into Virginia, at Williamsport, and going toward Martinsburg.

JOHN. E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, Md., September 13, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief, Washington:

GENERAL: I have been importuned to furnish troops to enforce the enrollment of the militia of Maryland. I have refused the application, first, because I have no troops to spare; secondly, the exercise of the power would be an offense solely cognizable by the civil authorities, and not by the military tribunals.

An application will no doubt be made to the War Department for troops to be used for the above purpose. Should the Secretary of War decide in favor of the application, I would recommend that one of the Maryland regiments now being raised be placed exclusively under take direction of the Governor, as I am in no respect willing to become responsible for the arrests made by Provost-Marshal McPhail or his deputies. One of these deputies has sent here for confinement 5 or 6 men, who have been arrested on mere suspicion. Whosoever orders the confinement of these men will be subject to the penalty of false imprisonment. It is for refusing to confine men on mere rumor and suspicion that the "Jacobis" of this city induced the President to consent to have me removed from this department.

Herewith you will receive a copy of my order on the subject of arrests and confinements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EIGHTH A. C. MIDDLE DEPT.,

Numbers 30. Baltimore, September 1, 1862.

W. A. Van Nostrand, city marshal of Baltimore, is this day appointed civil provost-marshal for the Eighth Army Corps, Middle Department, subject only to the orders of the commanding general.

