
As provost-marshal, he will have charge of all political prisoners arrested or confined, until disposed of by order of the commanding general, to whom the marshall will report daily all prisoners arrested, with the charges and specifications against them.

As many persons have been arrested and confined upon frivolous charges, and others upon rumor or suspicion, no citizen or other person not a soldier, within the limits of this department, will hereafter be arrested or confined upon charges of disloyalty or treasonable practices, unless the charges and specifications shall have first been submitted in writing to the provost marshall, setting forth in what respect and at what time he may have been disloyal or guilty of treasonable practice, and the truth of which attested under the solemnity of an oath, by the person preferring them; and no such accused person or prisoners in this department will be held by any provost-marshall, civil or military, or commandant of post, under the control of the commanding general, until after the charges, as above described and attested, shall have been transmitted to him for his action and orders in the case.

The military and civil provost-marshals will, actively and vigilantly, co-operate in preserving the peace and order of the city, under special instructions to be given from time to time by the commanding general. The duties of the first will, in general, be limited to the military stationed in and about Baltimore; and, of the second, to civil persons; but both will aid each other, when necessary, in the discharge of the duties required of them.

JOHN. E. WOOL,

Major-General, Commanding.

HARRISBURG, PA., September 13, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

When may we expect General Reynolds here? Services needed immediately. Longstreet's division is said to have reached Hagerstown last night. Jackson crossed Potomac at Williamsport to capture Martinsburg and Harper's Ferry. We are assembling militia rapidly at Chambersburg. Can we do anything to aid your movements?

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 13, 1862.

Governor CURTIN, Harrisburg, PA.:

Two orders have been sent to General Reynolds, but his movements in the field may have delayed their reaching him. He was expected to leave for Harrisburg last night.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HARRISBURG, PA., September 13, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

The enemy, in force of 3,000 infantry and some cavalry, occupied middleburg, on Pennsylvania line, 7 o'clock this evening. Heavy cannonading heard in neighborhood of Martinsburg from 11 this a. m. till 3 this p. m.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

