
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 13, 1862.

Governor CURTIN, Harrisburg, Pa.:

Your two dispatches received together. No regiments of volunteers to be retained at Harrisburg. All must be sent here for the present.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HARRISBURG, PA., September 13, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: I have just reached this place, having left Burnside's army yesterday at Ridgeville. From the situation of affairs in front of the army there and the news received here this evening from Greencastle, the demonstrations of the enemy look in this direction to me particularly. I am fully impressed that the intention has been for some time entertained by them to invade this section of the State. In order that what can be done here may, in a measure, co-operate with the movements of that army, will you please advise me, as far as possible, of the situation in the lines, whenever it can be done? I think if the Reserve Corps could be spared from the army in front of Washington and dispatched here, it would be of great assistance in forming and organizing the new troops assembling at this point. i have no hope that this request will meet with favor from the commanding general of the troops, yet I cannot but think that it would prove a judicious move in the end. If the Reserve cannot be sent, there is one of its batteries recruiting in Washington which might be very well spared, and there is nothing here of that arm as yet. Lieutenant Amsden's is the battery I allude to.

Respectfully,

JOHN F. REYNOLDS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 13, 1862.

Gov. F. H. PEIRPOINT, Wheeling, Va.:

As soon as I can find where General Crook now is, I will give him orders. He was supposed to be in Western Virginia.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL McCLELLAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

September 14, 1862-11.15 a. m. (Received 12 m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

We occupy Middletown and Jefferson. The whole force of the enemy in front. They are not returning to Virginia. Look well to Chambersburg. Shall lose no time. Will soon have a decisive battle.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

