
Numbers 1. Report of Major General John E. Wool, U. S. Army, commanding the Middle Department.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, Md., October 14, 1862.

GENERAL: On Friday evening I received (about 10 o'clock_ information, by telegraph from Governor Curtin, of Pennsylvania, that the 3,000 rebel cavalry and a section of artillery, under the command of General Stuart, were in possession of chambersburg. It appears that the town had been surrendered upon the demand of the rebel general. I immediately ordered three regiments and a battery of six pieces to be got ready and proceed at once to harrisburg; afterward I ordered a fourth regiment.

the next morning, at 6 o'clock, and as soon as I could obtain a special train. I proceeded to Harrisburg, were I arrived early in the day, and visited Governor Curtin. He appeared quite anxious about the safety of Carlisle. Although I did not agree with him on the subject, yet I proceeded to that place. On the way I received a telegram, informing me that the rebels had gone to Emmittsburg. I returned immediately to Harrisburg and saw Governor Curtin, who had received the same information. I at once proceeded to Hanover Junction, where I arrived about 4 a. m., and where I met my troops ordered from Baltimore. These I immediately set in motion for Gettysburg, where they arrived about 1 p. m., and headed off the rebel cavalry, previous to which the advance of the rebels had been attacked by some of the Home Guards, when they retreated, leaving, 5 prisoners in the possession of the Home Guards.

The rebels went to Emmittsburg, and from there to Waynesborough, and were proceeding toward Boonsborough, when, on being informed of the advance of Pleasonton, they changed their course and proceeded with all haste to the Potomac, in a more easterly direction, and, as I was informed, by telegraph from Major-General McClellan, in the following language, viz:

General Pleasonton, who was in pursuit of the rebel cavalry,m reports that they have been driven back, into Virginia, crossing the Potomac near the mouth of the Monacacy, and having marched 90 miles in the previous twenty-four hours, while Pleasonton, in pursuit, marched 78 miles in the same time.

Colonel Cram, under whose direction I placed the troops at Gettysburg, reported to me on Sunday that the rebels had retired to Harbach's Valley.

On Monday, 2.30 p. m., he reported, by telegram, that a part of the rebels he thought, from information received, were yet in Harbach's Valley. He sent scouts to ascertain,who were to report to him last night or this morning. I think the colonel will find that all the rebel cavalry have returned into Virginia, and have probably escaped altogether the vigilance of Major-General McClellan, having, in the mean time, made nearly the whole circle of the army of the Potomac-certainly a bold and daring enterprise, in the execution of which the soldiers at Chambersburg changed the rags which covered the for the uniform clothing of the United States, and supplied themselves on their route with 1,000 fresh horses, besides destroying, at Chambersburg, the railroad depot, with all the rolling-stock. They also tore up some of the rails of the road, and destroyed several bridges.

Myself and staff were in motion from Friday evening until yesterday

