
as possible, guarding your flanks well. Please order all troops you may overtake coming this way to come forward with you. We moved forward this morning to attack the enemy.

Very respectfully,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

(Received at Middletown [Md.], and sent to General McClellan, September 14, 1862.)

General McCLELLAN:

I have gained the ridge on left of road opposite to where their battery was. We shelled it, and they have taken it off. This morning they had a heavy force of infantry on right, in the woods on mountains, commanding batteries. Their guns have been withdrawn, and Reno is sending a brigade in that direction. General Cox's division is on our left, and I am moving up cautiously at Burkittsville. Enemy have 1,500 cavalry and three guns. The Sixth and First Cavalry are at Jefferson, and are scouting well over toward Harper's Ferry.

PLEASONTON.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No.-. In the Field, September 14, 1862.

Major General A. E. Burnside is assigned to the command of the right wing of this army, which will be composed of his own and Hooker's corps.

The Second Corps (Banks'), late Army of Virginia, is placed, until further orders, under the command of Major General E. V. Sumner, commanding Second Corps, Army of the Potomac.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, September 14, 1862.

Major-General BANKS, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The inclosed telegram is this moment received. Why Edwards Ferry has been left entirely unprotected I cannot understand. The only remedy now is for you to immediately send there some force nearest to the place. This should be done without a moment's delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[Inclosure.]

EDWARDS FERRY, MD., September 14, 1862.

WAR DEPARTMENT:

The entire line of the river is open from here to Seneca Creek, 8 miles below me, and up to Conrad's Ferry, 6 or 8 miles west. I have but 8 men at this place. Please send me force or say what I shall do, as I am cut off from my headquarters at Harper's Ferry, and can hear nothing from there. There was a regiment here until this morning, when they were ordered away. Please answer.

Your obedient servant,

W. H. H. YONTZ,

Captain, Commanding Post.

