
weakness, which the work I propose to do is to remedy, for even now the position is strong, but the auxiliary work would make it stronger, and some portions of it very important. I believe there are two or three companies of the New York Second Artillery in Fort Runyon. It does not seem necessary to keep experienced artillerymen in a work where there are but two guns, and which cannot come into place, except in the last desperate extremity, that we are forced to abandon the other shore. The foregoing remarks may serve to show you the necessity of more permanence in command, more system in assignments of garrisons, and in control of the artillery. All last winter an artillery officer of high rank had control of all the artillery, and, I believe, all the artillerymen. There never was a time when it it was of more importance than now.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier-General.

UPTON'S HILL, VAL., September 14, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel McKEEVER,

Chief of Staff, Arlington:

I have to report return of two scouts of Harris Light Cavalry from Leesburg early this morning. There are 300 sick there; no others. The last brigade left on Friday for Winchester; it was 2,500 strong. Another brigade left the day before for Harper's Ferry. As far as they could learn, there is no enemy between Harper's Ferry and Leesburg. The force at Winchester is reported large, and General Johnston, who came from Gordensville, is said to be commander there. There was heavy firing heard at Leesburg yesterday evening, and this morning in the direction of Harper's Ferry; also, on their return, the first seemed nearest and the last farthest. It may be of use to state that, though in uniform, they found no difficulty to pass for secession soldiers. Many of the sick said they hoped to be captured, to be paroled.

J. M. DAVIES,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

POOLESVILLE, MD., September 14, 1862.

General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army:

We proceeded on the Virginia shore to Dranesville, and, from information that we received, Generals Longstreet and Hill were at Leesburg. They were to cross at the Point of Rocks. Our troops are at Seneca. They crossed at Long Acre Bottom. Heavy cannonading on our right between Frederick and Sugar Loaf Mountain.

W. J. GAINES.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 14, 1862.

Brigadier-General REYNOLDS,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

We cannot now divide our army to sent the Reserves to Harrisburg. We must be prepared to meet the enemy with all our available forces united.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief

