
HARRISBURG, PA., September 14, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Telegram from Greencastle this evening says that our pickets have advanced over the State line, and are now in Maryland, on all the roads leading to Hagerstown. Have been within 3 miles of the latter place. The rebel pickets have fallen back, showing a bold front until within a few hours-8.30 p. m. Scouts report Longstreet's division moving east, on the Boonsborough road, to-day.

JOHN F. REYNOLDS,

Brigadier-General Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF PENNSYLVANIA,Harrisburg, Pa., September 14, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

It is necessary to have a considerable cavalry force in the Cumberland Valley. We have abundant offers of men and horses, but have no equipments. Can you direct the Ordnance Bureau fa furnish us, at the earliest moment, equipments and caribines for 3,000 cavalry? Please answer.

JOHN F. REYNOLDS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

September 14, 1862-10.15 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Brigadier-General Kelley telegraphs that the enemy have taken Romney with a force of 2,500 men. He calls for re-enforcements. I have none to send him. McClellan has command of all the troops from Harper's Ferry to Martinsburg. I have ordered a regiment to Monocacy. We have the road to Frederick, and have sent rations to that place, and more are called for. It would be a great loss if the enemy should destroy the road to Cumberland. It is thought that the destruction of the Pennsylvania road would follow.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., September 14, 1862.

The PRESIDENT:

The enemy hold possession with infantry and cavalry 4 miles from Greencastle. Heavy cannonading on south. It is supposed to be along Potomac near Harper's Ferry. We are massing forces rapidly, our people responding to the call in a most wonderful manner. Our organization, we hope, will deter movements upon the interior of Pennsylvania.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, September 14, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Governor Peirpoint, who is with me this morning, joins me in recommending that you attach Western Virginia to Major-General Wright's command. Ohio troops must be sent into Western Virginia.

DAVID TOD,

Governor

