HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 15, 1862-12.30 p. m.

Major-General PORTER:

GENERAL: General McClellan desires me to say that Burnside's corps has not yet marched. Should the march of Sykes' division be obstructed by Burnside's troops, direct General Sykes to push by them and to put his division in front.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

Burnside's corps was not moving three hours after the hour designated for him, the day after South Mountain, and obstructed my movements.

I, therefore, asked for this order, and moved by Burnside's corps.

F. J. P.
HEADQUARTERS NEAR BROWNSVILLE,September 15, 1862-3 p. m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

GENERAL: I made a demonstration on my left this morning at the gap, on the left of Burkittsville, with two regiments of infantry and a section of horse artillery. The enemy has begun to retreat, although I hardly consider that due to the demonstration. Smith is in pursuit, with a brigade and battery, and will do good service.

Under your last orders, I do not feel justified in putting my whole command in motion toward the front, but shall act according to the dictates of my judgment, as circumstances may occur.

I have sent a squadron of Lancers to communicate with General Burnside. If they succeed in getting to him, the news from him may change my intentions. I shall, however, try to carry out the spirit of your orders as nearly as possible.

Truly, yours,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding Sixth Corps.

[P. S.]-I hear from General Smith that the enemy is drawing off trough the valley too fast for him. I shall start for Sharpsburg at once.
HDQRS. SIXTH CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 15, 1862-3.15 p. m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

GENERAL: I sent with the guard an aide-de-camp of General J. E. B. Stuart, who says that he was bearing a message from General Jackson to General Lee, at Keedysville; that the white flag was raised at Harper's Ferry this morning at 9.30, and that he was to take possession immediately. He was captured by General Howe, of Couch's division, at Rohrersville, and thinks the name of the town is Keedysville. He says that General Stuart is between Keedysville and Harper's Ferry.

Respectfully,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding Sixth Corps.

