HDQRS. SIXTH CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 15, 1862-4 p. m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

GENERAL: In consequence of the last orders received from you, I shall await further orders here. I have communicated with General Burnside between Centreville [Keedysville] and Boonsborough. He has nothing to communicate. I have not moved toward Sharpsburg. There is a pass opposite, west of Brownsville, through which part of the enemy retreated to-day.

Truly, yours,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding Sixth Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Keedysville (Centreville), September 15, 1862-9 p. m.

Major General WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN:

Your dispatches of 3.15 p. m. and 4 p. m. have been received. Sumner's Hooker's and Banks' move immediately. Mansfield's and Burnside's corps are here.

The regulars are also here, and the remainder of Porter's corps is at Middletown. The enemy was found in position in considerable force this afternoon, just beyond this place. The troops have not been able to come up sufficiently to-day to enable us to attack the enemy, but a reconnaissance will be made at daylight, and if he is found to be in position, he will be attacked. The general wishes you to send out to-night a squadron of cavalry to picket the Frederick pike.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Lieutenant Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No.-. In the Field, September 15, 1862.

I. The operation of the Special Orders of yesterday's date, assigning General Burnside to the command of the right wing, owing to the necessary separation of the Third [First] Corps, is temporarily suspended. General Hooker will report direct to these headquarters.

II. Brigadier General J. K. F. Mansfield is temporarily assigned to the command of Bank's corps.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, September 15, 1862.

Major-General BANKS:

GENERAL: The General-in-Chief directs that a camp be established near the fortifications for the stragglers of the army, hereafter collected in this city. They will be provisionally organized into companies and regiments, according to the corps to which they belong, and officered by officers who arrive in the city en route to their commands. They will be sent to join their corps when their number renders it necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

