
from Great Falls to Point of Rocks. He is to have his main force at a central point, to be selected by him, such as Poolesville.

I will send all Casey's troops over the river this afternoon or to-morrow morning, and will carry out your instructions as far as practicable.

The following came through Colonel Davies, Second New York Cavalry, last night:

I have to report return of two scouts, Harrish Light Cavalry, from Leesburg, early this morning. There are 300 sick there; no others. The last brigade left on Friday for Winchester; it was 2,500 strong. Another brigade left the day before for Harper's Ferry. As far as they could learn, there is no enemy between Harper's Ferry and Leesburg. The force at Winchester is reported large, and General Johnston, who came from Gordonsville, is said to be in command there. Many of the sick said they hoped to be captured, to be paroled.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, September 15, 1862-2.10 p. m.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN:

The General-in-Chief directs that General Stoneman proceed without delay to the Upper Potomac, with six of his regiments of his own division, to take command, also, of the two regiments and battery now there. He is to guard the crossings from Great Falls to Point of Rocks, having his main force at some central position, such as Poolesville, to be selected by him. General McClellan telegraphs that the affair yesterday at base of South Mountain was a complete success at all points. The enemy are in full retreat. All the troops, new and old, he says, behaved splendidly. General Reno was killed. Please acknowledge.

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON,Washington, September 15, 1862-2.15 p. m.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN, Arlington:

The commanding general learns that you have ordered Briggs' brigade, of Casey's command, to remain under General Whipple's orders. General Briggs has never, so far as is known at these headquarters, been relieved from duty under General Casey, who is under orders to concentrate his command on the other side. Please report the circumstances and the object of your order to General Whipple.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON,September 15, 1862-2.30 p. m.

Major-General HINTZELMAN,

Commanding South of Potomac:

GENERAL: Dispatches from General McClellan represent the enemy in full retreat before him in the direction of Shepherdstown. He ad-

