
OPERATIONS IN NORTHERN VIRGINIA, WEST VIRGINIA, MARYLAND, AND PENNSYLVANIA.

September 3-November 14, 1862.

PART II.

REPORTS................. September 20-November 14.*

CORRESPONDENCE, ETC..... September 3-November 14.

SEPTEMBER 22, 1862.-Skirmish at Ashby's Gap, Va.

Report of Colonel R. Butler Price, Second Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade, Third Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fort Blenker, Va., September 25, 1862.

LIEUTENANT-COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in conformity with orders from headquarters of the Third Army Corps, I proceeded, on the 20th instant, at 4 p. m., with a portion (800 men) of the brigade under my command, and one section of the Third U. S. Artillery, commanded by Lieutenant Shuetz, to Ashby's Gap, for the purpose of capturing or destroying a large train of wagons, reported to be in that vicinity. After passing the village of Aldie, at Bull Run Gap, we encountered the pickets of the enemy. Skirmishing was kept up from that point for a distance of 10 or 12 miles, when the advance guard, aided by two companies of the First Vermont, while closely following a party of about 60 men, came suddenly upon the main body (about 400) of the Sixth Virginia Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Green. The order to charge was promptly obeyed. After a short but severe struggle, the enemy broke in great disorder, some taking to the woods but the principal part going through the gap. Their horses were fresh, and could not be overtaken. Having been instructed not to go through the gap, I halted, and, after a short rest, returned, arriving in camp on the 23rd instant, at 5 p. m.

The object of the expedition, I regret, was not accomplished, the train having been removed to the other side of the ridge on the day before. Three wagons only remained, one, empty and without horses, found and burned in Paris. The other two, contain a few articles of little value, were captured.

Our loss was as follows:+

---------------

* For Summary of Principal Events, see Part I.

+Nominal list omitted, shows 1 officer (Captain S. G. Perkins, First Vermont Cavalry) killed, and 2 officers (Lieutenant Colonel A. W. Adams) and 6 enlisted men, First Vermont Cavalry, wounded.

---------------

