
afternoon at 2 o'clock when we returned to Baltimore. During that time we had no rest or sleep, except what little could be taken in the cars.

From want of cavalry, we could not follow the enemy, as he,from reports made to mae, kept continually on the trot, and sometimes even galloped his horses.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Numbers 2. Report of Major General George B. McClellan, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Potomac.*
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 12, 1862-6 p. m.

The rebel cavalry under Stuart, which left Chambersburg yesterday morning in the direction of gettysburg, reached the Potomac, near the mouth of the Monocacy, at about 9 a. m. to-day, having marched about 100 miles in twenty-four hours. General Stoneman, who was at Poolesville, near where the rebels passed, was ordered by telegraph, at 1 o'clock p. m. yesterday, to keep his cavalry well out on all the different approaches from the direction of Frederick,so as to give him time to mass his forces to resist their crossing into Virginia. As you will see from the dispatch of General Pleasonton, just received and herewith transmitted, it does not appear that the complied with this order. He will be called upon for an explanation of this matter. It would seem that Pleasonton's forces, although within but a short distance of Poolesville, received but little assistance from Stoneman.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Camp near Mouth of Monocacy, October 12, [1862]- 1.30 p. m.

General R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff:

This morning, after my dispatch of 1.30 my advance guard met Stuart, disguised in our uniform, and, before they were recognized, a fire was opened, and, very soon after,their guns began to play upon us. In consequence of the weakness of the battery horses, they having marched 78 miles in the last twenty-four hours, they could not move the pieces, and I had only two pieces that I could bring to bear on the enemy.

This continued for upward of an hour, when I succeeded in getting up my six guns and soon silenced their battery. They retreated hastily and covered the ford, 3 miles below, with their guns on this side and some guns that were placed in position for them on the other. I sent a regiment of cavalry and some infantry down the towpath to intercept their crossing, and used every exertion to get my guns to follow them, but horses could not pull up the hills, and I was obliged to use men. This took time enough for the rebels to escape. There was no artillery at this point, and, with the exception of a few infantry companies, I had no assistance. I held Stuart in check for tho hours, but, for the reasons I have assigned, it was necessary to have timely assistance to capture his party. My men have behaved admirably.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

Six regiments of my cavalry had been sent to Cumberland to prevent the rebel depredations upon the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, which

---------------

*See also Part I, pp. 72-74.

---------------

