
vises the movement of all troops that can be spared to the south side of the river, which will be done. It is possible that our forces may be called upon to join the pursuit of the enemy, and I would suggest that you put your command, as far as possible, in condition to march to the front. There should be no delaying providing transportation, rations, &amp;c.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES SOUTH OF THE POTOMAC,September 15, 1862.

Captain IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I would prefer giving General Stoneman his division.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON,September 15, 1862-3.50 p. m.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN, Arlington:

Your telegrams of 1.30, 2.30, and another, hour not given, were all received at 3.40. General Stoneman should take two days' rations in haversacks, and three, if possible, in wagons. His whole division cannot be spared from the other side. Let him take the largest and best brigade. His command up the river, though highly important at this moment, is but temporary. The exigency cannot extend beyond a few days.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON,September 15, 1862-9.30 p. m.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN, Arlington:

The commanding general approves your suggestion to send a division to occupy Fairfax Court-House and fairfax Station with a sufficient force of effective cavalry to push reconnaissances well beyond. Sorebacked and broken-down horses should be left to rest for the present. Measures will be taken to have the railway put in repair immediately. The lines of defenses should be left perfect. Please report what division and what cavalry goes, and at what hour they will march. General Banks thinks it best for General Stoneman to carry out his original instructions, and go up on this side of the river, but will give him discretionary orders in regard to crossing. Please direct General Stonema, if he has not gone, to report in person at these headquarters to-morrow morning to receive his orders. Please acknowledge.

RICH'D B. IRWIN

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

