
such men as are fit for active service will be armed before joining their regiments.

XI. A consolidated morning report of the convalescent camp, stated, as far as practicable, by divisions, will be made to these headquarters on the 10th, 20th, and last days of the month.

XII. Orders will be given from these headquarters, from time to time, as opportunity offers, for forwarding the officers and men to their regiments.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 15, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Greencastle, Pa.:

Do everything in your power to assist General McClellan by harassing the rear of Longstreet.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 15, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Gettysburg, Pa.:

You will move your forces to the assistance of General McClellan in the direction of Hagerstown and Williamsport, and seek to harass the enemy by attacking his flank and rear, capturing stragglers, and destroying his trains. You will report to any ranking officer you meet.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FREDERICK, MD., September 15, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

SIR: Last night General Brooks took position in Burkittsville Gap [Crampton's Pass], and drove the rebels from their guns. Generals Franklin, Smith, and Brooks pushed forward this morning for Harper's Ferry. From 6 o'clock up till 9.30 this morning heavy firing toward Harper's Ferry. The rebels are falling back to the river.

W. J. GAINES.

POINT OF ROCKS, MD., September 15, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON or Colonel STAGER:

A young man, a straggler from the Eighth Virginia Regiment, left Maryland Heights at 9 o'clock this morning. He states Maryland Heights were occupied by Jones' brigade Saturday evening. Harper's Ferry was surrendered to Jackson at 9 o'clock this morning. The force at Harper's Ferry, under Jackson, was 30,000. Lee was at Hagerstown Hill commanded in front of McClellan yesterday. Hill was to be re-enforced this morning by Longstreet. Hill fell back last night, leaving a brigade and six pieces on the mountain. On being attacked, the brigade

