
mass of inflammable material which ignites on the slightest provocation. A city so prone to burst into flame, and thus become dangerous to its neighbors, should be controlled by the strong arm of the Government whenever these paroxysms of excitement occur.

3d. Fort Federal Hill completely commands the city, and is capable, from its proximity to the principal business quarters, of assailing any one without injury to the others. The hill seems to have been placed there by nature as a site for a permanent citadel, and I beg to suggest whether a neglect to appropriate it to its obvious design would not be an unpardonable dereliction of duty.

As I was more than ten months in command at Baltimore, and as Fort Federal Hill and Fort Marshall were undertaken and completed on my recommendations and under my supervision, I trust I shall be excused for these suggestions. General Collum went over the ground with me before the plan of defense, of which the two forts referred to were the principal parts, was formally adopted, and is familiar with the whole subject.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., September 15, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The following just received from Greencastle, dated 9 a. m., September 15:

United States cavalry, from Harper's Ferry, has arrived at Greencastle, under command of Colonel Davis, Eighth New York. It consists of Twelfth Illinois, under Colonel Voss; Eighth New York, Colonel Davis, and tow companies each of Rhode Island and Maryland cavalry. The force is 1,300 strong. They left Harper's Ferry at 9 o'clock last evening, and cut their way through. One mile out from Williamsport they captured Longstreet's ordnance train, comprising 40 wagons; also brought in 40 prisoners. Fighting has been going on for two days at Harper's Ferry. The enemy occupy Maryland and Loudoun Heights, and were planting their cannon in front of Bolivar Heights all day yesterday. Colonel Davis says he thinks Colonel Miles will surrender this morning. Colonel Miles desires his condition made known to the War Department.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

HARRISBURG, PA., September 15, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Reports this morning from battle of yesterday in Middletown Valley are not favorable. No decisive result, but McClellan's forces said to have been driven back 2 miles. Longstreet's corps left Hagerstown at 2 p. m. to re-enforce rebel column for battle of to-day. Our army needs all the aid possible in that quarter.

A. G. CURTIN.

[BOONSBOROUGH], September 15, 1862 - 8 a. m.

Gov. ANDREW G. CURTIN, Harrisburg:

I have the pleasure of announcing the you that we gained a complete victory over the enemy yesterday afternoon, and have now entire pos-

20 R R - VOL XIX, PT II

