
session of the South Mountain range. I congratulate you on the gallant behavior of the Pennsylvania Reserves, who, as well as all the troops, both old and new, acted with the greatest steadiness and gallantry. The army is moving in pursuit of the enemy.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S., 8.30 A. M. - I have just learned that the enemy are making for Shepherdstown in a perfect panic. Please have any damage done to the Hagerstown [road] repaired at once, as I shall want to use it for my supplies.

HARRISBURG, PA., September 15, 1862.

Major-General MCCLELLAN,

Headquarters near Bolivar:

Your glorious message just received. Look out for Jackson's column from Harper's Ferry, where it has been fighting Miles for two days; also for Longstreet's column, which moved from Boonsborough last night to re-enforce Lee. It is thought that both will combine with Lee to give you another heavy battle. General Reynolds has gone to Chambersburg, and will have the 10,000 militia there to-night; also 2,000 good cavalry. Part of them are from Harper's Ferry, under Colonel Davis. They cut their way through last night, and report that Colonel Davis. They cut their way through last night, and report that Colonel Miles would be obliged to surrender this morning, unless Jackson leaves to re-enforce Lee against your army.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

HARRISBURG, September 15, 1862.

Major-General MCCLELLAN:

Railroad to Hagerstown is all in order, and telegraph line working there. Town was taken possession of by our forces at 4 p. m. to-day.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

HARRISBURG, PA., September 15, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army:

In addition to the cavalry at Greencastle, there are two regiments of cavalry, with two pieces of artillery, at Gettysburg, Pa., under command of Colonel McReynolds, of New York cavalry. Cannot they be used to harass the enemy on the flank or in the rear by crossing over to Greencastle or Hagerstown? You can reach them by telegraph from Washington.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

WHEELING, VA., September 15, 1862 - 7.30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Colonel Lightburn has fallen back to the Ohio River, at Ravenswood, with small loss. With the aid of Governor Tod, we can re-enforce Light-

