
burn with 9,000 troops, new levies. I want Colonel Crook, or some experienced officer, to assist in command, and we can drive the whole rebel force out of Kanawha Valley; but I must have 1,900 guns.

F. H. PEIRPOINT,

Governor.

WHEELING, VA., September 15, 1862 - 10 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

If General Hartsuff if well, send him to Gallipolis. The rebels are moving slowly down the Kanawha, and our forces are concentrating at Gallipolis. Hartsuff is well acquainted with that country.

F. H. PEIRPOINT,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 16, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: I beg to direct your attention to the immediate necessity of a military force to protect the powder mills of Messrs. Du pont, on the Brandywine. You are aware that a large portion of the Government ammunition is made there, the works being the largest in the world. I have been informed that in the last war with Great Britain a guard of 4,000 men was kept there. It seems to me that at least an equal force is now necessary.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 16, 1862.

Brigadier-General REYNOLDS,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

In view of the possibility of a sudden raid or a disguised body of rebels being made or sent to destroy the powder mills near Wilmington, Del., the Secretary of War suggests that a guard of Pennsylvania militia be sent temporarily to guard these mills. They can very soon be replaced by volunteers. At present every available man must be sent to General McClellan.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Bivouac near Sharpsburg, Md., September 16, 1862 - 7 a. m.

(Received 12 m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The enemy yesterday held a position just in front of Sharpsburg. When our troops arrived in sufficient force it was too late in the day to attack. This morning a heavy fog has thus far prevented us doing more than to ascertain that some of the enemy are sill there. Do not know in what force. Will attack as soon as situation of enemy is developed. I learn Miles surrendered 8 a. m. yesterday unconditionally. I fear his

