
resistance was not as stubborn as it might have been. Had he held the Maryland Heights he would inevitably have been saved. The time lost on account of the fog is being occupied in getting up supplies, for the want of which many of our men are suffering.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 16, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Corps, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The general commanding has learned that, although your corps was ordered to be in a designated position at 12 m. to-day, at or bear sunset only one division and four batteries had reached the ground intended for your troops.

The general has also been advised that there was a delay of some four hours in the movement of your command yesterday. I am instructed to call upon you for explanations of these failures on your part to comply with the orders given you, and to add, in view of the important military operations now at hand, the commanding general cannot lightly regard such marked departure from the tenor of his instructions.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

----------

---------

,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

ADVANCE, THREE QUARTERS OF A MILE

TOWARD WHARPSBURG FROM BOONSBOROUGH,

[September 16 [?], 1862] - 11 a. m.

Captain DUANE or General MARCY,

Chief of Staff:

People of the country report the enemy in position just beyond Centreville [Keedysville], on a high ridge, above a small stream, where the valley is clear of wood. For a mile or two in advance of here the road is wooded on the right of the road and clear on the left, as they report. Pleasonton, with Tidball's battery, followed Fitzhugh Lee toward Hagerstown, and General Richardson, without cavalry, in advance, moves about 2 miles, or 1 1/2, an hour. A man in Bonsborough said he counted their guns, and there were fifty; also there was a large baggage train.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant, Engineers.

P. S. - If you will send me two or three orderlies, I will report every hour.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,Numbers 244. Washington, September 16, 1862.

* * * * * * *

IV. Birg. General W. F. Barry, in addition to his other duties, will report to Major-General Banks, as chief of artillery of the defenses of Washington.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

