
HARRISBURG, PA., September 16, 1862 - 5.30 p. m.

President LINCOLN:

The following just received from Hagerstown:

Jackson has recrossed the Potomac, and General McClellan has engaged him with a large force a few miles this side of Sharpsburg, 10 miles from here. The whole rebel army in Maryland will probably be annihilated or captured to-night. McClellan is on the battle-field.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

HARRISBURG, PA., September 16, 1862 - 11 p. m.

The PRESIDENT:

Captain Palmer telegraphs me from Hagerstown as follows:

I rode to General McClellan's headquarters at Keedysville at 12 o'clock last night, and have just returned, leaving there at noon. The general believes that Harper's Ferry surrendered yesterday morning, and that Jackson re-enforced Lee at Sharpsburg last night. The enemy have a strong position on the west bank of the Antietam Creek, opposite Sharpsburg. McClellan's army lies on east bank, within shooting distance, but under excellent cover. The battle will begin this afternoon. Hooker was moving to open the ball at about noon. Rebels appear encouraged at arrival of their re-enforcements. General McClellan at first thought he would send a large force of Pleasonton's cavalry, with artillery, to this point - which is Jones' Cross-Roads, on Sharpsburg pike - but finally concluded not to send them so far off; but he ordered down the Harper's Ferry cavalry, 1,300 in number, to support my 300, and desires all the force that can be sent from Cumberland Valley to come here immediately. Please push this matter.

We have no infantry or artillery sufficiently well organized to march into Maryland to support McClellan, but a force of ten or fifteen good regiments, with some artillery, thrown on the flank and rear of the enemy by to-morrow night might be of immense service. If General Wool can forward that number from Baltimore to-night and to-morrow night. We are busy organizing our militia at Chambersburg, and in a few days will have a respectable reserve for checking invasions. What can be done? Please advise.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

FREDERICK, MD., September 16, 1862.

Colonel STAGER:

Jackson in person was in command at Harper's Ferry. General A. P. Hill remained to conclude terms of surrender. Jackson left there in the morning, going up the valley. Troops were crossing the Potomac all last night, and going toward Winchester without stopping. Supposed that about 40,000 of all arms crossed during the night. Passed their pickets at Knoxville.

LOUNSBERRY,

Operator.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 16, 1862.

Governor PEIRPOINT, Wheeling, Va.:

General Crook and General Hartsuff are both fighting in the field at the present time, and cannot now be reached. Can you name some other general for the Kanawha, who is familiar with the country?

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

