
HAGERSTOWN, MD.,

September 17, 1862 - 9.30 p. m. (Received 10 p. m.)

Brigadier-General RIPLEY:

General McClellan desires that duplicate ammunition be sent, one part to Hagerstown and the other to Frederick - 20-pounder Parrott, 10-pounder Parrott, 12-pounder Napoleon, 12-pounder and 32-pounder howitzer ammunition, and small-arm ammunition, except .54, .58, .69, and .57; Sharps' ammunition and pistol ammunition.

N. B. SWEITZER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., September 17, 1862.

General MCCLELLAN,

Near Hagerstown, Md.:

Telegram received. A special train will soon leave with the 20-pounder ammunition asked for. It will go in charge of an ordnance officer and will be in Hagerstown to-morrow morning. Other ammunition will follow to Frederick and Hagerstown as soon as possible.

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Ordnance.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., September 17, 1862.

JOHN W. GARRETT, Esq.,

President, &amp;c., Baltimore:

We are making up a train, to consist of a locomotive and one baggage car loaded with ammunition, which General McClellan wants in the morning at Hagerstown, if possible. This train must have the right of way on the entire route, and must be run as fast as any express passenger train could be run. It will be ready to start in two or three hours from this time. Can you make the necessary arrangements to push it through, via Harrisburg?

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

BALTIMORE, MD., September 17, 1862.

Honorable P. H. WATSON:

We make arrangements to forward the number of cars stated, without delay. Will send through Northern Central road, and we at once advise that company to make all necessary preparations to transport to Hagerstown as speedily as possible.

J. W. GARRETT,

President

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., September 17, 1862 - 12 p. m.

To the officers, or any of them, of the Northern Central Railroad, Pennsylvania Central Railroad, and Cumberland Vallye Railroad, at Harrisburg, Pa.:

An ammunition train will leave here about 1 o'clock a. m. for Hagerstown, via Harrisburg, to be run through at the fastest possible speed,

