
Ferry does not lead near to the Shenandoah except at its mouth, at Harper's Ferry.

According to the secession story, there were 14.000 men at Harper's Ferry when it surrendered.

Yours, respectfully,

J. M. DAVIES,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Inclosure.]

DRANESVILLE,

September 16, 1862 - 10 p. m.

COLONEL: I send you a rebel scout or spy, who has just come from the fight at Boonsborough; crossed the river 2 miles above Harper's Ferry. Colonel Miles has surrendered, after some fighting. He may not have done so, but I am about certain this scout was at the fight on Sunday. Is impudent as the devil, and knows everything; was taken by my pickets. Nine regiments of infantry, thirty pieces of artillery, and some cavalry passed the Shenandoah, on the Leesburg pike, to Harper's Ferry; were then going to Harper's Ferry; they came from Winchester. Small guards of rebels at Edwards and Conrad's Ferries. I shall not go far to the left of Leesburg, not for fear of troops, but there is a column going to Harper's Ferry, and I can observe them better on the pike leading to Leesburg. I think a column is coming through Snicker's Gap, marching along this side the mountains; another on the other side. Over 30,000 men were at Winchester till noon yesterday. All are now marching to Harper's Ferry. I shall observe them.

KILPATRICK.

P. S. - I also send you a man from Maryland, a good man, who came near being a rebel.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

September 17, 1862 - 11.40 a. m.

Major-General WOOL:

It is reported that a large number of men, late of the garrison at Harper's Ferry, are straggling in the vicinity of the Monocacy. The Secretary of War directs you to take steps immediately to have them collected; those not paroled organized and sent to their army corps; those paroled marched on foot to Annapolis. Send supplies to meet them. Acknowledge receipt of this.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 17, 1862.

Major-General WOOL, Baltimore, Md.:

Send to Hagerstown, to report to General McClellan, all the troops you can spare. Also, see that all ammunition and other supplies are forwarded as expeditiously as possible. If necessary, take military possession of the railroads for that purpose.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

