
The railways here are perfectly and fully organized. They will do everything possible for the Government, to the exclusion of everything else, if needed.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

HARRISBURG, PA.,

September 17, 1862. (Received 10 p. m.)

General RIPLEY, Chief of Ordnance:

Send immediately two millions more "buck and ball," .69 caliber, and one million .58 caliber. They are needed, in addition to previous orders.

Can you send us ten thousand stand muskets, with accouterment?

A. G. CURTIN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF PENNSYLVANIA,Hagerstown, Md., September 17, 1862 - noon.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I am informed that your communication with General McClellan is interrupted. The latest reports from my vedettes describe the battle as very severe at 11 a. m. The enemy's right rested on Sharpsburg pike, 2 miles this side of Sharpsburg. Our left was on the northeast side of Antietam Creek, near Porterstown. The enemy is reported to be retreating toward Williamsport, at which point my vedettes report the bridge burned and aqueduct destroyed by us. The enemy may possibly endeavor to break through here, or may strike across to Dam Numbers 4, if it is not held by us. None but very raw troops here - infantry. Shall I telegraph direct again, or through General Reynolds?

MORTON MCMICHAEL, JR.,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp, Commanding.

HAGERSTOWN, MD.,

September 17, 1862 - 5.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Heavy and continuous firing heard in direction of Williamsport since 4 o'clock; now continues. About forty shots per minute are heard, apparently coming nearer. Scouts report that at 3.30 o'clock the enemy were on the run toward the Williamsport road. I think enemy have made another stand, flanking toward Williamsport; the heavy cannonading would so indicate.

MORTON MCMICHAEL, JR.,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

CAMDEN STATION,

Baltimore, Md., September 17, 1862. (Received 5 p. m.)

H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Major-General McClellan telegraphed to me his great anxiety for the early reconstruction of the Monocacy Bridge. Anticipating his wishes.

21 R R - VOL XIX, PT II

