
we rapidly gathered men and material for the prosecution of the work. Our men have been much interfered with by the military in the vicinity, and their appeals to the officers in command there for proper protection at their work have been fruitless. Our engineer in charge of the work has just telegraphed me as follows:

MONOCACY, MD., September 17, 1862 - 3.25 p. m.

I find it impossible to accomplish anything here unless you can get such orders as will keep the soldiers away from the bridge and from our hand-cars and materials. They have every stick of timber we had in the river out in the middle of the stream; some of it a quarter of a mile below the bridge. I have spoken to the colonels and majors, but it is of no avail. I hope such orders will be sent at once, by telegraph, as will prevent the interference, and make them bring the timber back.

W. C. QUINCY.

May I ask that you telegraph such orders as will enable us to accomplish, at the earliest practicable moment, this most important work? Our officers report that several thousand soldiers are encamped in the vicinity of bridge.

J. W. GARRETT,

President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.
HEADQUARTERS,Keedysville, Md., September 18, 1862 - 8 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army:

The battle of yesterday continued for fourteen hours, and until after dark. We held all we gained, except a portion of the extreme left; that was obliged to abandon a part of what it had gained. Our losses very heavy, especially in general officers. The battle will probably be renewed to-day. Send all the troops you can by the most expeditious route.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., September 18, 1862 - 10 a. m.

Major General GEORGE B. MCCLELLAN,

Commanding, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac, near Sharpsburg, Md.:

Your telegram to General Ripley, saying, "If you can possibly do it, force some 20-pounder Parrott ammunition through to-night, via Hagerstown and Chambersburg, to us, near Sharpsburg, Md.," was received between 10 and 11 o'clock last night, and 2,500 rounds of this ammunition was ordered, with the least practicable delay, from the Arsenal, and arrangements made to run it through on all the roads at express passenger speed. It is now at or near Harrisburg, Pa., and will reach Hagerstown by noon to-day.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

