
setts, just installed for duty here. The colonel of the Nineteenth informs me that he has but 850 men - raw and undisciplined troops. As it requires over 800 men for daily duty, the Nineteenth will be insufficient. I am compelled, therefore, to ask, in addition to the Nineteenth, another regiment, or that the Thirty-third be allowed to remain. The withdrawal of troops before caused disorder, and, unless I have at least 1,200 men, Alexandria will be overrun again. I would appeal to General Banks, but I am there unheard, and must, therefore, to you.

JNumbers P. SLOUGH,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,Numbers 248. Washington, September 18, 1862.

I. Brigadier General Herman Haupt, U. S. Volunteers, is authorized and directed to do whatever he may deem expedient to facilitate the transportation of troops and supplies to aid the armies now in the field in Virginia and Maryland.

* * * * * * *

IV. Brigadier General Nelson Taylor, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person, without delay, to Major-General McClellan, commanding Army of the Potomac.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

Washington, September 18, 1862.

Gov. ANDREW G. CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

By direction of the Secretary of War, two millions of buck and ball cartridges and one million of cartridges of .58 caliber have been ordered to be sent to you from New York, with dispatch.

I am instructed to inquire if all the arms in the State arsenal have been issued to troops in the field, and to say that until this is done no more can be issued.

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Ordnance.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 18, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN F. REYNOLDS,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

Give General McClellan all aid in your power. No troops have arrived here for the last two days, and it is supposed that some must have been detained in Pennsylvania. General Wool has none to spare from Baltimore.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

