
some musket ammunition, which I am now loading up, and will forward it up the valley if the other cannot reach here. We had arrangements perfected through to move the train 40 miles per hour. Please answer.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

HARRISBURG, PA.,

September 18, 1862 - 10 a. m.

E. M. STANTON:

Hagerstown reports no firing up to 9 o'clock. A rumor is prevalent that McClellan granted armistice to bury dead. Your ammunition train left Baltimore 7.30, and will be put though quick. Governor and staff have gone to Hagerstown to expedite movement of Pennsylvania forces to battle-field. Surgeon Smith also gone, with 40 surgeons.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

HARRISBURG, PA.,

September 18, 1862 - 2.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Ammunition has been delivered at Hagerstown. Stock in this arsenal has gone up also by train this p. m. The Governor ordered more ammunition and some arms last night. They are needed. Will they be sent? Chief of Ordnance telegraphs Governor that he refers it to you. Please answer.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Aide-de-Camp.

PHILADELPHIA, PA.,

September 18, 1862 - 10 a. m.

Honorable JOHN TUCKER,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Our shop hands at Reading have volunteered in a body. Governor Curtin has accepted them, and ordered them to Harrisburg. If you cannot stop them our road will stop, and your coal will stop also. It requires instant attention, as they mean to leave to-day.

CHAS. E. SMITH.

HAGERSTOWN, MD.,

September 18, 1862 - 1 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

A large portion of the Pennsylvania militia, now here, have declined to move forward, as requested by Major-General McClellan. General Reynolds left for McClellan's headquarters last night, at McClellan's request, and left me here, with instructions to send all of the troops forward. About 2,500 have gone, but the Tenth, Eleventh, Twelfth, Thirteenth, and Fifteenth Regiments, numbering about 800 each, decline to proceed. The Fourteenth has not yet finally decided whether to go of not. Governor Curtin has just arrived, and may induce the troops to advance.

I. VOGDES,

Major, &amp;c.

