
HAGERSTOWN, MD., September 18, 1862.

Colonel A. STAGER:

General Reynolds started to join General McClellan. He took some Pennsylvania militia with him. Governor Curtin will be here at noon to hurry others up. No official information from the front. It is rumored that an armistice has been asked for by General Jackson. No firing heard to-day as yet. As soon as wire arrives, I start to build a line to Boonsborough.

W. B. WILSON.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 19, 1862 - 8.30 a. m. (Received 11 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

But little occurred yesterday except skirmishing, being fully occupied in replenishing ammunition, taking care of wounded, &amp;c. Last night the enemy abandoned his position, leaving his dead and wounded on the field. We are again in pursuit. I do not yet know whether he is falling back to an interior position or crossing the river. We may safely claim a complete victory.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 19, 1862 - 10.30 a. m. (Received 11 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Pleasonton is driving the enemy across the river. Our victory was complete. The enemy is driven back into Virginia. Maryland and Pennsylvania are now safe.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

September 19, 1862. (Sent 12.30 p. m.)

Major-General MCCLELLAN:

Yours of 8.30 and 10.30 are just received. All available troops from railroad guards were sent to you yesterday. Enemy's forces at Leesburg were moved yesterday. Stoneman's provisional division, unless ordered otherwise by you, is still guarding fords below Point of Rocks. So long as the river remains low there is much danger of a movement below your left. Letters received here give it as a part of Lee's original plan to draw you as far as possible up the Potomac, and them move between you and Washington. Perhaps his defeat may be such as to prevent the attempt.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

