
HARRISBURG, PA., September 19, 1862.

Brigadier-General RIPLEY, Chief of Ordnance:

Your message received. The arms in State arsenal are issued only to troops in the field. Our supply is nearly exhausted. We have less than 3,000 stand in arsenal, and no accouterments. Men are constantly pouring in under the late call. My wish is to anticipate a deficiency, and not have men lying here by thousands waiting for arms.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

HAGERSTOWN, MD., September 19, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Your dispatch of 10 a. m. reached me here while I was on the battle-field, to which place I started last night with the force of militia. I had at this place about 4,000 men, and directed the remainder to be forwarded to-day, expecting to bring on the field to-day about 14,000 men, but, much to my surprise, all the regiments refused to march. They are now all at this point, or will be about here to-night. What will be done, or can be done, with the force here I cannot say, though I do not think much can be expected of them - not very much. The Governor is here. I apprised General McClellan of these circumstances to-day by letter. The Governor will take them to the field, if it is necessary, to-morrow.

JOHN F. REYNOLDS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

September 19, 1862 - 7.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The lieutenant-colonel commanding the One hundred and thirty-first New York, at Patuxent, has just refused to obey my orders, saying that he was under the orders of General Banks. The order was repeated, but it now appear that he will not be ready to proceed until 12 o'clock to-night, if then. From the description which the quartermaster of the regiment, who has just arrived, gives me of its condition, I find that it would be utterly useless in the field. I have, therefore, ordered it to Annapolis, where we want several regiments (at least three or four) to keep the paroled prisoners in order. We shall soon have more than 20,000 at that place. I have no more regiments to send from here. All that could be spared have been sent to General McClellan.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

September 19, 1862 - 11.40 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

We have about 10,000 prisoners surrendered at Harper's Ferry, and ordered to Annapolis. These, with what are there, will make 20,000. We require, to keep these men in order, four regiments. I have one miserable regiment at Annapolis. I have another ordered from Patuxent there, but it is a very poor regiment. Two other regiments ought to be sent there immediately, in consequence of the plundering propensities of the prisoners, of which there are many complaints. I have none to spare, having sent all I could spare to General McClellan. I have a dis-

