
patch that the rebels have recrossed the Potomac. Look out for Washington. You are not out of the woods. The rebels are a day a half in advance of McClellan.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

[P. S.] - Colonel Miles had about 12,000 men for the defense of Harper's Ferry, including 1,500 cavalry, which made their escape before the surrender.

WEVERTON, MD., September 19, 1862.

Captain ECKERT:

Pontoon bridge at Harper'r Ferry destroyed last night. No enemy in Harper's Ferry, except small scouting parties coming in occasionally. All the property the rebels could not move from Harper's Ferry they have destroyed. All our pickets in this vicinity have been ordered in. We have none above Point of Rocks. I will put line in order to Sandy Hook, and work there to-night. We have no troops in Harper's Ferry. Just saw two of Maryland cavalry who visited Harper's Ferry.

ED. CONWAY.

P. S. - No firing heard for last hour and a half. I am 13 miles from Sharpsburg; 6 from Burkittsville.

HAGERSTOWN, MD., September 19, 1862 - 9.30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Our information this evening, from a reliable source, is that the enemy in front of McClellan commenced to cross the river last night, and finished this morning. They are all on the south side. A force of the enemy occupies Williamsport and threatens Hagerstown; numbers not ascertained, but further information expected to-night. About 7,000 Pennsylvania militia, under General Reynolds, have gone toward Williamsport. In case of any attack on Hagerstown, which I do not apprehend, we will take care that no considerable amount of supplies falls into the hands of the enemy.

H. HAUPT.

HARRISBURG, PA., September 19, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

If the victory in Maryland is complete, and the rebels driven across the Potomac or captured, shall the Governor arrange immediately to disband State forces called out to resist invasion? Governor is in Maryland. Please advise.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Aide-de-Camp.

WASHINGTON, September 19, 1862.

General REYNOLDS, Hagerstown, Md.:

Please report the regiments which refused to march when ordered.*

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

* Answer, if any, not found; but see Vogdes to Halleck, p. 329.

