
and with cannon. I have not a gun on this side. I have sent Colonel Barnes temporarily to the top of the hill to support Loved. I will get Meade [Warren] over as soon as I can. I think more troops ought to be here, and some one in authority.

GEO. SYKES,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 20, 1862.

General STONEMAN, Poolesville:

It is represented here that wounded officers of Stuart's cavalry are on the Maryland side, un paroled. This matter must not be neglected.

It is also represented that the troops of your division are pillaging and plundering the country. Stringent measures must be resorted to to enforce order.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

POINT OF ROCKS, MD.,

September 20, 1862 - 11.30 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I have had but one case (of a wounded officer) reported to me, and the person reporting him did not know his whereabouts. I know of no officer of the rebel army in Maryland, unparoled. The whole country is covered with stragglers from General McClellan's army, and they are the depredators. I am trying to collect them together. Every means in our power has been taken to prevent pillaging by the troops under my command. From the time we left Washington squads of men were passed, who said they had been sent forward to find and join their regiments. Some were out of hospitals, &amp;c. They are now all being stopped at the mouth of the Monocacy.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Brigadier-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, September 20, 1862 - 3 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel R. INGALLS,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac, near Sharpsburg:

It is reported that the Monocacy Bridge will be passable to-morrow. The railroad to Hagerstown is of small capacity, and liable to be blocked up if attempts are made to move too much over it. Consider this in arranging and ordering supplies.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

WASHINGTON, September 20, 1862 - 12.40 p. m.

Major General GEORGE B. MCCLELLAN:

I communicate the following telegram, just received from General Stoneman, for your information:

POINT OF ROCKS,

[September] 20, 1862 - 10 a. m.

General BANKS:

The force I sent to Harper's Ferry last night has just returned. The crossed the river and found no enemy in the place, but about 300 of our sick and wounded there.

