
this morning. As soon as the cavalry returns, I will send another force of cavalry toward the Rapidan. We hear nothing of any enemy in our front. I am inclined to think that, under present circumstances, General Stoneman and Birney's brigade, at least, might rejoin their division. It ought to be got together, to enable Stoneman to put it in condition to take the field. As Stoneman is so near you, I prefer to give no orders in the matter without knowing your views.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON,September 22, 1862 - 3.20 p. m.

Brigadier General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Point of Rocks:

Your telegram received. The commanding general telegraphs to General McClellan respecting your withdrawal, and confirming your views of the importance of bringing your division together. Will let you know decision at earliest possible moment.

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

BALTIMORE, MD., September 22, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Brigadier-General Kelley reports that the rebels attacked Back Creek Bridge, but were repulsed; not, however, before they destroyed the bridge by fire. He reports that Colonel Wilkinson informed him that a rebel force was in the vicinity of Sutton, Braxton County, and thinks they are preparing to cross toward Clarksburg.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 22, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL, Baltimore, Md.:

GENERAL: The General-in-Chief desires a return in detail of the troops under your command and their position at present. Please inform him by telegraph what troops you have in and about Baltimore and at other posts and stations in this vicinity, and on the Eastern Shore of Maryland.

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., September 22, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

In reply to your telegram, inquiring the number of troops in and about Baltimore, the following is sent: New regiments, just sent and in camp at Baltimore, One hundred and fourteenth New York, 1,017

