
men; One hundred and sixteenth New York, 1,000 men; One hundred and tenth New York, 720 men; Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, recently recruited, 600 men, and Company B, Purnell Legion Cavalry, 95 men. Total, 3,432 men, exclusive of those occupying forts. In camp, guarding roads without the city, from 3 to 6 miles: Liberty road, Thirty-eighth Massachusetts, 1,017 men, and the Seventeenth Indiana Battery, 147 men; at Gwinn's Falls, Frederick road, One hundred and thirty-fifth New York, 976 men; One hundred and twenty-eighth New York, 950 men, and Captain Chalfin's battery (two sections), 60 men; at Fort McHenry, one company of Second Artillery, 88 men, and six companies Eighteenth Connecticut, 630 men; at Fort Marshall, Fifth New York Artillery, 734 men, and Seventeenth Connecticut, 950 men; at Fort Federal Hill, One hundred and twenty-ninth New York, 1,000 men. I will send you to-morrow a detailed report of the troops under my command, and where stationed at present.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 23, 1862. (Received 1.10 p. m.)

General H. W. HALLECK:

The following order, which was sent me from Harper's Ferry, goes to corroborate the impressions I have before received, that the enemy are receiving re-enforcements:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,

On Opequon, near Smoketown, September 21, 1862.

Colonel MUNFORD,

Commanding Cavalry Regiments:

COLONEL: Since writing this morning, I hear that there are many captured cooking utensils lying about Harper's Ferry. We need them much at Winchester. Please have them carefully collected and sent thither for the use of the troops constantly arriving there.

Very respectfully, yours,

R. E. LEE,

General.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 23, 1862 - 11 a. m. (Received 1.20 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Dr. Hitchcock and Honorable Mr. Crocker, of Massachusetts, are here, on the part of the Governor of that State, desirous of removing to Massachusetts the most serious cases of their wounded men. I would request authority to deliver to them such severe cases as will not be fit for duty in less than thirty days or six weeks, one or more surgeons, to be detailed by the medical director of this army, to inspect the cases and decide as to those to be sent home; none to be sent without the approval and order of the medical director. I would respectfully ask an early reply to this.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

