HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 23, 1862 - 11.45 a. m. (Received 7.20 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Lieutenant Colonel A. P. Porter, in charge of depot at Monocacy, reports that Major Jones, of General Wool's staff, and Major Cross, quartermaster, U. S. Army, have been ordered to examine into the conduct of affairs at that depot, in consequence of charges having been made in Washington of mismanagement and inefficiency on the part of the commissary department. It appears to me that when such charges are made against officers under my command, I should be informed of them, and have the opportunity of correcting any evil that may be found to exist, before an examination by officers not serving in this army is ordered.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

September 23, 1862 - 1.30 p. m.

Major-General MCCLELLAN:

I am too unwell this morning to give due attention to your telegrams of yesterday. It is hoped that the expeditions sent out by General Banks will give us more satisfactory information of the positions of the enemy south of the river and east of the Shenandoah. I think the immediate repair of the canal should depend upon what can be learned of the enemy's intentions. Governor Peirpoint telegraphs that the enemy is reported at Sutton, Braxton County, approaching Clarksburg, and asks that six regiments be sent from Pennsylvania to that place. Can you spare any from Hagerstown for that purpose? If so, please send them. I have just learned that the Back Creek railroad bridge, 10 miles west of Martinsburg, has been destroyed by rebels. In operating with your troops, pay no regard to department lines. Give me, as soon as possible, your views of future movements.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 23, 1862 - 11.05 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Your dispatch of 11.25 a. m. yesterday states that there were eight companies at Cumberland and thirty at Dry Creek. I cannot find Dry Creek on the maps. Is it not New Creek? If there are now eight companies at Cumberland and thirty at New Creek, I have the honor to request that they may be placed under my command.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 23, 1862.

Major-General MCCLELLAN,

Camp near Sharpsburg, Md.:

New Creek was intended. In your operations you will not regard department lines, but look only to the good of the service in using the troops within your reach.

