
cavalry, now amounting only to about 2,700, should be largely increased. We want at least 2,500 horses, which General Meigs says he cannot issue under the instructions that he has received from you. He has 7,500 horses under contract, which will be disposable as soon as they can be received and inspected. I would respectfully request that the Quartermaster-General may be authorized to give us 2,500 of these, to remount our cavalry. Please answer immediately.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON,September 23, 1862 - 4.15 p. m.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN, Arlington:

The following telegram, just received, is communicated for your information. If you or General Sigel have any cavalry to spare, a sufficient force ought to go in advance of the infantry, accompanied by mounted railroad men, to seize and bring off the engines. If cavalry goes out, its commander should bring in two or three citizens, that we may get information from them.

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

(Copy to General Houpt.)

SEPTEMBER 23, 1862.

Major-General BANKS:

I am informed that five of our engines have been put by the rebels in good condition, and they are now at Warrenton or Warrenton Junction. That the only rebel force at that point were about 100 cavalry. If we send infantry only to recover the property, it will be destroyed before they reach it. A cavalry dash, promptly executed, is required to take possession. The infantry can then hold it until the completion of the bridges will allow the removal of the engines. I have requested that the party who gave the information be sent to you.

H. HAUPT.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON,September 23, 1862 - 4.15 p. m.

Brigadier General HERMAN HAUPT,

Alexandria Depot:

Please see telegram to General Heintzelman, just communicated to you. It will, doubtless, be impracticable to attempt to hold the bridges over and beyond Broad Run with infantry, and we have not cavalry to spare, but we will do what we can.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON,September 23, 1862 - 9.35 p. m.

Major General GEORGE B. MCCLELLAN,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

In consequence of representations made to me by the regiment

