
mander and surgeon, I ordered the acting medical director to have a thorough medical inspection made of the Fourth Ohio Volunteers.

The inspecting officer reports that not more than 190 men can safely be sent into the field, and it is said that in the case of many of these the results are to be apprehended.

Under these circumstances, I have concluded to await your further orders before putting the regiment on the march.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON, September 23, 1862-9.35 p.m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

I communicate, for information, the following telegram, received at 8 p.m. I had previously ordered General Heintzelman to detach two regiments of Stahel's division, with a section of artillery and such force of cavalry as he may be able to spare, to accompany a construction party which General Haupt sends out to-morrow to repair bridges at Bull Run and Broad Run, and bring off five locomotives, said, on reliable authority, to be at Bristoe. I have nothing yet from the reconnaissance sent toward Ashby's Gap:

ARLINGTON, 23D.

General Stahel's division is now occupying Centreville, between Fairfax Court-House and Centreville. The enemy's cavalry pickets were met; they withdrew in the direction of Manassas. He is informed, on good authority, that the Thirteenth Virginia Cavalry occupy Manassas Plains.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON, September 23, 1862-9.45 p.m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Buford's old brigade, and it includes all the cavalry now with this command.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON, September 23, 1862.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,Commanding Defenses South of the Potomac, Arlington:

SIR: The commanding general directs that your order the commander of the division at Centreville to send two regiments, and, if possible, a section of artillery, to accompany a construction party, which will go out on the railway to-morrow to repair the bridges as far as Bristoe, and endeavor to bring off seven locomotives near that station. The troops can meet the construction party at Union Mills. General Haupt has been requested to inform you at what hour the construction party will be at the rendezvous.

