
WASHINGTON, D. C., September 24, 1862. (Sent 2 p.m.)

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Near Sharpsburg, Md.:

The information brought by the cavalry expedition sent against the enemy's train through Ashby's Gap in to the effect that Lee's forces are concentrating at Winchester, and that troops are moving from the river to that place. If your information should agree with this, had not re-enforcements for your army better be sent to Point of Rocks or Harper's Ferry? As most of the wagons have been sent to the forces now with you, those here are deficient in transportation, and must move, so as to connect with your supply trains, as soon as possible. It is reported that no re-enforcements have arrived from Richmond; on the contrary, it is believed that an expedition has been organized there against Suffolk or Yorktown, and General Dix asks to be re-enforced. Sigel's corps is the only old one here. It could probably be supplied with transportation. On what point would you prefer it to move?

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 24, 1862-10.30 a.m. (Received 5.15 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

In reply to your telegram of 1.30 p.m. yesterday, I have the honor to state that there are no troops at Hagerstown except the Pennsylvania militia. I thought of sending Franklin there, but the news of Generals Lee and Jackson being opposite here with large forces, changed my intentions in this regard, and Franklin is now between here and Williamsport. I cannot now dispense with a single regiment from this army until I know more of the intentions of the enemy.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 24, 1862-11 a.m. (Received 5.30 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The enemy's pickets occupy the Virginia side of the river, near Shepherdstown, and he is still said to be in position with large forces between Shepherdstown and Martinsburg. It has been raining for several hours. If the storm continues, the river will probably be raised above a fording stage. Should this occur, I propose to concentrate the greater portion of the army in the vicinity of Harper's Ferry, ready to act arrived at Harper's Ferry last evening, and is probably laid by this time. A reconnaissance made from Harper's Ferry yesterday found the enemy-artillery, infantry, and cavalry-in force, drawn up in line near Charlestown.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

23 R R-VOL XIX, PT II

