HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON,September 25, 1862-12 m.

Brigadier General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Poolesville:

The following is communicated for your information:
HEADQUARTERS,Arlington, September 25, 1862-6.45 a.m.

Captain IRWIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Bingham, sent from General Sigel's headquarters to capture a lieutenant and 14 men, on the Leesburg turnpike, patrolled carefully the road as far as Goose Creek without finding any trace of the enemy or their pickets. They encamped for the night, and the next morning (yesterday) charged into and through the town of Leesburg, examining the hospital, &amp;c., but found no one except the sick and their attendants.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General.

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

(Same to General McClellan.)
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON, September 25, 1862-12.40 p.m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Orders will be at once issued to send the two companies of heavy artillery to Harper's Ferry. I do not think the Eighteenth Maine can well be spared at present, as Milroy's brigade has just been detached for service in Western Virginia, and four new regiments are to go to Fort Monroe, both under orders received yesterday from the General-in-Chief. The new troops come in very slowly indeed. To cover the expedition to Bristoe to capture the engines, I have this morning advanced the remainder of Sigel's corps to Fairfax Court-House, to fall back to its former position when the expedition returns.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 26, 1862. (Sent 1.40 p.m.)

Major-General McCLELLAN:

General Kelley's headquarters were, at last accounts, at Cumberland. General Wood was directed to instruct him to obey your orders for the purpose of co-operation, without regard to department lines. Before more troops are moved from here into the field, we ought to have a full understanding in regard to your future operations. As I now understand, you propose to cross the Potomac at or above Harper's Ferry, and move up the valley. Will not this line again expose Washington, and compel us to keep a large force here? The enemy is repairing bridges on the Rapidan and Rappahannock, preparatory to throwing a force on Washington, if it should not be properly protected. Cannot your army move, so as to cover Washington, by keeping between it and the enemy? I particularly wish your views on this subject. Very few

