
SUGAR LOAF, October 12, 1862-12.30 p. m.

Numbers 10. Yes; have seen them and can still see them crossing from Maryland into Virginia.

Lieutenant CAREY.

SUGAR LOAF, October 12, 1862-5 p. m.

Numbers 11. No enemy visible from this point.

Lieutenant YATES.

POINT OF ROCKS, October 12, 1862-9 p. m.

Numbers 12. We could see the cavalry pickets of the enemy at 5 p. m. opposite Noland's Ferry. At the same time saw a long line of smoke in the vicinity of Leesburg.

Lieutenant FORTESCUE and KENDALL.

SUGAR LOAF, October 12, [1862]-12 p. m.

Numbers 13. All quiet.

Lieutenant CAREY.

Numbers 4. Report of Brigadier General John R. Kently, U. S. Army, commanding at Williamsport.
HEADQUARTERS,Williamsport, Md., October 15, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward herewith the report of Captain Logan, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, accompanied with a note from Colonel A. Voss, commanding Fifth Cavalry Brigade, in reference to the recent advance into Pennsylvania by the enemy's cavalry:

My instructions from your headquarters were to picket and guard the fords from Williamsport to Cherry Run, and, in obedience to your orders, I posted pickets at McCoy's Ferry and Cherry Run. That these picket discharged their duty faithfully the report of Captain Logan will show, for I had information at 7. 30 a. m. Friday, the 10th instant, that the enemy was crossing at McCoy's Ferry sent to me by Captain William J. Gary, Third Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry, and Lieutenant Colonel John g. Johannes, commanding Eighth Regiment Maryland Volunteers, stationed at Cowton's farm. The information thus obtained I immediately forwarded to Major-General Couch, at Downsville, and to Brigadier General W. T. H. Brooks, commanding at Hagerstown.

At 8 a. m. same day I dispatched Captain Charles H. Russell, commanding Company I, First Maryland out the Clear Spring road, to watch the movements of the enemy, and at 10 a. m. I received a note from Captain Russell, informing me that the enemy were moving toward Mercersburg, Pa., which information I also forwarded to Major-General Couch and to Brigadier-General Brooks. the first information (verbal) which I received was that the enemy's cavalry and artillery were moving slowly toward Williamsport, and I accordingly made disposition to hold this post.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. KENLY,

Brigadier-General, Maryland Brigadier, comdg. at Williamsport.

Lieutenant Colonel OLIVER D. GREENE,

A. A. G. and Chief of Staff, Sixth A. C., Hagerstown, Md.

