
be directed to fall back on Hancock or Cumberland. At Cumberland General Kelley has three regiments of infantry and a battery. Besides this, Colonel McReynolds, at 4 p.m. yesterday, arrived there with two regiments of cavalry and a horse battery, and will proceed toward Romney.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, September 26, 1862.

Colonel J. M. CAMPBELL,

Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Vols., Sir John's Run, Va.:

COLONEL: Your dispatch is received. If threatened by a large force, you will fall back on Cumberland.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 26, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

Brigadier-General Milroy has, by direction of the President, been sent with his brigade to Point Pleasant. He will be directed to report to you by letter. At present General McClellan is authorized to use the troops in Western Virginia within his reach without regard to lines of department.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 27, 1862-1.15 p.m.

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Make requisition for contrabands on Brigadier-General Wadsworth, military governor of Washington, who will be directed to send them as you many require. Please send report of your recent battles as soon as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 27, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Your dispatch of 1.15 p.m. to-day is just received, upon my return from Harper's Ferry. I have made a requisition for 2,000 contrabands on Brigadier-General Wadsworth, as directed. My preliminary report of the recent battles is very nearly ready; the delay has been with the corps commanders, who have not all yet furnished the number of killed, wounded, and missing in those actions in their respective commands, nor the number of cannon, colors, and prisoners taken by them. Not a day, hardly an hour, has elapsed since the recent battles that I have not called again and again for these reports, and been again and again assured that they would be promptly furnished. The corps commanders have encountered

