
the same delays and disappointments in getting prompt and accurate returns from their subordinates. I have been unwilling to report approximately the number of prisoners, cannon, and colors captured, fearing lest, when the returns were made, such report might prove an exaggerated one.

I trust to be able to furnish you a correct report very speedily.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

HAGERSTOWN, MD., September 27, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

There is no change of the position of the enemy about Martinsburg. The railroad bridge across the Opequon, 2 miles east from Martinsburg, was fired yesterday. The railroad bridge over Back Creek has been destroyed. They have a heavy picket force at Cherry Run, on the Potomac. No force of the enemy this side of Hancock, on the Maryland side.

W. W. ROWLEY,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

[SEPTEMBER 27, 1862.]

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

I communicated the following, for your information:
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,Fairfax Court-House, September 27, 1862-8 p.m. (Received 10.20 p.m.)

Major-General BANKS,

Commanding Defenses at Washington:

My scouts report that there is no force of the rebels either at Aldie or Thoroughfare Gap or Gainesville, with the exception of small cavalry pickets; the scouts having entered these places by driving in the enemy's pickets. It is evident that the enemy has sent all his available forces toward Paris or Ashby's Gap. All the sick, wounded, and stragglers are sent to Culpeper. The arms reported to be at Gainesville have been removed from there five days ago in three railroad cars toward Front Royal. Warrenton is reported to be occupied by 2,000 men, many of them sick and wounded. The scouts sent to Warrenton and Warrenton Junction have not returned. Shall send report when they return. General Stahel, with the 600 cavalry sent to me, has left Centreville, this morning for Brentsvile, and another cavalry force has gone to Gainesville. Colonel McLean has not sent a report since he left Bristoe. I will have one to-morrow morning.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 27, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL,

Baltimore, Md.:

If there is no regiment guarding railroads that can be spared, ask Governor Curtin for a regiment of volunteers. It was supposed that, under existing circumstances, the guards on the railroads could be diminished with safety.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

