
pickets were driven from Shepherdstown and along the road, until a considerable force of infantry and artillery were encountered in position. The reconnoitering party found the rebel wounded occupying many of the houses in Shepherdstown and along the road, and about 600 are reported as having been paroled during the day.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 266. Camp near Sharpsburg, September 29, 1862.

* * * * * * *

VIII. Brigadier General J. F. Reynolds, having joined this army from detached service, is assigned temporarily to the command of the First Army Corps.

* * * * * * *

XI. The chief of cavalry will assign to each army corps for duty, as orderlies and messengers, one company of cavalry, and as my additional companies as there are divisions in the corps. Orderlies for brigade commanders will be taken from the cavalry assigned to the corps. It is to be distinctly understood that this assignment is to be a permanent one, and that no exchange will be allowed. All the rest of the cavalry of this army will be formed into brigades, and held in hand for service when it may be required. When a part of the cavalry is sent for special service in front of a corps, its operations will be conducted by the cavalry officer in charge, after consultation with the corps commander. It shall be the duty of this cavalry officer to keep the corps commander constantly advised of his own movements, as well as of those of the enemy, and to see that no unreliable information is forwarded. After performing such special duty, the commander of the detachment will report to the chief of cavalry for instructions. Cavalry detached for temporary duty which an army corps will receive special instructions from these headquarters for its observance while so employed.

XII. The batteries of horse artillery are placed under the orders of the chief of cavalry, who will, from time to time, make such assignments of them to the cavalry brigades as may, in his judgment, seem best for the service.

* * * * * * *

XIV. Brigadier General James Nagle will report for duty to Major General A. E. Burnside, commanding Ninth Corps.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

[S. WILLIAMS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF POTOMAC,

Numbers 7. Camp near Sharpsburg, September 29, 1862.

I. In conformity with Special Orders, Numbers 266, from Headquarters Army of the Potomac, the undersigned assumes temporary command of the First Corps of the Army of the Potomac. Brigadier General George G. Meade, will reassume the command of the Third Division.

II. The following-named officers are announced as the staff of the

