HEADQUARTERS, Washington, [September] 30, [1862]-6.20.

General JOHN J. ABERCROMBIE:

The colonel of the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry reports that Stuart was crossing the Potomac at Harrison's [Island], 15 miles below Point of Rocks, this afternoon at 2.30 o'clock. In view thereof, the major-general commanding directs that you hold your two mobilized brigades in readiness to move. They will be replaced, if necessary, by troops from this side. Further, the firing heard beyond Burke's is now reported as being the troops discharging their pieces. You will dispatch an orderly to Major Taggart with all this information, and direct him and the other cavalry to return to their original positions.

Very respectfully,L. HUNT,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, VA., September 30, 1862.

Major-General BANKS:

We have made over 1,200 prisoners at Warrenton, and paroled them. General Stahel was at Salem and White Plains, and found no enemy there. As I reported yesterday, there is a strong force of the enemy at Culpeper. His cavalry is advancing against Warrenton.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

POOLESVILLE, MD., September 30, 1862.

Captain RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

A man, direct from Hamilton, Va., says that last night there passed down from Winchester to Leesburg, on the turnpike, one regiment of cavalry and four pieces of artillery. Hamilton is 6 miles from Leesburg. Another informant says 1,200 cavalry and two pieces. Cheering was heard by our pickets last night in Leesburg, and commands given were distinguished. I am informed that to-day and to-morrow are the days set for collecting conscripts in Loudoun County.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Williamsport [Md.], October 1, 1862-5 p.m.

General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have just received information, from a refugee who has never yet given me false rumor, that the enemy has abandoned Bunker Hill, and that there is nothing but a few pickets between there and here; and, still further, that Hill's, Longstreet's, and Jackson's corps have gone through Winchester, en route for Richmond; that one of Jackson's lieutenants said that they went to Richmond to recruit, having been so much cut up, &amp;c.

He represents that Martinsburg is entirely abandoned, but that there is an army corps (don't know whose) at Winchester, and no force above

