
me, except a few scouts. It is further stated that the corps above enumerated have gone through Gordonsville. I know not what credence to give to this, but my informant believes it to be true.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. KENLY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 159. Camp near Sharpsburg, Md., October 1, 1862.

Notwithstanding the frequent orders that have been issued from these headquarters in regard to stragglers and pillagers, the commanding general regrets to be obliged again to call the attention of corps and other subordinate commanders to this subject, and to impress upon them the absolute necessity of holding the different commanders responsible for this direct and flagrant violation of orders.

We are now occupying a country inhabited by a loyal population, who look to us for the preservation of order and discipline, instead of suffering our men to go about in small parties, lawlessly depredating upon their property.

Armed patrols will be sent out daily from all the different corps in this army to arrest all officers and soldiers who are absent from the limits of their camps without written permission from corps, division, or brigade commanders. All persons so arrested will be sent the same day to the provost-marshal-general, at these headquarters, who will, until further orders, send them under a guard to Harper's Ferry, there to be kept at work on the defenses of that place. In order that the requirements of this order may be perfectly understood by all concerned, corps commanders will, within twenty-four hours after the receipt of this order, furnish evidence to the commanding general, through the assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters, that it has been published to every company under their command.

The commanding general is resolved to put a stop to the pernicious and criminal practices of straggling and marauding, and he will hold corps commanders responsible for the faithful execution of this order.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON, October 1, 1862-2.30 p.m.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,Arlington:

General McClellan directs that Brigadier General Nelson Taylor report to him in person, without delay. Please give him the order.

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON, October 1, 1862-8 p.m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

The last of the twenty regiments left here at 2 p.m.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

