
still holding the road by my rear guard, to within 400 yards of the furnace. At one time they made an advance on my rear guard, and were fired on by them, killing 1 man and wounding 1 horse. They returned the fire without effect, when they fell back to the furnace, evidently not wishing to become engaged.

I occupied the ground until 9 o'clock, looking on their movements; saw their column; estimated their number at 2,500 cavalry; saw eight pieces of artillery a number of army wagons, and a few ambulances. finding the enemy did not wish to approach Clear Spring by the road I was occupying, I fell back to Clear Spring, about 1 p. m. I found by this time that the advance of the column had arrived at a point 3 miles north of Clear Spring, taking the Mercersburg road. I immediately placed pickets on all the roads, north of Clear Spring, occupying the place until 5 p. m., when, by order of Captain Garry, I fell back on the Williamsport road to within 2 1/2 miles of Williamsport, placing pickets ont he road to Cowton's farm, where remained until after midnight, when I was relieved by Company C, of the Twelfth Illinois Cavalry.

I must say that, without a single exception, the men of my command behaved admirably, ready all day to do any duty asked of them; and, notwithstanding we mounted in the morning without breakfast, and remained in the saddle until midnight without eating, there was no murmur. Nothing further occurred worthy of notice except that, by the accidental discharge of a carbine, one of my horses was seriously wounded.

Your obedient servant,

THOMAS LOGAN,

Captain Company G., Twelfth Illinois Cavalry.

Colonel A. Voss,

Twelfth Illinois Cavalry Commanding Fifth Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 6. Report of Brigadier General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Camp near Knoxville, Md., October 13 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the movements of my command in pursuit of the rebels who recently made a raid to Chambersburg. Pa.

On Saturday morning [October 11], at 4 o'clock I received my orders to start with my command, and soon after I was en route to Hagerstown where I arrived at about 11 a. m. Receiving information there that the rebels were moving in the direction of Mercersburg, I started with my command toward Clear Spring, on the Hancock road, to intercept them, had proceeded some 4 miles when i was ordered to halt, by dispatch from headquarters, and await further orders.

About 1.30 p. m. I received orders to move to Mechanicstown, via Cavetown and Harmon's Gape, sending patrols to Emminttsburg and Gettysburg to obtain information of the enemy. I executed these orders, and arrived at Mechanicstown about 8.30 p. m., from which point I sent out scouts in the direction of Emmittsburg, Taneytown, Middleburg, and Graceham, and picketing all the roads in that vicinity.

At 12.30 a. m. my scouts in the direction of Middleburg reported that the rebel cavalry, under Stuart had passed through a small town, called Middletown, some 5 miles to the east of Mechanicstown, one hour

