SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 271. Camp near Sharpsburg, October 4, 1862.

I. Brigadier General Nelson Taylor, volunteer service, will report for temporary duty to Brigadier General J. F. Reynolds, commanding First Corps.

* * * * * * *

V. Brigadier General G. W. Getty, volunteer service, will report for duty to Major-General Burnside, commanding Ninth Corps.

VI. Brigadier General Thomas L. Kane will report for duty to Brigadier General A. S. Williams, commanding Twelth Corps.

* * * * * * *

XIII. Pursuant to instructions which have been received from the General-in-Chief, Brigadier General J. D. Cox, volunteer service, will immediately repair to Point Pleasant and take command of operations on the Kanawha River.

XVI. Pursuant to authority from the War Department, the Seventh Maine Regiment will proceed to Portland, Me., for the purpose of recruiting and reorganization, under the direction of His Excellency the Governor of Maine. On arriving at Portland, the regimental commander will report by letter to the Governor for orders. The Quartermaster's Department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

POOLESVILLE, October 4, 1862-1.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General STONEMAN,

Baltimore:

The following from General Bayard, through Washington:

The enemy picketing the line of Goose Crek; 1,100 cavalry now there. Rumored that General Longstreet is coming down to cross the Potomac at Great Falls, Jackson holding McClellan up the river in the mean time.

E. V. SUMNER, JR.,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, October 4, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a letter to Mrs. Philip Kearny, and at the same time commit to your care the sword, horse, and saddle of Major-General Kearny, which fell into our hands at the time of his death. Mrs. Kearny expressed a great desire to obtain the swords and horse of her husband, and I beg leave to hope that it may be convenient to you to forward them to her.

The horse has accompanied the march of the army since its capture, and may have suffered from the journey. The bridle was either lost at the time of the capture or has not been recovered.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

