
Cacapon Bridge, and that they intended to destroy the South Branch and Patterson Creek Bridges to-night. Colonel McReynolds has been directed to prevent the destruction of the latter, if possible. Colonel Averell, at Williamsport, with four regiments of cavalry, has been directed to march at once and endeavor to intercept Stuart. Please take steps to do all in your power to prevent the destruction of the bridges, and, if necessary, assume command for the time of Colonel McReynolds' troops. There should be co-operation in this, and, if possible, Stuart should not be allowed to get away unharmed.

R. B. MARCY.

CAMP IN THE FIELD, October 4,[1862]-10 a.m.

General GEORGE SYKES:

GENERAL: Our officer of the day reports having discover a battery of four guns in position, opposite the mouth of the ravine in our front, supported by a brigade of infantry, apparently awaiting an attack. While he was observing, they were re-enforced by one gun. The trains, to which I called your attention, he saw passing up and through a town supposed by us to be Berryville. The trains appeared blocked occasionally. Wagons can be seen for a distance of 6 miles at least, moving up the river. We have a reconnoitering party on the point above us, and one starting to the river immediately on our right. General Warren is out with the former, and Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace with the latter. I will report immediately on their return.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

PLANE No. 1, BALTIMORE AND OHIO RAILROAD, October 4, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I am in receipt of a dispatch from our agent at Wheeling, stating that the bridge over the Little Cacapon River, 21 miles east of Cumberland, was destroyed by the enemy last night; and that unless General Kelley is re-enforced promptly, it is feared that great destruction of the road will follow. If nothing else can be done at present, cannot General Milroy's brigade, said to be now at Parkersburg, be ordered to aid threatened points? Must rely on you to do what is practicable to aid in saving this great line from the threatened calamities.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

McCLELLAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

October 5, 1862-11 a.m. (Received 11.10 a.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

In compliance with your instructions, General Cox has been ordered to report to you for duty on the Kanawha. General Cox's gallant services in the battle of South Mountain and at Antietam, during which, after Reno's fall, he commanded an army corps, contributed greatly toward our success in those hard-fought engagements. He has been

