
CLARKSBURG, VA., October 5, 1862-10.30 a.m.

General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff:

Just received a dispatch from Colonel McReynolds, informing me that the force that destroyed Little Cacapon Bridge and captured a company at Paw Paw was Imboden's, and that while Imboden was absent from his camp it was attacked and taken by Captain Boyd, with a detachment of Colonel McReynolds' command. I have ordered Colonel McReynolds to pursue him in force at once. If Colonel Averell, with his command, will follow up the Big Cacapon from Bloomery Gap, Imboden cannot escape.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to General Halleck.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 5, 1862-12.50 p.m.

General AVERELL,Commanding Cavalry en route:

General Kelley just reports from Clarksburg that the force which destroyed Little Cacapon Bridge was 1,000 infantry and 500 cavalry, under a man named Imboden; that one of McReynolds' captains afterward captured the rebel camp, with two pieces of artillery, &amp;c. Colonel McReynolds has been ordered to pursue at once, and General Kelley says, if General Averell will follow up the Big Cacapon from Bloomery Gap, Imboden cannot escape.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

General Brooks, commanding at Hagerstown, will please take steps to have the dispatch to General Averel forwarded to him by a mounted man, at once. The messenger can ascertain at Williamsport from General Kenly the road taken by General Averell. Answer.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 5, 1862-10 p.m.

General N. P. BANKS,Commanding, Washington:

The general commanding wishes you to make arrangements to establish a chain of cavalry pickets from the point where the Little River pike crosses Goose Creek, running through Aldie around in the direction of Brentsville, as far as may be necessary to cover the approaches to Washington.

General Stoneman will be directed to occupy Leesburg as soon as a pontoon bridge can be thrown across the Potomac opposite that place, or at Conrad's Ferry, probably, in two or three days. His cavalry pickets will connect with yours at Goose Creek, and extend on the Little

25 R R-VOL XIX, PT II

