
WASHINGTON, D. C., October 6, 1862-3.35 p.m.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

The cavalry which escaped from Harper's Ferry and now in your army will remain with it. Major-General Cox's old division will march to Hancock and take cars to Clarksburg, where it will meet and report to General Milroy. General Cox will command the District of Western Virginia, but will co-operate with you whenever he can do so.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Sharpsburg, Md., October 6, 1862-4.30 p.m. (Received 6 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Your telegram ordering Cox's division to Clarksburg was received before the one directing the offensive across the Potomac.* Is it still intended that Cox should march at once? It is important in making my decision regarding the route to be taken by the army that I should know, first, what description of troops I am to be re-enforced with upon the Shenandoah route, and also upon the other route between the enemy and Washington; whether they are to be old or new troops, or what proportion of each. If possible, I should be glad to have Peck's division sent to me, if it can be got here within a reasonable time. Second, will you inform me what the present condition of the Alexandria and Leesburg Railroad is; also the Manassas Gap Railroad, and what time it would require to put them in working order? It is believed that the Harper's Ferry and Winchester Railroad is not materially injured.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 6, 1862. (Received 7.45 p.m.)

General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Lieutenant Comstock has received an order relieving him from duty with the Army of the Potomac, to report to General Wright. Lieutenant Comstock has been engaged in arranging and superintending the defenses at Harper's Ferry, and his services cannot be dispensed with there at this time without manifest detriment to the service, as he has made himself familiar with the whole ground. I, therefore, most respectfully beg leave to suggest that Lieutenant McAlester, who is now here, be directed to report for duty to General Wright. I should regret very much to lose the services of Lieutenant Comstock at Harper's Ferry at this time.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See general reports, Part I,p 72.

---------------

