
ten days to repair it. The present force had been at work nearly a week. There is great difficulty in employing laborers. All our useful conrabands have been sent to the depots or absorbed as teamsters. Would not the urgency of the case and the difficulty of obtaining workmen justify the sending an engineer officer and party of engineers there?

I have ordered an assortment of quartermaster's stores and clothing to Harper's Ferry.

An officer and agent go to-morrow to ascertain where the delay on the road is. I start 200 horses to-morrow morning to report to you.*

* * * * * * *

C. G. SAWTELLE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Quartermaster.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 161. Camp near Sharpsburg, Md., October 6, 1862.

Until further orders, Brigadier General Marsena R. Patrick, U. S. Volunteers, will perform the duties of provost-marshal-general at these head quarters.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., October 6, 1862-7.50.(Received Oct. 7,12.05 a.m.)

General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff:

I received your first dispatch yesterday morning at 10 o'clock. On arriving with my brigade at Hancock, at 3 o'clock p.m., was unable to obtain any information from Colonel Campbell's pickets by which I could guide my future operations. Waited on the road to Sir John's Run, 2 miles above Hancock, until 11 o'clock p.m.; had an interview with Colonel Campbell; gained no intelligence. Came on to Flint Stone, at which place I received, at 12.30 to-day, your second dispatch from Hagerstown. I find nothing but vague and uncertain reports to guide me; shall cross the river at Green Spring to-morrow, and look for myself. The regiment on infantry now picketing the railroad ought to be withdrawn or re-enforced; they need cavalry pickets. Colonel McReynolds, not being engaged in pursuing enemy, might undertake the duty. I shall be glad to receive further instruction from you. I shall remain here to-night, and will be at Green Spring at 10 o'clock a.m. to-morrow.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

CUMBERLAND, MD., October 6, 1862-3 p.m.

General MARCY:

GENERAL: Colonel Averell is at Flint Stone, 11 miles from here on the pike, with his command. I just arrived from Green Spring. All quiet in that region. A force from Jackson's army is said to be moving

---------------

*Some purely personal matter omitted.

---------------

