
on Cherry Run, 12 miles east of Hancock. Colonel Campbell, Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania, has, in consequence, fallen back on Hancock. Just learned that they have destroyed Cherry Run Bridge. Imboden has fallen back toward Winchester. Have a party on his track, and another so places as to prevent his passing toward Moorefield. Will wait Averell's arrival here.

A. T. McREYNOLDS,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Cavalry Brigade.

CUMBERLAND, October 6, 1862-9 p.m.

General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

Just arrived. Found Colonel Averell here. His command is at Flint Stone. He came up on Maryland side of the river, and, of course, missed Colonel McReynolds' force. I have ordered the bridge across Little Cacapon rebuilt. The timber is all ready, and it can be rebuilt in one day. The telegraph line is repaired and working to Sir John's Run. I learned the rebels burned a small bridge across Cherry Run to-day, near Back Creek. This must have been done by troops from Martinsburg or Hedgesville.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

UPTON'S [HILL], October 6, 1862.

Major HUNT,

Arlington House:

Tell me exactly what I am to do when I reach Rappahannock Station. I want to be sure and make no mistake.

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ARLINGTON HOUSE,

October 6, 1862-7.50 p.m. (Received 8.10 p.m.)

General G. D. BAYARD,

Commanding Cavalry:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that the object of the expedition is to capture and recover or destroy, as circumstances may permit, without compromising the command, seven locomotives and other valuable property reported in possession of a rebel force near Rappahannock Bridge. Furthermore, he would inform you that Major-General Sigel will be instructed to-morrow to make such demonstration as he may deem advisable to assist the object proposed by your expedition.

Very respectfully,

L. HUNT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, October 6, 1862-2.30 p.m.

General HEINTZELMAN:

Reliable report received last night that the brigade of the enemy stationed at Rappahannock Station has advanced to Warrenton; that the

