
to may be sent to our advance picket, on the Charlestown and Harper's Ferry road, where Captain Janney, of the quartermaster's department, will be ready to receive them. I designate this point as the one deemed most convenient to your lines.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 7, 1862-7.20 p.m.

General R. INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster, General McClellan's Headquarters:

I telegraphed you last night that I would send 200 horses to you this morning. They were sent. Do you wish 500 in addition? In the same dispatch I asked for authority to go to New York. Did you receive it? I have ordered the clothing called for by your dispatch of to-day to Hagerstown. The Quartermaster-General thinks he can furnish all the clothing and camp equipage that may be required for may Army of the Potomac, except Sibley tents. There may be some delay in the matter of blankets and shoes and stockings.

C. G. SAWTELLE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,Camp on the Antietam, October 7, 1862-8 p.m.

Colonel C. G. SAWTELLE,

Depot Quartermaster, 221 Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington:

It is a matter of grievous complaint that the clothing and other supplies ordered do not arrive at Harper's Ferry. Send 5,000 suits clothing there, in addition, at once, under charge of an officer. Be prompt and particular. It is important beyond expression. See where the obstacles are.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Chief Quartermaster.

[OCTOBER] 7, 1862-10 A. M.

General AVERELL,

Commanding Cavalry, Cumberland:

Your dispatch of 7.50 last night just received. It was reported last night by Colonel McReynolds that a force from Jackson was advancing toward Cherry Run, and that the bridge across that stream had been destroyed. If any force has gone there, I think it must be a cavalry one. It was also reported that Colonel Campbell had withdrawn his regiment to Hancock. If this is true, it is right; if not true, you will please communicate the order for him to do so, and designate a competent officer to leave with such force as you may deem necessary, made up from McReynolds' or your own command, to picket and guard the railroad bridges, and also to patrol the country toward Romney and Moorefield, so that no large force of the enemy can pass into Western Virginia without our being advised of it in time to act. The cavalry

