
that watches the railroad must co-operate with the infantry forces at Cumberland and Hancock, and, in the event of the advance of any large rebel forces, the cavalry officers should furnish the commanders at those places such information as will enable them to act in concert with the cavalry. General Kelley will be advised of these instructions by me there are no large bodies of the enemy on the Upper Potomac, you will move down the river with the remainder of your command, including Colonel McReynolds', and that part of his brigade which is not left on the railroad. On your return, you will keep out on the south side of the Potomac a sufficient number of scouting parties to watch any movements of the enemy. It is left to your own discretion whether to return with your main command on the north or south side of the river. You will please give orders to insure the protection of the railroad before returning, and send to these headquarters at least one report every day until you reach Williamsport, keeping us advised of everything of importance that comes under your observation. Inform me daily where dispatches will reach you the following day.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

CUMBERLAND, October 7, 1862-10 a.m.

General MARCY,

Headquarters:

Colonel Campbell advises me this a.m., from Sir John's Run, that he is threatened by an infantry force from Glenville, and cavalry force on the Winchester road, via Bath. May I respectfully suggest to the general that he order General Kenly to send a regiment to Hancock at once, to assist Colonel Campbell in the protection of the railroad?

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

OCTOBER 7, 1862-11 a.m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Cumberland, Md.:

Colonel Campbell is ordered to withdraw his regiment to Hancock, if he has not already done so. General Averell is ordered to leave sufficient cavalry to watch the railroad. The cavalry officers will be instructed to keep you and Colonel Campbell informed of everything transpiring. Please co-operate with them when necessary, and send infantry to their assistance whenever they are in danger of being overpowered by superior numbers.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

OCTOBER 7, 1862-2 p.m.

General W. W. AVERELL,

Commanding Cavalry, Cumberland:

After making the arrangements for guarding the railroad, you will march your command to the vicinity of Sir John's Run, and take command of Colonel Campbell's regiments, and any other troops available, to resist the approach of the rebels reported by Colonel Campbell as advancing on him from Glenville and Bath. Should you, previous to your departure, get information that the rebel force is too large for the forces you will have, you are authorized to call upon General Kelley for

