
use, as the enemy had then crossed the river. These are the only troops that I know of that were in that vicinity, and this was the first intimation I received that any troops were endeavoring to assist me to capture the rebels; and this was too late to be of any assistance to me. I succeeded in preventing the enemy from crossing at the mouth of the Monocacy, and drove him to White's Ford, 3 miles below. Had White's Ford been occupied by any force of ours, previous to the time of the occupation by the enemy, the capture whole force would have been certain and inevitable; but with my small force (which did not exceed one-fourth of the enemy's) it was not practicable for me to occupy that ford while the enemy was in my front.

In conclusion, I would say that my force had marched, in the twenty- four hours previous to the fight, upward of 78 miles, and had crossed the Blue Ridge over a very rugged, rough, and rocky road, which crippled up a great many of my horses, and, in consequence, in coming up with the enemy my command was not well closed up, and many (otherwise efficient men) were unable to join companies before the enemy had crossed the river.

It is with great pleasure that I testify to the willingness with which the officers and men supported all the fatigues and hardships of this movement.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 7. Report of Brigadier General William W. Averell, U. S. Army, commanding First Cavalry Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST CAVALRY Brigadier, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near downsville, Md., October 14, 1862-9 p. m.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the return of my brigade to this place. My report should be made by telegraph, via Hagerstown, as directed, but I think this the most expeditious.

Your dispatch of 2 p. m. yesterday is just received. Having marched from McConnellsburg, in Fulton Country, through Franklin County, to-day without seeing any rebels, I am inclined to believe that the report of Governor Curtin is based upon unreliable information.

While at Green Spring I endeavored to establish a line of pickets from New Creek to Cherry Run which could not fail to furnish the headquarters of the Army of the Potomac with the earliest and most reliable information of the movements of the rebels along the Upper Potomac.

At Mercersburg, about noon to-day, it was reported to me officially, by an officer of the Eighth New York, that the rebels were crossing at or near McCoy's Ferry. I turned from my intended line of march with the brigade, and sent an officer to Clear Spring, who reported that here was no movement of the rebels in that vicinity.

When I left Green Spring (Saturday, 11th, 3 a. m.) there were no rebels west of the Great Cacapon Mountains and east of Floyd's forces except light cavalry parties. That 30,000 could have crossed this side of Cumberland without immediate notice being sent to you from the troops along the line, I believe impossible.

From prisoners taken, it was learned that the rebels were aware of my

