
of 50 men, with competent officers, to proceed, under the guidance of W. J. Gaines, now on his way to your headquarters, to capture certain deposits of specie in Virginia, near Leesburg.

Very respectfully,

L. HUNT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE,

October 7, 1862-11.45.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN,

Army Headquarters:

An expedition was made to-day from Centreville, beyond Bull run and Groveton, as it was reported the enemy had a strong cavalry force advanced to the battle-field, and for the purpose of favoring the movement of Colonel Davies. No enemy, however, was found at the place mentioned.

Unreliable reports are coming in saying that it was the intention of General Stuart to clear Loudoun and Fairfax Counties of our troops, and that he was concentrating his cavalry. To-day the cavalry pickets of the enemy were extending along Broad Run, 5 miles beyond Dranesville.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, Md., October 7, 1862-11 a.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The following New York regiments have been stopped in this department since August 24, viz: The One hundred and sixth, One hundred and ninth, One hundred and tenth, One hundred and eleventh, One hundred and fourteenth, One hundred and fifteenth, One hundred and sixteenth, One hundred and eighteenth, One hundred and twenty-fifth, One hundred and twenty-sixth, One hundred and thirty-first, One hundred and thirty-fifth, One hundred an forty-first, making, in all, fifteen regiments. Of these, the One hundred and sixth is now in Western Virginia; the One hundred and eleventh, One hundred and fifteenth, One hundred and Twenty-fifth, and One hundred and twenty-sixth are now on parole.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., October 7, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Kelley directed us to reconstruct bridge over Little Cacapon River, which was recently again destroyed. I have the pleasure of advising you that our engineer informs us that he will complete it and pass trains over it to-night.

J. W. GARRETT,

President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

26 R R-VOLX XIX, PT II

