
from different persons that Jackson had sent word to Imboden that if he could hold out forty-eight hours longer he would re-enforce him; probably the cavalry which fell back to Pughtown the other day did go to him.

Captain Boyd deemed it imprudent to attack him in the position he had chosen, about 7 miles south of Cacapon Bridge, toward Wardensville. He returned by Bloomery Gap, where he learned that General D. H. Hill's division had just been on an extensive foraging expedition. The main body has been within 3 miles of the gap, on the eastern side. A portion of his force had left the gap half an hour before Captain Boyd's arrival. One of the rear guard was captured, named Brady, Fifth North Carolina State Troops; was in Garland's division; says the division left Bunker Hill about four days ago, to protect the wagons gathering forage, and returned to Bunker Hill 5 p.m. yesterday. They pressed all kinds of supplies, including beef-cattle.

Generals Hill, Jackson, Longstreet, and Ewell have their forces encamped at Bunker Hill. Their depot is at Winchester. General R. E. Lee was also at Bunker Hill.

Had I gone up by Bloomery Gap from Sir John's Run, I might have met with difficulty.

My pickets extend to Slane's Cross-Roads and Romney. I have sent some cavalry to Colonel Campbell at Sir John's Run. After waiting a short time to recruit Captain Boyd's command, I shall endeavor to obtain Imboden. Colonel Campbell reports Cherry Run Bridge not destroyed, but in good condition.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, October 8, 1862.

Major-General BANKS, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: All troops not required for the defense of Washington should be prepared to immediately take the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON,October 8, 1862-11.45 a.m.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN, Arlington:

The commanding general directs that you have all your command, except garrisons and city guards, in readiness to take the field immediately. Acknowledge.

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

October 8, 1862-10.35 a.m.

General R. INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster Army of the Potomac,

General McClellan's Headquarters:

Your dispatch, dated 8.45 p.m., 7th instant, was received, ordering 4,000 suits clothing to Harper's Ferry. I had already ordered, without

