
[CHAP. XXXI.

any order from you, more than that amount of clothing to Captain Pitkin; also a quantity of camp equipage and quartermaster's stores. I sent 200 horses to you yesterday. I start 300 to Harper's Ferry this morning. I sent this morning 25 mule teams to Pitkin, at Harper's Ferry, for depot use. I sent by these wagons a quantity of shelter tents, stationery, &amp;c. I yesterday sent Jones to Hagerstown, and Lieutenant Bean over the road to Harper's Ferry, t see where the delays are. I will send agents with the clothing, &c., ordered.

C. G. SAWTELLE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Quartermaster.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 8, 1862.

General R. INGALLS,

General McClellan's Headquarters:

No order has ever been received by me to send 200 hospital tents, lumber, and carpenters to Frederick, nor can I find that any one here has ever heard of such an order. On the 27th ultimo 500 hospital tents were sent to Dr. Milhau, at Frederick. Do you now wish 200 more sent there, and how many carpenters, and how much lumber? There are only 700 hospital tents here for issue. General Meigs is in correspondence with General McClellan concerning the 2,000 tents asked for by Dr. Letterman. The delays on the railroad are, I think, occasioned by the cars not being unloaded and sent back promptly. I have just asked for a train of 100 wagons to take up some of the supplies ordered to Harper's Ferry.

C. G. SAWTELLE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Quartermaster.

WASHINGTON, October 8, 1862.

Brigadier-General KENLY, Frederick, Md.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs that you assign on infantry regiment of your brigade of Maryland volunteers and three companies of cavalry (Purnell Legion) for duty, under the direction of Governor Bradford, to enforce the militia draft in that State. Great care must be taken to select the regiment and companies best suited for this delicate duty.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

BALTIMORE, MD., October 9, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

No order yet received for detail of military to support draft. Next Wednesday is the day and time. Please direct the order here, and not to Annapolis.

A. W. BRADFORD.

---------------

*See McClellan to Halleck, October 31, 1862, p. 515.

---------------

