
[CHAP. XXXI.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON,Washington, October 10, 1862-3 p.m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Having received instructions from the General-in-Chief to send you 12,000 to 15,000 troops, old and new, I have issued orders which will give you the maximum number, as follows:

Stoneman's division to concentrate at Poolesville; leve two new regiments, which don't belong to it, to guard the river, and then report to you; Whipple's division to go by railway to Knoxville. Both the movements I will carry into effect as soon as the troops taken from my front can be replaced in their present positions. I would again ask your attention to the urgent necessity of having horses for our cavalry. That arm is in danger of breaking down entirely. An inspection of Price's brigade shows but 192 for duty. Every day now will increase the number of fresh horses we shall need.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Knoxville, October 10, 1862.

Colonel C. G. SAWTELLE,

Depot Quartermaster, 221 Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington:

There is no clothing at Hagerstown, and an entire corps is waiting for it. What is the matter? The operation is becoming painful. The railroad to Hagerstown is disgustingly slow. Have everything shipped direct through to avoid the delay of transshipment at Harrisburg. In mercy's name, get after this clothing.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Knoxville, Md., October 10, 1862.

Captain GEORGE H. WEEKS,

Depot Quartermaster, Hagerstown:

Clothing for Porter's, Franklin's, and Reynolds' troops-say, at least, 10,000 suits-was ordered to you on the 7th. It should be now at your place. It was to come under charge of an officer. When it arrives, issue it rapidly, and, if possible, simultaneously to each corps. Do you hear where the clothing is? Telegraph Harrisburg and answer me.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 10, 1862-8.10 p.m.

General HAUPT:

It will be necessary, I think, that the railroad to Winchester shall be repaired as fast as the army moves. A T-rail should be put down. Can this be done to keep pace with the army, or as fast as we gain possession of road? Unless this is done, the army cannot be subsisted should it advance to Winchester, or farther to the interior. The Cumberland

