
Gap [Valley] road has subjected us to great delays. I send you, by this mail, statement showing the causes. These roads should be compelled to use all possible system and energy.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster.

OCTOBER 10, 1862.

General R. INGALLS,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Your wishes in regard to the Winchester road will receive prompt attention. I will inform you what can be done as soon as it can be ascertained. The delays you refer to have been, I suppose, on the Cumberland Valley (not Gap) road. Much of it occurred at Bridgeport, opposite Harrisburg, and arose from the fact that consignment were made to Harrisburg instead of Hagerstown. Whenever practicable, it will save time and expense to send via Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

H. HAUPT,

Chief of Construction and Transportation, U. S. Mil, R. R.

OCTOBER 10, 1862.

WILLIAM P. SMITH,

Superintendent Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, Baltimore:

General Ingalls telegraphs that it will be necessary to repair the railroad to Winchester as fast as the army moves. A T-rail should be put down, and asks can this be done. Will you please inform me what is the condition of the Winchester Railroad; what amount of track, and what bridges, if any, have been destroyed; what kind of rail is used, and what facilities for repair or reconstruction are at your command? Can we aid by sending men or material? Answer promptly.

H. HAUPT.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,

Camp near Knoxville, Md., October 10, 1862-10.30 p.m.

Colonel C. G. SAWTELLE,

Depot Quartermaster, 221 Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington:

Mr. W. P. Smith, railroad superintendent at Baltimore, telegraphs General McClellan that 100 cars are now required to carry supplies to Hagerstown, and that the sending them will render him unable to send out forage to Frederick and Harper's Ferry. What is the matter? I supposed the clothing was already sent to Hagerstown. Why, then, are these cars now wanted, and in such numbers? Examine the matter at once, and report facts. It looks as though there has been fatal misunderstanding somewhere. My orders were explicit. See Generals Meigs and Haupt about these roads. We must have our supplies here, and still at Hagerstown, too. Ascertain definitely before diverting so many cars from the Baltimore road. Reply early.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Chief Quartermaster.

NOTE TO OPERATOR.-In absence of Colonel Sawtelle, refer this dispatch to General Meigs or Colonel Rucker.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Chief Quartermaster.

