
position and strength at Green Spring. Everything, except Imboden's force of 800, and 1,500 mounted infantry, was withdrawn from Spring-field Romney, and the country in my front. Imboden went to Wardensville, 46 miles away, and nothing but a few saucy pickets could be found.

The recent raid, no doubt, was made with a full knowledge of the position of our cavalry forces.

My march has been about 200 miles; the first 55 miles; the first 55 miles in twenty-eight hours, the longest march, I believe, with artillery, that has been made recently. My brigade is in need of a little rest, and a day or two is desired to organize a small pack-mule train for its use. During the recent marches no wagons or pack-animals have been used by my command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General, Volunteers.

Brigadier-General MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 8. Report of Colonel Richard H. Rush, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Camp near Frederick, Md., October 13, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, on Saturday morning, at 6.30 o'clock, your note, requiring me to scout the country north of Frederick, to gain intelligence of that force and movements of Stuart's cavalry, was at once executed by my sending four small companies (140 men) toward Emmittsburg and Gettysburg. they left my camp by 8 a. m. no information or rumors of the enemy could be obtained by them between this place and emmittsburg, which point they reached at 4 p. m. They then pushed on toward Gettysburg, scouting well to their left, and had not left Emmittsburg an hour when information was brought them from the rear that the advance guard (about 400 strong) of the rebels had charged into Emmittsburg and held the place. The rebels entirely cutting off all communication between my pickets and myself. All the couriers sent to me, to apprise me of the presence of the rebels, were turned back until after midnight.

At 3 p. m. on the 11th I received a telegraphic order from General Marcy to send one squadron at once to Middletown, to picket and scout the valley northward. This was at once done, but no important report or information was received from them.

At 6.30 p. m. of the 11th was received, directing me to extend my scouts toward Gettysburg, &amp;c., and informing me that Stuart had left Chabersburg in the morning on the Gettysburg road; also that General Pleasonton was to be at Mechanicstown, and to communicated with him, &c., and to call on the First Maine Cavalry if I wanted more force, &c.

Rumors from Frederick reaching me at about 7 p. m. that the rebels were reported to be at or near Emmittsburg, and knowing that General Pleasonton would cover the pike through Mechanicstown, I at once called on Colonel Allen, of the First Maine Cavalry, for one company, and sent my only remaining, company, these two companies to proceed

