
Captain Wilson, commissary of subsistence, complains that he cannot get the commissary cars up because the quartermaster has so many unloading with quartermaster's stores, and that the quartermaster unloads very slowly. Mr. Garrett telegraphs that the company would plank the railroad bridge at the expense of the Government, but I thought it better to send the lumber; it is ordered, and will go forward at once. A special messenger goes with its, and hereafter an agent will go with every lot of stores shipped. There has been a contemptible delay in transferring cars across Baltimore for Hagerstown. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad agents there do not seem to make any effort to forward the cars. A special messenger, who went on the 9th with a lot of clothing, complains that he was unable to get the cars across the city, although the track was clear, and he lost two trains for Hagerstown thereby. Measures have been taken to correct this hereafter. I send you, on Monday next, 200 more horses and 25 four-mule teams. I can send at the same time 100 mules, partially broken. Do you want them? I have not neglected the business with Mr. T. and others. I shall know to day definitely, I think. Officers and sergeants are continually ordered here from the army by corps and division commanders with requisitions. That order does not seem to have reached many commands. I send them all back to you.

I send you to-day a detailed statement of actual time that supplies actually left here for Hagerstown. I sent, on the 8th, 25 teams to Pitkin, loaded with shelter-tents, stationery, &amp;c.

C. G. SAWTELLE,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

McCLELLAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

October 11, 1862.

Colonel C. G. SAWTELLE, Quartermaster:

Have just received your package, which shows us all that you have done all in your power to supply the clothing. If it has not actually left Washington, I think it had better not go on the Hagerstown road until we know better what the rebels are doing at Chambersburg. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad cars should not be diverted now; but why was not the clothing sent? Captain Pitkin has not received his supplies yet. He has no stationery, &c. Where is the trouble?

RUFUS INGALLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Chief Quartermaster.

CAMDEN STATION,

Baltimore, October 11, 1862.

General HERMAN HAUPT:

Winchester road perhaps the worst in the Union. It is of thin slab rail fully 301/2 out of 32 miles of its length. It has but one siding that holds over 12 cars, and that we laid this year. We had to relay with T or thick plate rail, with siding, nearly 2 miles of track, and patch the wooden sills and cross timbers in a hundred places, to render it fit for use at all. Even then the highest number of loaded cars we were enabled to take in one day through to Winchester was about 52. It has a muddy bed, in greatest part, that churns dreadfully in wet weather, and at best will not carry any engines safely at 10 miles per

