
[CHAP. XXXI.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,

Camp near Knoxville, Md., October 12, 1862.

General HERMAN HAUPT,

Military Superintendent Railroads, Washington:

General McClellan is of the opinion that the Winchester Railroad cannot be reconstructed now so as to benefit a movement this autumn. All that can be done will be to repair the road as well and as fast as possible. The army cannot be supplied but a short distance from a railroad. After reaching Winchester or Strasburg, our supplies could come by the Manassas Gap Railroad, as you suggest. The general only wishes that you will order such repairs and assistance as in your power. I suspect that our roads have been damaged somewhat by Stuart's raid, but to what extent I have not heard.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Chief Quartermaster.

OCTOBER 12, 1862?

Brigadier General R. INGALLS:

Your telegram did not reach me until 8.40 p.m. I reply immediately. The road is in running order now to the north side of the river at Harper's Ferry. The amount of supplies that can be sent forward will exceed you requirements if cars are promptly unloaded and returned. The transportation can be commenced immediately if trains are free from annoyance by the enemy's artillery on the opposite side of the river. The bridges at Harper's Ferry you cannot expect soon, and must rely upon a pontoon bridge for your communication. W. P. Smith, the superintendent of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, will promptly attend to your orders for transportation.

H. HAUPT.

CAMDEN STATION, October 12, 1862.

General HAUPT:

As it is within my absolute knowledge that Stuart's forces have all left Pennsylvania and have gone south of our roads east of Monocacy., the necessity for hurry in moving troops is confined to our own road and we cannot let our cars go off our line unless so ordered. We are loading here to-day every car we can raise, and need many more.

W. P. SMITH.

OCTOBER 12, 1862.

WILLIAM P. SMITH:

It has been decided not to relay the Winchester Railroad at present, but to repair it as well and as fast as possible. Please make such arrangements as will be necessary, and let me know how I can assist.

H. HAUPT.

CAMDEN STATION,

October 12, 1862-8.40 p.m.

General HAUPT:

Will be glad to meet you to-morrow night. Why, don't you know yet that Stuart's men approached to Potomac this forenoon, near Sugar

