
Loaf Mountain, and had a battle with somebody in that quarter of three hours' duration? Cannon heard at Mount Airy, Monocacy, and Point of Rocks from 9.30 a.m. till 12.20 p.m. Frederick, with great army stores, our cars, engines, and bridges at Monocacy have made a narrow escape, as they came within 3 miles of them all. I doubt not General Halleck will tell you they were either captured or chased into Virginia to-day, out of our way for [the] present anyhow. Let me hear the finale, won't you?

W. P. SMITH.

OCTOBER 12, 1862.

Major-General MCCLELLAN:

President Garrett asks us to furnish timber to reconstruct the Harper's Ferry Bridge. I will order an examination to determine what timber we have that can be spared, and will place it at his disposal. The rebels are taking up the rails on the railroad between Bristoe and Warrenton, and are carrying them off with two engines captured from us. I reported this fact last night, and orders have been given to send out troops to occupy the road, and we will commence to-morrow morning to reconstruct it. Appearances would indicate a disposition on the part of the rebels to abandon the Orange and Alexandria Railroad south of Manassas, and complete the connection between Staunton and Winchester or Mount Jackson by using the rails taken up on the other roads, for that purpose. The reconstruction of the Harper's Ferry Bridge will require some time, as the remains of the old structure will be very difficult of removal, chiefly of wrought iron, strongly riveted together Trestles may be swept away at any time by freshest. It would seem to be necessary to construct a wagon bridge for present use, and unload stores on the opposite side of the river.

H. HAUPT.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 12, 1862-7.15 p.m.

JOHN W. GARRETT, Esq.,

President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, Baltimore:

Your dispatch concerning the material and bridges at Monocacy and Harper's Ferry is received, and measures have been taken to prevent your materials being disturbed. The planks taken from the Monocacy Bridge have been ordered to be replaced. The bridge at Harper's Ferry is being planked, to make it available for crossing infantry, which will be a matter of considerable importance. It will not be used for wagons, unless an extraordinary and unlooked-for emergency should arise.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 279. Camp near Knoxville, Md., October 12, 1862.

* * * * * *

V. Brigadier General G. R. Paul, U. S. Volunteers, will report for duty to Brigadier General J. F. Reynolds, commanding First Corps.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

