
[CHAP. XXXI.

was, with 75 men, through Stafford County as far as Stevensburg. He found no strong force of the enemy on his way, but skirmished with the pickets near Culpeper. Cavalry pickets of the enemy are extending from Bealeton Station to Catlett's and Bristoe.

As I telegraphed yesterday, our cavalry has been sent from Centreville toward Snickersville. General Stahel reports in regard to this expedition as follows:

MIDDLEBURG, via CENTREVILLE, 3 p.m.

General SIGEL:

I arrived with my force, quite early at Aldie, where I left a strong reserve. I have sent half of my force toward Paris and half toward Snickersville. My force took possession of Middleburg and other bridge over Goose Creek. We made till now about 100 prisoners, who have been paroled. The bridge at the creek is a covered one. I took possession of the road. I pushed from the above two named places the force farthest from the road toward Paris. I have no news from there or Snickersville. Colonel Sackett reports that 2 or 3 miles to his right are some, or all, of White's cavalry. I have sent out to find out exactly their strength, and ordered him afterward to go to Beaver Dam Bridge. I could learn, see, nor hear nothing of Stuart and his cavalry, only that his messenger through Middleburg very early this morning. I myself will return now to Aldie.

JUL. STAHEL,

Brigadier-General.

Respectfully, yours,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, [VA.,]

October 13, 1862-9.30.

General HEINTZELMAN:

A man named Moore came into our lines to-day. He says he left Lynch burg and came by Gordonsville to Sulpeper. At Culpeper he saw but 200 or 300 rebel soldiers; also a camp of 600 or 800 men at Rappahannock Station, 6 or 8 men at Warrenton Junction, and a vedette at Bristoe. I learn from him that there are no freight trains running from Gordonsville to Culpeper; that he only saw 8 or 10 Confederate wagons on the road, and that the enemy receive their supplies by way of Staunton.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

Not so late as others previously forwarded.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSE OF WASHINGTON,October 13, 1862-12 m.

Major General FRANZ SIGEL,

Fairfax Court-House:

Referring to telegrams sent you this morning in regard to enemy's movements, the commanding general desires you to send out a force of cavalry from Centreville and Fairfax Court-House to observe and give timely notice of their movements. General Heintzelman will send cavalry along the river toward Leesburg for the same purpose. The commanding general instructs me to remind you that your troops are ad-

