
one to Woodsborough and one to Johnsville, and to cover the line of country with scouts from the vicinity of Creagerstown, Woodsborough, New Windors, and toward Westminster, and to communicate any information to General Pleasonton and myself.

As my company, ordered to Woodsborough, entered the town at 10.30 p. m., they found the head of the rebel column just passing through and taking the road to Liberty. This information was communicated to me at 12 midnight, with information that it, had also been sent to General Pleasonton, at Mechanicstown. This information being soon confirmed, that the rebel column was all passing toward Liberty, I at once sent a message and dispatch to General Marcy and yourself to that effect. A large portion of the rebel column halted between Woodsborough and Liberty, to feed and get information of our forces. Their rear guard did not leave Liberty until 7 a. m. of the 12 th. I had no force whatever left me to follow their rear, or in any way to harass their march.

I have no casualties to report in my regiment.

I would especially commend to your notice Corpl. John Anders, of Company D, regiment of Lancers, for gallantry on scout at Woodsborough. He dismounted and entered the town on foot, in disguise, while the rebel column was passing; talked freely with their men; was suspected and detained, and escaped and rejoined me soon after daylight, bringing most valuable information; also Private Joseph Dougherty, of the same company and regiment, for gallantry in dashing ;through Emmittsburg while it was occupied by the enemy, in order to carry a message to my companies near Gettysburg.

I regret very much that this second raid has been so successfully accomplished by Stuart's cavalry; but, with the small and crippled force at my disposal near this town (but seven companies, of about 275), it has been impossible for me to do more than I have done to check this unfortunate raid.

My scouts captured 12 prisoner, a very intelligent young man, Jonathan Scott, of the First Virginia Cavalry. He tells me that the rebel force consisted of the First, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Ninth and Tenth Virginia Cavalry; the First and Second North Carolina Cavalry; the Cobb Legion, and the Jeff. Davis Legion, and was between 4,000 and 5,000 strong, and that they had captured and carried off 1,500 horses from Pennsylvania. This prisoner I have turned over to Colonel Allen, at Frederick, Md. He also states that they entered at Dam Numbers 5, and were to leave at Edwards Ferry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. H. RUSH,

Colonel Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Lancers.

Brigadier General JOHN BUFORD,

Chief of Cavalry, Headquarters Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 9. Reports of Brigadier General George Stoneman, U. S. Army, commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS,Poolesville, Md., October 13, 1862.

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions from the commanding general, I have the honor to make the following report in regard to the manner in which I have carried out the instructions communicated to

