
Witch regard to the Confederate wounded, nurses, and doctors, I would urge that every one of them be sent away at once, and the sympathizing benevolent nurses, who live on our side, prohibited visiting them while in this vicinity. I would adopt this rule without waiting for instructions, but none but a general rule will avail.

I would respectfully suggest that some secret agents be sent to these hospitals.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

POOLESVILLE, MD.,

October 14, 1862-10 a.m. (Received 10.15 a.m.)

Captain RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Reports from the other side of the river state that 10,000 cavalry passed through Leesburg last night, supposed to be going in the direction of Washington. I have sent over the river to find out. My forces are now posted as follows: Two regiments at the month of the Monocacy River; Robinson's brigade at Conrad's Ferry and above; Berry's brigade, Colonel Poe commanding, at Edwards Ferry; two regiments at the mouth of the Seneca Creek, and the rest-five regiments and a small force of cavalry and two pieces of artillery-at this point. The river is picketed from Noland's Ferry to a point 5 miles below the mouth of Seneca Creek.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Brigadier-General.

(Repeated to McClellan, Heintzelman, and Sigel, 11.15 a.m.)

BANKS' HEADQUARTERS, October 14, 1862-12 m.

Major General FRANZ SIGEL:

Referring to telegrams sent to you this morning, in regard to the enemy's movements, the commanding general desires you to send out a force of cavalry from Centreville and Fairfax Court-House, to observe and give timely notice of their movments. General Heintzelman will send cavalry along the river, toward Leesburg, for the same purpose. The commanding general instructs me to remind you that your troops are advanced as a corps of observation, and that, if menaced by a superior force of the enemy, you are to fall back to the lines of defense. General Heintzelman will be ready to send forward a portion of his troops to support this movement, should it become necessary. Telegraph such information as you may receive in duplicate to General Heintzelman and these headquarters. Acknowledge.

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

ARLINGTON HOUSE,

October 14, 1862-1.15 p.m.

Colonel DAVIES or COMMANDING OFFICER,

Cavalry Division:

Ten thousand rebel cavalry are reported as having marched through Leesburg in the direction of Washington. The major-general command-

