
[CHAP. XXXI.

ing directs that you send one squadron of cavalry on reconnaissance up the Leesburg and Alexandria turnpike, toward Leesburg, and one squadron in same direction, on Leesburg and Georgetown turnpike. All information of the enemy will be reported directly to these headquarters and to General Abercrombie at Fort Ethan Allen. Acknowledge.

Very respectfully,

L. HUNT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON,October 14, 1862.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN, Arlington:

Please report immediately the present disposition of your troops. The General-in-Chief anticipates a dash of Stuart's cavalry into Washington, and directs that everything be in readiness to meet such an attempt. Have the guards of the bridges strengthened to-night and extra vigilant. Provide buckets, &amp;c., to extinguish fires. Will send you copy of General Halleck's order.

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

8 P. M.

General HEINTZELMAN, Arlington:

General SIGEL, Fairfax Court-House:

The following is for your information:
HEADQUARTERS,Poolessville, October 14, 1862-4.30 p.m. (Received 5 p.m.)

Captain RICHARD B. IRWIN, Aide-de-Camp:

My scouts from the other side of the river have just returned, and report that there are now no cavalry or other force in Leesburg. Stuart left there last evening, but, as near as I can find out, in the direction of Winchester. I have the river well guarded from the mouth of the Monocacy to a point 5 or 6 miles below the mouth of the Seneca, where our depot of supplies is. I have reported to General McClellan, and am directed to keep my force as now stationed. If the enemy crosses, I shall concentrate my whole force upon him. General Marcy forbids my crossing the river in pursuit. The canal is now full up to Harper's Ferry.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

Received October 14, 1862.

Major-General BANKS and

Major-General HEINTZELMAN:

Brigadier-General Stahel, whom I saw to-day, tells me that he saw at Aldie last night, between 9 and 10, the fires of a large camp between Aldie and Leesburg. We take it as certain that it was the camp of the cavalry force which was reported to be encamped at Leesburg at night. Our cavalry was at Snickersville between 5 and 6 p.m. yesterday, and within 6 miles of Leesburg, without meeting the main force of Stuart.

