
[CHAP. XXXI.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON,October 15, 1862.

General CULLUM, Chief of Staff, &amp;c.:

DEAR SIR: I forward, for the information of the commanding general, a memorandum of information brought in this morning by---and

-----

, two agents that I sent into the Shenandoah Valley a week since. What they describe they saw for themselves, and the opinions they express are the opinions of intelligent people in the valley. I believe them very honest and reliable men.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, yours, &c.,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

No enemy between Harper's Ferry and Bunker Hill. Their army is between Bunker Hill and Winchester, on both sides of the road; a few on Pughtown road and on Romney road. Headquarters of Lee and Jackson at Winchester. No re-enforcements since week before last; then received about 15,000. No re-enforcements since week before last; then received about 15,000. Their artillery chiefly at Winchester; some at Bunker Hill. No force at Charlestown except Captain Chew's battery of three pieces and 300 of Twelfth Virginia Cavalry; 200 cavalry, besides, at Keys' Ford; one company of infantry and one gun at Castleman's Ferry. Not fortifying anywhere. Most of the people think they will fall back, but nobody knows anything with certainty. They are running all the flour mills, and are bringing the grain of the valley to them, using all exertion and pressing all the wagons of the country to get away the sick and wounded men. Good many sick. Many soldiers without tents, suffering greatly. Those who suppose their army is not over 70,000 or 80,000 are entirely mistaken; it is not less than, and not over, 150,000. For 8 miles the country is full of soldiers, between Bunker Hill and Winchester and on the Pughtown road. Common people are suffering badly. Difficulty to get food. People talk as if the Federal Government intended to give up the war. Expect attack from General McClellan. Estimate his force at 100,000. Rebels are in good spirits and good condition to fight; lack nothing, unless it be ammunition. It is not know what supply they have. People think they will fall back, but here is nothing in the movements to indicate such purpose, and think the rebels have no idea of an attack on Washington. Have heard nothing said by the people indicating such purpose. Nights are cold. A man is uncomfortable night and morning without an overcoat. A very small portion of the men are housed. Not more than one-quarter have tents. Most of them have built huts. Nothing in these huts that looks like winter quarters. They began building huts for winter last year about this time.

GALLIPOLIS, October 15, 1862.

Major N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I find that General Milroy has sent a brigade to Guyandotte to look after Jenkins there. I shall not recall it at present. General Morgan will send over his command by regiments as fast as they are clothed. He has six Tennessee regiments, which are very desirous of going to

