
[CHAP. XXXI.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH CORPS,Sandy Hook, Md., October 16, 1862.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 14th instant, relative to the inspection report of the Second Division of this corps, I have the honor to report--

1. Since I have been in command of the corps, I have had no opportunity to learn, from a personal inspection, the condition of this division. I was in command of the First Division until, as senior officer, I succeeded Major-General Banks on the day (September 4) the corps marched from near Fort Albany for Rockville. From that date the corps was daily on the march, or under orders to be in constant readiness to march, until we reached Maryland Heights, September 21. The Second Division was almost immediately ordered, by General Sumner, to occupy Loudoun Heights, and I was notified, in writing, by Colonel Taylor, his chief of staff, to consider it temporarily detached from my command, and in direct communication with his headquarters, except so far as returns, applications, and requisitions were concerned. I was further directed to consider myself in immediate command of Maryland Heights. Thus separated from the division by distance, and what I supposed the intention of the major-general commanding the two corps, I have had no opportunity while here to learn its defects, and certainly none to apply a remedy. I was, however, from my connection with the same corps, and from a personal inspection of all the regiments, while a few days in command of the corps, near Culpeper Court-House, well aware of the imperfect state of the drill, discipline, and order of this division. It was, however, but a few days after the battle of Cedar Mountain, in which the division had suffered greatly in loss of officers and men, and under circumstances which in some measure excused its unsatisfactory condition. While on the march through Maryland I endeavored, during the very few days the corps was not actually in motion, to obtain such reports of strength, organization, amount of ammunition, condition of arms, &amp;c., as seemed most necessary under the existing circumstances. It was found, however, that our halts were not sufficiently long to complete even these reports, in the absence of books and papers, which had become separated from the command or lost on the retreat from Culpeper.

2. Condition of arms and ammunition.-Several ammunition reports have been made to these headquarters, stating the number of rounds per man in boxes and on the person. In no instance has report been made that the ammunition in the boxes was not in good condition, or that the arms were not in proper order. A thorough investigation of this matter will be at once had, and a further report made with as little delay as practicable.

3. Clothing.-The attention of the commanding general has been repeatedly called to this matter. The answer returned is that requisitions have been made and are not filled. It will be found, I think, that, owing to difficulties of transportation, supplies of clothing have but recently reached this post, and now in limited quantity.

4. Condition of camp.-Much of the unpoliced state of the camps, as well as the reported uncleanly condition of the men, is attributable to the fact that the division is encamped on the summit of Loudoun Heights, a long distance from water, and upon rocky or stony ground, quite unsuitable for a well-ordered camp. The neglect of camp guards, police parties, and other precautions of a well-regulated camp is owing, doubtless, to the reduced number of officers and men in the regiments, especially of officers, of which there are but three or four in some regiments. Indeed,

