
some of the regiments are mere skeletons, not equal to a full company. In the report of Brigadier-General Greene, commanding the division, showing the organization, list of regiments and commanders, September 25, of the twelve regiments present, two were commanded by lieutenant-colonels, three by majors, six by captains, and one by a lieutenant; one brigade was commanded by a major and two by lieutenant-colonels. A copy of this report was forwarded to the adjutant-general of the Army of the Potomac, September 26.

5. In reference to First District of Columbia Volunteers.-In the report above alluded to, sent to the Adjutant-General 26th of September, the following remarks were made opposite First District of Columbia Volunteers: "Colonel, absent, sick; all the officers and men disappeared, and now absent by sickness or desertion." Similar report of total desertion or disappearance of this regiment was made on more than one occasion to the headquarters of General Sumner, to whom reports from this corps were ordered to be made. I also directed a detailed report to be made of this case by the division commander, as soon as the facts could be ascertained. I inclose herewith an extract of a letter of Brigadier-General Greene, then commanding the division, under date October 8, accompanying a monthly report of the division, which fully explains the condition of this regiment when it left, and the manner of its leaving. I can only add that I hear the regiment is now on duty at Alexandria.

6. Cause of the unfortunate condition of this division; its brief history.- In justice to the officers heretofore in command of the Second Division, and of this corps, I beg leave briefly to state its history and some of the causes of its demoralization. It was originally hastily got together at Harper's Ferry in June last, during the advance of the rebels, under General Jackson. Many of the regiments were incomplete, without discipline or drill, and without preparations of any kind for the field. Under command of General Sigel, they were hurried up the valley, exposed to severe cold rains, without shelter and without proper supply of rations. In a short time one of the largest regiments (Sixtieth New York) was completely prostrated, and several others suffered very severely from fevers. At Middletown, Va., the division passed from General Sigel to General Cooper, and again at Little Washington to General Augur. At this post a strong and very fine regiment (Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, the only one which seems to stand well in the recent inspection) was transferred to this division from the First Division, and, with the four Ohio regiments, very much reduced and demoralized (formerly in Brigadier-General Geary.) At the same camp Generals Prince and Greene reported, and were put in command of the two other brigades. Unfortunately, the discipline and drill which seemed about to be given to this division, under these capable and experienced officers, was, in a great measure, prevented by the forward movement soon made, and the loss at Cedar Mountain of Generals Augur and Geary, wounded, and of General Prince, taken prisoner, besides several efficient and capable field and staff officers killed, wounded, or captured. From that day until our arrival at this point, this division, with the residue of the corps, has been in almost daily marches. Much of its camp and garrison equipage, its clothing, and many of the regimental and company books and papers were destroyed or lost on the march, or necessarily left behind. For weeks, regiments and companies were separated from their wagons, the contents of which, in several cases, were emptied, and the wagons seized, by superior orders, to supply transportation for provisions, ammunition, or the sick and wounded of other commands.

