
McCLELLAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

October 17, 1862-1 p.m. (Received 2.20 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The two reconnaissances sent out yesterday have not returned. Hancock went with his infantry to Charlestown, and Humphreys, from Sharpsburg, went about 3 miles beyond Kearneysville, both sending their cavalry in advance of these positions. Humphreys, at 9.15 this morning, reports a very large force of the enemy in his front and on his right flank. Hancock also reports a considerable force in his front and on his left. From all I can learn I behave the main rebel army still remains in the vicinity of Bunker Hill and Winchester. I will report the result of our cavalry reconnaissances of to-day as soon as I get advices.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 17, 1862. (Received 4.15 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

As the draft is now in progress in some of the States, I beg to call your attention to the necessity of filling up the old regiments at the earliest possible moment, and to urge that the first results of the draft be at once applied toward accomplishing this object, which will so greatly and so rapidly increase the efficiency of this army.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

OCTOBER 17, 1862-9.15 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK:

General Porter leaves for Washington to-morrow. Generals Butterfield and Griffin are also absent, attending a court of inquiry in Washington. Their corps will suffer from the absence of

so many general officers. I should, therefore, be glad to have their evidence taken as soon as practicable, that they may return.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 17, 1862.

Brigadier General HERMAN HAUPT,

Superintendent and Military Director of Railroads:

GENERAL You will proceed immediately to inspect the Cumberland Valley Railroad, and take such measures as may be necessary to enforce promptness and efficiency in the transportation and delivery of military supplies over that road from Harrisburg to Hagerstown.

It is represented that the service is inefficiently performed by the agents of this company; that private and express freight is given preference to Government supplies, and that agents are not present to dispatch cars.

