
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 164. October 18, 1862.

Certain irregularities and neglects of existing orders and regulations respecting the artillery service having been found to prevail more or less in this army, the following instructions are published for the guidance of those concerned:

I. The artillery assigned to divisions will not be distributed to brigades, but will be kept together under the orders of the commandants of division artillery.

II. The reserve batteries of each corps will either be embodied and form a distinct command, under the chief of artillery of the corps, or be distributed for instructions, for the march, and for supplies, among the divisions. For battle, these reserve batteries will be united under command of the chief of artillery of the corps.

III. The means of regularly supplying rations, forage, and quartermasters' stores will be fully provided for by orders from the corps commanders, who will report what steps they have taken to carry out this order. A neglect of this duty has caused inconvenience, and, in some cases, injury to the service. Commissaries and quartermasters will not be detailed from any battery which has not a surplus of officers for the number of its guns.

IV. The weekly inspection by commanders of batteries, prescribed in Paragraph 304, General Regulations, will be through, and will extend to the personnel and materiel of the batteries. The ammunition, primers, and fuses will be carefully examined to see that they are in good order, properly packed, and aired at proper times. The harness will be inspected to see if it be in proper repair, well oiled, and sound. The inspector will see if the supply of horseshoes and nails be sufficient, and if the horses be properly shod; and, with regard to the carriages, if they be properly screwed up, to prevent the loose working of their different parts.

V. The result of each inspection will be reported by the commanded of the battery to his artillery commander, who will, at least once a month, verify the reports by a personal inspection, and report the result to the chief of artillery of the corps, who will, either on the monthly consolidated report or by a special report, inform the chief of artillery at these headquarters of the condition of each battery, and suggest necessary changes or improvements.

VI. A consolidated morning report of all the batteries belonging to each corps, according to the form in use in this army, will be sent to the chief of artillery of this army, by the chief of artillery of each corps, for the 20th of this month, and for the first day of each month hereafter. These reports will include all the batteries, present and absent, noting on separate lines, opposite each, the division to which it belongs, and, if absent, the cause of absence. The names of the officers present and absent will be entered on the back of the report. All the columns in the report will be filled as far as possible. The reports for the 20th instant will be sent in at the earliest hour practicable, as they are required to show the present condition of the artillery of this army. They will state the number of horses required from the Quartermaster's Department, by each battery, to render it efficient. A supply of battery horses is expected soon.

VII. Chief of artillery of corps will take the necessary measures to cause the careful study, in all the batteries, of the article on field service (Instruction for Field Artillery, page 52.)

VIII. On marches, no supplies or baggage whatever, except the knap-

