
[CHAP. XXXI.

sacks of cannoneers, articles authorized by regulations, and, when circumstances absolutely require it, two days' forage of grain and one of hay, twisted, will be allowed on artillery carriages; nor will any article be placed on the spare wheels. Battery commanders will be responsible for the enforcement of this order, and they, the chiefs of artillery, and general officers will, in their respective commands, cause all articles placed on artillery carriages, contrary to this order, to be thrown off. Three days' grain forage can readily be carried in bags on the valise saddles of the off horses.

IX. On level, good roads, when it will not add sensibly to the labor of the horses, a portion of the cannoneers, not to exceed two to the piece and four to the caisson, may be allowed to ride; but no man shall ride longer than half an hour at a time. If the roads are bad or pass over rolling or hilly ground, no one shall, under any circumstances, be allowed to mount the chests, except the artificers who work in camp, for whom the limber chests of the forge and battery wagons are reserved. On approaching a hill, all men mounted on the chests will, without waiting orders, dismount. The chests will be mounted only by order of the commander of the battery, or by his authority.

X. In those corps to which chiefs of artillery have not been appointed, the duties imposed and reports called for by this order will be provided for at the headquarters of the corps.

XI. The attention of commanders of corps and divisions is called to the fact that they are responsible for the good condition and efficiency of their batteries, and that they are kept properly supplied.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 285. Camp near Knoxville, Md., October 18, 1862.

* * * * * *

VI. Brigadier General J. Newton is assigned to the command of the division lately under Major General D. N. Couch, and Brigadier General W. T. H. Brooks to the command of the division recently under Major General H. W. Slocum. These officers will join their respective divisions without delay.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 18, 1862-12 m.

General WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN,

Commanding Sixth Army Corps, Hagerstown:

In addition to the information received this morning from you, regarding the arrival at Hedgesville of a force of the enemy, the following has been received from General Kelley, date 9.50 a.m. to-day, from Cumberland:

The telegraph operator at Back Creek reports a force of rebels at Hedgesville, of about 6,000 infantry, cavalry, and artillery. This is undoubtedly reliable.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

