
[CHAP. XXXI.

movements of the enemy. Also communicate, via Hancock, with the commanding officer of the division which marches to Hancock this evening.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 18, 1862-8 [?] p.m.

General WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN, Hagerstown:

A telegram just received from General Kelley says the force that was at Hedgesville left there this morning on the Romney road.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 18, 1862-7 p.m.

General WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN,

Hagerstown, Md.:

Your telegram of 4 p.m. received. You will please order all of Howe's brigade, with the exception of a picket to watch the ford, to accompany the division. General Newton has been assigned to Couch's division to-day. Please direct him to command the expedition. The commanding general also directs that your order another brigade from another division of your corps to march to McCoy's Ferry, to remain there as a support to Newton, if he should call for it.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

FREDERICK, MD., October 18, 1862.

General M. C. MEIGS:

Nearly 200 cars are now being occupied at Monocacy, and on sidings for 20 miles east, with Government loading, mainly commissary stores consigned to Frederick. They were loaded chiefly at Alexandria in past ten days, and are accumulating, an average of 40 cars, including forage and all, and that being unloaded at Frederick now; and as a large quantity of subsistence is on hand here, mainly in open air, and as cars are wanted for other use, won't your order suspension of loading for Frederick till large accumulation is discharged and provided for? Cars are promptly unloaded at Harper's Ferry and Knoxville, and I have asked Colonel Ingalls to order a portion of this delayed loading there. To add to this absorption of cars, they are still being sent from Alexandria to Hagerstown.

W. P. SMITH,

GALLIPOLIS, October 18, 1862.

Major N. H. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cincinnati:

Reports of rebels retreating from Charleston confirmed. The most trustworthy report seems to be that they are moving through the valley of Virginia, with intent to concentrate on Kelley or Milroy. My old

