
ordered to report to Major-General McClellan for orders, as brigadier-general. I was assigned to this brigade and ordered to report to General Stoneman.

On the 12th instant, and before I could see General Stoneman, three regiments of this brigade, under command of Colonel Staples, Third from General Stoneman, and marched toward the mouth of the Monocacy River. Learning that the enemy were about to pass through our lines I proceeded to join the command. About 10 a. m., and at the request of Colonel Staples, I assumed command, and found that the enemy were passing in our front and constantly changing their position, when I received a communication from General Pleasonton to the effect that, with what assistance I could give, the enemy could be intercepted and taken. Not fifteen minutes had elapsed when I reported to General Pleasonton in person, on the filed, whose entire command (of artillery and cavalry) was in position, and whose examination, by field-glass, discovered the enemy crossing the Potomac at White's Ford. General Pleasonton replied to me that it was too late; that nothing could be done. I then asked him if I could not do something. He replied that it was too late; that I should have been there three hours sooner.

I immediately reported by staff officer to General Stoneman, who ordered me to apply to General Pleasonton for a force of cavalry, and proceed immediately with my command to cross the river and pursue and capture the enemy. General Pleasonton refused his cavalry peremptorily, which fact (and concentrating my command at White's Ford- three of my regiments had been under the command of General Pleasonton during the day) I reported to General Stoneman. The night became extremely dark and stormy, and having no cavalry force I was ordered to return to Poolesville.

I have the honor to transmit herewith the report of Colonel H. G. Staples, Third Maine Volunteers, who was in command of the brigade during the morning of the 12th instant, having heretofore handed you the report of Colonel Walker, Fourth Maine Volunteers, who was under the command of General Pleasonton, at the mouth of Monocacy River.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. HOBART WARD,

Brigadier-General.

Major H. W. BREVOORT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 11. Report of Colonel Henry G. Staples, Third Maine Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MAINE REGIMENT,Near White's Ford, Md., October 18, 1862.

General Ward having been ordered to report to General McClellan, on the 10th instant assumed command of the brigade.

On the 11th, about 6 p. m., I received an order from General Stoneman, of which the following is a copy:
HEADQUARTERS,Poolesville, Md., October 11, 1862.

COLONEL: I inclose you herewith copy of a dispatch just received, for your information and guidance.* I wish you to send two regiments to the mouth of the Monocacy.

---------------

*Probably that quoted in Stoneman's report, p. 43.

---------------

