
but a few days, I can always provide what is wanted. The delay now for clothing is chargeable to negligence of brigade commanders and their quartermasters.

Very truly, yours,

RUFUS INGALLS.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 20, 1862-10.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General SYKES,Commanding Fifth Corps:

GENERAL: It is reported that Jackson, with about 40,000 rebel troops, is between Martinsburg and Hedgesville, and that Longstreet has marched toward Snickersville for Centreville and the south. The commanding general directs you to hold your command ready to move at short notice, with two days' rations in haversacks, and to put the approach to the river near you in good order for crossing. A rebel force of artillery, infantry, and cavalry is reported within 2 miles of the ford, 2 miles below Knoxville, and marching on it. The commanding general directs you to be on the alert to prevent any crossing of the enemy at any point of the river near you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Assistant Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON, October 20, 1862.

General CULLUM, Chief of Staff, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose to you, for the information of the commanding general, a general estimate and description of the rebel army on the Potomac, under General Lee. It is compiled by Colonel John S. Clark, of my staff, from information obtained by the examination of some 250 prisoners, captured by our forces during the late battles in Virginia and on the Potomac. This schedule of troops represents two hundred and twenty-eight regiments. There are still some regiments from which we have taken prisoners that are not included in this statement, but which will be added as soon as authentic information can be obtained. The number of each regiment is that given by the men belonging to it, with the exception of forty-six regiments, out of the two hundred and twenty-eight, which are estimated at 400 men each. The other regiments average but 336 each.

Some of the regiments, on entering service, numbered 1,400, and are now reduced to 300 and less. The statement represents the number of each regiment, brigade, and division fit for duty, not the number embraced by the muster-rolls, which is much larger. The total strength of the rebel army for duty on this basis is nearly 100,000. This presents, perhaps, the best view of the organization of the rebel army that can be obtained apart from its own muster-rolls. The method adopted to obtain this information will be found, upon full consideration, to be a very reliable one. It consists in examining each prisoner apart, and comparing the statements of each with that of others. The result, if the prisoners are numerous, must be very nearly approximate to the

