
GALLIPOLIS, October 20, 1862.

Generals MILROY and CROOK, Clarksburg, [Va.:]

The suggestions of your dispatch are adopted. General Milroy's command will operate toward Beverly, and on the Staunton road; General Crook's on the Summerville road, the two co-operating, until the country in vicinity of Beverly is quieted, and further operations made reasonably practicable. Transportation must be hired from the country, as far as possible, as very little can be procured elsewhere. Lightburn's division is moving up Kanawha, but will be delayed by making roads and removing obstructions from the river. General Morgan's has not yet arrived here. Report your means of extending operations east and south. Stores of all kinds have been ordered to Clarksburg, but the railroads are slow in transporting. Care must be taken not to leave a gap between you and Kelley, through which mischief may be done before you can concentrate to oppose it. I will keep you notified of the progress of the column here.

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP, October 20, 1862-10.20 a. m.

Colonel A. BECKWITH,Commissary of Subsistence, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

Please send no more subsistence stores to Frederick City at present. Commence so that they will first arrive on Thursday, the 23d. Send daily, direct to Harper's Ferry, 40,000 rations, and the same amount daily to Sandy Hook. Captain J. C. Read, U. S. Volunteers, is in charge of the latter-named depot.

H. F. CLARKE,

Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Commissary of Subsistence.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 20, 1862-10.10 a. m.

Brigadier-General KELLEY, Cumberland:

It is reported that a force of 30,000 men, under Jackson, is at Hedgesville, engaged in tearing up the railroad, and is pressing wagons to carry off the rails-to what point is not known. Ascertain, if possible, whether this is so, and co-operate with commanding officer at Hancock in giving the best protection in your power to the railroad.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,Colonel and Assistant Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 20, 1862-10.10 p. m.

Brigadier-General STONEMAN, Poolesville:

Major-General SLOCUM, Commanding Banks' Corps:

Major-General COUCH, Commanding Summer's Corps:

News was brought to Knoxville this evening by two refugees that a large force of rebels-artillery, infantry, and cavalry-were within 2

