
miles of the river, and moving toward the ford 2 miles below Knoxville, where, on this side of the river, there is a large corral of horses. The major-general commanding directs you to be well on the alert, to prevent any crossing of the enemy to this side.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 20, 1862-10.30 p. m.

Major-General FRANKLIN, Hagerstown:

Telegraph operator at Cherry Run confirms report that rebels are tearing up the road. They have advanced as far as Back Creek. The commanding general desires you to direct General Newton to send some artillery down the tow-path on the Maryland side to shell them out.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,Colonel and Assistant Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, Camp near Knoxville, Md., October 20, 1862.

Colonel D. H. RUCKER,

Depot Quartermaster, Washington:

Colonel Clarke, our chief commissary, has received the following telegram:

FREDERICK, October 19, 1862.

Your telegram regarding the unloading of stores at this place is received. The delay has been made below this place, at Monocacy Bridge. Our laborers are often idle; owing to the stoppage of trains at Monocacy. The grand trouble is in the transportation of sutlers' goods by the railroad company.

A. P. PORTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Please have this matter corrected. It has often been reported. Let the railroad agents understand that the Government supplies shall have precedence over the roads.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 20, 1862-10.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General NEWTON, Hancock:

It is reported that six regiments of the enemy were at North Mountain on the 18th, tearing up the railroad track and pressing wagons to carry off the rails. It is also reported that a large force crossed the mountain to come upon the railroad above Sir John's Run. If you can cut off any portion of the enemy without incurring too great risk, the commanding general desires you to do so. Please co-operate with commanders at Cumberland, Sir John's Run, and Williamsport, and give all protection to the railroad. Send out citizens, if necessary, to gain every possible information of the enemy.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,Colonel and Assistant Chief of Staff.

