HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 20, 1862-10.30 a. m.

General B. F. KELLEY, Cumberland:

Information just received from Sir John's Run that six regiments of the enemy are at North Mountain, tearing up the railroad track. Refugees who left Martinsburg last night (18th [?] report that Jackson's force came there yesterday afternoon, and that a large force crossed the mountains to come onto the railroad above Sir John's Run. General Newton, with a division of Franklin's corps, is at Hancock. The commanding general desires you to communicate with General Newton, in order to secure co-operation in the protection of the railroad, and in cutting off any portion of the enemy's force that may be within reach, if it can be done without too much risk.

R. B. MARCY,Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 20, 1862-11 a. m.

Major General WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN, Hagerstown:

Colonel Campbell, at Sir John's Run, reports last night that six regiments of the enemy are at North Mountain, tearing up the railroad track, and that refugees who left Martinsburg on the night of the 18th say Jackson's force came there that afternoon, and that a large force crossed the mountain to come onto the railroad above Sir John's Run. This has been communicated to General Newton, at Hancock, and General Kelley, at Cumberland, with instructions to co-operate in the protection of the railroad, and in cutting off, if possible, some part of the enemy's force.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Gallipolis, Ohio, October 20, 1862.

Colonel JONATHAN CRANOR,Commanding Brigade, Guyandotte:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your report of the 18th instant, giving statement of affairs in your vicinity.*

Your expedition to Logan and Wayne Counties, and the Big Sandy country, are approved, and you are ordered to prosecute them vigorously.

Official communications to these headquarters must be addressed to the assistant adjutant-general.

By command of Major-General Cox:

G. M. BASCOM,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GALLIPOLIS, October 20, 1862.

Major N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cincinnati:

Colonel Cranor reports from Guyandotte no rebels in that immediate vicinity, but from "2,500 to 4,000" reported in Wayne and Logan Coun-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

