
ties. He is sending reconnoitering parties, and will soon report the foundation for these probably exaggerated reports. The Fifth Virginia, which was irregularly furloughed en masse by General Milroy, is collecting at Ceredo. Cranor has with him at Guyandotte the Fortieth Ohio, Eighty-fourth Indiana, and a squadron of cavalry.

Lightburn moved up the Kanawha to-day. I have ordered him to remove the obstructions in the river at Red House, 25 miles up, and push on, repairing roads, &amp;c., as he goes. I am waiting General Morgan's troops, none of which have yet arrived. The reports from Clarksburg and beyond indicate belief in considerable rebel force near Monterey. Milroy's force not all concentrated there yet; he will move toward Beverly as soon as it is, Crook taking the direction of Summerville. The delays in getting stores over the railway are very embarrassing.

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding District of Western Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 21, [1862]-11.25 a. m. (Received 11.30 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief:

Rumors received late last night lead to the supposition that a large force of the enemy had left the vicinity of Winchester for Snicker's Pass. Later in the night it was reported that the enemy had appeared in force in vicinity of Berlin. Parties were at once sent out to ascertain the facts in the case. The party sent to Berlin has returned, and reports that it was only a foraging party at that point. Four prisoners were taken. I have not yet heard from the main parties sent out. General Stoneman and all the other commanders have been ordered to keep on the alert, and to keep me fully posted. As soon as it is definitely ascertained that the above movements are being made, the necessary arrangements will be made to meet them. The main party sent out from Loudon Heights last night had orders to attempt to capture any party of the enemy they might find opposite Berlin.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHERRY RUN, October 21, 1862-2 p. m.

General NEWTON:

GENERAL: Captain Duncan, with squadron of cavalry from Colonel Williams' command, had just returned from a reconnaissance to Hedgesville. He went to within a quarter of a mile of the town, the pickets giving way, but did not enter the town, as it was reported to him by various persons that they had there 1,000 cavalry, about as much infantry, and six pieces of artillery. It was also reported to him that they were at work destroying the railroad, and that they were going up to burn the Great Cacapon Bridge on the railroad.

Your obedient servant,

CHAS. DEVENS, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

