
and three regiments and the section of artillery with you to this point, both to be done as soon as possible. Instruct the commanding officer to keep pickets well out on all the roads toward his station, and to attack the enemy and secure the led horses which he has a large number. The men will take three day's rations with them, and bring the train up with the command that comes to this point. The other two brigades are on their way up here.

Respectfully, &amp;. c., your obedient servant,

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Brigadier General, Commanding.

In compliance with the orders, the Third and Fourth Maine Regiments, under command of Colonel Walker, were sent to the mount of the Monocacy, with written instructions, as per order. The Thirty-eighth and One hundred and first New York and Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Regiments, with the section of artillery, were sent to Poolesville. The Fortieth New York at this time was on a reconnaissance in Virginia, and the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Regiment was stationed at White's Ford. On the return of the Fortieth New York, Colonel Egan was ordered to remain at the camp near Conrad's Ferry.

On Sunday, the 12th instant, I received orders to move out on the Monocacy road, and General Stoneman would join me there. This was in the morning, about 10 o'clock, I should judge, as people were on their way to church. I marched the command on the Monocacy road until we arrived at a road leading to the right. At this point, two citizens rode up and informed me that the enemy were advancing 3,000 strong, on the road leading from Barnesville to Poolesville. General Ward came up, and I consulted him as to what course to pursue.

While in conversation with General WaRD, Lieutenant Lee, of the brigade staff, informed me that the enemy were in our front. I immediately ordered forward the Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Regiment on the right of the road, and the section of artillery to be posted on an elevation commanding the enemy's position. At this juncture, I received word from General Pleasonton, through Major Pitcher, of the Fourth Maine Regiment, that the enemy were crossing at White's Ford. While the Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Regiment was advancing, I ordered the remaining two regiments immediately forward. The orders were promptly obeyed. Colonel Duffie's cavalry during this time was in advance, and halted in the road. I immediately rode forward and ordered Colonel Duffie to push on to the enemy as rapidly as possible, and I would support him. While advancing on the road leading from Monocacy road to White's Ford I was relieved from command by General Ward, who ordered me to command the three infantry regiments.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY G. STAPLES,

Colonel third maine Regiment.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Brigade.

Numbers 12. POOLESVILLE, MD., October 13, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the movements of the Third Maine Regiments since leaving camp, at Conrad's Ferry.

On the evening of the 11th instant my regiment, by your

