
their old positions, which they retreated from last week. I have feared that our detention would produce this effect, and although the report may not be fully reliable, it makes me more anxious to have the command concentrated. Horses can be furnished here for one battery immediately. You will, therefore, send one of your most efficient batteries at once, and let the mules be exchanged for horses and this post.

As our re-enforcements may be needed soon, your most reliable troops should come forward first, unless there is very strong reason to the contrary. Is anything gained by retaining your artillery at Portland? Facilities for some repairs are much greater here, and I think it would be well to push the whole forward before the threatened rain breaks up the roads.

In haste, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.

GALLIPOLIS, October 21, 1862-8 p. m.

Colonel J. A. J. LIGHTBURN, Buffalo:

If you can protect the boats so as to keep up navigation, without crossing Siber's force, you can keep all together till you know definitely about Jenkins. He must not be permitted to get below you on the other side. Of course his force will not resist you much. Get the road as good as is practicable. Your supplies ought to reach you to-night. Morgan's force will be here to-morrow, and will then move steadily forward. Try to sift reports so as not to be delayed by false ones, and let me know how reliable you regard them.

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.

GALLIPOLIS, October 21, 1862.

Colonel J. A. J. LIGHTBURN,

Commanding Division:

Your dispatch of this morning received. Part of General Morgan's command are on the way from Portland, and will be urged rapidly forward. Cranor cannot leave his present position now. The position at Red House is a good one, and, if the enemy retake their position near Charleston, we shall need all the more to have the obstructions out of the river. Let me know your position daily. The name of the camp does not tell it.

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.

[OCTOBER 21, 1862.-For Halleck to Wright, and Wright's reply, see Series I, Vol. XVI, Part II, p. 635.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 22, [1862]-11.45 a. m.

(Received 12 m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

General Newton, with his division, arrived at Cherry Run at 10 o'clock last night. He telegraphs that General Devens made a personal reconnaissance as far as Back Creek. No enemy. Captain Duncan, Fourth

