
Pennsylvania Cavalry, penetrated within a quarter of a mile of Hedgesville. Force of enemy variously estimated there now. The railroad has not been cut up about Paxton's Cut. The cut has not been injured.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 22, [1862]-2.30 p. m.

(Received 2.55 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief:

Your dispatch of the 21st is received.* After full consultation, I have decided to move upon the line indicated by the President in his letter of the 13th instant, and have accordingly taken steps to execute the movement. I will inform you from time to time of the occupation of Leesburg, Hillsborough, Snickersville, &amp;c. I shall need all the cavalry and other re-enforcements you can send me from Washington.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 22, 1862-8.30 p. m.

(Received 9.45 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

The following information is obtained from letters, dated October 9 and 10, intercepted on the way from Shepherdstown to Baltimore:

Regiments upon regiments of men are passing through Staunton to Winchester. We will soon have a fine army there, and will still have hopes of Maryland rising.

Again:

Do not let Mr. Carroll join the army until we get into the center of Maryland, and then make him join the cavalry.

Another letter says:

My brothers in the army. May call for them sooner than you expect.

Another says:

Staunton being the center of the Confederacy, you know it is rendezvous for troops from all quarters.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,Major-General, Commanding.

OCTOBER 22, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

From your letter of the 18th instant to General Halleck, I learn that one of your corps commanders, not named, reports deficiency of 5,000 pairs shoes on his requisitions. All requisitions from your headquarters have been promptly filled and dispatched. The shoes must be within your camp, or at the railroad stations of Monocacy or Hagerstown, where many cars are reported waiting to be unloaded.

To facilitate and insure distribution, this depot quartermaster will send to-day to Colonel Ingalls, at your headquarters, by a special wagon-train, 10,000 pairs of shoes. Please direct them, on arrival, to the particular camps where needed.

---------------

*See Part I, p. 81.

---------------

