
ington on the 16th had arrived. One or more cars of the previous 500,000 rations were yet behind. Please send as soon as possible 500 barrels of potatoes and onions to Hagerstown depot.

H. F. CLARKE,

Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Commissary of Subsistence.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 293. Camp near Knoxville, October 22, 1862.

I. Whipple's division is assigned to the Twelfth Army Corps, and, after being inspected to-day, will be held in readiness to move at short notice.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, Upton's Hill, Va., October 22, 1862.

Colonel WYNDHAM,Commanding Cavalry Detachments, Chantilly, Va.:

COLONEL: The general commanding cavalry division instructs me to inform you to be ready to report with your whole command to him, at Fairfax Court-House, by Friday morning, the whole command to be ready to make a long and rapid march. You will also collect all information which may be obtained about the present position of the enemy in front, and, particularly, the locality and strength of the picket line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., October 22, 1862. (Received 2.30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The draft is being resisted in several counties of the State. In Schuylkill County I am just informed that 1,000 armed men are assembled, and will not suffer the train to move with the drafted men to this place. I wish ample authority to use my troops in the State, and particularly the regulars and Anderson Cavalry at Carlisle, to crush this effort instantly. We will thus enforce the law, and effectually, if successful, prevent the like occurring in other parts of the State.

Please answer promptly.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

WASHINGTON, October 22, 1862-8 p. m.

Governor CURTIN:

You are authorized to employ the regular force, the Anderson Cavalry, and any other military force in your State to enforce the militia

