
draft, and also to call upon Major-General Wool, the commanding general of the Middle Department, for aid, if you desire it. He has been instructed* to support you with the whole force of the department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GALLIPOLIS, OHIO, October 22, 1862.

Colonel J. A. J. LIGHTBURN, Commanding Division, Buffalo:

Your dispatch of to-day received. What you have done meets the approval of the general commanding. You will push forward to Red House as rapidly as possible, and do the work to be done there as indicated. Transportation will be hurried forward.

By command of Major-General Cox:

G. M. BASCOM,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, October 22, 1862.

General Cox, Gallipolis, Ohio:

I have ordered the Fifteenth Virginia Regiment to New Creek, also three companies of cavalry, and to this place the One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Regiment and Maulsby's battery. Jackson is reported in Martinsburg with 25,000 men. General Newton, of Franklin's division, has arrived at Hancock with two brigades, which renders my command more safe, and will enable me more effectually to protect the railroad east of me. The trains are still running regularly to Hancock. If Loring is falling back from the Kanawha Valley, it is possible he may come down this way, by the valley of South Branch. I will be on the alert.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 23, 1862-10.15 a. m. (Received 10.30 a. m.)

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I would respectfully ask for an early decision upon Captain Duane's letters of the 17th, with my indorsement of the 18th, in regard to the defenses of Harper's Ferry. Until the work is authorized by the War Department, the requisite funds cannot be issued by the Engineer Department. It is great importance that these works should be commenced without delay. I have reason to believe that General Newton's movement to Cherry Run, &amp;c., has induced the enemy to leave Martinsburg, in the direction of Winchester.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 23, 1862-11 a. m.

(Received 11.10 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I respectfully recommend that Brigadier General W. H. Emory, now serving in Baltimore, be relieved from duty there, if agreeable to General Wool,

---------------

*By telegram of same day and hour.

---------------

