
order, to the mouth of the Monocacy. On arriving there, by order of Lieutenant-Colonel Carver, Fourth Maine Regiment, I detached two companies, under command of Captain Margan, to guard the ford and bridge at that point. The remainder of the regiment bivouacked for the night half a mile toward Barnesville.

On the morning of the 12th instant, on the arrival of General Pleasonton, at or about 8 a. m., the picket of the Fourth Maine having discovered the enemy, and they opening fire on our forces, I detached four Penington's battery, which had engaged the enemy. Being convinced of their movements, I reported to General Pleasonton, that, according to the best of my judgment, they were holding us in check with a section of artillery, while they were passing their column to White's Ford. Our guns having apparently silenced theirs, the general advanced his forces, when he discovered the enemy still in position, who immediately renewed the attack. By order of the general I then sent two companies, under command of Captain Morgan (whom I had previously relieved from the bridge), forward as skirmishers, to harass their cannoneers, who found a body of rebel cavalry, dismounted and deployed as skirmishers, which retired on their advancing. At this time the remainder of Pennington's battery, four pieces, came up and opened fire, preventing my skirmishers from advancing. After again silencing the enemy's guns, of which I am satisfied there was but one, the skirmishers, again advancing and opening fire, compelled the enemy's skirmishers to mount and beat a hasty retreat.

At this time, about 9 a. m. an orderly from Colonel Davis [?]

Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, which had been sent down the tow-path of the canal toward White's Ford, arrived, and reported a section of artillery (rebel) in position at the lock, near the ford, and preventing the cavalry from advancing. By order of the general, I then sent one company of my remaining six to that point as skirmishers. Soon after, the general moved his whole force in that direction by telegraph road, and I, on and, taking one from the aqueduct bridge, proceeded toward White's Ford by tow-path, and, on meeting Colonel Davis, ascertained that the enemy had crossed. I then returned to the Monocacy, and soon after received an order to again move the regiment to White's Ford, where I halted, and in the evening joined the brigade and marched to Poolesville, our present camp.

Respectfully submitted.

MOSES B. LAKEMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Third Maine Volunteers.

Numbers 13. Report of Colonel Elijah Walker, Fourth Maine Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MAINE REGIMENT,Poolesville, Md., October 13, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with an order from General Stoneman, through you, I arrived with my regiment at the mount of the Monocacy Saturday, October 11, at 8 p. m., at which place the Third Maine Regiment joined me about 9 o'clock the same evening. I immediately placed two companies of my regiment at the crossing of the Frederick and Barnesville

