
timber, as there is no earth at hand. The estimate of Lieutenant Comstock, $50,000, will probably cover the works on all the heights. The works are in no way connected with the advance of this army, but they should be pushed forward at once, as it is of the utmost importance to hold this place permanently.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 23, 1862-8.30 p. m. (Received 9 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief:

I shall probably have another bridge over the Potomac to-morrow.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 23, 1862-12.15 a. m.

(Received 1.50 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief:

I send herewith a copy of dispatch just received from General Newton:

CHERRY RUN-8.30 p. m.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

The reconnaissance under Captain Duncan, Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry, with two squadrons of his regiment, amounting to 140 men, went to Hedgesville, charging their pickets at that place, taking 19 prisoners, including 3 commissioned officers, all of the Tenth Virginia Cavalry, except one, a lieutenant of the Second South Carolina Cavalry. Captain Duncan lost no men. No troops in Hedgesville, except pickets. Their troops encamped east of the mountain. I could not ascertain their number or nature. They appear to be all cavalry. Captain Duncan and his command acquitted themselves very handsomely. Several refugees, lately in from Martinsburg, report that the enemy left Martinsburg yesterday. Their destination is uncertain. Refugees think that part went to Williamsport and part to Shepherdstown.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington City, October 23, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commander-in-Chief, Headquarters of the Army:

GENERAL: I transmitted to you yesterday a report upon a letter from General McClellan of the 18th instant, which letter referred to the action, or want of proper action, of the Quartermaster's Department in clothing his army.

I now inclose a dispatch received last night from General McClellan, and dated 22nd instant,* in which he states that he never intended, in any letter or dispatch, to make any accusation against the Quartermaster's Department "for not furnishing or forwarding clothing as rapidly as it was possible for it to be done," and expresses his belief that everything has been done that could be done in this respect by the Quartermaster-General and the Quartermaster's Department.

---------------

*See Part I, p. 9.

---------------

