
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 23, 1862.

Major-General WOOL, Baltimore, Md.:

You will immediately repair to Harrisburg and consult with Governor Curtin upon the reported resistance to his draft. You will report if you have not troops enough in your department to enforce the laws.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, Md., October 23, 1862-11 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

I leave in the morning for Harrisburg. If troops should be required from Baltimore, I have only to say I have none to spare. This day I sent the One hundred and eighteenth New York Regiment, at the Relay House, to Washington. One of the men killed an engineer of the Washington train, and threats were made that other injuries might be done to passing trains. The man who murdered the engineer is in jail. I therefore deemed it best to send the regiment where it would do no harm.

JOHN E. WOOL,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Gallipolis, Ohio, October 23, 1862.

Brigadier-Generals MILROY and CROOK,

Commanding Divisions, Clarksburg, Va.:

Colonel Lightburn reports a skirmish between his advanced cavalry and the enemy's pickets at Poca to-day. Also that the enemy has returned and reoccupied the Salines and Charleston in force. These reports made the commanding general more desirous that your columns should be in readiness to move, especially on the Summerville road. What has been done in regard to your transportation and quartermaster's stores? How soon can you be in readiness to move?

By command of Major-General Cox:

G. M. BASCOM,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GALLIPOLIS, October 23, 1862.

Major N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Cincinnati:

Lightburn is at Red House, opposite Putnam Court-House. Reports three pieces of enemy's artillery in position 3 miles above him, and enemy's cavalry pretty bold. De Courcy's brigade, of Morgan's command, will reach there to-morrow. Carter's brigade reached here to-day, and will start to-morrow. I shall leave, so as to reach Lightburn in person as soon as these re-enforcements. The artillery is in bad condition for use, and the wants great in all parts of the quartermaster's department, both stores and transportation, but we shall push forward. Lightburn reports the enemy 10,000 strong at Charleston. Spears' (Tennessee)

