
brigade is being partly paid, and will be detained a day or two here. Part of General Morgan's command was almost in mutiny for lack of pay, &amp;c. The whole amount due them ought to be forwarded from Washington, with paymasters, immediately. Cannot this be accomplished?

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Gallipolis, Ohio, October 23, 1862.

Colonel J. A. J. LIGHTBURN,Commanding Division, Red House, Va.:

Your dispatch received. Colonel De Courcy's brigade, of Morgan's division, will be at Ten-Mile Creek to-night, and will move to Buffalo to-morrow. Another brigade will leave here in the morning for Ten-Mile Creek. If you place much reliance in the report of Loring being at Charleston, you will not move your main body forward, but hold it well in hand until the re-enforcements get within supporting distance of you, or until further orders. Meanwhile you will promptly repair the roads and remove the obstructions from the river, using every means to verify the information you have.

By command of Major-General Cox:

G. M. BASCOM,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GALLIPOLIS, October 23, 1862.

Colonel J. A. J. LIGHTBURN, Red House:

Your dispatch of this evening received. De Courcy's brigade, is ordered to join you by to-morrow night. They are at Ten-Mile [Creek] to-night. The rest of the troops will be hurried forward, and I shall accompany them. Till all are concentrated, you will use a sound discretion in movement, not taking any unnecessary risks, but not allowing the enemy to become impudent. Let your scouting on flanks be carefully done, gaining all information possible. Choose your camps carefully, so that you may have as strong positions as possible, where all arms may be used to best advantage. This is also specially applicable to whatever force you may keep on the south bank. If there is any lack of any kind of ammunition, see to it, so that your preparation may constantly be the best possible. Advise me promptly of every change in the condition of things.

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Cincinnati, Ohio, October 23, 1862-10 p. m.

Major General JACOB D. COX,

Gallipolis, Ohio:

Your telegram just received. I cannot believe rebels design any serious resistance, unless they have been strongly re-enforced; so you must be cautious if they make a stand, and not let them fall on your detachments. There has been great mismanagement in the Quartermaster's Department as concerns your force, but I hope it will not

