
seriously affect your results. Have requisitions made for what you want, and orders sent here here by telegraph for what Moulton cannot supply. General Morgan's command got about all the money in the department. Troop have been leaving here for the field that have never been paid, and some part of the army of McClellan is no better off. General Morgan's letter was forwarded at once to Washington with a strong appeal. All the funds have gone for bounty of new regiments. It is believed that Humphrey Marshall's force, not exceeding 3,000 probably, is making its way back to Virginia, by Pound Gap, which is the way he entered Kentucky.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Cincinnati, Ohio, October 23, [1862]-11.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief:

General Cox's advance has reached Red House, on the Kanawha, opposite Putuam Court-House. Colonel Lightburn is in command; reports three pieces of enemy's artillery, 3 miles above, in position, and that rebel froce at Charleston is 10,000 strong. General Cox is hurrying his force forward as fast as he can.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Pleasant Valley, [Md.] October 24, 1862-3.30 p. m. (Received 4.20 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Referring to your telegram of 3.30 p. m., yesterday, I understand the 20,000 re-enforcements to be made up of Heintzelman's and Sigel's corps. Am I right in this, or do you intend giving me 20,000 men in addition to those two corps? If some of Bayard's cavalry would join me by way of Leesburg, it would expedite my movements considerably. The trouble will be with the cavalry. I expect large numbers of horses early in the week. Of course, I shall not wait for a complete remount.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 167. Camp near Knoxville, Md., October 24, 1862.

I. All enlisted men of the Volunteers, wishing to transfer into the Regular Army, will record their names at the adjutant's offices of their regiments at once, or before the 5th of November, 1862. No officer of the Regular Army will in future enlist volunteer soldiers whose names are not on these lists. Lists of Volunteers wishing to enlist in the Regular Army will be forwarded daily through brigade and division headquarters to corps headquarters. Regular officers desiring to enlist soldiers from the volunteer service will hereafter apply at the corps headquarters for such lists, and will also apply at the same headquarters for

