HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON, October 24, 1862-11.30 p. m.

Major General FRANZ SIGEL,Commanding Eleventh Corps, Fairfax Court-House, and

General HEINTZELMAN:

In further reply to your telegram of 8.40, I am instructed to state as follows:

Every effort will be made to provide a sufficient force of cavalry for the front. The movement of the cavalry to which you allude is suspended for the present, at least, and we will exert ourselves to get enough cavalry to watch the enemy's movements and protect our lines. Another battery of horse artillery will be at once organized by General Heintzelman. The greatest vigilance must be observed in front to guard against any manner of surprise.

Communicate further in regard to meeting your wants in cavalry with General Heintzelman, to whom this is also sent. Please communicate freely to these headquarters all information and any suggestions you may wish to make, sending copies of all your telegrams to General Heintzelman. The commanding general approves the proposed organization of your corps, and will try to add the Third Brigade as soon as we have the troops to do it. They come slowly. Acknowledge in the morning.

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Captain, Aide-de-camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., October 24, 1862-11 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Major Ward telegraphs me that he is ordered to Kentucky. I want the cavalry for the service proposed, and, unless there is great necessity, I hope you will not countermand my authority. I assure you we need 1,000 regulars, or, in lieu, 1,000 Pennsylvania volunteers who have been in actual service. We all think that the resistance to draft is the first appearance of a conspiracy, and, unless crushed at once, cannot say how far it may extend. We know there are 5,000 men in the league in three counties, and all work is interrupted by them. I do not wish to magnify, and hope I am not alarmed. I desire to break the force of the present effort to resist the authority of the Government. With 1,000 men, who have been in actual service, with our force, we can put it down.

Please answer at once.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

WASHINGTON, October 24, 1862.

Governor CURTIN:

Your telegram of this date has been submitted to the President and General-in-Chief. The General Government will exert all the means at its command to support you. The Anderson Cavalry will be retained for your service. The regulars cannot be taken from General McClellan's army, but once or two regiments that have served through the war can be sent from here upon your requisition. General Wool has been ordered to confer with and aid you.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

