
roads, and one company about 1 mile from the river, on the road to Poolesville. Two companies of the Third Maine were placed near the mouth of the river, on the north side.

About 8 ;a. m. sunday, the 12th, General Pleasonton's cavalry, with a section of artillery, arrived, and reported that it was expected that the enemy would attempt the crossing of the river, in that vicinity. I immediately, sent Major Pitcher, with one additional company, to occupy the Poolesville road, and placed the remaining companies of the Third and Fourth Maine to guard the roads about the mouth of the Monocacy.

At 9 a. m. I heard firing on the Poolesville road, and soon learned that my pickets were engaging the enemy's cavalry. I then ordered forward two companies of the Third Maine as skirmishers on the right of the road, the two companies of the regiment under Major Pitcher being deployed on the left of the road, at the same time ordering one company of the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Regiment, stationed at the Aqueduct Bridge, to join its regiment at White's Ford.

At this time General Pleasonton made himself known to me, and assumed command, ordering four companies to support his battery. The artillery on both sides soon opened, and continued in action for about half an hour, when General Pleasonton ordered an advance of my force, together his cavalry, to be followed by the artillery. After the whole force had advanced about a quarter of a mile, the cavalry returned, and the artillery, which had moved forward but very little, opened, fire again, throwing shells, many of which fell in and about my line of skirmishers. The enemy replied with his guns. I immediately halted and sent word to the rear, acquainting General Pleasonton with the facts. The artillery firing on both sides soon ceased, and I moved forward with my infantry followed by a squadron of cavalry, to the position which had been occupied by the enemy's guns, and found the enemy rapidly retiring in the direction of White's Ford, having planted a gun about three-fourths of a mile from the road, in such position as to enfilade my line of skirmishers as they emerged from the woods. Halting my line, I sent to the general, informing him of the situation, and suggesting that the artillery be brought forward; but when General Pleasonton had arrived with artillery and cavalry, the last of the enemy had disappeared, together gun, in the direction of the river.

I understand that the delay in bringing up the re-enforcements was caused by their mistaking a force of ours, coming in the opposite direction from Poolesville, for that of the enemy (a misapprehension which was not corrected till I had sent Major Pitcher with two men to ascertain the character of the force.) I then proceeded across the field in the direction of White's Ford, followed by the artillery and cavalry. On arriving in sight of the ford, I found that the enemy had succeeded in crossing the river, and had placed guns in position on the opposite shore, from which they fired a few rounds across and then disappeared. After resting my men for half an hour, I returned to the mouth of the Monocacy, General Pleasonton having informed me that I could return to camp with my command.

My pickets captured 1 prisoner and 2 cavalry horses. Major Pitcher had his horse shot at the first which was received from the enemy, while in advance, conducting the skirmishers.

E. WALKER,

Colonel Fourth Maine Volunteers.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade, Stoneman's Division.

