
brigades of General Morgan's are on their way up. Spears' brigade is here waiting for partial pay, which is being made, and half of Carter's brigade is getting clothing and blankets. The knapsacks are said to have come without blanket straps. General Morgan is hastening everything to get forward, though part of his artillery will probably have to be left here. Expecting further news from Lightburn hourly.

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding District.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 25, 1862.

(Sent 10 a. m.)

Major-General McCLELLAN, Knoxville, Md.:

Letter by Colonel Colburn received. You do not yet say when you will be at Snickersville, or when you want the Washington troops to reach Thoroughfare Gap. Bayard's cavalry must go with the two corps of Heintzelman and Sigel. Altogether they will number about 20,000.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 25, 1862. (Received 1.45 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief:

I beg leave respectfully to renew the recommendation contained in my dispatch of the 16th instant, that I be authorized to delegate to Major-General Banks, commanding the Defenses of Washington, the power of a commander of a department or detached corps, so far as regards courtsmartial, resignation of volunteer officers, boards to examine volunteer officers, and discharges of soldiers. The proposed arrangement would, I think, be for the advantage of the public service.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 25, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

A power specially conferred by statute upon one officer can never be delegated to another. A proposition to make a new department for General Banks has been submitted, but objected to.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Pleasant Valley, October 25, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington:

GENERAL: When General Sumner asked for and obtained a leave of absence, he was very desirous of obtaining command of some department. From this age, state of health, and the many exposures he has undergone, I think that it is very doubtful whether he can stand the

