
fatigues of another campaign. His long and faithful service and the extreme gallantry he has so often displayed during this war alike entitle him to the most favorable consideration of the Government. I would regard it as an act of official justice, as well as a personal favor, if the wishes of General Summer can be complied with.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 25, 1862-9.45 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,Commanding Second, Ninth, and Twelfth Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to forward the following dispatch, to be communicated to Brigadier-General Whipple, viz:

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, October 25-6.30 p. m.

General BANKS:

Captain Koening, who has just returned from Leesburg, reports General Munford, with 1,500 men and some artillery, at or near Purcellville. The enemy is sending patrols to Waterford, Leesburg, and Middleburg. The last patrol of the rebels staid at Leesburg night before last, 70 strong. Another rebel detachment was at Waterford this morning, and left for Middleburg, about 50 to 100 strong.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

The commanding general directs you to move Whipple's division over the river early to-morrow morning, so as to occupy the ground from Lovettsville to the bridge. You will also move one division of your command down to the bridge early to-morrow morning, in readiness to support General Whipple, should it be necessary. The general desires you to hold the remainder of your corps in readiness to cross during the day. The tents of these last-mentioned troops will not be struck, however, until further orders are received from these headquarters.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 25, 1862.

(Received 12 m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The following is an extract from the report of Colonel Robert Williams, First Massachusetts Cavalry, late of Regular United States Dragoons, now commanding a detachment of cavalry on duty with General Newton's division, at Cherry Run:

I have in camp 267 horses, belonging to officers and men; of these, 128 are positively and absolutely unable to leave the camp, from the following causes, viz, sore-tongue, grease, and consequent lameness, and sore backs. For example, the Fifth U. S. Cavalry has now in camp 70 horses; of these, 53 are worthless from the above causes. Out of 139 horses, the remainder, I do not believe 50 can trot 80 miles. The other portion of my command, now absent on picket duty, has horses which are about in the same condition, as no selection, unless absolutely necessary, has been made. The number of sore-back horses is exceedingly small. The diseases are principally grease and sore-

