
McCLELLAN'S HEADQUARTERS, October 25, 1862.

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

It is true that many of the regiments deposited their knapsacks and clothing in the Peninsula, which were sent on barges and schooners to Alexandria and Washington. Regimental and brigade quartermasters were responsible for the property, to whose orders it has always been subject. My orders were positive, about the 1st of September, that all quartermaster must see to their supplies before marching again. Whenever applied to, I have given authority to send for property in store. The men doubtless are charged with all clothing issued; still, I presume that many regiments have clothing deposited in Alexandria and Washington. Close inspections, which are being made, will develop the facts. My issues of clothing have been, and must continue to be, heavy. I have never asked delay on that account, however.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 25, 1862-2 p. m.

General W. W. AVERELL,Commanding Cavalry, Saint James College:

Your dispatch of 1 a. m. to-day received. The general commanding desires you to proceed as rapidly as possible in refitting, &amp;c., and to make the proper requisitions for army clothing and equipments for the recruits, although they will not probably be available for the next service. No definite time can be fixed.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

PENNSYLVANIA EXECUTIVE CHAMBER, Harrisburg, Pa., October 25, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The riots in Schuylkill County have ceased for the present. The object of the rioters seems to have been to prevent the draft, and to this end, I understand that they forcibly obstructed persons who had been drafted and were on their way to the place of rendezvous in conformity with the notice which had been served on them.

I beg the observe that this enrollment and draft have been made under the authority of and directly by the United States. I originally suggested, therefore, that they should be conducted by officers of the United States, but that suggestion not being adopted, I have acted for the United States in superintending the enrollment and the drawing of names for the quota. The next step contemplated by the regulations is the appointment of provost-marshals to enforce the attendance of the drafted men. I have not nominated persons to fill this office, because I do not perceive that officers of that kind are necessary.

By the act of 29th of June, 1861, penalties are provided for drafted men who shall not obey the orders of the President, but there is no act authorizing them to be forcibly impressed.

