
Numbers 14. Report of Colonel thomas W. Egan, Fortieth New Volunteers, Near White's Ford, Md., October 19, 1862.

I beg leave to submit the following report of the proceedings of myself and command on Sunday, the 12th instant:

On that day my command had been scouting on the other side of the river, in support of a cavalry force) the day previous, and their change of camp from the mounts of the Monocacy.

On Sunday morning I was encamped in the woods, near Conrad's Ferry, and had received no orders whatever, nor any intimation of the nearness or approach of the enemy. Nevertheless, having heard of their at about 10 a. m. I formed my command promptly, without orders, and set out for the river at Conrad's Ferry.

At about 11 a. m. I received orders from General Stoneman, through Captain Alexander, to march my command at once to the Monocacy. I started at double-quick, and kept that pace, going along the tow-path t White's Ford and then crossed the canal, to gain the hill and command the ford. but it was too late, and the enemy were out of our reach. Immediately on receiving the news of the approach of the enemy, I dispatched a messenger to General Stoneman's headquarters for orders, but received none, and finally started without, as I have stated.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. EGAN,

Colonel Fortieth New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant W. BANKS,

Acting Assistant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 15. Report of Lieutenant Edwin R. Biles, Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETY-NINTH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp near White's Ford, Md., October 19, 1862.

SIR: I respectfully present my report of the part taken by the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers in the affair of the 12th instant.

I was ordered upon picket duty with my regiment on the morning of the 10th instant, and had my command distributed along the bank of the Potomac River, extending from near Conrad's Ferry, on the left, to some 300 yards above White's Ford, on my right a distance of about 4 miles. I had two reserves, one at White's Ford of three companies, under my own immediate command, and the other about 1 1/2 miles lower down, of one company, under command of Captain Moore, at Weedon's Ford. The balance of the regiment was posted along the river in small parties at the different picket posts, with the exception of Company A, which company I received orders to send to the mouth of the Monocacy, to relieve a company of the Fortieth New York Volunteers, on the

4 R R-VOL XIX, PT II

