
MCCLELLAN'S HEADQUARTERS, October 26, 1862-2.30 p. m.

Colonel C. G. SAWTELLE,

Quartermaster, Washington, D. C.:

General Stoneman will cross to-morrow at Edwards Ferry. His supplies must be sent by canal to that point or near by, where the boats can be unlocked into the Potomac and cross to the turnpike at Goose Creek. See that the clothing, forage, and subsistence is forwarded. Send clothing as fast as possible to our depots higher up, as will be indicated by me. Forward your supplies by the readiest and most expeditions routes.

Captain Thomas has a list of much clothing yet to be sent. Blankets, shoes, stockings, pants, tents, &amp;c., are first wanted.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 26, 1862-10.45 a. m.

(Received 12.20 p. m.)

General HERMAN HAUPT,Superintendent of Railroads:

I have the honor to request you to ascertain how far the Leesburg Railroad is practicable. I have also to request you to be ready to supply this army, via Orange and Alexandria and Manassas Gap Railroads, and to take steps at once to re-establish the wharves, &c., at Aquia, and to be prepared to rebuild the railroad bridge over the Rappahannock at Fredericksburg, and to supply that road with rolling-stock.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 26, 1862-8 p. m.

(Received 9.11 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief:

Two divisions and one brigade of cavalry have crossed the Potomac at Berlin. The cavalry has been pushed forward in advance of Lovettsville. The remaining troops occupy Lovettsville. Other troops will be pushed across as rapidly as possible.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 26, 1862-1.45 a. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Second, Ninth, and Twelfth Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that the one division of your corps (Ninth Corps), ordered to be at the pontoon bridge at Berlin early this morning, be sent over the bridge immediately after Whipple's division shall have crossed. This division, of Ninth Corps, will occupy Waterford on Monday. The other two divisions of your corps will move to Berlin in time to commence crossing the bridge at 12 m. to-day, or as soon as General Pleasonton's command shall have crossed. These two

