
divisions will occupy the point where the Purcellville road crosses the North Fork of the Catoctin. All of the troops that cross to-day will camp near Lovettsville to-night. General Pleasonton's command will move to Lovettsville, and a little in advance, to-day, and to-morrow to Purcellvile, being re-enforced by General Devens'. General Whipple will move to-morrow to Lovettsville, and to Hillsborough on Monday.

The general desires you to direct General Stoneman to cross to-morrow (Monday) morning at Edwards Ferry, or most convenient ford, and to hold Leesburg, occupying the adjacent passes over the Catoctin Mountains, as well as all the roads leading out from Leesburg. He will establish a cavalry picket of some strength at Aldie and one at Waterford, scouting out to Purcellville, and, if possible, to Snicker's Gap. He will communicate with your (Ninth) corps, on his right. Please inform him that a pontoon bridge will certainly be built at Edwards Ferry within three days, but that he need not await its completion. The general desires you to procure as much of your forage as you possibly can from the other side of the river.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

GENERAL: You will see by this order that Fenton's division will follow Whipple's over at once, instead of stopping at Berlin. Have the balance of the corps ready to move at 10 o'clock, but don't strike tents till further orders.

Yours, truly,

A. E. B.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 26, 1862-11 a. m.

General [BURNSIDE]:

In the dispatch written to you this morning, I wrote, inadvertently, "Whipple's division will proceed to Lovettsville to-morrow, and to Hillsborough Monday." It should have read, "will move to Lovettsville to-day, and to Hillsborough to-morrow." Please correct. This came from writing just after midnight. Whipple's command was to have crossed first.

Yours, truly,GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Assistant Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF HARPER'S FERRY, Pleasant Valley, Md., October 26, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Commanding Division, Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you make the following disposition of your force:

You will cross to-morrow (Monday) morning at Edwards Ferry, or most convenient ford, and to hold Leesburg, occupying the adjacent passes over the Catoctin Mountains, as well as all the passes leading

