
out from Leesburg. You will establish a cavalry picket of some strength at Aldie and one at Waterford, scouting out to Purcellville, and, if possible, to Snicker's Gap. You will communicate with the Ninth Corps, on your right. A pontoon bridge will certainly be built at Edwards Ferry within three days, but you need not await its completion.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHERRY RUN, VA., October 26, 1862-9 p. m.

(Via Cumberland, October 27-8 a. m.)

A. V. COLBURN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Having heard that the enemy had appeared at Tomahawk to-day with cavalry, and that a force was in the valley either reconnoitering or foraging, I sent out a reconnaissance of 150 men, under Captain Walsh, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, to reconnoiter and attack, if opportunity offered. The expedition returned to-night, having proceeded to Tomahawk without encountering any one, and having completely falsified the report. The nearest enemy was at Shanghai-a picket merely. Large camp-fires were observed at Martinsburg.

JOHN NEWTON,

Brigadier-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, October 27, 1862.

(Sent 12.10 p. m.)

Major-General McCLELLAN:

Yours of yesterday received. Most certainly I intend to injustice to any, and if I have done any I deeply regret it. To be told, after more than five weeks' total inaction of the army, and during which period we have sent to the army every fresh horse we possibly could, amounting in the whole to 7,918, that the cavalry horses were too much fatigued to move, presents a very cheerless, almost hopeless, prospect for the future, and it may have forced something of impatience in my dispatch. If not recruited and rested then, when could they ever be? I suppose the river is rising, and I am glad to believe you are crossing.

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 27, 1862-3 p. m.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

Your Excellency is aware of the very great reduction of numbers that has taken place in most of the old regiments of this command, and how necessary it is to fill up these skeletons before taking them again into action. I have the honor, therefore, to request that the order to fill up the old regiments with drafted men may at once be issued.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,Major-General, Commanding.

