HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 27, 1862-5 p. m.

Colonel H. F. CLARKE, Washington, D. C.:

(Care of Colonel Beckwith, Commissary of Subsistence.)

I have consulted with General McClellan regarding your dispatch of 4.10 p. m. He does not think it would be safe just at this time to send out any large amount of stores to Manassas Junction, neither would he like to expose the guard at that place until this army moves on sufficiently far to support it. Supplies for this army should follow on the railroad after the troops from Washington leave to re-enforce us. In the mean[time] everything should at once be got ready to be thrown forward at short notice.

R. B. MARCY,Chief of Staff.

CAMDEN STATION, October 27, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

I have not had the pleasure of hearing from you since my telegram of 24th instant. It is rumored that your movements have caused the enemy to fall back from the line of our road. We rely upon you to advise us when we can with propriety commence reconstruction, also for particulars of the destruction, as far as your reconnaissance enables you to give them, so that we may make requisite reparations.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

HARRISBURG, PA., October 27, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I am happy to say that for the present the necessity for use of force in Schuylkill County is over. The decision and promptness, but more the presence of Bishop Wood, who kindly went up when requested, has relieved us all. I will retain the artillery a day or two, and keep our force organized for a day or two. I am deeply indebted for your prompt and efficient support.

A. G. CURTIN.

HARRISBURG, October 27, [1862]-1.40 p. m.

(Received 2 p. m.)

ABRAHAM LINCOLN, President:

I feel it my duty to enter my protest against Orders, Numbers 154, as unjust to the people of the States, and calculated to demoralize and destroy volunteer organizations, not only because it is wrong in principle, but that in the manner in which it is being executed it must break the efficiency of the volunteer army now in the field in support of the Government. I very respectfully ask that it be revoked.*

A. G. CURTIN.

---------------

*See Halleck to McClellan, p. 516.

---------------

