HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 28,, 1862--5 p.m. (Received 6 p.m.)

ABRAHAM LINCOLN, President:

Headquarters are now at Berlin. All of Franklin's troops are over, and most of his train., General Stoneman has probably crossed at White's Ford by this time. Reynolds' corps is massed here, and will, I hope, complete his supplies of clothing to-day and early to-morrow. Franklin will move for here in the morning if nothing unusual occurs. Everything is moving as rapidly as circumstances will permit. I go to Lovettsville in a few minutes, to return to-night. We need more carbines and muskets. I shall not wait for them, but ought to be supplied at once.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 28, 1862--10 p. m.

Major-General COUCH,

Couch's Headquarters:

Your dispatch of to-day is received. The commanding general does not believe that the enemy designs attacking Harper's Ferry. Should he make such an attack, the present disposition of the troops is such the Ferry, the general directs you to make a determined resistance, and you shall be promptly and strongly re-enforced.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 28, 1862--10.30 p. m.

Major-General FRANKLIN,Hagerstown, Md.:

General Couch telegraphs that a contraband, who left the Fifth Virginia Cavalry yesterday, says that regiment is just beyond Charlestown; that on Sunday Hill's division returned, passing near Leetown, and that cavalry said that Jackson was coming with whole force to retake Harper's Ferry. Contraband is confident that infantry is back of Charles town, as he heard drums.

General Porter telegraphs that, from several sources, he has impression that General Lee is not far distant, and Stuart within an hour's reach. The same number of cavalry regiments as usual are opposite him. He communicates same intelligence as received form Maryland Heights, that enemy was moving to-day from Bunker Hill to Shannondale.

The commanding general directs you to suspend movement to Berlin till result of Ovarial's reconnaissance is known. Upon receipt of intelligence from him, communicate it to these headquarters. In the mean time the general desires you so to concentrate your command that it may serve to watch the portion of the river above that now guarded by Porter's corps, and at same time be in position to be thrown promptly toward Williamsport or Berlin, as circumstances may require.

The general intends leaving Kenly, Campbell, Voss, and Davis to guard Upper Potomac. He desires you to state the points at which

