
Since the 8th of September. I have shipped for use of the army to Harper's Ferry, Hagerstown, and Frederick 66,400 pairs bootees,

of the following sizes, viz: 1,644 pairs fives, 3,528 pairs sixes,

12,612 pairs sevens, 27,480 pairs eights, 17, 416 pairs nines,

2,976 pairs tens, 744 pairs elevens; 37,200 pairs were sent in boxes of 100 each, put up agreeably to the tariff of sizes now used in the army; the balance (29,200) were sent in boxes containing from fives to nines, inclusive.

My experience in issuing boots and bootees to the army in the East has caused me to believe that in the present tariff of sizes now in vogue there are too many large sizes. I would respectfully recommend the adoption of the following tariff to every 100 pairs of bootees and boots, as being better suited for the whole army: 5 pairs of number fives, 8 pairs of number sixes, 30 pairs of number sevens, 40 pairs of numbers eights, 12 pairs of number nines, 4 pairs of number tens, 1 pair of number elevens.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL G. THOMAS,

Captain and Military Storekeeper, U. S. Army.

[Indorsements.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, November 7, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant Colonel G. H. Crosman, deputy quartermaster-general, Philadelphia, for his views on the subject.

By order:

ALEX. J. PERRY,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Quartermaster.

NOVEMBER 9, 1862.

Respectfully returned to the Quartermaster-General. The tariff of sizes for boots and bootees has been in operation for twenty years, with slight variations, but I have discovered that it does not suit the men of the West and those of the East equally well. In the western departments larger sizes are needed than in the East.

The men are generally larger and have larger feet in the West. A change in the proportion of sizes will, therefore, be necessary, so that each section may be accommodated. This has already been done to some extent, but will now be still further changed, so as to conform very nearly to the proportions recommended by the military storekeeper at Washington, who has had the opportunity of verifying it.

G. H. CROSMAN,

Deputy Quartermaster-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 29, 1862-12.30 a. m.

Major General FITZ JOHN PORTER, Porter's Headquarters:

The intelligence communicated by you that a portion of the enemy moved yesterday from Bunker Hill to Shannondale was also received at these headquarters, by signals, from Maryland Heights. The commanding general desires to know from what source you received it, and

