
be able to designate the lower point to which the two cavalry regiments now on the Upper Potomac shall extend their line, so as to equalize the duty of the four regiments. Please instruct him to send orders to the senior officer accordingly.

Colonel Campbell will be placed under General Kelley, and orders will be sent from here to that effect. General Averell will be ordered this morning to march to this place with all his available cavalry horses.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 29, 1862-5 p. m.

Major General WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN, Hagerstown, Md.:

Your dispatches of 11 a. m. and 2 p. m. just received. The commanding general is greatly surprised to learn that General Averell, after receiving the order to make the reconnaissance about 7 o'clock last evening, should not have a man or horse on the other side of the river at 2 p. m., the date of your last dispatch to-day. The entire army is waiting for the information to be gained from this reconnaissance, and it is not seen how this extraordinary delay on the part of General Averell can be accounted for. Please send a positive order to him, if he is still on this side of the river, to march at once to Williamsport, and not to take his men into camp until he completes the service ordered.

R. B. MARCY,Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP, October 29, 1862-3.50 p. m.

Colonel A. BECKWITH,

Commissary of Subsistence, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

Send no more stores in this direction at present, unless they are specially called for. Berlin and Harper's Ferry will be supplied from Frederick City. Have the arrangements in the other direction completed. Captain Granger will report to Colonel Bell as soon as he can be spared from here. Please have plenty of beef cattle in hand to be sent forward on very short notice.

H. F. CLARKE,

Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Commissary of Subsistence.
HEADQUARTERS MARYLAND BRIGADE, Williamsport, October 29, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel OLIVER D. GREENE,Asst. Adjt. General, and Chief of Staff, Sixth Army Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to circular order of yesterday, I have got my brigade in readiness to march. Unfortunately, though proper requisition has been made, there is not a single ambulance in the brigade for transportation of the sick.

I have also the honor to report that my supply of ammunition is deficient, and as yet I have not been able to have the requisition filled.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. KENLY,

Brigadier General Maryland Brigade, Commanding at Williamsport, Md.

