
V. Provost-marshals on railroad lines and elsewhere will arrest and send to the provost-marshal guard at these headquarters all soldiers professing to be discharged from hospitals and seeking their regiments, or not traveling under the charge of an officer, or who are not provided with proper passes. No pass to go from the front to the rear of the army is sufficient unless approved at these headquarters.

VI. The commanding general of the military defenses of Washington will present suitable details to these headquarters for the proper conduct of the camp of convalescents, recruits, stragglers, and exchanged prisoners near Alexandria, that such details may be announced in orders. Care will be exercised that these details do not press unequally upon the various regiments.

VII. All stragglers working on the defenses of Harper's Ferry will be sent to their regiments forthwith, under the direction of the provost-marshal-general's department. If any of the delinquents are detected again in straggling, they will be put at special hard labor for three months.

VIII. Attention is directed to the frequent orders heretofore issued at these headquarters concerning the fast driving and riding of the public teams and animals. Provost-marshals will arrest all soldiers offending in this respect.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 303. Camp near Berlin, October 29, 1862.

* * * * * * *

II. Brigadier General Alfred Sully, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned temporarily to the command of the First Brigade, Sedgwick's division, Second Corps, and will report accordingly, without delay.

* * * * * * *

XIV. So much of Paragraph XVII, of Special Orders, Numbers 287, of October 20, as assigns Stoneman's division to the Ninth Corps, is revoked, and that division will be reported to Major-General Burnside for special service.

XV. Whipple's division is temporarily detached from the Twelfth

Corps, and will be reported to Major-General Burnside for special service.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Bowling's Farm, October 29, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The brigade of Colonel Lightburn's division, which is commanded by Colonel Toland, is ordered forward immediately to Tyler's Creek. The battery attached to it is ordered to cross the river with Colonel Siber's brigade. You will, therefore, order the battery now with

