
Colonel De Courcy's brigade to accompany Colonel Lightburn's brigade ap the river. Colonel De Courcy will join Colonel Lightburn to-morrow at Tyler's Creek, when the battery can be returned to him.

By command of Major-General Cox:

G. M. BASCOM,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,October 29, 1862-7.30 p. m.

Colonel E. SIBER, Commanding Brigade:

SIR: You will move forward with your command to Charleston tomorrow, beginning the march at 6 a. m. You will endeavor to keep as near as possible abreast of the command which moves from the mouth of Tyler's Creek to-morrow morning at the same time you march. It is very probable that the enemy have left Charleston, but you will move with proper caution.

By command of Major-General Cox:

G. M. BASCOM,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 30, 1862-9.30 p. m.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,President of the United States, and

His Excellency ANDREW G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania:

I am about leaving this line, and leave behind me all the troops I can safely spare to hold Harper's Ferry and the line of the Upper Potomac, but I do not consider the force sufficient to prevent raids, and have so represented to General Halleck, who informs me that he has no more troops to send. I heave General Morell at Hagerstown, in command from mouth of Antietam up to Cumberland. I urge that you expedite as much as possible the organization of the nine-months' drafted men, that some of them may be sent, with the least possible delay, to Chambersburg, Hagerstown, Sharpsburg, Williamsport, and Hancock, to prevent the possibility of raids. If I could have filled the old Pennsylvania regiments with the drafted men, I could have left men enough to have made your frontier reasonably safe; as sit is, I cannot do it with due regard to the success of the main army, and beg to warn you in time. Without reference to the safety of the frontier, I wish to urge again in the strongest terms the absolute necessity of filling the old regiments with drafted men.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 30, 1862-10 p. m. (Received 10.40 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

In a dispatch of General Peck to General Dix to-day, it is stated that Longstreet has arrived at Petersburg. A Major Fairfax, who was cap-

