
tured to-day near Aldie, says he is aide-de-camp to General Longstreet, and that he left him day before yesterday not very far from Aldie. General Peck's information cannot be correct.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 30, 1862-10 a. m.

Major-General PORTER,Porter's Headquarters:

The commanding [general] directs you to march your command to-day toward Harper's Ferry, being careful to proceed by such back reads as will effectually conceal you movement from the enemy. Should the brigade of Slocum's corps have not arrived at Sharpsburg, you will leave one brigade of your command to watch the river in front of that town, with instructions to join you immediately upon being relieved by the brigade now under orders for this service. Please report in person at these headquarters before your command reaches Harper's Ferry.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, October 30, 1862-11.20 a. m.

General MARCY,Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Dispatch of 10 a. m. received. Shell be in motion to-day, avoiding the river road, and moving by your old headquarters, except, probably, the troops of Morell's division, which I may send by river roar. Have you decided in regard to assignment of Morell?

There is but one road direct to Harper's Ferry; the one I have to take, to carry out your instructions, is much longer.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, October 30, 1862-11.30 a. m.

General MARCY,Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

General Gordon has arrived. He will require artillery, and I recommend that a battery of six guns (rifled) be sent to him. On withdrawing guns from the crest to-day, the enemy, very watchful, appeared in small clusters, and messengers immediately sent to the rear.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Berlin, Md., October 30, 1862-9 a. m.

General WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN,

Commanding Sixth Army Corps, Hagerstown, Md.:

The commanding general directs that you march your corps to this place at once, by some road leading back of the road that will be taken

