
by General Porter, who marches to Harper's Ferry to-day. If General Kenly has not made the dispositions for posting his men, you will leave a brigade, to occupy the positions till relieved by his men, when the brigade will follow you.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

P. S.-Please direct General Averell to remain until to-morrow morning before be marches down. It was reported yesterday that the rebels were burning a brigade (railroad) across Back Creek,l and that 1,200 cavalry were at Hedgesville. If General Averell sees a good opportunity to attack this force, he is authorized to do so to-day.

HAGERSTOWN, October 30, 1862-3. p. m.

General PORTER:

I am ordered to move at once, but the orders arrived at 1 p. m. The divisions are too far off to get until to-morrow morning. Nothing new. I hear that you move to-day. Will you occupy the Crampton's Gap road more than one day? Do your horses suffer from hoof disease and black tongue? Mine are awful.

W. LB. FRANKLIN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 30, 1862-4 p. m.

Major-General PORTER, Sharpsburg:

General Morell has been relieved from command of his division, to take charge of defenses of Upper Potomac, and General Butterfield has been assigned to the position thus vacated.

R. B. MARCY,Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 30, 1862-7 p. m.

General D. N. COUCH, Harper's Ferry:

What progress has been made in getting off the remaining divisions of your corps? General Porter's corps will arrive at Harper's Ferry in the morning, and will take the same road you do. It is of the greatest importance that you should keep with your command, until the army marches, all the rations you can carry, as we will have a long march before we can renew supplies. Reynolds has ten days'.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 30, 1862-7 p. m.

General WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN, Hagerstown, Md.:

Please report the time of the departure of your command for Berlin. Two divisions of General Porter encamp near Brownsville to-night, and will cross at Harper's Ferry in the morning.

R. B. MARCY,Chief of Staff.

