HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Charleston, Va., October 30, 1862.

Major N. H. McLEAN,Assistant Adjutant-General, Cincinnati, Ohio:

The enemy retreated precipitately on our advancing on this place. My advanced guard arrived at Elk River last night; it is now some 10 miles above here. The enemy retreated up Lee's Creek, on the Boonetown road. The telegraph will be working to this point in the morning.

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 31, 1862-10 a. m. (Received 12.30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief:

I had made arrangements for the defense of the river in the vicinity of Williamsport, by leaving General Kenly's brigade of Maryland troops, with a regiment of cavalry. This was too small a force for properly guarding that portion of river, but it was all I could spare from this army. I learned yesterday that General Kenly has just received an order from you to detach one of his infantry regiments, to report to Governor Bradford.* In view of the weakness of his command, I hope some other regiment may be substituted for this to report to Governor Bradford.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General,l Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 31, 1862-2 p. m.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

No order since that of the 8th instant has been given to General Kenly, and a copy of that order was sent to you the same day. The order was given by direction of the Secretary of War, at the particular request of Governor Bradford, and cannot now be changed.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 31, 1862. (Received 11.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief:

Your order of the 8th instant to General Kenly did not reach him until yesterday. The first copy which reached here was a copy send to me for information, the original of which was addressed to General Kenly, at Frederick. General Kenly was not at Frederick. A copy of this letter was sent at the time to Williamsport. Upon receipt of your letter by Colonel Kelton, of the 20th, inclosing another copy, a copy again was sent to Williamsport to General Kenly. Thus the original and two copies were sent him, all by the mail, and all have failed

---------------

*See p. 406.

---------------

