
to reach, so far. On the 30th I telegraphed the order, finding, from previous telegraphic communications, that General Kenly evidently could not have received it. This telegram he received. The Purnell Legion is not with General Kenly. He has five regiments of Maryland Infantry. I have already informed you that the safety of the line intrusted to General Kenly will not justify any detachment from his command, already too weak. If after these representations, which I conceive it my duty to make, you repeat the order and assume the responsibility, it will, of courses, be at once obeyed.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 31, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

The Secretary of War directs me to say, in reply to your telegram to General Thomas of the 29th, that Orders, No. 154, was issued on your recommendation, and that you are now authorized, if you deem best, to revoke all enlistments from the volunteer artillery under your command, and to return them to their batteries.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 31, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

General Heintzelman has just shown me your dispatch to send three good regiments to you by railroad. No troops will, under existing circumstances, be sent north of the Potomac River. As already stated to you, troops for the defense of Washington and Alexandria can be sent whenever you want them on the line of Thoroughfare Gap.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 31, 1862-7 p. m. (Received 12 p. m.)

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

Two contrabands, who came into Harper's Ferry yesterday, report that Jackson's and Longstreet's force were, the day previous, encamped between Charlestown and Berryville. Two deserters from the Second North Carolina Volunteers, one an assistant surgeon, came into our lines at different places yesterday. They report D. H. Hill's division, to which they belonged, as near Berryville on Tuesday. Their statements agree in every particular. Porter's corps is now arriving, and will at once be thrown across the river. Franklin's corps will be here to-morrow, and will cross the river at Berlin. Some detention is caused by the necessity of taking in at the depots supplies for the long march we have before us, but every branch of this army is constantly occupied in getting ready for the advance. Notwithstanding all the exertions I have made for procuring cavalry and artillery horses, I am still very deficient. I have officers out in different directions purchasing horses, and they

