
are coming in daily, but not so rapidly as I could wish. The diseases among the horses have rendered very many of them unserviceable for a time.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

HARPER'S FERRY, October 31, 1862-11.45 a. m.

General BANKS or

General HEINTZELMAN:

SIR: We have been up to Berryville. There is a general movement of troops-some going on the Front Royal road, others coming down toward Castleman's Ferry and Shannondale Springs. General Jackson is at Berryville. There is a small body of troops at Charlestown. We could not learn positively what troops were on the Front Royal road. Shall we go back toward Berryville and Front Royal, or return to Washington and make full report? We wait an answer at telegraph office.

Yours, truly,

RICHMOND and WHITELOCK,

Scouts.

(Repeated to McClellan, 1.45 p.m.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 31, 1862-6 p. m. (Received 8.30 p. m.)

Major-General HEINTZELMAN:

The commanding general directs that you move your corps to-morrow morning toward Thoroughfare Gap, and that you direct General Sigel to march his corps for the same point on the morning of the 2nd of November. You will please report whether your troops move by rail or otherwise, and the general desires you to report the positions of your troops from day to day. He will give you the positions of this army whenever it is practicable. This army will advance to-morrow-one wing as far as Russellville [Purcellville], and the other wing opposite Wood Grove. The general commanding desires you to leave a sufficient guard at Manassas Junction, to protect the reads at that point and the supplies which may be sent there.

R. B. MARCY,Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 31, 1862. (Received 11 p. m.)

General HEINTZELMAN:

Information has just been received from General Stoneman, at Leesburg, that his pickets at Mountville had been attacked by a large force of rebel cavalry. Some were taken, and the rest retreated toward Aldie. The enemy pursued with part of their force, and the remainder remained in line at Mountville. An officer who saw them estimates their force at 1,500 or 2,000. No artillery.

