
to this place. Lightburn is above Camp Piatt. You may leave a regiment or more if you think necessary at Summerville, and carry the rest to Gauley. Keep the hired teams till we are able to supply Government transportation. The rumor of your approach is said to have hurried tho rebels off, on the Raleigh read.

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Charleston, Va., October 31, 1862-8.30 p. m.

Colonel J. A. LIGHTBURN, Commanding Division:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of this p. m., announcing your advance from Camp Piatt, &amp;c. The movement is approved by the general commanding, and you can go on with speed to Gauley, as stated in previous dispatch to-day, if you keep yourself in supplies.

By command of Major-General Cox:

G. M. BASCOM,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington City, October 31, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. INGALLS,

Chief Q. M. and Aide-de-Camp, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: Your communication of the 26th instant, relative to procuring and issuing with promptness supplies for the Army of the Potomac, and inclosing list of clothing received, issued, and on hand, &c., and a copy of General Orders, No. 167, Headquarters Army of the Potomac, is received.

Your report is very satisfactory. General McClellan has, himself, in a dispatch to the Quartermaster-General, acknowledged the promptness of the Department.

In regard to the issue of horses, the Quartermaster-General is assured that, excepting a thousand, issued on his order to General Banks, they had been issued only on orders signed as by order of General McClellan, by staff officers authorized thus to sign for him. The total issues have been made known to the general, and he will probably be able to prevent any diversion by such orders in future.

In regard to an expression in your letter, desiring not to be drawn into any controversy, the Quartermaster-General would regard it as a great misfortune, if not a great crime, to have any controversy grow up between it, or its officers, and the generals commanding armies. It is its duty to assist them, by every means under its control, in making and keeping their commands efficient. The Quartermaster-General desires to accomplish this, and will not allow any controversy to arise. All the late correspondence on this subject has been with the intention and desire to get facts necessary for the efficient support and assistance of the general commanding, and to remove any defects or difficulties in the way of prompt and sufficient supply of all that this army needs, and though once of General McClellan's letters bore rather hardly upon the Department, his telegram of later date relieved it from all accusation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

