
led by Major Falls and Captain Sawyer, drove them from the town, and pursed them for 2 miles, when, reaching their reserves, our troops were forced back. Colonel Karge, however, held the hill beyond the town with the cavalry of his brigade and two pieces of artillery. The enemy opened also with two pieces of artillery, and an artillery duel ensued for a short time, when I withdrew 2 miles from the town to a commanding hill. This I did on account of my being so far in advance of any supports, and so that I would be behind the roads leading from Hay Market, Gainesville, Centreville, and White Plains, by which roads my left flank was exposed, and which I have been compelled to strongly picket. My men held the town for an hour after the skirmish, when I concluded to return to camp. I regret to say that Captain Sawyer badly wounded, and I left about 8 men on the field, as I was unable to bring them away. The major of the Rhode Island cavalry reports the loss of a captain and most of his pickets.

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON, November 1, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded, for the information of Major-General McClellan, commanding Army of the Potomac.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,Major-General, Commanding.

NOVEMBER 1, [1862.]

Major-General SIGEL,

Commanding Eleventh Corps, Fairfax Court-House:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you move your command on Thoroughfare Gap on the morning of the 2nd of November. He further directs that you leave a sufficient force at Manassas Junction, Centreville, Fairfax, and along the railroad, to secure the road and supply train; also that you send a force in the direction	 of Warrenton to guard against an advance of the enemy from that direction. General Sickles has been directed to relieve the guards at Manassas Junction as soon as his troops reach those points, and to order them to rejoin your command.

You will report the position of your troops from day to day to Major-General McClellan and to these headquarters.

CHAUNCEY McKEEVER.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, November 1, 1862. (Received 7 p. m.)

General HEINTZELMAN:

Have ordered the Eleventh Corps to be ready to march at 8 o'clock a. m. Shall rest for the night at Bull Run Bridge, and take position the next day as follows: General Schurz's division at Thoroughfare Gap, General Steinwehr's division between Carter's Switch and Hay Market, Colonel McLean's brigade at Gainesville, Colonel Von Gilsa's brigade at Manassas Junction, leaving one regiment at Fairfax Station, one at Fairfax Court-House, and one at Centreville, with small cavalry detachments each; also leaving a cavalry force at Chantilly, of about 100 men,

