
finds Snicker's Gap in possession of the enemy, he will carry it,l and he will call upon you for assistance, if required, when you are authorized to assume command, if you feel disposed. Should Couch meet with no detention at Snicker's Gap, he will throw one division forward to the vicinity of Upperville, encamping the remainder of his corps in rear, and as near as he can conveniently march. You will please throw forward at least one division of your corps to the vicinity of Snickersville, and hold the intersection of the Leesburg and Aldie roads, debouching from Snicker's Gap. Burnside will occupy Bloomfield, Union, and Philomont to-morrow. Reynolds will have one division at Middleburg, and the remainder of his corps on Burnside's left, between the two roads which run from Ashby's and Snicker's Gaps. Pleasonton will occupy the Manassas Gap Railroad, near Springfield, with pickets will out.

R. B. L MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

P. S.-General Couch has ben instructed to leave a regiment or more

at Snicker's Gap until you reach there, when you will please relieve this regiment, and direct it to go forward and join its corps. It is uncertain where headquarters will be to-morrow night.

Very respectfully,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

P. S.-The remaining division of your corps will probably be at Wheatland to-morrow night.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, November 1, 1862-7.30 p. m.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN:

Should the troops which left Washington or Alexandria this morning not get far enough on the road to-night to be within supporting distance of Sigel's troops, Sigel should not march until all can move, so as to be within supporting distance of each other. The advance of my right wing will be to-morrow near Upperville, and the left wing at Middleburg, with the cavalry near Springfield, on the Manassas Gap Railroad. Please inform me where the troops which left on the Little River turnpike will encamp to-night, and give me this information daily, as it is highly important that I should know.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE

No. 323. Washington, November 1, 1862.

* * * * * * *

XII. Brigadier General J. H. Martindale, U. S. Volunteers, is, at his own request, relieved from duty in the Fifth Army Corps, under command of Major General Fitz John Porter, and will report to the General-in-Chief for orders.

By command of the Secretary of WAR:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

