SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 307 Camp near Berlin, November 1, 1862.

* * * * * * *

XVI. Brigadier D. B. Birney, on returning from detached service, will resume command of his brigade, relieving Brigadier General J. H. H. Ward, who, upon being so relieved, will report at these headquarters for orders.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, November 1, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

These is clothing, but no arms that I know of. I cannot answer as to drafted men filling old regiments until I return from Washington. I go to-morrow night.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

EXECUTIVE CHAMBER, Harrisburg, Pa., November 1, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

SIR: I have received by mail a copy of your telegraphic dispatch, dated at Berlin, on the 30th October last. The dispatch itself I have not received.

It appears to me that your views in regard to the positions in which forces should be assembled to protect our frontier are correct. At the same time I must observe that the large military force which has been raised in this State is under the command of the authorities of the United States, who, no doubt, on your representations to them, will direct the proper dispositions to be made, unless, indeed, you have yourself the power to make them. On behalf of this loyal commonwealth, which has so liberally and faithfully fulfilled all her duties, I have the right to, and I do, demand that her frontier shall be properly protected. How this shall be done must necessarily be left to the judgment of the military officers in command, and of the authorities of the United States, who alone have the right to direct them.

I sent to the Secretary of War and to General Halleck copies of your dispatch and of this reply.

Very respectfully, your, &amp;c.,

A. G. CURTIN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, November 1, 1862-10.45 a. m.

JOHN W. GARRETT,President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, Baltimore:

Your telegram of yesterday is received. I leave a sufficient force at Harper's Ferry for the protection of the bridge. You can rest assured that, as long as I retain military control of this section, ample protection will be afforded you at this point. I think the prospects of permanent military protection will justify you in the erection of an iron span as part of the bridge at Harper's Ferry.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

