
CUMBERLAND, MD., November 1, 1862.

General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff:

I sent down timber and workmen this morning to rebuild Back Creek Bridge; sent with them one gun, and directed Colonel Campbell to furnish an infantry force to protect them. May I respectfully ask that you advise General Morell, and direct him to strengthen his pickets on the Maryland side, opposite Back Creek and North Mountain Cut? Your telegram of yesterday received. Lieutenant-Colonel Quirk's expedition after Stuart's cavalry, in Hardy County, was a perfect success.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, November 1, 1862.

General KELLEY, Commanding at Cumberland:

General G. W. Morell has been assigned to the command of the defenses of the Upper Potomac, headquarters at Hagerstown, Md. Your command is placed under his orders. Send here at once a report by telegraph of what regiments you have, their strength; what cavalry and artillery, and their strength. Send a copy of the telegram to General Morell to-night by telegraph. He will arrive at Hagerstown to-night to assume command.

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Repeated to General Kenly, at Williamsport.)

CUMBERLAND, November 1, 1862.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS:

The troops on the railroad east of Cumberland, assigned to me temporarily by the general commanding, have commanding, have never reported to me. I can state, however, that they comprise the First New York Cavalry, Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, on line of road between here and Back Creek. I have at this place the Second Regiment Potomac Home Brigade, about 850 strong; One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry, 900; Maulsby's battery (six guns), and one company of cavalry. At New Creek, the Twenty-third Illinois, 735; One hundred and sixth New York, 975; Fifteenth Virginia Infantry, 700; Rourke's battery (six guns), and four companies of cavalry. The Railroad District, to the command [of which] I was assigned, embraces the country between Cumberland, Md., and the Ohio River. [Do] I understand that I [am] to report all the troops within this district, or, if not all, what portion will I report to General Morell?

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Charleston, November 1, 1862.

Major N. H. McLEAN,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Ohio, Cincinnati:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I reached this place, with my advance guard, on the evening of the 29th ultimo. The enemy had made

34 R R-VOL XIX, PT II

