
pieces of artillery, of all calibers, one being a 22-pounder howitzer, several being very light guns, of not over one or two pounds caliber, and the remainder 10-pounder rifled and 6-pounder smooth field pieces. Some information obtained by me here leads me to doubt whether the infantry force exceeded 3,500 men, in ten battalions, of which only six were called regiments, and numbered

some 400 each, and four, called battalions, numbered from 200 to 250 each. There is no doubt that they uniformly claimed to have more than double this number; but, without feeling quite sure, I incline to the belief that the last estimate above given is nearest the true one. They unquestionably had a disproportionately large number of pieces of artillery.

The country between the Kanawha and Sandy Rivers is much disturbed by guerrilla bands, which find a retreat in the mountain fastness of that country, and I am devoting immediate attention to their extirpation, whilst the advance division is moving to Gauley Bridge.

I hope, in a very few days, to submit to the general commanding a statement of the condition of the country more full and satisfactory, on which be will be able to judge whether an active campaign beyond Gauley Bridge will be feasible.

Meanwhile I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF OHIO, Lexington, November 1, 1862.

Major General JACOB D. COX:

Your dispatches of the 30th and 31st received. You must move with all possible rapidity, or your campaign will be a failure. Can anything be done to aid you toward getting sufficient transportation, and can you spare Morgan's command, or even the Tennessee troops? I think you may as soon as you form junction with Crook.

H. G. WRIGHT,Major-General, Commanding.

[NOVEMBER 1, 1862.-For Halleck to Wright, see Series I, Vol. XX, Part II,l p.4]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, November 2, 1862-9 a. m. (Received 10.15 a. m.)

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

The last division of this army is now crossing the river. Firing is now going on in the direction of Ashby's Gap. It is reported by Union farmers in Virginia that Jackson, with his whole corps, is now on the east side of the Shenandoah, in the vicinity of Snicker's Gap. I move headquarters this morning to Wheatland. The entire army will advance rapidly to-day, and, if possible, the cavalry advance to-night will be near Springfield, on the Manassas Gap Railroad.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,Major-General.

