
now in that region will probably be sufficient, and unless the condition of affairs in Eastern Kentucky imperatively requires your whole force, you will station part of your command as indicated above.

The force in Logan is reported here as rather less than a thousand, and it is doubtful whether it will remain on the Virginia side of Sandy River after learning of the retreat of Echols, as it is from that force that a good deal of the mischief is done along the common border of the two States. I hope you will endeavor to devise some plan by which you may destroy them or drive them beyond the mountains. As soon as a portion of the force now following Echols can be detached, I shall endeavor to reach Floyd from the Upper Kanawha also. I would like to have a full report from you of the condition of affairs in Eastern Kentucky, so that I may be able to judge how far your force can be available in any other direction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, VA., November 2, 1862.

Major N. H. McLEAN, Cincinnati, Ohio:

The commanding general's dispatch of yesterday received. Everything is being pushed as fast as the condition of the reads will permit. Bridges and ferries are destroyed, roads obstructed, store-houses, and buildings which could be used as such, are burned. With our present means of transportation, we can supply Crook and Lightburn, in vicinity of Gauley Bridge. It is impossible to do more. Spears' brigade, of Tennesseeans, is at Gallipolis. I have not brought it up because I could not feed them, without a rise in the river. All the Tennesseeans can be spared, and as soon as Crook joins Lightburn at Gauley the remainder of Morgan's command will not be needed for the repossession and quieting of the country as far as Flat Top range. Some irregular forces in vicinity of Logan Court-House and Sandy River have to be looked after. Will report fully on the subject of transportation by mail. River falling again.

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Charleston, November 2, 1862.

Major N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department Headquarters:

SIR: In addition to my telegraphic dispatch of this morning, I have the honor to lay before the commanding general the following statement of the condition and needs of this district in regard to transportation:

Immediately after my arrival at Gallipolis, my quartermaster, Captain Fitch, made examination of the condition of the transportation in the hands of the different quartermasters, and, after obtaining from Colonel Swords the promises of 100 wagons, to be forwarded from Cincinnati, and the authority to contract for 100 to be built at Wheeling, reported to Colonel S[words] (October 18) that 200 more wagons and 2,000 mules would be needed to supply the immediate necessities of this district. The wagons first mentioned as being sent from Cincinnati have not as yet reached this command. The utmost that could be dona at Wheel-

