
The foregoing statement of the condition of this district will, I trust, give the general commanding the means of determining the course he may wish pursued, and the extent to which he may decide to push the present campaign. Every exertion is being used to get stores forward to Gauley Bridge, as the river is falling, and there is danger that it may remain very low till it freezes, in which event we shall be dependent upon land transportation through the whole length of the valley.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Charleston, November 2, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCAMMON:

SIR: You will find your division at and in the vicinity of Gauley Bridge. It is my purpose to occupy Fayette and Raleigh as soon as supplies can be insured, and you will give immediate attention to this most economical organization of the transportation within the division, so that as much as possible may be done without external help.

I wish also a careful examination made of the Loop and Paint Creek roads, and a report made as to the tenability of Fayette as a position, in view of the late retreat from that place. In this report you will give attention to the reads by which the position was actually turned, and examine what other position, if any, affords better facilities for covering the post at Gauley Bridge on that side.

If the principal body of the division is not able to move forward, you will employ smaller parties, with great vigor, in scouring the country toward Raleigh, opening communication with every reliable Union citizen who may have remained in that direction, and punishing and destroying any guerrilla parties which may infest the country. Report also the condition of buildings, &amp;c., at Gauley Bridge and Kanawha Falls; what facilities for strong quartermaster's and commissary stores, or for procuring the material to erect now store-house and build ferry-boats.

The arrival of General Crook's command will somewhat change the condition of affairs there shortly, when new orders as to positions and movements may be given. Until then, the foregoing will, perhaps, be sufficient to employ the time profitably and prepare for subsequent duties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Bloomfield, [VA.,] November 3, 1862-9 p. m. (Received Washington, D. C., November 4, 10 a. m.)

General H. W. HALLECK:

I have the honor to transmit, for your information, the accompanying dispatch, which has been received from Poolesville:

POOLESVILLE, November 3.

General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Last evening and this morning I learned the following information from different reliable persons. They report a force of Stuart's cavalry concealed in a large woods,

