
The enemy's loss is not known, but Pelham's one gun compelled the enemy's battery to change it position three times. The remainder of the march was destitute of interest. The conduct of the command and their behavior toward the inhabitants is worthy of the highest praise; a few individual cases only were exceptions in this particular.

Brigadier-General Hampton and Colonels Lee, Jones, Wickham, and Butler, and the officers and men under their command, are entitled to my lasting gratitude for their coolness in danger and cheerful obedience to orders. Unoffending persons were treated with civility, and the inhabitants were generous in proffers of provisions on the march. We seized and brought over a large number of horses, the property of citizens of the United States. The valuable information obtained in this reconnaissance as to the distribution of the enemy's force communicated orally to the commanding general, and need not be here repeated. A number of public functionaries and prominent citizens were taken captives and brought over as hostages for our own unoffending citizens, whom the enemy has form from their homes and confined in dungeons in the North. One or two of my men lost their way, and are probably in the hands of the enemy.

The results of this expedition, in a moral and political point of view, can hardly be estimated, and the consternation among property holders in Pennsylvania beggars description.

I am specially indebted to Captain B. S. White (C. S. Cavalry) and to Messrs. Hugh Logan and Harbaugh, whose skillful guidance was of immense service to me. My staff are entitled to my thanks for untiring energy in the discharge of their duties.

I inclose a map To appear in Atlas of the expedition, drawn by Captain William W. Blackford, to accompany this report: also a copy of orders enforced during the march.

Believing that the hand of God was clearly manifested in the signal deliverance of my command from danger, and the crowning success attending it, I ascribe to Him the praise, the honor, and the glory.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General, Commanding Cavalry.

Colonel R. H. Chilton,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army Northern Virginia.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,October 18, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: In forwarding the report of Major-General Stuart of his expedition into Pennsylvania, I take occasion to express to the Department my sense of the boldness, judgment, and prudence he displayed in its execution, and cordially join with him in his commendation of the conduct and endurance of the brave men he commanded. To his skill and their fortitude, under the guidance of an overruling Providence, is their success due.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

