
the enemy's fires appears the same as last night; fires could be seen all night; about 11 o'clock a few were brighter than before, as if baking camp, but I think it was caused by the wind. There is one camp, about 5 miles in our immediate front; the smoke of the camp-fires coming out of or near the edge of woods, makes it difficult to judge the force; the smoke comes from five pieces of woods. About 4 miles beyond, and more to our left, more smoke can be seen, but does not appear so large a camp. No other smoke can be seen in the valley. The west side of the mountain is covered with the woods, so we can see but little way down the hill. Our outer posts are about 500 yards down the mountain. Will notify you of every important movement of the enemy that can be seen, and if they come upon us, will do our best to drive them back.

F. CONNER.

NOVEMBER 3, 1862-1 p. m.

General McCLELLAN, near Snickersville:

GENERAL: I am now 5 miles from Snickersville and 5 miles from Ashby's Gap. Here is a mill, close by the mountain, from which a road runs up over the hills. Jackson's messengers have been in the habit of passing over with dispatches from Bloomfield, &amp;c. I shall station a regiment here, until the rear of my wagon-train has passed. Nothing seen of the enemy. The inhabitants report that Jackson's troops were moving on Friday last, and, it was supposed, south. This road is a very poor and insignificant one. The farm is called the "Trap." The negroes in the vicinity say that Jackson is till on the other side of the mountain.

Very respectfully,

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Snicker's Gap, November 3, 1862-11 a. m.

General PORTER:

GENERAL: I inclose a note from General Tyler.* Various officers of my command report a large body of the enemy (Lovell says 4,000) having come from the direction of Berryville, and filed behind some sand-hills near the river. The column seen by Montieth and myself was artillery, which has since come into position, and can be seen. It looks as if they were taking a defensive position. The high wooded hill this side the river cuts of our view, and we cannot tell precisely whether they have crossed the river or not. I will send the cavalry out and see what is in the woods this side of the river.

Yours, respectfully,GEO. SYKES.

MANASSAS JUNCTION, November 3, 1862-8 a. m.

Colonel CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, and

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

I have the honor to report that I have relieved General Sigel's troops at Manassas Junction. I have thrown Patterson's brigade forward to-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

