
ward Warrenton Junction and my main body in position here. I have relieved General Sigel's detachments at Union Mills and Bull Run Bridge. A train of subsistence, in charge of Captain Wilson, has just arrived.

Very respectfully,

D. E. SICKLES,

Brigadier-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, November 3, 1862. (Received 8.35 p. m.)

Major-General HEINTZELMAN:

Scout report that they met a squad of rebel cavalry 7 miles north of Federicksburg. There is a force of about 75 or 80 men at that place.

The force at Warrenton Junction and Catlett's Station is not changed. Union people [put] the force at Warrenton at about 5,000 infantry and 2,000 cavalry, with some artillery.

Nothing further from Thoroughfare Gap. Longstreet's and Walker's troops are reported already on their march to Culpeper, but this rumor is doubtful.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, November 3, 1862. (Received 10.10 p. m.)

Major-General HEINTZELMAN:

Our cavalry, under General Stahel, has driven the enemy out of Thoroughfare Gap, and the division of General Schurz has taken possession of the gap. No enemy is now in sight there. The division of General Von Steinwehr is encamped at Carter's Switch; that of General Sahel at Gainesville. The main force of our cavalry is stationed at Buckland Mills, with strong pickets toward New Baltimore. A cavalry detachment is also stationed near Manassas, where General Sickles' troops are encamped. Infantry detachments are posted at Fairfax Court-House, Fairfax Station, Centreville, Union Mills, and Bull Run Bridge. General Bayard is at Aldie, and in connection with our troops.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

NEW YORK, November 3, 1862.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: In reply to your telegram of this date, directing me to report the gross quantities of supplies shipped by me to the army operating about Harper's Ferry, Frederick, Sharpsburg, Williamsport, &amp;c., since the 17th September, I send you the following:

In reply to your telegram to-day, there were shipped on 10th October 20,000 blankets, m 200 bales, and 10,000 shelter-tents, in 134 cases, to Colonel Ingalls, Harper's Ferry; on the 23rd October, 7,500 knit jackets, in 116 cases, to Captain Bliss, Harper's Ferry; on October 29,1,100 Zouave uniforms, in 25 cases, to Captain P. P. Pitkin, for Colonel Hawkins' regiment New York Volunteers, Berlin. The cases averaged 20 feet in bulk and the bales 30 feet.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. H. VINTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Deputy Quartermaster-General.

