
of Upperville. Generals Porter and Couch will remain with their commands in the positions now occupied by them.

General headquarters will be transferred to-morrow to some point tween Millville and Rectortown.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Assistant Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Upperville, November 4, 1862

Major General FITZ JOHN PORTER,Commanding Fifth Corps:

General McClellan desires me to say that he is at this point. We have possession of Paris, and have a party reconnoitering Ashby's Gap. It is impossible to tell yet whether the enemy is in force in the gap or not. He is not at the entrance. Averell is at Piedmont with his brigade. Headquarters to-night will be at Carter's farm, on the road about midway between Union and Upperville. Please hold your available force in readiness to move if ordered. When ordered to move, bring up the Forty-fourth New York, unless ordered to the contrary.

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, November 4, 1862-10 p. m. (Received November [5], 5 a. m.)

Major-General PORTER, Commanding Fifth Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to say that we hold Ashby's Gap, and that there is no evidence of any enemy in force opposite it. He is of opinion that there is no large force of the enemy in the Shenandoah Valley. He also directs me to say that, unless directions are hereafter given to the contrary, you will move your command, on Thursday next, on the Aldie pike, through Middleburg, to White Plains. He desires that no more wagons be sent for stores to the Potomac, and that trains son their way from that river be brought up as rapidly as possible. Supplies will hereafter be obtained by Orange [and] Alexandria and Manassas Gapa Railroads. General Burnside's command (Willcox's corps and Stoneman's and Whipple's divisions) will to-morrow take position between Piedmont and Salem. General Reynolds will proceed to-morrow and next day to take position on General Burnside's left and rear, extending from Rectortown to White Plains. General Franklin will to-morrow take position on the Aldie pike east of Upperville. General Couch wil remain at Ashby's Gap. General headquarters will be transferred to-morrow to some point between Rectortown and Millville.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO, D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Assistant Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP, November 4, 1862-9.30 p. m.

Colonel A. BECKWITH,

Commissary of Subsistence, Washington, D. C.:

Have directed Colonel Porter to break up the depot at Berlin, and,

leaving 600,000 rations at Harper's Ferry, and a month's supply at

