
Frederick City for the troops there and hospitals, to have all other subsistence stores at Berlin and Frederick City; as soon as possible transported to Washington or Alexandria, as the Commissary-General may direct.

Wilson will be obliged to establish two or three temporary depots beyond Manassas at once, and must be prepared to establish one or two more on the road farther south at short notice. Please give him all the assistance you can. Have you sent him 1,000 or 1,200 head of beef cattle? I hope so.

H. F. CLARKE,

Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Commissary of Subsistence.

CAMP NEAR MIDDLEBURG, VA., November 4, 1862-11 p. m.

Colonel C. G. SAWTELLE, Quartermaster:

(Care of General Meigs, Quartermaster-General, Washington.)

General McClellan will not draw any more supplies from Harper's Ferry or Berlin, but from to-morrow he will expect to receive them by the Manassas Gap Railroad, say, at Piedmont or Salem. His headquarters to-morrow will be at Rectortown, on that road; consequently the teams ordered by me will be required to join the army from Washington, via Fairfax Court-House and Centreville, to Thoroughfare Gap. They should leave at once, loaded with some forage, and such other we are moving rapidly. I will give proper ordered to the depots at Harper's Ferry, Hagerstown, and Frederick.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Upperville, November 4, 1862.

Major-General SIGEL, or

COMMANDING OFFICER AT THOROUGHFARE GAP:

General McClellan directs me to say that his advance is at this point, with the cavalry force at Piedmont. He will have possession of Ashby's Gap to-day, unless the enemy is found in such force that

it will be necessary to fight a general battle. In that case he will probably not be in possession of it before to-morrow. It is

desirable that the railroad be put in running order as far as possible toward this point. The general wishes you to have at least 300,000 rations sent to Thoroughfare Gap. If you are able to protect them from the south, he will protect them from the direction of Manassas Gap and the north. It is necessary that the rations should be there as early as possible. Sixty thousand rations of grain should also be at that point as early as possible. Have your disposable troops in readiness to move either to Upperville or to Warrenton, as you receive orders. Please send word to Washington to have the telegraph repaired as far as Piedmont as soon as possible. Please keep the general commanding fully posted.

A. V. COLBURN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

