HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, D. C., November 5, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Immediately on assuming command of the Army of the Potomac, you will report the position of your troops, and what you purpose doing with them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS, Rectortown, November 5, 1862. (Received 7.20 a. m.)

Brigadier-General HAUPT:

General McClellan directs me to inform you that his headquarters are to-night at this place. So far as we can learn, railroad is in good condition as far as Piedmont, and arrangements should be made to forward supplies to that and other points as soon as possible. Can you not send an engine to this point at once, for the purpose of ascertaining the exact condition of road and to enable the general to communicate with you? Our troops are on the line of the road from Piedmont to Salem, and we will have troops at White Plains to-morrow. Our cavalry is in vicinity of Chester Gap. The general is desirous to see you as soon as you can conveniently come up.

A. V. COLBURN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, November 5, 1862-1.20 a. m.

Major General FITZ JOHN PORTER:

Your dispatch of 7 p. m. is received. Before this reaches you, you will have received orders not to move to-morrow. I believe that Colonel Ruggles has given you the position that the troops will occupy to-morrow night; but as he may not have done so, I will state it now. Burnside will take position from Piedmont to

Salem; Reynolds in rear, and to the left of him, extending from Rectortown to White Plains; Couch will remain where he is; Franklin will be to the left of Upperville, on the Aldie pike; headquarters will be on the road from Millville to Rectortown, near Rectortown; near Rectortown; Pleasonton in the vicinity of Chester Gap; Bayard in front of Salem.

A. V. COLBURN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, November 5, 1862-12.15 p. m.

Major General FITZ JOHN PORTER,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that General Couch has just reported that the enemy has left the positions occupied by their artillery yesterday. The signal officer on duty in the neighborhood reports that he heard the sound of their artillery retreating between midnight and an early hour this morning. Their campfires showed them to be about 10 miles from their position of yesterday,

