HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, November 7, 1862-2 p. m. (Received White Plains, Va., November 7, 7 p. m.)

Major General FITZ JOHN PORTER,Commanding Fifth Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs you to move your corps to- morrow, by way of Georgetown, to New Baltimore, so as to arrive at the latter place to-morrow night. Upon the following day you will move your command to within about 1 1/2 miles of Warrenton, and encamp it northeast of that town, on the left of the Centreville and Warrenton turnpike, and on the Cat Tail Branch of Cedar Run, as designated in the accompanying sketch.* Your supplies will be drawn after leaving White Plains, until further orders, from Gainesville, by the pike to Warrenton. General Franklin will move to New Baltimore day after to-morrow. General headquarters will move to-morrow, by the direct road, to Warrenton or vicinity.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Assistant Chief of Staff.

GAINESVILLE, November 7, 1862-1 p. m.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN:

General Reynolds, with his corps, is in Warrenton. My scouts report Critcher's battalion of cavalry (Fifteenth Virginia Cavalry), about 80 strong, at Fredericksburg. They captured one of them at Dumfries. A deserter reports that the enemy is throwing up fortifications on the other side of Rappahannock Station. Artillery is brought down there from Culpeper. Longstreet's forces, 25,000 strong, are at Culpeper. Have not ben able to find out the whereabouts of Jackson's forces.

F. SIGELS,

Major-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington City, November 7, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: I respectfully inclose a copy of a dispatch, of this date,

+ from Colonel Ingalls, chief quartermaster of the Army of the Potomac, headquarters at Rectortown, [Va.]. It is loosely worded, requesting that all the cars that can be obtained should be collected and loaded. All the cars in the North would be required to fill this requisition. Whatever can be done, without breaking up the traffic north of this city, and without overcrowding the military railroad in Virginia, will be done by the intelligent officers in charge, General Haupt and Colonel McCallum, in charge of railroad matters, and Colonels Rucker and Beckwith, depot quartermaster and commissary of the Washington depot. The requisition has been communicated to these officers. I am also requested to have the road put in repair from Aquia Creek to Richmond, via Fredericksburg.

I respectfully request to be informed whether any measures have been taken to protect against the rebels at Richmond any working parties

---------------

*Not found.

+See letter of November 6, p.549.

---------------

