
force of the enemy at Warrenton Junction, and that the trains heard running during the night were carrying troops to Gordonsville in retreat.

I do not know what instructions have been given by General McClellan to the troops on your right, but the general commanding thinks you need not feel any apprehension on that point. Representations should be made to the chief quartermaster and commissary at General McClellan's headquarters of the necessity of sheds and paulings to protect the Government stores.

Respectfully

CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

November 8, 1862.

General H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 5th of November, covering General Orders, Numbers 182, upon the receipt of which I called upon General McClellan, who received from General Buckingham a copy of the order, and at once turned over the command of the Army of the Potomac to me. General McClellan had already given directions covering some two or three days, and during that time I will try to acquaint myself with the condition of his several staff departments, after which I will, as you request, give you a full statement of my plans.*

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS

Warrenton Junction, November 8, 1862-4.30 p.m.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac, Warrenton:

GENERAL: General Bayard occupies Rappahannock Station. I leave Colonel Blaisdell, Eleventh Massachusetts, in command of this post. He will have charge of the road and bridge from Warrenton Junction to Dr. Osman's house. The force here will include the Sixteenth Massachusetts and Third Excelsior Regiments, with Clark's battery. Colonel Lloyd's Sixth Ohio Cavalry has been ordered to report to General Sigel. I respectfully suggest that cavalry is indispensable to these posts and to patrol the road in the vicinity of the railroad. There is no obstacle to the use of the railroad to Warrenton, except the unfinished state of the bridge across Broad Run, which is not more than half finished. A negro teamster, with a pass from Lieutenant H. T. Douglas, Confederate engineers, dated Camp Pontoon Bridge, South Anna River, November 6, 1862, reports as follows:

A large force of the enemy at the camp he left, between Fredericksburg and Richmond; small force in and about Fredericksburg.

His pass was to Weaversville, to return in ten days. He confirms the report of the other teamster about the force of the enemy at Culpeper.

Very respectfully.

D. E. SICKLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Burnside to Cullum, November 7, p. 552.

---------------

