HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Gaskin's Mill, Va., November 8, 1862.

General J. G. PARKE, Chief of Staff, &amp;c.,:

GENERAL: Ferrero's brigade started across Millen's Ford at 1.40; took with him Dickenson's battery. Two regiments were ordered to Amissville, and then to Jefferson[ton]. His men are crossing on a foot bridge, and the road is said to be good.

Stoneman has just reported to me for orders. He has commenced

building a bridge for teams at Waterloo, which I have directed him to complete; it will be done in five hours. He says he is short of provisions, but expects a supply to-night or to-morrow morning. Should it be desirable for the command to cross the river, we can go by both Waterloo and Millen's Fords.

I have also directed General Whipple to make an examination of the Hinson Ford route. Part of my supply train reported at Salem this morning, but Captain Coale says he can get nothing but salt pork at that point. I have directed him to report to you for instructions where to get his supplies, and how to bring them to me. Will you please give him the necessary orders, so that there will be no mistake in my supplies? Please also direct Colonel Goodrich with regard to cattle. I find some hay for forage a little way off. Hall's hay wagons would be useful. I have got two days' corn in the neighborhood.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Corps.

P. S.- Pleasonton expects to be at Newby's Cross-Roads to-night.

LEESBURG, VA., November 18, 1862.

Brigadier-General WADSWORTH:

I have information that he secessionists hold Snicker's Gap with three regiments of cavalry, and that they were at Aldie this morning. They have cavalry in the neighborhood of this place, reported to be from 500 to 1,000 strong. I have 125 men. Can hold it against 400 or 500. There are 500 of our men in hospital here, and a considerable amount of property. Can you send me some men, cavalry or infantry, immediately? I expect an attack to-night or to-morrow.

W. B. REYBURN.

Captain, Provost-Marshal, Commanding Post.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 8, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

If the enemy has been effectually driven out of Western Virginia, I think there will be very little danger of their returning during the winter. It is represented that Gauley Bridge, with a depot at Loop Shoals, is the best point for the defense of the valley. The enemy should, it the season be not too far advanced, be driven beyond Sewell Mountain; but it probably will not be necessary to establish posts east of the Gauley Bridge, on account of the difficulty of supplies. It is thought that

