HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Warrenton, November 9, 1862-4 p.m.

General G. W. CULLUM, Chief of Staff:

McAlester is not here. Comstock is very necessary to us, but will send him if you wish. The movements of troops ordered for to-day have taken place without resistance.

Will send a detailed dispatch in cipher to the General-in-Chief as soon as it is prepared.

It is very desirable to have subsistence and forage sent to Warrenton Junction and this place, direct, as soon as Broad Run Bridge is repaired.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

November 9, 1862-6 p.m.

General G. W. CULLUM, Chief of Staff:

The dispatch which I proposed to send you in cipher, explaining my plan of operations, will be sent you by special messenger.*

A. E. BURNSIDE,WARRENTON, November 9, 1862-8.15.

General FRANZ SIGEL, Gainesville:

Major-General Burnside having, by order of the President, relieved Major-General McClellan in the command of the Army of the Potomac, directs that any of the troops of your command that may be on the line between this point and Gainesville be turned out to-morrow, in compliment to General McClellan, as he passes. General McClellan expects to leave this place at about 8 a.m. for Gainesville. Please acknowledge.

S. WILLIAMS.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALEXANDRIA DEPOT,

November 9, 1862-12.20 p.m.

Colonel HAUPT, 20 K Street:

I beg your immediate attention to the accompanying, from Manassas We are, by this obstinate conduct, thrown into fresh delay, disorder, and troubles. That cars must be unloaded where they stand is something that nearly every officer won't understand, and until they do the army suffers and we are blamed.

J. H. D.

[Inclosure.]

MANASSAS-11.50 a.m.

J. H. D.:

Captain J. F. Rusling refuses to unload cars (forage) as they now stand on our tracks. We are so blockaded that trains have been delayed three hours this morning, and he insists on having these forage cars placed at a particular point.

C. B. STOWE.

---------------

*See dispatch of November 7, p. 552.

---------------

