
known to you. Suffice it to say, that with the hearty co-operation of officers and men I have not a doubt of its success-a success which will reflect credit in the highest degree upon your arms. The orders which are herewith published for your government are absolutely necessary, and must be rigidly enforced.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, October 9, 1862.

No. 13.

During the expedition into the enemy's country on which this command is about to engage, brigade commanders will make arrangements for seizing horses, the property of citizens of the United States, and all other property subject to legal capture, provided, that in no case will any species of property be taken except by authority, given in person on in writing, of the commander of brigade, regiment, or captain of company in the absence of his superior officers. In all cases, a simple receipt will be given to the effect the article is seized for the use of the Confederate States, giving place, date, and name of owner, in order to enable the individual to have recourse upon his Government for damage. Individual plunder for private use is positively forbidden, and every instance must be punished in the severest manner, for an army of plundered consummates its own destruction. The capture of anything will not give the captor any individual claim, and all horses and equipments will be kept to be apportioned, upon the return of the expedition, through the entire division.

Brigade commanders will arrange to have one-third of their respective commands engaged in leading horses, provided enough can be procured, each man linking, so as to lead three horses, the led horses being habitually in the center of the brigade, and the remaining two-thirds will keep at all time prepared for action.

The attack, when made, must be vigorous and overwhelming. giving the enemy no time to collect, reconnoiter, or consider anything except his best means of flight. All persons found in transit must be detained, subject to the orders of division provost-marshal, to prevent information reaching the enemy.

As a measure of justice to our many good citizens who, without crime, have been taken from their homes and kept by the enemy in prison, all public functionaries, such as magistrates, postmasters, sheriffs, &amp;c., will be seized as prisoners. They will be kindly treated and kept as hostages for our own.

No straggling from the route of march or bivouac for purpose of obtaining provisions, &c., will be permitted in any case, the commissaries and quartermasters being required to obtain and furnish all such supplies in bulk as may be necessary.

So much of this order as authorizes seizures of persons and property will not take affect until the command crosses the

Pennsylvania line. The utmost activity is enjoined upon the detachments procuring horses, and unceasing vigilance upon the entire command.

Major J. T. W. Hairston is hereby appointed division provost-marshal.

By command of Major General J. E. B. Stuart:

R. CHANING PRICE,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp

