
ALEXANDRIA DEPOT,

November 9, 1862-1.10 p.m.

HERMAN HAUPT, Numbers 20 K Street:

All regularity in trains has been lost to-day, and nearly the entire forenoon thrown away by the refusal of Captain Rusling, at Manassas, to unload his cars, and failing to get empty cars returned. We cannot supply demand here. We have 59 loaded cars still in the yard, most of which ought, and could, have gone forward several days since. If we are to be hindered in this way daily, it is impossible to supply the army.

J. H. D.

MANASSAS, November 9, 1862-7.30 p.m.

Brigadier General HERMAN HAUPT:

GENERAL: The trouble here to-day is with Mr. Stowe, the man in charge of transportation. He is neither accommodating nor efficient. Captain Norton, of General Heintzelman'staff, I suppose, has seen you before this and explained everything. He left for Washington at 1 p.m., and intended to report to you immediately the miserable imbecility of the railroad management here. He has trains here now in the wrong place, when the right place is vacant, and he refuses to move them on the plea that the locomotives may be ordered elsewhere. To unload cars anywhere and everywhere only produces in confusion. I am trying to enforce organization and system. If trains are placed properly I have ample force to unload them at once. We have no wagons here and no warehouses, nothing but our heads and hands, as yet, but if the railroad men are active and efficient we can soon make matters work well. I would respectfully suggest that you send here immediately a locomotive, to remain here permanently, in order to move trains and clear the tracks. It will be difficult to conduct this post properly with out it.

Very respectfully,

JAS. F. RUSLING,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH CORPS,Harper's Ferry, November 9, 1862-3 p.m.

General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

General Geary sends the following from Rippon, 6 miles from Berryville:

My researches show that both the Hills and Jackson have crossed the mountains at Front Royal, leaving on this side five regiments of cavalry and eight of ten pieces of artillery,part of which I have had to contend with to-day. Considerable infantry is said to be beyond Berryville.

Geary is returning.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General Volunteers, Commanding.

36 R R-VOL XIX, PT II

