HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH CORPS,Harper's Ferry, November 9, 1862-9 a.m.

General R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff:

General Geary has just returned. He thinks there is but a small force of the enemy in Winchester Valley, consisting of about three regiments of cavalry and about eight pieces of artillery. He was informed that Jackson's command marched from Bunker Hill to Berryville on Friday, the 31st; from Berryville to Millwood on Saturday; that Jackson and both the Hills passed through Front Royal on the 3rd or 4th instant. Jackson's force was stated to be about 25,000. General Geary deems this information reliable.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SICKLE'S DIVISION, THIRD ARMY CORPS,Camp at Manassas Junction, November 9, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Defenses of Washington:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that General Patterson's movement to the rear, from Catlett's to Bristoe, on Friday, was without orders, inconsistent with his instructions, and, so far as I can learn, without sufficient reason.

A drummer boy and two soldiers of the Third Brigade, left behind near Cedar Run Bridge, who remained in this neighborhood all day, told Colonel Lloyd, Sixth Ohio Cavalry, that they had seen nothing of the enemy.

Colonel Lloyd reports that when he went to Warrenton Junction, yesterday morning, he found the snow on the railroad track, indicating that no train had moved toward Gordonsville since the now fell. The bridge at Cedar Run was uninjured.

The people about Warrenton Junction said, yesterday, that the enemy left the place on Thursday.

The following is a copy of General Patterson's communication, informing me of his movement, and the reasons for it:

Captain O. H. HART:

I have received your communication. At 4.30 a.m. no troops had arrived here to support me. My position is untenable. The whistles of cars are going freely, indicating the arrival of troops. I am returning to my old camp.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. E. PATTERSON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

I reported to you on Friday the substance of the rumors in relation to the force of the enemy at Warrenton Junction, as reported to me by General Patterson, and, although I did not credit them, yet, in deference to General Patterson's judgment, I reported them to you, and ordered forward the Sixteenth Massachusetts and 500 of the One hundred and twentieth New York, with a section of rifled guns, as a re-enforcement. This support was moving to the front beyond Bristoe when General Patterson retreated.

At this moment General Patterson is quite ill, and Colonel Revere. Seventh New Jersey, an accomplished and energetic officer, has assumed command. I have forborne to place General Patterson in arrest lest I might do injustice, and feeling distrustful of my own judgment

