
arrive? I have sent Colonel Myers over the road to observe the condition of the depots, and to report simply what the road actually does transport daily.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Chief Quartermaster.

(Repeated by Haupt to Devereaux.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO.

Cincinnati, Ohio, November 9, 1862.

Major General JACOB D. COX, Charleston, Va.:

Send Cranor to Louisa, to operate from there against the bands said to be devastating that part of Kentucky, extending his operation as far up as Piketon. If possible, add one or two squadrons to his cavalry, if you can spare them. X I O T [Cipher.] Fine weather.

H. G. WRIGHT,Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, November 10, 1862-8.30 p.m.

General SICKLES:

As soon as it is possible to see you or communicate with you, I will explain fully. Until then, please permit no interference with the railroad agents, but compel your men to unload and return cars without a moment's delay. The mischief of delay at this time is incalculable. The very existence of the army depends upon unceasing movement of the trains day and night. The road must be worked to double its estimated capacity, or the progress of the army is impossible. The delays already caused by your agent at Manassas are most serious. Convenience cannot now be consulted. Unload anywhere. If you do not, extreme suffering to the army and delay of movement must be the consequence.

H. HAUPT.

(Repeated to Burnside, 9.15 p.m.)

NOVEMBER 10, 1862.

Captain JAMES F. RUSLING,

Assistant Quartermaster, Manassas:

In consequence of my absence, your telegram was not received until to-day, and press of business prevented an immediate reply. Have patience with Stowe. We cannot dismiss him just now, even if he has been unaccommodating. We have no one capable of performing his duty; besides, he enjoys the confidence of the superintendent. I will come to Manassas and investigate matters as soon as I can. In the mean time remember that the immediate unloading and return of cars is the only salvation of the army. Retreat or starvation is the penalty of delay. I am receiving constant telegrams for supplies at Gainesville, which cannot be forwarded in consequence of the delay that you have caused by not unloading the cars. Not a moment's delay can be permitted. I will explain hereafter, but cannot do it now. Lose not a moment in sending back the cars.

H. HAUPT,

(Repeated to J. H. Devereaux.)

