
WASHINGTON, November 10, 1862-4.10 p.m.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE:

Send a list of the brigadier-generals and colonels you want promoted in order merit; also send the names of any officers you want removed from your command.

Transfer officers or troops from one army corps to another, as you may deem best for effecting a proper reorganization.

Commanders of army corps can be changed only by the President. Keep such of General McClellan's staff officers as you may want.

H. W. HALLECK

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 10, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Warrenton, Va.:

Have notified proper departments of your want of subsistence and forage. Hereafter send telegrams for those departments direct to them. Have ordered Houston to report to Major-General Banks immediately.

G. W. CULLUM

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

WARRENTON, VA., November 10-8 a.m.

General HAUPT:

Your dispatch received and suggestions approved, for which I am much obliged. I send to General Halleck special messenger to-day, with plan of operations. Please get from General Cullum a copy of my suggestions as to the Aquia Creek road, sent some days ago from Pleasant Valley, and get ready for the work on that road. Don't fail to send me at any time your views.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.

NOVEMBER 10, 1862-8.30 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Telegram received. Will do all in my power to carry out your wishes, and keep things moving. Movement in everything and everywhere is essential. Trains must not stand still, except when loading and unloading, and the time for this should be measured by minutes, not by hours. General Halleck has just issued a very stringent order, which will no doubt help us. If the trains can be kept constantly moving, your army can be supplied; if they stand still, it cannot. General Halleck awaits your report of reconnaissance before giving orders about Aquia. I am preparing. We have great difficulty in procuring wood and water for engines; not a stick on road at advanced stations, and, when transported, soldiers burn it and waste water. Superintendent reports destruction of switches by soldiers. All such injury to railroad property at this time should be severely punished.

H. HAUPT,

