HDQRS. SICKLES' DIVISION, THIRD ARMY CORPS,Camp Manassas, November 10, [1862]

Brigadier General HERMAN HAUPT;

GENERAL: Your dispatch has been received. Nothing has been or shall be wanting on the part of my command to facilitate the operations of your department in forwarding supplies to the army. The suggestions which have been made about the proper place for unloading trains had only for their object the expeditious and systematic dispatch of business. There is no desire among my officers to interfere with the railroad agents. You have been entirely misled if you believe that my officers at Manassas have caused the delay which you so justly deplore.

I investigated the matter to-day at the depot, and am satisfied that the interests of the service require the immediate removal of your agent at this post. He refused to-day to use engines, which were here idle, for uses to move trains where they could be conveniently unloaded.

I have neither wagons nor soldiers to employ in conveying freight to depot, when there are engines here which can be used for the purpose. I am sure you will not expect anything so unreasonable to be done, and I hope you will not permit your agent to demand it, where the consequences are so injurious to the public service.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. E. SICKLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GAINESVILLE, November 10, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Scouts from Ashby's and Snicker's Gaps report the pickets of the enemy at either of the gaps. A Union lady, who was sent under flag of truce, reports Hill's forces day before yesterday behind Snicker's Gap. The reconnoitering party sent to the Aquia Creek and Fredericksburg Railroad has been captured when making an attack on Fredericksburg. No information in regard to the bridges over the Potomac and Accokeek Creeks has been received. I have no cavalry to send out again.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

GAINESVILLE, November 10, [1862]

Major-General HEINTZELMAN:

The reconnoitering party from Fredericksburg has just returned. Captain Dahlgren, of my staff, attacked the town with a detachment of my body guard of 60 men, and routed the rebels and drove them 3 miles. He found five companies of the Fifteenth Virginia Cavalry and three companies of the Ninth Virginia Cavalry. Captured 39 prisoners and two wagon-loads of clothing, destined for the Southern army. Our loss is 1 killed and 3 wounded or missing. He reports the bridges on the Potomac Creek and Accokeek Creek (of the Aquia Creek and Fredericksburg Railroad) destroyed. My body guard, under Captain Sharra and Lieutenants Carr and Miller, behaved splendidly. Great credit is also due to one of my scouts, by the name of R. P. Brown.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

