
NOVEMBER 10, 1862

Major-General BURNSIDE:

A sergeant, who escaped from Fredericksburg, reports the bridges over the Rappahannock gone. Have not heard about the bridges over Potomac and Accokeek Creeks. The information given by the Union lady, that General Hill's forces were near Snicker's Gap day before yesterday, agrees with the information brought by my scouts, that Hill's forces were yesterday at Front Royal, moving toward Culpeper.

F. SIGEL.

Major-General.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Leesburg, Va., November 10, 1862.

Major H. W. BREVOORT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Stoneman's Division:

I have the honor to report that I have information, through Means' cavalry and other sources, that General Hill is at Philomont, 9 miles from here, with a division of infantry. I have sent scouts out on the Winchester pike and in other directions, but they failed so far to find any large body. There is a body of guerrillas near here, of 100; some three or four were within 2 miles of this place yesterday.

In case of an advance on this town of a large force of the enemy, I will destroy the property in my charge and retreat across the river. I have no doubt but the enemy is in force this side of Snicker's Gap.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WM. B. REYBURN,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

U. S. ARMY GENERAL HOSPITAL,

Frederick, Md., November 10, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS.

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith a list of the names of the sick and wounded captured by the enemy at this place, and paroled by them September 5, 1862, and the accompanying statement:

Having been apprised, by telegraph from Colonel Miles at Harper's Ferry, on the 4th instant, that the enemy would soon be in possession of Frederick and advising removal of patients and stores, or, if removal of the latter, should be impracticable to destroy them, I was able, by pressing wagons, &amp;c., to send off a large amount of medical stores and 398 sick to the general hospital at York, Pa. A large quantity of hospital stores and clothing, too bulky to be readily removed, and which would have been of value to the enemy, were destroyed by fire, under the able supervision of Hospital Steward Fitzgerald, U. S. Army. Asst. Surg. P. Heaney, of Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Acting Assistant Surgeons Goldsborough, Bartholf, and Adams, my assistants remained with me. The loss in hospital stores in my charge, by fire and by capture, is estimated at from $4,000 to $5,000.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. WEIR,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army, in Charge of Hospital.

