
enemy were in front of Sturgis, and, being solicitous about his right flank from Chester Gap, I concluded to deviate from my orders, by watching it through the night.

I arrived here after dark; found a squadron of Sixth Regiment Cavalry, who picket a mile out on each road. I sent out a party to scout the Chester road, and another the road to Markham Station and Upperville, for 4 miles out. They returned at daylight, having seen and heard nothing. I then sent a party with orders to reach Sandy Hook, if possible. They got within half a mile of the place, and succeeded in passing themselves as rebels from Amissville. Six hundred rebel cavalry arrived at Sandy Hood yesterday from up the valley. The Seventh Virginia Regiment is within 2 miles of Markham, and it is though that Jackson will march down to the Grade road,on the ridge, to-day. They saw two rebel pickets, who fled, when they thought it prudent to return, as they only numbered seven in the party. I also sent another (Company A) party, under command of Captain Crocker (brother of Captain N. W.), with instructions to go to Markham, if possible, thence to Piedmont, Rectortown, and Salem, and to send a detachment to Upperville, if prudent. I inclose his dispatch, just received.

I would extend my reconnaissance farther, but was unable to have my men supplied with rations before we started; besides, General Burnside ordered me to return to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Colonel Sixth New York Cavalry.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS

November 11, 1862-8.20 a.m.

Colonel T. C. DEVIN, Barbee's Cross-Roads:

COLONEL: Pursuant to your order, this command arrived at Markham about 7 this a.m. Found there Dr. Crawford, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, and 20 enlisted men of Fifth United States and Sixth United States, paroled yesterday by officer in command of two squadrons Second Virginia Cavalry (rebels). The headquarters of the regiment are within a mile or two northwest of Markham. Have 1 prisoner of Seventh Virginia, captured while riding through Markham, visiting.

Lieutenant Easton does not go to Upperville. There is no infantry (rebels) about here, but every hill, and there are many, is infested with guerrillas, so says Dr. Crawford. Will go on to Salem and meet your command there. Expect for fall in with some rebel pickets on this road.

G. A. CROCKER,Captain Sixth New York Cavalry.

WASHINGTON, November 11, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

The delays of yesterday in forwarding supplies were caused by a refusal to unload cars at Manassas. Complaints were made against the train dispatcher for not being accommodating, which I will investigate; but nothing must be allowed to prevent the prompt return of cars. The importance of this will be better appreciated when the order of General Halleck, now in press, shall have been distributed.

I have read your suggestions in the letter to General Cullum, and, in general, concur. I think, however, it would be necessary to repair a part

