
out his favorite policy; first, to destroy the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and then recapture Northwest Virginia. General Cox has directed me to call on you for re-enforcements. You will, therefore, send me all the force you can spare without delay. I would suggest they be ordered to strike the railroad at Webster. Transportation will be ready on the arrival of the troops.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD.,

November 13, 1862-10 p.m.

Governor PEIRPOINT, Wheeling, Va.:

I have reliable information that Jackson is moving this way from Winchester. He has one brigade to-night at Pughtown and another on the Romney pike, near Cacapon Bridge. I fear he is about to attempt his favorite plan, to first destroy the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and then occupy Western Virginia. What is the condition of the First Virginia; how many men fit for duty?

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, VA., November 13, 1862.

Major N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Kelley telegraphs that Jackson's force is moving toward Romney, and fears a heavy movement into Western Virginia. If this was true, it would be giving Burnside a charge to whip Lee, in Jackson's absence, and, I, therefore, do not think it probable. I have ordered Milroy, on call from Kelley, to send him everything, except small garrisons of observation, and to go himself with his force, if the call be urgent. Kelley asks if there is any force in Ohio that is available. Some new regiments might be well placed, say, at Marietta, where they would be available for that direction, or any other, if really needed. I will report immediately whatever Kelley may say further.

COX.

CHARLESTON, November 13, 1862.

Brigadier-General MILROY, Buckhannon:

General Kelley telegraphs that a heavy force, under Jackson, is moving from Winchester toward Romney, apparently with design to enter Western Virginia. If this report is verified, I have authorized him to call upon you for help, and if the need seems to him urgent, you will aid him with everything which can be spared, keeping simply small garrisons of observation at your present positions. Should it be thus necessary to take the bulk of your force to him for temporary aid, you will go with it and report to him, giving him every assistance possible. He will call on the Baltimore and Ohio road for transportation, and notify you. You will appreciate the necessity of promptness and speed in rendering it.

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.

