
WASHINGTON, November 14, 1862.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The Engineer Brigade, under General Woodbury, will be detached for special duty. General Woodbury will report to headquarters for orders.

Very respectfully,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WARRENTON, November 14, [1862]

Captain BOWERS,

Adjt. General Engr. Brigadier Washington, D. C.:

On November 6, Captain Spaulding was directed to move bridge material from Berlin to Washington, and mount at once one complete bridge train in Washington. Is that train ready to move, with horses and everything needed supplied; if not, how long before it will be ready?

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant of Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

November 14, 1862-2.45 p.m.

Captain BOWERS.,Adjt. General Engineer Brigade, near Navy-Yard, Washington:

In addition to the bridge train, which Captain Spaulding has been previously directed to fit out in Washington, General Burnside desires to have one more complete train mounted and horsed as soon as possible, and, with the other, sent with a company, at least, and Captain Spaulding in command, by land to Fredericksburg, Va., the eight tool wagons from draw-bridge to accompany the trains. Please advise me how long before they will be ready, and, on their starting, advise me of that.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant of Engineers.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 14, 1862

Lieutenant COMSTOCK,

Headquarters of General Burnside:

I have received your two telegram to-day. Captain Spaulding has arrived. Thirty-six pontoons have arrived. Forty more are expected in the morning. Captain Spaulding received Captain Duane's order of the 6th on the afternoon of the 12th. One pontoon train can be got ready to start Sunday morning or Monday morning, depending somewhat upon the Q the Quartermaster's Department. General Halleck is not inclined to send another train by land, but will allow it, probably, if General Burnside insists. A second train can be sent by water to Aquia Creek, and from thence transported by the teams which carry the first.

D. P. WOODBURY,

Brigadier-General, Volunteers.

