
Special Orders, Nos. 305 and 306, current series, Headquarters Army of the Potomac, placed me in command from the mouth of the Antietam to Cumberland, including the brigades of Generals Kenly and Kelley. Your order enlarges that command to an extent which will, I presume, be specified in writing.

From the mouth of the Antietam to Cherry Run the Potomac is watched by two brigades, Generals Gordon's and Kenly's, headquarters of the former at Sharpsburg, of the latter at Williamsport, with the Twelfth Illinois and a detachment of the First Maryland Cavalry. From Cherry Run to Cumberland the distance is covered by the First New York and Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry and part of General Kelley's brigade, which extends westward to Parkersburg.

General Gordon's last report shows an aggregate present of 2,668, and General Kenly's of 2,350; total, 5,018, barely sufficient for observation, with indispensable reserves at certain points. The enemy are reported as, yesterday, the main body at Winchester, with a force toward Martinsburg, at Pughtown, and on the Romney road, near Cacapon Bridge, a position indicating a movement into Western Virginia, which General Kelley apprehends, and says he has not force sufficient to repel it. I ought not to take a man from this part of the line, and to send him a force capable of rendering any service would so weaken it as to invite aggression.

Troops are now being organized in this State and Pennsylvania. Why cannot some of them be ordered here, to Chambersburg, and to Cumberland? The safety of this place consists chiefly in the absence of inducement to attack it, rather than its means of defense.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. MORELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON,November 14, 1862-2 p.m.

General SICKLES,

Commanding, &amp;c., Manassas Junction:

There is immediate danger of a cavalry raid upon the rear of our army from Berryville in great force. You will please give orders to your troops to be on the alert. You will also construct infantry block-houses to protect the railroad bridge. If you cannot get an engineer officer from the Headquarters Army of the Potomac, I will try and find one here. At present I have no one. You must afford every aid on your power to facilitate the running of the trains, as, with every aid, the road is taxed to its utmost capacity.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN.

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SICKLES' DIVISION,Manassas, November 14, 1862

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding Defenses of Washington, to request that an engineer officer be directed to report to me, temporarily, for duty on works necessary for the defenses of the depots and bridges on this line. I am also directed to report my repre-

