
sentations as to the necessity of cavalry on this line. The major-general commanding informs me in a dispatch, signed by himself, that there is immediate danger of a cavalry raid in great force upon the rear of this army.

Respectfully.

D. E. SICKLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS. HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,Numbers 346.Washington, November 14, 1862.

* * * * * *

IV. Brigadier General E. H. Stoughton, U. S. Volunteers, after complying with the orders under which he is now acting, will report to Major-General Heintzelman, commanding Defenses of Washington.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 184.Near Warrenton, Va., November 14, 1862

I. The organization of a portion of this army in three grand divisions is hereby announced.

These grand divisions will be formed and commanded as follows:

The Second and Ninth Corps will form the right grand division, and will be commanded by Major General E. V. Sumner.

The First and Sixth Corps will form the left grand division, and will be commanded by Major General W. B. Franklin.

The Third and Fifth Corps will form the center grand division, and will be commanded by Major General Joseph Hooker.

The Eleventh Corps, with such other troops as may hereafter be assigned to it, will constitute a reserve force, under the command of Major General F. Sigel.

Assignments of cavalry and further details will be announced in future orders.

II. In accordance with instructions from the War Department, the commanders of these grand divisions will have power to decide such questions relating to the interior management of their command as are now forwarded to these headquarters for final action.

Major-General Sigel will exercise all the powers in respect to his command above assigned as the commanders of grand divisions.

Those cases which can only be decided by the Departments at Washington they will forward directly to those Departments, without reference to these headquarters. All matters relating to movements of troops, together with returns, reports, &amp;c., will be forwarded to these headquarters as usual.

III. The commanders of these grand divisions will retain with them their respective staffs.

IV. The senior officers of the Second, Third, Fifth, and Sixth Corps will take the command of those corps, and will forward to these headquarters a list of recommendations of officers to fill their staffs.

V. Brigadier General S. Williams, assistant adjutant-general, is appointed inspector-general of the adjutant-general's department in this army

