
Lieutenant Colonel James A. Hardie, aide-de-camp, acting assistant adjutant-general, will act as assistant inspector-general in the same department.

VI. The heads of the various staff departments at these headquarters, other than the adjutant-general's department, will remain as heretofore until further orders.

VII. Lieutenant Colonel Lewis Richmond, assistant adjutant-general, is announced as assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters.

VIII. All orders conflicting with this are hereby rescinded.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. WING, ARMY OF POTOMAC,

Numbers 1.Warrenton, Va., November 14, 1862.

I. In compliance with the order of the major-general commanding this army, I hereby assume command of the right wing, consisting of the Second and Ninth Corps d' Armee.

II. The following staff officers are announced, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly; Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Taylor, chief of staff, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Colonel Paul J. Revere, inspector-general; Lieutenant Colonel C. G. Sawtelle, chief quartermaster; Lieutenant Colonel W. W. Teal, chief of commissary; First Lieutenant A. H. Cushing, topographical engineer; Major L. Kip, Capts. J. C. Audenried and S. S. Sumner, and First Lieutenant W. G. Jones, aides-de-camp.

E. V. SUMNER.

CAMDEN STATION,

Baltimore, November 14, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I find the statements from the Valley of Virginia are hourly becoming more definite and serious. It is now believed that Jackson and Hill have returned through Winchester, and their force is generally estimated by refugees at 40,000 men. On Monday night last a very large force is stated to have reached Pughtown, 6 miles northwest of Winchester, on the road to Romney, which is but 26 miles from that point, by an excellent road, from Romney. The bridges over South Branch, North Branch, Patterson's Creek, New Creek, and Potomac River on line of road can be readily in brief time. The important towns of Cumberland and Piedmont, with large quantities of machinery, &amp;c., are also easily accessible; therefore, I feel it a duty also to advise that the forces at Harper's Ferry are reported to be generally not well disciplined and effective, and that the enemy are believed to be moving in that vicinity also for another attack on that point. I beg to suggest that you have the fortifications and forces at Harper's Ferry promptly examined. The best troops and increased may soon be necessary there to maintain a successful defense. I trust your superior facilities may enable you to obtain full and reliable information regarding these important subjects,and that you may be able, if necessary, to take such prompt and vigorous action from the west and east as will prevent renewed and most grave disasters.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

