
Western Virginia. General Cox has made the best disposition of his available force to meet such a contingency and I have instructed General Morgan to await further orders at Gallipolis.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[NOVEMBER 14, 1862. - For Lincoln to Johnson, in reference to movements of troops from Western Virginia to Tennessee, see Series I, Vol. XX, Part II.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 15, 1862.

Major-General MORELL, Hagerstown, Md.:

You must co-operate with General Kelley and assist him in the defense of the railroad. This necessity is imperative.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief

CAMDEN STATION,

Baltimore, November 15, 1862

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have just received the following telegram from our agent at Wheeling, Mr. Ford:

Jackson's forces occupy all the roads west and north from Winchester, as far as Big Cacapon Bridge, on Northwest pike and Pughtown to Bath and Hancock. They did not move yesterday; may be waiting transportation. It is very important that General Morell co-operate with General Kelley, by moving at least part of his force to Hancock. We sent last night and this morning all the empty cars on hand for troop movement.

The above is official and reliable. I deem it best to furnish copy of this dispatch, that its information may be compared with such as you have received. Our master of transportation left by early train this a.m. for Cumberland, via Frederick. I have directed a general movement of machinery from Back Creek, &amp;c., to point west of the threatened district, and have instructed Mr. Smith to proceed as rapidly as possible from Frederick to Cumberland, to supervise, and aid my military movement that may be resolved upon. Jackson's designs may embrace the destruction of the Pennsylvania, as well as the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. The reported extent of his force would indicate serious work.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

WAR DEPARTMENT

Washington, November 15, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

General Cox should be directed to leave sufficient troops to hold the access to the Kanawha Valley, and move immediately with the remainder of his command to the defense of the railroad at Grafton, and farther east, now threatened. The movement should be made as rapidly as possible. The Tennessee troops should be sent to General Rosecrans.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

