
CINCINNATI, OHIO,

November 15, 1862-11.45 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Your instructions have been given to General Cox. The order to General Morgan to remain at Point Pleasant did not reach him in time to stop but one brigade, and that had already started when you dispatch was received and is now on the way to this place. The Tennessee regiments are ordered to General Rosecrans, and the rest of the command goes to Memphis, and a part has already passed this point.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 15, 1862

Major General J. G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff, General Burnside's Headquarters:

Please send forward to Belle Plain and Aquia Creek, as soon as possible small detachments of cavalry, that the parties who go to those places may know it is safe to land stores.

H. F. CLARKE,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. SIXTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Warrenton, November 15, 1862

Major-General PARKE, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions, I left this place at 2 p.m., yesterday, 15th instant, with four troops of my regiment, and proceeded to Salem, where I arrived at nightfall, and established my headquarters. I picketed the roads leading to Barbee's Cross-Roads, to Piedmont,to Rectortown, and to White Plains. I then ordered Captain Van Buren, with Troop M, to proceed to White Plains, and send detachments to communicate with the pickets of General Sigel, at Thoroughfare Gap, Hopewell, and Aldie. This duty was correctly executed, except that the party sent to Aldie lost the road, and went to Middleburg. Captain Van Buren reports General Steinwehr at the gap, and one Ohio regiment at Hopewell. No force at White Plains, Middleburg, or Aldie.

Before daybreak I sent detachments to scout to Piedmont and Rectortown, who report no force there, except straggling guerrillas. I also sent Captain Sheldon, with Troop G, to the left, to communicate with the force at Barbee's Croos-Roads (General Pleasonton's and General Willcox's). He reports the squadron at Barbee's has left; also that Generals Pleasonton and Willcox had left; he could not ascertain where to. He found one squadron (Eighth Pennsylvania) at Orleans. Sixteen of White's rebel cavalry entered Salem day before yesterday, and captured some of our stragglers. They said they were going to Paris.

You will observe that I succeeded in establishing communication between our forces on the extreme right and General Sigel's lines, thus covering the whole rear. Was unable to hear of any force of the enemy, except that there was a strong force at Front Royal.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth New York Volunteer Cavalry.

