HEADQUARTERS,Washington, November 15, 1862-7.50 p.m.

Major HUNT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Direct Colonel Price to send out all his available cavalry to drive back a force of rebel cavalry, said to be 500 strong, that drove in our pickets near Leesburg this morning. Let me know how many men he can send. Did he get all the horses he wants?

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.
HEADQUARTERS,Ox Hill, Little River Turnpike, Va., September 2, 1862

(Received September 6, 1862.)

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.,:

SIR: The commanding general having received an injury, by accident, which disables temporarily both hands, requests me to write, asking your attention to the condition of the Rapidan Bridge, with the request that you will urge forward its rapid completion, to relieve the heavy stress upon the commissary department in its efforts to supply this army with subsistence. The reports thus far received are not encouraging, and it is feared that the railroad agents are not working with the energy required by the occasion.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,September 2, 1862

Major General D. H. HILL, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Move in the morning up Pleasant Valley, provided there is a practicable road, in the direction of Dranesville, so as to strike the turnpike between that place or at the latter place and Leesburg. Should you ascertain that there is no road by which you can follow this route, retrace your steps to the Gum Spring road, and proceed thence toward Leesburg. General McLaws' division will take the Gum Spring road to Leesburg. Your subsistence train should follow, so as to overtake you as soon as possible, to be immediately unloaded and returned under directions from Lieutenant-Colonel Cole. Arrange to prevent all straggling from your own, and pick up all stragglers from other commands, to be retained until meeting their respective commands.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

