HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE STATES FORCES,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 2, 1862

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding, &amp;c.;

GENERAL: I have just received the following dispatch from General Cooper:

RICHMOND, VA., September 2, 1862

General JONES:

Communicate the following dispatch to Generals Bragg and Kirby Smith, just received from commanding general (Lee):

"The enemy attacked my left, under Jackson, on Thursday, [August 28,] and was repulsed. He attacked my right, under Longstreet, on Friday, [29th], and was repulsed; and on Saturday I attacked him with my combined armies, and utterly routed the combined armies of Pope and McClellan on the plains of Manassas.

"R. E. LEE."

General Lee is pursuing the enemy.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General.

As I do not know where Major-General Smith is at this time, and perhaps you do, you can communicate the above more readily than I

can. Will you please forward it to him? I have announced the news to the troops under my command in a general order, several copies of which I send you. I communicate this to you with the utmost pleasure, and trust that,with the blessing of God, the army under your command will soon gain as signal a victory as has been awarded to the army in Virginia.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 187.September 2, 1862

* * * * * *

II. Major General J. E. B. Stuart will cause those men of his command whose horses may be unserviceable, from want of shoes or overwork, to return to the late battle-fields, there to collect all the arms, equipments, &c., abandoned by the enemy or belonging to our killed, at convenient points on the turnpike, from whence they can be forwarded to Richmond by returning train, under charge of Captain William Allen, First Virginia Regiment. He will select the most reliable and active officers to command this party, sending a forge with material to shoe the horses, and directing special attention to be given to the recruiting of their strength while men are employed in the collection of arms.

* * * * * *

By command of General Lee:

[A. P. MASON,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS

Near Chantilly, Va., September 3, 1862

(Received September 8, 1862)

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.,:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that there are many conscripts in the counties recently vacated by the enemy that an now be had.

