
Chambersburg and paroled. The report of Captain Cowles as to the destruction of arms accompanies this.* Captain Macfie estimates the number of muskets burned at not less than 5,000.

W. H.

Numbers 19. Correspondence and orders relating to movements of the Union forces.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

October 10, 1862-9.10 p. m.

Major-General McCLELLAN, Harper's Ferry, Va.:

A rebel raid has been made into Pennsylvania to-day, and Chambersburg captured. Not a man should be permitted to return to Virginia. Use any troops in Maryland or Pennsylvania against them.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 10, 1862-10 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK;

Every disposition has been made to cut off the retreat of the enemy's cavalry, the to-day made a raid into Maryland and Pennsylvania.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

GREEN SPRING, VA.,

October 10, 1862-2 p. m.

Brigadier-General MARCY,

Chief of Staff, army of the Potomac:

Major Linton reports from Cherry Run that the rebels are crossing into Maryland at McCoy's Ferry. A refugee reports the force at 16,000, probably exaggerated. I have directed Major Linton to ascertain the strength and composition of the force. Reports to the same effect come from Hancock. Cox's brigade will be got off from there to-night if nothing happens to the road, I have a line of cavalry pickets nearly completed, extending from New Creek to cherry Run, from McReynolds' command, and from McCoy's Ferry to Falling Waters, from my own. One the other side, I have scouts hovering about, to whom I shall turn my attention as soon as I can

get the picket lines well extended.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

McCLELLAN'S, October 10, 1862-6. 15 p. m.

Colonel AVERELL, Green Spring, Va.:

Your telegram received. General Franklin has been advised of the contents of your dispatch, and will act according to the emergencies. Do not fail to report promptly the result of Major Linton's examination of the strength and condition of the enemy's force.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

