
discredit upon our cause, as useless members of the service and as especially deserving odium, come under the special attention of the provost-marshal, and be considered as unworthily members of an army which has immortalized itself in the recent glorious and successful engagements against the enemy, and will be brought before a military commission to receive the punishment due to their misconduct. The gallant soldiers who have so nobly sustained our cause by heroism in battle will assist the commanding general in securing success by aiding their officers in checking the desire for straggling among their comrades.

By order of General R. E. Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 5, 1862-1.55 p.m.

Major General D. H. HILL,

GENERAL: Your dispatch of this date* has been received. I have probably a division on the Maryland side by this time. My desire is, if practicable, to reach the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad bridge over the Monocacy this evening. Can you at once move forward to the bridge, so that we may effect a junction during the evening or night at furthest? General Lee has authorized your moving forward. I deem it important that we effect the junction, as we may meet with opposition before we can destroy the bridge.

Respectfully,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Leesburg, Va., September 5, 1862.

His Excellency President DAVIS, Richmond, Va.:

MR. PRESIDENT: As I have already had the honor to inform you, this army is about entering Maryland, with a view of affording the people of that State an opportunity of liberating themselves. Whatever success may attend that effort, I hope, at any rate, to annoy and harass the enemy. The army being transferred to this section, the road to Richmond, through Warrenton, has been abandoned as far back as Culpeper Court-House, and all trains are directed to proceed by way of Luray and Front Royal from Culpeper Court-House to Winchester. I desire that everything coming from Richmond may take that route, or any nearer one turning off before reaching Culpeper Court-House. Notwithstanding the abandonment of the line, as above mentioned, I deem it important that as soon as the bridge over the Rapidan shall be completed, that over the Rappahannock should be constructed as soon as possible, and I have requested the president of the road to have timber prepared for that purpose. My reason for desiring that this bridge shall be repaired is, that in the event of falling back it is my intention to take a position about Warrenton, where, should the enemy attempt an advance on Richmond, I should be on his flank; or, should he attack me, I should have a favorable country to operate in, and, bridges being repaired, should be in full communication with Richmond.

I have had all the arms taken in the late battles collected as far as possible, and am informed that about 10,000 are now at Gainesville.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

38 R R-VOL XIX, PT II

