
All empty trains returning to Rapidan are ordered to take in arms at Gainesville to transport to Rapidan. They should be sent at once to Richmond to be put in order, as arms may be needed in Maryland. I desire that Colonel Gorgas will send some one to take charge of these arms at once, as the cavalry regiments now on duty in the vicinity of Gainesville will have to be withdrawn.

We shall supply ourselves with provisions and forage in the country in which we operate, but ammunition must be sent from Richmond. Ii hope that the Secretary of War will see that the Ordnance Department provides ample supplies of all kinds. In forwarding the ammunition it can be sent in the way above designated for the other trains, or it can be sent to Staunton, and thence by the Valley road to Winchester, which will be my depot. It is not yet certain that the enemy have evacuated the valley, but there are reports to that effect, and I have no doubt that they will leave that section as soon as they learn of the movement across the Potomac. Any officer, however, proceeding toward Winchester with a train will, of course, not move without first ascertaining that the way is clear. I am now more desirous that my suggestion as to General Loring's movements shall be carried into effect as soon as possible, so that with the least delay he may move to the lower end of the valley, about Martinsburg, and guard the approach in that direction. He should first drive the enemy from the Kanawha Valley, if he can, and afterward, or if he finds he cannot accomplish that result, I wish him to move by way of Romney toward Martinsburg and take position in that vicinity.

I have the honor to be, with high respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

SEPTEMBER 5, 1862-3 p.m.

General BRANCH:

Should the enemy advance on you, throw forward infantry and artillery to a strong position for repelling his attack. The position should, if practicable, be more than a mile from the road on which we are moving, or sufficiently far to prevent the enemy's artillery from annoying our trains.

Respectfully,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.

STAUNTON, VA., September 5, 1862

General COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

The following dispatch has just been received from Lieutenant-Colonel Funk:

I am in possession of Winchester, capturing some 90 prisoners, large amount of quartermaster's and commissary stores, ammunition, &amp;c. They blew up a large magazine and two blocks of houses, retreating to Martinsburg. Inquire of Confederate States marshal what I shall do in regard to the stock of goods the merchants have on hand. Please advise and answer immediately by telegraph, via Harrisonburg.

J. H. S. FUNK,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

I have sent A. Lynn to take charge of the goods. Please telegraph immediately what I shall do with them.

Very respectfully,

M. G. HARMAN,

Colonel Fifty-second Regiment Virginia Volunteers.

