SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 188.September 5, 1862.

I. Brigadier General R. B. Garnett is released from arrest, and will report to Major General J. Longstreet for assignment to command.

II. Brigadier General Beverly [H.] Robertson is relieved from duty with the cavalry of this army, and will report to Brigadier General S.[G.] French, Department of North Carolina, where his services are indispensably necessary for the organization and instruction of cavalry troops of North Carolina. He is authorized to take with him his assistant adjutant-general, Captain W. K. Martin, and aide; the other officers will remain on duty with the brigade.

III. Brigade commanders will arrest all stragglers, without regard to their commands, who may fall back from preceding commands, retaining them until arrival in camp, where they may be restored to their respective commands.

IV. The necessity for its service in the field requires the company of Cobb's Legion now serving with Major General A. P. Hill to report for duty to Major General J. E. B. Stuart who will cause it to be replaced by a company of the Twelfth Virginia Cavalry. Same causes require that the squadron of cavalry serving with Major General D. H. Hill shall also rejoin its regiment, which it will accordingly do, reporting to Major General J. E. B. Stuart upon his taking the advance.

* * * * * *

By command of General Lee:

[A. P. MASON,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDER HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS,

No.-. Leesburg, September 5, 1862.

I. The portion of the Reserve Artillery remaining near here in camp will be ready to march at 9 o'clock to-morrow morning.

II. Major Richardson, being assigned to other important duty, the companies recently composing his battalion will, for the present, report to Major Nelson, or such portions as remain; others being on advance duty will so report. If among horses turned in to be under Major Richardson there be better than the most indifferent in the reserve batteries, these better ones must be assigned said batteries, and the more indifferent turned in in their places.

III. Assistant Surgeon Semple will report for duty [to] Major Jones, commanding the artillery attending General Ripley's command. His best ambulance will be given in charge to Dr. Page.

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,September 6, 1862

General BRANCH:

Major-General Jackson directs that you secure the camp by throwing out pickets and posting sentinels.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. L. JACKSON,

Aide-de-Camp.

