
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

Numbers 103.September 6, 1862.

I. Brigadier General L. A. Armistead is appointed provost-marshal, and will be obeyed accordingly, having authority to call for guards, take will proper measures to correct irregularities against good order and military discipline, and prevent depredations upon the community.

II. The general commanding takes pleasure in announcing to the brave soldiers of the Army of Northern Virginia the signal success of their comrades in arms in the West. The Confederate forces, under the command of Major General E. Kirby Smith, defeated on August 30 the Federal forces commanded by General Nelson, capturing General Nelson and his staff, 3,000 prisoners, and all his artillery, small-arms, wagons, &amp;c. This great victory is simultaneous with your own at Manassas. Soldiers, press onward! Let each man feel the responsibility now resting on him to pursue vigorously the success vouchsafed to us by Heaven. Let the armies of the East and the West vie with each other in discipline, bravery, and activity, and our brethren of our sister States will soon be released from tyranny, and our independence be established upon a sure and abiding basis.

By command of General R. E. Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Two Miles from Fredericktown, Md., September 7, 1862.

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

MR. PRESIDENT: I have the honor to inform you that all the divisions of the army have crossed the Potomac, unless it may be General Walker's from whom I have had no report since his arrival at Leesburg, on the evening of the 5th instant. They occupy the line of the Monocacy.

I find there is plenty of provisions and forage in this country, and the community have received us with kindness. There may be some embarrassment in paying for necessaries for the army, as it is probable that many individuals will hesitate to receive Confederate currency. I shall endeavor in all cases to purchase what is wanted, and,if unable to pay upon the spot, will give certificates of indebtedness of the Confederate States for future adjustment. It is very desirable that the chief quartermaster and commissary should be provided with funds, and that some general arrangement should be made for liquidating the debts that may be incurred to the satisfaction of the people of Maryland, in order that they may willingly furnish us what is wanted. I shall endeavor to purchase horses, clothing, shoes, and medical stores for our present use, and you will see the facility that would arise from being provided with the means of paying for them. I hope it may be convenient for ex-Governor Lowe, or some prominent citizen of Maryland, to join me, with a view of expediting these and other arrangements necessary to the success of our army in this State. Notwithstanding individual expressions of kindness that have been given, and the general sympathy in the success of the Confederate States, situated as Maryland is, I do not anticipate any general rising of the people in our behalf. Some additions to our ranks will no doubt be received and I hope to procure subsistence for our troops.

