
to me, with orders. My headquarters were at the house of a Dr. Shumate, who informed me that he had a large amount of Government property in his possession, which had been left there by the commander of the Third-sixth Ohio Regiment about one month ago, they being unable to transport in the retreat. I immediately made such arrangements as enabled me to transport the whole, of it amounting to six four-horse wagon-poads, in bulk and of the estimated value of $4600 and perhaps more, at present prices. In obedience to your orders, I returned to Bristoe Station with my whole command, and encamped there on the morning of the 27th instant. At this point, you joined me with 600 cavalry, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Karge, and upon your departure, took with you the cavalry which had been, under my command, leaving in its that which was under command of Lieutenant Colonel Karge.

On the morning of the 28th instant I received your orders to fall back at once to Centreville which I immediately obeyed. At Manassas Station I left brigade to march forward on the direct road, while I made a detour over the battle-ground of Bull Run with a portion of the cavalry. I went over the whole field, but met with no enemy during the whole day. The property recovered has been- a portion of it- turned over to my brigade quartermaster, for which I have his proper receipts, which will be forward to the department and the balance has been sent to General Sigel's headquarters, and will be there received by the Government officers.

In conclusion, I would respectfully request that the railroad bridge near Bristoe Station be repaired immediately, so as to save the large amount of railroad property beyond that point, which will, no doubt, be removed by the enemy as soon as bridge over the Rappahannock is completed.

I beg leave to refer to the annexed schedule, marked A,* for a list of the property recovered near Cedar Run.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

N. C. McCLEAN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, First Division.

Brigadier General J. STANHEL,

Commanding First Division, Eleventh Army Corps.

SEPTEMBER 26-27, 1862.- Expedition from Point Pleasant to Buffalo, W. Va., and skirmish.

Report of Colonel John A. Turley, Ninety-first Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETY-FIRST REG. OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Point Pleasant, Va., September 28, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit, for consideration, the following report of the part taken by the Ninety-first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, in the expedition against Buffalo:

My regiment left camp at Point Pleasant at 6 o'clock p. m. on Friday, the 26th instant, and proceeded up the Kanawha River to within 1 mile of Eighteen-Mile Creek without any interruption, at which point we encountered the rebel vedettes of Jenkin's cavalry, one of whom my advance captured, and from whom we learned the strength and situation of the enemy's forces in front, and, not yet hearing from either the

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

