
GREEN SPRING, VA.,

October 10, 1862-7 p. m.

Brigadier-General MARCY, Chief of Staff:

Major Linton reports as follows:

Lieutenant Boyle has just returned. He went to Fairview, and then to Furnace, within 1 mile of McCoy's Ferry. He recovered one of the flags of the Signal Corps. He reports that, from various sources, all coinciding, it appears that four regiments of cavalry, with four pieces of artillery, crossed at McCoy's Ferry this morning, and went straight to the pike, which they crossed at Kline's inquiring the road to Pennsylvania. Two miles from the pike they turned to the right, along a road which would lead them back to the pike between Hagerstown and Clear Spring. It was said to be Stuart's cavalry, and was generally estimated from 3,000 to 4,000 strong. They left no infantry or artillery behind, at McCoy's, but squad of infantry can be observed on the Virginia side of the Potomac. The cavalry said their infantry would cross at Cherry Run.

They crossed at daybreak this morning.

J. P. LINTON,

Major.

Imboden, I have just learned, is at Wardensville, 47 miles from here. Shall I go after him, or can I reach Williamsport, 64 miles, in time to do any good. If I go to Wardensville I might get through

Manassas Gap, if there is not too much force there for me. Please reply.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 10, 1862-9 p. m.

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL,

Commanding Cavalry:

The commanding general directs you to leave sufficient force to guard the railroad, and then to follow the enemy with the remainder of your troops, to intercept their retreat, if possible. Communicate frequently with these headquarters.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

Operators send this via Hancock, and also via Cumberland. Call on

commanders to forward.

R. B. M.

Chief of Staff.

[OCTOBER 10, 1862]-9 p. m.

General W. W. AVERELL,

Green Spring, Va.:

Your dispatch of 7 p. m. just received. The commanding general directs that you come at once down the Potomac and endeavor to get on the trail of the cavalry which crossed the river this morning, and follow it up as rapidly as possible. These rebels should not be allowed to get back to Virginia. Pleason's division will be in pursuit tonight, and you should not lose one minute after the receipt of this order. Leave a force sufficient to watch the railroad.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

