
I would respectfully request that my battalion be all sent up here, and the detachments of the other commands be returned to your headquarters. I have been to see General Hill on this point, and it will be satisfactory to him, as it will only deprive me of three long-range guns, as I have seven here and two at camp. It is indispensable that I should have a quartermaster and commissary..

A. S. CUTTS,

Commanding Battalion.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,September 8, 1862

Brigadier-General PENDLETON, Commanding:

GENERAL: The artillery of long range placed by Major-General Hill was designed to command the Washington road. The commanding general desires that it shall remain there.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- Colonel Cutts will remain with them.
HEADQUARTERS.

Near Fredericktown, Md., September 8, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,President of the Confederate States, Richmond, Va.:

MR. PRESIDENT: The present position of affairs, in my opinion, places it in the power of the Government of the Confederate States to propose with propriety to that of the United States the recognition of our independence. For more than a year both sections of the country have been devastated by hostilities which have brought sorrow and suffering upon thousands of homes, without advancing the objects which our enemies proposed to themselves in beginning the contest. Such a proposition, coming from us at this time, could in no way be regarded as suing for peace; but, being made when it is in our power to inflict injury upon our adversary, would show conclusively to the world that our sole object is the establishment of our independence and the attainment of an honorable peace. The rejection of this offer would prove to the country that the responsibility of the continuance of the war does not rest upon us, but that the party in power in the United States elect to prosecute it for purpose of their own. The proposal of peace would enable the people of the United States to determine at their coming elections whether they will support, those who favor a prolongation of the war, or those who wish to bring it to a termination, which can but be productive of good to both parties without affecting the honor of either.

I have the honor to be, with high respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Fredericktown, Md., September 8, 1862.

His Excellency President DAVIS, Richmond, Va.:

MR. PRESIDENT: Since my letter to you of the 7th instant, nothing of interest, in a military point of view, has transpired. As far as I can

