
VI. General Walker, with his division, after accomplishing the object in which he is now engaged, will cross the Potomac at Cheek's Ford, ascend its right bank to Lovettsville, take possession of Loudoun Heights, if practicable, by Friday morning, Keys' Ford on his left, and the road between the end of the mountain and the Potomac on his right. He will, as far as practicable, co-operate with Generals McLaws and Jackson, and intercept retreat of the enemy.

VII. General D. H. Hill's division will form the rear guard of the army, pursing the road taken by the main body. The reserve artillery, ordnance, and supply trains, &amp;c., will precede General Hill.

VIII. General Stuart will detach a squadron of cavalry to accompany the commands of Generals Longstreet, Jackson, and McLaws, and, with the main body of the cavalry, will cover the route of the army, bringing up all stragglers that may have been left behind.

IX. The commands of Generals Jackson, McLaws, and Walker, after accomplishing the objects for which they have been detached, will join the main body of the army at Boonsborough or Hagerstown.

X. Each regiment on the march will habitually carry its axes in the regimental ordnance wagons, for use of the men at their encampments, to procure wood, &c.

By command of General R. E. Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,September 10, 1862.

Brigadier-General BRANCH,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that instead of moving at dawn, as hitherto ordered, you will follow General Lawton when he comes up, he being ordered to move at dawn.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. F. PAXTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,September 11, 1862.

General BRANCH:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that Major-General Hill, having been released from arrest, will assume command of his division, and you will turn over to him all instructions received relative to it.

Respectfully,

E. F. PAXTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Hagerstown, Md., September 12, 1862.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

Mr. PRESIDENT: Before crossing the Potomac I considered the advantages of entering Maryland east or west of the Blue Ridge. In either

