HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Hagerstown, September 14, 1862.

Major General LAFAYETTE MCLAWS,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: General Longstreet moves down this morning to occupy to Boonsborough Valley, so as to protect your flank from attacks from forces coming from Frederick, until the operations at Harper's Ferry are finished. I desire your operations there to be pushed on as rapidly as possible, and, if the point is not ultimately taken, so arrange it that your forces my be brought up the Boonsborough Valley. General Stuart, with a portion of General D. H. Hill's forces, holds the gap between Boonsborough and Middletown, and Hampton's and Munford's brigades of cavalry occupy Burkittsville and the pass through the mountains there. If Harper's Ferry should be taken, the road will be open to you to Sharpsburg. Around the mountains from Sharpsburg the road communicates with Boonsborough and Hagerstown.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,September 14, 1862-11.15 p. m.

Major-General MCLAWS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: In addition to what has already been stated in reference to your abandonment of Weverton, and routes you can take, I will mention you might cross the Potomac, below Weverton, into Virginia. I believe there is a ford at the Point of Rocks, and at Berlin below, but do not know whether either is accessible to you. The enemy from Jefferson seem to have forced a passage at Crampton's Gap, which may leave all on the river clear. This portion of the army will take position at Centreville, commonly called Keedysville, 2 1/2 miles from Boonsborough, on the Sharpsburg road, with a view of preventing the enemy that may enter the gap at Boonsborough turnpike from cutting you off, and enabling you to make a junction with it. If you can pass to-night on the river road, by Harper's Ferry, or cross the mountain below Crampton's Gap toward Sharpsburg, let me know. I will be found at or near Centreville, or Keedysville, as it is called.

By order of General Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, September 14, 1862-2 p. m.

General MCLAWS:

GENERAL: At 9 o'clock the road was opened to the top of Kershaw's Height. The road over the last mountain was found to be heavily blockaded, but the position being an admirable one, commanding the position of the enemy, I persevered, and will have the way opened by 3 o'clock this evening.

Respectfully,A. H. MCLAWS,

Major.

