
We have fallen back to this place to enable you more readily to join us. You are desired to withdraw immediately from your position on maryland Heights, and join us here. If you can't get off any other way, you must cross the mountain. The utmost dispatch is required. Should you be able to cross over to harper's Ferry, do so and report immediately.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LONG,

Colonel and Military Secretary.

SHARPSBURG,

September 17, 1862-4.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General PENDLETON,

Commanding Artillery:

GENERAL: I desire you to keep some artillery guarding each of the fords at Williamsport, Falling Wasters, and Sherpherdstown, and have some infantry with it, if possible.

Very respectfully, yours,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,September 17, 1862.

Brigadier-General PENDLETON,

Shepherdstown:

GENERAL: If you have fifteen or twenty guns, suitable for our purpose, which you can spare, the general desires you to send them, with a sufficiency of ammunition. You must not take them from the fords if essential to their safety. Send up the stragglers. Take any cavalry about there and send up at the point of the sword. We want ammunition, guns, and provisions.

Respectfully, you obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-If you have not as many guns as wanted, to spare, send those of long range.

MARTINSBURG, September 17, 1862.

Brigadier General W. N. PENDLETON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I find, on reaching here, that there are only about 30 cavalry and 800 infantry, 400 of whom, I suppose, could be relied on. I have heard nothing of Colonel Harman, although Captain Colston tells me that he has received information that he would be here. A scouting part, sent by General Stuart, reported this evening that there was no enemy between this and Williamsport. I shall go down in the morning with a few infantry and two or three batteries.

I am informed by Captain Colston that he was directed by General Jackson to drive off some of the enemy who were at a bridge across Back Creek. He went with one piece of artillery and the infantry, but found the number of the enemy about 2,000 and returned. They have

