
This valley, on the other hand, it strikes me, can be retained, at least until the coming on of high waters late in the fall, and, if our successes in the East and West continue, perhaps permanently. It is thought that its retention will draw to us from 3,000 to 5,000 recruits for the army, and at the same time the troops of Ohio, to a much larger number than my own, will be detained in my front and prevented from joining the armies of the enemy in the East or the West. In this valley there are large amounts of salt, corn, and coal-oil, which should be either consumed by our armies or carried into the Confederacy. From this base, too, with my cavalry under the efficient leadership of General Jenkins, I think I can reclaim all the western part of the State during the autumn; but if I leave this section and take up my march eastward, the Wheeling government and Northern occupation will at once settle down as I withdraw.

I have telegraphed you this day to send me 5,000 stand of arms, which, I think, will be at once needed to put into the hands of recruits from this section. Be good enough to inform me at once of the policy which I shall be expected to pursue, and keep me frequently advised of the movements of our troops on my easter and western flanks, on which my movements, in my judgment, should be made to depend.

i have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,September 19, 1862.

Brigadier-General PENDLETON,

Shepherdstown, Va.:

GENERAL: The commanding general says that if the enemy is in force in your front you must retire to-night. I font in force, being merely an artillery force, withdraw the infantry forces, directing them to join their respective divisions on the march to-morrow, a few guns and a small cavalry force being sufficient to guard the fords.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMISTEAD'S BRIGADE,September 19, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, PENDLETON'S CORPS:

I have the honor to report that the enemy are moving their forces down the river. They have opened another battery on us, and are bringing up one more. This is reported by Captain Poindexter, picketing immediately in front of my position. The enemy have thrown out skirmishers. I can see their signal flags on the mountain on our right.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. GREGORY HODGES,

Colonel, Commanding Armistead's Brigade.

P. S.-I have sent the Ninth Virginia Regiment, at the request of Colonel Munford, to a ford below. The regiment does not number more than 50 or 60.

