
systematize operations at that point. He will establish a provost guard sufficiently strong to keep perfect order and quiet throughout the neighborhood; organize the commissariat and quartermaster's department, so that all supplies required for the soldiery, and relieving citizens from their importunities, may be issued. All well soldiers and officers who have straggled to the rear, and all recruits, new organizations, and convalescents will be sent forward to this army immediately. As far as practicable, those belonging to the same companies, battalions, or regiments will be kept together; the whole to be sent forward properly rationed for the march under their officers. Rolls of men and officers thus sent forward will accompany each detachment, for the information of these headquarters, and to secure their proper distribution. Hospitals for the sick and wounded will also be provided by securing neighboring barns or buildings sufficiently commodious, and surgeons placed on duty with them. Surgeon Guild, medical director, will, so soon as through with duties connected with removing the sick and wounded to the rear, proceed to Winchester and organize this department for efficient action.

The foregoing requirements will be rigidly enforced, and extreme measures must be adopted to check straggling, as disastrous results will arise from it if not checked.

* * * *

By command of General R. E. Lee:

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Charleston, W. Va., September 21, 1862.

(Received September 29, 1862.)

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I had the honor to write to you on the 19th instant, requesting that I might be furnished with 5,000 stand of arms, and stating that the progress of enlistment was so encouraging I felt confidence in a corresponding increase of my army. I now take the liberty of repeating the request, as I am still more assured of success in recruiting, and as many of the soldiers at present in service are very poorly armed.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Charleston, W. Va., September 22, 1862.

(Received September 29, 1862.)

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The bearer of this communication, Captain John D. Myrick, of my staff, ash been sent to Richmond by me for the purpose of personally urging my request for 5,000 arms for this department, and also to procure funds for the quartermaster's and commissary department, of which they are in need. Captain Myrick is thoroughly acquainted with the position of our forces and with my intended plans of defense in this

