HEADQUARTERS MAJOR-GENERAL MCLAWS' DIVISION,Near Martinsburg, September 22, 1862.

Brigadier-General PENDLETON,

Chief of Artillery:

GENERAL: I have the honor of inclosing an application from Captain Read for a new battery. I cordially indorse the application, and hope some of the guns taken at Harper's Ferry may be turned over to him. This battery is most efficient, has seen much service, and has suffered severely in the late engagement at Sharpsburg. The officers are distinguished for gallantry, efficiency, and courage. The new guns are required in this division, and I think the service will be promoted by granting the application, I respectfully ask that Captain Read's application be granted.

Very respectfully,

H. C. CABELL,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery, Major-General McLaws' Division.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 23, 1862.

Captain Read's battery was very much cut up in the engagement of the 17th instant, losing 20 horsed, killed and wounded, and two guns disabled. He had also 1 officer and 14 men killed and wounded. The conduct of himself, officers, and men was distinguished for daring and coolness, and I hope he will be partially rewarded for his services by having his request granted at the earliest moment. He has a decided claim to a battery which, from Maryland Heights, the key of the position, fired in reverse upon the enemy posted on Bolivar Heights.

Very respectfully,

L. MCLAWS,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP NEAR MARTINSBURG, VA.,

September 22, 1892.

Colonel H. C. CABELL,

Chief of Artillery:

COLONEL: I am desirous of placing my battery in complete condition, and therefore request that you will give me a new battery. I have had two guns much damaged by recent engagements in the battle of the 17th. I now have but one rifled gun and one howitzer, with harness in bad order. Can you not procure for me a battery of the guns taken at Harper's Ferry? By doing so you will, in my opinion, be doing a service to our country.

Respectfully,

J. P. W. READ,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

[Indorsement.]

I most earnestly recommend the within application, and trust it may be granted.

J. B. KERSHAW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

