
different States, they would add greatly to our strength. Our stragglers are being daily collected, and that is one of the reasons of my being now stationary. How long they will remain with us, or when they will again disappear, it is impossible for me to say.

The enemy, since he was repulsed in his attempt on the morning of the 20th to cross the Potomac below Shepherdstown, has been quiet. General Fitz John Porter's corps, I understand, is stationed on the Maryland side of that ford, but the great bulk of his army is within our observation at Williamsport. Two regiments of infantry, I learn from Colonel Munford, who is observing the fords near Harper's Ferry, have crossed the river at that point; their object is not yet known. I am endeavoring to have the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad destroyed as far as it is within our reach. We have plenty of beef and flour for our troops, hay for our horses, and some grain. I hope every effort is being made by the War department to collect conscripts from those counties in Virginia now within our control. No time should be lost in effecting this purpose.

It is also important that such stores as may be needed for future use should be collected by the Commissary Department. If a supply of hard bread could be sent in such manner as to reach us in good condition, it would be of great service; but its transportation in such barrels as are now used from Culpeper Court-House to the army would be hazardous. I observe that the enemy pack their hard bread in small, light boxes, by means of which more can be carried in a wagon than in barrels. I recommend that similar boxes be used for the transportation of our bread.

I am, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Camp on the Opequon, September 23, 1862.

Brigadier-General PENDLETON, Reserve Artillery:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Lee to say that maj. General A. P. Hill has reported that the batteries of Captains Pegram and Fleet were broken up after the recent battle at Sharpsburg, and the men and horses distributed amongst other batteries. General Hill reports most favorably on these two officers and their companies, and wishes to have the batteries refitted and ordered to report to him. General Lee suggests that it might be done better to break up some other companies and complete these than to interfere with their organization. General Hill also desires that the maryland battery of Captain Dement be ordered to report to him, and the commanding general refers the matter for your report.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Near Martinsburg, September 23, 1862.

Brigadier General W. N. PENDLETON,

Commanding Reserve Artillery:

GENERAL: Please make inquiries at once into the position and capacity of the woolen manufactories in the counties mentioned. I have heard of but one, which I have directed to be taken care of. I will speak to

