
very mischievous in their efforts to absorb the troops belonging to my army, every man of whom is now valuable beyond estimation in holding, this frontier. It would be of great public utility if the State Line could be turned over to the Regular Army, or in some other way be made useful. The inclosed letter and others like it sent to you are striking commentaries on the grossly libelous message of the Governor. I think the officers of the State Line resort to the allurements of one yard's service in contrast with the service in contrast with the service of three years in our army to induce men belonging to us by law to join the former.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

PEYTONA, W. VA., September 19, 1862.

Colonel FITZHUGH:

DEAR SIR: I was sent out with a scouting party and went through my old county. I put up the proclamations of General Loring, and the citizens are coming in, giving up their guns, and say they are willing to take the oath to the Southern Confederacy. I had no authority to protect them. Some of Floyd's guerrilla banks are through the country, taking the citizens and stealing every horse they can lay their hands on. I would like very much to be appointed to raise some men here to fill up my company and try to get the people satisfied and get their allegiance. If you can have me appointed to raise men, I will be much obliged to you. Floyd's men are taking all the conscripts, and have 8 men who deserted from my company. Hoping that you may be able to get me appointed, and allow me the privilege of 1 lieutenant and 10 of my company to keep peace and get some men to join me, I believe I can get 150 men if I have the chance.

Respectfully, yours, truly,

JAMES W. MCSHERRY,

Captain Company B, Thirty-sixth Virginia Regiment.

P. S.-Lieutenant S. Thompson, of this country, belongs to my company, knows the people, and can do a good deal toward helping collect men, and also will get to see his relations.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Charleston, W. Va., September 19, 1862.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War. It will be observed that the people are disposed to come to the service under mild treatment. General Floyd's State Line troops, it seems, are oppressing the people of Boone County. The general should at once restrain these organizations or disband them.

Respectfully,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 201. September 26, 1862.

* * * *

II. The army will change its position to-morrow morning, commencing its march at daybreak. The right wing, under General Longstreet,

