
will pass beyond Mill Creek and encamp on the waters flowing into the Opequon, extending as high, if necessary, as Lick River or the Red Bud.

III. The left wing, under General Jackson, will halt on Mill Creek, or in that vicinity, closing upon General Longstreet as far as the nature of the ground will admit.

IV. Staff officers from each command will be sent forward at once to select encampments convenient to wood and water. The troops will be moved on parallel roads, as far as practicable, the column being kept well closed.

V. The cavalry will continue in observation on the river front as usual

* * * * *

VII. The exigencies of the service require that the batteries of artillery commanded by Captains Carpenter and Cutshaw shall be temporarily unite. Captain Carpenter will take command of the companies thus united. The batteries of Captain Wooding and Rice shall also be united, under the command of Captain Wooding. Lieutenants [B. F.] Brinker and [Jacob] marks, of Captain Cutshaw's battery, and Lieutenants [J. R.] Dickenson and [J. Q.] adams, of Captain Wooding's battery, will report for duty to Major General T. J. Jackson. In case their services are not required by him, he will direct them to report to the Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army, Richmond, va. Four guns will be allowed each battery, and the others will be turned over to General Pendletown, who will make the proper disposition of them.

VIII. It does not appear to be generally understood by commanders of companies that they are responsible for the arms and accouterments issued to their men, and unless such as amy be lost are charged to the men on their muster-rolls, the amounts will be deducted from their own pay. Commanders of regiments will notify their officers of their responsibility, and hold them accountable.

* * * * *

By command of General R. E. Lee:

[R. H. CHILTON,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., September 27, 1862.

Major PAXTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: General Steuart has relieved my cavalry in Winchester, and I am operating now in the country in every direction. In a scout upon the Poughtown road yesterday I brought in 150 stragglers, found loafing at the various farm-houses. To-day I sent to Clarke Country, to Pughtown, toward Romney, toward Front Royal, and expect to make a sweep, as the country is full of stragglers. I have sent back already 5,000 or 6,000. The provost guard was of no assistance, and little was doing. The labor has been constant, but I hope it has been repaid by a gratifying increase in the army. The number of officers back here was most astonishing. After due notice, I ordered the cavalry to arrest and bring to the rendezvous all officers, as well as men, found in the rear without proper leave. It created quite a stampede in the direction of the army.

I hope to clear the rear sufficiently by Monday to enable me to return to my command. There are about 1,200 barefooted men here. I am

