
HANCOCK STATION, [MD.]

October 10, 1862-8 p. m.

General MARCY:

Your dispatch of this date has been received. * I have sent my

cavalry on the Cove road, near the Pennsylvania line, to picket the road, so that when the rebels attempt to return I will be apprised of it at once, I have my division loaded aboard the in this place, so that when I receive information of an attempt to cross at any particular place I can throw my whole force on the point at once.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 10, 1862-11. 25 p. m.

General George Crook,

Commanding Division, Hancock Station:

Your dispatch of 8 p. m. received. You will please remain in your presents position, with your command ready to intercept the rebels, should they attempt to return anywhere in your vicinity, or above, where you can reach them by rail. Keep your scouts well on the alert, so that they may give you timely information of any approach of the enemy, and report to these headquarters everything important you learn.

Pleasonton's cavalry, a division of Franklin's corps, and Averell's cavalry (now at Green Spring) have been ordered out after the rebels, and it is expected they will not be allowed to get back unharmed.

It is said that the force of the rebels consists of four regiments of cavalry and four pieces of artillery.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 10, 1862-12.30 p. m.

Major General WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN, Hagerstown:

The division ordered to Hancock must march without knapsacks, and

with three day's rations in haversacks. Fifteen thousand rations have been ordered to Hancock from Cumberland, for the use of your division after its arrival.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

HAGERSTOWN, MD., October 10, 1862.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff:

General Brooks has communicated to you General Kenly's reports. He has sent a cavalry force to communicate with Cox, who must be near

Clear Spring this morning. Any orders for my command will reach me sooner by being sent here than by any other channel.

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General.

---------------

* Probably Marcy to Brooks, 4 p. m., p. 61

---------------

