
satisfied that a large number throw away their shoes in order to remain. If barefooted men are permitted to remain here, the number will continue to increase. This should, if possible, be remedied.

Very respectfully,

J. R. JONES,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,September 29, 1862.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War, for his information.

R. E. LEE,

General.

CAMP LEE, HARDY COUNTY, W. VA.,

September 27, 1862. (Received October 2, 1862.)

Brigadier General THOMAS J. JACKSON:

GENERAL: I was much gratified at the receipt of your of the 23d,* by Mr. Neall, as it once more brigs me in direct communication with you. Your wishes as to Mr. neall shall be fully carried out.

My last letter to you from Cheat Mountain advised you of my almost successful attempt to destroy the Cheat River Bridge, which was frustrated by a Union woman riding 25 miles through the woods to alarm the enemy, and give General Kelley time to throw a force of five times my own in my front at Cheat River Bridge. I also informed you of my co-operation with General Jenkins, enabling him to gen in the rear of Kelley, and make his brilliant north west dash without pursuit. I then came back from Randolph, through Pocahontas into Highland, where I was joined by several hundred recruits. I then set out with upward of 400 men to capture Romney. I crossed the Shenandoah Mountain at Brock's Gap, and came down Lost River very secretly, and made a night march on Romney, getting within 5 miles before midnight, when I ascertained the enemy had evacuated the place that evening. Unfortunately, 3 soldiers from Winchester, escorting some ladies under a flag of truce, got to Romney the day before. They were wild young fellows, and talked so confidently that Romney would be taken in a day or two, that the commanding officer took fright, telegraphed General Kelly for permission to fall back to the railroad, got it, and left about twelve hours too soon for me. I occupied the place two days, scouted toward the railroad, drew a party of the enemy to Romney by moving out with my whole command 2 miles, as if in retreat, in the night. I ambushed the road below town, and, as I expected, their cavalry came along. We unhorsed 15 of the rascals, wounding several, captured 2 unhurt, 8 good fatally several horses that we did not take away. The nest day the commanding officer at Spring River sent a flag of truce to get his wounded and dead. As the skirmish occurred just at dark, and near wounded and dead. As the skirmish occurred just at dark, and near the woods, they carried off their dead, if any were killed. They reported their lieutenant dead.

I have about 900 men; only about 600 are armed. As all my wagons and stores were in Highland, I sent for them and moved up the river last week to this point. I have kept Kelley running up and down the railroad with troops for ten days. He has about 2,500 men in all from

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

