HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Charleston, W. Va., September 28, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I deem it proper to inform you that, by my latest information, the enemy, is about 10,000 strong, in front of and near Point Pleasant, and though General Kelley is reported to have gone from Beverly to Cumberland, yet a force of 2,500 is at the same time reported to be at Clarksburg, on the railroad. On account of leaving forces to guard Gauley Bridge, Fayette Court-House, and other prominent points in my rear, my available force here is now only a little more than 4,000. By glancing at the map you will see that I am 54 miles from Point Pleasant and 36 miles from Gauley, while the enemy at Clarksburg is 90 miles from the latter place. He may, therefore, come on me in front and rear at the same time, and, especially if the waters rise and give access to gunboats, I may be driven from the country.

Though the prospect of recruiting was flattering, yet the circulation of Cincinnati newspapers, and doubt which their falsehoods have inculcated of our continued success in Maryland and in front of Cincinnati, leading to conclusions that I cannot hold the country, together with the conduct of the State Line, have much delayed and restrained my efforts in this direction. Under these circumstance, I must urgently request that I be at once re-enforced with 5,000 infantry and a corresponding artillery force, by whose prompt arrival I may be enabled to retain the magnificent advantages to the public of the acquisition of this country. The most abundant supplies lie near the mouth of this river, and the re-enforcements asked for will enable me to drive the enemy away and get them.

Yesterday General Jenkins had an affair with the enemy 22 miles this side of Point Pleasant in making efforts to get these supplies, in which, I am glad to say, he was successful, and drove the enemy back.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,On Washington Run, Va., September 29, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I write to you in regard to a difficulty which occurred in the contested districts of Virginia with regard to Confederate money. Whatever is required for the use of the army (food, clothing, shoes, and forage), I cause to be purchased from the citizens, whether they are willing to sell or not, and for payment to be made in Confederate notes. Now, there are capitalists in the country, and persons, perhaps, inimical to us, who refuse to take from the planters and farmers who furnish our army with subsistence, Confederate notes in payment of their debts. Is there any mode of providing for this difficulty? Could we not, in these contested districts of the Confederacy, make Confederate money a legal tender in the payment of debts, and thus prevent the attempt to depreciate it on the part of men inimical to our cause?

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

