
Respectfully submitted to the President. We have no power to make Confederate money a legal tender, but the refusal to take it in the districts occupied by the army might be considered as evidence of hostility, and punished accordingly. Shall I so instruct General Lee?

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

It would be well to make a distinction against persons discrediting the Government notes.

J. D.

Write to General Lee that the Executive has no power to make Confederate money a legal tender between individuals. Government supplies may be impressed and paid for in Confederate money, and if individuals in the theater of operation discredit the Government note, they may be considered as hostile to the Government, and my be arrested and removed from the vicinity of the army.

G. W. R.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Near Winchester, Va., September 30, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. STEUART,

Winchester, Va.:

GENERAL: In connection with the duties to which you are now assigned, you will superintend the organization of such men and troops as may join us from Maryland. Their organization must conform in all respects to that of the Provisional Army of the Confederate States. The minimum prescribed by law for the different arms is 60 privates for cavalry, 64 for infantry, and 80 for artillery for each company, and ten companies for a regiment. If independent companies are organized into regiments or battalions are raised under authority given to individuals, the field officers must be elected. The muster-rolls must in every case be forwarded as quickly as possible to the War Department, in order that commissions may be issued and staff officers appointed. The term of enlistment must be for three years or for the war, and the proportion of the different arms will be in accordance with that prescribed for the general service.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Camp near Winchester, Va., September 30, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Your letter* of the 10th instant was presented to me on yesterday by General George H. Steuart. I regret that the stay of the army

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

