
in Maryland was so short as to prevent our receiving the aid I had expected from that State. Some few recruits joined us, and others are finding their way across the river to our lines. In conformity to your letter, I have directed General Steuart, in addition to the duties to which he is now assigned, as commanding officer at Winchester, to superintend their organization, which will in all respects conform to that of the Confederate States. I have directed the chief quartermaster, Colonel Corley, to purchase all the cloth, leather, shed, &amp;c., that can be found in this country. Some little addition to our stock has thus been gained. They is said to be much flannel in this region, but Colonel Corley is under the impression that it is not required for the army. If it is, please let me know. I am daily expecting the arrival of some shoes, which will be a

great relief, but not sufficient for the wants of the army.

I have the honor to be, with high respect, your obedient servant.

R. E. LEE.

General.

CULPEPER, VA., September 30, 1862.

General GEORGE W. RANDOLPH:

The bridge over Rappahannock River will be completed to-morrow, and I shall be ready to receive on the part of our company four of the captured engines brought from Manassas, which have been selected according to terms agreed with you on this subject some time since at an interview which General G. W. Smith attended in you office. Please send me authority to take charge of said engines and carry them to our shops at Lynchburg, where your agent can attend and fix prices.

J. S. BARBOUR,

President Orange and alexandria Railroad Company.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., September 30, 1862.

Major General W. W. LORING,

Commanding Army of Western Virginia:

GENERAL: I congratulate you on the success which has attended your operations so far, and beg you to assure the officers and men of your command that the important service rended by them is fully appreciated by the President.

The first object of the campaign (the recovery of the Kanawha Valley) being now accomplished, you will adopt measures for its defense, and proceed with as little delay as possible to pursue the plan of operations already indicated. Your first object will be to injure and break up the insurrectionary government in Northwestern Virginia, and then to effect a junction with General Lee. You must necessarily be invested with a large discretion as to the means of effecting these objects, and the Department can do nothing more than indicate in a general way what appears to be the best route for you to take.

After remaining long enough to recruit you army, and to determine upon the best disposition to be made for the defense of the Kanawha Valley, you will leave a sufficient force for that purpose, with instructions for it to co-operate with General Floyd, and proceed with the rest

