HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 10, 1862-9 p. m.

Major-General FRANKLIN,

Commanding Sixth Corps, Hagerstown, Md.:

The commanding general directs you to send out one division toward Chambersburg, on the Hagerstown road, or in such other direction as will best intercept the rebels.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

P. S.-Communicate frequently with these headquarters.

R. B. M.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OCTOBER 10, 1862-1 p. m.

General B. F. KELLEY, Cumberland:

If you have sent troops to Paw, as ordered in my dispatch of 10 a. m. to-day, you need not withdraw them to send to Hancock, in consequence of my dispatch of 12.30 p. m., but will hold them in readiness to move there, or elsewhere, as may be needed. The commanding general authorizes you to act according to the information you may receive of the enemy's movements, and to make such further dispositions of your troops as may, in your judgment, be required. It is highly important that the rebels should be prevented from doing further damage to the railroad.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 10, 1862-4 p. m.

General KELLEY,

Commanding at Cumberland:

It is said that a force of the enemy has crossed the Potomac this morning near Clear Spring, and has gone toward Little cove, in Bedford Country. Please communicate this to General Averell, and tell him the commanding general wishes him to march down the river at once, after leaving a sufficient force to guard the railroad, and to get on the trail of the rebels and follow them up as rapidly as possible. General Cox, with a division of infantry, is also marching toward Hancock, who will co-operate with General Averell.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

HARRISBURG, PA., October 10, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I am just informed that a body of rebel cavalry have occupied Mercersburg, said to be 3,000 strong. They have cut the telegraph wires, and are thought are thought to be advancing on Chambersburg. The Anderson Cavalry are at Carlisle, and we have 2,500 cavalry unarmed, none of them mounted. Will you not order Anderson Cavalry up to Chambersburg, and send arms for them here? The rebels have taken all property they could move, but have not taken life.

A. G. CURTIN.

