HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Camp on Washington Run, Va., October 1, 1862.

Major General THOMAS J. JACKSON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have received the letter of General D. H. Hill of the 26th instant [ultimo] which you forwarded to me. Transportation allowed to this army was fixed at three four-horse wagons for division headquarters, two ditto for brigade headquarters, and for each regiment one wagon for regimental headquarters, one for hospital, medical stores, &c., one for regimental ordnance wagon, and one wagon for every 100 men in the regiment. This allowance was fixed by my order, and not by the chief quartermaster, as General Hill supposes. This allowance can in no case be exceeded, and must be diminished as necessity requires. Subsequently, as you are aware, to provide flour for the army, three wagons had to be taken from each regiment. Those not used for that purpose now are employed in hauling to Staunton arms, &c. I have directed that they be restored as soon as the emergency passes if sufficient wagons can be obtained for the purpose. In reference to General Hill's complaint, I have had an examination made of his transportation, a report* of which I send you. You will perceive, in addition to the three wagons attached to his headquarters, there are three others, equivalent to two four-horse wagons; that each regiment in each brigade has six wagons and each brigade headquarters two. From inspection, I should judge that all the regiments would not average much over 300 men each. In addition, his division ordnance train consists of 22 wagons, his division commissary train of 20, and his division forage train of 10. This is as much as our means will allow, and I think that with care and attention they will furnish comfortable transportation for his division.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Camp near Winchester, Va., October 1, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have nothing to report as regards the movements of either army this morning. From such information as I receive, I infer that the main body of the Federal Army is lying in the vicinity of Sharpsburg, extending toward hagerstown. General Sumner's corps is at harper's Ferry. The brigades over the Potomac are not yet completed, two spans only of the five of the railroad bridge being finished. It is said that block-houses are being constructed on Loudoun Heights, and that the Maryland Heights are occupied by a strong force. I think it probable that as yet General McClellan is only able to procure supplies for his army from day to day, and that he is employing the time in recuperating his army from the effects of the recent battles. Should they determine to advance into Virginia by the Shenandoah Valley, their great object will be to destroy the Virginia Central Railroad, upon which they think we depend for our supplies. I have written to General G. W. Smith on this subject.

Colonel Munford, with his cavalry, is at Leesburg, and reports no

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

41 R R-VOL XIX, PT II

