
movement of the enemy in that quarter, and Colonel Chambliss, with the Thirteenth Virginia Cavalry, is at Warrenton Junction. I hope they will be able to check any movement toward the Rappahannock.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,October 1, 1862.

Brigadier-General PENDLETON,

Chief of Artillery, Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: I am desired to say that Major Moore's battalion of artillery has been reported by General McLaws as being unfit for service in the field. General McLaws has, therefore, been directed to order Major Moore to report to you with his battalion. it is desired that you will take such measures as may be most effective in bringing up this artillery and rendering it fit for service. it is understood that this battalion has two or more old pattern guns (very heavy). The general commanding wishes these to be exchanged for lighter guns, if you can do so, having the heavy ones sent to the rear.

A. L. LONG,

Colonel, Military Secretary.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

Numbers 115. October 1, 1862.

* * * *

II. The general commanding desires to impress upon all officers in charge of horses of the army the urgent necessity of energetic and unwearied care of their animals, and of preventing their neglect and abuse. officers in charge of wagon-trains will be held to a rigid accountability for permitting their teams to be overdrive, misused, or neglected. Division quartermasters and commissaries will report all instances of the kind in trains under their charge.

III. Artillery horses especially must be kept in good condition. To this end the chief of artillery will personally supervise all the reserve, and see that all instances of neglect are corrected, by penalty when deserved, and by suitable provisions when the evil has resulted from necessity. He will cause every practicable arrangement to be made for supplying the horses of his command with sufficient and suitable food, sparing no effort or reasonable expense.

IV. Division commanders are reminded of their responsibility for the condition of their artillery, and especially of its horses. On the march they will see that halting places are selected for their batteries where water and food can be obtained. They will charge their chiefs of artillery to secure, by rigid personal attention, adequate supplies of forage from the quartermasters to whom that duty is committed. They will see that, when in the vicinity of the enemy, every possible opportunity is improved for resting, watering, and feeding their horses. When the army is quiet, division artillery will be diligently cared for by division commanders and their chiefs of artillery. Their batteries must be kept under control, and not allowed to scatter at will. If scarcity of forage renders impracticable a full supply for the horses retained with divisions,

