
though these companies have rendered distinguished service, and are, i believe, efficiently officered, they have not men enough for more than two companies; nor is there even a remote prospect of recruiting them unless men be assigned them from other States. This, it appears, cannot be done without violating alike the rule of proportion for State quotas, the proper preference of State troops, and the legal provision which prohibits the mingling of citizens of different States in the same military organization. In the Louisiana Washington Artillery I find now no temporary duty, detailed at Leesburg when the army was about to cross into Maryland, 32 Virginians, 5 belonging to Captain Leake's artillery company and 27 to Captain Anderson's. These should be at once returned to their own commands. Deducting these, there remains in the four companies of Colonel Walton's battalion (Washington Artillery) only 227 men present and absent, and present for duty only 212. As at present organized in four batteries, they require for sixteen guns a battery forge and battery wagon, and three wagons to a company, a constant supply of 310 horses. I consolidated as recommended, the twelve guns, battery forge, and wagon, and three wagons to a company, would require only about 210 horses, thus saving the constant drain of 100 horses, while the two companies resulting must, it is believed, be more efficient that the four can possibly be without additional men. With regard to disposition of officers, reference to Colonel Walton for his judgment of the subject is respectfully suggested.

2d. That the ten companies of colonel Brown's artillery regiment (First Regiment Virginia Artillery) be consolidated into six, thus: By disbanding Captain [J. W.] Wyatt's company, now in Richmond or Petersburg, because of inefficiency of officers, and assigning the men to Colonel Brown for distribution among his retained companies; by allowing Captain [E. R.] Young, originally detached from infantry, and a good officer, though unskilled in artillery, to take his company, now in Richmond or Petersburg, back to infantry, if he and they prefer, or, of they wish still to serve as artillery, to relieve the officers and assign the men to Colonel Brown for distribution among his retained companies; by relieving the officers of Captain [J. A.] Coke's company (present with this army), the captain, though entitled to credit for service, zeal, and many excellent qualities, not having all the requisites for efficiency, and many excellent qualities, not having all the requisites for efficiency, and assigning the men, as in the other cases, to Colonel Brown for distribution; and by relieving in like manner the officers of Captain [W. B.] Ritter's battery, still in Richmond or Petersburg, Captain Ritter being in bad health, and only one lieutenant apparently efficient, and assigning the men to Colonel Brown for distribution. First Lieutenant [William] Thurmond, of Wyatt's battery; First Lieutenant [S. H.] Pendleton, of Coke's battery; First Lieutenant [W. H.] Robertson, of Ritter's and Second Lieutenant [S. H.] Hawes, of Coke's, are five officers who should by all means be retained if these consolidations be ordered.

3d. That the four companies of Major [H. P.] Jones' battalion be consolidated into two, thus: By relieving the officers of Captain [A.] Wimbish's battery as not efficient, however otherwise worthy, and assign the men to Major Jones for distribution among his two companies retained; also by relieving the officers of Turner's battery, and assigning the men to Major Jones for distribution in like manner; that Captain Peyton be dropped for continual absence and unfitness for command, and First Lieutenant [C. W.] Fry, an admirable officer, become a captain of one of the companies retained; Lieutenant W. A. Deas be assigned to it as first lieutenant; Acting Lieutenant [W. A.] massier be appointed junior first lieutenant, and Lieutenant [S. H.] Haws be assigned as second lieutenant;

