
direction of the commanding general for supplying four batteries, thus sent to the rear men and horses needed for the full efficiency of those sent forward. Eleven of its horses had been detached by the division chief of artillery. Lieutenant Hardy called on me to report and complain that he was thus detained, and when informed that he must submit, under the rules prescribed by the commanding general bore himself with strangely improper violence, stalking out of the room where I was and slamming the door, and gate even, furiously. Passing over this, I the next day directed a detail of men and horses to be borrowed from the battery and assigned to two or three other batteries about to proceed into Maryland. The officer to whom it was committed returned and reported that Lieutenant Hardy refused compliance. Although extremely unwell, I immediately rode to the camp, and handing the order to Lieutenant Hardy, asked if the refused to obey. He promptly replied that he did refuse. It was then presented to each of the other lieutenants with the same result. They were immediately placed under arrest, and the refusal in the presence of the men being really mutinous, they were sent under guard to a distance part of the camp. An officer near was then pointed out as the captain. He informed me that he was under arrest by General Jackson. The orderly sergeant was then called for; the company had none, nor any sergeant. No roll of the company could be produced. I had the company formed. Some 50 men appeared, nearly half of whom complained of being sick. I had them examined by my surgeon. He excused about four. The men then presented a number of requests and complaints. Many had been in service for seven months without a cent of pay, and bounty due had never been paid. No pay-roll or descriptive-lists could be found. I examined the horses; they were in wretched condition, and, finally, 46 men, some volunteering for the purpose, were borrowed and assigned to Captain Woolfolk, now with Colonel S. D. Lee; to Cap. M. Johnson, now with General Gregg, and to Captain Ancell, now with Major Nelson. A few horses were also borrowed.

On receiving notice a day or two ago that General A. P. Hill thought highly of this battery and wished it restored, I notified Major Richardson that the battery should prepare to move forward as soon as possible; that the lieutenants, if suitably atoning to violated discipline by a proper acknowledgment, should be released, and the battery coming forward would receive its borrowed men at once and occupy its old position; otherwise the delay of a trial must occur. The replied, defending their course. Their note was pronounced unsatisfactory, and a new opportunity given. They again while disclaiming personal disrespect, maintained that their disobedience was a necessity. Their note was returned and a third opportunity given. Further answer they decline. The case, therefore, must await a court-martial. Charges shall be immediately submitted.

The commanding general will judge whether the principles first announced warrant the continuance, of this battery, or require its being merged like those before mentioned. If the battery be thus distributed, I would recommend that its men, heretofore temporarily assigned, remain where they are, and that the remainder be assigned to Captain M. Johnson, horses being turned over to the quartermaster and guns to the ordnance department. In all these cases, companies to which the men are assigned to have choice of the guns in the battery merged, and all public property in the latter not assigned to be turned over to the proper department. To insure the speedy and proper consummation of these

