
measures, I recommend the appointment by the chief of artillery of two or more officers, who shall supervise the whole process.

The changes thus proposed involve a reduction of eighteen batteries now with this army, besides two already consolidated in what was General Jackson's division. The entire number with the army is seventy-two, so that we do not get rid of quite one-third, and leave over fifty batteries for service.

There are one or two not embraced in the foregoing recommendation, which yet are not in condition to take the field: Captain [J. W.] Boundurant's (Jeff. Davis Artillery, from Alabama), and admirable battery, that has rendered eminent service; but he is its life; without him it is inefficient, and he is now absent, sick. It must, therefore, remain with Major Richardson, in the rear. And Captain Stribling's - a battery had has perhaps surpassed all, in one instance of successful daring in the second affair at Malvern, besides honorable service on other occasions; also admirably officered, and likely to be resupplied with men and horses under efforts now making by the captain - although reduced, therefore, should, I think, be retained in the rear and reinvigorated for good service in the future.

Asking indulgence for the unavoidable prolixity of this report, and trusting that the measures proposed may be speedily consummated for the relief and greater, efficiency of the service, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

[Inclosure No. 2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE NORTHERN VIRGINIA,No. 209. October 4, 1862.

I. The necessity of the service requires an immediate reorganization of the artillery of this army. The combination of the companies hereafter named is to be considered temporary and subject to the order of the Secretary of War. Their selection has been made entirely with a view of the efficiency of the artillery, and implies no blame or degradation to the batteries thus combined. Many of the batteries have served with distinction, and their enfeebled condition is attributable to the dangers and hardships they have encountered. Whenever circumstances will permit, the batteries will again be restored.

II. Colonel Walton, of the Louisiana Washington Artillery, will retain one section of Captain Miller's battery, with the best guns and horses of that company, and turn over the rejected guns, horses, &amp;c., to the proper departments. The me of Captain Leake's battery and those of Captain Anderson's are relieved from duty with the Louisiana Washington Artillery, and will be at once returned to their proper companies.

III. The ten companies of the First Regiment Virginia Artillery, Colonel Brown, will be formed into six. The officers of the batteries of Captains Wyatt, Coke, and Ritter - except First Lieutenant Thurmond, of Wyatt's; First Lieutenant Robertson, of Ritter's; First Lieutenant Pendleton and Second Lieutenant Hawes, of Coke's batteries - are relived from duty with their companies, and the men of those batteries will be distributed by Colonel Brown among the retained companies. Captain Young's company, originally belonging to the infantry, will be returned to that arm of the service if it is preferred. Should they wish to continue in the artillery, the officers will be relieved from duty and

