
the men distributed by Colonel Brown among the retained companies of his regiment.

IV. The four companies of Major Jones' battalion will be formed into two. The officers of Captains Wimbish's and Turner's batteries are relieved from duty with their companies, and the men will be distributed by Major Jones among the retained companies. Captain Peyton is relieved from duty with his company, and First Lieutenant Fry will assume command of it. Lieutenant W. A. Deas is assigned to duty as first lieutenant; Acting Lieutenant Massie is assigned as junior first lieutenant, and Lieutenant Hawas is assigned as second lieutenant, of said battery. First Lieutenant John L. Grubbs, of Captain Page's battery, is also relieved from duty with his company.

V. The four companies constituting Lieutenant-Colonel Cutt's battalion will be formed into three. The officers of Captain Blackshear's battery are relieved from duty with the company, and the men will be distributed as follows: Twenty-two of Captain Ross, 29 to Captain Lane, and the remainder to Captain Patterson.

VI. The four companies of Major Nelson's battalion will be formed into three. The officers of Captain Ancell's battery are relieved from duty with the company, and the men will be assigned to the two other Virginia companies in suitable proportions, as Major Nelson may direct. Captain Huckstep and Second Lieutenant Poats are relieved from duty with their company, and First. Lieutenant [John] Livingston Massie is assigned to its command. Lieutenant Ancell is retained as first lieutenant of this battery. First Lieutenant Maddox, heretofore attached to Captain Blackshear's battery, is attacked, with his section, to Captain Milledge's battery. Lieutenant Maddox will be the senior first lieutenant of the battery, Lieutenant Rogers the junior first lieutenant, and Acting Lieutenant Falligant, of Lieutenant-Colonel Cutts' battalion, is transferred to Milledge's battery as senior second lieutenant.

VII. The three companies of Major Saunders' battalion will be formed into two. The officers of Thompson's battery (late Grimes') are relieved from duty with the company, and the men will be distributed by Major Saunders between Moorman's and Huger's batteries.

VIII. The officers of Captain Lloyd's battery are relieved from duty with the company, and 55 of the men will be assigned to Captain Manly's battery, General McLaws' division, and the remainder to Captain Reily, of General Hood's division.

IX. The officers of Captain Chapman's battery, of General Featherston's brigade, are relieved from duty with their company. The men and horses will be assigned to Captain Pegram's battery.

X. The officers of Captain Brown's battery, Wise Artillery, are relieved from duty, and the men and horses are assigned to Colonel S. D. Lee's battalion.

XI. The officers of Captain G. Washington Nelson's battery are relieved from duty with their company; 20 of his men will be assigned to Captain Kirkpatrick's company, Major Nelson's battalion, and 40 to Captain Woolfolk's battery, Colonel S. D. Lee's battalion.

XII. The officers of Captain John R. Johnson's battery are relieved from duty with the company, and the men will be equally divided between Captain Dearing's and Captain Stribling's companies.

XIII. The officers of Captain Rogers' battery, Loudoun Artillery, are relieved from duth with the company. The men and horses will be assigned to Captain Stribling's battery.

XIV. The officers of Captain Anderson's battery, Thomas Artillery, except the two senior lieutenants, are relieved from duth with the company.

