
The men and horses and the two senior lieutenants are assigned to Captain Caskie's battery.

XV. The officers of Captain Leake's battery are relieved from duty with the company. The men and horses are assigned to Captain Thomas H. Carter's battery.

XVI. The officers of Captain Thomas Jefferson Page's [jr.] battery are relieved from duty with the company. The men and horses will be distributed among the Virginia companies under Colonel S. D. Lee, to whom Captain Page and Lieutenant Magruder will report for duty.

XVII. The officers of Captain Fleet's battery, Middlesex Artillery, are relieved from duty with the company. The men heretofore temporarily assigned will remain with the batteries where they are now serving. The remainder of the men will be assigned to Captain M. Johnson's battery.

XVIII. To insure the speedy and proper reorganization of the artillery as ordered, the chief of artillery will direct Colonels Brown and S. D. Lee to assist him in the execution of this orders, and will assign to such companies as may not have their complement of officers such of those hereby relieved from duty as he may deem necessary.

XIX. In every case the best guns, horses, and equipments will be selected for the batteries retained in service. All surplus horses will be turned over to the chief quartermaster of the army, and all rejected guns, equipments, &amp;c., to the ordnance department. The guns, &c., will be forwarded to Staunton without delay.

* * * * * *

XXV. A board of survey, to consist of Major General J. E. B. Stuart, Lieutenant Colonel J. L. Corley, chief quartermaster, and Lieutenant Colonel R. G. Cole, chief commissary, will assemble this evening at 5 o'clock to assess the value of the horses equipments captured from General Philip Kearny, U. S. Army.

By command of General R. E. Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., October 6, 1862.

Brigadier-General STEUART, Winchester, Va.:

Inform General Lee that the enemy have taken the batteries on the Saint John's River, East Florida, and that Governor Milton wishes the Florida regiments, or some of them, returned, if possible. If they are so reduced as to be unserviceable, they might return home to recruit. I promised to communicate the Governor's wishes to the general.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE NORTHERN VIRGINIA, October 6, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: In view of the probability of the movements of the army, which would render it inconvenient to return the horses equipments and sword of the late General Kearny to his widow, in accordance with her request, as communicated to you in my letter of the 4th instant, I have caused those articles to be sent within the enemy's lines, to be forwarded to Mrs.

