
I do not think that much weight should be given to the information which it conveys. I can learn of no troops embarking from Alexandria, or that more vessels are there than usual.

Re-enforcements have, I believe, been sent to Norfolk, but it was done in expectation of an attack by you, supported by the Richmond. Nor have I learned of any advance toward the Rappahannock, except by the enemy's cavalry, led by traitors for the sake of plunder, and the capture of our sick and wounded and stragglers. Sigel is in the vicinity of Centreville, and, I should judge, does not feel himself to be very strong. Heintzelman is said to be in supporting distance but I am not certain that he is south of the Potomac. The rest of General McClellan's army, filled almost to bursting with new recruits and regiments, are on the Upper Potomac. I do not think he is able to make any move yet, though his army is said to have been increased by 80,000 or 100,000 men since the battle of Sharpsburg. He is engaged in clothing, arming, and instructing them. As long as he can be kept there, he will have less time this for field operations. We are subsisting upon a country which hitherto has furnished supplies to the enemy, and gathering beeves, horses, and men from Hampshire and Hardy, damaging the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and forcing them to send their active troops westward. As soon I can learn that the enemy is moving east, I shall be ready, but I see nothing of it now.

I recommended you to work at them, and thus have a reserve Richmond, to place officers to work at them, and thus have a reserve force. The deranged officers of artillery this army, the invalids, wounded, and the idle can be sent at this work. Captain Adkins, now without employment, and Captain Gordon, both from Great Britain (the latter recently arrived here from the Secretary of War), I should think might be usefully employed. We must work very hard to resist the flood will be sufficient to complete the works around Richmond. I am glad that the engines and cars have been secure. I think the troops you have placed will be able to hold the line of the Rappahannock for a time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

CAMP NEAR WINCHESTER, VA., October 9, 1862.

Dr. S. P. MOORE,

Surgeon-General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I inclose duplicate receipts of blank forms forwarded to me from your office in care of Asst. Surg. J. H. Vaughan. We have experienced so much difficulty in every branch of our department that I have upon day to day postponed reporting to you, vainly hoping that I might be able to inform you fully and intelligently of the condition of the medical department of the Army of Northern Virginia. The reports of casualties are now slowly coming in, and I trust soon a complete report can be furnished by me. As you are doubtless aware, many of our sick and wounded have been paroled by the enemy's cavalry, and expedient resorted to by them to get an equivalent for their men captured in battle. Our limited transportation has compelled us to leave many wounded in exposed positions, and they have fallen into the hands of the enemy. Hospitals in the rear have been entered and patients paroled who were reported to be in articulo mortis. However, I presume everything is

