HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Falls of Kanawha, W. Va., October, 11, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

I have been compelled, for want of supplies on the Lewisburg road, to march my infantry by Raleigh Court-House and Pack's Ferry. My cavalry, near 1,500 strong, will move at once upon the campaign you marked out, to join on the route mentioned in my letter to you afterward.

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to the President for his information.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,

No.-. Falls of Kanawha, W. Va., October 11, 1862.

The commanding general deems it proper to announce to the troops that, having accomplished the object for which they were sent into the country - by driving the enemy, strong in numbers and the insolent sense of security, to the borders, and capturing his posts, stores, and many prisoners - in obedience to the orders and the original plan of the Government, this army will prosecute the campaign move to a new field of activity. He feels confident that on other fields it will earn the commendation it had deserved and received from the country for its late brilliant victories here, and retain its present almost unrivaled reputation for endurance and valor.

That portion of the army from the western frontier who are marched from their homes deserve to know that their services will still be used, when they will avail the most for, the deliverance of the whole of their noble State from the invader, and usurper, and that the eye of the Government is turned to the value and welfare of

their section and to the merits of men who so cheerfully leave their homes a second time to perform a patriotic duty to their State and to the country. Your unselfish devotion to duty, and the exhibition of loyalty by most of the best people of your section, have fixed firmly than ever the purpose of the Government with its victorious armies to rescue and retain your country.

By command of Major-General Loring:

H. FITZHUGH,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Falls of Kanawha, W. Va., October 11, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

A portion of the cavalry of General Jenkins' brigade sent by Colonel Thorburn, under Captain Bouldin, attacked a post of the enemy near Bulltown, and killed 8 men and captured 32 prisoners, including 1 lieutenant and many horses. Our loss, none.

Respectfully,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

