
Mercersburg, offering rebel scrip for it. They did no injury to individuals that I have heard of. The force is estimated at 3,000. The rebels are certainly advancing upon Chambersburg. They have cut the Bedford wire. They are reported as near Saint Thomas, about 7 miles from here. There is no doubt whatever of their being in Mercersburg. They will certainly give us a call to-night. We had the rumor at 4 o'clock but it was not credited. We can make no resistance, as it would only exasperate and cause wanton destruction of property and life.

Later.

CHAMBERSBURG, 8 p.m.

About 15 men on horseback have come into town, armed with carbines and carrying a flag of truce. They want to see the chief men of the town. They have a large force 1 mile from the town, and will enter in an hour. Colonel McClure and Provost-Marshal Kimmell have gone 2 miles from the town to meet the rebel commander. Nothing can be done except surrender. We look for the whole force in half an hour. They crossed the Potomac at Hancock, and came over the country to the Pittsburgh turnpike. The deposits of the Chambersburg bank have not been returned from New York since the late raid.

HARRISBURG, October 10-p.m.

Governor Curtin is now pushing troops up the valley.

Still later-Chambersburg occupied.

HARRISBURG, October 10.

Dispatches just received from Shippensburg confirm the news of the occupation of Chambersburg. The advance of the rebel force consists of 1,000 cavalry and six pieces of artillery.
HEADQUARTERS, Winchester, Va., October 13, 1862.

General GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

GENERAL; I have the honor to state there are now here fire fine companies of the Maryland Line, over 500 men. Another is rapidly forming, and I hope there will soon be a full regiment. In accordance with your instructions, I had an election for major, and Captain [James R.] Herbert, of Company C, was elected. This leaves a vacancy, and I would like to know whether it is to be filled by election or promotion, as Paragraph V, Special Orders, No. 186, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, which disbanded the old First Maryland Regiment, states, "The members thereof, with all other native and adopted citizens of Maryland, desirous of enlisting into the service of the Confederate States, are invited to enroll themselves into companies, &amp;c., the officers of which are to be elected." In the present case none of the company officers have sufficient experience to fill the post of captain, and it would be better to get some eligible person. Will you be kind enough to tell me what staff and non-commissioned staff officers are allowed to a battalion of six companies or less?

I have received the greatest assistance from the officers under my command, and the quiet and good order now prevailing in the town is due to the provost-marshal (John B. Brooke), and to that excellent soldier, Captain J. Louis Smith, commanding the provost-guard. I hope you received my letter relative to them; also one requesting the appointment

