
of country and be ready to co-operate with you in any movement on the railroad near him. He is engaged in destroying it at such points below Cumberland as he can reach.

Wishing you every success, and that you may drive the enemy from that whole country, I remain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

PACK'S FERRY, W. VA., October 16, 1862, Via Dublin, W. Va.,

October 17, 1862.

(Received October 19, 1862.)

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Your order of 15th instant is received. I will march the forces

to-day under the command of General Loring back into the Kanawha Valley as soon as I can collect supplies for the march. I have not yet received the orders and instructions of the War Department to General Loring, but expect to do so to-morrow or next day. I cannot say how long it will require to collect the necessary supplies, not having seen the quartermaster or commissary yet. It shall, however, be done as soon as possible. I will write at length by mail.

JNO. ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, October 16, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,Secretary of War:

SIR: In my letter of the 29th ultimo I did not intend to request the exercise of Executive authority to make Confederate money a legal tender between individuals, but thought that the matter might be of sufficient importance for the action of Congress. In the region of country in the border States subject to the occupation of either army, disloyal citizens will not receive from their neighbors Confederate money in payment of debts. It is the only money paid the Government for the supplies, &amp;c., which it purchases from its citizens, and I think should be made legal currency within the Confederacy. Within the limits of the operations of the army, articles necessary for its subsistence, if not sold willingly by the holder, are impressed and paid for in Treasury notes.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 24, 1862.

Respectfully submitted to the President for his information.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

The absence of a judicial remedy to compel the payment of a debt amounts substantially to compulsion of the creditor to receive the only currency in use.

J. D.

