HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Camp near Winchester, Va., October 16, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: My position does not enable me to obtain exact information of the movements of the enemy south of James River, or to ascertain his real intentions. If his object is to move upon Richmond from that direction, and there should not be sufficient force near the city to resist and retard his advance until the army could reach there, it might be well to detach some troops for that purpose. I do not think it would be advantageous to move the whole army from the front of General McClellan as long as it detains him north of the Potomac by threatening an advance into Maryland, nor can I ascertain that General McClellan has detached any portion of his army to Norfolk; still, sufficient troops may have been obtained from the North to enable the enemy to advance south of the Potomac, if only by a small force. The disadvantage of diminishing this army is, that it might not be able to cope with the whole army of the enemy should it cross the Potomac. But I do not wish to run the risk of Richmond being captured for the want of adequate force. The promotion of Brigadier General W. H. F. Lee as soon as Brigadier General Fitzhugh Lee is able to resume command of his brigade will enable me to send one of them to take command of the cavalry between the Rappahannock and Richmond, where activity and vigilance is necessary. I do not know the exact strength of the cavalry in that quarter, but should think it sufficient, if well regulated, to watch and guard the approaches to Richmond.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, October 16, 1862.

General GUSTAVUS W. SMITH,Commanding,&amp;c., Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Please inform me whether the cavalry from Georgia and South Carolina have yet reached Richmond, and what is the exact force of the cavalry on the line of the Rappahannock. The promotion of Brigadier General W. H. F. Lee, upon the return to duty of Brigadier General Fitz. Lee, will enable me to send a brigadier-general to command it, as I think it advantageous that the operations of the whole should be under one head, that it may act collectively or separately, as emergencies may require.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE NORTHERN VIRGINIA, October 16, 1862.

Major General GUSTAVUS W. SMITH,Commanding,&c., Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: By direction of General R. E. Lee, I inclose herewith an extract of Special Orders, No. 209,* and desire you to direct Major [E.

---------------

*Of October 4. See p.652

---------------

