
F.] Moseley, First Regiment Virginia Artillery, to proceed at once to join this command, bringing with him the men from Captain Wyatt's and Ritter's batteries. You will direct him to turn over such public property as is not wanted with the companies to the proper Departments in Richmond, and make the necessary arrangements for the transportation and subsistence of his men on the march. Should the men be sent by railroad, it is desired that Lieutenants Robertson and Thurmond be directed to assist Major Mosley in taking charge of them, and that the commanding officers of disbanded companies be directed to make out descriptive lists of their men. Should the men of Captain Young's battery prefer remaining in the artillery, the men are to be turned over to Major Moseley, who will bring them up for distribution. Should they desire to return to the infantry, direct Captain Young, to report with his company to the commanding officer of the regiment from which he was detached. The officers of the disbanded companies will be disposed of in Richmond as you may think best, under the direction of the Secretary of War.

Should yo want the horses and guns that have been turned in, you had better keep them at Richmond. Should you want other guns for the defense of Richmond, you can get them from Staunton. Forty guns from reduced batteries have been sent to that place.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LONG,

Colonel and Military Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE NORTHERN VIRGINIA, October 17, 1862.

General PENDLETON,Commanding, &amp;c., Nineveh:

GENERAL: The enemy are maneuvering in our front, apparently in earnest force. The general wishes you to have all in readiness to move, as he does not design delivering battle about Winchester, wishing to draw the enemy up the valley, distant from his base, &c. All things being held by you in readiness, he will advise you further if the move proves to be one in force.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF SOUTHWESTERN VIRGINIA, Pack's Ferry, W. Va., October 17, 1862, Via Dublin W. Va., October 18, 1862.

(Received October 18, 1862.)

General S. COOPER:

I have ordered back to the Kanawha Valley three brigades, and the are now on the march. The other brigade will move to-morrow morning. I have ordered Jenkins' cavalry to remain, and they are, no doubt, there. I will be in the valley on Sunday night or Monday morning, and shall move down at once to Charleston, unless prevented. My supplies are very short.

JNO. ECHOLS,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

