HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, October 22, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: In reply to your dispatch, with reference to a commander for the Department of Western Virginia, I suggested that General Echols be left in temporary command for the present. I would recommend that General Edward Johnson, if capable of doing duty, be promoted major-general and assigned to that department. I know of no one better qualified for the position.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, October 23, 1862.

(Received November 13, 1862.)

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit, with the accompanying letter of Brigadier General J. L. Kemper, two stand of colors captured from the United States forces by the Seventeenth Virginia Regiment in the battles of Manassas and Sharpsburg. This regiment and its gallant colonel (M. D. Corse), who, in the words of General Longstreet, "have been distinguished in at least ten of the severest battles of the war," challenge the respect and admiration of their country men. The United States national flag was taken by Private Samuel S. Coleman, of the Mount Vernon Guards, from the color-sergeant of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Regiment in the battle of Manassas, August 30. The regimental flag of the One hundred and third Regiment New York Volunteers was captured by Lieutenant William W. Athey in the battle of Sharpsburg, September 17. The names of the captors are appended to the colors, respectively, and I hope will be preserved with them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS KEMPER'S BRIGADE, October 21, 1862.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL,Asst. Adjt. General, Lieutenant-General Longstreet's Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to forward herewith two stand of colors, captured from the enemy by members of the Seventeenth Virginia Regiment, of my command - one a United States national flag, taken by Private Samuel S. Coleman at the battle of Manassas, August 30, from the color-sergeant of the Eleventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers; the other a regimental flag presented to the Ohio hundred and third Regiment New York Volunteers by the city council of New York City, captured by Lieutenant William W. Athey at the battle of Sharpsburg, September 17. I respectfully ask that with the flags may be preserved some honorable mention of the brave men and of the veteran regiment commanded by Colonel M. D. Corse, by whose splendid gallantry these trophies were captured were captured from the enemy.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

JAMES L. KEMPER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

