
worthy of it, and that you will call on General Pendleton to recommend captains of batteries who deserve promotion. You are allowed a brigadier-general for every eighty guns; a colonel for every forty; a lieutenant-colonel for every twenty-four, and a major for every sixteen.

General Bragg brought an immense amount of material out of Kentucky, comprising 1,000,000 yards of cloth, 15,000 stand of arms, a large stock of ammunition, a great number of horses, &amp;c. His expedition, therefore, has not been without its fruits.

The enemy is said to be steadily increasing his force as Suffolk. Whether he advance upon us or not, depends, I suppose, upon his ability to prepare his raw troops before the season ends. If he advances, we shall endeavor to hold him in check until you send us assistance. The head of your column may reach a railroad in five days, and after that we might receive 2,500 men a day. We shall require, therefore, at least fifteen days' notice of the enemy's advance, or be able to hold him at bay that length of time, to enable us to receive any considerable re-enforcement. You know our strength and know the caution of the enemy. You may, therefore, estimate our necessities and provide for them. The advance, if made at all, will probably be directly from Suffolk, keeping in communication with James River, and using it to transport artillery and supplies. This will enable him to bring heavy guns late in the season, and give further time for preparation.

We have drafted 4,500 negroes, who will shortly begin to arrive. Whatever can be done toward strengthening our defenses will be vigorously prosecuted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, October 26, 1862.

Colonel J. D. IMBODEN,Commanding First Regiment Virginia Partisan Rangers:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 24th has been received. I am glad you keep in view the great object before you, viz, the destruction of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. I am aware that the enemy's is greatly superior to yours, but I hope that, by the exercise of prudence with boldness, you will be able to mislead him,and strike at some vulnerable point, and thus inflict great damage. I regret to learn that your men are so badly clad, and approved the requisition presented by Captain Imboden upon the quartermaster at Staunton for 400 suits. This army, I regret to state, is in a similar condition to your own, and, though possibly in a warmer climate at present, is without the shelter which your woods and mountains furnish.

I am much pleased at the result of your operations in collecting cattle, and desire that you will continue them as long as they can be advantageously pursued. I hope you will be able to carry out your plan against the Cheat River bridge and trestle work. Their destruction would tie up the railroad for the winter.

I join you in the apprehension that the enemy's forces in the northwest will prevent General Loring from accomplishing more than to distract attention from you and relieve you of a part of his force.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

