
Winder's brigade. Brigadier General William B. Taliaferro is absent, wounded, but it is believed his injury is slight. Brigadier General Francis T. Nicholls not yet reported.

2d. If it is deemed necessary to fill the place of General R. S. Ewell (absent, wounded), and General Edward Johnson is unable to do service, then Brigadier General Jubal A. Early, commanding Elzey's brigade, is recommended for promotion. Brigadier General A. Elzey [being] absent, wounded, Colonel J. A. Walker, of the Thirteenth Virginia, is respectfully recommenced for promotion to brigadier-general, to command General Trimble's or Elzey's brigade, and Colonel William Smith to be promoted to command the other. Brigadier General A. R. Lawton is absent, wounded, and I know of no one to recommend in his place.

3d. I recommend Colonel Doles, Fourth Georgia Regiment, to be promoted brigadier-general in the place of Brigadier-General Ripley, detached, and Colonel S. D. Ramseur, of the Forty-ninth North Carolina Volunteers, to be promoted to the command of Brigadier General G. B. Anderson, deceased. Colonel J. B. Gordon, of the Sixth Alabama, is recommended to be promoted brigadier-general, to command Rains' brigade, Colonel Alfred Iverson, Twentieth North Carolina Regiment, is recommended to be promoted to the command of Brigadier-General Garland, killed in battle.

4th. In Major General A. P. Hill's division, Colonel J. H. Lane, North Carolina Volunteers, is recommended to be promoted to the command of Brigadier General L. O'B. Branch, killed in battle. He is the senior colonel of the Georgia regiments composing Joseph R. Anderson's (resigned) brigade; is recommended to its command.

These promotions, if made, will complete the organization of General Jackson's command. The recommendations of artillery officers will be sent as soon as they can be given.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,No. 231. October 27, 1862.

* * * * * *

IV. Brigadier General W. H. C. Whiting, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, will, with his aides, repair to Richmond, Va., and report to the Secretary of War for duty.

* * * * * *

By command of General R. E. Lee:

[A. P. MASON,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Charleston, W. Va.,October 27, 1862.

(Received November 1, 1862.)

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have just received certain and reliable information that the enemy, 12,000 strong, are within 10 miles of this place. I made preparations on Saturday [25th instant] either to engage the enemy or withdraw, as I might deem best after getting reliable information. I shall march from here to-night, and apprehend no difficulty in making good my retreat in perfect order. I have also reliable information that

