
the enemy, 3,000 strong, have gone to Guyandotte for the purpose of moving upon General Floyd, and that 4,000 under Milroy have gone to Clarksburg to endeavor, by marching to Montgomery's Ferry, to intercept my command. General Floyd will leave here to-night to rejoin his troops at Logan Court-House.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Buster's, five miles from Falls of Kanawha, W. Va., Oct.28, 1862.

(Received November 2, 1862.)

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: In my letter of the 27th instant I informed you that I had ascertained with certainty that the enemy's force in front of me consisted of not less than 12,000 men, and that a considerable force under General Milroy was advancing from Clarskburg in the direction of Montgomery's Ferry, for the purpose of intercepting my retreat. I found there was no time to be lost, and have made a forced of 31 miles since 2 o'clock this morning. To-morrow my trains will over Cotton Hill, and will be beyond the reach of the enemy. I have brought away all my stores and other property-belonging to the army. General Jenkins, with his cavalry and two pieces of artillery, was left to hold the enemy in check. I have had not direct communication from him, but learn from persons who have come from Charleston to-day that the enemy were preparing at 9 o'clock this morning to advance upon the town. From the strength of the enemy and the size of their trains, I can hardly think they intend to confine their campaign to the recovery of the Kanawha Valley, but think it highly probable that they will endeavor to penetrate to the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad. I will keep you advised of their movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, October 28, 1862.

Lieutenant General THOMAS J. JACKSON, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The deficiency of forage will render it necessary for yo to move your camp from its present position, and you are desired to establish it on the Charlestown and Berryville turnpike, on the waters of Long Marsh Run, or such other position as you may prefer in that vicinity. General Longstreet's corps will be immediately placed on march to Culpeper, where my headquarters will be established. When not within your reach I wish you, without referring to me for authority, to regulate the movements of your corps as circumstances may require. You must give such orders as may be necessary to the cavalry in your front, and keep Colonel Imboden apprised of your movements. General George H. Steaurt's command of Marylanders is attached to your corps, and you will give him all necessary orders. You will give special directions for procuring provisions and forage for your command, and will

