
direct the purchasing officers accordingly. General Walker's division, now at Upperville, will remain there until Longstreet's corps crosses the Blue Ridge at Chester Gap and until it may be required elsewhere. Before it is moved I have direct that you be notified, when you can, if you think fit, replace it by one of your own divisions. I shall direct one brigade of cavalry to be thrown into Loudon, and to keep you apprised of the movements of the enemy in that quarter. I shall rely upon you for information, of the movements of the enemy on the Potomac and for the discovery of his probable intentions, as far as practicable. If forced to retire from the position suggested in Jefferson, you will fall back upon General Longstreet by the most advantageous route open to you, keeping always in view the advantage of threatening the enemy east of the Blue Ridge. Should you find that the enemy is advancing from the Potomac east of those mountains, you will cross by either gap that will bring you in best position to threaten his flank and cut off his communications.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, October 28, 1862.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I desire you to put your corps in march to Culpeper Court-House with as little delay as practicable, but without any signs of precipitation. The two brigades of General Hood's division that have been separated on account of the small-pox can take the road by Water Lick, leaving Front Royal on their left, up to Milford, thence to Luray, and by the direct road to Madison Court-House and Gordonsville, where they will halt. They can march at leisure, and staff officers must be sent ahead to prepare forage and subsistence daily at each encampment. The rest of your corps will take the best route by Front Royal through Chester Gap, Washington, and Sperryville, and thence to Culpeper Court-House. General Walker's division will remain at Upperville until after you cross the Blue Ridge, when, if necessary, he will be withdrawn by the best route to join you, but it is not desired that he should re removed unless necessary, and before doing so General Jackson must be notified. General Jackson's corps, for the present, will be stationed on the turnpike between Charlestown and Berryville, near Long Marsh Run. Should you receive no further orders on or before arriving in Culpeper, you will make arrangements to encamp your corps where they can receive shelter and subsistence. You must make arrangements for the comfort of your sick, and I shall rely upon your efforts to prevent straggling and the depredations that are so discreditable and prejudicial to the efficiency and discipline of the army.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, October 28, 1862.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET, Commanding,&c.:

GENERAL: I desire that you will expedite the movements of General Pickett as much as possible, as circumstances may render it very desirable

