
that he should reach his destination with the least delay. You will direct him to proceed with all convenient dispatch by the best road to Front Royal, and thence through Chester Gap by way of Washington to Sperryville, from which point he will proceed to Culpeper Court-House, or through Madison Court-House to Orange, as he may be ordered, or as he may find it expedient. Before he reaches either of the last-named places he will receive further orders.

I think it desirable that you should make such preparations as will enable you to move promptly other divisions of your corps, or even your entire command, on a short notice, and within a few days. I shall attend the review of General McLaws' division this afternoon, should nothing occur to prevent.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, October 28, 1862.

Brigadier General WILLIAM N. PENDLETON, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Longstreet's corps will be put in march to Culpeper. General Jackson will remain in the valley for the present. His headquarters are on the Charlestown and Berryville turnpike, near Long Marsh Run. As soon as Longstreet's corps passes you, I wish you to follow it with your reserve artillery at a convenient distance to Culpeper, encamping, on your arrival, at a suitable from his command, where you can procure shelter, fuel, and subsistence. You must make arrangements to provide forage, &c., at your camping grounds on your march. The reserve ammunition train will accompany you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, October 28, 1862.

General J. E. B. Stuart, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: General Longstreet's corps is on the march to Culpeper. General Jackson will remain for the present in the valley. His headquarters are on the Charlestown and Berryville turnpike, near Long Marsh Run. The deficiency of forage in the valley near the Potomac border seems to require that the cavalry force in the valley should be diminished. One brigade could with advantage be thrown east of the mountains into Loudon, where forage is said to be plenty, and if it was necessary to take another brigade, that could be with advantage posted in Fauquier, near the White Plains. Both of these brigades could serve to threaten the enemy's flank in any movements toward Rappahannock, and keep him more quiet, and both must keep General Jackson advised of any movements of the enemy east of the Blue Ridge. The Second Brigade I do not desire removed from the valley until General Jackson considers it safe, or until necessary. My headquarters will be at Culpeper.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

