
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,,

No. 124. October 28, 1862.

Brigadier General R. H. Chilton, having been assigned to duty as inspector-general of this army, is announced accordingly, and commanding officers will accord to him all facilities in the performance of his duties under the requirements of Paragraph 459, Article XXXV, of Confederate Army Regulations.

All communications heretofore addressed to him as assistant adjutant-general will hereafter be directed to Captain A. P. Mason, assistant adjutant-general.

By order of General R. E. Lee:

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,No. 232. October 28, 1862.

I. The Maryland troops, under command of Brigadier General George H. Steuart, are assigned to duty with Major-General Jackson's command, and will receive their orders from him.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of General R. E. Lee:

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Warner's, five miles east of Falls of Kanawha, Oct.29, 1862.

(Received November 3, 1862.)

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I reached this point this evening,having succeeded to-day in passing my train over Cotton Hill, a long and steep mountain running down to the Kanawha River. The enemy had not taken possession of Charleston at an early hour this morning, although they had approached within 3 or 4 miles of the place. By my order, General Jenkins, with his cavalry, with hold them back as long as possible. The very inclement weather which was experienced on Saturday and Sunday last, doubtless, prevented General [George W.] Morgan from coming up with his command to join General Cox, as was contemplated, and thereby the attack on Charleston was delayed. I have what I regard as reliable information that it was proposed by the enemy to attack our forces at Charleston and Summerville at the same time, viz, on the morning of the 28th instant. Milroy is represented, and I have no doubt is, in command of the Federal troops moving on Summerville. His force consists of 3,000 infantry and two batteries of artillery and a small number of cavalry. The enemy have also increased their force very materially at Beverly. My apprehension is that when they find I have succeeded in eluding them in the Kanawha Valley, they may endeavor to reach the railroad, Milroy coming through by Lewisburg. My great difficulty will now be to obtain a sufficient supply of forage. Nothing of the kind can be procured in the country from the Kanawha until you reach the county of Giles, and then the supply is very small and only to be had upon impressment.

I have, ever since I have been in command, been urging the quartermasters at Giles Court-House and Dublin to obtain and forward to

