
ABINGDON, W. VA., October 31, 1862.

General S. COOPER:

General Marshall and most of his command are now within 30 miles of this place. He himself will probably arrive to-morrow night. Can communicate with him to-morrow with ease.

C. E. MARSHALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DUBLIN, W. VA., October 31, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

I have just received a dispatch from Kanawha, dated October 28, that the advance of the enemy from Point Pleasant and Clarksburg in overwhelming numbers has compelled General Echols to withdraw his command from the valley of the Kanawha. He is falling back to the mouth of Grreenbrier River.

THOS. L. BROWN,

Major, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., November 1, 1862.

Brigadier General HUMPHREYS MARSHALL,

Abingdon, Va.:

Hold your command in readiness to move on short notice to support Echols, who is falling back from the Kanawha toward the railroad. he will probably make a stand at the Narrows.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Five miles west of Mercer C. H., W. Va., November 1, 1862.

(Received November 5, 1862.)

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: As I informed you by telegraph on yesterday, I have been compelled to fall back to the line heretofore occupied by this army, on account of the impossibility of obtaining supplies at any point farther west. So far I have conducted the movement successfully, losing nothing and leaving behind me nothing of value. The enemy are undoubtedly in strong force in the Kanawha Valley, and number, from the best information which I have been able to get, some 12,000 infantry, 800 cavalry, and 30 pieces of artillery. Their force consists of a division, commanded by Lightburn, composed of Siber's and Toland's brigades and the Second [West] Virginia Cavalry, and the command of General Morgan, the whole under the command of General Cox. My cavalry, as I dispatched you, under General Jenkins, were driven back and out of the valley on the 31st ultimo, and have been ordered by me to operate in the counties of Greenbrier, Pocahonats, and Nicholas, &amp;c., to watch the enemy and retard him if he should attempt to advance by either of the routes in that section. I shall, for the present, unless otherwise ordered by the Department, leave two regiments, numbering some 900 men, at Mercer Court-House, with instructions to take position, if necessary, at Rocky Gap, to prevent any approach to the

