
and counteract the movements of the enemy from the direction of Clarksburg and Beverly. I think that they will at once move in force on this line, or the line through Greenbrier, upon the Central or Virginia and Tennessee Railroad. I had determined to make a stand a few miles of this, but found it utterly impossible to obtain forage for my horses. I am now endeavoring to get the command back to Narrows of New River and Rocky Gap, or some point near Lewisburg Gap, or some point near Lewisburg, to subsist them, and at same time to guard the approaches to the railroad. If the enemy advance, as I have indicated, it is important, if possible, to send re-enforcements as soon as possible.

JNO. ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,No. 256. Richmond, Va., November 1, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*

VII. The battalion of Georgia volunteers at Macon, Ga., is relieved from further duty at that place, and will proceed at once to Winchester, Va., and report for duty to General Robert E. Lee, commanding, &amp;c. The First Regiment Georgia Regulars, on the arrival of said battalion, will be relieved from duty with General Lee's army, and will proceed to Macon, Ga., and report for duty at that place.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 2, 1862-12.45 p.m.

GENERAL: If Snicker's Gap is lost, which I infer from General Stuart's dispatch, the enemy can some up the Shenandoah and cut off my line of retreat. A battery placed at Berry's Ferry would be of immense service. The Yankees are now in 3 miles of me, advancing in heavy force, with infantry. Please forward this to General Jackson.

Yours, &c.,

D. H. HILL.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded.

A. P. HILL.

NOVEMBER 2, 1862-6.15 p.m.

General D. H. HILL:

Snicker's Gap is in possession of the enemy. I do not suppose that the enemy has yet moved from Snicker's Gap, so as to reach the road between you and Berry's Ford; but if he has done so, and you cannot safely move off to-night in the direction of Front Royal or cross the Shenandoah, please let me know at once, in order that I may move up more troops to-night, with a view to giving battle in the morning. The other three divisions have been directed to cook a day's rations at once, and Ewell moves toward [Millwood] at dawn, unless he receives further instructions. I send a battery at once to Berry's Ferry, with a cavalry escort.

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.

