
As soon as the two Mississippi regiments of Whiting's old brigade arrive here, these two North Carolina regiments will be ordered to report as you may direct.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General.

P. S.-I also ask that the battery recently ordered from here to support Colonel Chambliss may be sent back. It is called the Norfolk Light Artillery Blues (Captain C. R. Grandy), now under Lieutenant William T. Peet, Captain Grandy being upon court-martial.

RICHMOND, VA., November 5, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN ECHOLS,

Commanding Army of Southwestern Virginia:

GENERAL: Your several letters up to the 1st instant have been received. I am directed by the Secretary of War to say that the dispositions made by you of your forces meet with the approval of the Department. General Marshall has been telegraphed to hold his forces in readiness to co-operate with you, but will not move until he hears from you.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JASPER S. WHITING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, November 6, 1862.

Major General J. E. B. STUART,Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your two dispatches of yesterday have been received, the last dated 7 p.m. I am glad that you have operated to check the advance of the enemy with your small skill. It would seem from your reports that his whole army is in motion. Can you ascertain whether that is the fact, and whether his right wing, following the crest of the Blue Ridge, is sufficiently detached, so as to be advantageously struck at? Also let me know whether he occupies or is moving toward Chester Gap, or is making any advance toward Thortno's Gap. I wish you to interdict, as far as possible, all communication with Amissville, as the small-pox is said to be in that region. Communicate on your right with Colonel Chambliss, so that you may keep me advised of everything which takes place on the Rappahannock, and govern your movements by those of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 6, 1862-5.15 a.m.

Major General JAMES LONGSTREET,

Commanding,&c.:

GENERAL: A telegram received from Secretary of War directs a brigade to be sent as soon as possible through to Weldon, N. C. Please

