
designate one for the service, and direct it to be prevent to move as soon as transportation can be provided. Send to Captain Thompson, assistant quartermaster at Culpeper Court-House, to prepare a sufficient train for its conveyance with all dispatch, and to advise you when the train will be ready to depart. If you have a small North Carolina brigade convenient, that may be selected, as its ranks can be filled with conscripts from the State, and, if not, how would it do to send Evans' brigade?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

P. S.-Let me know the brigade you send.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, November 6, 1862.

Lieutenant General THOMAS J. JACKSON,Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: Your letter* of yesterday from Millwood has been received. The progress of the enemy so far seems to be steadily forward, judging from your reports and those of General Stuart, occupying in his advance the gaps of the Blue Ridge with his right and resting his left on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. It would seem to be his desire either to detain you in the valley or to get above you, so as to cut you off from a junction with Longstreet, neither of which must you permit. It will be necessary for you to make every arrangement, so that you may move promptly up the valley, that the two corps can be kept in communication with each other and unite when necessary. General George H. Steuart will have to evacuate Winchester before you move higher than Front Royal, and I hope you

will be able to bring off all the sick that are able to travel. One of the object of the enemy in proceeding through the counties bordering on the Blue Ridge may be to obtain the forage in that region. You must give the necessary directions to Munford, so that he may regulate his movements by your own. The advantage of the enemy on the eastern slope of the Blue Ridge may be regulated by this force by his force and his facilities for procuring supplies of forage and provision. I do not think he would descend into the valley except with such force as he would think capable of crushing you, still leaving a sufficient force to oppose Longstreet. I have directed Stuart to watch his movements closely, and inform me when he occupies Chester Gap or advances toward Thornton's. In the latter event it will be unwise for the whole of the cavalry to fall back before him to Luray, as that would leave exposed the whole of the country east of the Blue Ridge. I will make inquiries about signal men, and endeavor to establish a line so far as our means will permit. I have herd, however, that one of our signal officers was captured in Loudoun.

Colonel Corley has gone this morning to Staunton to see about blankets and shoes. I hope he will be able to give you a supply. You must keep me advised of your position and of the movements of the enemy against you. I request that will have your divisions as much united as possible, so that you may fall upon any one of the enemy's columns which may expose itself should the opportunity occur to crush it, and that you will endeavor to lead the enemy forward for the purpose.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

