
Major General T. J. Jackson to be lieutenant-general, and to command Second Army Corps.

Promotion and assignments in the First Corps are: Brigadier General G. E. Pickett to be major-general, and to continue in command of his present division; Brigadier General J. B. Hood to be major-general, and to continue in command of his present division; Colonel M. D. Corse, Seventeenth Virginia Regiment, to be brigadier-general, to command Pickett's brigade; Colonel T. R. R. Cobb, Georgia Legion, to be brigadier-general, to command Cobb's brigade; Colonel J. B. Robertson, Fifth Texas, to be brigadier-general, to command Hood's brigade; Colonel G. T. Anderson, Eleventh Georgia Regiment, to be brigadier-general, to command D. R. Jones' brigade;Colonel J. R. Cooke, [Twenty-seventh] North Carolina Regiment, to be brigadier-general, to command J. G. Walker's brigade.

Those of the Second Corps are: Colonel George Doles, Fourth Georgia Regiment, to be brigadier-general, to command Ripley's brigade; Colonel S. D. Ramseur, Forty-ninth North Carolina Regiment, to be brigadier-general, to command G. B. Anderson's brigade; Colonel Alfred Iverson, Twentieth North Carolina, to be brigadier-general, to command Garland's brigade; Colonel J. H. Lane, Twenty-eighth North Carolina Regiment, to be brigadier-general, to command Branch's brigade; Colonel E. L. Thomas, Thirty-fifth Georgia Regiment, to be brigadier-general, to command J. R. Anderson's brigade; Major E. F. Paxton, assistant adjutant-general, to be brigadier-general, to command Winder's brigade.

These officers will report for further orders to the lieutenant-general in command of their respective army corps.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of General R. E. Lee:

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., November 7, 1862.

General LEE:

The Fifty-fourth and Fifty-seventh North Carolina have left for Culpeper. Two of Evans' regiments have gone on to Petersburg; the others now due, and will immediately follow.

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, November 7, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: In answer to your dispatch of the 6th instant, in reference to the seizure of flour in Rockingham County, I think there must be some misapprehension on the part of the Hon. John B. Baldwin as to the facts. I think it, therefore, proper to report to the Department that upon the arrival of the army in the Shenandoah Valley, below Winchester, the mills in that section of the country that had previously been in a great measure idle, were set to work to supply it with flour. After consultation with millers and farmers, the chief commissary placed the price of wheat at $1.50 pe bushel, making that of flour $8 per barrel. This, I believe, gave entire satisfaction at the time, and was considered a fair price, and furnished the only market to the farmers for the sale of their wheat, as

