
Second Virginia Cavalry or from Fortieth Ohio Infantry, both of which were to have co-operated with us, I pushed forward my regiment as rapidly as possible on Buffalo. My advance met with such a warm reception that, after crossing the creek, I deployed on the right and left of the road kept up a continual skirmish with rebel cavalry, driving them before us to within 1 mile of Buffalo, when the rebels opened upon us with two pieces of artillery, throwing small shells, which chiefly passed over our heads; and, not yet hearing from the Second Virginia or Fortieth Ohio, I ordered my regiment to unsling blankets and haversacks and move on, double-quick, and try to capture the enemy's guns, which were placed near the bridge, at the lower end of the town; but, the enemy being mostly mounted and my force having to cross a marshy ravine, our progress was o impeded that we were unable to overtake them. We pursued them into the town and to the town and to the river, where they separated, panic-stricken, a portion of them retreating up the river and the rest crossing over the river, upon whom we opened a brisk fire, driving them from opposite bank. We remained one hour in Buffalo, hoping to hear from our forces on my right and left, which were expected to co-operate with me; but, not hearing from them, and, ascertaining strength of the enemy in front, I followed your order to fall back, bringing away all the property my regiment could carry, and destroying all commissary stores below Buffalo belonging to the enemy. Had the bridge along the Kanawha been standing, I should have brought the commissary stores to headquarters. We captured 2 of Jenkins' cavalry, killed 5, and wounded at least as many more, and took a number of horses and 8 or 10 Enfield rifles; and, had the forces sent by your order to cooperate with us arrived at the scene of action in time to act in concert with us, the expedition would doubtless have accomplished all that you desired, even to the capturing of Brigadier-General Jenkins and his entire force, as he slept in a private residence in Buffalo on the night previous.

In conclusion, permit me to say that not a single officer or soldier of the Ninety-first faltered, and, as this is a new regiment never before under fire, I cannot refrain from saying that they acted like veterans and elicited my admiration. I returned to camp last night, after having marched 45 miles in thirty hours, skirmishing four hours of that time, without the loss of a man.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JOHN A. TURLEY,

Colonel, Commanding Ninety-first Regiment Ohio Vol. Infty.

Colonel J. A. LIGHTBURN,

Commanding District of Kanawha.

SEPTEMBER 29, 1862.- Expedition from Centreville to Warrenton and Buckland Mills, Va.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Karge, First New Jersey Cavalry.

CENTREVILLE, VA., October 1, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with your orders of September 28 to attack Warrenton, I started with my command on the 29th, at 6 a. m. My command consisted of 200 of the New Jersey Cavalry, 150 of the Harris Light, and 150 of the First Pennsyl-

