
was adopted by which all farmers having wheat, which they had not leave to thrash and deliver to the railroads, were offered a purchaser by this bureau. To increase the quantity so obtained, and to stimulate the farmers to extraordinary exertions to do this, especially in this sections of the State liable to be occupied by the enemy, the market price of wheat in Richmond, less cost of transportation, was allowed in all cases; but General Lee's chief commissary was instructed to procure his own flour, and to confine himself as far as possible to obtaining that wheat in Richmond, less cost of transportation, was allowed in all cases; but General Lee's chief commissary wa instructed to procure his own flour, and to confine himself as far as possible to obtaining that wheat and flour which the farmers had not the facility of thrashing or delivering on the railroad. This system has been consistently followed by this bureau. It would not be fair, however, that General Lee's commissary should pay the same price for wheat which the agents of this bureau are instructed to do, as he takes the farmers' wheat with our own teams at their barns, and in many instances thrashes the grain out. what is absolutely necessary is to obtain quantity. The means adopted seem to me the very best for that purpose. I have been informed that in many cases the farmers are not thrashing their grain, because they expect prices to be higher, because of the scarcity which they know to exist, and also in some instances because they do not wish to take Confederate money. Enough wheat cannot be obtained even by this course, and, therefore, there is the greater necessity for General Lee's commissary to procure the wheat he does in the way indicated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 7, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: The enemy to-day occupied Warrenton, and his cavalry have reached the Rappahannock. The latter is reported to be at Rappahannock Station, White Sulphur Springs Ford, and Hart's Ford. two brigades of infantry reached Orleans yesterday. The last reports from our cavalry scouts indicated an intention on the part of their cavalry to cross the Rappahannock, though I have not heard Whether it was accomplished. They are apparently advancing on the general route pursued by this army last summer, holding the gaps through the Blue Ridge as they progress. If they advance to-morrow with the same speed, they will reach Hazel River, about 10 miles from this point. I have ordered back all surplus articles from Culpeper Court-House, and shall be prepared to move toward Madison Court-House to-morrow, if circumstances require it. I yesterday directed General Jackson to ascend the Shenandoah Valley, in order to make a junction with General Longstreet. He will probably cross the Blue Ridge at Swift Run Gap should the enemy press forward, as I shall not resist his occupation of Thirnton's Gap, where his large army would have great advantage, as the country there is flag and open. The enemy, apparently, is in very strong force, especially in cavalry, in which we are greatly outnumbered. Our cavalry, diminished by the casualties of battle and hard service, is now reduced by disease among the horses - sore tongue and soft hoof.

I will to-morrow begin to send back from Gordonsville all surplus articles that may have accumulated there, and I wish you would instruct

