HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Camp near Culpeper Court-House, November 7, 1862 - 9 a.m.

Major General J. E. B. STUART,

Commanding Cavalry:

Your note* of yesterday evening has been received. I am much pleased at the adroitness with which Colonel Rosser extricated himself from Warrenton, and hope that none of his men were seriously injured. I very much regret to learn of the injury to your horses by scratches and sore tongue. The former, I think, by proper attention on the part of your men, can be easily remedied, and the latter is probably occasioned or aggravated by feeding on the ground. I need not recommend to you to urge upon your officers and men strict attention to this matter.

As soon as you can get exact information of the strength and movements of the enemy, let me know. As far as I can now see, he seems either to be operating by his right flank entirely or is moving his whole army along the Blue Ridge. In neither case does it seem to me prudent to interpose his army between Jackson's and Longstreet's corps, which would be the case of the movement you suggested was made. If Longstreet's corps be strong enough to contend with this force about Warrenton, then it might answer for him to move upon them by Warrenton Junction; but if weaker, he might be crushed, if separated from Jackson by the Blue Ridge. Should we be pressed back from here, my design is to retire through Madison, while Jackson ascends the valley, so that a junction can be made through Swift Run Gap, and we hold ourselves on the enemy's right flank if he attempts to proceed southward. As soon as I can learn something more of Jackson's movements and position, I will send forward to let you know where. It will be a great thing if you can establish communication with Jackson with your signal corps, and thus with Longstreet. I have had no notice from Jackson of a want of ammunition, and presume he is supplying himself from Stauntion. I will, however, attend to the matter. Try and husband your horses and men while watching the enemy as closely as you can.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General.

RICHMOND, VA., November 7, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

Culpeper Court-House, Va.:

I handed your letter to General Whiting for perusal. Your remarks in reference to him, to Walker, and Lee induce me to say that Walker need not be sent, and, if you require Lee, he will be sent back to you. Will endeavor to arrange about Posey so as to meet your views.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,No. 235. November 7, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

VII. Brigadier General J. G. Walker, commanding division, is relieved from duty with this army, and will report to the Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army, Richmond. Brigadier General R. Ransom, jr., will assume command of the division commanded by Brigadier-General Walker.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

