
VIII. Lieutenant Colonel E. P. Alexander, chief of ordnance Army of Northern Virginia, will assume command of the artillery battalion lately commanded by Colonel S. D. Lee.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of General R. E. Lee:

[A. P. MASON,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 8, 1862.

Lieutenant General THOMAS J. JACKSON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Since my letter to you of the 6th, the enemy has occupied Warrenton, and reached Amissville from Salem, via Orleans. There is said to be in the vicinity of Amissville a large force - infantry, cavalry, and artillery. There is a large force of cavalry also at Jefferson, and his cavalry last night was at Rappahannock Station. Stuart has fallen back to Hazel River. To-day a portion of Longstreet's corps will move on the road from Madison Court-House to Sperryville, so as to cover that approach. You will see it is more necessary than ever that you should move up the valley, as Swift Run Gap is now the nearest one open to you, unless the road through Fisher's is practicable. You could push your main body, leaving a light corps to observe and follow you. General George H. Steuart will have to move at least as high as Strasburg. Give him such directions for his government as you amy see fit. Turn off everything for Longstreet's corps through Swift Run Gap. I hope you are able to keep yourself supplied with ammunition from Stauntion. Your greatest difficulty, I fear, will be a supply of forage, which you must endeavor to have hauled to the road. Flour you will find in abundance at Woodstock and Harrisonburg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 8, 1862.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET,

Commanding Right Wing, &c.:

GENERAL: Your note* of this date is received. The general commanding directs me to say that General Hampton was at Washington last night, and one regiment was at Gaines' Cross-Roads. His pickets extend to Flint Hill, and he also pickets all the roads leading into the Sperryville turnpike between Washington and the Cross-Roads. The general has not been informed of any change in the position of Hampton's cavalry to-day, and it is presumed that the roads in front of Madison are guarded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LONG,

Colonel and Military Secretary.

P. S. - It may be that the old Richmond road, from Gaines' Cross-Roads to Culpeper, is not picketed. It would, therefore, be well to have it guarded by some portion of your forces.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

