HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Camp near Culpeper Court-House, Va., November 8, 1862.

Lieutenant-General LONGSTREET:

GENERAL: General Lee directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your note* of this evening, inclosing one from Colonel Chambliss* dated 2 p. m. to-day, and to say that he has already directed Colonel C[hambliss] (by letter about noon to-day) to send to the rear all surplus articles, baggage, stores, &amp;c., and to have his command on marching condition, so that should he be compelled to retire from his present position he could do so without embarrassment. He was told to keep with him only such things as were necessary and could be moved with the command, and to make arrangements for supplying his men with provisions. The general says he had better send back any surplus or unserviceable artillery, keeping only what is necessary, and, should he have to withdraw, he must send back the infantry and such artillery as would not be useful previous to doing so. Should there be any withdrawal of the troops from this point, he should be notified, and the general advised him in his letter of to-day that this should be done.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

P. S. - The general inclose the last dispatch* received from General Stuart. He has also received on e from General Jackson, dated yesterday. He had not changed his position, and still held Snicker's Gap. He instructs me to add, that, unless he hears something to-night, the movement will not be made in the morning that he spoke to you of to-day. He would like to see you as early in the morning as convenient, and, if agreeable to you, would be pleased to have you to breakfast, say about 7 o'clock.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,No. 236. November 8, 1862.

I. The Second and Eleventh Mississippi Regiments, of Whiting's old brigade, upon being relieved from duty with this army by the Fifty-fourth and Fifty-seventh North Carolina Regiments, will immediately repair to Richmond, Va., and report to Major General Gustavus W. Smith.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

XI. Brigadier General W. E. Jones is assigned to the command of the cavalry brigade at present commanded by Colonel T. T. Munford.

By command of General R. E. Lee:

[A. P. MASON,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 9, 1862 - 1 p. m.

Lieutenant General THOMAS J. JACKSON,

Commanding Left Wing, &c.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 7th is at hand. The enemy seems to be massing his troops along the Manassas Railroad in the vicinity of Piedmont, which gives him great facilities for bringing up supplies from

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

45 R R-VOL XIX, PT II

