
as under existing circumstances I could not permit him to pass through the lines of this army.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Inclosure.]

BALTIMORE, MD., October 29, 1862.

[Major CHARLES MARSHALL:]

DEAR CHARLEY: You know that an assignment for the benefit of only a portion of creditors (the balance to be returned to the assignee) does not hold good. (Vide the case of Sangston and one other case in which you have been counsel.) So much to identify this note. Kirby, the Canadian or Englishman, who is in your lines, should be arrested at once. He knows and tells too much. I know what I write.

I. [or J.]

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERS VIRGINIA,November 10, 1862.

Respectfully, submitted to the general commanding, for his information. This letter reached me yesterday. The writer identifies himself by reference known to me by his handwriting. He is a gentleman of large property and high standing in Baltimore; very much attached to the cause of the Confederacy; has a brother now in our army. His means of information are very good, and, from my knowledge of his character, I feel sure that he would not have written this letter without strong ground for what he says. His position is such that nothing would have induced him to run the risk of writing such a letter but a sense of its importance to us. His name I have given you, and will furnish it to the Department if required.

CHARLES MARSHALL,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 10, 1862.

Major General GUSTAVUS W. SMITH,

Commanding, &amp;c., Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: It has been reported to me by General Longstreet that the two companies of the Fifty-fourth North Carolina Regiment (one of the two regiments exchanged for the two Mississippi regiments) were not sent with the regiment. I do not know where these companies are, nor on what duty engaged, but, if with your command, I desire that you will order them to join their regiment, now with the command of Major-General Hood, in Longstreet's corps.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 10, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: The appointment of Colonel E. A. Perry, of Florida, to the command of the three regiments from that State in this army has obliged

