
OCTOBER 11, 1862-11.10 a. m.

Gov. ANDREW G. CURTIN, Harrisburg:

Your dispatch of 10.15 this morning received. I have sent out all my disposable cavalry in pursuit of the rebels, and have posted infantry at and near all the fords along the Potomac, so that I think they cannot return into Virginia without being intercepted. I have a division loaded in cars, at Hancock, ready to move to any point above. If the rebels attempt to cross in that direction, no efforts will be spared, on my part, to chastise the party.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

HARRISBURG, October 11, 1862-2.30 p. m.

Major-General McCLELLAN, Knoxville:

Your massage received. The rebels destroyed railroad buildings and rolling stock at Chambersburg this morning; also railroad bridge 5 miles east of town. Part of their force left, by Baltimore pike, in direction of Gettysburg. We are sending about 4,000 men and battery of artillery to Carlisle. General Wool is here, and will probably go to Carlisle.

Will keep you advised of all that reaches me.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

HARRISBURG, October 11 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN, Knoxville, Md.:

The following received at 10 a. m:

CHAMBERSBURG, [October] 11, via SHIPPENSBURG, 7 a. m.

Governor CURTIN:

Stuart's and Hampton's cavalry, about 3,000 in number, occupied the town last night. It was formally surrendered, on condition that private citizens should be respected and property not be wantonly destroyed. They took about 500 horses, including 10 of mine, but did not interfere with citizens or destroy anything. One regiment encamped before my door, and the officers spent most of night with me. They behaved very well, and talked freely about everything but their movements. This morning they have just commenced to move toward Gettysburg, and all about to move, apparently. They crossed Potomac yesterday morning below Hancock, so that infantry cannot be with them. It looks as if they were on a foraging expedition through Pennsylvania, by Frederick to Leesburg, or it may be that the whole army is there, retreating, to provide supplies and replenish horses and reach Richmond. The cavalry would not move farther from their army it they intended to return by Hancock.

Should anything else transpire to-day, I will try and sent it to you.

A. K. McCLURE.

A. G. CURTIN.

HARRISBURG, October 11, 1862-4.10 p. m.

General McCLELLAN:

Rebels crossed Potomac near Clear Spring, and entered Pennsylvania by Blair's Valley. Latest advices say they are moving in direction of Gettysburg, thence by Emmittsburg, to destroy Government stores at or near Frederick. These statements are mere conjectures, given to you as received.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

