
Colonel Corley had been mistaken, the report to him by the quartermaster of General Hood's division having been intended to convey the intelligence that the regiments had been marched to Mitchell's Depot to take the train. I retreat that they were detained at the station until cars could be procured for their transportation after I had been informed of their detention.

I am glad to receive your opinion that General French will be able to protect Weldon, Petersburg, and the railroad with his present forces. His strength could be increased if the regiments of Evan's brigade could be filled by conscripts from South Carolina, and I desire that you will request the Secretary of War to endeavor to do so. It the new troops in North Carolina could be at once brought into the field, they could surely, in addition to those you now have, enable you to secure to forage, beef, and pork in the eastern part of the State. This is not only important, but will be necessary, in my opinion, to insure a supply of provisions for the army, and I beg you will use every effort to accomplish it. It would be very desirable to increase our forces in Fredericksburg, and I would be very glad to send the Sixty-first Virginia and the Norfolk Blues, as you propose, to that place, but I am really unable to replace them on the Upper Rappahannock at this time. The diminution of the cavalry from a disease among the horses is lamentable. I learned form General Stuart's adjutant-general to-day that the colonel of the Ninth Virginia Cavalry reported only 90 effective men for duty. While the pressure of service is so great upon the cavalry, I see no means of recruiting it. I am glad to learn from the report of Mr. Ould that the officers and men delivered at Aiken's Landing are exchanged.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

RICHMOND, VA., November 10, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

Culpeper Court-House, Va.:

The President informs me that he has telegraphed you to retain General Walker of your necessities so require. I have directed Walker, now promoted, to remain here until I receive your answer. The order assigning McCown to the Trans-Mississippi Department is revoked from necessity. S. D. Lee has left for Vicksburg.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 10, 1862 - 7 p. m.

Lieutenant General THOMAS J. JACKSON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your letter* of the 9th instant has been received, and I am glad to learn that your command is in condition to move whenever it becomes necessary. My letter of yesterday will have explained to you my views, and informed you that I rely upon your judgment and discretion in determining the time of your departure. As soon as you

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

