HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,November 10, 1862 - 2 a. m.

Major General D. H. HILL:

The major-general commanding directs that you will not move your command toward Winchester, as before ordered. You will keep your supply train busy in getting in three days' rations as soon as possible. You will occupy your troops in destroying the Manassas Gap Railroad, and bending the rails, burning all the sills. Do not fire the piles until you have torn up as much as possible, unless the enemy should advance.

By order of Major General T. J. Jackson:

JAS. P. SMITH,

Aide-de-Camp.

[P. S.] - The enemy retired last evening, after advancing to Rippon, 4 miles south of Charlestown.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 10, 1862.

Colonel J. GORGAS, Chief of Ordnance:

COLONEL: General Lee desires me to say that our cavalry is in great want of carbines, and requests you to send to this army five hundred, if they can possibly be procured in the Confederacy. If you cannot procure so many, send as many as you can, and at as early a period as practicable. These cavalry carbines are greatly needed, in order to place our cavalry on an equality with that of the enemy, which is now greatly superior to ours in sharpshooters.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LONG,

Colonel and Military Secretary.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,No. 238. November 10, 1862.

I. Brigadier General Roger A. Pryor is relieved from duty with this army, and will report for duty to Major General G. W. Smith, commanding, &amp;c., Richmond, Va.

II. Colonel E. A. Perry, having been appointed a brigadier-general, is assigned to the command of a brigade, composed of the Second, Fifth, and Eighth Florida Regiments.

III. Lieutenant General J. Longstreet will assign the Third Virginia and fourteenth Alabama Regiments to brigades composed of regiments from those States, respectively.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

IX. The cavalry brigades are hereby reorganized and arranged as follows: Brigadier General Wade Hampton's brigade to consist of the First and Second South Carolina Regiments, the First North Carolina Regiment, and Cobb's and Phillips' cavalry legions; Brigadier General Firzhugh Lee's brigade to consist of the First, Second, Third, and Fourth Virginia Regiments; Brigadier General W. H. F. Lee's brigade to consist of the Fifth, Ninth, Tenth, and Fifteenth Virginia Regiments, and the Second North Carolina Regiment; Brigadier General W. E. Jones' brigade to consist of the Sixth, Seventh, and Twelfth Virginia Regiments, the Seventeenth Virginia Battalion, and White's cavalry.

