HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 11, 1862.

Lieutenant General THOMAS J. JACKSON,

Commanding Second Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 4.35 p.m., November 9,* has just been received. I hope you will take every precaution to ascertain the movements of the enemy i your direction, and I will endeavor to keep your advised maneuvering on your part to accomplish the object in view and gain accurate information of the enemy. His advance north of Charlestown may be intended to push you away, and may give you an opportunity to strike at a detachment. In my letter of yesterday I informed you of General Stuar's reconnaissance. He says he found only a small body of infantry on this side of the Rappahannock, but upon reaching Amissville he discovered three brigades advancing from toward Warrenton. He was informed by a citizen who had come up from Bristoe Station that he saw General Sigel advancing to New Baltimore, and General Hooker also. I think, however, it is more probable that Burnside's and Sigel's troops are at New Baltimore.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,No. 239. November 11, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

III. By direction of the Secretary of War, the five companies composing Mattison's battalion, South Carolina Volunteers, are hereby consolidated into two, officers to preserve their relative rank, except where incompetency exists, in which case a board shall be convened to examine any officer who shall be so charged.

IV. The two companies thus formed will be united with the infantry of the Hampton Legion, to form a regiment in the brigade formerly commanded by General Hood, officers preserving their relative rank as above indicated.

V. In order that the above consolidation may be carried into effect, Mattison's battalion is relieved from duty with Jenkins' brigade, and will report, without delay, to Major-General John B. Hood, who is charged with the execution of the above order.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of General R. E. Lee:

-----

-----

,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENTS OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 12, 1862 - 8 a.m.

Lieutenant General THOMAS J. JACKSON,

Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 10th,* by special courier, has been received. In my letter of yesterday, in reply to yours of first date, I discussed the question of your further delay in the valley. I cannot add more to what has been said, and it must depend upon the advantages you

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

