
and I beg that, if there is any labor within the control of the Department, work may be commenced immediately under an engineer officer, to be sent by Colonel Gilmer to superintend it.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Indorsement.]

General LEE:

Better to make the needful preparation to expedite the destruction of railroads, when necessary. Concur in reluctance stated. See Colonel Gilmer for answer about wagon road.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 14, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I am unable at this time to answer specifically your telegram in reference to the number of shoes required in this army. By a report received from General Longstreet to-day, the number of men in his corps without shoes in this vicinity is 6,648. This does not include General Ransom's division of two brigades, now at Madison, the reserve artillery, or cavalry. When the 3,000 arrive (which you stated were to have been forwarded from Richmond yesterday), it will reduce the number required by the number received. the shoes and blankets that were forwarded to Staunton were appropriated to General Jackson's corps, who has informed me that they have been issued, and he still has men without shoes or blankets; the exact number I do not know.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Indorsements.]

Referred to Quartermaster-General for his information and action.

G. W. SMITH,

Secretary of War.

On the 14th and 15th instant, 8,153 pairs shoes were sent to Gordonsville for General Lee's army. Shoes are sent to General Jackson's command form Staunton, about 400 per week. All the South Carolina troops have been supplied with blankets and clothing, received from the State. It is not possible to procure blankets and clothing, received from the State. It is not possible to procure blankets in the Confederacy, except by introducing them in exchange for cotton on the Mississippi. Propositions to this effect have been submitted by me to the War Department.

Respectfully returned to Secretary of War.

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 14, 1862.

Major General JOHN B. HOOD, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I send, by direction of the commanding general, the following summary of inspection report made by Colonel Harvie, November 7:

Robertson's Brigade. - The Fifth Texas, Lieutenant-Colonel [R. M.] Powell commanding: Well armed; Enfield rifles in fine order, but wanting

