
50; two-thirds of regiment badly clothed and shod, 45 barefooted; discipline apparently good, as also the police.

The Fourth Texas, Lieutenant-Colonel [P. A.] Work: Arms mixed and in very bad order; two-thirds badly clad and shod, 60 barefooted; camp in bad order, and the regiment showing inexcusable neglect on the part of its officers.

The Eighteenth Georgia Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel [S. Z.] Ruff: Arms mixed, in tolerable order, some with bad, others without any, bayonets, and 100 arms wanting; clothes and shoes bad, 160 barefooted.

Hampton's Legion, Colonel [M. W.] Gary: Arms in fine order, 40 wanting; badly clad and shod, 100 barefooted; police good; appearance of camp good, and regiment showing discipline and attention to duty on the part of its officers.

Law's Brigade. - The Sixth North Carolina Regiment, Colonel [Isaac E.] Avery: Arms mixed, but in very fine order; although two-thirds of the regiment are badly shod and clad, and 20 barefooted, the regiment shows high character of its officer in its superior neatness, discipline, and drill.

The Fought Alabama, Colonel [P. D.] Bowles: Arms mixed, in tolerable order, 12 wanting; 50 men needing clothes and shoes, 2 barefooted; camp in tolerable order.

The Eleventh Mississippi has been detached since inspection.

Captain Reilly's battery is spoken of as being in very fine condition, showing intelligence and highly commendable pride in officers and men, that care having been bestowed upon horses, guns, &amp;c., which secures true efficiency, and gives evidence that a due regard for the interests of the service and a proper attention on the part of officers will keep artillery horses in good order and guns and equipments serviceable.

Captain Bachman's German Artillery is reported, with exception of 6 horses greatly reduced, as in fair condition; leather equipments, however, hard and stiff, requiring Captain Reilly's system to soften and supple them, the use of neat's-foot oil, which he obtains from cattle-feet thrown aside at commissary pens.

Captain Garden's Palmetto Light Artillery reported as inferior to captain Bachman's, the horses showing neglect, axles of pieces and harness requiring grease. This battery, however, is reported as improving under your orders.

Ordnance train represented to be in fine order. Division quartermaster trains reported fine, and evincing in all respects great energy and admirable arrangement on the part of the quartermaster, Major-General.

While the commanding general sees much in your management to commend, he deems it but necessary to lead to corrections to advise you of deficiencies. Respecting arms, he wishes you to arm your regiments by exchange within your division uniformly, having, at least, the same caliber throughout companies, the confusion arising from mixed arms in the same regiment in issuing ammunition tending to produce disaster. He also wishes you to procure additional arms necessary to supply the unarmed, and that you adopt measures which shall insure payment according to list of prices, as set forth in General Orders, No. 78, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, October 28, 1862, for arms or parts of a piece lost by the men.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

