
taken to build. May we depend upon you for the early restoration of our equipment? Notwithstanding these very serious drawbacks upon our powers, by great vigilance, energy, and most continued labor, and troops and supplies required have been forwarded with relatively little delay, and we shall continue to make every effort to accomplish the most effective possible results.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

No. 91. Washington, July 29, 1862.

The following resolutions, acts, and extracts from acts. Congress are published for the information of all concerned:

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

I. - PUBLIC RESOLUTION - No. 43.

A RESOLUTION to provide for the presentation of "medals of honor" the enlisted men of the army and volunteer forces who have distinguish themselves in battle during the present rebellion.

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America, in Congress assembled, That the President of the United States be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause two thousand "medals of honor" to be prepared, with suitable emblematic devices, and to direct that the same be presented, in the name of Congress, to such non-commissioned officers and privates as shall most distinguish themselves by their gallantry in action, and other soldierlike qualities, during the present insurrection. And that the sum of then thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the purpose of carrying this resolution into effect.

Approved July 12, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Medals of Honor awarded under the foregoing resolution of Congress, for distinguished service at the battle of Antietam, Md.

Name.	 Rank, company, and	 Date of	 Awarded for --

 organization. 	 issue.

Johnson,	 Private, Company G,	 September 	 Capture of

Samuel ...	 9th Pennsylvania	 17, 1863	 flags form

 Reserves.	 	 Hood's Texas

 	 	 brigade.

Murphy, 	 Private, Company K,	 September 	 Capture of flag

John P...	 5th Ohio Infantry.	 11, 1866	 of 13th

 	 	 Alabama.

Orth, 	 Corporal, Company	 Jan. 11,	 Capture of

Jacob G..,	 D, 28th	 1867.	 flag, supposed

 Pennsylvania	 	 of 7th South

 Infantry.	 	 Carolina.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.
HEADQUARTERS LIGHT DIVISION,September 30, 1862.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of my letter requesting a court of inquiry, with the remarks of Major General T. J. Jackson, and the indorsement of the general commanding, crediting the trugh of the charges, and refusing the court.

