
maining at the same place as established until there is some reason to believe that they have been changed. He admits that his headquarters had been where I saw him, and as he gave me no notice of his having hanged them, as he should have done, I regard it as another instance of his neglecting his duty. The want of activity about his headquarters, and other circumstances, impressed me with the opinion that he was just up.

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,October 3, 1862.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I forward herewith charge and specifications against Major General A. P. Hill.* They should have been forwarded at an earlier period had I deemed a judicial investigation necessary.

As I arrested General Hill, and he insists upon having his conduct investigated, I have regarded it incumbent upon me to make out and transmit the charge and specifications, in order that the commanding general can order a general court-martial in the case should the interest of the service so require.

As the object in arresting General Hill, which was to secure his stricter compliance with orders, has been effected, I do not consider further action on my part necessary, and consequently he has not been rearrested nor furnished with a copy of the charge and specifications. Should General Hill be rearrested upon this charge of neglect of duty, I will sent him a copy of the charge and specifications.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,No. 264. Richmond, Va., November 11, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

XVI. Major General J. G. Walker will proceed to Little Rock, Ark., and report for duty to Lieutenant General The. H. Holmes, commanding Trans-Mississippi Department.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS A. P. HILL'S LIGHT DIVISION,January 8, 1863.

Brigadier General R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I respectfully call the attention of the general commanding to the charges preferred against me by Lieutenant-General Jackson, and request that they may be tried. Two of my important witnesses

---------------

* Charge and specifications not found.

---------------

