
that I do not now nor ever have disputed the right of the superior to arrest any officer under him, and to release him whenever he saw fit so to do, or that he might do so and prover no charges, provided the party arrested consented thereto. Otherwise an engine of tyranny is placed in the hands of commanding officers, to be exercised at their will, to gratify passions or whims, and against which there is no appeal. In my own case, the commanding general having returned the charges preferred against me by General Jackson without trial is a rebuke to him, but not as public as was General Jackson's exercise of power toward me. The general must acknowledge that if the charges preferred against me by General Jackson were true, that I do not deserve to command a division in this army; if they are untrue, then General Jackson deserves a rebuke as notorious as the arrest. I beg leave most distinctly to disclaim any credit which General Jackson may have given me for the good results of his punishment, as to my better behavior thereafter, and that its only effect has been to cause me to preserve every scrap of paper received from corps headquarters, to guard myself against any new eruptions from this slumbering volcaNumbers I respectfully toward again my charges against Lieutenant-General Jackson, and request that he may be tried on them.

As to the indorsement of the commanding general on these charges, I will state these charges were forwarded by me to General Jackson several days before I had any intimation that General Jackson intended to prefer charges against me, and that, so far as I know, his charges grew out of mine, not mine out of his.

Very respectfully,

A. P. HILL,

Major-General.

ALTERNATE DESIGNATIONS OF ORGANIZATIONS MENTIONED IN THIS VOLUME.*

Albemarle Artillery. See Virginia Troops, Confederate.

Alexander's (Frederic W.) Artillery. See Baltimore Artillery, Union.

Alleghany Artillery. See Virginia Troops, Confederate.

Allen's (Samuel H.) Cavalry. See Maine Troops, 1st Regiment.

Amsherst Artillery. See Virginia Troops, Confederate.

Amsden's (Frank P.) Artillery. See Pennsylvania Troops, 1st Regiment, Battery G.

Ancell's (John J.) Artillery. See Virginia Troops, Confederate.

Anderson Cavalry. See Pennsylvania Troop, 15th Regiment.

Anderson Troop, Cavalry. See Pennsylvania Troops.

Anderson's (Edwin J.) Artillery. See Thomas Artillery.

Ashland Artillery. See Virginia Troops, Confederate.

Ash's (Joseph P.) Cavalry. See Union Troops, Regulars, 5th Regiment.

Avery's (Isaac E.) Infantry. See North Carolina Troops, 6th Regiment.

Bachman's (W. K.) Artillery. See German Artillery.

Baily's (William P.) Infantry. See Delaware Troops, 2nd Regiment.

Baltimore Artillery. See Maryland Troops, Confederate.

Baltimore Artillery. See Maryland Troops, Union.

Barnes' Artillery. See New York Troops, 4th Regiment, Heavy.

Bayne's (Thomas M.) Infantry. See Pennsylvania Troops, 136th Regiment.

Beale's (R. L. T.) Cavalry. See Virginia Troops, Confederate, 9th Regiment.

Beaver's (J. A.) Infantry. See Pennsylvania Troops, 148th Regiment.

---------------

* References are to index following.

---------------

