
crossing the river, which they can do at almost any point. I am hurrying up Robinson's and Berry's brigades to join in the pursuit, but fear they will be too late. I have ordered a portion of Ward's brigade above the mouth of the Monocacy. I hope you sent the two regiments to Point of Rocks yesterday, as I suggested; if so, they will be of great service. The enemy passed through Barnesville about 10 a. m. this morning, point toward the mouth of the Monocacy. I have not heard of General Pleasonton, but firing has been heard in the direction of Point of Rocks. The enemy is very much scattered, and trying to get across the river in small parties; I have had to divide my small force accordingly.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

POOLESVILLE, October 12, 1862-1p.m.

General R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff:

Robinson's brigade has just arrived, after a forced march from Rockville. General Pleasonton has just been heard from, near the river, with his force passing toward Conrad's Ferry, where I have one regiment of infantry. Enemy has destroyed telegraph wire, for 30 feet, 5 miles above here. Just sent up wire to have it repaired.

Infantry firing between Conrad's and Monocacy.

GEORGE STONEMAN

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

POOLESVILLE, MD., October 12, 1862-2.30 p. m.

Capt RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

The enemy(Stuart's and Hampton's cavalry, and six pieces of artillery) passed through Barnesville early this morning, pursued by General Pleasonton. Upon arriving in the vicinity of the river, the scattered into different parties all over the country. I was, of course, compelled to divide my force accordingly, and engaged the enemy at the different points. He has succeed in crossing the river at the different fords between the Point of Rocks and Conrad's Ferry. I have sent General Ward directions to concentrate his, brigade, cal upon General Pleasonton for cavalry and artillery, and to cross the river and pursue the enemy as long as his men can hold out. Davis' regiment has been directed to return to Edwards Ferry and protect the pontoon train until the arrival of Berry's brigade. Jewett's regiment I have kept at the depot of supplies at the mouth of Seneca Creek. The enemy were dressed in our uniforms, causing great uncertainty in the movements of the different parties sent out.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 12, 1862.

Gov. ANDREW G. CURTIN, Harrisburg, Pa.:

General Wool is authorized to stop any troops he may deem proper.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

