
HANOVER JUNCTION, October 12, 1862-7.25 a. m.

GEORGE B. McCLELLAN, Headquarters:

I am here with two regiments of infantry and a battery of artillery;

two more regiments are expected soon, when I shall go with the whole force to Gettysburg. The following dispatch has been received from Captain Haseltine, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, dated Gettysburg, October 11, 8.40 p. m.:

General Stuart, with about 3,000 cavalry and a battery of artillery, is now in Emmittsburg, Md. There is no force in Frederick adequate to meet them this morning in case they go that way.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 12, 1862-10.45 a. m.

Major-General WOOL, Hanover Junction:

Stuarts force passed through Urbana about 6.30 o'clock this morning. They crossed the railroad at New Market. Artillery firing has been heard since 9 o'clock this morning in the direction of Conrad's Ferry. It is supposed that part of Stoneman's force is engaged with Stuart's. Possibly the enemy has a force on the other side of the Potomac, at Conrad's Ferry, to create a diversion in favor of Stuart's crossing above.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 12, 1862-7 p. m.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL,

Hanover Junction:

General Pleasonton, who was in pursuit of the rebel cavalry, reports that they been driven back into Virginia, crossing the Potomac near the mouth of the Monocacy, and having marched over 90 miles in the previous twenty-four hours, while he, in pursuit, marched 78 miles in the same time, overtaking them at the river while they were crossing, and engaging their artillery, which was in position were he arrived.

Results not yet reported.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same dispatch to Governor Curtin, Harrisburg.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Knoxville, Md., October 13, 1862-9 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

At 1 o'clock p. m., on October 11, the following was sent to General Stoneman, at Poolesville:

A force of rebel cavalry, supposed to be about 2,000 strong, crossed into Maryland yesterday at McCoy's Ferry, above Williamsport; staid at Chambersburg last night, and left there this morning at 9 o'clock in the direction of Gettysburg. It is possible

they may attempt to recross the river opposite Leesburg. The commanding general direct that you keep your cavalry well out on all the approaches in the direction of Frederick, so as to give you time to mass your troops at any point where they attempt

