HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON,October 13, 1862-1.20p. m.

Brigadier General GEORGE STONEMAN, Poolesville:

Anticipating a dash of Stuart's cavalry in this direction, the General-m-Chief has ordered everything to be on the alert. We will send a company of cavalry to Offutt's Cross-Roads, with advanced post at Coon's Ford, and another company to Great Falls. Should the enemy cross there, you ought to prevent his return. Could you do anything to prevent the crossing? What are your orders from General McClellan? Have you reported to him? Acknowledge.

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 13, 1862-2 p. m.

General W. W. AVERELL,

Care General Crook, Hancock, Md.:

Governor Curtin just reports that he has been informed that the rebels. supposed to be in very great force, are in Franklin Country; that this morning they were with 8 miles of Concord, and stole 1,500 horses last night. I think there must be some mistake about this, and if there is any foundation for the rumor, I believe it must be a part of Stuart's force which entered that way. You will please investigate the matter, and if you ascertain that there is any force which you force which you can cope with, you will pursue them day and night until you overtake and engage them. General Crook, with a division, is at Hancock, with cars ready to move by railroad to any point west with his whole division. Should the rebels move up the Potomac to recross, you will please keep General Crook constantly advised of their progress so that he may intercept them if possible. Acknowledge the receipt of this at once, and keep us fully advised.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 13, 1862-2 p. m.

General CROOK, Hancock, Md.:

Gov. A. G. Curtin just reports that he has been informed, by a reliable man, that the rebels, supposed to be in very great force,

are Franklin Country; that this morning they were 8 miles from Concord, and that they stole 1,500 head of horses last night. I think there must be some mistake about this; but the commanding general directs that you await in your present position, and send out your scouts to ascertain the truth of the rumor, and report everything you learn. Please communicate with General Pleasonton, and send him the above dispatch. You will remain in readiness to act till further orders.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

