
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 13, 1862

Gov. ANDREW G. CURTIN, Harrisburg, Pa.:

Your telegram of 11 a. m. forwarded to General McClellan. We have here cavalry barely sufficient for picket duty. The delay of the States in raising cavalry leaves us greatly crippled in that arm.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HARRISBURG, PA., October 13, 1862-1 p. m.

Maj General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The following just received, in answer to dispatch just sent you:

CHAMBERSBURG, October 13, 1862.

Governor CURTIN:

We hat Junkin's rumors, with thousands of others, but they are entirely unfounded. Yo approach Concord they must cross at London, 10 miles west from here, on the pike, and we have word from there hourly. Concord is at the head of Path Valley, and to enter it they must go by Mercersburg and London, and cross Cove Mountain at London and Fannettsburg, and we could not be without the information. It is entirely unfounded, and results from exaggerated

rumors of their cavalry being at Saint Thomas on Friday night. About 60 rebel cavalry are just report by one of our officers to be in the neighborhood of Fayetteville, 6 miles east, on pike. They seem to have been scattered and retreating. We are amply prepared for them, and every one appearing will be fired at. Colonel Grant is here with two Vermont regiments of artillery [infantry].

A. K. McCLURE.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

HARRISBURG, PA., October 13, 1862-3 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I believe the rebels are now out of the State, by Adams Country. They took 60 horses this morning and 2 men, and left. There are still some in mountains in Franklin Country. In Adams Country they

plundered houses and stores. We have 3,000 cavalry here; one regiment in Pittsburg, and the Anderson Cavalry at Carlisle, 950 strong, waiting for horses and arms. As we have used the Anderson Cavalry twice (this time as infantry) on the border, and the men know the country and are adapted to such service, I suggest you had better mount and arm them, and put them on the line until the rebel army leaves. Our people are very much alarmed, and such incursions and pillage will have a very bad effect. Please telegraph me on this subject. We used all our cavalry as infantry last week.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 13, 1862-3 p. m.

Gov. ANDREW G. CURTIN, Harrisburg, Pa.:

Your telegram of 11 a. m. received. I do not credit the report about the 30,000 rebels being in Franklin Country, for the reason that Gen-

