
eral Averell with a large cavalry force is now in that section, and I have forces at all points along the Potomac who would, unless they are all captured, have reported the advance of any force from Virginia. If there is any foundation for the report, I believe it is a part of Stuart's cavalry, which must have been detached from him when he made his raid yesterday.

I have ordered General Averell to ascertain the truth of the report, and if he finds any force which he can cope with, to follow them day and night until he overtakes and engages them. I have also put all the troops on the Upper Potomac upon the alert, and will advise you when anything is done.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., October 13, 1862.

P. H. WATSON, Esq.,

Assistant Secretary of War:

The track of the Cumberland Valley Railroad was not injured by the rebels. Only the railroad buildings and some rolling stock at Chambersburg were destroyed. The trains are running thought to Hagerstown now, and ammunition and other supplies can be forwarded without delay.

W. W. WRIGHT,

Military Superintendent.
HEADQUARTERS, October 14, 1862-9 p. m. (Received 10 p. m.)

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL,Commanding Cavalry, Green Spring, Va.:

The Commanding general directs you to leave sufficient force to guard the railroad, and then to follow the enemy with the remainder of your troops, to intercept their retreat, if possible. Communicate frequently with these headquarters.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

OCTOBER 13, 1862.-Operations about Paris, Snickersville, and Middleburg, Va.

Report of Brigadier General Julius Stahel, U. S. Army.

CENTREVILLE, October 14, 1862.

I returned with my command this morning at 2 o'clock, having been very successful. My troops, under Captain Hanley, proceeded to within a half a mile of Paris, and, under Ayers, through Snickersville after I sent my dispatch to you yesterday. My troops met the enemy's cavalry everywhere, sometimes in small, sometimes in large numbers. We drove them in at all points. We have been attacked by White's cavalry, Loudoun Cavalry, and Sixth Virginia Cavalry, and finally we drove back a detachment of Stuart's cavalry, which were trying to cut off Captain Ayers, at Snickersville. Major Knox paroled between 80 and 90 prisoners in Middleburg. My other troops took 16 prisoners, 9 of whom were paroled, and, returning, 7 were brought into camp, with horses and

6 R R-VOL XIX, PT II

