
full equipments. Two of these were from Stuart's cavalry; others from White's and Sixth Virginia. One of our men was taken prisoner, but, after a chase of 6 miles, was recaptured. We also recaptured one of our men who had been taken prisoner by Stuart at Leesburg.

JUL. STAHEL,

Brigadier-General.

FRANZ SIGEL, Major-General.

OCTOBER 16-17, 1862.-Reconnaissance from Sharpsburg, Md., to Smithfield, W. Va., including skirmisher near Kearneysville and

Shepherdstown.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.-Major General George B. McClellan, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Andrew A. Humphreys, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 3.-General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

Numbers 4.-Return of casualties in the Confederate forces in the skirmish near Kearneysville.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General George B. McClellan, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 18, [1862]-10 a. m. (Received 11.10 a. m.)

The reconnaissance from Shepherdstown, under General Humphreys, returned safely to camp, opposite that place, last night. They were followed by the enemy's cavalry all the way back to Shepherdstown, skirmishing constantly. Before recrossing the river the First Massachusetts Cavalry the rebel cavalry, and drove them from the town. The force met by General Humphreys was composed of all arms. General Hancock had returned to Halltown with his command at dark last evening, and intended remaining there over night. I have instructed him to hold that position, if it can be safely done, with a brigade of his command. Information from prisoners show the entire rebel army is still in position from Bunker Hill to Winchester and that vicinity.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Reports of Brigadier General Andrew A. Humphreys, U. S. Army, commanding

Third Division, Fifth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS,Kearneysville,[Va.], October 16, 1862-sunset.

For a mile past, infantry, as well as cavalry, have partaken in the skirmish. The enemy have six pieces of artillery, two regiments of cav-

