
arly and some infantry. I hear nothing of the cavalry force that was to have advanced along the line of railroad to the Opequon nor of the reconnaissance toward Shepherdstown [Charlestown?] Therefore I shall encamp where the road to Halltown leaves this road, and where the road to Martinsburg likewise leaves it.

[A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Brigadier-General.]

[General PORTER.]
HEADQUARTERS RECONNAISSANCE, CAMP AT THE FORK OF THE HALLTOWN AND MARTINSBURG ROADS,October 16, 1862-8 p. m.

The vedettes sent to General Hancock returned after dark. In going,

they met, at the intersection of Baltimore and Ohio Railroad,300 cavalry and one piece of artillery of the enemy. A short distance beyond, they met the Harris Cavalry, which returned to General Burnside's camp. They me General Hancock at Charlestown; his artillery in position at 4,p. m.; his cavalry had begun to move beyond Charlestown. The Ira Harris Cavalry must be that referred to in the institutions as intended to move along the railroad toward the Opequon. But none has been as far as his road, nor can I now expect. I shall move to Leetown tomorrow morning, and try to communicate with General Hancock. I have stated, in a previous report, what force I have felt. It was stated by persons living on the road near Kearneysville that the enemy have there brigades of infantry, besides their cavalry. They leave at least two regiments of cavalry and four or six pieces, besides the two on the Martinsburg road and the two on the Halltown road. Two of these pieces, on adjoining roads, may perhaps be counted as appearing later on the main road.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Reconnaissance.
HDQRS. ONE-HALF MILE BEYOND KEARNEYSVILLE,October 17, 1862-3 a. m.

We have moved this far this morning without molestation. A colored man, whom we took here last night, says, "The enemy sent back their main body for re-enforcements."

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant-Colonel WEEB,

Chief of Staff, Fifth Army Corps.

P. S.-We had 1 killed and 10 wounded yesterday, and took 2 prisoners of the Fifth Virginia Infantry. Found 2 of the enemy dead on the side of the road.
HEADQUARTERS TWO MILES BEYOND KEARNEYSVILLE,[October 17?], 1862-4 a. m.

A prisoner we have just taken, of Fifth Virginia Cavalry, states that Lee's whole force of cavalry, six regiments, at least, are in our front and flank, and at least one brigade of infantry and six pieces of artil-

