
lery. Their camp was at Strider's Mill, 3 miles from here, but was moved yesterday farther along the Opequon. They control this road, so far as my cavalry is concerned. I cannot send it from me. They are strong enough to dismount their cavalry in front as infantry. As soon as I have dislodged them in front, I shall either send the cavalry forward, with two pieces of artillery, the gunners of which I have mounted, or return with the whole force.

Since having occupied the cavalry in General Hancock's right, it is

probable his cavalry have effected the object of the reconnaissance.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Brigadier-General.

[Col A. S. WEBB.]

HUMPHREYS' COMMAND,

Near Kearneysville, October 17, 1862-6 a. m.

I move to Leetown, and will send forward my cavalry to Smithfield, if possible. There were, last evening, two regiments of cavalry, three or more of infantry, and from four to six huns in front of me. They may have been re-enforced last night. Let me know as soon as possible what your movements are.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Reconnaissance from Shepherdstown.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Reconnaissance from Harper's Ferry.

[Indorsement.]

Colonel Strother says there is a rumor that Stuart has 10,000 cavalry ahead, 8 miles to our right.

W. S. H.
HEADQUARTERS HUMPHREYS' COMMAND,ON ROAD TWO MILES BEYOND KEARNEYSVILLE,

October 17, 1862-9.15 a. m.

We have a very large force of the enemy in front and on our right flank, and are moving cautiously. The last dispatch was dated half an hour too late; it should have been 7.30 o'clock.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Reconnaissance.

Colonel A. S. WEBB,

Chief of Staff, Fifth Corps.

P. S.-One of the men taken prisoner yesterday, it has been found out, communicated our number and the object of the expedition to the enemy.
HEADQUARTERS,Leetown, October 17, 1862-12.30 p. m.

Received the orders to return at 12.30 o'clock. Communicated at once to General Hancock the hour of my intended withdrawal from this point and have just received a communication from him, dated 11.40, seining that he would withdraw from Charlestown in two hours. At 1

