
the extensive line we have to guard, require at least a double amount of cavalry than we now have at our disposition.

Second. The numerous posts on picket at Fairfax and Centreville require alone over 200 men; whereas, for the present, our cavalry force in all does not amount to 1,000 men, among whom 200 at least are not fit for duty, be it on account of the unserviceable condition of the horses or of the sickens of the men.

In order to benefit the service and further our cause, we ought have, at least, an available force of 1,500 men, of cavalry, of which 500 ought to remain in reserve. While 600 are engaged in expeditions, the remainder (400) would remain there for outpost duty and small scouting parties within and without our lines.

Humbly submitting my report and my views to your kind consideration, I have the honor, general, to remain, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH KARGE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Detachment.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEFENSE SOUTH OF THE POTOMAC,Arlington, October 7, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded. This report discloses a most lamentable state of affairs. It is to be hoped that the rebels ere this have done something for their suffering wounded. I expect to increase the cavalry force in the advance.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General SIGEL,

Commanding Eleventh Corps.

SEPTEMBER 30, 1862. -Skirmish near Gleville, W. Va.

Report of Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army.

NEW CREEK, VA., October 1, 1862.

Nothing new; all quiet here. Can hear nothing of the force reported to have left Martinsburg on Saturday. The enemy's pickets extend west from Winchester as far as Bloomery Gap, on the Springfield road, and Big Cacapon Bridge, on the Romney road. A detachment of my cavalry (50) attacked 65 of Jenkins' cavalry, near Glenville, in Gilmer county, yesterday, and routed them completely; killed 5, wounded several; took 2 prisoners and 8 horses.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac.

