
OCTOBER 16-17, 1862.-Reconnaissance from Harper's Ferry to Charlestown, W. Va., and skirmish en route.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Winfield S. Hancock, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Second Army Corps.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General John C. Caldwell, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 3.-Colonel Samuel K. Zook, Fifty-seventh New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 4.-Colonel William R. Lee, Twentieth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding Provisional Brigade.

Numbers 5.-Major Charles J. Whiting, Second U. S. Cavalry.

Numbers 6.-Colonel Thomas T. Munford, Second Virginia Cavalry, commanding brigade, of skirmish at Charlestown.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Winfield S. Hancock, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Second Army Corps.

OCTOBER [16], 1862.

I am now in Charlestown. The enemy have taken the right hand road toward Berryville, toward the Shenandoah. I believe they have nothing but horse artillery and cavalry. They now hold a knoll and the Winchester road.

As soon as I establish my line beyond the town, I will send the cavalry forward. I have had 9 men hurt.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK.

General COUCH.

OCTOBER 16, 1862-1 o'clock.

GENERAL: I cannot ascertain how much cavalry force was here, with any certainty. All numbers are stated, from 200 to five regiments.

There were from five to seven guns. The enemy's cavalry pickets are moving about to my right and left rear; I therefore have to picket those roads a good deal. This will reduce the cavalry force available to move foward, to about 600 men. This command seems small; still, as I have received no other instructions, I will order Colonel Devin to proceed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

[Not signed.]

Major FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps.

OCTOBER [16], 1862.

On my right, 1 mile to the rear of me, there is a road leading to Shepherdstown. Two miles distant from my road, toward Shepherdstown, can be seen, it is said, there pieces of artillery and about 60 men. One piece fired two at our pickets. This matter ought to be investigated, but I do not like to detail cavalry from the cavalry command, shortly to move forward, as it would create a good deal of delay.

Some of the people here say that Jackson is in Command at Bunker

