
ment Cavalry; Captain M. A. Reno, First Regiment Cavalry, commanding the supports to the horse artillery; First Lieutenant George Dickenson, Fourth Artillery, commanding that battery; Second Lieutenant Arthur Morris Fourth Artillery, temporarily attached to said battery, and Captain C. H. Morgan, Fourth Artillery, chief of artillery of the corps, who made the disposition of the artillery, are the only officers whom it is thought deserve special mention. First Lieuts. N. Bowen and J. H. Wilson, Topographical Engineers, were present, and afforded me valuable assistance.

Herewith please find the paroles of prisoners, and the reports of Brigadier General J. C. Caldwell, commanding Second Brigade; Colonel S. K. Zook, commanding Third Brigade; Colonel W. R. Lee, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, and Major C. J. Whiting, Second Cavalry; also report of Lieutenant Ritzius, provost-marshal of this division.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Maj FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps d' Armee.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,October 25, 1862.

This report of Brigadier-General Hancock is respectfully forwarded, and this most excellent officer is especially recommended to the favorable notice of the commanding general. Captain Sheldon, Sixth New York Cavalry, is the officer who made the dashing reconnaissance to Kearneysville, referred to by General Hancock.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General John C. Caldwell, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CALDWELL'S BRIGADE,Bolivar Height, Va., October 20, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the reconnaissance of the 16th and 17th instant:

Some distance beyond Halltown, where the artillery fire commenced, the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Miles, consisting of the Sixty-first and Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, was detailed from me, by order of General Hancock, and ordered to report to Colonel Brooke. I drew up two of my there remaining regiments (the Fifth New Hampshire and Seventh New York) in line of battle, on the right of the road, and put the third, the Eight-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, in column of division behind the center of the line. In this order, with skirmishers thrown out well to the front, I advanced to and through Charlestown. Just beyond the village, we halted until about 4 p. m., when, by orders, I advanced my skirmishers and line of battle through the woods, nearly 2 miles beyond Charlestown, and remained until relieved by the Sixth New York Cavalry, under Colonel Devin, when we returned to our former position, on the outskirts of Charlestown. We saw about 50 of the enemy's cavalry, which retired as we advanced.

