
and placed under the immediate command of Colonel N. J. Hall, Seventh Michigan Volunteers. The Fifty-ninth New York and Seventy-second Pennsylvania were ployed in column, in rear of the right and left flanks of the line, respectively. After some time, my command was moved, by the flank, upon the road suburbs of Charlestown, where the Seventh Michigan and Seventy-first Pennsylvania were left, under Colonel Hall, to support Tompkins' battery on the right, and these two regiments, with the Forty-second New York, furnished pickets for the right flank of the town till withdrawn on the next day. The other there regiments were in reserve, near the road.

Upon falling back toward camp, my command was the advance guard.

The seventh Michigan and Seventy-first Pennsylvania were deployed as skirmishers for 1,000 yards on each side of the road, until the head of the column arrived before Halltown, when the former was relieved, and joined the brigade, which was in line of battle on the right of the road. The Seventy-first Pennsylvania remained as pickets during the night, and returned the brigade to this place in the morning.

The troops under my command were not engaged with the enemy, but their behavior was in every respect perfectly satisfactory.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. R. LEE,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade, Second Division.

Capt, WILLIAM G. MITCHELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Hancock's Division.

Numbers 5. Report of Major Charles J. Whiting, Second U. S. Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY,October 19, 1862.

SIR: The troops under my command in the late expedition to Charlestown consisted of a battery of the Fourth U. S. Artillery, command by Lieutenant Dickenson; First U. S. Cavalry, 120 sabers, commanded by Captain Reno; Second U. S. Cavalry, 150 sabers, commanded by Captain Gordon, and the Sixth U. S. Cavalry, 300 sabers, commanded by Captain Sanders.

Casualties in the battery, 1 man killed and 3 wounded; in the cavalry, none.

The battery was supported by Captain Reno, with his regiment and one squadron of the Sixth Cavalry, dismounted.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. J. WHITING,

Major Second Cavalry.

General W. S. HANCOCK.

No. 6. Report of Colonel Thomas T. Munford, Second Virginia Cavalry, commanding brigade, of skirmish at Charlestown.

APRIL 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I beg leave to report the following as the substance of what occurred at Charlestown, in Jefferson Country, October 16, 1862: My brigade was stationed near Cabletown, on the pike between Charles-

