
town and Berryville, and picketed from Walper's Cross-Roads, on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, to Berry's Ferry. The Twelfth Virginia

Cavalry was on picket at Charlestown, under command of Lieutenant Colonel R. H. Burks. Capt B. H. Smith, jr., Third Company Richmond Howitzer, was also on Picket, supporting Lieutenant J. W. Carter, of R. P. Chew's battery, of my brigade, with one 3-inch rifle gun. Captain S[mith] had two 10-pounder Parrotts of his own and one from Watson's battery. The enemy drove in our pickets early in the morning, with a division of infantry, artillery, and cavalry. With four pieces of artillery, admirably handled, these gallant officers and men held at bay for four hours the advance of McClellan's grand army, and only retired when their ammunition was exhausted. Captain Smith at one time, with but two guns, contended with sixteen guns of the enemy, and while making this splendid defense, lost his foot, and was captured in the town as his last piece was retiring from the field.

In this engagement our loss was 2 killed and 3 wounded in the artillery. The enemy acknowledge a loss of between 75 and 100 men killed and wounded.

The brigade, consisting of the Twelfth, Seventh, and part of the Second, was held to support the picket in rear of the town, and when the cavalry retired through the town several members of the Twelfth Cavalry were wounded. We fell back gradually, skirmishing with them, and disputing every foot of ground.

General Hancock, of the Yankee army, commanded the advance of their troops occupying the town. They threw out their pickets halt a mile, and remained there until the text morning, when they returned hastily to Harper's Ferry.

Lieutenant Carter, of Chew's battery, was wounded early in the action, but returned to his gun as soon as his wound was dressed.

I commend Lieutenant-Colonel Burks, Captain Smith, Lieutenants Carter and L. F. Jones for their gallant defense.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS T. MUNFORD,

Colonel Second Virginia Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain JOHN ESTEN COOKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.

OCTOBER 17-18, 1862.-Expedition to Thoroughfare Gap, Va., and skirmish.

Report of Brigadier General Julius Stahel, U. S. Army.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE,

(Received October 18, 1862-4.40 p. m.)

General BAYARD:

The following has just been received and forwarded for your information:

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

GAINESVILLE, VA., October 18, 1862.

General SIGEL:

As yesterday stated, I went forward to Upperville to meet the enemy. We found only Captain Gibson's company, and drove in their pickets,

7 R R- VOL XIX, PT II

