CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
made great progress in the arts of civilized life; and
through the operation of the schools established
among them, aided by the efforts of the pious men
of various'religious denominations—who devote
themselves to the task of their improvement—we
may fondly hope that the remains of the formidable
tfibes'which were once the masters of this country
will, in their transition from the savage state to a con-
dition of refinement and cultivation, add another
bright trophy to adorn the labors of a welhdireeted
trophy.
The accompanying report of the Secretary of the
Navy will explain to you the situation of that
branch of the service. The present organization of
the department imparts to its operations great effi-
ciency; but I concur fully in the prrpriety of a di-
vision of the Bureau of Construction, Equipment,
and Repairs, into two bureaus. The subjects, as
now arranged-, are incongruous, and require, to a
certain extent, information and qualifications alto-
gether dissimilar.
The operations of the squadron on the coast of
Africa have been conducted with all due attention to
the object which led to its organization; and I am
happy to say that the officers and crews have en-
joyed the best possible health, under the system
adopted by the officer in command. It is believed
that the United States is the only nation which has,
by its laws, subjected to the punishment of death, as
pirates, those who may be engaged in the slave
trade. A similar enactment on the part of other
nations would not fail to be attended by beneficial
results.
In consequence of the difficulties which have ex-
isted in the way of securing titles for the necessary
grounds, operations have not yet been commenced
towards the establishment of the navy yard at Mem-
phis. So soon as the title is perfected, no further
delay will be permitted to intervene. It is well
worthy of your consideration, whether Congress
should not direct the establishment of a rope-walk,
in connection with the contemplated navy yard, as
a measure not only of economy but as highly useful
and necessary. The only establishment of the sort
now connected with the service is located at Boston;
and the advantages of a similar establishment, con-
venient to the hemp-growing region, must be ap-
parent to all.
The report of the Secretary presents other matters
to your consideration, of an important character in
connection with the service.
In referring you to the accompanying report of the
Postmaster General, it affords me continued cause
of gratification to be able to advert to the fact, that
the affairs of the department, for the last four years,
have been so conducted as, from its unaided re-
sources, to meet its large expenditures. Or. my
coming into office a debt of nearly §500,000 existed
against the department, which Congress discharged
by an appropriation from the treasury. The depart-
ment, on the 4th of March next, will be found, un-
der the management of the present efficient head,
free of debt or embarrassment, which could only
have been done by the observance and practice of
the greatest vigilance and economy. The laws have
contemplated, throughout, that the department
should be self-sustained; but it may become neces-
sary, with the wisest regard to public interests, to
introduce amendments and alterations in the sys-
tem. There is a strong desire manifested m many
quarters, so to alter the tarilf of letter postage as to
reduce the amount of tax at present imposed. Should
such a measure be carried into effect, to the full ex-
tent desired, it cannot well be doubted but that, for
first years of its operation, a diminished revenue
would be collected, the supply of which would ne-
cessarily constitute a charge upon the treasury.
Whether such a result would be desirable, it will be
for Congress, in its wisdom, to determine. It may
in general be asserted that radical alterations in any
system should rather be brought about gradually,
than by sudden changes; and by pursuing this pru-
dent policy in the reduction of lettei\ postage, the
department might still sustain itself through the
revenue which would accrue by the increase of let-
ters. The state and condition of the public treas-
ury have, heretofore, been such as to have precluded
the recommendation of any material change. The
difficulties upon this head have, however, ceased,
and a large discretion is now left to the government.
I Cannot too strongly urge the policy of authoriz-
ing the establishment of a line of steamships regu-
larly to ply between this country and foreign ports,
and upon our own waters, for the transportation
of the mail. The example of the British govern-
ment is well worthy of imitation in this respect.
The belief is strongly entertained that the emolu-
ments arising from the transportation of mail matter
to foreign countries would operate of itself as an in-
ducement to cause individual enterprise to undertake
that branch of the task; and the remuneration of the
government would consist in the addition readily
made to our steam navy m case of emergency by the
ships so employed. Should this suggestion meet
your approval, the propriety of placing such ships
under the command of experienced officers of the
navy will not escape your observation. The appli-
cation of steam to the purpose of naval warfare
cogently recommends an extensive steam marine as
important in estimating the defences of the country.
Fortunately, this may be attained by us to a great
extent, without incurring any large amount of ex-
penditure. Steam vessels to be engaged in the trans-
portation of the mails on our principal watercourses,
lakes, and parts of our coast, could also be so con-
structed ks to be efficient as war vessels, when need-
ed; and would, of themselves, constitute a formidable
force, in order to repel attacks from abroad. We
cannot be blind to the fact that other nations have
already added large numbers of steamships to their
naval armaments; and that this new and powerful
agent is destined to revolutionize the condition of
the world. It becomes the United States, therefore,
looking to their security, to adopt a similar policy;
and the plan suggested will enable them to do so at
a small comparative cost.
■ I take the greatest pleasure in bearing testimony
to the zeal and untiring industry which has charac-
terized the conduct of the members of the executive
cabinet. Each, in his appropriate sphere, has ren-
dered me the most efficient aid in carrying on the
government; and it will not, I trust, appear out of
place for me to bear this public testimony. The
cardinal objects which should ever be held in view
by those intrusted with the administration of public
affairs, are rigidly, and without favor or affection, so
to interpret the national will, expressed in the laws,
as that injustice should be done to none—justice to
all. This has been the rule upon which they have
acted; and thus it is believed that few cases, if any,
exist, wherein our fellow-citizens, who, from time
to time, have been drawn to the seat of government
for the settlement of their transactions with the gov-
ernment, have gone away dissatisfied. Where the
testimony has been perfected, and was esteemed sat-
isfactory, their claims have been promptly audited;
and this in the absence of all favoritism or par-
tiality. The government which is not just to its
own people, can neither claim their affection, nor
the respect of the world. At the same time the
closest attention has been paid to those matters
which relate more immediately to the great concerns
of the country. Order and efficiency in each branch
of the public service have prevailed, accompanied
by a system of the most rigid responsibility on the
part of the receiving and disbursing agents. The
fact, in illustration of the truth of this remark, de-
serves to be noticed, that the revenues of the gov-
ernment, amounting, in the last four years, to up-
wards of §120,000,000, have been collected and dis-
bursed, through the numerous governmental agents,
without the loss, by default, of any amount wor-
thy of serious commentary.
The appropriations made by Congress for the im-
provement of the rivers of the West, and of the har-
bors on the lakes, are in acourse ofjudicious expend-
iture under suitable agents; and are destined, it is
to be hoped, to realize all the benefits designed to be
accomplished by Congress. I cannot, however, suf-
ficiently impress upon Congress the great import-
ance of withholding appropriations from improve-
ments which are not ascertained, by previous exam-
ination and survey, to be necessary for the shelter
and protection of trade from the dangers of storms
and tempests. Without this precaution, the ex-
penditures are but too apt to enure to the benefit of
individuals, without reference to the only considera-
tion which can render them constitutional—the pub-
lic interests and the general good.
I cannot too earnestly urge upon you the interests
of this District, over which, by the constitution,
Congress has exclusive jurisdiction. It would be
deeply to be regretted should there be, at any time,
ground to complain of neglect on the part of a
community which, detatched as it is from the par-
ental care of the States of Virginia and Maryland,
can only expect aid from Congress, as its local le-
gislature. Amongst the subjects which claim your
attention, is the prompt organization of an asylum
for the insane, who may be found, from time to
time, sojourning within the District. Such course
is also demanded by considerations Which apply to
branches of the public service. For the necessities
in this behalf, I invite your particular attention to
the report of the Secretary of the Navy.
1 have thus, gentlemen of the two Houses of Con-
gress, presented you a true and faithful picture of
the condition of public affairs, both foreign and do-
mestic. The wants of the public service are made
known to you; and matters of no ordinary impor-
tance are urged upon your consideration. Shall I
not be permitted to congratulate you on the happy
auspices under which you have assembled, ana on
the important change in the condition of things
which has occurred in the last three years? Dur-
ing that period, questions with foreign powers, of
vital importance to the peace of our country, have
been settled and adjusted. A desolating and wast-
ing war with savage tribes has been brought to a
close. The internal tranquillity of the ceuntry,
threatened by agitating questions, has been preserv-
ed. The credit of the government, which had expe-
rienced a temporary embarrassment, has been tho-
roughly restored. Its coffers, which, for a season,
were empty, have been replenished. A currency,
nearly uniform in its value, has taken the place of
one depreciated and almost worthless. Commerce
and manufactures, which had suffered in common
with every other interest, have once more revived;
and the whole country exhibits an aspect of prosper-
ity and happiness. Trade and barter, no longer
governed by a wild and speculative mania, rest upon
a solid and substantial footing; and the rapid growth
of our cities, in every direction, bespeaks most
strongly the favorable circumstances by which we
are surrounded. My happiness, in the retirement
which shortly awaits me, is the ardent hope which
I experience, that this state of prosperity is neither
deceptive nor destined to be short lived; and that
measures which have not yet received its sanction,
but which I cannot but regard as closely connected
with the honor, the glory, and still more enlarged
prosperity of the country, are destined, at an early
day, to receive the approval of Congress. Under
these circumstances, and with these anticipations, I
shall most gladly leave to others, more able than
myself, the noble and pleasing task of sustaining
the public prosperity. 1 shall carry with me into
retirement the gratifying reflection that, as my sole
object throughout has been to advance the public
good, I may not entirely have failed in accomplish-
ing it; and this gratification is heightened in no
small degree by the fact that w-hen, under a deep
and abiding sense of duty, I have found myself con-
strained to resort to the qualified veto, it has neither
been followed by disapppoval on the part of the peo-
ple, nor weakened in any degree their attachment to
that great conservative feature of our government.
JOHN TYLER.
Washington, December, 1844.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the message was or-
dered to lie on the table, and the usual quantity to
bo printed.
Mr. EVANS moved that the usual extra number
—3,500 copies of the message without the docu-
ments, and 1,500 of the message and accompanying
documents—be printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER remarked that some of the docu-
ments accompanying the message were of an im-
portant and interesting character, and the number
proposed to be printed was, therefore, too small.
He moved that 3,000, instead of 1,500, of the mes-
sage with the accompanying documents, be printed."
The amendment was agreed to; and 3,500 copies
of the message without the documents, and 3,000
copies with the documents, were ordered to be
printed, in addition to the usual quantity, for the
use of the Senaie.
Mr. WHITE gave notice that he would to-mor-
row ask leave to introduce the following bills, viz:
A bill for the continuation of the Cumberland
road in the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois;
A bill to grant certain lands to the State of Indi-
ana, the better to enable the said State to extend
and complete the Wabash and Erie Canal from
Terra Haute to the Ohio river; and
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Joshua Kennedy, of Alabama.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Senate adjoutned
till to-morrow, IS o'clock.
