t
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
/Tellers were ordered; and the vote being taken in
that way, the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurring on agreeing to the resolu-
tion—
Mr. PAYNE asked if it was in order to offer an
amendment? •>
"The SPEAKER replied that it would not be in
order.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. DROMGOOLE observed that, as the resolu-
tion "for printing had been disposed of, the message
was then before the House. He moved to refer it
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. PARMENTER moved that the message and
documents be laid on the table.
Mr. DROMGOOLE observed that he was not
disposed to debate a question in which debate was
not in order; but he would inquire of the gentleman
from Massachusetts whether he wished to put the
President's message in a condition that it would re-
quire two-thirds to take it up?
The question was put on the motion to lay the
message and documents on the table, and decided in
the negative.
The message and documents were then referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WRIGHT of Indiana, gave notice, that on
to-morrow, or some subsequent day, he would ask
leave to introduce a bill making appropriations for
the Cumberland road in Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.
Mr. PRESTON KING gave notice of his inten-
tion, on some future day, to introduce a bill to re-
duce and regulate the rates of postage.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL gave notice that he
would, to-morrow, or some subsequent day, move
to bring in a bill to alter and amend the naturaliza-
tion laws of the United States.
DISTRIBUTION.
Mr. G. DAVIS offered the following joint resolu-
tion:
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives of
the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, That
the Secretary of the Treasury be, and is hereby, authorized
and directed to pay over to the treasurer, or other proper
authority of the several States ol the United States, the sum
of $9,867,214 99, the fourth instalment of the money in the
treasury directed to be deposited with the several States by
the act entitled "An act to regulate the deposites of the pub-
lic money," approved June 23, 1836; the distribution here-
by directed to be made quarterly in equal instalments, ac-
cording to the pro visions of the act aforesaid.
Mr. WELLER asked if that resolution was in
orde. If not, he should object ts its reception.
The SPEAKER said that it was in order.
Mr. WELLER moved to lay it on the table.
Mr. G. DAVIS called for the yeas and nays;
which were ui tiered.
Mr. STEENROD said that the joint resolution
being of the nature of a bill, it was not in order for
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. G. Davis] to
introduce it without one day's previous notice.
The SPEAKER remarked to the gentleman from
Kentucky that he would find himself much embar-
rassed in proceeding with a bill or a joint resolution
in the present condition of the House—there being
no standing committees yet appointed, to which it
could be referred. The very next step to be taken
after the second reading of the resolution, this diffi-
culty would arise.
Mr. DAVIS wished the question to be taken on
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Weller.]
The question was then taken on laying the resolu-
tion on the table, and decided in the affirmative—
i 105, nays 68, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arrington, Atkinson, Benton, Bidlaek,
Edward J. Black, James A. Black, Blackwell, Brinker-
hoff, William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Carpenter,
Jeremiah E. Gary, Catlin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A.
Chapman, Chnton, Cobb, Dana, Daniel, John W. Davis,
Dawson, Dean, Dillingham, Douglass, Dromgoole, Duncan,
Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, French, Byram Green, Hale,
Hanmbal Hamlin, Haralson, Henley, Herrick, Holmes,
Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, Hughes, Hun-
gerTord, James B Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jameson,
Cave Johnso*, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Preston
King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin,
Lyon, McClelland, McClernand, McConnell, McDowell,
McKay, Joseph Morris, Isaac E. Morse, Norris, Owen, Par-
menter, Payne, Pratt, Rathbun, David S. Reid, Reding,
Relfe,| Rhett, Ritter, St. John, Saunders, Thomas H. Sey-
mour, David L. Seymour, Simpson, Slidell, Thomas Smithf
Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles,
James W. Stone, Alfred P. Stone, Taylor, Thompson, Tib-
batts, Weller, Wentworth, Wheaton, Benjamin White,
Williams, woodward, Joseph A. Wright, Yancey, and
Yotf-106. r &
NAYS—-Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer,
Barnard, Brodhead, J.Brown, Buffington, Causin, Chilton,
Clingman, Collamer, Cranston, Darragh, G. Davis, Deberry,
Dellet, Dickey, Fish, Florence, Foot, Fuller, Giddings,
Goggin, Grinnell, Grider, E. S. Hamlin, Hardin, Harper,
Hudson, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. John-
son, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Mellvaine, Marsh,
Edward J. Morris, Freeman H.Morse, Moseley, Nes, New-
ton, Patterson, Peyton, Phoenix, Pollock, Elisha R. Potter,
Preston, Ramsey, Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers, Sample,
Schenck, Senter, Severance, John T. Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Stephens, Thomasson, Tyler, Vinton, Wethered, John
White, Winthrop, and William Wright—68.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, December 4, 1844.
Messrs. Henderson and Miller, in addition to
those senators heretofore announced, appeared in
their seats to-day.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the credentials of
the Hon. Chester Ashley, senator, elected by the
legislature of Arkansas to fill the vacancy occa-
sioned by the death of the Hon. W. S. Fulton.
The credentials having been read, "Mr. Ashley
was qualified and took his seat.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, it was
Resolved, That the 34th rule be so far suspended that the
piesiding officer of the Senate shall appoint for the present
session the standing committees of the-Senate.
A joint resolution was received from the House,
proposing the appointment of two chaplains, one by
each House, and providing for an interchange of
their services.
The resolution having been read, was then, on
the motion of Mr. WHITE, considered and adopt-
ed; and,
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Senate
proceeded to the election of chaplain. The ballot
oeing taken, and counted, resulted as follows:
Whole number of votes 27, of which
Rev. Mr. Tuston received - - - 25
Rev. Mr. Hale - - - - 1
Rev. Mr. Sprole - - - - 1
Rev. Mr. Tuston was therefore declared to be
elected.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, leave was grant-
ed to withdraw from the files the documents accom-
panying the petition of Jacob Brandega, praying
that his claim to a tract of land may be confirmed.
Mr. EVANS gave notice that he would, to-mor-
row, ask leave to introduce a bill for the benefit of
David Shaw and Daniel Boston.
Mr. ATHERTON gave notice that he would, to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill for the settle-
ment of the claims of New Hampshire against the
United States.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies one day on the ta-
ble, viz:
Retolctd, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate a copy of all the
proceedings in the case of the inquiry into the official con-
duct of Silas Reid, esq , principal surveyor of Missouri and
Illinois, so as to show a full view of all the complaints
against him, and of all the evidence taken m relation
thereto, and the decision of the President thereupon.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Senate
a communication from the Treasury department,
transmitting in pursuance of law, a copy of the treas-
urer's accounts with the United Stat* s, for the third
mid fourth quarters of 1343, a>id the first and second
quarters of 1844, as adjusted by the accounting
officers of the department; which, on motion Mr.
HUNTINGTON, was ordered to lie on the table.
On friotion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 4, 1844.
The minutes of yesterday were read and approv-
ed.
ADDITIONAL MEMBERS.
Since the publication of the list of members pres-
ent on Monday, the following have appeared, and
taken their seats:]
Hon. Jacob Collamer, from the State of Ver-
mont;
Hon. Julius Rockwell, from the State of Mas-
sachusetts;
Hon. Smith M. Purdy, and Hon. Thomas J.
Patterson, from the State of New York;
Hon. Lucius Q,. C. Elmer, from the State of
New Jersey;
Hon. John T. Smith, from the State of Pennsyl-
vania;
Hon.'JosETPH H. Peyton, from the State of Ten-
nessee;
Hon. John Jameson, from the State of Missouri;
Hon. Charles H. Carroll, from the. State of
New York;
Hon. Gr. W. Summers, from the State of Vir-
ginia;
Hon. Jeremiah Russell, from the State erf New
York; and
Hon. W. H. Hammett, from the State of Missis-
sippi. -
NOTICES OF BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. PRATT gave notice that he should hereaf-
ter ask leave to introduce the followingjointresolu-
tion:
Resolved by the Seriate and House of Representatives of the
Unitid States of Jlmenca in Congress assembled, That the
Secretary of War be allowed to loan such maiquees and
tents as he may think pjoper, whenever officially requested
by any regularly-organized State agricultural society, to
promote the convenience of the farming and mechanical
community, and the public generally, at the annual agricul-
tural fairs and cattle shows in the different States of the
Union—it being distinctly understood that such State socie-
ties shall be responsible for all loss or damage, and that the
articles be taken and returned safely -without any expense
to the government.
Mr. BURT gave notice that he should hereafter
ask leave to introduce a bill to repeal the duty on
cotton bagging and gunny cloth.
Mr.-JAMES A. BLACK gave notice of his in-
tention to ask leave to introduce a bill regulating the
pay of the army, and for other purposes.
Mr. PHCENIX gave notice of his intention here-
after to ask leave to introduce a bill to repeal the
duty on railroad iron.
Mr. DANA gave notice of his intention hereafter
to ask leave to introduce a bill to abolish the frank-
ing privilege, and to reduce the rates of postage.
Mr. McCLELLAND gave notice of a bill rela-
tive to the office of surveyor general for the States of
Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.
Mr. OWEN gave notice that to-morrow, or on
some subsequent day of the session, he would
move for leave to introduce a bill granting certain
lands for the completion of the extension of the
Wabash and Erie canal.
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS.
Mr. DUNCAN, pursuant to notice heretofore
given, asked leave to introduce a bill.
The SPEAKER suggested that there had been
no committees appointed; and "therefore the bill
could not be referred.
Mr. DUN CAN replied that he did not wish- its
reference to any other than the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired whether the notice
given by the gentleman from Ohio had been entered
on the journal; and, if so, whether the leave asked
must not be formally granted by the House?
Mr. DUNCAN remarked that he was asking
leave.
Mr. DROMGOOLE continued to remark that
leave must be formally given by this House; and
then the old parliamentary practice was, that the
old bill was brought in by a committee.
Mr. DUNCAN (after some conversation between
him, Mr. Dromgoole, and the Speaker, on the
precise course to be pursued) explained that the bill
was well known to this House, for it was passed
upon at the last session. It was a bill to provide
for the holding of the elections of electors of Presi-
dent and Vice President of the United States on a
uniform and certain day throughout all the States of
the Union.
The SPEAKER rose to put the question on the
motion for leave to introduce the bill; but
Mr. ADAMS interposed, and called the attention
of the Chair to the rule governing such proceed-
ing. The 114th rule was in these words:
••Every bill shall be introduced on the report of a com-
mittee, or by motion fur leave. In the latter case, at least
one day'sj notice should bo given of the motion, and the
motion shall be made, and the bill introduced, if leave is
given, when resolutions are called lor: such motion, or the
bill, when introduced, may be committed."
The SPEAKER decided that, under that rule, it
was not in order at this time to introduce the bill re-
ferred to.
Mr. DUNCAN said he gave notice a few days
ago that he would ask leave to introduce a bill
which he had prepared; and he now, in pursuance
of such notice, asked leave to introduce that bill.
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman from
Ohio that the 114th rule of order of the House pr©«
