12
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
' 'The SPEAKER informed the mover that the res-
plution could only be received at this time by gen-
etafcoiisept. ■
iRfX.^AlTSIN objected to its reception.
Mj.f STEENROD moved a suspension of the
rtfles~{or"the reception of the resolution.
; JVlr. J. P. KENNEDY called for the yeas and
jiayg thereon, and they were ordered; and, being
taljen, resulted thus—yeas 92, nays 75, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arrington, Atkinson, Benton, Bidlack,
James Black, James tA Black, Bowlin, Boyd, Brjnkerhoff,
Br&d&ead, Aaron V. Brown, William J. Brown, Burke,
Caldwell, Catlin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman,
Clinton, Cobb, Cranston, Dana, Daniel, John W. Davis,
P(*3n, Dillingham, Douglass, Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap,
Farlee, Ficklin, French, Fuller, Byram Green, Hale, Hanni-
bal Hamlin, Herrick, Hoge, Hopkins, Honston, Hubbell,
James B. Hunt, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Preston King, Leon-
ard,-Lucas, Lyon, McCauslen, McClelland, McDowell, Mc-
Kay, Mathews, Joseph Morris, Murphy, orris, Owen, Par-
menter, Payne, Pettit, Pratt, Rathbun, David S. Keid, Red-
ing, -Relfe, Ritter, Roberts, Robinson, Russell, Saunders,
Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour, Thomas Smith,
Eobetrt Smith, Steenrod, John Stewart, James W. Stone,
Alfred P. Stone, Strong, Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Wel-
ter, Wentworth, Wheaton, Benjamin White, Williams,
Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer,
Barnard, pdward J. Black, Milton Brown, Buffington, Burt,
Carroll, Causin, Clingman, Collamer, Darragh, Garrett Da-
vis, Deberry, Dellet, Fish, Florence, Foot, (biddings, Grin-
nell, Grider, Edward S. Hamlin, Haralson, Hardin, Harper,
Holmes, Hubard, Hudson, Hughes, Irvin, Jenks, Perley'B.
Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King, McConnell,
Mcilyaine, Marsh, E. J. Morris, F. H. Morse, Moseley, Nes,
Newton, Patterson, Peyton, Phcenix, Pollock, ElishaR. Pot-
ter," Preston, Ramsey, Rockwell, Rogers, Sample, Schenck,
Severance, Albeit Smith, John T. Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Spence, Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Stiles, Summers, Thom-
asson, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vinton, Wethered, John
White, Winthrop, Woodward, and Yancey—75.
So there not being two-thirds in the affirmative,
the rules were not suspended, and the resolution lies
over.
On motion by Mr. DROMGOOLE,
' Ordered, That when the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn
over to Monday next.
Mr. THOMPSON offered the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That all petitions and memorials presented to
this House at the last session of Congress, and referred to
the several standing committees, on which no report was
made, or in relation to which bills were reported which
were lost in either House, may be again referred to the
same committees, at the pleasure of the members by whom
they were respectively presented, on being handed, or a list
thereof presented, to the Clerk.
Mr. BARNARD gave notice that he would to-
morrow j or on some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a bill making appropriations for the im-
provement of the navigntion of the Hudson river
near Albany.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH gave notice that he'would
to-morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to
bring in a bill for the relief of William McCauley;
also a bill for the relief of Isaac Barber.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Dec. 9, 1844.
Messrs. Breese, Archer, and Morehead, in ad-
dition to those senators heretofore announced, ap-
peared in their seats to-day.
Mr. BREESE presented the credentials of the
Hon. Henry A. Foster, appointed by the governor
of New York a senator from that State to fill the
vacancy occasioned by the resignation of the Hon.
Silas Wright. Also, the credentials of the Hon.
Daniel S. Dickinson, appointed by the governor of
New York a senator from that State to fill the va-
cancy occasioned by the resignation of the Hon.
Nathaniel P. Tallmadge.
The credentials having been read, the senators
were qualified.
The CHAIR announced to the Senate the follow-
ing standing committees, viz:
On Foreign Relations.—Mr. Archer, chairman,
Messrs. Berrien, Buchanan, Morehead, and Choate.
Ore Finance.—Mr. Evans, chairman. Messrs.
Crittenden, McDuffie, Huntington, and Woodbury.
On Commerce.—Mr. Huntington, chairman.
Messrs. Barrow, Woodbridge, Heywood, and Fos-
ter of New York.
On Manufactures.—Mr. Simmons, chairman.
Messrs. Archer, Miller, Buchanan, and Upham.
On Agriculture Mr. Upham, chairman. Messrs.
Bates, Sturgeon, Semple, and Atchison.
On Military Affairs.—Mr. Crittenden, chairman.
Messrs. Benton, Barrow, Foster of Tennessee, and
Ashley.
On the Militia.—Mr. Barrow, chairman. Messrs.
Ashley, Semple, Fairfield, and Atchison.
OnNavalAJjairs.—Mr. Bayard,chairman. Messrs.
Pearce, Huger, Johnson, and Dickinson.
On Public Lands.—Mr. Woodbridge, chairman.
Messrs. Phelps, Walker, Jarnagin, ana Morehead.
On Private Land Claims.—Mr. Henderson, chair-
man. Messrs. Breese, Pearce, Tappan, and Col-
quitt.
On Indian Affairs.—Mr. White, chairman. Messrs.
Johnson, Sevier, Phelps, and Benton.
On Claims.—Mrr-Foster of Tennessee, chairman.
Messrs. Dayton, Woodbury, Phelps, and Hay-
wood.
On Revolutionary Claims.—Mr. Jarnagin, chair-
man. Messrs. Clayton, Francis, Colquitt, and
Hannegan.
On the Judiciary.—Mr. Berrien, chairman. Messrs.
Clayton, Dayton, Huger, and Walker.
On the Post Office and Post Roads.—Mr. Merrick,
chairman. Messrs. Simmons, Jarnagin, Niles, and
Atchinson.
On Roads and Canals.—Mr. Porter, chairman.
Messrs. White, Lewis, Breese, and Sturgeon.
On Pensions.—Mr. Bates, chairman. Messrs.
Sevier, Atherton, Foster, of N. Y., and Evans.
On the District of Columbia.—Mr. Miller, chair-
man. Mr. Bayard, Woodbury, Merrick, and Sem-
ple.
On Patents and the Patent Office.—Mr. Phelps,
chairman. Messrs. Porter, Bates, Sturgeon, and
Atherton.
On Retrenchment.—Mr. Morehead, chairman.
Messrs. Lewis, Miller, Huntington, and Fairfield.
On Territories.—Mr. Bagby, chairman. Messrs.
Evans,-McDuffie, Clayton, and Francis.
On the Public Buildings.—Mr. Dayton, chairman.
Messrs. Breese and Bagby-i
To Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate.—Mr. Tappan, chairman. Messrs. White
and Porter.
On Printing.—Mr. Simmons, chairman. Messrs.
Fairfield and Upham.
On Engrossed Bills.—Mr. Francis, chairman.
Messrs. Bagby and Atherton.
Joint Committee on the Library of Congress.—Mr.
Choate, chairman. Messrs. Tappan and Pierce.
On Enrolled Bills.—Messrs. Hannegan and Dick-
inson.
The CHAIR laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the State Department, accompanied by
statements, showing the manner in which the con-
tingent and other funds under the management of
that department have been disbursed.
On motion by Mr, EVANS, ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 14th February last, information
connected with the stranding of the ship Charles
Wharton; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. TAPPAN remarked that, in the Territory
of Iowa, which numbered a population of 83,001),
delegates had been chosen to a convention to form a
constitution for a State government, and to ask for
admission into the Union of the States. He had
the honor of presenting to the Senate the constitu-
tion formed by that convention, which he asked to
have printed and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. Action was taken accordingly.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
the board of trade of Philadelphia, asking that the
piers at Fort Penn may be put in repair by the gov-
ernment of the United States; and that the new
light-house on Brandy wine shoals, paitially con-
structed, may be completed by an appropriation
from Congress.
Mr. B. remarked, as it was also set forth in the
petition, that whilst liberal appropriations have been
made by Congress for promoting commerce on other
points on the seaboard, Philadelphia had been neg-
lected.
Mr. B. also presented a similar memorial, signed
by citizens of the city and county of Philadelphia,
and the State of Delaware. They were severally
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition from Smith
Cram, of Montville, Maine, a soldier of the army of
the revolution, praying for a pension: referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the petition and pa-
pers of James Duffy were ordered to be taken from
the files and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs,
On motion by Mr. FAIRFIELD, the petition of
Noah Miller was ordered to be taken from the files
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BAGBY presented the petition of Dr. Albert
A. Miller, son and only heir of Albert A. Miller,
aid-de-camp and brigade-major to Gen. Marion in
the army of the revolution; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. BAGBY, it was ordered that
the petition of Stephen Steele and James Daniel,
concerning the relinquishment of the reversionary
interest of the United States in a certain Indian res-
ervation, be taken from the files and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. BAGBY, the petition of
Jameson and Williamson was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. RIVES, the petition of Lucy
Roberts, the widow of John Roberts, praying for a
pension, was ordered to be taken from the files and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. HENDERSON, it was order-
ed that the memorial of the heirs of William Fisher
be taken from the files and referred to the Commit- *
tee on Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files the papers in the
case of Joshua Shaw.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented the credentials of
the Hon. David R. Atchison, (heretofore appoint-
ed by the governor,) elected by the legislature of
Missouri a senator from that State to fill the vacan-
cy occasioned by the death of the Hon. Lewis F.
Linn.
The credentials were read, and he was qualified.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON, it was ordered
that the memorial and other papers of Elizabeth
Fitch be taken from the files^nd referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a petition from
Jane Clark, praying for a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
The papers of Thomas D. Morrison, heretofore
presented by Mr. Woodbury, were referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
POSTAGE REFORM.
Mr. MERRICK gave notice that he would to-
morrow ask leave to introduce a bill to reduce the
rates of postage and to abolish the franking privi-
lege.
RE ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. McDUFFIE gave notice that he would to-
morrow ask leave to introduce a joint resolution for
the reannexation of Texas to the United States.-
-Mr. RIVES submitted the following resolution,
which, under the rule, lies one day on the-table,
viz:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate, if not incompatible with the public inter-
est to do so, any further correspondence which may have
taken place between the minister of the United States to
Mexico and the government of the republic, as well as any
communication which may have been received from the
minister of later date than those transmitted with the mes-
sage of the 3d instant.
Mr. HENDERSON, on leave, introduced a bill
to confirm the survey and location of lands in the
State of Mississippi,, east of Pearl river, and south
of the 31st degree of north latitude; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. WHITE, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of Joshua Kenne-
dy; which was read twice, and, with his petition
(which was ordered to be taken from the files) re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
WAREHOUSING SYSTEM.
On motion by Mr. WOODBURY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing a more ex-
tensive system of warehousing, with lea\e to report by bill
or otherwise.
The bill to change the time of holding the federal
courts in the State of Kentucky was read the second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The bill for the continuation of the Cumberland
road in the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
was read the second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
The bill granting certain lands to the State of In-
diana, the better to enable said State to complete the
Wabash and Erie canal from Terre Haute to the
