50
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
OREGON.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday by
Mr. Ax^en, being the next business in order, was
read: , .
Rzsotved, That the President be requested to lay before
the Senate, if m his judgment thatmay be done without
Prejudice to Hie public interests, a copy of any instructions
"which may have been given by the executive, to the Ameri-
can minister in England, on the subject of the Territory of
Oregon, since the correspondence which may have passed
between this government and that of Great Britain, or be-
tween^either of the two governments and the minister of the
other, m relation to that subject, since that time.
Mr. ARCHER remarked that this resolution
asked for papers to be communicated only in the
event that prejudice to the public service could not,
in the judgment of the executive, ensue. Since the
resolution was offered yesterday, he (Mr. A.) had
conferred with the head of the Department of State,
and now had it in his power to say to the Senate
that it ^was the opinion of the Secretary of State that
prejudice to the public service would be the result
of making the communications thus called for. He
(Mr. A.) hoped, therefore, he would have the con-
currence of the senator from Ohio in the suggestion
he should make to let the resolution be laid on the
table for the present.^ He invited this concurrence
in a spirit of courtesy; but if the senator should dis-
sent, he should feel it to be his duty to call upon
the Senate to reject the resolution.
Mr. ALLEN desired that this question should
take its regular course. The resolution was ad-
dressed to the President of the United States, and
not to the Secretary of State. It desired, on-the
part of the Senate, that a communication in relation
to these important public documents should be
•made to that body, only in the event of the public
interests not suffering by such communication.
When this resolution should be presented to the
President, it would be quite time to inform the Sen-
ate what was his decision as to making the corres-
pondence public. The senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Archer,] if he (Mr. Allen) understood him, said
that he had had some informal communication with
the head of the State Department, and that, from the
intercouse which took place, he was enabled to say
it was the opinion of the Secretary of State that
this correspondence could not be made public, with-
out prejudice to the public interests.
It was his (Mr. Allen's) desire that the opinion
in answer to this resolution should come from the
executive authority, in order that it might form a
part of the archives of the country—that it might
be an enduring opinion—and that it should be ex-
pressed under proper responsibility; and with that
view, he had submitted the resolution in the ordina-
ry form, and in the form which he should persist
to observe upon this and all like occasions. Yester-
day, when a resolution was submitted, calling upon
the President of the United States for the corres-
pondence between this government and the govern-
ment of Mexico, upon a subject of far greater del-
icacy than that involving a mere question of
geographical boundary line, and passed, among
others, he voted for it, as he should always vote
for such resolutions; and he saw no objection ap-
plying to the resolution now before the Senate, that
would not apply with far greater force to that to
which he had referred.
He would not, however, enter into those weighty
considerations which had actuated him in offering
the resolution. He would only state that he knew
of no mysteriousness which could attend the ques-
tion to which the resolution relates. He knew of no
form that the present negotiation could assume, or
of any circumstance attending the negotiation, which
should make it the duty of either government to
veil the transactions between them. But he should
ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. ARCHER observed that, when he submitted
to the honorable senator from Ohio the option
whether he would consent to lay the resolution on
the table, or submit it to the decision of the Senate,
in full view of the opinion of the department to
which it must necessarily be submitted, he had
hoped the senator would acquiesce in his suggestion.
But the senator did not seem to apprehend that, in
the choice submitted to him, any courtesy was of-
fered. He (Mr. Archer) did not for a moment
suppose, when he had made known the communica-
tion he had made from the Department of State,
that there could be two opinions as to the
propriety of disposing of this resolution.
If the honorable senator entertained a differ-
ent opinion, he must be the only one in the
Senate who could coneeiye -that, when a subject of
negotiation was pending between this government
and that of another country, it was proper for the
Senate, after it was made known from the execu-
tive department that disclosures would prejudice
such negotiation, to interrogate the chief magistrate
in regai® to its progress. It would be to call upon
the executive to expose the information most mate-
rial to this country, leaving unexposed that relating
to the government of Great Britain. When he (Mr.
Archer) told the honorable senator that he had
conferred with the head of the Department of State,
and that it was his opinion the communication called
for could not be made without prejudice to the pub-
lic interest, he did not anticipate that the senator would
object that the Department of State was not the
organ of the President of the United States.
Now he (Mr. Archer) should say that the Secreta-
ry of State is the only organ through which the
President can make any communication of this na-
ture to the Senate.' It was a subject in his hands;
and was it not by such organ that any approach
could be made to the information which the Presi-
dent is asked to communicate? Did any one ever
before hear a position advanced, which must lead
to the conclusion that an opinion might be com-
municated to the Senate, by the Department of State,
as an executive opinion, adverse and contrary to the
opinion and judgment of the chief magistrate him-
self? The opinion of the executive department is to
be taken as the opinion of the chief magistrate. The
subject is depending, at present, as a matter of nego-
tiation in the capital of the United States; and all
the Senate knew that any legislative interference
must have the tendency to disturb that negotiation.
But where would be either the propriety or decorum
of any interference? He (Mr. Archer) could hardly
conceive that, even in the ardor of political excite-
ment, it would be thought desirable to invoke party
spirit to sustain a course so manifestly impolitic.
But he was now glad the senator had declined the
courtesy which he (Mr. Archer) had shown every
disposition to extend to him; for it would give the
Senate an opportunity of making the decision itself.
He could not suppose that the senator's resolution
would be sustained after what he had made known
as the opinion of the Secretary of State.
Mr. ALLEN, after a few remarks, imperfectly
heard, said that the resolution (passed yesterday) to
which he had already referred, was in the following
words:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communicate
to the Senate, if not incompatible with the public interests
to do so, any further correspondence which may have ta-
ken place between the minister of the United States to
Mexico and the government of the republic, as well as any
communication which may have been received trom the
minister of later date than those transmitted with the mes-
sage of the 3d instant.
Now, this resolution, which was passed with
such brotherly harmony, relates to an important ne-
gotiation now pending between this country and
another. It relates to a negotiation, involving a
question of boundary, like that to which his reso-
lution referred; and there was found in this resolu-
tion, while pending before the Senate, no scruples
of indelicasy.
It was not supposed that the spirit of party would
be invoked to impede the passage of the resolution
which he had just quoted; but when the discussion
of Oregon came up—which was a question, and a
sole question of boundary, connected with no other
than that of boundary—which was a bare matter
of history,—the Senate was told it was one of
indelicacy!—that they must not even ask the Presi-
dent of the United States to make the correspond-
ence public at his own discretion; for it merely con-
sulted his judgment. If he had thought there
was anything indelicate in offering a resolution of
this nature, he would not have offered it. He de-
signed no indelicacy towards the President of the
United States, the Secretary of Stale, or any one
else. But a great question was pending—it was said
was in negotiation. Many of the facts relating to
it had already been spread before the public. The
President had nationalized the question to the peo-
ple in his annual message. He had made it a right
to his countrymen to inquire into each stage of the
negotiation, by the frequent and full allusions which
he had made to the subject.
The senator from Virginia [Mr. Archer] seemed
to forget that this was not a resolution addressed to
the President, without qualifications It was not
an order of the Senate that he should obey, or a
mandate; or even a request that he should comply
with its requisitions, without that constitutional sav-
ing qualification which it had always been the prac-
tice of that body to introduce in all resolutions of
this nature. He was asked, "ifin his judgment" he
could do so without detriment to the public welfare,
to furnish the correspondence.
He (Mr. Allen) thought the question between
the senator from Virginia and himself was not a
question as to whether this correspondence should
be made public; but, whether the communication
from the executive should be made formally, and
recorded. Where there was no reason for with-
holding the President's opinion, he desired to
have it. He wished it recorded. It should be
placed upon the archives of the government.
He did not wish it to be lost among the vague-
ness of floating verbal communications. If there
was any objection to the resolution, why was it ne-
cessary for the honorable senator from Virginia to
hold any intercourse with the State Department up-
on the subject? If it was indelicate for the Senate,
as one organized department of the national legisla-
ture, to make any appeal to the judgment of the
President connected with his treaty-making power,
was it not equally indelicate for one member of that
body to ask the same question of the Secretary of
State?
He had said that this resolution was addressed to
the President of the United States—not to the Sec-
retary of State; and he desired it to be understood
that he was not actuated in this business by any
disposition to tamper with the President, the Secre-
tary, or any body else; but purely by a desire to see
how this question stands, and that the legislative de-
partment of the government might know what to do
when the bill relating to the extension of our juris-
diction (for the protection of our citizensj over the
territory comes up. It was time to have this infor-
mation, if that object is to. be effected this session.
As he had said last session, the withholding from
Congress of this correspondence operated actually
as a veto power upon the legislation of Congress.
Congress could not wisely legislate upon a subject
about which it was ignorant as to facts. Congress
now desired to legislate upon it; to extend a protect-
ing arm over the defenceless citizens of that coun-
try, (Oregon,) and to take the preliminary steps,
pending the negotiation.
He wished to know if he understood the senator
[Mr. Archer] as making any motion on the subject?
Mr. ARCHER remarked that it was not neces-
sary to make any motion, and therefore he had not
made it. He did not suppose it was necessary to
say to any member of the Senate that there was no
negotiation pending between this government and
that of Mexico. It was notorious that no such ne-
gotiation was pending; and this was the circum-
stance which made the distinction between the reso-
lution adopted yesterday and that now before the
Senate. What was the objection which he had
raised against this resolution?' Was it not that there
is a negotiation pending on the subject? And what
is the argument of the senator-from Ohio? That a
similar resolution was passed yesterday withuut op-
position. But was it similar? Was it not on a sub-
ject about which there is no pending negotiation at
all? The senator from Ohio had made one remark
which was very just—that it was wholly superflu-
ous in him (Mr. Archer) to address himself to the
Department of State to know whether it was fit to
pass this resolution: it was superfluous; for he
(Mr. Archer) knew beforehand, as well as he
knew now, what would be the opinion to be
expected from the executive, through the
Secretary of State. And even if he had not
consulted the Secretary of State, he should
have known—as every senator would have known 
the impropriety of calling for papers relative to a
subject at issue, pending a negotiation for its ad-
justment. He (Mr. A.) was well assured he might
have spared himself the trouble of making; any in-
quiry; but he did inquire, out of respect forlhe Sen-
ate. The senator from Ohio might know better
than he did, what the state of affairs was between
this government and that of Mexico, and whether
there was or was not a pending negotiation. If one
was pending, ho (Mr. A.) was not aware of it.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
was adopted by yeas 24, to nays 16, as follows: '
YEAS —Messrs. Allen Ashley, Atchison, Atherton.Baebv
Benton, Breese, Buchanan, Colquitt. Dickinson, Fairfield,
Foster of New York, Hannegan, Henderson, McDuffie,
Niles, Pearce, Rives, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, White,
Woodbrirtge, and Woodbury—i>4.
NAYS -Messrs. Archer, Barron-. Berrien, Clayton, Crit-
tenden, Evans, Foster of Tennesee, Fiancis, Huntington,
Maiigum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Perter,-aa4
Uphira—16. ' ' -
