Congressional globe.
*
Should it be referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary,' it would also have to be referred to the
Committee on Territories when it came from the
first named committee; and thus the action of these
two committees would take up the greater part of the
session. He therefore advised the friends of this
measure, if they desired to see a bill pass before the
end of the session, to send it to the Committee on
Territories; for if it had to go to two committees,
it would take the whole winter, and the bill would
probably be lost.
Mr. CATJSIN referred to the 95th rule as quoted
above by Mr. E. J. Black, and argued from thence
that the Committee on Territories was the- most ap-
propriate reference.
The question was first put on referring the sub-
ject to the Committee on Territories, and decided in
the affirmative; and,
On motion of Mr. A.C.DODGE, five thousand
extra copies of the constitution were ordered to be
printed.
On motion of Mr. LEVY, the same number of
extra copies of the constitution of Florida were also
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WENTWORTH presented the petition of
William Hayes, esq., of Champlain county, State
of Illinois, praying for a pension: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
MARINE HOSPITALS.
Mr. KENNEDY, ofMaryland, offered a resolu-
tion directing the Committee on Commerce to in-
quire into the expediency of making an appropria^
tion for the establishment of a marine hospital at
the port of Baltimore.
Objections being made,
Mr. KENNEDY moved a suspension of the
rules, to enable him to present the resolution; which
having been carried, the resolution was again pre-
sented and adopted.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS moved a suspension 'of the
rules to enable the House to resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole on the graduation bill.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL desired to know the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER replied that it was the call on
the States for petitions: when petitions were last
called, the call was not gone through with, the
States of Virginia and Maryland having been omit-
ted.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS observed that, at the request
of several gentlemen, he would withdraw his mo-
tion until after the expiration of the morning hour,
giving notice, at the same time, that he would move
to go into Committee of the Whole on the gradua-
tion bill every day till it was disposed of.
The SPEAKER then commenced the call on the
States for petitions, and petitions were presented as
follows:
Prom Virginia: by Messrs. CHAPMAN and
GOGG1N.
Prom Maine: by Mr. GARY.
From Ohio: by Messrs. SCHENCK, VANME-
TER, and GIDDINGS.
Mr. GIDDINGS presented several abolition peti-
tions.
Mr. EDWARD J. BLACK raised the question
of reception.
Mr. GIDDINGS called for the yeas and nays on
that question.
The reading of one of the petitions being called
for, it was read accordingly.
Mr. BLACK of Georgia observed that, independ-
ently of the naked question of abolitionism, he ob-
jected to the reception of that petition as a pure
matter of villification, and containing a base false-
hood on its face. It was a foul disgrace to those
who sent it here, and to the member who present-
ed it.
Mr. RHETT asked if the question of reception
was debatable.
The SPEAKER replied, that the question was
debteable; but on notice of an intention to debate it,
it must lie over.
Mr."RHETT said he wished to debate the ques-
tion, and it was accordingly laid over.
Another and similar petition being read—
Mr. GIDDINGS moved its reference to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. E. J. BLACK raised the question of recep-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman propose
to debate it'
Mr. BLA CK. No, sir; I do not desire to debate
it, but to denounce it.
Mr. RHETT gave notice of his intention to de-
bate the question of reception, and the petition was
accordingly laid over.
Another petition of a similar character being
read—
Mr. GIDDINGS moved to refer it to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. BLA CK raised the question of reception.
Mr. GIDDINGS called for the yeas and nays on
hat question; which were not ordered.
The SPEAKER then put the question on the re-
ception of the petition."
Mr. THOMAS SMITH expressed a desire to
debate that question; and it went over, accordingly,
till to-morrow.
The Clerk next read another petition, submitted
by Mr. Giddings, of the same character; which,
after a few words from Mr. DROMGOOLE and
Mr. GIDDINGS, shared the same fate as its prede-
cessors.
Mr. GIDDINGS presented a petition from Alba-
ny, in the State of New York, against the annexa-
tion of Texas.
Mr. PETTIT said that subject had been re-
ferred to the whole people of this Union, who had
already reported on it, and therefore he moved to
lay the petition on the table.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL remarked that, as he
had not been so fortunate as to have an opportunity
to read the report which the gentleman from Indiana
referred to, he should be glad to hear, from thatgen-
tleman, some explanation of its contents.
Mr. WENTWORTH said the gentleman from
Pennsylvania would get all the information he de-
sired on the 4th of March next.
The SPEAKER then put the question on the
motion to lay on the table, and it was negatived.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH intimated that he desired
to debate the question of reception, and consequent-
ly the whole subject went over under the rule.
Mr. GIDDINGS offered another petition from
Ashtabula, in the State of -Ohio, which prayed
that the people of the free States might be ex-
empt from, in any way, aiding in the support of
the institution of slavery.
He moved the reference of this petition to the
Committee on the Judiciary; and on that question
the yeas and nays were called for and ordered.
Mr. RHETT "raised the question of reception.
Mr. DICKEY called for the yeas and nays on the
question of reception.
Mr. E. J. BLACK desired to debate it, and it
went over accordingly.
After a few words from Mr. Barnard, who con-
tended that the question of reception was not raised
at the proper time, the petition went over.
Mr. GIDDINGS presented another petition from
Ohio, which prayed for the necessary steps to be
taken to procure an amendment of the constitution
to alter the basis of representation, and make it uni-
form throughout the United States, such basis being
the free inhabitants thereof. But it also prayed, if
such an amendment could not be made, that the
animal property of the free States be represented, as
well as the slave property of the slave States.
Mr. DROMGOOLE begged to call the attention
of the House to the fact, that such a petition was
presented at the last session, and referred to a com-
mittee, whose report set forth that such an alteration
would cause a dissolution of the Union.
Mr. WINTHROP called the gentleman from
Virginia to order, on the ground that it was not m
order to debate th? question.
Mr. DROMGOOLE had no desire to debate the
question; but simply to state a fact. He then moved
to lay the subject on the table.
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays, and
th<iy were ordered, and resulted thus: yeas 135,
. nays 51.
YEAS—Messrs Arrington, A slip, Atkinson, Baily, Bar-
ringer, Benton, Bidlack. Edward J. Black, James Black,
Blackwell, Boyd, Brengle, Bnnkerhott, Brodhead, Aaron V.
Blown, Milton Brown, Wj Shorn J. Brown, Burt, Caldv ell,
Carpenter, Jeremiah M. Gary, Shepherd Cary, Causin, Reu-
ben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Clulton,
Clinch, Clmgman, Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Cullom, Dana,
Daniel, Garrett Davis, Richard D Davis, John W. Davis,
Dawson. Dean. Deberry, Dellet. Douglass, Dromgoole, Dun-
can, Dunlap, Ellis, Fanee, Ficklm, French, Fuller, Goggin,
Byram Green, Grider, Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, Hammett,
Haralson, Hays, Herrick, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hub-
bell, Hughes, Hungerford, James B. Hunt. Charles J. Inger-
soll, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
Andrew Kennedy, Kirkpatriek, Labranche, Leonard. Lucas,
MeCauslen, Mac lay, McClernand, McConnell, McDowell,
McKay, Joseph Morris, Isaac K. Morse, Murphy, Newton,
Norris, Owen, Parinenter, Payne, Peyton, Pollock, Elisha
E. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Pratt, David S. Reid, feeding,
Belle, Rhett, Bitter, Roberts, Rodney, RusseU, St.
"John, Sample, Saunders, Schenck, Senter, Thomas/H. Sey-
mour, DavidL. Seymour, Slidell, JohnT Smith,/Thomas
Smith, Robert Smith, Spence, Steenrod, Stephens, John
Stewart, Stiles, James W. Stone, Alfred/ P. Stone.
Strong, Summers, Sykes, Taylor, Thomassqri, Tibbatts,
Vanmeter, Wentworth, Wethereu, Benjamin White, Wil-
liams, Woodward, Yancey, and Yost—135. /
NATS—Mefsrs. Abbot, Adams. Anderson. Baker, Bar-
nard, Buffington, Carroll, Catlin, Collar&er, Cranston, Dar-
ragh, Dickey, Dillingham, Fish, Florence, Foot, Giddinga,
Grinnell, Edw. S. Hamlin, Harper, Henley, Hudson, Joseph
It. Ingersoll, Jrvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, John P. Kenne
dy, Preston King, Daniel P. King, McClelland, Mcllvaine,
Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Mosely, Pater-
son, Ramsey, Robinson, Rockwell, Rogers; Severance,
Caleb B. Smith, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vinton, "Wheaton,
John White, Winthrop, and Joseph A. Wright— 51.
So it was laid on the table.
Prom Illinois: by Messrs. SMITH, WENT-
WORTH, and FICKL1N.
Mr. SMITH asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be, and hereby
is, instructed to inquire into the propriety and expediency
of making some adequate provision for the relief of the nu-
merous unfortunate sufferers by the unprecedented flood in
the Mississippi river and some of its tributaries, in the
months of June and July, 1844; and that said committee re-
port to this House, at an^early day of this session, by bill or
otherwise.
After some conversation—
Mr. DROMGOOLE objected to the reception of
the resolution.
Mr. SMITH moved a suspension of the Tules to
receive it.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to suspend the rules.
Petitions were further presented, as follows:
Prom Missouri: by Mr. HUGHES.
Prom Alabama: by Messrs. PAYNE, DELLET,
and CHAPMAN.
From Iowa: by Mr. A.C.DODGE.
The Territory of Florida being called, Mr. LEVY
asked leave to introduce a resolution instructing the
Committee of Claims to inquire into the propriety of
reporting a bill for the relief of citizens of Florida
whose property was destroyed by order of the mili-
tary officer of the United States, at the town of
Miconopy and elsewhere, in Florida.
No gentleman objecting, the resolution was re-
ceived. "
Mr. ROBERT SMITH moved to amend the res-
olution by appending thereto th« resolution previ-
ously referred to by him.
Mr. LEVY hoped the gentleman would not over-
flow his resolution by adding another. [A laugh.]
The SPEAKER, after reflection, ruled the
amendatory resolution out of order.
The original resolution of Mr. Levy was agreed
to.
Mr. HENRY DODGE gave notice to the House
that he would ask leave to introduce a bill "to grant
a certain quantity of land to aid in the improvement
of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers, and to connetc the
same by a canal, in the Territory of Wisconsin."
The call of the States and Territories having been
completed—
Mr. OWEN (having been absent from his seat at
the call of the State of Indiana) on leave presented
a petition for a grant of land to aid in the comple-
tion of the Wabash and Erie canal; the reference of
which he moved to a select committee.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, remarking that there was
an appropriate standing committee, moved the ref-
erence to the Committee on Public Lands.
The question on the motion of Mr. Johnson (be-
ing put in order) was taken and decided in the affir-
mative.
So the petition was referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Messrs. J. W. DAVIS, SAMPLE, and G. DA-
VIS on leave presented petitions.
Mr. SAMPLE asked and obtained leave to in-
troduce a bill for the relief of Alanson Phiney.
HUDSON RIVER.
Mr. BARNARD, asked leave to introduce a bill
to provide for continuing the improvements in the
navigation of the Hudson river.
Objections were heard from several quarters.
Mr. BARNARD, remarking that hemerely asked
for the same indulgence that had been granted, and
that his object was merely to refer the bill to a
committee, (which would consume no time,) moved
a suspension of the rules in order to introduce the
bill.
The question was taken, and decide'3-ftt the affir-
mative, two-thirds voting therefor—ayeis 85, noes 28.
Mr. BARNARD accordingly introduced the afore-
