CONGRESSIONAL GLOSI),
curred, Will the House concur in the amendment
of the Committee Of the Whole? but he would sug-
gest that- the House should refuse to concur, and
thus, he would have an opportunity to present a sub-
aitute which he had prepared for the bill of the gen-
tleman from Ohio. That the House might under-
stand what his substitute was, he %oul<l request
that it might be read at the Clerk's desk for the in-
formation of the House.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Dromcoole
was read as follows:
. "Strike out all afterthe word 'that,' at the end of the sec-
ond line, and insert 'hereafter, in each year, in which elect-
ors of President and Vice-President are to be appointed by
each State, the said electors shall be chosen on one and the
same day throughout the United States—to wit: on the first
Tuesday next succeeding the first Monday in November.
But nothing in this act shall be construed to prevent the le-
gislatures of the several States from providing for the ap-
pointment of electors on some other subsequent day, in case
the electors, orany of them, in any State, shall not be cho-
sen at the time herein determined, or for supplying vacancies
arising from any cause, or for substituting electors absent
On the day prescribed for their attendance in meeting to give
their votes for President and Vice-President.
"Sec. 2. lie it further enacted, That all the provisions of
the act entitled 'An act relative to the election of a Presi-
dent and Vice-President of the United States, and declaring
the officer who shall act as President in ease of vacancy
both, in the offices of President and Vice-President,'
approved March 1,1792; and of the act supplementary to the
lime, approved March 20, 1804, now in force and not virtu-
ally repealed by this act, shall extend and apply to every
election of a President and Vice-President of the United
States.'"
• Mr. DUNCAN asked for the reading of the bill
as it had been reported from the committee; which
was readaccordingly.
Mr. D. would merely remark that this bill, as it
came from the committee, was just as simple as it
could be made. The amendment (the adoption of
which had placed the bill in this form) had been in-
troduced to meet the views of several gentlemen
who were desirous that it should contain the simple
proposition of the election being held upon a certain
specified day. The amendment now proposed by
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole]
was precisely what the bill was as it passed the
Committee of the Whole; but it also had two or
three provisions—the very provisions that gen-
tleman had objected in the bill first intro-
duced. "He said there was no necessity for them at
all. The bill, as it had passed the committee, se-
cured the exercise of the laws on the part of the
States in relation to the manner of elections, to can-
vassing the votes, to making the returns, &c. He
was willing that every gentleman in the House, if
it were possible, should have the exclusive honor of
the introduction of this bill and of presenting it.
He cared nothing about the honor, but the princi-
ple was what he desired to see established. There
had been a tendency on the part of the friends of
this bill to hug it to death. He doubted not the
skill of the gentleman from Virginia in parliamentary
matters; he would not have half his skill in parlia-
mentary matters for the best farm in Virginia, [a
langh;] for if he had, he should know nothing else.
But, as he had remarked, he did not want the bill
killed with kindness; he believed the bill as it had
passed passed the Committee of the Whole was
perfect—that it was an exercise of all the powers
conferred upon them by the constitution upon the
subject, and no more; it repealed no law3 at all,
but consisted of a simple naked proposition to fix a
uniform day. He hoped it would be passed in its
, present form.
Mr. JOHN CAMPBELL observed that, between
" the bill reported from the committee and the sub-
stitute of the gentleman from Virginia, he had no
choice. He rose for the purpose of moving an
amendment to the bill now under consideration, if
the bill was now open for amendment.
The SPEAKER remarked that it was.
Mr. C. then moved to strike out the time pro-
pose^ by the bill, and to insert the 1st Monday in
December.
The legislature of the State of South Carolina, he
said, by its constitutional provision, met on the first
Monday in December. The electors of that State
were elected by her legislature; and consequently
this bill, if passed, either compelled the legislature
of that State to hold an extra session, or would re-
quire an alteration of the constitution of that State to
confer their election directly upon the people. The
first Monday in December was sufficiently early to
decide the election; and he hoped the House would
see fit to make this alteration in the time.
Mr. HAMLIN said he had supposed the differ-
ence between the proposition of the gentleman from
Virginia and the bill as reported from the Committee
of the Whole, was the difference between tweedle
dum and tweedle dee. But if gentlemen examined
these two propositions, he believed they would find
a real, substantial difference between them. It con-
sisted in this: The bill of the gentleman from Ohio,
which had been adopted ill committee, contained the
express provision that, if a State should have held its
election upon the day named by this bill, and should
fail to elect electors, then the legislature might, by
law, appoint a subsequent day. The bill of the gen-
tleman from Virginia did not contain such a provis-
ion—it simply said if there should be no election
upon the day named, then the State might appoint a
subsequent day for the election. Now, the difficul-
ty was here: a State might not provide for choosing
electors upon that day—it might refuse to do it—and
then, by the very account of the gentleman from
Virginia, she might come in and appoint electors up-
a subsequent day, and thus negative and nullify the
law. The difference between the two bills, other
than that now pointed out, was a mere matter of
taste, and he did not deny that the gentleman from
Virginia might have used more taste, and conformed
his bill more closely to logical rules than the gentle-
man from Ohio had done. But as a matter of prin-
ciple he preferred the bill of the gentleman from
Ohio.
The SPEAKER inquired if«the gentleman from
Virginia offered his proposition as an amendment to
the bill.
Mr. DROMGOOLE replied that his impression
had been that it would not be in order; but, as it
now appeared that it was, he would move to amend
the amendment reported by the committee, by stri-
king out all after the word "that," and inserting
what he had offered, [which is above given.]
Mr. D. said he had no remarks to make in reply
to the suggestions or the observations of the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] or of the gentle-
man from Ohio, about rhetoric, parliamentary skill,
and all that. It might pass for what it was worth
with the House. There was one suggestion of the
former gentleman with reference to which he wished
to make a single remark, viz: that there was nothing
in the bill imperative upon the States to hold their
elections upon the day designated by the bill. It is
■(said Mr. D.) as imperative as the constitution of
the United States can make it. Imperative lan-
guage used in the bill can add nothing to the
obligations of the constitution of the United States-
The constitution of the United States said that Con-
gress might determine the day of choosing electors.
This bill determined it, and thus gives effect and
vitality to that provision of the constitution; and it
might as well be supposed that a State would not
regard the injunction of the constitution imposing
upon it any duty pertaining to the existence of this
confederacy, as to suppose it in this case. He
asked what the gentleman from Maine would pro-
pose to do if the States should refuse to provide for
the meeting of their electors at their capital on the
first Wednesday in Dcccmber, as the constitution
required? If the gentleman supposed cases alto-
gether improbable, he might, perhaps, build argu-
ments and draw conclusions therefrom; but argu-
ments founded on extreme improbabilities should
have no weight.
With reference to the remark of the gentleman
from Ohio, he had as little pride of feeling about the
matter as the gentleman himself, or as any other
man.
Mr. DUNCAN explained that he had not charged
the gentleman with any such feeling. He had in-
tended merely to convey the idea that he himself
had none. He could make more political capital
by dissecting one political coon [laughter] than he
could by twenty such bills.
Mr. RHETT inquired if it was now in order to
move to refer the bill to a select committee.
The SPEAKER replied that it was. '
Mr. RHETT said he would, then, make the mo-
tion. He had understood the gentleman from Ohio
that it was the motion he [Mr. Duncan] intended to
make when this bill came up in the House. He
(Mr. R.) did not know the differences the gentlemen
were discussing, and he could not vote understand-
ingly, either upon the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Virginia or the original bill.
He would suggest another reason why he thought
the bill ought to go to a committee. The gentle-
man from Ohio, in taking into consideration the va-
rious parts of the country, had not thought proper to
make any reference to the State he represented.
South Carolina, since the origin of the government,
had thought proper to elect her electors in electing
her legislature; the presidential election came
up in electing the legislature, and the legis-
lature, the first Monday in December, pronounced
the decision of the people with reference thereto.
Other States had formerly pursued this course.
South Carolina had thoi%ht proper to adhere to it;
they had found that form entirely congenial to the
feelings of their people, and they did not desire that
Ithearmof the general government should be ex-
pended to interfere with her policy or her rights.
: The gentleman from Virginia and the gentleman
from Ohio had remarked, in objection to the propo-
' sition to which he now referred, that the first Wed-
nesday in December was the time when the electors
counted out their votes; but that was a regulation of
Congress, and might be altered so as to coincide with
this law, if it was so formed as to accommodate
South Carolina. Now, as they had excepted Maine
—as they had made provision for the manner of
elections in Maine, and in the North—why not, in
like manner, in South Carolina' He took it for
granted, as a settled principle, that there should be
as little legislative interference on the part of this
fovernment with the State governments as possible,
le thought this bill had better be recommitted to a
select committee: he did not desire to be on it. The
presidential election was four years ahead: there
was no special emergency now. At the last Con-
gress there had been reason for the gentleman
from Ohio to press it, in order to prevent
the flagitious frauds from the transfer of votes from
one State to another; but the presidential election
was settled; we could have no more presidential
elections, thank God, for four years to come. He
therefore hoped gentlemen would allow time for the
proper maturing and perfecting of this bill by a
committee before they pressed the House to action
upon it.
Mr. BRENGLE remarked that he was decided-
ly in favor of the passage of the bill. Although he
had opposed it at the last session of Congress, it
had not been on account of any hostility to the bill;
on the contrary, he beiieved it eminently conforma-
ble to the will of the people of the country. It
was a measure of great importance, proposing a
very considerable change in the highest election of
our country; and, in proportion to its importance, it
ought to be deliberately matured. Mr. B. objected
to the provision of the first section, authorizing the
colleges of electors, in case any vacancy occurred
in their number, to supply such vacancy; and, in il-
lustration of what he supposed might be its detri-
mental effect, he supposed that that New York
were to elect eighteen electors of each political par-
ty to constitute its college, the two parties thus
balancing each other therein. In case a vacancy
occurred by death or otherwise, it would enable the
other party to fill the vacancy, and thus decide what
should be the character of the electoral vote of that
great State in contravention of the will of the people
expressed in their election of equal numbers of elect-
tors of both parties. This, he apprehended it would
not be denied, would be at war with the spirit of our
republican institutions. He proposed, in case of a
vacancy occurring, to confer upon the legislature the
power of filling it at its own discretion,"whether by
election by the people of the whole State, or of the
particular district. The objection to holding an elec-
tion over the State on the ground of expense, he
thought was entirely invalid; in the ease of the State
he had referred to, that State, at the late election,
had exercised a controlling influence over the ad-
ministration of the government for four years to
come; and the mere expense of holding an election
in a State was a slight consideration in the decision
of a matter of such momentous importance. In case
the vacancy occurred so short a time previous to
the meeting of the electoral college as to admit of
being filled in no other manner, it might be done by
the college themselves, but in such a case only. Al-
though they all agreed as to the propriety of a law of
this kind, there was a diversity of opinion in regard
to its precise provisions and details. He therefore
hoped it would be allowed to go, as proposed, to a
select committee.
This bill had been committed to a Committee of
the Whole House; yet, without feeling the slightest
disrespcct to that committee, he might say it was
the worst possible committee in which to mature a
bill. He preferred a committee even of but three
members, to the Committee of the Whole; for the
whole history of legislation proved that a small
committee was hetter than a large one for maturing
and perfecting the details of any measure. He
