C ON^Ri:SSlON if, OLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
38th Cong 2d Sess.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1844.
Volume 14....No. 3.
[Continued from Jib. 2.]
_ He did not mean now—for it was not the proper
time—to examine the grounds of these principles,
Or to institute an inquiry into the merits of the reso-
lution. He had merely risen to respond to the sen-
timent expressed by the honorable senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] that gentlemen opposed to him
in opinion would embody, in some definite form,
the grounds of their opinions: That office could
be better performed by the honorable chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary [Mr. Berrien]
than himself; and he (Mr. A.) took occasion to
express the hope to him, that he would find occa-
sion to make a yery early report, to satisfy not only
the solicitude of the honorable senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Allen,] but the whole people of the United
State*. *
Mr. RIVES remarked that the resolution intro-
duced by the honorable senator from Louisiana,
■ [Mr. Johnson,] if he understood it correctly, pro-
tosed nothing more than an inquiry into the expe-
ieney of so modifying the naturalization laws as
to afford an effectual safeguard, in some mode or
Other, against the frauds and abuses which were be-
lieved to have arisen under the practical operation
of those laws. Now, while he was not prepared,
at the present moment, to go as far as seemed to be
Contemplated by his honorable friend from Loui-
siana—to extend for a very considerable period of
time the probationary term of residence now re-
quired to acquire the rights of citizenship—yet he
could have no hesitation in giving his countenance,
simply as a proposition of inquiry, to the honora-
ble senator's resolution. It seemed to him, (Mr.
R.,) from what they had all heard from the
honorable senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Johnson]
-r-from. what was known through the medium of
the public press throughout the country, to every
individual—that it was the bounden duty of
Congress to afford the widest scope to the inquiry
which was- proposed, in regard to the nature and
magnitude of the evils complained of, as well as a
suitable and effectual remedy for the abuses which
had been carried on to such a provoking extent un-
der the operation of these naturalization laws. He
did not himself entertain a doubt—and the universal
voice of the people bore testimony to the fact, and
senators could not, if they would, turn a deaf ear to
it—that these abuses existed to an alarming extent,
and demanded the most earnest and searching in-
quiry. As his honorable friend from Louisiana had
remarked, the vast number of emigrants which were
now daily arriving, upon our shores, under the in-
ducements thrown out by our laws, and forming
powerful elements in our social organization, and
entering into the practical working of our institu-
tions,—demanded the consideration of every Ameri-
can citizen, whether native or adopted.
He (Mr. R.) was not one of those who would
wish to exclude that element any more now than
heretofore. He would not subject it to any un-
reasonable resiiaints; far less would he subject it to
any discriminations; nor would he hesitate to give
to every foreigner, when an American citizen by
naturalization, and in fact, as well as in name, his
fair and just share in the administration of the gov-
ernment, and in the direction and control of our
common destinies; but, at the same time, as his
honorable friend [Mr. Johnson] had said, every
Consideration connected with the safety and purity,
as well as the establishment of our own free institu-
tions—all the impressive lessons of history,—en-
joined upon us the solemn duty of putting these
vital branches of national economy under a system
of wise and efficient regulations.
He begged leave, as it had come up, to state very
hriefiy the extent of his opinions upon this subject
For one, he was never disposed to depart lightly
from the policy of our ancestors. He was willing,
■ for one, to abide by that policy until unquestionable
experience had clearly demonstrated the necessity of
change-. Now, the leading principles of our natu-
ralization policy had been settled in this country for
9 period of halt a century, with the exception of a
single presidential lustrum, and that rather an in-
auspicious one; and his humble opinion was, that
fhe) re i'«e! of its long and undisturbed continuance
afforded evidence of the wisdom of its adoption, and
gave the strongest proof in favor of retaining it.
When we looked back to that system as it stands
upon the statute book—not its practical operation,
but its fundamental principles—it seemed to him
that, as a system, its foundations were laid in wis-
dom and prudence in regard to ourselves, as well as
justice and liberality towards foreigners. What
was that system? Its leading principle assumes that
a continuous residence in this country for the period
of five years, accompanied with a bona fide inten-
tion during that period of becoming a citizen, sus-
tained by evidence of a good moral character, order-
ly habits as a citizen, and a decided attachment to
the republican principles of our constitution, and
consummated, finally, by a solemn enjoinment of
fidelity to the countfy and its institutions,—is such
evidence in the language of the constitution of his
(Mr. R.'s) own State, of "a permanent attachment
to the common interest of the community, as au-
thorizes the individual who presents such proof to
be clothed with all the honorable -attributes of an
American citizen."
He pointed out these considerations because they
were made by the law of naturalization in the con-
stitution under which he had the character of an
American citizen, so to be carried out that the eye
of all could see the fundamental guaranties required
by law; and, according to the requisition of the
statute book, they were to be ratified by a solemn
court of record.
if he understood the history of this subject, as
long as this system of naturalization policy
was administered in the spirit in which it
was conceived by the founders of our free
institutions, there was no complaint heard
whatever of any evil practical effect growing out of
it; but, in the course of time, from very .important
changes in our legislation, as well as from a growing
indifference—recklessness, he might say—in the
public mind in regard to the proper administration
of this law, a looseness arose in its practical .opera-
tion, which was the source of almost all the evils
complained of by the senator from Louisiana, and"
alluded to by his worthy colleague, [Mr. Archer.]
It was known to all that what, at the origin of this
system, was intended as a national baptism, by
which residents alien-born were to be adopted into
the great family of American freemen by courts of
justice, came to be considered as an idle, empty
form, to be gone through by the clerks and subordi-
nate officers of the courts, without practical exami-
nation or inquiry. It had degenerated into a public
mockery—a mere legerdemain trick, by which to
manufacture into ready-made voters foreigners who
had no claim whatever to the rights of citizenship.
If he had been correctly informed, a ridiculous pan-
tomime—for he had been in conversation with hon-
orable members of this and the other House, who
had described it to him—was all that was necessary
now to make full-blown American citizens of for-
eigners. They are marched in by platoons, or com-
panies of twenty, thirty,- and fifty; they are carried
up to the desk of the clerk of the court, without at-
tracting the cognizance of the judge; and then a
mummery of words is pronounced, and a pantomimic
exhibition on the part of the foreigner, who, in all
probability, understands nothing that is going on—
in ignorance of our language—and then forthwith
he is adopted an American citizen, and goes abroad
to exercise all the privileges of an American citi-
zen.
This was a mockery which was never contem-
plated by our wise ancestors. If it was true, (and
he had no doubt it was,) that these proceedin: s were
carried on to a very great extent in New York city
and throughout the State of New York, in Buffalo,
and in Philadelphia, and probably in Louisiana,
within the honorable senator's [Mr. Johnson's] ob-
servation, did they not suggest the inquiry whether
the true remedy for these eiils was not to be found
in a reinvigoration or enforcement of the law? and
whether the evils there practised were not owing to
a false administration of the law, rather than any
defect in the fundamental provisions of the law
itself; or rather, from the want of adequate legisla-
tive provision to carry out those fundamental and
conservative principles?
He had looked a little into this matter, and the
history of our legislation would show, he thought,
that the whole evil had arisen from the relaxations
which had been made from time to time, in the
original provisions which existed in our statute. He
begged leave to refer in a few words to the history
of that statute. It was well known that this term of
five years was first established during the adminis-
tration of General Washington. During the admin-
istration of the elder Adams, the period was extend-
ed to fourteen years. When Mr. Jefferson came
into office, one most remarkable feature in his first
message to Congress, was a recommendation to re-
instate the old law, to bring back the existing law to
the former term of five years; which was according-
ly done; and there it remains to the present day.
He believed that- this requisition of a residence of
five years had been considered sufficient to guard
against the evils complained of. He knew that his
honorable friend on the other side of the House,
[Mr. Benton,] and, perhaps, the senator from, Ohio,
[Mr. Allen,] were in the habit of holding up the
liberal legislation of the Congress of the United
States, under the administration of Mr. Jefferson,
as establishing that immortal policy to which ■
we were bound by all our past history. He
would call the attention of those honorable senators
and other gentlemen to a most vital and conserva-
tive provision in that law, which was passed during
the first year of Mr. Jefferson's administration; and
he asked the honorable senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Johnson] to consider whether the revival
of that provision would not go a great way towards
avoiding those evils which he complained of. The
legislatures of that day, well knowing the facility
with which American citizens were, upon emergen-
cies, manufactured out of aliens freshly arrived upon
our soil, without a pre-requisite of five years' res-
idence, provided that every foreigner, after the date
of'that law, should, on his arrival, report himself to
the court of record, to. be requested there, with an
account of his age, name, birth, the country from
-which he came, and all other things necessary for
his personal identity; so as to prevent the probability
of fraud. To show the conservative spirit in which
our republican Presidents had acted upon this sub-
ject, what did Mr. Madison do?—or rather what was
done during his administration' Another most im-
portant and salutary provision against fraud was
adopted, in the requisition that no certificate of nat-
uralization should be legal or valid unless the regis-
try, and the preliminary declaration of intention to
become a citizen of the United States, were set forth
at full length in the certificate of naturalization. Un-
der this system of legislation, a person born in a for-
eign country, and claiming to be an American cit-
izen, was bound, in exhibiting his certificate, to show
the record made by him before the proper court, on
his arrival in the United States.
These two simple provisions, both of which were
executed under the administration of two of the best
republican Presidents who had ever presided over the
destinies of this country, gave rise to no complaint, as
long as they stood upon the statute book, m regard
to the abuses like those which had arisen within a
few years past. When did they arise? When a
fatal relaxation of that sound conservative policy
commenced under the administration of Mr. Mon-
roe, commonly called "the era of good feelings;"
but, all must admit, an em not veiy favorable to
that soit of protection, or liberty. In 1824,
if he was not mistaken, the law which passed
during Mr. Madison's time, requiring these rec-
ords called for in the act originated by Mr. Jef-
ierson, and also requiring the declarations and
all the documents to be set forth, was repealed by
an act of Congress passed in May. That was the
first lelaxation of the sound conservative policy un-
der the two administrations to which he had refer-
red. Another provision was made, at the same
time, allowing the foreigner to go and make his dec-
laration to the clsrk of the court; and that certifica-
tion was sufficient evidence of his determination to
become an American citizen. The wise act of
Washington and Jefferson required a notice of three
years; it was now brought down to two years.
These relaxations were the sources of most of the
evils complained of. But that was not all. This
