CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ton Hunt, Joseph II. Ingersoll, Jrvin, Jenks, Perley B. John-
son, John P. Kennedy-, Daniel P. King, McConneil, Mcll-
vaine, Marsh. Edward J. Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Mose-
ley, Nes, Newton,-Paterso'n, Peyton, Phcenix, Pollock,
Elislia Potior, Ramsey, Ilayncr, llliett, Rockwell, Rod-
ney, Rogers, Sample, Sehenck, Senter, Severance, Simpson,
Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Spence, Stephens, Andrew
Stewart, Stiles, Summers, Thommasson, Tilden, Tyler,
Vance, .Vanmeter, Vinton,- Wethered, Winthrop, Wood-
Ward, William Wright, and Yancey.—S7.
THE SUFFRAGE OF WASHINGTON CITY.
Mr. WELLER asked leave to introduce a bill,
bf which he had heretofore given notice.
Some objections were made, while others cried,
"what is it?"
Mr. WELLER said it was a bill to extend the
suffrage in the City of Washington; and, as there
was objection, he moved a suspension of the rules,
to enable him to introduce the bill; and on that mo-
tion he called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. E. J. BLACK called for the reading of the
bill, and it was read accordingly.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH said there were many
other gentlemen in the position in which the gentle-
man from Ohio stood—having bills which they
desired to introduce: and therefore he suggested
that the gentleman from Ohio should so amend his
his motion as to suspend the rules for half an hour,
for the purpose of introducing bills generally;
Mr WELLER replied, that he preferred to take
the vote on his simple proposition.
Mr. CAMPBELL-inquired if there was not a bill
on the calendar to amend the' charter of the City of
Washington, which contained a provision of .the
same character as the bill now presented.
The SPEAKER replied, that there was such a
bill on the calendar.
Mr. SCHENCK suggested another amendment
of the pending motion. It was, that the rules of this
House generally be suspended to the end of the
session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair considers the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio not in order.
Mr. WELLER thought the House would be
more advantaged by the suspension of his colleague.
[Laughter.]
The vote was then taken on the suspension of the
rules, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 124,
nays 62, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arrington, Atdie, Atkinson,
Baily, Benton, Bldlack, Kdward J. Black, James Black,
James A. Black, Blackwell, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Brmkei
hoft', Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, "William J. Brown,
Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Carpenter, Jeremiah K. Cary, Shep-
herd Cary, Catlin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chap-
man, Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Culiom, Dana, Daniel, Ilichard
D. Davis, John W. Davis, Dean, Dillingham, Dromgoole,
Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Ficklln, Foster,
French, By ram Green, Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, Hammett,
Haralson, Hays, Herrick, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard,
Hubbell, Hughes, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Charles J.
Ingersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Geo.
"W. Jones, Andiew Kennedy, Preston King, Kirkpatrick, La-
branche, Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkm, McCauslen; Maclay,
McClelland, McConneil, McDowell, McKay, Mathews, Isaac
JE. Morse, Murphy, Nes, Norns, Owen. Parmenter, Payne,
Pollock, Elisha R. Potter, Purdy, Rathbun, David S. Reid,
Reding, llelfe, Ritter, Roberts, Robinson, Russell, St. John,
Sample, Saunders, Thomas II. Seymour, David, L Seymour,
Simons, Slidell, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert
Smith, Steenrod, Stephen?, Stiles, Strong, Sykes, Taylor,
Thompson, Tibbatts, Welier, Wentworth, Wheaton. Benja-
min White, "Williams, Woodward, Joseph A. Wright, Yan-
cey, and Yost—124.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Baker, Barringer, Bar-
nard, Bufiington, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman, Collamer,
Cranston, Garrett Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Fish, Flo
rence, Foot, Fuller, Giddmgs, Goggin, Grinnell, Edward S.
Hamlin, Hardin, Harper, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph
R. Ingersoll, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, John P.Kennedy,
Daniel P. King, Lyon, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward
J Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Moseley, Newton, Paterson,
Preston, Ramsey, Rayner, Rockwell, Rogers, Schenck, Sen-
ter, Severance, Caleb B. Smith, Spence, Andrew Stewart,
Summers, Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter,
"Vinton, John White, Winthrop, and William Wright—6"2.
Mr. WELLER then introduced the bill, entitled
"A bill to extend the*right of suffrage in the city
of Washington."
Mr. W. said he hoped the bill would be put upon
its passage, if the House was prepared to vote upon
it.
[Cries of "read, read."]
Mr. PAYNE called for the reading of the bill;
which was read as follows:
A bill to extend the right of suffrage in the city of Wash-
ington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States' of ^America in Compress assembled, That
every free white mal$ citizen of the United States (except
persons confined as paupers in the alms-house) who shall
nave attained the age or twenty-one years, and shall have
resided in the city of Washington one year immediately
preceding the election, shall be entitled to vote for Mayor,
jnembers of the Board of Aldermen and Common Council,
and all other officers authorized to be chosen at any popular
election under the existing charter of said incorporation.
And be it farther enacted, That all laws inconsistent with
the provisions of this act be, and the same are hereby, re-
pealed.
Mr. HOLMES moved an amendment—to strike
out the word "paupers."
The SPEAKER said, if there was no ob-
jection to the bill, the question would"be on its pass-
age.
Mr. HA-RALSON remarked that, from the read-
ing of the bill, it appeared to him to extend
to all classes of the community—tosvery sort, size,
and description, whether in the penitentiary, the
alms-house, the lunatic asylum, or anywhere else.
He did not know how it would operate with its
present provisions, but it could do no harm to send
it to a committee to be investigated. He therefore
moved its reference to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
Mr. WELtER. I hope not.
Mr. HALE had but one suggestion to make in
relation to this motion. He was in favor of the
broadest extension of the right of suffrage; but his
objection to the bill was, that the exception, as it
now stood, applied to paupers "confined" in the
alms-house. ' He did not know what the-police of
this city was; but, in the State from which he came,
and in all the New England States, paupers were
not "confined," but were •merely detained, at their
own request. He was in favor, in order to correct
any defects there might be in the bill, of referring it
to a committee for investigation.
The question was then taken upon the reference,
and decided in the affirmative.
So the bill was referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
Mr. HOLMES, on' leave, gave notice of his inten-
tion, on to-morrow, or some subsequent day, to in-
troduce a joint resolution to change the name of the
brig Daniel Webster to Adola, and the name of
the schooner Mary Frances to Isabella.
Mr. ARRINGTON asked leave to introduce a
resolution directing the Committee on Commerce to
inquire into the expediency of making an appropria-
tion for the erection of suitable buildings for the use
of the custom-house of Newbern, N. C.
The SPEAKER said the resolution could only
be received by the general consent of the House.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR inquired if resolutions
would not be in order in the regular order of busi-
ness to day.
The SPEAKER replied that they would be after
petitions and reports from committees had been re-
ceived.
Mr. SEYMOUR then objected to the reception
of the resolution at this time.
ANNUAL REPORT OF THE SECRETARY OP
THE TREASURY.
Mr. McKAY inquired of the Chair if any com-
munication had been received from the Secretary
of the Treasury, which had not been laid before the
House?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. McKAY said he hoped it would be present-
ed, as the Committee of Ways and Means had noth-
ing before them.
No objection being made,
The SPEAKER laid before the House the annu-
al report of the Secretary of the Treasury; which,
On motion of Mr. McKAY, was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. McKAY moved that the usual number—ten
thousand extra copies—thereof be printed.
The SPEAKER replied that the motion was not
" in order, unless by the general consent of the
House.
No objection being made, the question was taken,
and the motion was agreed to.
REPORT OF THE COMMISSIONER OF THE
GENERAL LAND OFFICE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry, enclosing the annual report of the Commission,
er of the General Land office; which,
On motion of Mr. JOHN. W. DAVIS, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and or-
dered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. D., on leave, five thousand ex-
tra copies thereof were ordered to be printed.
Mr. SIMONS, from the Committee on Engrav-
ing, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Engraving be request-
ed to demand all plates heretofore engraved by order of
this House, and paid for by the House, which have beeii re-
tained or not delivered by those who furnished them; and
that they be placed ill the keeping of the Congressional Li-
brarian.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
agreed to.
REDUCTION OP THE ARMY.
Mr. JAS. A. BLACK rose and asked leave, in
conformity with previous notice, to introduce a bill
to regulate the pay of the army of the United States,
and for other purposes.
No objection being made, the bill was received.
Mr. B. moved that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and be printed.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON suggested, the propriety
of sending the bill to a select committee—the course
which had been taken with this bill at the last ses-
sion, and which was usually taken with retrench-
ment bills; and he moved its reference accordingly.
Mr. WELLER -said he supposed this was sub-
stantially the same bill as that of the last session,
and he saw no propriety for its reference. He mov-
ed its reference to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. BLACK, in accordance with the suggestion
made, moved the reference to a select committee of
five members.
The question on the reference to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union (being first
in order) was announced.
Mr. BARNARD expressed the hope that this bill,
having been introduced by a member, and coming
from no committee, would be referred to a commit-
tee, according to the almost universal practice.
The question was taken, and the House-refused to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. HOLMES moved the reference to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HALE remarked that the history of this bill,
or of one substantially the same, was familiar to
every member of this House. It had passed this
House at the last session by a very decided majori-
ty. In that bill an attempt had been made by the
House to cut off some of the supernumerary super-
fluous officers belonging to the army. The bill had
been kept along until the very [last morning of the
session, and then every single amount of retrench-
ment made by the House had been cut off by the
Senate, and acceded to by the House, because it
was so late that nothing otherwise could be done.
He believed a similar course was intended at this
session; and he did hope, if the House meant to ad-
here to the principle adopted at that' time, (viz: to
make a tithe of the reduction that ought to be made
in the army; to cut off gome of the supernumerary
officers, and reduce the pay of others,) that they
would send it to a select committee, who would
nurse and take care of it, and see that it was report-
ed in proper time. For this reason, he hoped that
it would not go to the standing committee, who were
already encumbered with a pressure of business.
The question was taken by tellers on the refer-
ence to the Committee on Military Affairs, and was
decided in the negative: ayes 70, noes 73.
The question was then taken on the reference to a
select committee, and was carried without a di-
vision.
Mr. ARRINGTON again asked leave to offer the
resolution which he had previously attempted to
(and which is given above.)
No objection being made, the resolution was re-
ceived; and, at the request of Mr. BLACK, of
Georgia, the resolution, having been modified so as
to make a similar inquiry with reference to Savan-
nah, Georgia, was adopted.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT OE OREGON.
Mr. DUNCAN asked leave to introduce a bill of
very important character, in conformity with notice
heretofore given.
The SPEAKER said that the business regularly
in order was petitions that lay over, and then reports
of committees.
Mr. DUNCAN said he apprehended there would
be no objection to the introduction of the bill. It was
in relation to Oregon.
Objections were heard from several quarters.
Mr. DUNCAN then moved to suspend the rules
for its introduction; and on this motion he called the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The bill having been read by its title, viz: "A bill
to organize a territorial government in the Oregon
Territory, and for other purposes," the question was
