CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37
, akeo, and the motion prevailed—yeas 125, nays 53,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arrington, Atkinson,
Benton, Bidlack, Edward J. Black, James Black, James A.
Black, Blackwell, Bowlin, Boyd, Brlnkerhoft, Brodhead,
Aaron V.Brown, Milton Brown, William J. Brown, Burke,
Caldwell, Carpenter, Jeremiah E. Cary, Shepherd Cary,
Catlm, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Chilton,
Clinch, Clingman, Clinton, Cobb, Cullom, Dana, Darnel,
Darragh, Richard D. Davis, John W. Davis, Dawson, Dean,
Dillingham, Douglass, Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Farlee, Fick-
Jin, Foster, French, Fuller, Byram Green, Hale, Hannibal
Hamlin, Hammett, Haralson, Hardin, Hays, Henley, Her-
rick, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, Hughes,
James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Cave Johnson, Andrew
Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Preston
King, Kirkpatrick,"Labranche, Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin,
Lyon, McCauslen, Maclay, McCleUand, McClernand, Mc-
Connell, McDowell, McKay, Joseph Morris, Isaac E. Morse,
Murphy, Norris, Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Pettit, Phramx,
Pollock, Elisha R. Potter, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe,
Ritter, Roberts, Russell, St. John, Sample, Saunders, Thos.
H. Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Slidell,
Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, Stiles,
James W. Stone, Alfred P. Stone, Strong, Sykes, Taylor,
Thompson, Tibbatts, Weller, Wentworth, Wethered,
Wheaton, Benjamin White, Williams, Woodward, Joseph
A. Wright, Yancey, and Yost—125.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Ashe, Baily, Baker, Barrrager,
Barnard, Burt, Collamer, Cranston, Garrett Davis, Deberry,
Dickey, Dromgoole, Fish, Florence, Giddings, Goggm,
Grinnell, Grider, Edward S. Hamlin, Harper, liolmes, Hud-
son, Washington Hunt. Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenks, Perley
B. Johnson, Daniel P. King, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J.
Morris', Freeman H. Morse, Moseley, Newton, Paterson,
Peyton, Preston, Purdy, Rathbun, Rayner, Rhett, Rockwell,
Rogers, Schenck, Senter, Severance, Caleb B. Smith,
Spence, Summers, Thomasson, Vinton, John White, and
Winthrop—53.
The rules being thus suspended, the bill was read
twice, and, on motion by Mr. DUNCAN, referred
to the Committee on^erritories, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DOUGLASS, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
providing for the purchase of certain copies of the
History of Oregon, California, and the Northwest
Coast of America; which being twice read—
Mr. D. moved to refer it to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to refer it to the
Committee on the Library.
Mr. G. W. JONES asked who was the author of
the work. -
Mr. DOUGLASS answered that it was Mr
Greenhow.
The question was first put on referring the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and rejected; and,
The question being put on referring it to the Com-
mittee on the Library, it was decided in the affirma-
tive, without a division.
Mr. PHCENIX moved to suspend the rules, for
the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole. , , •
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL asked what time would
be allowed for the further presentation of petitions
and resolutions, if the motion prevailed.
The SPEAKER replied that, in the regular or-
der of business, petitions would come up to-morrow,
during the morning hour, unless the House should
give the preference to other business.
The question being put on the motion of Mr.
Ph(£\tx to suspend the rules, to go into Committee
' of the Whole, the vote was: ayes 82, noes 22.
No quorum voting—
Mr. COBB moved that the House adjourn; but,
the yeas and nays being ordered, he withdrew the
motion.
The question being again put on suspending the
rules, to go into Committee of the Whole, the vote
was: ayes 76, noes 23.
No quorum voting—
Mr. HOPKINS moved that the House adjourn;
and, the yeas and nays being ordered,^ the question
was taken, and decided in the negative: yeas 71,
nays 101.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the esti-
mates from the Treasury Department for the next
fiscal year; and they were laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed, on the motion of Mr. McKAY.
The question then recurred on the motion of Mr.
Phcenix to go into Committee of the Whole; which
was taken by Messrs. Pollock and A. A. Chap-
man, tellers, who reported 71 in the affirmative, and
29 in the negative.
Still no quorum voting—
The House then adjourned.
• .  
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day,,were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr-FRENCH: The petition and acceropanying doc-
uments of the Rev. John Young, of Kentucky, were refered
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. W. HUNT: the petition of 17 citizens of Lock-
port, New York, for a law declaring slavery unconstitu-
tional in the District of Columbia.
By Mr. TIBBATTS: The petition of Jesse Campbell, of
Mason county, Kentucky, a soldier in the late \var with
Great Britain, one of the captives confined in the Dart-
moor prisoi*, in England, praying that Congress may pass
a law for his relief, he now being poor and an invalid, aged,
and infirm: refered to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
By Mr. A. A. CHAPMAN: The petition of sundry citizens
of the counties Tazewell and Logan, Virginia, praying for
the establishment of a mail route from Tazewell court-
house to Logan court-house: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. SLIDELL: The petition of J. Riley Knight for
compensation for losses and injuries sustained while in the
service of the United States as keeper of light-house in
Louisiana: referred to the Committee of Claims. Also, the
petition of Lindley & Russel, and many others, merchants
of New Orleans, praying for donation of certain lands to the
State of Indiana, to aid the completion'of the Wabash and Erie
canal: referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals. Also,
the memorial of Elizabeth H. Dickson, praying for recog-
nition of a certain pre-emption claim: referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
By Mr. ATKINSON: The petition of Francis Holton, late
of the navy of the United States, praying a pension in con-
sequence of wounds received in the late war.
By. Mr. MeCLELLAND: The petition for the relief of the
heirs of Sergeant Major John Champ, deceased: referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. Also, the peti-
tion of George Alford, of Monroe, Michigan, to be reinstat-
ed on pension roll. Also, the petition of Captain John Mar-
tin for arrears of pension: referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions.
By Mr. C. JOHNSON: the petition of James M. Lewis, for
an invalid pension.
-By Mr. FARLEE: tile memorial of Robert Graham and
the accompanying papeis; whichwere referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, December 17, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the War Department,
transmitting further information-received from the
Quartermaster General, in relation to the ship
Charles Wharton, stranded on the bar at the en-
trance of Tampa bay; which, on motion of Mr.
HUNTINGTON, was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Also a communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, transmitting accounts of expenditures, under
der the head of "contingent expenses," as settled
and allowed at the office of the Fourth Auditor of
the Treasury, during the year ending 30th Septem-
ber, 1844.
Mr. FOSTER of Tennessee presented a petition
from Thomas A. Russell, praying indemnity for his
horse, taken by a recruiting officer into the service of
the United States: referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. CHOATE presented a petition from Wil-
liam Broadstreet,.praying for an allowance of boun-
ty on the fishing schooner Mary, of Newburyport:
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also a petition from Henry Hatch, of Boston,
praying indemnity, as administrator, for French
spoliations prior to 1800: referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
On motion of Mr. CHOATE, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files the petition of Henry
Gardiner and others of the New England Mississip-
pi Land Company.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from a
number of citizens of the city and county of Phila-
delphia, asking that the piers at Port Penn and Ree-
dy Island be repaired; and that the light-house on
Brandywine shoals, in the river Delaware, be com-
pleted by the government: referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Also presented additional testimony in support of
the claim of Joshua Shaw, for compensation for the
use of his inventions of percussion locks, caps, &c.:
referred to the committee on Military Affairs.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Also presented a memorial from sundry citizens
of the commonwealth of Pennsylvania, asking that
the naturalization laws be so changed as to require
a residence of 21 years from foreigners, after their
declaration of intention to become citizens, before
they shall be entitled to the privilege of citizenship.
Mr. B. said he had also received, with this memo-
rial, a request from a respectable citizen of Phila-
delphia, that he should express his opinion on this
subject at the time of the presentation of the memo-
rial. He did not consider this a proper time to en-
ter into a discussion of this great question. At the
gatae time, he had no objection £o state that he was
against extending the time of the residence of for-
eigners beyond the period of five years, which was
now necessary to acquire the rights of citizenship.
He entertained the same opinions now, upon this
subject, that he entertained when he formerly pre-
sented memorials of this nature; but if it should be
established that the present naturalization laws were
not a sufficient guard against frauds, and if it should
be established That frauds had been committed to
anything like the extent mentioned, he should go
with him who went farthest so to amend the natu-
ralization laws that fraud would not be the conse-
quence of this system; and he believed that every
citizen of the country, whether native or naturalized,
was deeply concerned in suppressing these frauds,
if such did exist, upon the rights of the citizens of
the United States. Without going further into tins
subject at present, and stating that at the proper
time he should be ready to express his views upon
it, he moved the reference of the memorial to the
Committee on the Judiciary, stating at the same
time that it was signed by highly respectable citizens
of the city and county of Philadelphia.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial from citi-
zens of the Commonwealth. of Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for an extension of the naturalization laws so as
to require a probationary residence of twenty-one
years to entitle foreigners to the rights of citizen-
ShMr. ARCHER thought, with the honorable sen-
tor from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan,] that the
presentation of memorials was not the appropriate
occasion for the expression of their sentiments oi\
the great question involved in the prayer of this me-
morial. He was exceedingly anxious to give ex-
pression fully to the sentiments that he indulged as
to the object of this memorial; but perceiving, as ha
did, that there was to be a hot war in the country in
relation to this subject, he had not the least desire to
throw away any'of his powder upon the parade
ground. He must acknowledge he was deeply con-
cerned at the indications manifested in the brief de-
bate of yesterday. Before the occurrence of that de-
bate, he entertained a hope that the demonstrations
afforded by the great abuses which had been prac-
tised in reference to these laws of naturalization
must have produced an impression upon the Senate
of the United States far different from that which he
understood yesterday to prevail. He did hope that,
upon the very first indication of this question coming
upon the floor of the Senate, he should see evinced
something like the impression which he knew pre-
vailed throughout this great country. Grieved he
was to say that he perceived no feeling of that kind
in this body.
He was glad to know, at so early a period, what
was the state of feeling here. He was glad that it
had been announced in that debate, to the people of
this country. Gentlemen were going to find, before
two more years passed over their heads, that this
enormous abuse, which he had almost heard denied
on this floor yesterday, would no longer be endured;"
the people were not going to be contented with
observing the effect of remedies, or any cutting off
of what his honorable colleague [Mr. Rives] termed
"execrescences."
[Mr. RIVES observed, from his seat, that he had
made use of no such expression.]
He (Mr. Archer) understood him so; however,
it was implied in the remarks of his colleague. H©
was going to do him full justice. He was very sure
his honorable colleague, like himself, was most de-
sirous to find a remedy for the abuses which had
been brought before the Senate; but he [Mr. Rives]
did not seem disposed to go to the extent that he
(Mr. A.) was disposed to go to—not in stripping off
branches of this abuse, but in going directly to the
root. Let him tell his honorable colleague he should
have his sincerc participation in that object; but it
was not m stripping off branches of the abuse of
which he [Mr. Rives] spoke yesterday with a great
many expressions of qualification, that this great
abuse was to be reached. He had expected to find
in him, and the honorable sonator from Maryland,
[Mr. Merrick,] cordial and zealous allies m the
object which he, for one, would never lose sight
of—an effectual eradication of the root of the evil.
As to the sentiments of the honorable senator
from New York, [Mr. Foster,] he asked the atten-
tion of the country to them. After that honorable
gentleman had finished his remarks, he (Mr. A.)
really did not know whether he would be at liberty
to make any distinction between indigenous citizens
of this country and those off-scourings of a foreign
population who were to come here and enter into
