40
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. INGERSOLL said he took it for granted
that it would be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, to inquire into the expediency of the
matter. But he had drawn the resolution in its
present form, because it was the fact, and a remark-
able fact it was, as appeared from a hasty reading of
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury, that that
department had been obliged to alter a law of the
land conformably to treaty stipulations, because bills
reported at the last session had not been acted on.
Mr. ANDREW STEWART moved to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. INGERSOLL asked the yeas and nays
thereon, which were ordered.
After some conversation by Messrs. INGER-
SOLL, WINTHROP, and the SPEAKER,
Mr. INGERSOLL, at the suggestion of the
Speaker, modified his resolution so as to put in
the form of an inquiry by the Committee of Ways
and Means into the expediency of all the changes
referred to in the resolution.
Mi-. STEWART, remarking that, since the mod-
ification of the resolution, he had no objection to it,
withdrew his motion to lay on the table.
Mr. E. J. BLACK moved an amendment to the
latter clause of the resolution, so as to provide for
an inquiry "into the expediency of imposing a rev-
enue duty upon all articles now imported free;" and
upon the amendment he asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. J. W. DAYIS objected to the resolution, and
proposed to debate it. It was accordingly laid
over.
Mr. HOPKINS, in pusuance of previous notice,
introduced a bill for the relief of Joseph Ramsey;
which was twice read, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
mr. madison's papers.
Mr. DROMGOOLE offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Joint Committee on the Library be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of contracting for
the purchase and publication of the writings, correspond-
ence, and papers of the late James Madison, not heretofore
purchased and published.
Mr. D. remarked that he presumed there would
be no objections to the inquiry. He asked, how-
ever, for the information of the House, that a short
paper be read to call the attention of the House more
particularly to the subject
Mr. D. sent to the Clerk, by whom it was read,
the following:
To the Hon. George C. Dromgoole,
House of Representatives:
Permit me, sir, to take a a liberty with you, which I feel
some authonty to do from the iespect my husband cherish-
ed for you, and the affection with which you have inspired
my son, who assisted in preparing the manuscript papers of
Mi-. Madison lor the press, which I now desire to offer,
through you, to Congress, as the safest proprietors of wri-
tings which they w ell know how to appreciate. They con-
sist of between the and six volumes, exclusive of the De-
bates he disposed of to Congress—one on constitutional sub-
jects, which may well follow the Debates, being comments
on their results: three volumes of a historical character—
legislative and administrative—embracing proceedings of
the legislature of Virginia during his service m that body,
as well as tho«e of Congress while he was a member, under
the administration of President Washington. The ."-ubjects
ot the residue ol his writings are political, political econo-
my, law of nations, judicial, &c , and miscellaneous.
Should it please j ou to take part m my interest by making
thh proposal to your honorable bodj, 1 shall be ready to
lay before you the work essential to the obj'ect. on your sug-
gestion of the proper time.
"With much respect,
D. P. MADISON.
[Memorandum furnished Gen. Dromgoole.]
The writings of Mr. Madison are arranged to be
divided into volumes of 5 or GOO pages:
Vol. 1st. The papers relating to the articles of
confederation and constitution of Virginia; letters of
James Madison to Jefferson, Monroe, Pendleton,
Randolph, Washington, and Madison, sen., up to
the commencement of the new government; with ap-
pendix, containing notes of confederacies and of the
confederation.
Vol. 2d. The letters of the abovenamed and
others during the administrations of Washington
arid Adams; republican view of the policy of those
administrations; notes of conversations and papers
connected with his confidential intercourse with
Washington, his character, and explanation of the
enigma in Giles's impeachment of Hamilton.
Vol. 3d. The letters of or to foreign ministers and
diplomatic functionaries, heads of departments, mili-
tary and naval commanders, Presidents and ex-Pres-
idents Jefferson and Monroe; and, if necessary, to
George Jay, Henry Wheaton, C. J. Ingersoll, An-
drew Stevenson, John Adams, J. Q,. Adams, Wm.
C. Rives, &c., to the close of either administration,
or to include the whole correspondence with Jeffer-
son and Monroe, as may be necessary to fill the vol-
ume; showing the policy of these administrations.
Vol. 4th. Letters and writings on constitutional
subjects.
Vol. 5th. Essays and letters on political econ-
omy, law of nations, juridical, historical, na-
tural history, &c., may make out this volume;
may include also printed essays in Freneau's
political observations, 1795, and examina-
tion of British doctrine, &c.; some essays to be
found with the papers relating to Washington; and
possibly this fund, and what may be taken from
the miscellaneous mass, may make the 5th and 6th
volumes; and leave the miscellaneous for the 7th.
Vol. 6th. Miscellaneous.
The reading of these papers, Mr. D. remarked,
showed the importance of the matter referred to.
He took this occasion to say, also, that upon the
adoption of the resolution to refer the matter to a
joint committee, he was authorized to say the pa-
pers would be open for inspection to the committee.
The papers were now in the city, at the residence
of Mrs. Madison, where they were arranged with
every facility for their examination.
He need not detain the House to remark upon the
character of Mr. Madison, and particularly how
pre-eminent above all other men he had been for
the fidelity of his statements, and for his freedom
from all political bias therein.
the papers of alexander hamilton.
Mr.'PISH moved to amend the amendment by
inserting a provision for a similar inquiry with ref-
erence to the papers, correspondence, &c., of Alex-
ander Hamilton. He was induced te do this, he
said, in consequence of a letter he had yesterday re-
ceived from the widow of that gentleman, urging
him to bring the matter before the House, in it she
stated that she was about to come to this city for
the purpose of submitting the papers which she de-
sired to have published. He had therefore moved
the amendment.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said if there was any evi-
dence that the papers referred to by the gentleman
were prepared for the inspection of the House, he
should have no objection to the amendment; still,
he thought it proper that each proposition should be
presented in a separate and distinct form; and he
now gave to the gentleman from New York the as-
surance that, if he would not embarrass his (Mr.
D.'s) proposition with his amendment, he would
not interfere with the gentleman's proposition at
any time when he presented it to the House.
Mr. FISH, on this assurance, withdrew his
amendment.
The question recurring on the original resolution,
was taken, and decided in the affirmative.
Mr. STEENROD offered the following resolu-
tion, which was agreed to:
Resell c<7. That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing a marine hos-
pital at Wheeling, Virginia.
Mr. GOGGIN offered the following, which was
agreed to:
Rrsolred, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be in-
structed to inquire into the proprittyol allowing to Mrs.
Llizabeth Lomax, widow ot the late Major Mann Page Lo-
max, of the United States arm) , the half pay allowed to
w idow s whose husbands ha1, e died of wounds received m
sen ice.
SOLDIERS OF THE OLD INDIAN WARS.
Mr. SUMMER.S offered the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
( Resol That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing
bv law similar compensation for the officers and soMieis
who served m the Indian wars between the treaty ot peace
of 1763, end the tieat\ of Greenville in 17')3, as is now au-
thorized bj law to be paid to officeis and soldiers ol the rev-
olutionary war.
PAY AND MILEAGE.
Mr. CHAPMAN submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies over one dav, on notice of de-
bate:
Rmhetl. That the fli-rk of this House pay, out of the
contingent fund of the House, to Wm.uu L. Horn,in, his
mileage an.l pjj as 0 member 0( tins House from the' 4th
i'ay of December, 1S43, to the lath day of Febiuaiy, 18-11,
inclusive
Mr. HOLMES, in pursuance of previous notice,
obtained leave, and introduced a joint resolution to
change the name of the brig Daniel Webster to
Adela, and the name ol the schooner Mary Frances
to that of Isabella; which resolution was read the
first and second time, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
The said resolution having been engrossed, the
further consideration thereof was postponed.
Mr. BURT, in pursuance of previous notice, ob-
tained leave and introduced a bill to repeal the duty
on cotton bagging and gunny cloth; which was read
the first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. CAMPBELL offered the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia. be instructed to inquire into the expediency ot retro-
ceding to the States of Maryland, and Virginia, respective-
ly such parts of the District of Columbia as are not occupied
by the public buildings and grounds, and as are not ne-
cessary to the public business.
Mr. N. P. STONE, gave notice, that he would
to-morrow, or some subsequent day of the present
session, ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
the heirs of serjeant major John Champe.
MARINE HOSPITALS.
Mr. FRENCH, in pursuance of previous notice,
obtained leave, and introduced a bill to provide
for the construction of marine hospitals upon
the sites heretofore purchased by the gov-
ernment, and for other purposes, on the western
waters; which bill was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS.
Mr. CALDWELL, in conformity with notice
given on a previous day of the session, offered a res-
olution explanatory of an <kact making appropria-
tions for the payment of revolutionary and other
pensions of the United States for the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1845;" which was twice read,
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
Mr. GRIDER of the following; resolution;
which lies over one day, on notice of debate:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to report a bill legulatmg and limiting the power
of remo\ al by the executive and heads of departments.
Mr. G. DAVIS offered the following resolution;
which lies over, on notice of debate:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means report
to this House the number of officers and othei persons em-
ployed by the government of the United Stales in the ports
of Portland, Portsmouth, Salem, Newburypnrt, Boston,
Providence, New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore. Norfolk,
Charleston, Mobile, and New Orleans, during the years
1828 andj 1843, by classes, and ,also the gro^ expense of
the collection of duties upon foieign import*; <"or each of
said years at the ports aforesaid.
Mr. ASHE introduced a resolution, which was
considered and agreed to, directing the Committee
on Commerce to inquire into the expediency of ma-
king Memphis, in the State of Tennessee, a port of
entry.
Mr. MILTON BROWN gave notice that he
would to-morrow, or some subsequent day, ask
leave to bring in a bill providing ft r the appointment
of a district attorney and district judge for the west-
ern district of Tennessee, and the northern district
of Mississippi.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered and agreed to.
Rrsnlrcd, That the C omnnttee on F.ngravin:* inquire into
the expediency of printing ihe thousand topie- oi the geolo
gical xeport on low a, Wit>con«m arnl Nouhem Illinois, by
David Dale Owen, lecentlj punted with illustrations, by
order of the Senate, for the u,e oi the Hoihe. provided the
same plates be used as tho^e ol the Senate, an i lhat press-
work and paper only be charged at the idU>< paw by the
Senate.
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. VINTON, in pursuance of notice given, ob-
tained leave, and introduced a joint resolution to
amend the constitution of the 1, nited States in re-
lation to the election of President and Vice Presi-
dent: read the first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
POSTAGES.
Mr. SCHENCK submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, on notice of debate, hes o\er one
day:
Resohnl, That the ('ommiltcfi on the h.'-t Oilkc and !'o>t
Hoads be instructed to pjepan ;n>d u-poit to Huu-e. n<
soon as practicable, a bill to legulate « hit h vinill
embody, among other things the lollowimr features and
provisions:
1 That postages on letters hi.-I packages, oth< r than
newspapeis or printed penodtral jmbUcatjons, fhali he
graduated with inference to the distance oi transportation.
