42
CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
coal and iron, [a laugh]—at least, upon iron; and,
ever since he had read Hudibras, he had recollected—
"Many are the trouble that do environ
The man who meddles with cold iron."
He was opposed to the bill in every way; and he
Wished to record that opposition on the journal, at
the outset.
. Mr. E. J. MORRIS said he was very soiry to see
any attempt to repeal the tariff in detail, piece by
piece. He would much prefer, and he believed the
whole country would prefer, that if the tariff act of
1842 was to be repealed, it should be repealed by
itself, and condemned on its own demerits, if de-
merits there were in it. He knew not why this at-
tack was first made on Pennsylvania. Probably it
had arisen from the electoral vote of Pennsylvania;
it might be presumed, from the vote of that State,
which had been cast fer an avowed anti-tariff can-
didate for the presidency, whose course on this
iloQr had been marked by opposition to the great
staple, interests of that State, that Pennsylvania was
opposed to the protection of her great interests—to
the protection of her coal and iron. If there were
gentlemen here believing that, let him tell them they
knew nothing of the manner of the canvass in Penn-
sylvania. Poor Pennsylvania! deluded—(laughter)
—he was sorry to make the humiliating confession
here—she had cast her vote for a candidate for the
presidency who, in Alabama, in South Carolina,
and the whole southern section of the .Union, had
been held up for his opinions, freely avowed here,
and in the gubernatorial canvass in Tennessee, in
opposition to the protection of her great interests.
She had cast her vote for that candidate for the
presidency, believing that he was anything but "a
revenue tariff" man; she had cast her vote for him
upon the assurance of his friends, made throughout
the State, that he would stand by her great interests
—that he would protect her coal and iron, and all
her great manufacturing and productive interests.
He remembered no exception whatever; he knew
there had been some very general remarks made
use of about protection to all interests in general, if
protection of that kind was compatible; but he
hoped no unfair inference would be drawn of the
opinion of the people of Pennsylvania upon this duty
of protection, from the electoral vote of that State.
The 6,000 majority obtained there, had been given
him on the pledge of his friends that he would
stand by the interests of Pennsylvania, by her man-
ufacturing, mining, and great productive interests.
They remained to this day a tariff people; they were
the firm, devoted, unrelenting friends of protection—
a momentary delusion to the contrary notwithstand-
ing ; and he entreated southern gentlemen, who
congratulated themselves on the election of "a rev-
enue tariff" man, and gentlemen from South Caroli-
na, who congratulated themselves upon the election
of a free-trade candidate for the presidency, not to
do the people of Pennsylvania so much injustice as
to believe that they had voted knowingly for a can-
didate for the presidency who was opposed to the
protection of their industry and of their great sta-
ples. If the tariff of 1842 was to be overthrown, he
trusted there would be at least allowed an opportu-
nity for fair and full discussion; that Pennsylvania
would not alone be attacked; that she would not be
the first State to be singled out for retributive jus-
tice.
Under the act of 1842, the manufacture of rail-
road iron had commenced, and been carried on suc-
cessfully in Pennsylvania and in Maryland, where
they were now manufactured nearly as cheap as the
imported article could be obtained; and in the course
of a few years they would be able to manufacture it
quite as cheaply, if not more cheaply, than it could
be imported for. Why, then, with this evidence of
the beneficial effects of the law of 1842, would they
destry this first and best effect of it?
Mr. HOLMES rose, and, in the confusion preva-
lent in the House, his first remarks were lost, or but
indistinctly heard. He was understood to remark
that whether the wise, the sagacious, the discrimina-
ting arch State of Pennsylvania had or had not
been deluded in the matter of the tariff and of the
presidential election, it was for the wisdom, the
knowledge, the sagacity, and discrimination of
that arch State to decide; but in respect to
the question immediately under consideration, the
rest of the States were deeply and vitally concern-
ed. Pennsylvania came now, and uttered loud cries
against the injustice of exempting railroad iron from
duty. Sir, (said Mr. H.) let me tell you and
this House," that the State of Pennsylvania, tender
9s she was of all hey interests, took very good care
to import 80,000 tons of railroad iron free of duty;
and laid it down from her iron works to her princi-
pal towns and villages with a rapidity that * . * *
While, at the same time Georgia, Tennessee, and
South Carolina, and other States, were disabled by
the action of this very northern party—he spoke not
of whigs or democrats, but of this northern party—
from accumulating* sufficient capital to carry into
execution their railroads, Pennsylvania had com-
pletely intersected all the portions pf her territory
by these roads; and what had been the result' The
act had expired, and they had gone and imposed
heavy duties upon railroad iron, and at this moment
Georgia was struggling under all the disadvantages
of this system, and was endeavoring to carry on her
railroads. This summer there had come into her
ports five cargoes of railroad iron for Georgia; every
cargo of which paid $15,000 duty! For whose bene-
fit? For this tender-hearted—he would say iron-
hearted State—[laughter.] In reference to the ob-
jections that had been made against this mode of at-
tacking the tariff, Mr. H. said that attacking it in de-
tail was the only way. Let them attack every pro-
vision on its own particular demerits, and let it be
defended if it could be on its merits, and then let the
people say whether Pennsylvania alon , who, the
gentleman told him, had brought two bars of rail-
road iron here, [a laugh,] was to be consulted only;
or whether the interests of the other States were to
be consulted also. Yes, they had brought two
bars of iron here as an exhibition of this infant
manufacture; and by the operation of this law
the portions of this country, New York, the
South, and other parts, which were constructing
rialroads for the purpose of facilitating commerce,
of extending the great interests of our country, were
to be put off until this protege of the government
could raise up from the manufacture of two bars of
iron to that of a sufficient quantity for the use of the
country. He knew that Hercules, when an infant,
did strangle the serpent; but he wished to Heaven
that there was some boa-constrictor that would
strangle this monster at once.
Mr. BIDLACK. Will the gentleman allow me to
explain? [Much laughter.]
Mr. Holmes having concluded,
Mr. BIDLACK remarked that the gentleman was
mistaken, inasmuch as the iron, to the samples of
which he had referred, was not manufactured in
Pennsylvania, but in Maryland.
Mr. HOLMES said a word or two in reply, which
was lost in the shouts of laughter to which it gave
rise.
Mr. PHOENIX advocated the bill in a few re-
marks; nothing more of which could be gathered
than that these companies were embarrassed, and
required the aid of government, and that the manu-
factories to which reference had been made were of
recent origin, and it had been ascertained, in every
instance, charged more for their iron than the im-
ported article could be obtained for.
Mr. PRESTON KING said he was not in favor
of the passage of this bill, because a proposition to
change the tariff of 1842 by details was not the
proper mode of accomplishing this object. During
the recent canvass, if anybody had said that the first
proposition to alter the tariff of 1842 would come
from the whig side of the House, it would have
been denounced as a calumny. They—the dem-
ocratic party—had said that the tariff was
defective, that it required change in very many par-
ticulars, that it had been got up in haste, and did
not promote the interests of the country. He was
gratified at the introduction of this bill, because it
was evident therefrom, now that the dust and smoke
of the political contest had gone by, that upon all
sides of the House there was an admission that the
law of 1842 was defective, and required change.
They had had an effort to alter this law, from the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Phcenix] on the
whig side of the House, and from the gentleman
from South Carolina "[Mr. Burt] on the opposite
side. Mr. K.'s opinion was, that all these single
and separate propositions should be referred to a
committee; and when they came to act, they should
act and make the changes in the law upon general
principles. With his present opinion, he should
vote against any change m favor of a particular in-
terest; but he was pleased to see the propositions for
these changes come in, as they showed the state of
feeling in the different sections of the country. He
hoped the subject would be referred to a committee,
ana that, upon just and equal general principles, we
should have a revision of the law.
Mr. WENT WORTH wished to suggest to his
friend from New York the propriety of modifying
his proposition a little, so as to give a more exten-
sive operation to its advantages. Whilst he had
nothing to add to, or to detract from, what the gentle-
man had said in relation to the good effects of the
repeal of the duty upon railroad iron, he begged
leave to suggest that those good effects would be
quite limited—confined only to those who owned
stock in railroad companies. Ours is called a pro-
tective tariff, and ought to protect all classes alike—
the farmer, the mechanic, and operative, as well as
incorporated companies, however laudable their ob-
ject. Now, in his section of the confederacy there
were a numerous and respectable class of people
who were interested in th§ purchase of hoes, spades,
shovels, anvils, hammers, nails, spike3, ox chains,
trace chains, ploughs, harrows, &c., &c., embracing
every variety of agricultural implements. The
cheaper they got these articles the better for them.
He presumed there were some of this class residing
in the district of every high-tariff man in this
House, though at times they seemed neglected, if
not entirely forgotten. He would respectfully urge
upon every member "upon this floor the propriety;
the urgent necessity, of doing something for the ag-
ricultural, whilst doing so much for the'corporate in-
terest. And this could be brought about by lessen-
ing the cost of all the implements of husbandry and
mechanism.
Mr. W. knew the inculcated doctrine—though he
would.impeach no man's good sense by saying he
believed it—was, "the higher the duty, the cheaper
the article," or, at least, "the duty constituted no
part of the price." But here is a proposition to re-
duce the duty upon railroad iron, because the duty
makes it unreasonably high. Now, sir, supposing
we just jump out of the cars for.a moment, arid step
into some' of those numerous cottages, bearing the
impress of poverty in whatever direction we view
them, that line the track in too numerous instances,
and ask the suffering inmates if they would not like
the price of their stoves, pots, kettles, gridirons,
shovels, tongs, knives, forks, &c., embracing all
those little articles necessary for house-keeping, re-
duced? In the name of humanity, why should we
not extend the bounties of our legislation to them?
Why not embrace their case, much the most urgent,
in the provisions of this bill? ButAere steps up the
crafty monopolist, the wily special-pleader of the
high-tariff system, and says, "the duty has nothing
to do with the price; if it does anything, it reduces
it." Upon what system of ethics men make one set
of rules apply to railroad iron,-and another to every
other article bearing a high duty, he could not un-
derstand. How a high tariff makes railroad iron
too high, and yet does not affect, except to lessen,
the price of the iron articles used by farmers, me-
chanics, and operatives, he would leave for others
to explain. He could not comprehend it.
Mr. W. said the present was called a protective
tariff. In a country of such ramified interests as
this, that ought not to be called protective which
was not general in its operations. That law was
partial and exclusive which protected one interest,
or one class, one State, or section, at the expense of
another; and it was very unjust, as in the case of
the tariff, where it protected a few wealthy men at
the expense of the great masses. He had been
among his constituents since the great debate in this
House on the tariff, and he had sought in vain for
the much-talked-of protection resulting from the
tariff of 1842. He asked the farmers to feel in their
pockets: it was not there. He asked them to ex-
amine their houses and granaries: it was not there.
To look about their farms in every direction: there
was no new protection there. He asked them to
look at their sales of produce: they had been very
few and at very low prices; so there was no extra
protection there. Then he got them to review their
purchases of the necessaries of life: they had been
few indeed, and those at the highest rates; manu-
factured fabrics had gone up and western bread-
stuffs down. The western farmer and southern
planter knew this protection only by its contrast.
Destruction had been meted out to them. Alas!
their protection was only the protection of their
sweat over their furrowed faces, of the cattle from
their farms, of their produce from their granaries,
of their money from their pockets—indeed, of their
clothes from their backs, to aggrandize eastern
manufactures who fattened upon their distresses,
divided their 33| to 50 per cent., and squandered
hundreds of thousands of dollars for electioneering
purposes.
Mr. W. closed by stating that he hope4 his
