CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
friend from New York would adopt his suggestions,
and make his proposition more general, though he
was not sure he could even then vote for it. He
much preferred to let the whole subject of the pres-
ent tariff remain until our government, democratic
in all its branches, should have the power, in accord-
ance with the righteous and indignant decision of
the American people, to consign it to the same fate
«o recently met by its great advocate. It is better
not to touch it unless it can be remodeled through-
out, leaving not one of its incongruities, absurdities,
oppressions, or abominations, as a stain upon our
country, which professes to dispense its blessings
and divide its burdens equally- among the respective
classes that make up its population.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions, presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. SAMPLE: The petition of Alanson Phiney, pray-
ing that a laud patent may "be issued to him: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. THOMPSON: The petition of Joseph De la Fran-
cia, praying the settlement of his claim for payment for
arms sold to the conventional government of Florida in
1810: referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. HOPKINS: The petition of Peter Rife, of Wythe
county, Virginia, praying for a pension tor his services in
the war of the revolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. DAWSON: Petitions from numerous inhabitants
of Louisiana, to establish a post road from Margorza, in the
parish of Point Coupee, to the town of Opelousas: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. BOYD: The claim of the heirs of Lt. John Towns
for commutation pay.
By Mr. HARALSON: The papers relating to the claim of
John Robinson, administrator of George M. Larinder, de-
ceased; which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. WJSNTWORTH called up the petition of the citizens
of Chicago for a marine hospital, and had it again referred
to the Committee on Commerce. Also the petition of
George Hollenback and three other citizens of Kendall
county, Illinois, for relief from losses sustained during the
Black Hawk war.
By Mr. McDOWELL: The petition of William-Cheever's
heirs, asking a pension; which, with the accompanying pa-
pers, was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
By Mr. HERRICK: The petition of David Towle, of the
State of Maine, for a pension: referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. TIBBATTS: The petition of Enoch Dobyns and
seventy-five other citizens of Mason county, Kentucky,
which represents that the said Dobyns was a subaltern offi-
cer in the sixteenth regiment of Kentuckydetached militia
in the service of the United States in the late war with
Great Britain; thatheisnow laboring under the affliction
of a total blindness; that his little property is exhausted;
that he is unabfc to do anything for his own maintenance;
is without children or otfier near relatives with the means
of assisting him, and is thrown upon the charity of his
neighbors, and praying that the United Ssates may grant
him a pension: referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 18, 1844.
Mr. WOODBURY presented resolutions adopt-
ed by the legislature of New Hampshire, on the
subject of the postage laws generally, and instruct'
ing the senators and requesting the representatives
from that State to vote for a reduction of the rates
of postage, and the abolition of the franking privi-
lege; which were ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. UPHAM presented the credentials of Hon.
Samuel Phelps, re-elected by the legislature of
Vermont a senator from that State, to serve for six
years from and after the 3d day of March next.
They were read, and ordered to be placed upon file.
Mr. ARCHER presented two memorials from
citizens from Pennsylvania, asking for a reform of
the naturalization laws: referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition from Levin
Wethered, of Baltimore city, praying that the ex-
cess of duties paid on certain goods which were or-
dered by him previous to, but not landed until after,
the passage of the tariff of 1828, may be refunded
to him: referred to the "Committee on Finance.
Mr. MERRICK presented a memorial from G.
R. B. Horner, and others, past assistant surgeons in
the navy of the United States, praying that they
may, by law, be allowed rank similar to like officers
in the army: referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition of William
Proffit and other citizens of Bates county, Mis-
souri, praying that Congress will grant to that
county a donation of a quarter section of land, in
consideration of the losses of other lands; referred
lo the Committee on Public Lands,
Mr. BERRIEN, from the C&mmittee on the Ju-
diciary, reported adversely on the petition of Henry
H. Williams, praying that a certain draft received
by him from,the late James Reeside, and accepted
by the Post Office Department, may be paid out of
whatever sum may be allowed by Congress to the
widow! of said Reeside, administratrix on his
last will and testament: ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from }the Committee on
Commerce, reported back, with art amendment to
each, the bill for the relief of William Russell and
others; and the bill increasing the pay of certain
officers of revenue cutters, while serving in the
navy of the United States. C+
Mr. JOHNSON, on leave, introduced a bill ex-
tending the jurisdiction of the district courts to cer-
tain cases upon the lakes and navigable waters, as
let into or are connected with them; which was read
twice, and referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. CHOATE, on leave, introduced a joint reso-
lution authorizing the Attorney General to contract
for copies of a proposed edition of laws and treaties
of the United States: referred to the Committee on
the Library.
Also introduced a bill for the relief of Asa An-
drews; which was twice read, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BREESE introduced, on leave, a bill to di-
rect the President of the United States to cause the
reserved lead mines in the State of Illinois and Ter-
ritories of Iowa and Wisconsin to be exposed to
public sale; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. ASHLEY, on leave, introduced a bill to or-
ganize a new land district in the southern part of the
State of Arkansas; which, after a few remarks by
Mr. A., showing the great necessity for the meas-
ure, was read twice, and referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
Mr. PHELPS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies one day on the ta-
ble:
^ ^Resolved, That the President be requested to inform the ,
Senate whether the executive department is informed of the
various treaty stipulations now subsisting between the re-
\ public of Texas and other independent powers; and that he
* be requested to communicate such stipulations, if in the
possession of the-department, to the Senate.
Mr. CHOATE submitted the following resolu-
tion; wkich lies on the table one day,under the rtle:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the pub-
lisher oi Elliott's Debates to add to his work Mr. Madison's
report of the debates of the convention of 1787. -
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. Bar-
row yesterday, came up for consideration, and was
agreed to, viz:
R'solved, That the Judiciary Committee be instructed to
inquire whether naturalization papers have been granted to
foreigners by any federal or State court, in violation of the
provisions of the laws of Congress; and that said commit-
tee be authorized to send for persons, and papers.
Resolved, That said committee be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of a law empowering the district courts
of the United States to cancel and declare null all naturali-
zation papers which may be found, upon judicial investiga-
tion, to have been granted in violation or fraud of the laws
of Congress.
SPECULATORS IN TEXAS LANDS AND SCRIP.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday by
Mr. Benton, was taken up and agreed to, viz:
Resolvtd, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be in-
structed to inquire whether any provisions are necessary,
in providing lor the annexation of Texas, to protect the
United States from speculating operations in Texas lands or
scrip; and whether any persons employed by the govern-
ment are connected with such speculations. -
Also, that said committee be instructed to inquire wheth-
er the Texas treaty was commenced or agreed up<pn before
the receipt of Lord Aberdeen's despatch of December 26,
1843, to Mr. Pakenham, communicated to our government in
February, 1844.
Also, that it be instructed to obtain, if possible, the "pri-
vate letter" from London, quoted in Mr Upshur's first des-
patch in the Texas negotiation, and supposed by the Presi-
dent to have been carried away among the private papers;
and to ascertain the name of the writer of said letter.
And that said committee be authorized to send for per-
sons and papers to answer the foregoing inquiries, and any
others that may be necessary to promote the safe, speedy,
peaceable, and honorable annexation of Texas to the United
States.
Mr. BENTON presented a printed pamphlet—
which, on his motion, was referred to the Commit-
tee 6n Foreign Relations—comprising an abstract of
the constitutions, laws, and other documents, hav-
ing reference to and including the Empresario grants
and contracts made by the states of Coahuila and
Texas, to and with John Charles Beales, and tooth-
ers under him.
DEPOSITES OF THE PUBLIC MONEYS.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Niles on the
16th instant, concerning the public moneys, came
up, ill order, for consideration. The resolution be-
ing read— .
Mr. NILES said, that since the resoluUon was
introduced, the Secretary of the Treasury had made
his annual report, which he found contained part of
the information called for; and that, since then, he
had obtained some information which he did not
then possess, and for these reasons, not wishing to
"throw any unnecessary labor on the department, he
had modified his resolution, and would offer a sub-
stitute fpr it, which he asked might be read; which
was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to report to the Senate the names of the depositories of the
public revenue, whether individuals or corporations,
and the amount on deposite in the hands of each, at
the close of each month; or, if monthly returns have not
ht-en made, at the close of each quarter, during the cur-
rent year; the amount and description of the securities given
by such depositories, if any; whether such depositories nave
used or loane4 the public moneys; and if so, whether this
has been authorized by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
the allowance or percentage,'if any, received forthe posses-
sion and use of such deposites; the sums which may .have
been transferred during each of said perio'ds, from one de-
pository to another, and the reasons for eack transfers', also
to state whether any banking institution selected as a de-
pository has suspended payment or refused to redeem its
notes on demand, and whether such suspension if any, oc-
curred before or since such bank was used*as a depository
of the public funds; whether the same have been withdrawn,
or what measures have been taken to secure the United
States against loss; and also to state whether any of the
public depositories have failed to pay any portion of the
public deposites on demand, and whether there are any
reasons to apprehend a loss from any of the present deposi-
tones; and to state likewise the medium or currency in
which the public disbursements have been made during the
period aforesaid.
Mr. N. remarked further, that the object of this
resolution was sufficiently apparent on its face; and
he did not know that it was necessary for him to say
anything on the subject. In addition to the gen-
eral considerations which the subject seemed to pre-
sent, he had to state that he had received informa-
tion, from a source entitled to confidence, of an ap-
parent neglect or mismanagement of the public
funds. According to this information, deposites
have been made in a bank in the interior of one or
the States to a considerable amount, which has sus-
pended payment, which refused to redeem its bills,
and against which judgments have been recovered
to a large amount. Whether such desposites were
made before or since the bank stopped payment, he
was wot able to say, and this was one point of his
inquiry; but he had reason to believe that the bank
had been discredited for a length of time. He had
also learned, from a different source, that there was a
large (sum something like a million and a half) in
the hands of an individual, ©r firm, in this District.
The Secretary states, m his annual report, that se-
curity has been taken of this firm; but he (Mr. N.)
wished to know the amount and description of such
security. He also learned that a large amount of
the public revenues (nearly three millions) had
been transferred to districts where they did
not accrue, and where they could not be
wanted for disbursement. Other transfers to large
amounts had probably been made. In view
of this subject generally, the Senate was aware
that the finances of the government were in a very
loose state; they were without legal regulation, and
of course without system, unless of a mere admin-
istrative character; they were subject to the general
and unregulated discretion of the executive depart-
ment of the government. The discretion of the
secretary was the only safeguard, not only as to
security of the public funds, but in regard to the
disposition and use of them; and this discretion ap-
pears to have been exercised in regard to their safe-
ty, but in reference to other and remote considera-
tions affecting the state of the money market, and
even the trade of the country. We seem to be
again approaching a period, once found so perplex-
ing, of a surplus revenue. There is already aconsider-
able surplus—one ofabout nine millions; and it seems
that the secretary is using these funds to influence
and control the state of the money market, and the
trade of the country, by making such distribution of
the public revenues as he thinks will affect these
interests. If large sums of the public moneys are
suddenly removed from one point to another, this
may (temporarily, at least) occasion anincreased de-
mand for money and a higher rate of interest at th$
