edNGttlESStONAL GLOBB.
Al
modification of the present oppressive duties: when-
ever they modify them, 1 would relax my State le-
gislation. Let me tell you, if we do not get redress
from the returning sense of justice among the peo-
ple, we know full well that we have, the power
in our own hands. Long have we suffered
under this system of oppression. We agreed,
on one occasion, tipon a. compromise; we
complied fully with that compromise; our
advantages resulting from that compromise had
but begun when our enemies, the advocates of pro-
tection, violated all their plighted faith—the plight-
ed faith of those who had preceded them in office—
and struck down this system of compromise, and
re-established these high duties. We feel that we
have the power to do this thing—to redress our-
selves; that we are about to escape from the burdens
under which too long and too tamely we have suf-
fered; we feel that, like the children of Israel, we
have passed the Red Sea, and stand upon the sum-
mit of Mount Pisgah; and we feel, too, as if the
promised land were but just before us; and we now
tell gentlemen if they refuse to adjust this thing upon
terms of equality and justice, we will apply the re-
medy. Whenever the question be between uncon-
ditional submission and slavery—abject slavery to a
dominant irresponsible interest of this country, I
tell you, sir, we will resist; for aught I know, for
aught I care, a million of swords may leap from
their scabbard and drink deep the blood of their op-
pressors. That is my view; I state it on my own
responsibility; so far as I am concerned 1 am ready
to meet any contingency rather than to submit
tamely while plunder shall continue to be the order
of the day. I will do my duty let the case be \Wiat
it may.
Mr. P. having concluded—
Mr. HAMMETT remarked that this debate had
sprung upon him most suddenly and unexpectedly;
and he believed that no one had contemplated—not
even the mover of this bill—that, at this early stage
of the session, they would be involved in the dis-
cussion of this vexed tariff question—a question
which must be settled, and settled with great delib-
eration and care, before the country would be satis-
fied. Even if the proposition before the House
were to be adopted or rejected, still it would leave
the tariff question unsettled as fully as it was now
unsettled, and the country would be as far from
being satisfied as it was at present. With a view,
then, of putting an end to this premature debate,
and leave the tariff question to be settled in' a regu-
lar form—settled, as he hoped it would be, in a
spirit of harmony, conciliation, and union—in a
spirit which would meet with the approbation of
• their constituents in every part of this Union—in a
manner which would place this subject of the tariff
on a permanent basis, from which it would not
soon again be removed,—with this view, if it was
now in order, he would move to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
Mr. J. R. 1NGERSOLL asked the yeas and
nays on this motion.
Mr. COBB appealed to the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Hammett] to withdraw the motion
he had made, in order that the bill might be allowed
to go to a committee, and be examined oh its merits.
The gentleman might move the previous question, if
he desired to put an end to the debate, which, at the
same time, would allow of the whole subject being
referred to«a committee.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS inquired if the yeas and nays were
on the motion to reject the bill.
The SPEAKER. On-the motion to lay the bill
on the table.
Mr. ADAMS. To that motion I should have no
objection—
The SPEAKER interposed, and reminded the
gentleman that the question was not debatable.
Mr. ADAMS. I roee to make a proposition.
[A voice: "No contracts here."]
Mr. ADAMS continued. Provided that another
bill, attacking the same tariff in detail, which I be-
lieve has been referred'to the Committee of Ways
and Means—I mean the bill for repealing the duty
on cotton bagging and gunny cloth, (which was
introduced by Mr. Bert of South Carolina,) which
has coolly, calmly taken its course, and been re-
ferred—provided that bill be also laid on the table,
1 have no objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman cannot strike
a bargain now in any manner.
The SPEAKER repeated that debate was not in
order.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative, by yeas 155, nays 40, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Baily, Baker, Barnard, Benton,
Bidlack, James Black, James A. Black, Blackwell, Bower,
Bowlin, Boyd, Brensle, Brodhead, Milton Brown, William
J. Brown, Buffington, Burke, Caldwell, Carpente.r, Shep-
herd Cary, Catlin, Causin,Augustus A. Chapman, Coles,
Collamer, Cranston, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Darragh, Gar-
rett Davis, Richard D. Davis, John W.Davis, Dawson,Dean,
Deberry, Dickey, Dillingham, Douglass,Dromgoole, Dun-
can, Dunlap, Farlee, Ficklin, Fish, Florence, Foster,
French, Fuller, Giddings, Goggin, Byram Green, Grinnell,
Grider, Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, Edward S. Hamlin, Ham-
mett, Hardin, Hays, Henley, Herrick, Hoge, Hopkins,
Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, Hughes, Hungerford, Wash-
ington Hunt, C.J. Ingecsoll, J. R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jameson,
Jenks, Cave Johnson, Perley B. Johnson, George "W.
Jones, Andrew Kennedy, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King,
Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Lucas, McCauslen, Mcllvaine, Mc-
Kay, Marsh, Mathews, Edward J. Morns, Joseph Morris,
Freeman H. Morse, Isaac E. Morse, Moseley, Nes, New-
ton, Norris, Owen, Patterson, Peyton, Pollock, Emery D.
Potter, Preston, Purdy, Ramsey, Charles M. Reed, David S.
Reid, Reding, Relfe, Ritter, Roberts, Robinson, Rockwell,
Rodney, Rogers, Russell, St. John, Sample, Senter, Thomas
H. Seymour, David L.Seymour, Slidell, Albert Smith, John
T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith,
Steenrod, Andrew Stewart, John Stewart, James W. Stone,
Alfred P. Stone, Summers, Sykes, Taylor, Thomasson,
Thompson, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vameter, Vin-
ton, Weller, Wentworth, Wethered, Wheaton, John White,
Benjamin White, Williams, Winthrop, William Wright,
Joseph A. Wright, and Yancey—155.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arrington, Ashe, Bar-
ringer, Edward J. Black, Burt, Campbell, Reuben Chap-
man, Ohappell, Chilton, Clinch, Cljngman, Cobb, Ellis,
Holmes, Hudson, James B. Hunt, Andrew Johnson, Preston
King, Leonard, Lumpkin. Lyon, McClelland, McCler-
nand, McConnell, McDowell, Murphy, Paj'ne, Phcenix, Rath-
bun, Rayner, Severance, Simons, Simpson, Stephens, Stet-
son, Stiles, Strong, and Woodward—40.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS moved to suspend the
rules, in order that the House might resolve itself
into a Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
And the question being taken, the motion was re-
jected—ayes 54, noes 67.
On motion of Mr. PARMENTER, the following
bills from the Senate were taken up, and, after be-
ing read the first and second time, referred to appro-
priate committees, viz:
An act to change the time of holding the federal
courts in the State of Kentucky.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives of
Joshua Kennedy, of Alabama: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
An act for the relief of the heirs of Robert Fulton,
deceased: referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of the heirs of James Duffy:
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
An act to afford relief to certain contractors of the
government; and
An act concerning furloughs in the naval service:
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DUNCAN gave notice that he would, at an
early day, ask leave to introduce a resolution to re-
peal one of the rules of the last session, commonly
called the one-hour rule.
This notice being objected to, it was not received.
On motion by Mr. C. J. INGrERSOLL, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of certain mer-
chants of New York, concerning the refunding of
duties on Dutch vessels; and the same was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. W. J. BROWN,
Ordered, That a committee of two members be appointed
on enrolled bills, to act in conjunction with a like commit-
tee on the part of the Senate.
Mr. BOWLIN asked leave to make a report for
one of the standing committees.
Objections being made,
Mr. BOWLIN moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to make the report; which motion be-
ing adopted,
Mr. BOWLIN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported the following bills; which were "read
twice, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, viz:
A bill for the relief of Langtree and Jacobs; and
A bill for the relief of Thomas Allen.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH, in pursuance of previ-
ons notice, asked leave to introduce a bill.
Objections being made,
Mr. ROBERT SMITH moved to suspend the
rules generally, for half an hour, to allow members
to introduce bills who had given notice of them,
when,
On motion, the House adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. DAWSON: The petition of John L. Harris, for
confirmation of fractional lot No. 16, township 16, range 14/
&c., on the river Mississippi, in Madison parish, La.: refer-
red to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of the inhabitants of the
port of Sag Harbor, in the State of New York, for an ap-
propriation to construct a breakwater, and to deepen and
enlarge the channel in their harbor: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
By Mr. SHEPHERD CARY: The petition of John Black,
Daniel M. Allen, and others, praying that a light-house be
established upon Spoon island, in Maine: referred to the
Committer on Commeice.
By Mr. HERRICK: The petition of Adam McCulloch,
praying for an appropriation for the purchase of Goat
island, at the entrance of Cape Porpoise harbor, m the State
of Maine.
By Mr. McDOWELL: The petition of sundry persons of
Highland county, Ohio, asking a reduction of postage: re-
ferred to the appropriate committe.e. The petition of Abram
Ausman, praying a pension: referred to the appropriate
committee.
By Mr. KIRKPATRICK: The petition of Alexander H.
Cumming, praying compensation for carrying the mail: re-
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. WETHERED: The memorial of Richard Wells,
sen., of Carroll Jcunty, Maryland, praying-for a pension:
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. TIBBATTS: The petition of Joseph Paxton, now
of the State of Missouri, praying remuneration for arms
and clothing lost by him during-the late war, while-in the
service of the United States: referred to the Committee of
Claims.
By Mr PHCENIX: The memorial of Chas. H. Todd, of
New York, praying to be refunded duties that have been er-
roneously paid.
By Mr. BURKE: The petition of Thomas F. Harkness,
for compensation forperforming clerk duties in the office of
the Commissioner of Pensions. The memorial of Nicholas
Murray, and others, for arrearages of pay due James Mur-
ray, a revolutionary soldier.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of Wm. H. Y. Hackett, and
forty-nine others, praying that the lands in the Vincenjies
district unsold, or so much thereof as may be necessary to
complete a direct communication between Lake Erie and
the Ohio river, may be granted to the State ol Indiana: re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. REDING: The petition of Benjamin Ropes, of
Woodstock, New Hampshire, on the subject of French spo-
liations prior to 1800: referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. A series of resolutions adopted by the legislature
of New Hampshire upon the subject of the reduction of
postage and abridgment of the franking privilege: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and or-
dered to be printed.
By Mr. WHEATON: The petition of John De Puy, of
Manlius, Onondaga county, New York, praying that his
name may be restored to the pension list: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. SEVERANCE: The petition of Isaac Davenporjfc,
of Phillips, Maine, for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 19, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Senate
a communication from the Navy Department, trans-
mitting a statement from the Fourth Auditor of the
Treasury, respecting the expenditure of the navy
pension fund for the year ending 30th September,
1844, and showing its condition at this time; order-
ed to lie on the table.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill
granting certain lands to the State of Indiana, the
better to enable the said State to extend and com-
plete the Wabash and Erie canal from Terre Haute
to the Ohio river. The report accompanying was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back without amendment, and with
a recommendation that it d.o pass, the bill to consol-
date and amend the acts in relation to the pensions
to widows and orphans of naval officers, seamen,
and marines.
Also reported back, from the same committee,
without amendment, the joint resolution authorizing
an allowance to be made to Purser B. M. F. Thorn-
ton, in the settlement of his accounts.
On motion of Mr. B. the previous orders of the
day were postponed, and the bill immediately above
was taken up, and considered as in committee of the
whole, reported to the Senate, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was re-
ferred the petition of Harriet H. Sanders, the widow
of James Sanders, praying to be restored to the na-
val pension roll, reported a general bill for the re-
newal of certain naval pensions for five years; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. EVANS submitted the following resolution
for consideration, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to inform the Senate v, hether any application has been made
to the department since the close of the last session of Con-
