4§
CONGRESSIONAL GtOSE.
gress for the remission" Of penalties or forfeitures Heretofore
incurred and paid fqr violations of the revenue laws of the
United States, in the importations of foreign goods or mer-
chandise, and if so, by whom, and the grounds upon which
such'application is mactej the time when incurred and paid,
together with the decision or action of the department there-
on,
Mr. EVANS submitted the following resolution;
which, under the rule, lies one day on the,table, viz:
- Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to inform the Senate what amount of,duties which had pre-
viously been paid upon the importation of foreign goods and
merchandise into the United States has been refunded since
the close of the last session of Congress, together with a de-
scription of the merchandise, and the times of importation,
respectively, upon which said duties were collected, and
the names of the persons to whom refunded*, and also to
communicate copies of all circular letters or instructions is-
•ued from the Treasury Department since the close of the
last session relating to the refunding of the same, or to the
rates of duty to be thereafter collected; and that he be also
directed to inform the Senate of the number of applications
now pending for^the refunding of duties heretofore paid, the
times when presented and by whom, the description of mer-
chandise imported, and the amount of duties paid.
Mr. HUNTINGTON submitted the following
resolution; which, under the rule, lies one day on
the table, viz: ^
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to inform the Senate what number of steamers for the reve-
nue service have been built, or have been ordered to be
built; the respective periods of time when the contracts for
"building the same were made; the cost of each; the places
where the same have been, or are to be built; the names of
the contractor or contractors; the actual or estimated ex-
pense attending their employment; the difference in the ex-
pense of construction and employment between the same
and,the wooden revenue-cutters; and whether any trial of
the same has been made to test their utility j and whether
they will probably be as-useful for the revenue service, hav-
ing reference to their speed, and to all other considerations
connected with their cost and use as the revenue cutters
heretofore built and used in the service.
Mr. WOODBURY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of William
Rich; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. W., from the same committee, reported back,
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that it do pass, the billforthe relief ofGideon Batch-
elder and others. Subsequently, on his motion, the
previous orders of the day were postponed, and the
bill was considered as in committee of the whole,
reported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr. WOODBURY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported adversely on the petition of
Thomas N. Russell, praying to be allowed fishing
bounty. The report was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, leave was granted,
to withdraw from the files the petition and papers of
John Pennington.
Mr. J. presented the petition of the Mexican
Gulf Railway company and its sureties, praying to
be released from the costs of a suit, improperly in-
stituted against them by the United States: referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following; which
was considered by unanimous consent, and agreed
to, viz:
Resoived, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to the Senate, as early as may be practi-
cable, copies of all orders or instructions which may at any
time have been given by his department to the land officers
and persons acting as survyor general in Louisiana, in re-
lation to the "Houma claim," of any plats or surveys in his
department of said claim, and of any arguments or state-
ments heretofore made to the department in relation to that
claim, and of the decisions of the department thereon; also
a list of all the private claims derived from either of the
former governments of Louisiana, or based upon any of the
laws of the United States, which are included in whole or
in part by the claimed lines of the Houma tract, specifying
in each' case the name of the claimant, the character, nature,
and date of the original title papers, and the amount claim-
ed; and, if confirmed, the date of the confirmatory law; and
also a list of all such tracts included therein as may, by the
official plats, or the returns of the proper officers, be shown
to have been sold at any time by the United States, and
their areas and the amounts paid therefor; specifying the
dates of entry and the laws under which they weiemade;
and also to report whether such portions of the said Houma
claim as have been patented were ever regularly surveyed
by the proper authority m confoimity to the instructions of
department and the requirements of the law, and the lines
thereof properly returned and exhibited upon the township
maps sent to the department prior to the granting of such
patents.
Mr. ASHLEY presented a communication sign-
ed by Thomas Clark and others, _ members of the
legislature of Arkansas, representing the necessity
c of a mail route from Ciarksville to Carrollton, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee on
tthe Post Office and Post Roads.
. JSdr, A. also submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the map of Texas,
which was engraved for the use of the Senate, at the last
session, be furnished, provided the cost of the same, does
not exceed twelve cents per copy, including paper, print-
ing, pasting, and coloring.
Mr. FAIRFIELD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be hereby
directed to collect from the hands of engravers and others,
in this city, all the metallic plates that from time to time
have been engraved and paid for by order of the Senate, and
to deposit the same in the Library of .Congress, for the
further use of the Senate and House of Representatives.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
the Philadelphia and Reading Railway Company,
asking that duties on railroad iron, imported during
the current year, may be remitted: referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Also .presented a memorial from Frances Ed-
wards, now a resident of Philadelphia, but former-
ly of Virginia, the widow and executrix of Enoch
Edwards, deceased, a surgeon in the revolutionary
army, praying to be allowed the commutation pay
to which he was entitled: referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
, Also presented a memorial from citizens of Penn-
sylvania,^ asking for an appropriation to rebuild the
piers at Port Penn and Reedy Island, and to com-
plete the light-house on Brandywine shoals, in the
Delaware river; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. FOSTER~of Tennessee, from the Committee
on Claims, reported buck without amendment, and
with a recommendation that they do pass, the fol-
lowing bills, viz:
The bill for the relief of James Ritchie; and
The bill for the relief of J. M. McFarland.
Subsequently, on the motion of Mr. BARROW,
the previous orders of the day were postponed, and
the above bills were taken up and considered as in
committee of the whole, reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. FOSTER of Tennessee, from the Committee
on Claims, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill for
the relief of Pierre Manard, Josiah T. Betts, Jacob
Fleaman, and Edmund Roberts, of the State of Illi-
nois, sureties of Felix St. Yrain, late Indian agent,
deceased.
Subsequently, on the motion of Mr. BREESE,
the above bill was taken up and considered as in
committtee of the whole, reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, on leave, introduced the
following bills; which were read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce, viz:
A bill to regulate the appointment and promotion
of officers in the United States revenue marine; and
A bill to provide for the appointment and for reg-
ulating the pay of engineers and assistant engineers
in the United States revenue service.
RELATIONS WITH MEXICO.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the President of the
United States, transmitting copics of documents re-
ceived from the minister at Mexico since the com-
mencement of the present session of Congress;
which was read, (ana will be found in the report of
the proceedings of the House,) and, on the motion
of Mr. ARCHER, referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
PEA PATCH ISLAND.
The engrossed bill entitled "An act to settle the
title to the Pea Patch island, in the river Delaware,"
was read the third time, and passed.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourn it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
On motion, by Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Bernard Hempkin, of Louis-
iana,.praying for the confirmation of a land sale, be taken
from the files and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
FOREIGN PAUPERS AND CRIMINALS.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies one day on the
table, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed to com-
municate to the Senate such information as may be in pos-
session of the Department of State, as to the practice of for-
eign governments in transporting their criminals and pau-
pers into the United States; and that he also communicate
copies of such - instructions, if any, as may have been<given
by the government c>f the United States to its. consuls and
other agents in foreign governments upon this subject, and
copies of such reports, if any, as may Nhave been received
from such consuls and agents in relation thereto.
PENSIONS.
On motion by Mr. BATES, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, and the joint resolution
explanatory of the act making appropriations for
naval, revolutionary, and other pensioners of the
United States for the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1845, was taken up as in committee of the whole,
considered, reported to the Senate, and ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading. [This resolution
provides that the cases of widows pending on the
passage of that act, before4the commissioner of pen-
sions, shall not be subjected to the restrictive pro-
visions of that law.]
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Phelps yesterday, came up in order, and was
agreed to:
• Resolved, That the President he requested to inform the
•Senate whether the executive department is informed of the
various treaty stipulations now subsisting between the re-
; public of Texas and other independent powers; and that he
•. be requested to communicate such stipulations, if in the
possession of the department, to the Senate.
The following resolution, introduced by Mr.
Choate yesterday, was agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the'pub-
lisher of Elliott's Debates to add to his work Mr. Madison's
report of the debates.of the convention of 1787.
. v OREGON.
Mr. ATCHISON, pursuant to notice heretofore
given, asked and obtained leave to introduce a~ bill
to "organize the government of "Oregon, and for'
other purposes."
. The bill was read twice with a view to reference,
when
Mr. ATCHISON moved its reference to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Mr. ARCHER objected to its going to that com-
mittee under present circumstances, as he conceived
the Committee pn Foreign Relations in charge of
the subject. He moved its reference to that com-
mittee.
Mr. ATCHISON could not see what the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations could have to do with
it. The bill solely related to the organization of a
territorial government, and had nothing foreign
in it.
Mr. BAGBY argued to the same effect; and dep-
recated the proposition of referring the bill to its en-
emies instead of to its friends—it being well known
that every member of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, except, perhaps, one, was hostile to its pro-
visions.
Mr. BENTON followed in support of the motion
to refer the bill to the Committee on Territories,
and not to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ATCHISON appealed to the uniform prac-
tice of the Senate and all parliamentary bodies, in
support of his proposition to refer the matter to a
friendly committee.
Mr. WOODBURY advocated the propriety of the
course pointed out by the senator who introduced
the bill, but suggested that a bill of such importance
ought to go to a special committee; which he would
vote for if any gentleman made the motion.
Mr. MOREHEAD professed himself friendly to
the object of the bill, though a member of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs; yet he thought, under ex-
isting circumstances, the bill ought to go to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BENTON again showed that to send it to the
Committee on Foreign Relations would be to defeat
it; and that the reasons now urged for that course—
the pendency of negotiations upon that su ject be-
tween the two governments—were the same that
prevailed 25 years ago, and kept back the question
ever since.
Mr. ATCHISON called for the yeas and nays on
his motion to refer the bill to the Committee on Ter-
ritories; and they were ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted—yeas
21, nays 24, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atclmon, Atherton,Bagby,
Benton, Broese, Buchanan, Colquitt, Dickinson, Fairfield,
Foster of New York, Hannegan, Hayv, ood, linger, Niles,
Semple, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, and Woodbury—21.
NAVr S —Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Evans, Foster of Tennesee,
Francis, Huntington, Johnson, Mangum, Merrick, Miller,
Morehead, Pearce, Phelps, Porter, Kives, Upham, "White,
and Woodbridge—-24.
