CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
while the people were compelled to use a circulating
medium of less value, the responsibility must rest
with them; but they had no right to compel them
(the whig party) to allow it to pass in silence. _ On
this subject the people passed in 1840; and if it
should now again become the law of the land, he
belived they would find that a voice would come up
t© these halls as powerful as that which was heard
in 1840.
Mr. A. KENNEDY rose, and said he had not in-
tended to enter into this debate, nor was that the
purpose with which he had now risen: his object
was to clear the democracy of the State of Indiana
from some of the misrepresentations of his col-
league, [Mr. C. B. Smith.] He had thought that,
of all the States of this Union, the democ-
racy of Indiana was entitled to the crcdit,
if credit it were, of fighting this last battle on prin-
ciple, and on principle alone. There was no ques-
tion at issue between the two parties which divide
the country that was evaded or dodged in that sec-
tion of the State in which he resided. There was
no democratic candidate for elector—there was no
member of the democratic party now occupying or
entitled to a seat on this floor—there was no
democratic speaker m Indiana that he had either
heard or heard of—in short, there was no demo-
crat in Indiana that at any time repudiated the ques-
tion of the sub-treasury. There were none that
were not, at all times and in all placcs, ready to dis-
cuss that question, as well as any other question,
with any of their political competitors. So far as
that. question was concerned, he was free to
say that it was not a leading theme of discus-
sion in the late contest, and for the very best reason,
because they could not get the whigs to take issue
•with them upon it. In that contest they were
brought to the issues which involved great princi-
ples; for they had no man with epauletts on his
shoulders, nor one who, though he had been fruit-
lessly seeking the presidency for many years, had
thousands and tens of thousands singing his praises
•in every conceivable poetic measure, to bear their
standard.- They had for a candidate a plain, unob-
trusive man; and on the flag which he bore were
plainly and intelligibly written the principles they
professed; and they rallied round their standard-
bearer not so much for love of the man, as of the
principles which, on his banner, were inscribed.
True, in Indiana they did not advocate free trade as
the whigs pretend to understand it; but they advo-
cated the plain, well-known democratic doctrine, as
far as the tariff was concerned, from Maine to
the Bravo del Norte. [Laughter ] That doctrine was
known to be a revenue tariff, with such inciden-
tal protection as such a tariff would affbid. Farther
than that they never went. On the question of the
-currency, they were opposed to a United States
bank, or any association of banks, into which the
treasure of the nation was to be poured, and there
•frittered away by any men or set of men who might
-be behind the scenes. In Indiana they were against
•any such "fixing.*' [Laughter.] They were for an
independent treasury, depending more than on locks
and keys-—on good strong laws'for their security. So
•far as annexation was concerned, they were not for
Texas any sooner than they could get it. [Laugher.]
His colleague, [Mr. C. B. Smith,] had said it was
to be done "immediately, if not sooner;1' but in
Indiana they were for annexaiion as soon as it could
be done, and much sooner than they thought it
couM be done with the "whigs kicking against it
so violently as they did. They were for u when
the people of the United S:ates and the people, of
Texas were willing to do it, without crossing over
to ask Santa Anna or anv of his minion anything
about it. From these y/ont-ons, he assured his col-
league the democracy of Indiana would never
shrink. Of "Pisgah's Mount/1 of which his col-
league had spoken, lie confessed he knew nothing
[Laughter.] iNor should he ever attempt an ascent,
of that mount to look for the "vnlley of free trade''
or the other '"promised Knd" of which his col-
league had so eloquently discoursed. [Renewed
laughter.] The idea appeared to be too full
of poetry for a plain men as he was, who
was ever content with humble prose. He fear-
ed, instead of gazing from Pisgah's top for
"the promised land,'1 liis colleague had been look-
ing up vSSdlt river"—[great laughter]—and that,
it had been whispered to him, was about as near
"the promised land" as his colleague was ever likely to
get. [Renewed laughter.] He would assure his
colleague that in the late contest, which resulted in
the election of James K, Folk, they dealt not in
poetry; they held out no extravagant hopes to the
the people of Indiana of getting to the top of
Pisgah, or any other mount; they beguiled them not
with visions of $2 a day and roast beef; [laughter;]
but they held out to them the bleesings which our
institutions, properly administered, are so well cal-
culated to secure. They wanted a government to
do as little evil as possible; one which would
preserve the peace of the community, and give
to the industrious the prospect of enjoying the
honest fruits of laborous toil, taking no more from
the earnings of the poor man than was sufficient to
defray his quota of the expenses of rightly main-
taining the government under which they lived.
So much for both the mountain andthevale of his col-
league. But in one thing his colleague and he con-
curred. He would repeat the words of his colleague
—"there is in this world a great deal of humbus;."
[Laughter.] Whatever might be pretended on the
other side, there was a great deal of "humbug" in
saying that the people decided against the sub-treas-
ury in 1840: nor had they decided for it m 1844.
That was the naked truth. There were a great
number of people, who were great politicians,
and in many other things were very learned,
who knew not what the sub-treasury meant.
He had heard of some who thought it was a
great bank in "Washington, which issued treasury
notes as its bank bills. [Laughter.] No, in both
the election of 1840 and of 1844, there was mixed
up a variety of questions, and in 1840 they were
beaten, badly beaten; but in 1844 they had beaten
their opponents as much as their opponents beat
them in 1840, without deciding the sub-treasury
question in either issue. But there was sufficient to
show the public sentiment to be in favor of this sub-
treasury system; and for the bill before the House
he should vote when the proper time came, though
he knew it could not get through the whig Senate at
the other end of this Capitol. And knowing that
nothing could be accomplished, he did not wont to
spend much time in trying to do it; he was desirous
to economize time as well as money; but he could
not sit still after hearing the misrepresentations of
his colleague, or the accusation that his constituents
had dodged that or any other question. So much
for prevalent "humbug."
But, in conclusion, he would say a word to his
own political friends. He advised them to goon
with the straightforward discharge of their duty,
and he was satisfied they would not again be
troubled with whigery for the next half century.
Whigery was dead and buried, and he cautioned
his fiiends not to gouge it up again. Such as re-
mained was turned half to nativeism and half to abo-
lition, and the democracy should now administer
the government for the good of the people. He
entreated them, earnestly entreated them, not to al-
low themselves to be diverted from the line of duty.
Mr. SCHENCK next obtained the floor, and
proceeded to address the committee, recapitulating,
m the outset, the arguments of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] and the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Barnard,] with whom he
concurred, respecting the unconstitutionality of ma-
king a certain building in Washington the treasury
of the government, while, they had depositaries
elsewhere. He also objected to the proposed sub-
treasury system because it would require specie
payments; and he drew a picture of the transfer of
the specie from the ports in which it might be col-
lected, to the points at which its disbursement might
he required by teams almost innumerable, with an
occasional absconding sub-treasurer, as erratic in his
course as the comet in the solar system, but not so
certain m his return.
There was an objection to the bill, (continued Mr.
S.,) which it seemed to him was inevitable. The
system which it was proposed by this bill to estab-
lish, would either leave the money of the govern-
ment to be exposed, without an appropriation of
law, in the hands of t^ose who might be its de-
positaries; or el**, in order to keep up this scheme,
they were to take it out of the treasury by appro-
priation, first getting it there by an immensely
greater machinery than this bill provided, by carting
the money from the points where it was accumu-
lated to the centre—to "the treasury" at Wash-
ington.
Mr. S. proceeded at length into a discussion of
the political questions connected with the recent
canvass, at which the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglass,] he said, could not complain, as the
gauntlet had not been thrown down from the whig
side of the House; in proof of which, Mr. S.
traced the course of the debate thus far, and the gen-
tlemen by whom it had been conducted. The sub-
treasury, it had been said by the gentlemen from
Illinois, had been before the people and been tried
by them; and if it had been condemned in 1840, a
new trial had been granted in 1844, and a different
verdict rendered. Mr. S. contended that the latter
part of this proposition was not true—that the sub-
treasury had not been declared in favor of by the
people at the late election—not having been brought
directly before the people, but mixed up and cov-
ered with various other issues, of which he entered
into a protracted discursive examination, and into
a general arraignment of the course of the demo-
cratic party during the late canvass, for diversities
and contrarities of tenets in the different portions of
the Union—for vagueness and indistinctness of
doctrines laid down, particularly in the resolutions
of the Baltimore convention—for a failure, in ac-
cordance with the expectations held out by that
convention, to prepare an address to the people of
the United States defining the doctrines of their
creed^ &c., &c. He denied, on the contrary, the
charge that the whigs had been mute, or had hes-
itated to declare their opinions; and maintained, if
that charge was to be laid upon cither party, it must
be upon their opponents. He alleged that doubts
had rested upon the minds of the inhabitants of
Pennsylvania in reference to Mr. Polk's opinions
on the subject of a tariff, and that, after having writ-
ten to him on the subject, they had failed to receive
an answer; and for the truth of this statement he
appealed to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Brodiiead.]
Mr. BRODHEAD (Mr. S. yielding the floor) said
he believed some whigs in Pennsylvania had been
teasing Mr. Polk by writing letters to him; and he
had acted very wisely in not replying. [Laughter.]
iVlr. B. believed he had written one letter on-the
tariff, and that was enough for James K.Polk to
write.
Mr. SCHENCK further urged that the sup-
porters of Mr. Polk in different sections of the
Union had claimed him both for and against
a protective tariff, and that he had been
"mum" upon the subject—a sin- of which the
democratic party had been so loud in charg-
ing Gen. Harrison, while, with reference to
Mr. Clay, they had changed their objections, and
charged that he had written too many letters ex-
pressive of his opinions. There had been no princi-
ple decided at the late contest, he contended; but
the single issue "democracy" had been the
mere party watchword—an issue with more diffi-
culty contended against, because it was indicative of
no principle whatever, but under which factions of
all opinions, however opposed, whether upon the
question of Texas, of the tariff, or any of the great
issues before the people, might rally and had rallied
in harmony.
After some further remarks from Mr. S. in regard
to the issues presented in the late contest—
Mr. YANCEY obtained the floor; but yielded it to
Mr. DROMGOOLE, who offered a resolution to
terminate debate on the bill to-morrow at 2 o'clock.
Mr. A. V. BROWN asked leave to report a bill
from the Committee on Territories, but it was ob-
jected to as out of order.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to*
day, were handed to the reporter by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. H. HAMLIN: The petition of Daniel Warren and
45 others, for the erection of a light-house at the entrance of
fiilkej 's  harbor, Maine.
By Mr. RTKKNFOD: Documents, statistics, and proof,
to Mwtam the application for a marine hospital at Wheel-
ing. Virginia: referred to the Committee oa Commerce.
jJy Mr. UARRINGEli: The petition of Henry Causler, C.
I- Hunter, and 1 other citizens of Lincoln county, North.
( arolina. m favor of ifbuilding the branch mint at Char-
lotte, North C<!rohir The memorial of the grand jury of
the county court of Lincoln county, North Carolina, at its
Deeombei term, 1^14, in favor of the same object: roferred
to the Committee of IVays and Means.
By Mr. SKVI'.RAXCK: The petition of Daniel Bailey
and otheis, that Congress will abolish slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia and Florida.
By Mr. I. K MORSE: The petition of the Red river Rail-
road Company, prating for allowance of drawback on cer-
tain railroad iron laid on said road: referred to the Commit*
lee on Commerce.
By Mr. OWKN: The memorial of H P. Cosselberry and
ru others: the memorial of Thomas F. Bethel and 56 oth*
c-v*; the memorial of Stephen Child^ and 7-2 others; the me-
morial of A. B. Miller and 44 others; the memorial ofEras-
tus Williams and 45 others; all praying a grant of lands to
aid in the completion of the Wabash and Erie canal; all of
which were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
