CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A bill to extend the national road to the city of
A'ton, on the Mississippi river.
^ On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the bill authori-
zing the Secretary of the Treasury to compound
with the sureties of Samuel Swartwout was taken
up, and; the amendment recommended by the Ju-
diciary Committee, being adopted, was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time.
On motion, it was agreed that, when-the Senate
adjourn, it be to Thursday next,
The Senate then adjourned. -
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES. -
Monday, December 23,-1844;
Mr. ROBERTS gave notice of a motion for leave
to introduce a bill asking for a grant of alternate sec-
tions of land upon the line of survey for the railroad
from Jackson, Mississippi, through Branddn, to the
western boundary of the State of Alabama, and for
other purposes. -
_ On motion by Mr. DEAN, leave was granted to
him to withdraw certain papers from the files of the
House.
Mr. A. V. BROWN asked what was the first
business in order.
The SPEAKER replied that it was the motion of
the gentleman [Mr. A. Y. Brown] on Saturday to
suspend the rules, for the purpose of making a re-
port from the Committee on Territories.
Mr. DOUGLASS Ssked the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to allow him first to ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for the introduction of'ajoint
resolution providing for the reannexation of Texas
to the United States, in conformity with the Louisi-
ana treaty.
Mr. RiiDING objected, unless the same privi-
lege was allowed to other members.
Mr. DOUGLASS then gave notice that he would
introduce it to-morrow.
Mr. HOLM£S rose to a question of order. In
the first place, he would inquire of the Speaker
whether this day was not set apart for the reception
of petitions. .
The SPEAKER replied that the rules of the
House set apart the first thirty days of the session
for the reception of petitions. But the motion of
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. A. V. Brown]
being for the suspension of the rules, it would, if
carried, take precedcnce.
After some convers ition—
Mr. A. V. BROWN, chairman of the Committee
on Territories, by general consent, reported a bill to
organize a tenitorial government in Oregon.
The bill establishes a government over all the
country lying west of the summit of the Rocky
mountains, and bounded on the south by latitude
forty-two, and on the north by latitude fifty-four
degrees and forty-nine minutes of north latitude.
It provides for the appointment of a governor to
reside in said Territory, and also to act as Indian
agent, with a salary of dollars; also for the
appomtment'of a judge, secretary of the Territory,
attorney, and marshal, with salaries of dol-
lars.
It organizes a legislative department, to consist of
a council of five, and an assembly not to exceed
fifty in number. Each five hundred inhabitants to
be entitled to one representative.
No person to be entitled to vote for representa-
tive or to be eligible as such, unless he shall have
been a citizen of one of United States or some Terri-
tory thereof,' or unless he be an actual resident of
said Territory and shall be a free white male over the
age of twenty-one years; judges of election to have
authority to interrogate, on oath, all persons offer-
ins: to vote who shall be suspected of a want of fidel-
ity to the-United States, and to reject the vote of such
as refuse to take the oath of allegiance to the United
States.
The members of the council to be elected by the
house of representatives, and classified by ballot so
that one shall go out annually; members of the
• house of representative to be elected for two years,
and of the council for five years.
The governor to have a veto on all laws passed,
unless afterwards passed by a vote of two-thirds; but
all laws to be subject to be repealed by Congress.
The bill provides for the establishment of suitable
forts within and on the 'main routes leading to the
country.
. On motion by Mr. A. V. BROWN, the above
bill was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON asked leave to introduce a bill
on previous notice.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON observed that a number
of the members wished to make reports from com-
mittees, introduce bills, on leave, and offer notices
and resolutions. He would/ therefore, move that
the rules be suspended for one hour for the objects
he had named.
This motion being adopted, the standing commit-
tees were first called in their order for reports, and
the following were made.
Mr. RAMSAY, from the Committee of Claims,
to which had been referred the petition of Wm. P.
Zantzinger, reported a bill for his relief; which was
read the first and second times, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. YANCE, from the Committee of Claims, re-
ported, without amendment, the bill from the Senate
for the relief of the heirs of Robert Fulton, and it
was referred to the Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DANA, from,the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, offered the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be instructed to re-
port to this House a statement of all the railroad and steam-
boat lines which are employed to transport the mail of the
United States—dividing them into classes according to the
importance and value of their services, stating the prices
per mile paid to each, and whether it would be expedient to
modify or alter such priccs m any respect, and particularly
in reference to the difl'erence between, night and day
service.
Mr. CLINTON, from the Committee on Public
Expenditures, offered the following resolution; which
was considered and agreed to: -
Resolved, That the several executive departments—to
wit: the Treasury, War, and Navy—report to this House
the manner in which the public accounts are kept m rela-
tion to the public expenditures, with a view to introduce a
more uniform and correc tod system, and afford more satis-
factory and'ready infoimation respecting the public expen-
diture.
On motion of Mr. PARMENTER, the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition, of William Taylor, and
the same Was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, offered a resolution to print 10,000
(instead of 5,000) copies of the map of Texas, at a
cost not exceeding twelve cents a map; which,
On motion of Mr. SIMONS, was referred to the
Committee on Engraving.
Mr. DAVID L. SEYMOUR, from the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill enti-
tled an act to amend the act granting half pay to
certain widows; aud to amend the several acts and
resolutions amendatory of the same, and extending
the provisions thereof; which said bill was referred
to the Committee of the Whole House, and order-
ed to be printed.
Mr. DAVID L. SEYMOUR, from the same
committee,, reported, without amendment, a joint
resolution amendatory of the act making appropria-
tions for the payment of revolutionary pensions;
and moved to refer it to she Committee of the
Whole 011 the state of the Union.
Mr. CALDWELL moved that the resolution be
engrossed and put upon its passage.
The question was first put on referring the ieso-
lution to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and carried.
Mr. T. H. SEYMOUR, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, also reported the following
bills; which were read twice and committed to the
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed:
A bill for the relief of Richard Elliott;
A bill for the relief of Susannah Scott;
A bill for the relief Elizabeth Jones and others,
heirs of John Carr.
On the motion of Mr. SEYMOUR, the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of Robert
Wilmott, and it was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
On the motion of Mr. SEYMOUR, the same com-
mittee was discharged from the further consideration
of the petition of John Martin, and it was referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. JOS. A. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a. bill for the relief
of Elizabeth Fitch; and it was read twice, and com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. BRINKEIUIOFF, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, made a report on the case of Jo-
seph Bowlin.
And on his motion the same committee was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the case
of John Farnham; and it was laid upon the table.
Mr. RUSSELL, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Isaac Allen;
and it was read twice, and committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
On the motion of Mr. TIBBATTS, the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Alexander
Gutheridge; and it was laid oh the table.
Ho also reported abill for the relief of Elijah Blod-
gett; which was read twice, and committed to the
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. DUNLAP, from the Committee on Com-
merce, presented a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury,1 transmitting a communication from Sam- '
uel F. B. Morse, in relation to the electro-magnetic tel-
egraph, bearing upon the bill for the extension of
the telegraph ' line from , Baltimore to New York;
and, on his motion, 5,000 extra copies were ordered
to be printed.
Mr., COBB, from the Committee on Mileage, re-
ported a bill to regulate the mileage of member? of
Congress, which he said was designed to make the
mileage uniform. The bill consisted of a single sec-
tion, and simply proposed that the mileage should
be calculated by the nearest and most direct mail
route.
The bil! was read twice.
. Mr. COBB said he thought there could bejio ob-
jection to the bill: he therefore hoped ft" would be
put upon its passage. He moved that it be engross- "
ed for a third reading; and on that he moved the
previous question.
Mr. BARNARD objected that the bill could not
be read three times in one day, according to the ex-
isting mles of the House.
The SPEAKER assented, but stated that it could
be ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. SLIDELL' hoped the gentleman from Geor-
gia weuld allow the bill to go to the Committee of
the Whole for examination.
Mr. COBB declined to assent to the, suggestion,
being apprehensive that such a course would insure
the defeat of the bill. '
The vote on seconding the demand for the pre-
vious question was taken by Messrs. John Stew-
art and Burke, who reported 91 in the affirmative:
there was therefore a second.
The main question was ordered to be now put,
and the bill was ordered to be engrossed, by a ma-
jority of 171 to 8, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot,, Adams, Anderson, Arrington,
Ashe, Bayly, Baker, Belser, Benton, Bidlack, James Black,
James A. Biack, Blackwell, Bower, Boyd, Brengie, Brinkex-
liofi, Brodhead, Aaron V. Brown, "William J. Brown, But-
fington, Burke, Burt, Caldwell; Carpenter, Jeremiah E.
Gary Catlin, Reuben Chapman, Chappell, Chilton, Clinch,
Clingman, Cobb, Coles, Collamer, Cranston, Cross, Cullom,
Dana, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis, John W,
Davis, Dawson, Dean, Deberry, Dickey, Dillingham, Dun.
can, Duniap. Ellis, Farlee, Kicklin, Fish, Florence, Foot,
French, Fuller, Giddings, Goggin, Byram Green, Gnder,
Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, Hammett, Haralson, Hardin, Kar-
peis, Hays, Henley, Herrick, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston,
Hubard, Hughes, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, Charles
J. ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jameson, Jenks, Cave
Johnson, Pcrley B Johnson, Andrew Johnson, G. W. Jones,
Preston King, Daniel P. King, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas,
Lumpkin, .Yiaclav, McClernand. McConnell, McDowell, Mc-
llvaine, Matthews, Edward Joy Morris, Joseph Morris,
Moseley, Murphy, Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Peyton, Pol-
lock, Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Pratt, Preston,
Purdy, Ramsey, Rathbun, Rayner, Charles M. Reed, David
S, lleid, Reding, Relfe, Ritter, Roberts, Robinson, Rock-
well, Rodney, Rogers, Russell, St. John, Sample, Schenck;
Senter, Severance, Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Sey-
mour, Simons, Simpson, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Ca
lob R, Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stephens, Stetson,
Andrew Stewart, John Stewart, Stiles, James W. Stone,
Alfred P. Stone, Strong. Summers, Sykes, Taylor, Thomas-
son, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tucker, Tyler, "Vance,
Vanmeter, "VVoiler, "WentWorth, "Wethered, "Wheaton, Johlr
White, Benjamin White, Williams, Winthrop, Woodward,
William Wright, and Joseph A. Wright—171.
NAYS—Messrs. Edward J. Black, Bowlin, Douglass,
Hoge, James B. Hunt, Isaac E. Morse, Slidell, and Via-
ton—8
The SPEAKER inquired if any gentleman ob-
jected to the third reading of the bill at this time?
Mr. HALE moved the previous question.
Mr. BARNARD and other gentlemen objected to
the third reading.
The bill consequently lies over till to morrow.
Mr. WENTWORTH gave notice that when it
came, up, he should ask leave to introduce an amend-
ment to deduct the per diem of members when ab-
sent from their tent*.
