64
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
The roll of the States was then called for resolu-
tions; and they were received, as follows:
Mr. HALE offered the following resolution; which
was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be request*
ed to inform this House what contracts, if any, have been
made jjy'that department since January l, 1341, with A. G.
& A. W. Benson, or either, for the furnishing of pine timber
or Jtimber to the several navy-yards, or either of them; the
papers in| which proposals for such contracts or contract
were published; the prices paid for such timber or lumber,
together with the prices paid for similar articles before
such contract was entered into; and also, what contract, if
any, has been made with the same individuals for the trans-
portation of supplies to our several foreign naval stations;
the papers in which such proposals for contracts were pub-
lished; the prices paid therefor; together with the prices
paid for the same before such contract was entered into.
Mr. REDINGf offered the following; which was
agreed tor
Resolved, That the Committee on ihe Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
porting a bill to provide for the transmission of newspapers
In the United States mail free of postage within the limits
of the^congressional districts in which they may be printed.
'The hour for which the rules had been suspended
having expired,
On motion of Mr. WENTWORTH and of Mr.
DOUGLASS, the rules were further suspended to
to complete the call of the States and Territories for
resolutions, (including also bills and notices of
bills.)
[Amessage was received from the Senate, an-
nouncing- the passage by that body of certain bills,
, Resolutions were further received, as follows:
Mr BAKER offered the following, which was
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Aftars be di-
rected to consider the expediency of granting land bounties
to the surviving soldiers of the "old fourth regiment" of
the "United States intantry.
Mr. P. P. KING offered the following; which was
agreed, to,
Resohed, That the(Committee for the Distnct of Colum-
bia be instructed to inquire into the expediency of provid-
ing for the erection of a lunatic asylum for the reception
of insane persons in the military and naval service ol the
United States; of the insane poor of the Distiict. and such
other insane persons as may be committed, by their friends.
Mr. SIMONS offered the following; which was
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy he requested to
inform this House why aieport of commissioners to make
experiments of inventions designed to prevent the explo-
sion of steam-boilers, which was promised early in the lasi
session, has not been published. Also, when the same may
be expected, if at all.
Mr. JOHN STEWART offered the following;
which was agreed to: -
Resolved, That the Secretaries of War and the Navy be,
and the same are hereby, directed to furnish the House of
Representatives with information as to the quantity of
ammunition of <the various kinds annually used in the
respective services under their control.
Also, what quantity have the respective services now on
hand, and what quantities of the different kinds is deemed
expedient or necessary to keep on hand to be in proper pio-
portion to our other military and naval services.
Mr. CATLIN offered the following; Vhich was
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of "Ways and Means be,
and they are hereby, instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of providing by law for the admission of guano, and
other manures imported for agricultural purposes, duty
free. „
Mr. DILLINGHAM offered the following; which
was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands be di-
rected to inquire into the expediency of granting a township
of public land to |the£Norwich University, at Norwich,
Vermont.
Mr. BYRAM GREEN offered the following;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be requested
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
to improve the harbor of Pultneyville, Wayne county, New
York.
INELIGIBILITY OF~PRESIDENT.
Mr. W. HUNT, in accordance with previous no-
tice, introduced a joint resolution to amend the con-
stitution of the United States, so as to render the
President of the United States ineligible for re-elec-
tion.
The resplution having been twice read,
Mr. H. moved its reference to a select committee
of five members, and that it be printed.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH called for the reading of
the resolution; which was read accordingly.
Mr. DOUGLASS moved its reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The question on the reference to the Committee
on the Judiciary (being first in order) was taken by -
tellers, and was decided in the affirmative—ayes 78,
noes not counted.
So the subject was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. PATERSON, (the rule being
dispensed with,)
Resolned, That the Postmaster General be requested" to
repoit to this House the amount of postage received at each
and all the principal post offices upon all the mail routes
upon which private expresses have been established in the
States of Pennsylvania, Js7ew York, and all the New Eng-
land States, New Jersey, Delaware, and Maryland', for four
successive years, ending upon the 30th of June last; also
what would have been the increase of the revenue from the
same offices, as near as he can estimate the same, predicated
upon the increase of business and population.
Mr. FISH, in accordance with previous notice,
introduced a bill to authorize the sale of the site of
Fort Gansevoort, in the city of New York, and the
purchase of certain lands on Staten Island, used for
the defence of the harbor of New York; which was
twice read, and, on motion of Mr. F., referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PRATT, on leave, introduced a joint resolu-
tion to secure a more perfect accountability for the
care of public property; which being read the first
and second time,
On motion by Mr! PRATT, the same was order-
ed to be engrossed for a third reading, and then
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ROGERS offered a resolution directing the
Committee on Commerce to inquire into the expe-
diency of making an appropriation for the further
improvement oHhe harbor of White Hall, on Lake
Charrmlain: agreed to.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL presented the petition
of sundry citizens of Pennsylvania, m,favor of appro-
priating the public lands for the gradual abolition of
slavery in the United States andfTerritories, and for
compensating citizens for their slaves.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved to lay the petition on
the table.
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays;
which being ordered, resulted in—yeas 117, nays
49, as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Arrington, Ashe, Bayly, Belser, Ben-
ton, BuUack, Edward J. Black, James A. Black, Blackwell,
Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Brinkerhoft', Biodhead, A. Y. Biown,
William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Carpenter,
Jeremiah E. Cary, Shepa?d Cary, Catlm, Causin. .Reuben
Chapman, Chappeli, Clinch, Clingman.Cobb, Coles, Cross,
Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Garrett Davis, John W. Davis,
Dawson, Deberry, Douglass, Dunlap, Ellis, Ficklm,
French, Fuller, Byram Green, Gnder, Hannibal Hamlin,
Haromett, Haralson, Hays, llenley, Herrick, Holmes, Hoge,
Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hughes, James B. Hunt,
Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W.
Jones, Andrew Kennady,- Preston King, Labranche,
Lucas, Lumpkin, Ljon, Maclay, McClernand, McConnell,
Mathews, Isaac E. Mor&e, Murphy, Owen, Parmen-
ter, Payne, Pejton, Pollock, Elisha R. Potter, Piatt,
Preston, Purdy, Kajncr, David S. lleid, Reding, Robeits,
Russell, St. John, Senter, Thomas H. Sejmour, David L.
Seymour, Simons, Simpson. Slidell, Thomas Smith,
Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stephens, Stetson, Sules, James W.
Stone, Alfred P. Stone, Strong, Summers, Tayloi, Thompson,
Tibbatts, /Tucker, Weller. Wentwoith, Wethered, John
White, Benjamin White, Williams, and Woodward—117.
N^AS— .Messrs Abbot, Adams, Baker, Barnard, Bufting-
ton, Chilton, Collamcr, Cranston, Dickty, Florence, Fool,
Giddings, Edword S. Hamlin, Hardin, Hudson, W^ Hunt,
Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph II. Ingersoll, Jrvm, Jenks,
Perley B. Johnson, Daniel P. King, lMcDowell, Mcllvame,
Edward J. Morris, Freeman II Morse, Moseley, Paterson,
Ramsey, Rathbun, Charles M. Reed, Rockwell, Itogeis, Sam-
ple, Schenck, Severance, John T- Smith, CalebB Smith, An-
drew Stewart, Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanme-
ter, Vinton, Winthrop, William Wright, and Joseph A.
Wright—49.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. E. J. MORRIS offered the following resolu-
tion; which lies over, on notice of debate:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of amending the
naturalization laws, so that the name ofeveiy emigiant shall
be roistered at the custom-hou^e, aceitificate ol which reg-
istration shall be indispensable proof ofthe term of residence
necessary to naturalization; and uso further to amend the
law, so that the light of suffrage shall jiot be gianted unul
two years after naturalization; and to inquire what other
amendments are necessary to the naturalization laws foi the
prevention of the frauds now practised under them; and ior
the preservation of the purty of the elective franchise.
Mr. A. STEWART offered the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of granting a pen-
sion to Robert Dmsmore, a soldier of the late w ar
On motion of Mr. C. M. READ, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of making an appropria-
tion for improving the navigation of Lake St. Clair, by re-
moving the obstructions on St. Clair flat*.
Mr. RAMSEY desired to offer the resolution
frequently offered before, to order the printing of -
Professor Johnson's report on the adaptation of va-~
rious kinds of coal to the generation of steam; bbt
objection was made, and it was not received.
Mr. J- R. INGERSOLL offered' the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the persons employed by-the House at this
Congress be paid at the close of this session, from the con-
tingent fund, an amount equal to that paid to individuals sim
ilariy employed by the Senate for the same period.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay it' on the
ble; which was decided by yeas and nay's, as fol-
lows—yeas nays 62:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Arrington, Bayly, Baker,Reiser,
Benton, James Black, James A-Black, Blackwell, Boyd,
Brengle, Brinkeihoff', Aaron V. Brown, Butfington; Burke,
Burt, Caldwell, Carpenter, Jeremiah T£. Cary, Sliepard,
Carey, Reuben Chapman, Chappeli, Clinch, Clingraan,
Collamer, Cross, C-uliom, Dana, Daniel, Garrett Davis,
Richard 1>. Davis. John W. Davis, Deberry, Dickey, Dun-
lap, Farlee, Florence, French, Giddings, Byram Green,
Grider, Harper, Herrick, Hopkins, .Houston, 'Hughes,
Hungerford, Washington Hunt, Irvin, Cave Johnson,
Perley B. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
Andrew Kennedy, Labranche, Lucas, McConnell,^McDow-
ell, Edward J. Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Owen, Par-
menter, Payne, Peyton, Preston, Purdy, Rathbun, Rayner,
Charles M. Reed, David S. Reid, Ritter,'Rockwell, Rogers,
St. John, Senter, Severance, Simons, Simpson, Slidell,
Thomas Smith, Steenrod,'Stiles, Alfred P. Stone, Strong,
Summers, Tayloi, Tilden, Tucker, Vinton, \\ heaton, Ben-
jamin White, Williams,and Woodward--91?. ,
NAYS.—Messrs. Adams, Ashe, Barnard, Bidlack, F.d-
ward J. Black, Bowlin, Brodhead, William J. Brown, Cat-
lin, Causin, Chilton, Cobb, Craston, Dawson, Douglass,
Ellis, Fish, Foot, Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, Edward S. Hamlin,
Hammett, Hardin, Hays, Holmes, Hoge, Hubard, James
B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph li. Ingersoll, Jenks,
Daniel P. King, Lumpkin, -Lyon, Maclay, McClernand,
Mcllvaine, Mathews, Moseley, Pettit, Pollcck, Elisha R.
Potter, Ramsey, Roberts, Schenck, Thomas H Seymour,
David L. Seymour, JohnT. Smith, -Caleb B. Smith, Robert
Smith, Thomasson, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tyler, Vanmeter,
Weller, Wentworth, Wethered. John White, Winthrop,
William Wright, and Joseph A. Wright—62.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
On the'motion of Mr. PRESTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire iato
the expediency of making an appropriation of an appropria-
tion for the removal of an obstruction to the navigation of
the Susquehanna river at its mouth, near Havre de Grace,
Maryland.
On motion of Mr. BRENGLE, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be in-
structed tO'inquirc into -the expediency of ceding to the
State of Maryland the stock of the United States in the
Chesapeake and Ohio Canal company.
On the motion of Mr. CHILTON, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be lequired to com
municate to this House all the papers and documents on file
in the Pension Office relating to the application of James
Green for a pension as a midshipman in the navy duiing the
war of the.ievolution.
On the motion of Mr. STEENR.OD, it was
Resohed. That the further sum of $65 be paid from the
contingent fund of the House of Representatives, being one
half of the amount necessary to complete the pajmentof
the expenditures attending the funeial of those persons
who were lulled on board the Piincoton steamship.
On the motion of Mr. RAYNER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee oil Commerce be instructed
to mqune into the expediency of abolishing the office of
surveyor of the port for the town of Windt-oi, in North Cai-
olina.
Mr. HOLMES offered the following joint resolu-
tion; which lies over one day, under the rules:
Resohed, That the United States continues to be very sen-
sibly affected by the circumstance of the government of
Denmark having, m the year 1779, caused-a number of
their prizes to be deliveied to Great Britain*, and the more
so, as no part of their conduct had forfeited their claim to
those rights of hospitality which civilued nations extend
to cach other. That not only a sense of justice due to the
individuals interested m these prizes, but also an earnest de-
sire that no subject of discontent may check the cultivation
and progress of that Iriendsbip which they wish may sub-
sist and increase between the two countries, prompt the
United States to remind the government of Denmark of the
transaction in question, and the) Hatter themselves that this
government will concur v. ith'theai in thinking that, as resti-
tution is not practicable, it is reasonable and j cist that the
government ol Denmark should render, pnd that the United
States should accept, a compensation equivalent to the value
of the said pri7.es.
Resolved, That the Precidcnl of the United States be-re-
quested to inlorm this House what progress, if any, has
been made in the negotiations now pending, with the view
of bringing the subject to an early termination.
On the motion of Mr. STILES, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of compensating the he.irs of
Mary Ker for the loss of property sustained in the service
of the United States
On the motion of Mr. E. J. BLACK, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post'Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency and pro-
priety of reporting a hill or joint resolution for the relief
