C&tofcESSIOftAL GLoitJ.
prior to the ratification of the treaty commonly called the
Florida treaty, by which Texas was ceded to Spain.
9. And be it farther resolved, That if any disputes shall
arise with,any foreign power respecting the western bound-
ary of Texas, the President of the United States is hereby re-
quested to open negotiations for the adjustmeut of the
same upon just and honorable terms, so soon as these reso-
' lutions shall be concurred in by the supreme authorities of
Texas.
10. And be it further resolved, That these resolutions are
hereby declared to be the fundamental law of union be-
tween the United States and Texas as soon as the supreme
authorities of Texas shall agree to the same; and it shall
be. the duty of the President of the United States, so soon as
he shall be officially notified of such agreement on the part
of Texas, to announce he same by proclamation.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH, in pursuance of notice
given, asked and obtained leave, and introduced a
bill for the relief of Wm. McCauley, and a bill for
the relief of Isaac Barker; both of which were twice
read, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. WENTWORTH, on leave, introduced a bill
to construct a marine hospital at Chicago, providing
the same can be done from the proceeds of the sales
of the military reservations in said State: read, the
first and second time, and referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SAMPLE offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands inquire
int© the expediency of providing by law for the drainage of
the wet lands in the land districts of Fort Wayne and Win-
jiamao land offices, in the State of Indiana.
Mr. FICKLIN gave notice of a motion for leave
to introduce a bill to provide for disposing of the
public lands, to the States in which they lie, upon
equitable terms, and for other purposes.
Mr. HARDIN offered the following resolution;
-which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be m-
' structed to inquire into the expediency of passing a law to
prevent the transportation to, and landing in, the United
States, of convicted criminals and of paupers, sent by the
officers of any foreign government to be landed in the
United States.
. Mr. McCLERNAND offered the following reso-
lution; which, on notice of debate, lies over:
Resolved, That the persons employed in the packing-
yooBi last session, be allowed the same compensation for
their servies that the messengers of this House receive.
Mr. McCLERNAND offered the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of making an adequate ap-
propriation for the removal of the obstructions to the navi-
gation of the Mississippi at the Grand rapids, and of the
Ohio at the grand and little chains in said river.
Mr.'BELSER gave notice that on to-morrow, or
som® day thereafter, he would ask leave to intro-
duce a bill to refund to the State of Alabama a cer-
tain amount of money therein named, and due to the
said State, for expendidtures on account of Indian
hostilities in the yoara 1836 and 1837.
Mr. REUBEN CHAPMAN offered the following
resolution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inqyire into the expediency of allowing
pensions to Elizabeth Akin, Elizabeth Merrill, Bryant
Smith, Silas Sterling, and   Bushart, all of Alabama,
-whose papers are now on file in the Pension office.
Mr. HOUSTON gave notice of his intention to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, to introduce a bill
to cede to the State of Alabama the public lands in
that State for purposes of education.
Mr. BOWLIN gave notice that he would tomor-
row, or some subsequent day, ask leave to introduce
a bill to amend the act entitled "An act to regalate
trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes, and to
preserve peace in the territories" approved June 30,
1834.
Mr. BOWLIN offered the following resolution;
"which lies over one day:
Resolved. That the President of the United States be re-
quested to cause to be communicated to this House the pro-
ceedings asd evidence taken in the examination into the
official conduct of Silas Reed, surveyor general of Illinois
and Missouri, taken at St. Louis in the State of Missouri
during the year 1844, together with all the papers and doc-
uments relating thereto.
Mr. HUGHES offered the following resolutien;
•which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands in-
quire into the expediency of patenting to James E.Noel
and others, such public lands as they may hereafter select
in consideration of money deposited by them to enter cer-
tain lands specified in certificates issued by William
■Wright, receiver of public moneys at Palmyra, Missouri,
but used by said receiver to his own private use.
Mr. CROSS submitted^.the following resolution;
-which was considered and agreed to:
Rewind, That the Committee on Public Lands be instruct-
' cd to inquire into the expediency of changing the boundary
of the Red river land district, in the State of Arkansas, so
as to make the Washita £nver, from the mouth of the little
Missouri river, constitute a portion of the eastern boundary
thereof.
Mr. DAWSON gave notice of a motion for leave
to introduce a bill making Baton Rouge, in Lou-
isiana, the permanent location for the office of the
surveyor general of said State, and for other pur-
poses; also, notice of a motion for leave to intro-
duce a bill to authorize a survey of the mouth of the
Red river, and for other purposes.
Mr. ISAAC E. MORSE gave notice of a mo-
tion for leave to introduce a bill to aid the courts of
the several States and Territories in procuring and
taking testimony in certain cases.
Mr. SLIDELL offered the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into and report upon the expediency of making
appropriations for tlie erection of a custom-house at New
Orleans.
Mr. JAMES B. HUNT, on leave, introduced a
bill to amend the act entitled "An act to establish
the northern boundary line of Ohio, and to provide
for the_ admission of the State of-Michigan into the
Union", upen the conditions therein expressed," ap-
proved, June _ 15, 1836: read the first and second
time; and referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. LYON offered the following resolution; which
lies over one day on notice of debate:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo request-
ed to furnish to this House a copy of a letter dated the
24th November, 1838, and the papers occompanying the
same addressed to the Secretary of the Treasury by John
Shelden, esq,, register of the land office at Mineral Point,
on the subject of "the nlleged frauds in the sale of mineral
lands in the Territory of Wisconsin.
The House then adjourned over to Thursday
next.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. DILLINGHAM: The petition ond memorial of the
tiustoes of Hhe Norwich University and others, asking a
grant of public land to that institution: referred to the Com-
mittee on the I'ubhe La^ds.
By. Mi J.W.DAVIS: Sundry petitions, signed by about
1,500 pprsom, C)ti7ons of the State of Indiana, praying Con-
gress to grant certain lands to assist the State in completing
the Wabash and Erie canal to the Ohio river. Also, the pro-
ceedings of a meeting of the citizens of Daviess county, In-
diana, upon the same subject.
By Mr THOMPSON: The memorial of Fleming Wood,
praying to be indemnified for loss of propeity seized bj offi-
cers of the United States for an alleged violation of the laws
regulating trade and intercourse with the Indian*; which
was reterred to the Committee on Indian Afiairs. The peti-
tion of the We^t Feliciana Railroad Company, to the hono-
rable the Senate and House of Representatives of the Uni-
ted States of America in Congress convened: referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
By Mr. DUNLAP: The petition of Lydia Baker, widow of
Jesiah Baker, asking for a pension for revolutionary services
of her husband. The petition of Samuel Larrabee, asking
for a pension for revolutionary services. The petition of
William Allen, asking for a pension. The petition of Nice
B-erry, widow of Beletiah Berry, asking for a pension. The
petition of Holt Ingraliam of Portland, Maine, asking for
compensation for services rendered the United States.
By Mr. WM. WRIGHT: The memorial of John II. Ste
phens and others, praying for an appropriation to improve
the navigation of the Passaic river.
By Mr. T1LDEN": The petition of William M. Beebe and
sundry other citi7ens of Hudson, Summit county, Ohio,
praying the total abolition of the franking privilege, and for
the reduction of postage to five cfents for a quarter of an
ounce on letters sent to any part of the United States: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The petition of Elisha N. Lile and sundry other citi/ens of
Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio, praying that the franking privilege
be abolished; and that postage on letters be reduced to five
cents for each hail ounce weight for all distances: referred
to the Committee on ftie Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. WM. J. BROWN: The petition of the heirs of Na-
thaniel Ashby. Also the petition of Lemuel Robinett: re-
ferred to the appropriate committees.
By Mr. CATLTN: The petition of Joseph Lawrence,
praying that certain duties by him paid may be refunded:
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
"Washington city, Dec. 23, 1844.
Messrs. Blair and Rites: Your report of what
I said on Saturday, when Mr. Hunt had the floor,
is not precisely correct, although the subsequent re-
marks of the gentleman from New York, asgiven
by you, show that he understood me. What I did
say was this: "Does the gentleman from New York
mean to represent Mr. James G. Birney as having
been nominated or supported by the democratic
party of Michigan, or as having accepted a nomina-
tion from the democratic party, as a democrat? If he
did mean to make such representation, I beg him to
understand that it is entirely false and unfounded."
My reply to Mr. Hunt's inquiry was intended to
convey the same idea. I would here state that-the
democratic party of Michigan never has considered
Mr. Birney as identified with it; and if he did, dur-
ing the late canvass, accept any nomination as a
democratic nomination, it is news to me.
Yours, &c.,
r. McClelland.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 26, 1844.
Messrs. Sevier and Simmons were in their seats
to-day.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
Mr3. Nourse, praying forthe settlement of a balance
due to her late husband: referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. ARCHER presented two memorials from
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for some reform of
the naturalization laws: referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. FOSTER of Tennessee asked and obtained
leave to withdraw the petition and papers of William
Hanson from the files; and they were, on his mo-
tion, referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. TAPPAN presented the petition of James
Way and others: referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
Mr. T. also, pursuant to notice heretofore given,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for
quieting the title to certain lots in the towns of Per-
rysburg and Croghansville, in Wood county, Ohio:
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. BAGBY gave notice that to-morrow, or
on some future dayrhe would ask leave to introduce
a bill for carrying into effect the existing compact
between the general government and the States of
Alabama and Mississippijn regard to the five per
cent, school fund.
Mr. STURGEON presented the following peti-
tions and memorials:
The petition of Elijah Hall concerning a claim
growing out of French spoliatisns prior to 1800:
laid on the table, a general bill on tlie subject hav-
ing been reported to the Senate.
The memorial of the common council of Philadel-
phia, praying for an appropriation to repair the
piers in the Delaware river: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The petition of Dr. Charles Taylor: referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
The memorial of a large number of citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying for the organization of a
government for the Territory of Oregon: referred to
the Oregon Committee.
The petition of certain citizens of Pennsylvania,
praying for a reduction of the rates of postage: re-
ferred to the Post Office Committee
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of Rich-
ard Phillips: referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Also, the petition of John McClenahan: referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ASHLEY presented the petition of certain
citizens of Arkansas, praying for the establishment
of a new post route in that State: referred to the
Post Office Committee.
Mr. FOSTER of New York presented the fol-
lowing memorials and petitions:
The memorial of citizens of New York, praying
for a reduction of postage: referred to the Post Office
Committee.
The petition of Gregory Thomas and others,
praying compensation for losses sustained by the
burning of the steamboat Washington: referred, to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The memorial of the Chamber of ©ommeree,
New York, in favor of the warehousing system: re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from the files of the Senate the petition
and papers of Harvey Parke; and tliey were referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Also the petition and papers of James Moody: re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FAIRFIELD asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the Senate the petition
and papers of T. Smith.
Mr. NILES asked and obtained leave to with-
draw from the files of the Senate the petition and
papers of Walter Loomis and Abel Gay; and they
were referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BREESE gave notice that to-morrow, or
on some future day, he would ask, leave to intro-
duce a bill for allowing drawbacks Sn certain eases,
