*0
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
to be, throughout, an appeal to the House to protect
the State of Maryland from the annual drain of its
population to the West. He seems to think that,
under the present land syste.m, the population of the
old States is being thinned altogether too rapidly for
their interest; and one would suppose that he anti-
cipated the entire desertion or abandonment of the
old States, if the bill now under consideration
should become a law. The gentleman need
have no fears of this. The great majority
of those who are fortunate enough to own
farms, or who have the means of making
a comfortable living in the old States, cannot be
easily induced to leave and encounter the perils and
hardships incident to the settlement of a new coun-
try, and would not do so for a donation of 320 acres
of land. It is the poor man alone, who, with a fair
prospect of securing even 40 acres of land, from
which to draw his support, would strain every
nerve and encounter every danger, that would
leave the older States and remove to the West.
And surely gentlemen cannot object to this small
favor being granted to this class of their citizens,
while hundreds of millions of government lands are
lying waste! The honorable gentlemen from Mary-
land and Ohio both seemed to insist that one dollar
and a quarter for land of any kind, fit for cultivation,
was very cheap; and to think it a small matter for
any industrious man to get $50 and enter him forty
acres of land. This snows clearly, to every man
who is practically acquainted with farming and the
laboring class of our community, that these gentle-
men know very little of the slow process of making
money by day's labor. They do not perhaps
know that one hundred dollars, or one hundred and
fifty at most, is the whole amount of a year's toil;
ana out of this sum. a family have to be fed and
clothed, with many other , little expenses which,
under the most rigid economy, would exhaust the
year's earnings, and leave nothing to invest in lands.
I deny, sir, that there can be any measure adopted
or devised by this government, so wise, judicious,
just, and charitable, in the disposition of the public
lands, as that which secures to every industrious
laborimg man such quantity of land as may be ne-
cessary for his support and that of his family and
those dependent upon him for subsistence.
The honorable member from Maryland [Mr.
Causin] asks somewhat exultingly, "Whence came
this land? Who won it," &c. And answers, "By
the precious, priceless sacrifice of the toil aiid blood
of brave men." I, sir, will be one of the last men
upon this floor to cast one blot upon the bright es-
cutcheon (ifthe rivotuliuninii pah'iuts. They, sir, poured
out their best blood like water—not to purchase
land, but liberty, civil and religious', and for that they
pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred
honor. And when they acquired that precious boon,
along with it came the lands of the original thirteen
States; and these lands were very wisely divided
among the States. The government have already
drawn from the State of Illinois two or three times
as much money for land already sold, as the whole
would have brought, had they been sold i n the market
thirty years ago; and who is it, I ask, that has
given this additional value to these lands? Is it the
government? Was it our revolutionary fathers?
No, sir; It is the |sons of those patriots—men who
braved every imaginable privation and hardship,
and even death, in the defence of the frontier settle-
ments. The Indian wars upon our frontier were,
more perilous than the war ofthe revolution. The
savages granted no quarter. They butchered alike
men and defenceless women and children. Sir,
many of my constituents have sad cause to remem-
berflie cruel murders v. hich were committed upon
their nearest and dearest friends. The revolution-
ary patriots are gone. We owe them a debt that
all the lands of the nation would not pay. Neither,
sir, can we do strict justice to the veterans who
settled the West and drove back the Indians. But
we can express our sense of gratitude and liberality
by enabling their sons to procure some of the land
acquired and made valuable by their fathers. The
war of the revolution was for freedom and indepen-
dence; and when the glorious object was gained, and
our fathers turned their attention to the subject of
the lands thus acquired in that contest, so bravely
fought and so triumphantly won, it was to make
such disposition of them as to first pay off the debt
necessarily incurred in prosecuting the war, and then
make such further disposition as would secure to
every man, who might choose to cultivate the soil,
a portion ofthe land thus acquired. In proof of this
assertion it is not necessary for me to produce oral
testimony; the fact is indelibly stamped in every
page of the history of the revolution. Liberty and
independence was the watch-word! And I would
ask you, sir, where is the freedom and independence
of the unfortunate man who is dependent entirely for
his support, and that of his family, upon the caprice
of a heartless landlord, or of an overgrown aristocrat-
ic manufacturing corporation? We need not, sir,
go to England to prove the almost entire con-
trol exercised by the capitalist over that class
of our citizens who depend upon their daily
labor for the support of themselves and their
families. Do you not, sir, believe that there
is republicanism enough in Rhode Island, if left free
to follow the dictates of nature, to elect a legislature
pledged to pass a law for the liberation of Governor
Dorr, now incarcerated within the walls of a dun-
geon? and whose only Crime was that be
tried to confer upon the people of Rhode Island
the blessings of freemen, to give them a voice in
the election of their rulers and law-makers. I have
heard much of the cruelty and barbarity of the party
in Rhode Island, called Algerines; but, sir, I am
not willing to believe—I cannot believe—that the
spirit of '76 has so entirely departed from any State
of this Union, as that a majority of the people,
uniramelled and left free to exercise the dictates of hon-
est hearts, could be such Mgerines. Sir, the barbarous
and inhuman treatment of Governor Dorr, (if reports
could be relied on,) entitles the actors to a celebrity
equal if not greater than the founders of the
Spanish inquisition. What, sir, think you would be
the feelings of the departed heroes of the revolu-
tion, could they come back and witness the flagrant
violation of the great principles for which they
fought and bled; for which they pledged life, fortune,
honor, and all, all that men hold dear? Sir, the
picture is too revolting to dwell upon, and I leave it.
I only introduce this case as a strong one illustra-
tive of what I believe to be the fact—that no man
can be entirely free, and enjoy all the blessings
which the framers of the declaiation of independ-
ence and the founders of our glorious constitution in-
tended to confer upon their posterity, while they are
entirely dependent upon others for employment, by
which they are to earn the bread that supports their
wives and children. Sir, there is no gentleman upon
this floor who has not witnessed the power exer-
cised by the creditor over the debtor. And who
does not know of many instances where this power
has not been used to control the vote of such debtor?
Now, sir, it is my policy, in the disposition of the
public lands, to free this class of our citizens from
this species of "Egyptian bondage;" to place them
independent of the arbitrary' will of the griping
landlord, and to provide a retreat for all those in the
older and manufacturing States to flee to, when they
shall be driven from the employment which now
affords them subsistence, because they have dared
to exercise the privileges of freemen.
In conclusion, I would remark that I believe all
the objects for which Virginia and other States
ceded lands to the United States have been fully ac-
cemplished. Our national debt has long since been
paid off". Our treasury is now overflowing, and there
never has been a time so propitious for carrying into
effect this all-important measure. I then implore
gentlemen not to let this favorable moment pass by,
but lay aside all selfish or sectional feelings, and
come up to the work—help us to make such amend-
ments to the bill as will render it more perfect, and
pass it.
Mr. PETTIT said that he was in favor of the
provisions of this bill, and it became him to say
why; but, before he did this, he wished first to re-
fer to some remarks of gentlemen who had spoken
on the other side, some of which had appeared in
the public prints, and others he had himself heard.
When the bill was last before the committee, a gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Causin] had made an
ardent appeal to members from the older States
against this proposition to reduce and graduate the
price of the public lands, because its effect w ould be
to stimulate migration from the older to the newer
States, thus thinning their steril and unproductive
lands of their impoverished inhabitants, and filling
with a denser population the fresh and virgin soil of
the western States. Now, if this were indeed true,
it would of itself be inducement enough for every
western man to support this bill. It was the duty
of all well-regulated governments to facilitate the
population of their territory, and the easy and com-
fortable subsistence of the governed. And if that
was one of the great objects of government, would
not such be in fact the operation of this measure,
admitting the doctrine of the gentleman from Mary-
land to be true? It would remove the less opulent
portion of the population of the Atlantic States into
the rich and fertile valleys of the West, where at
least peace aad plenty were to be obtained, although
the contaminated and putrid atmosphere of what
was sometimes called refinement and civilization
might not yet have found a way there.
But Mr. P. could not but notice the obvious dis-
crepancy between the objection urged by the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Causin] and another
zealous opponent of the bill from Ohio, [Mr. Yin-
ton.] The latter of these gentlemen stoutly main-
tained that the population and settlement of the
West could not be stimulated by government, let it
make what efforts it would; while the former made
the contrary assumption the very ground-work of
his argument. And here he (Mr. P.) would call
upon the gentleman from Ohio, if4ie was present,
to say whether the report of tys remarks, as given
in the National Intelligencer, was correct—whether
he approved and adopted that report as such. If he
received no reply, he should take the fact for grant-
ed. He found that report in the political organ of
the gentleman's party friends; he presumed it had
been seen and read by the gentleman, who had made
no objections to it; and Mr. P. should therefore as-
sume it to be a true report of what he had said.
[A member here stated that the gentleman from
Ohio was not in the hall.]
Mr. P. would then proceed to call the attention of
the committee to the incongruities and absurdities
of those remarks. He would read some of them.
[Mr. P. here quoted that passage of Mr. Vinton's
speech in which he had observed that this bill went
on a false assumption, and insisted that its effect
would not be to increase the population of the West
by a single man, or the sales of the public land by
a single acre.] Here was the position taken by one
opponent of the bill. But what said the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Causin?] He held a doctrine
directly the reverse. Now, whose position was
true, and whose was false? One or the other must
be mistaken. Perhaps neither of the gentlemen
had well reflected on the subject. To Mr. P. it ap-
peared that of the two the gentleman from Mary-
land best understood himself and his case. Mr. P.
believed that this bill would practically increase the
population of the West; that it would facilitate to
thousands the means of comfortable living, and ren-
der them happy and contented. Did he not believe
this, he should not feel so much anxiety for the
passage of the bill. But let him read a little further
from this same report. [Mr. P. here read that part
of Mr. Vinton's remarks in which he contended
that, let government do what it pleased, an entire
generation must go by before the land already in
market could be settled; the course of settlement-
was regulated by the laws of nature, and govern-
ment might as well undertake to accelerate the sun."
dl
Hear this. Here was one adversary of the bil
maintaining that Congress might as well undertake
to accelerate the sun as to hasten the population
and agricultural improvement of the West by any
legislative action; while, on the other hand, the gen-
tleman from Maryland insisted that that accelera-
tion was the very object of the bill, and must be its
inevitable effect1 The gentleman seemed almost to
see, even now, the rents of himself and his constitu-
ents gradually sinking, and their" poverty-stricken
tenants marching off to the West to find peace,
plenty, and contentment, in a new home, leaving
their landlords to repair their wasted revenues as
they best could.
Mr. CAUSIN here rose to explain; and, Mr. P.
giving way for that purpose, he went on to say that
the gentleman from Indiana had misunderstood him.
He had not advanced the doctrine that this bill was
exceptionable because it aided the settlement of the
western States, but because it administered too
strong a stimulus to the spirit of enterprise, and
would fill the whole West with schemes of specula-
tion and fraud. He would say to the gentleman
that, if he knew as much about Maryland as he did
about Indiana, he would know that among what the
gentleman spoke of as the poor and laboring classes
of society, there were as many substantial comforts
and as much of domestic happiness and content-
ment as were to be found in any of the boasted val-
leys of the western paradise. And Mr. C.'s object
had been to retain the poor and laborious man in
the possession of them.
Mr. PETTIT resumed. Still the difference be*,
tween the two gentlemen remained. The gentle-
man from Maryland insisted that the bill would
