74
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tercourse regarded all as friends. He died without
leaving an enemy behind him.
The remains of Gov. Fulton, on the day after
his death, amid the mournful tolling of the church
bells, and accompanied with nearly the whole popu-
lation in procession as mourners, were carried to the
public burying ground of Little Rock, and there
buried by the side of his father and brother, and sev-
eral of his children.
On the day after, the citizens of Little Rock and
its vicinity, in the capital of the State, held a public
meeting, at which resolutions were passed paying a
proper tribute of respect to his memory. And
more recently, upon the assembling of the State legis-
lature of Arkansas, his death was announced, when
similar resolutions of respect to his memory were
passed, both branches of the general assembly ad-
journed and clothed themselves in the habiliments of
mourning—as did also every officer of the State.
In this deep affliction of my State, for the prema-
ture loss of one of her favorite sons, and as a proper
mark of respect to one of our late beloved associates,
I ask of the Senate its sympathy, and accordingly
offer for its consideration the adoption of the follow-
ing resolutions:
ltesolved unanimouly, That the Senate, from a sincere de-
sire of showing every mark of respect due to the memory
of the Hon. Robert S. Fulton, late a member thereof, will
go into mourning by 'wearing crape on the left arm for
thirty days'.
Resolved unanimously, That as an additional mark of re*
spect for the memory of the Hon. Robert S. Fui-rois, the
Senate do'now adjourn.
Ordered, -That the secretary notify the House of Repre-
sentatives accordingly.
Whereupon the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 30, 1844.
MAP OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL asked leave to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed to pro-
cure for each of the members of this House, as early as
may be, a map of the United States prepared agreeably to the
latest and most authentic surveys, and reduced to a scale
for convenient reference in the House, not exceeding twen-
ty inches square, exhibiting all the principal features and
settlements of our acknowledged territory, together with
general outlines of the contiguous possessions of Texas,
Mexico, Great Britain, Russia, Sec. &c.
Objections being made, Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL
moved a suspension of the rules; but the motion was
not agreed to.
PENSIONS.
The joint resolution from the Senate, explanatory
of an act making appropriations for the payment of
revolutionary and other pensioners of the United
States for the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1845,
was taken up, and read the first and second time.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR moved that the bill be
now put upon its passage; and supported the motion
with some appropriate remarks.
Mr. CALDWELL also spoke in favor of the
motion, and in support of the resolution.
Mr RATHBUN, after some remarks, moved to
refer it to the Committee of the Whole; and after
some remarks from Mr. W1NTHROP and Mr.
D. L. SEYMOUR,
The question was taken on reference t  the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and rejected.
The bill was then read the third time, and passed.
The bill from the Senate, authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to make an arrangement or com-
promise with the sureties on the bonds of Samuel
Swartwout, late collector of the port of New York,
was read the first and second time.
Mr. PAYNE observed that it was just as well to
get rid of a bill of that sort now, as at any other
time. He intended to oppose it; for he was unwil-
ling to see this government commer.ce any system
of legislation by which those who have embezzled
the public money shall be released from the penal-
ties of the law. He looked not to any individual
cases; he looked not to the fact that Mr. Swartwout
or his securities was to be released; but he looked
to the general principle, which he wished to see ap-
plied to all. Before he made the motion with which
he intended to conclude his remarks, he would no-
tice an argument which might be urged in favor of
this bill.
We may be told (said Mr. P.) that some arrange-
ment is necessary in order to get something from Mr.
Swartwout in return for the enormous amount of
public money he has embezzled and applied to his
own use. But he looked upon that as a matter of
minor importance. He had rather the government
never should receive a dollar from Mr. Swartwout,
or any other of thejpublic defaulters, than set the
example that would be given by the passage of this
bill. He would let this matter rest, a warning to
all who may have public money entrusted to them,
that if they embezzle and apply it to their own use,
they must abide by the penalties 6f the law.
Mr. P. concluded by moving to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. HOPKINS deemed it necessary to mention
to the gentleman from Alabama that the gentleman
from New York who took an interest in this bill
was absent; and therefore it would be better to let
the bill be postponed until his return, particularly
as the gentleman from Alabama had made some re-
marks on the subject which were certainly very per-
tinent. He would add, also, that it was not pre-
tended that the sureties of Mr. Swartwout, who
were to be benefited by this bill, had themselves
embezzled the public money. They were innocent
of any participation in it. He hoped the gentleman
would withdraw his motion to lay the bill on the ta-
ble, and suffer it to be postponed.
Mr. PAYNE accordingly withdrew his motion.
After some conversation, the bill was postponed
to Monday next.
MAP OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL again asked leave to
present the resolution formerly offered and refused,
to direct the Clerk of the House to procure for each
of the members of the House a map of the United
States.
Mr. SIMONS objected.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved to suspend the
rules for the reception of his resolution; and it was
agreed to. The resolution was accordingly read to
the House.
After some remarks from Mr. HUDSON,
Mr. SIMONS said that it was not in his power to
perceive why the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. C.J. Ingersoll] so often brought forward
motions appropriately the business for a standing
committee of the House to consider, and moved to
refer them to the clerk of the House. This was the
third instance of the kind. The first was to furnish
a map of Texas, the second of Iowa, Wisconsin, and
Illinois. If any reasons could be assigned, he would
be glad to hear them. At the last session, m ac-
cordance with a report made by a special' committee,
a standing committee was created, to which this
branch of public expenditure, viz: for engraving,
&c., was referred. This committee had, as could
be demonstrated, effected, for about one thousand
dollars, what would have cost, in the former way of
execution, about fifty thousand. This had not been
done by omitting to furnish all maps necessary to
to facilitate the business of the House, but by duly
guarding against imposition and extravagance, and
instituting a competition among artisans. If any
suffering m delay for maps had existed, it was una-
voidable in the nature of the business. A map
could not be engraved without some time; more
time was required than to furnish the printing.
Mr. S. said he had a charge from the facetious
and playful gentlemen over the way, of being
embarrassed with too arduous duties, and
that it was not to censure that he intended
to offer. Mr. S. said he had not considered
himself burdened or embarrassed with the duties
of the committee; that they did not *iake a trouble-
some draught on his humble intellect, and if they
appeared to be appalling to his, [the gentleman from
Massachusetts, Mr. Hudson's] mind, it was a grade
lower than he had considered it; that the commit-
tee could execute ten times the duties they hitherto
had, and then claim nothing for profound thinking.
This proposition, said Mr. S., puts back the busi-
ness of furnishing maps into the hands of the clerk,
from whom it was taken last session, after finding
most glaring impositions, and the most loose con-
tracts, whereby the government had lost hundreds
and thousands of dollars. And why take this course?
The committee in no instance have delayed a mo-
ment in the execution of duty; the map of Memphis
harbor, to accompany the President's message and
documents,was immediately contracted for, to be com-
pleted in the shortest time of any offer, from any arti-
san, and would probably be ready next week. He'
thought it would be laid on our desks at an earlier
day than would be the Texas map, or the geological
survey of Mr. Owen; the plate* for both of which
were represented to be in the Senate, and to which
the committee, by vote of the House, were confined
for their production. These plates had been under
the artisan's hands many months, he understood,
and were not yet completed; and were this commit-
tee to be charged with neglect for not furnishing the
Memphis map in as many days?
Mr, S. said, the dignity of the committee he had
but little anxiety for; but in reformation of abuses
he was always ready to engage. . In this he had en«
gaged, and was proud to think he had, as one of a
committee, been successful, by establishing a stand-
ing committee, who, if they faithfully discharged
their duty, would save $25,000 a year to this govern-
ment. This he considered a langc sum, though his
friend over the way might differ with him, find de-
sire a vacuum to be filled with "high taxes, which
make low prices." '
There was a great clamor in this House for re-
form and retrenchment; but it was interesting to see
how effont after effort failed. Log-rolling was the
method to establish abuses, but never can furnish a
remedy. All may unite to establish a list of evils;
but no 'union can be obtained to destroy them.
When a proposition is made to correct an abuse, it
is objected to because there are other, and perhaps
greater ones existing, which should Jirstbe corrected.
All should be remedied together; but he held that it
was always in order to remove an evil, be it great or
smalt, from the head ef that House to its most hum-
ble page, if abuses were to be found; and that he
would, and ever had, voted for the shortest session,
longest sittings, and lowest wages.
Mr. HUDSON, after some further remarks,
moved the previous question; which was seconded.
Mr. E. S. HAMLIN moved to lay the resolution
on the table; which was negatived.
The resolution was then agreed to.
DEATH OF SENATOR FULTON.
The resolutions adopted in the Senate after the
announcement of the death of Mr. Fulton, (for
which see Senate- report,) were delivered to the
House by A'sbury Dickins, esq., the Secretary of
the Senate; and were read by the Clerk.
Mr. CROSS then rose and spoke as follows:
Mr. Speaker: The message just communicated
from the Senate relates to a melancholy event
whieh should serve to remind us of the frail tenure
by which life is held; and, at the same time, of the
certainty of death. Senator Fulton left this city at
the elose' of the last session of Congress in good
health, and with as fair prospects for a long and
useful life as any member of the body to which he
belonged. Now, his remains rest in the sleep of
death, beneath the sod of his adopted State. After
reaching home, his health^continued good until early
in August, when it became slightly impaired. In
this condition he slept for Severn] nights in a cham-
ber freshly painted—thus subjecting himself to the
influence of an infected atmosphere, and, as was be-
lieved, ultimately causing his death. If medical
skill, and the gentle, soothing, and ever-watchful at-
tentions which a wife, in the devotedness of her af-
fection, can only bestow, could have succeeded, this
distinguished- man would have been saved to his
country„to his friends, and to his family. But the
fiat had gone forth; and human skill, although sus-
tained by the watchfulness of affection, could not
avert it.
The Hon. William S. Fulton died at Rosewood,
his residence, near the city of Little Rock, in Ar-
kansas, on the loth of August last, in the fiftieth
year of his age. He was a native of Cecil county,
in the State of Maryland, and the first step
in his public career was taken as one of her sons in
the defence of Fort McHanry; at its bombardment,
during the last war, as a temporary aid of its gallant
commander. Subsequently he removed with his fa-
ther's family to the State of Tennessee, andsoon after-
