Congressional globe.
posed the.government that enslaved them, and set
op for themselves. The last of the revolutions of
the most refined European nation produced a gov-
ernment called the bastardy of a bloody knight.
The" insurrection of Texas against Santa Anna's
despotism was the legitimate assertion of a free
people's independence—achieved by admirable com-
binations, immortalized by a victory never sur-
passed in exploit, consecrated by generosity seldom
equalled in magnanimous policy. Their declaration
of independence is an eloquent paraphrase of ours.
Their constitution is an improvement on that which
has rendered this country eminently prosperous. I
have looked through their code of laws, and find
them distinguished for wisdom. Ever since their
independence, while the proudest nations of die Old
World have been more or less disturbed by troubles,
and this country not free from them, the affairs of
Texas have been administered with exemplary good
sense, in perfect tranquillity, and great success. We
have invited them to union; exposed them by it to
Mexican hostilities, and European seductions. Our
government did this, and it would be disgraceful
now to leave them to the proclaimed brutalities of
Mexican invasion, or the tender mercies of Eu-
ropean mediarion. Whether our executive did
right or wrong m this invitation, after all that has
happened, it would be disgraceful to desert them.
Even if we do not incorporate, we should defend
them. One branch of our government made a trea-
ty with them, which another rejected; not because
the alliance was condemned, but merely the method
of it. This time last year there was much more than a
constitutional majority for incorporating by treaty
Texas into the United States; as at this moment
there is a large majority of the House of Repre-
sentatives ready to vote for that incorporation, pro-
vided it can be effected on terms which vary, and
perhaps fundamentally vary, as to the method of
incorporation, but no more. The measure itself,
freed from these varieties of mere method, would
at any moment receive the votes of more than three-
' fourths ofboth branches of Congress and five-sixths
of the people of this country.
The reason why the American people are re-
solved on the recovery of Texas, besides those
which I before stated as to the advantages of the
Union, is a deep-seated, well-nigh-universal senti-
ment of national independence, winch will not tole-
rate -European interference with our affairs, our
borders, our institutions, .our unquestionable rights.
We provoke or seek no wars. Our institutions
render it impossible to rush into them precipitately.
The forms of our government are such that con-
ciliation, compromise, concession, must always be
exhausted before war can be declared. But a large
majority of the whole country, without distinction
of party, will never submit !o aggression, encroach-
ment,- or interference, from any foreign power, es-
pecially that one which is the most formidable of
all, and with which we have already been several
times forced into conflict. That power is like the
elements which clip us round about; northeast lops
us, northwest jostles us, southwest interferes with
us—everywhere crosses our way, and by sea and'-
land, by abuse and counteraction, warning us to
beware. .Let us thank Providence for this encour-
agement to unite, at least in a lofty spirit of na-
tional independence—not anxious for conflict, but
not afraid—not jealous nor secure. In this affair of
Texas, let us be not merely just and fear not, but
generous, long-suffering, magnanimous, right; and
when right, go forward to reannex all of Louisiana
as-we bought it, including Texas and Oregon.
Q)f the two millions seven hundred thousand suf-
frages at the late presidential election, at least two
millions, I reckon, if not more, voted for Texas:
■ of the twenty-six States, Maine, New Hampshire,
New York, Pennsylvania, Virginia, South Caro-
lina, Georgia, Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi,
• Arkansas, Tennessee, Kentucky, Indiana, Illinois,
Michigan, and Missouri—seventeen States; and,
counting by population, more, I believe, than three-
fourths, if not five-sixths, of the American people.
Will Congress, then, after the presidential election,
make a party question of Te::as—Texas, which,
during the late election, proved stronger than party?
Will Congress do this, when every one must see
that all but time is settled?—that to give time may
encourage foreign machinations, may increase diffi-
culties,.may endanger hostilities, may render it ne-
fcessary to do forcibly what may now be done
peaceably, but cannot prevent reannexation? For
procrastination must not be the thief of Texas.
The method of it is matter of little moment. Any
method I will vote for; and I trust- that Congress
will show the world that the United States have the
right, and will maintain it, to replace Texas where
it was from the treaty of Louisiana, in 1803, to the.
treaty of Florida, in 1819—an integral and essential;
part of this Union. * * \l
Mr. BELSER said this was a question which
had been already decided by that omnipotent
tribunal, the people; and sufficient had been said
upon ft, throughout this Union. But he'had observed
that an error had grown up in all our political dis-
cussions. He had scarcely heard an argument in
this House in which.the. speakers had'not gone
back to what had taken place in the preceding presi-
dential election; and, although he could not claim
for himself a perfect exemption, yet he could say
that he had laid down the rule for his guidance in
future—that, whatever might be the question which
was the subject of consideration by the representa-
tives of the people on this floor, he would endeavor
to confine himself to the record. Arguments made
on the hustings in regard to the candidates for the
presidency were well enough: they formed a part of
the strength of our form of government: but when
they were reiterated in this hall, they unfitted • the
representatives of the people for correct thinking,
and amounted to a waste, of the public time. .
The question of annexing a foreign state or re-
public to this government, by virtue of a concur-
rence of the law-making power of both, was a
grave and important one, and it should-be well pon-
dered on before the step was taken; for he admitted,
in candor, that there was no precedent for it in the
history of this country precisely in point. It was
true that Louisiana and Florida, and some Qther
.small slips of foreign territory, had been added to
the United States; but these additions had been
made, in the first instance, by virtue of the treaty-
making power, as an incident of sovereignty, which
authorizes such acquisitions, either by purchase
or by conquest; and afterwards, under the power
to admit new States confided to Congress, they had
become members of the Union. On this subject,
there were no legislative expositions that met the
question, and hence they must look beyond them
into the constitution and history of the federal
government, to ascertain our true position. By
some it was broadly contended that even'the treaty-
making power cannot admit territory into this
Union, out of which to form new States for admis-
sion into it, without the censent of each of
the States of the Union. The government of the
United States, it was said, was a political firm, and
that no other partner could be admitted into it,
without the consent of the whole; and that if it
•was attempted to admit Texas without this gen-
eral consent, the present partnera would be
under no obligation to adhere to the contract. It was
further said that slavery was a stain on our nation-
al character; and hence the government of the
United States had no right to extend, or in any
manner increase it by the incorporation of new
slave territoiy into the Union; that by virtue of the
federal compact, it should be limited to those States
where it existed at the time the compact was formed.
There were others, who, to some extent, disagreed
with those whom he had already mentioned;
they admitted the right to admit foreign territory
into this government by virtue of the treaty-
making power," but denied ">.the right to do
the same thing by a legislative act of both the
governments in question; maintaining the prop-
osition that the treaty-making power must
first admit the territory before Congress can
admit the new States spoken of in the con-
stitution. They say that, by the constitution,
the power of making treaties was vested in
the President and Senate; and being thus con-
ferred, that Congress cannot do that which the
President and two-thirds of the Senate :,re alone
authorized to do; that such legislation, if permitted,
would supersede the written constitution, and sub-
stitute for it the "omnipotence of the British Par-
liament." They further say that the United States
having recognised the independence of Texas, she
is an independent nation; and that every compact
between independent nations is a treaty. Wow, if
this were true, the whole question was at an end;
and hence i^ became their duty to examine these
objections which had been made against annexation
by the law-making power of the two govern-
ments.
, (JSe had said that no precise case in point was to
be found in the history of this countrv; nor could!
i they find any analogous case in the history of any <
other government, because .,—
mentlike this. Louisiana and Florida, were admit-
ted into the Union by the treaty-making powet as
an incident of sovereignty, and afterwards were cre-
ated into a Territory and State; and he put the ac-
quisition of Texas on the same ground of sovereignty,
in his joint resolutions of which he had given
notice, and which he had caused to be published in
the Globe of last night. Several instances had
occurred in the history of the government, of
the acquisition of territory, which was obtained
on the ground of national preservation, which was
above all law; but he expressed the opinion
that the doctrine was unsound which assumed- that
every' legislative contract between sovereign and
independent nations was a treaty; and must go to
the treaty-making power of the country. Every
legislative bontract was not a treaty, nor was it ne-
cessary that they should all go before the-treaty-
making power. When gentlemen Said that the le-
gislative power of this government had no right
to annex foreign territory "to it, he asked
them to point out to him any express power in the
constitution which authorized the treaty-making
power to do it. How was it acquired? Why, the
treaty-making power acquired it as an incident of
sovereignty: but it was as much an incident of
sovereignty in the legislative department to erect
new States out of territory acquired by law,'as it was
to obtain the territory o'ut of, which they were to
be formed by treaty.
Now it made no difference whether this legislative
contract be for territory, trade, or boundary, or
anything else. These differences of object did not
alter the principle, except when controiled by the
constitution.
Mr. B. proceeded to refer to various contracts en-
tered into between this government and the States—
legislative contracts for territory. If the position
was correct which was maintained in the Virginia
resolutions, and which contained to this day
the republican creed that the States were sov-
ereignties, and that the United States govern-
ment . had no other powers than those which
were specially delegated to it, he wanted gen-
tlemen to point out to him the difference between
legislative compacts between this government and
the States of the Union, for the acquisition of terri-
tory, and between this government and foreign gov-
ernments.
On the 6th Sept. 1780, Congress passed a law to
produce tranquillity in this government. The scenes
which had taken place under the old confederation
were fresh in the recollection of that body. The
States were asked to cede their waste and unappro-
priated lands for the common benefit, and to
secure the general tranquillity of the government.
Mr. B. cited the various cessions made in accord-
ance with this recommendation; that of New
York on the 1st of March, 1781; of Virginia, the
mother of States, the birth-place of Jefferson, the
citadel of liberty, on the 1st March, 1784; of Mas-
sachusetts on the 19th April, 1785; of South Caro-
lina on the 9th August, 1787; of North Carolina on
the 2d April, J 790; of Connecticut on the 30th May,
1800; of Georgia, on the 24th April, 1802; of Geor-
gia, (by another act,) on the 17th March, 1812, &c.
There were (said Mr. B.) legislative contracts for
the acquisition of territory in this country before
and after the adoption of the federal constitution, and
they were never submitted to the treaty-making
power.
But he did not stop here; he said that the
chief portion of his argument would be to prove
the fact that the legislative power of the Union
has the right to annex foreign territory; and while
he said this, he must b« permitted to observe, at
present, his mind doubted on the policy of a foreign
government crecting itself into a State and asking
admission into the Union. He was going to remain,
uncommitted on that point, and he wished gentle-- -
men supporting that view to be heard. It was a
great constitutional question, and one which they
should not treat lightly.
There were also legislative contracts of this Union
with foreign nations.' This latter proposition was
the point which he wished to establish. With-
out going minutely into the matter, he said
that all our non-intercourse acts were of
that character. We said to France, If you
will remove certain restrictions on trade, we
will; and the same to Great Britain. What, he
asked, were these but legislative eompacts with
foreign nations? But another case, direcUy in point,
was the treaty of boundary between uiis govern-
