8.8
CONGRESSIONAL GLOfifi.
raent and Texas—one of the highest acts of sover-
eignty that could be performed. It was a legislative
eompact to -all intents and purposes; he admitted
that the Senate did pass it unanimously, but it never
was submitted to them as a treaty.
He knew that men were very apt to be fond of
their own creations, and he claimed no exemption
from this frailty. If ever he had given his attention to
any'subject, it had been to this; and he asked honor-
able gentlemen to do him the justice to look at his
proposition for the annexation of Texas published
m the Globe; and if he could show precedents for the
mode proposed, it was more than could be shown
for any other proposition. Mr. B. stated briefly the
provisions of his proposition. One was to annex
the territory; another to authorize the President of
the United States, as soon as jurisdiction was ob-
tained over it, to raise a temporary government, un-
til otherwise provided by Congress; another to pro-
vide for settling the difficulties with foreign nations
which might arise; and another to grant protection
to theTexians during the negotiation. Any mem-
ber who believed he could vote to exercise the great
right of self-preservation—which was no more or
less than this, when our institutions were en-
' dangered by a crisis not contemplated by tile fra-
niers of our constitution at the foimation of that in-
strument, that we had a right to adopt the necessary
measures to meet that crisis—any member who
could bring his mind to agree with him on that.point
—ay, >any member who believed that the law-ma-
king power had the right to annex Texas-^-could
vote for these resolutions. At the proper time, he
intended to offer them to this body.
gfs further precedents to justify this measure 011
the ground of national security, Mr. B. referred to
3d vol. laws of the United States, page 62, where
would be found a legislative act, authorizing Mr.
Jefferson to take possession of the countiy ceded by
France in 1803 under the treaty of Paris, and to
establish a temporary government, which was to ex-
ist until Congress should alter it. In his resolu-
tion he provided that the President should be
governed by the laws relating to the territorial gov-
ernments of this union, so far as they were applica-
ble. When the men of the revolution, fresh from
the field of glory—when the men who had aided to
form our matchless constitution were present, this
iuiihoriiy was given to Mr. Jefferson, - and
subsequently similar authority was given to
Air. Madison. Any member, then, who had
ilseee constitutional scruples about annexing for-
eign territory, had only to put the question on the
ground of national preservation. As further
precedents going to establish the same principle,
■Mr. B. referred to the act of loth January, 1811, to
take possession of the country lying east of the Per-
dido, and south of the State of Georgia, and Mis-
sissippi territory, of 12th February, ] 813, to take
possession of the country lying south of the. Mis-
sissippi territory, and west of the Perdido.
These (he said) were cases which were put 011
the ground of necessity; and the President, in each
instance, was vested with certain powers to carry
the object of the government into effect. Suppose
they were to pass these resolutions of his which
were sustained by these precedents: it would be the
duty of the President to appoint a governor, secre-
tary of state, and legislathe council, to exsist for
the time being; and he could go further: if it became
necessary to have a delegate in the next Congress
of the United States to represent that Territory, he
iould order an election therefor. Itseemed to him that
every other plan he had seen on this floor had been
deficient in this respect.
He would say to this House,that he v.-as not
wedded to any particular scheme. He would
vote for annexation in any constitutional form. If
lie was in doubt, he would do as judges were in-
structed to do when they were in doubt. He would
give effect to the legislative power of the Union.
Mr. B. wished to direct some of his remarks to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ooi-gi.ass] and
he did it with mach good will, for he respected the
gentleman as a man, and as a legislator.
He wanted to show the gentleman wherein he
thought the gentleman's resolutions were not the
resolutions which should be adopted by this House
Mr. B. himself much preferred the resolutions of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Wf.i.i.er ] Still he
thought they did not go far enough, so far as re-
gards the superseding'the government of Texas,
and establishing our own in heu of it. He admitted,
-with the gentleman, that in 1819 that country had
been' improperly ceded, What hai induced our
able men to do it, belonged to history. 'What had
induced them to surrender the guaranty given to
Texas in 1803, was a matter which, perhaps, we
would never know, at least in such a manner as to
give it full faith. Now, according to the law of na-
tions, there was but one case in which the govern-
ment could part with a citizen of the United States,
and that was the case of actual necessity. This
was the law of nations; and it had also been
decided by the supreme judicial authority of the
government that the right of an ' American
citizen under a treaty of boundary became a
vested right—that the government could not trade
him away like cattle or other property. He
knew the gentleman's argument would be that a
subsequent treaty of this character was not binding;
but as far as our act went, we had incorporated
these citizens of Texas into another government;
and it would come with a very bad grace from
us now to deny the validity of the treaty. Hav-
ing made an injudicious arrangement at that time,
it became, a motive why we should get it back.
Mr. DOUGLASS interposed, and (Mr. B. yield-
ing the floor,) explained that he had not placed his
resolutions, nor should he, in his argument, on the
principle of the invalidity of the treaty of 181!), ce-
ding Texas, as far as we were concerned.
His position was, that although that treaty
was in violation of the treaty of 1803, we were
bound by that latter treaty, so far as our
claim to Texas was concerned; but while
we lost our rights—we were not released from the
obligation to fulfil the treaty of 1803 when Texas
demanded it; when Texas, having complied with
the prescribed forms, demanded admission into this
Union, under that treaty of 1803, we were bound to
grant it.
Mr. BELSER resumed. He admitted that this
treaty put an obligation upon us to get Texas baik;
but he never would base his argument or his action
upon the ground,after a treaty was solemnly ratified
by this government, that we were legally bound to
set it aside. These were his notions of national
honor and integrity. We were estopped by our
own act.
But Mr. B. fuither held that when the inhabi-
tants of Texas were treated away, it was at their
option to become, or not, members of that govern-
ment to which they were passed; and if they chose
not to, and had remained separate and disiinct, then
they were as free, sovereingn and independent as
any government on earth. He held that this
was the case: that when Santa Anna overthrew
the government of 1824, Texas became absolved
from it; and had acted just as our forefathers
had—declared her independence, and maintained it.
He put the question on the gound of conquest; that
was the proper ground before, this House; it was
the ground winch could be, sustained by the laws
of nations, by common sense, and the ground which
every republican who goes for extending the area
offreedom could subscribe to.
He had heard a great deal about the violation of
the treaty with Mexico of]832; but the only obliga-
tion of that treaty, he contended, was to preserve
peace with the citizens of Mexico and her terri-
tories—not to abstain from preventing her from ex-
ercising dominion ovec. a territory which was sepa-
rate from her, and which she had never held by any
other compact than that of 1N24, above alluded to,
and which was overthrown by a despot.
Another view of this qursiion lie wished to
put to honorable, gentlemen on this floor. How
had we removed the aborigines of this country-
"When the, first navigstor discovered this continent,
it was in possession of independent nations of In-
dians. The European governments became arxious
to exercise dominion in the New World, and claimed
most of their possessions in it by virtue of discovery;
and since that period, the Indian title had been ex-
tinguished, partly by voluntary cession and partly
from its giving way to the advance of civilization.
Just let any gentleman step out 011 the eastern
portico of the Capitol, and look at those two figures,
[laughter]—Columbus witli a ball in his hand,
ard an Indian princess, [renewed laughter] —
and they could learn an instructive lesson
from it. Gentlemen might laugh as much as
they pleased; hut it showed the. superior power of
civilization—the difference between the two races.
Gentlemen talked about limiting the area of free-
dom'—the area of the Anglo-Saxon race. It could
never be done. In the language of his honorable friend
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
[Mr. C. J. Ingebsou,,] it would go on and on to
the boundary prescribed by the God of nature;
and he hoped the time would come when it would
go further [laughter]—than the gentleman placed
that boundary.
After this country had been discoved, (continued
Mr. B.) we made the settlements of Plymouth
and of Jamestown, which still remained; and we
could trace in the West the Jesuit missionary and
the French soldier, when they marched 'from the
lakes to the Ohio. But the grand question was,
"Where is the people who then lived in this country?
\ Do you (said Mr. B.) occupy their landa> You
'certainly do. And how did you obtain them? You
may talk about treaties and Indian cessions, but you
obtained them by power. He had been arguing
for the extension of civilization in this country,,and
he now wanted to ask the committee to look at
some of the best calculations that have been made
in regard to the increase of population half a cen-
tury or a century from now. If you take up the
writings of the best calculators, you will find that
they estimate that, in fifty years, the Anglo-Saxon
race in it will number one hundred millions of souls,
and that 111 one hundred years hence they will num-
ber three hundred millions.
Gentlemen might talk about preventing the ex-
tension of the area of freedom, but they could not do
it. What was to become of the young men of the
West—what was to become of thr rising generation
there half a century hence? They will go to Ore-
gon, to Texas; yea, far beyond the Rocky mountains;
and whoever lived to see that period would hear the
song of the American reaper on the shores of the
Pacific. The threat of President Houston that he
would plant his standard on the. walls of the capital
of the Montezumas, had been much ridiculed; but
its accomplishment was not so improbable as some
persons supposed. If Mexico persisted in her idle
claims of sovereignty over the republic of Texas,
and in her present course of injustice towards her
people, the day was not far distant when the declar-
ation of the Texian President would prove itself to
be true.
Mr. B. referred to the population of the West,
and to the foreign emigration there. He was will-
ing to vote for any amendment of the naturalization
laws that would guard "against the frauds that had
been complained of; but he never would vote to ex-
tend the term of residence required before naturali-
zation. Now he wanted this country, not only for
the native-born American to go to, but for every
lover of liberty in the Old World. He had argued
the question of the extension of civilization; and
there were other questions which he would also
touch 011, if time permitted. In regard to the ques-
Ytion of slavery, he would only say that, if it
was an evil, the British government and the north-
ern men fastened it on us. It was in the compact
which bound the States together, and could not be
done away with without destroying that com-
pact. If the people of the North and Northwest
had a right to new States in which the institution
of slavery did not exist, the people of the South
had an equal right to be, surrounded by
States with institutions similar to their own, to
secure their safety. He did not wish to annex
Texas to the Union for the purpose of restoring
the balance of power between the North and the
South. That day had gone by, the sceptre had de-
parted from Judah; all he wanted was security for
those institutions svhich were established by the
agency of this government.
, Mr. B. concluded by saying, that he was clear in
the conviction that Texas could he annexed as a Ter-
ritory to the United States, by the law-making
power of both governments. He was equally clear
111 tlie opinion that we could'annex it in the same
way 011 the ground of national preservation. But
he somewhat dutibted the right of Texas to form
herself into a State, and ask to be admitted info the
Union. He was prepared to vote for any proposi-
tion to incorporate it acccordirig to the views above
indicated.
The foregoing is but an iinpeifcct sketch'of the
remarks'of Mr. B. They wdl be given in full in a
few days.
The question being put on the amendment,
Mr. DROMGOOLE suggested that the mover
[Mr. Docci.ass] was not in his seat, and he submit-
ted whether it would be proper to take the question
in his absence. The gentleman would, 110 doubt,
like to be heard on his amendment.
Mr. DOUGLASS (from another part of the hall)
observed that he did design to make some remarks
o||his amendment, and would, perhaps, do so on
