coft&ttes&oftal globe.
m
another occasion, before the close of the debate.
If, however, the committee was disposed to take
the question now, he would waive his right to be
heard.
Mr. BAYLY said it was obvious thai a debate of
this important and interesting nature would not so
soon be closed, and that many gentlemen wished to
be heard on it who were not disposed to proceed at
this late hour. Without any intention to occupy
the floor on this subject, he moved that the commit-
tee rise.
This mption prevailing, the committee rose, and
reported progress.
Mr. TIBBATTS, on leave, introduced the fol-
lowing bill and joint resolution, which were read the
first and second time, referred to the Committee of
the "Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed, viz:
A bill to authorize the people of Texas to form a
constitution and State government, and for the ad-
mission of such State into the Union, on an equal
footing with the other States.
A joint resolution pledging to the citizens of Tex-
as the protection of the nation till the question of
reannexation be definitively settled.
Mr. BELSER, on leave, introduced a joint reso-
lution for the annexation of the republic of Texas
to th'e United States: read twice, referred to the
Committee of the Whole, and,ordered to be printed.
[This joint resolution has already been published in
the Globe.]
The bill from the Senate to grant certain lands to
the State of Indiana to enable that State to extend
and complete the Wabash and Erie canal, was read
twice, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the State of the Union.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. MOSKLEY: The petition of citi/.ens of Butfalo,
New York, lor an appropriation tor a sea wall to pioleet
Buffalo harbor.
By Mr. HOPKINS: The memorial ofWm. Ballard Pres-
Hon and 18 others, members ol the bar, asking for increase of
compensation for the judge of the western .hstrict of the
State of Virginia: refturcd to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
By Mr. BAYLY: The petition of sundry citizens 01'
Northhampton, Virginia, and ship-owners and mastfio,
praying lor sn appropiialion to "buoy out' Band Shoal
inlet.
By C. M. KF.KD: The memorial of James iTng^ut and
liOcitizens of Black Itock, Now \ orlc, praymg the pnssnijo
of an act to prevent, under proper penalties, ail other than
American vessels from transporting passengetsand luggfigo
Irom one \merican poit to another on oui coast or hike*.
By Mr, HkMtY DODGE: 1 ho memorial ofT. S \!or-
* gan and lib citizcns, of Oswego county, State of Wow
1 ork, at-kmg Congiess lor an appropriation lor the impro\ c-
ment of the 1* ox and Wkcodsui hm-j's m the Territory of
Wisconsin- reiened to the ( omiiiitfeee on I'ublic Lands.
By Mr. SKVKilANCE: The petition of Dudley P Bailey
and 40 others, of Maine, that Con£ie s will p<t«s, with .dl
convenifint haste, a law by which every citi/en, who may
be desirous of cultivating the eyith foi a living, shall be en-
abled to enter upon the publie lands and occupy a reasona-
ble si7ed faim theieoii. fief of cost The petition of ^ebah
Washburn <md seven other*-, of Kennebec county, Maine,
that Congress will reject all propositions lor the annexation
of Texas to the United Mates a .slaveholdiiig terntoij.
The petition of John James and alothois, ol Lebanon, that
Congress will reject all proportion j ioi the annexation ol
Texas to the CmU'd Mates The petition ol F.li 12 Lord ,md
5oothejs, ol Maine, that (. ongiv-s uillaboluh sfovoiym
the District of Columbia, and the Territories of tile Lnitcd
States.
By Mr. HOCKWKLL: The remonstrance of 11'} citizens,
Ot ^North Adams, Massachusetts, agAinbt tht, annevotion of
Texas as a slnvcholding terrifory
By Mr. LA BB AMTIi> 1 lie petition of citizens of Lou-
isiana, against the removal ol the surv<-j or general's ofiice
from Donahl.-onville to Baton Tiotigc
By Mr JOHN W D WIS: The petition of James Reilv
a~ui 34 othf is, prat a giant ot land to complex the V'. a-
bash and Kiie canal to the Ohio rivn. ALo the petition of
Lewis Kignt-nj er and 17'.) others, upon t'ie ci«mc sul.ject.
By Mr. liS: 1 he pet.tjOii ol Anthony 'Mekallor
and 64 others, cit.zens of the county ol Washington, an<J
btSteofiS'^w Yor'c, picuiiu <on/i>isto de\i^e and adopt
speedy and effectual ir^asurc- lor tiu* aboli'iuri ol . liv« ,-y
throughout the United States. Also th° petition ol 40 citi-
zens of the county of Washington. pnd Slate of a>\\ Yoik.
for the reduction of the rate of postage, and the abolition
Oi" the frankmg privilege
By Mr. Bell Ffcl: The petition of John Anderson, of Mis-
souri, praying that time be refunded to him the amount
, paid into the treasury.. arising from lead rent?, obtained
from lands granted to Roger Cagle bj the Spanish author-
ities prior to the cession of that country to the United States,
and which tract has since been contirrned to the said Roger
Cagle or his legal representatives: referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims, with the accompanying papers.
By Mr. HERKICK: The petition ol Elliot R Bowdoia
and 39 others, citizens of Saco; in the State of Maine, prey-
ing that the propositions for the annexation ol Texas to tlie
United States be rejected; referred to the Committe on For-
eign Affairs. • m
By Mr. JOHN STEWART: The petition of Samuel Fro-
thingharn, of Middletown, in Middlesex county, Connecti-
cut, asking Congress for an increase of pension.
By Mr.'McCLKLLAND: The petition -of Roswell Hale,
of Adrian, Michigan, for an increase of pension. The claim
of the Messrs. Eldred, of Detroit, for damages, &c.( on ac-
count of the seizure of the "Copper Rock." The claim of
Captain John Martin, of Detroit, for payment for property
destroyed during the war.
By Mr. CATLIN: The petition of Mark Rutledge and 165
others, citi7ens of Norwich, Connecticut, praying for a
reduction of postage: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. PARMENTER: The petition of Commodore Jo-
seph Smith, commanding the American squadron in the
Mediterranean, and 240 officers and men of the United States
frigate Cumberland, praying that the spirit portion of the
navy ration may be abolished: referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
By Mr. TYLER: The petition of Zalmon G. Keeler and
others,a ol Chatauque county, New York, praying for a
reduction in the rates of po\stage. The remonstrance ol
Zalmon G. Keeler and others, of chatauque county, New
York, against the annexation of Texas, or the admission of
any new slave State into the Union The petition of E T.
Foote and others, of Chatauque county. New York, pray-
ing for the abolition of slavery and the slave trade in the
District of Columbia and the Temtories of the United
States, as well as the internal slave trade and for the repeal
of certain laws in relation to slavery in the Distiict of ( o-
lumbia
By Mi. GRINNELL: The petition of E. H. Holmes for
extension of a patent.
ROUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 4, 1845.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
-"Mr. REUBEN CHAPMAN" asked the indul-
gence of the House to make an explanation which
he considered personal to himself. Mr. C., with
the unanimous assent of the House, proceeded.
He said it would be recollected that, in the course
of his remarks m Committee of the Whole a few
days a<*o, on the bill to graduate and reduce the
price of the public kinds, he had occasion to advert
to the fact that Alabama was one.of the indebted
States, and needed all the means within her limits,
of raising revenue to discharge her liabilities, and
preserve her faith; that at this time two-thirds of
the lands within the State belonged to the general
government, consequently the State was deprived of
her principal source of revenue, not having the
power to tax the lands of the United States. Never-
theless. Mr. C. said, that his State had, under
these, and every other disadvantage, preserved her
faith, by promptly discharging her obligations. In
this connection IVfr. C. suid he felt himself called
upon "to notice an article that, appeared in the Na-
tional lntelligcnccr of this city of the 27th of August
last.
Mr. C. said he sent then an extract he had taken
from thdt paper for the clerk to read, and he did
read it. He sent the same extract now, and he
called upon the clerk to say (and he did say) that
it was identically tlse same, without any alteration
whatever. The following is the extract referred to:
From the National Intelligencer of Aug. 27, 1841
"Auihma fi.fcuovs.—The Texas flagv.aves over the
State in triumph Usable to pay their own debt, the people
rote to o.'sume tlii; immense debt of T«'x.'s The whigs
h.we struggled nobly tor their principles, and for protection
to our own citiven-. but it has been m vain The fanckd
benetits of foreign nggres^ion and war have du77led the
eyes ol the locos. f>ll to save Te: n ?, awl ha\ e caused them
tn loc.-> sight of \\ hat their own country stands so lament-
ably m need of Steady, \\ higp. steady, sfiil.e earnestly from
this to the election, m av ot of the sotid cau^e Do i our
dut) , aud 1-f.ue the result to Pro\idence Elshwhere ,t1I
L-well. Locofocoism is doomed "—-Southei n Tmraloosa
«■}[!' o<*ate,
Mr. C. said that he had seen, in the National In-
telligencer of this morning, some comments upon
his speech, so far as it related to this extract; and
although he trusted the editors of that paper enter-
tained no such design, the article of this morning
might be understood as ehtuging Mr. C. with an in-
tention of imputing upon the House the extract re-
fened to as an editorial article. Mr. C." said it
would be observed that the extract publ shed in the
Intelligencer of thw morning and that he hurl had
read <ut the tleik\s table weie identically the same—
both gave credit to the "Southern Tuscaloosa Advo-
cate1' for the origin of the extract referred to. Mr;
C. disclaimed any intention of charging the editors
of the Intelligencer with originating the extract,
though it appeared in that paper under the editorial
head. It was credited, however, as stated. Mr. C.
said that the ground of his complaint was, that a
paper of the high character of the National Intelli-
gencer, and of its extensive circulation, should cir-
culate such a slander upon his State upon no better
authority. The article had the endorsement of the
National Intelligencer, and this is one of the cases
where the endorsers, and not the makers, ought to.
held responsible. The National Intelligencer is a
paper of great reputation: although he differed en-
tirely with the editors politically, he respected them
as opponents worthy of notice. Mr. C. read the paper
regularly as the best whig authority; and he not
only knew that it had a wide circulation in all jq.uar-
ters of the globe, but for the financial condition of
the States it was considered by capitalists of high
authority. By the endorsement of the slander, the
injury to the credit of his State" had been so unjust-
ly inflicted, and not by the original slanderer.- Now,
Mr. C. said, there is no such paper as that credited.
He knew of no "Southern Tuscaloosa Advocate,^
ahd he called upon his colleague from that'district to
state whether there was any such paper.
Mr. PAYNE stated that there was no such paper
as, the "Southern Tuscaloosa Advocate," to his
knowledge, nor had any such paper ever existed^
Mr. CHAPMAN said he did not intend to insinu-
ate that the editors of the Intelligencer had made a
faise extract—he had no doubt but that the article
was extracted from some paper, though the name was
incorrectly given. Mr. C. said it was due to the
editors of the Intelligencer to state, that there was a
paper called the ''Southern Advocate" in Alabama,
but not at Tuscaloosa: he would not say that the
article did or did not appear in that print, though he
was in the habit of reading it, and had never seen
such an article. Mr. C. said his only object in
trespassing on the House was, to acquaint himself of
any just cause of censure for what he has said and
done in this matter; he felt sure he had succeeded in
satisfying the House that he had done no more
than his duty, and that he was fully sustained by
the facts in what he had said and done.
Mr. PHCENIX asked leave to present a memorial
on a subject now before the House.
The SPEAKER .said it was not in order; it could
only be received by general consent. .
[A voice: "On what subject?"]
No objection being made—
Mr. PHOENIX presented a "memorial from the
Society of Friends, in New York and Vermont,
against ihe annexation of Texas; and he asked for
the reading thereof.
The memorial—discussing at "some length the
evils of slavery, and protesting against annexation
on reasons connected therewith—was nearly read by
the clerk; when
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to dispense with
the reading, and lo lay the petition on the table; but
being informed by t^e clerk that but one paragraph
remained unrcod, he withdrew his motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL renewed the motion of the
gentleman from Illinois. He hoped the paper would
not be read. He did not think the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Phoenix] had acted with his usual
fairness in introducing this paper in this manner, and
calling for its reading, its contents being unknown
by the House. Why inflict such a paper on the
House? There had not been a more violent anti-
slavery paper before the House at this session. He
would have expected more fiankness and can-
dor from the gentleman from New York.
Mr. PHCENIX remarked that these resolutions
came from the very highest source. He had not
been exactly aware of its contents, but, as he had
been requested, he had asked its reading. He now
moved the reference to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The question was taken, and the further reading
of the petition was dispensed with.
The second division of the motion of Mr. Camp-
bell (being the first motion in order) was taken—>
the yeas and nays having been ordered on motion
of Mr. Hamlin of Ohio; and the vote stood—yeas
87, nays 87—a tie, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arrington, Atkinson, Bayly, Barringer,
BcKer, Bidlack, James lilick, James A. Mack, Bowlm,
boyd, Brodheud, /.aton V. Brown, Milton Erown, William
J. Blown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Chappell,
Cliucn, f-lmton, Col.b Coles, Cross, CuUom, Daniel, John
W Davis, Dawson, Dean, Deberry. Deliet, Dromgoole,
Duncan, Llhs, Fickhn, Foster, French, Fuilcr, Goggin,
TIammett, Haralson, Hays, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston, Hu-
ll .ml, Hughes, Jamcfoh, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Lucas, Lumpkin,
Me' lemand, McConnell, McDowell, Isaac K. Morse,
Newton. Owen, Payne, Pettit. Peyton, Pratt. David S. Reid,
Relfe, Roberts, Simpson, Shdell, Robert Smith, Steenrod,
Stephens, utiles, James W. Stone, Strong, Summers, Tay-
lor,, Thomasson, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller,
Wentworth, Woodward, Yancey, and Yost—87,
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Anderson, Baker, Barnard. Ben-
ton, Brengle, Brinkejhoft", Buftington, Jeremiah E. Cary,
Can-oil, Catlm, Chilton, Clingman, Collamer, Cranston,
Dana, Darragh, Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis, Dickey
Dillingham, Klmer, Farlee, Fish, Florence, Foot, Giddin^
