m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
GrinneU, Griper. Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, Edwards. Ham-
lin. Hardin, Henley. Herrick, Hudson, Hungerford, James
B Hunt, J. E. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perlcy B. Johnson,
John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Kirknatrick, Lyon,
McCauslen, McClelland, Mcllvaine, Marsn, Edwprd J.
Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Parmenter, Patterson, Phoenix,
Pollock, Klisha R. Potter. Emery D. Potter, Preston, Purdy,
Ramsey, Rathbun, Charles M. Reed, Robinson, Rockwell,
Rodney, Roger*, Sample, Schenck, Senter, Seveianc©,
Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour, Albert Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Stetson, TiMen, Tvler, Vance, Vanmeter,
Wethered, Wheaton. John White, benjamin White, Wil-
liams, Wiruhrop and Joseph A. Wright—67.
The Speaker voted in the affirmative, thus ma-
king the vote—yeas 88, nays 97.
So the petition was laid on the table.
Mr. DROMGOOLE, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Retailed, That the Secretary of State be directed to re-
port to this House the number of volumes of the manuscript
papers of the confederation and of Washington in the De-
partment of State to which indices are being prepared; the
progress which has been made; the amount of appropria-
tions heretofore made; at what time the work may probably
be completed; anJ the probable additional expense of com-
pletion.
On motion of Mr. BAYLY, the House resolved
itself into a Committee of the Whole—Mr. Hopkins
of Virginia in the chair—and resumed the conside-
ration of the joint resolution of Mr. C. J. Ikgersoll
for the reannexation of Texas to the United States.
The CHAIR staled the question to be upon the
amendment of Mr. Docouss to the amendment of
Mr. Weilfr
Mr BAYLY observed that when the committee
rose yesterday be stated that he had no disposition
to continue this debate. It would be recollected that
when the Committee on Foreign Relations reported,
some twenty days since, on the subject under con-
* sideration, complaint was made upon the part of the
minority of the committee, that the report had been
made prematurely, and that they had no opportuni-
ty of presenting their views in regard to it. The
views of the majority of the committee had been
fully presented by the chairman of the committee,
and he thought it was but fair that he should yield
the floor to some gentlemen of the minority, to en-
able them to present their views. He would, there-
fore, cheerfully yield the floor to the gentleman who
made the complaii.t, or to some other gentleman of
minority committee.
Mr. WINTHROP said that before he answered
the gentleman, he wished to ask a question of the
Chair. He wished to know whether he could, be
allowed to make an explanation in reply to the gen-
tleman, without foifeiting hiyight to the floor. If
he could not, he would take his seat.
The CHAIR said it would be very difficult for
him to answer the gentleman's question.
The reading of Mr. Weller's amendment was
liere called for, and it was read, as follows:
Resolved by the Fenate and Kouse of E-epresentatives of the
UniUd State* (f «f(wm'ca in Congress assembled, That from
and after the passage of these resolutions, (the supreme au-
thorities of 1 exas concurring therein) the territory row
known as the republic of Texas be. and the same is hereby,
annexed to, and made a poition of, the territory of the
United States.
Sf.c. 2. Jlnd he it further resolved, That the people now
residing upon the said territory, and within the limits of
Texas, shall he wcor] i iated into the Union of the United
States, and protected m liie fiee en>o\ Tr.ent oi their liberty
and property, and admitted, as °oon as may he consistent
with the principle* oi tl e federal constitution, to the enjoy-
ment of atl the lights, privileges, and immunises of citi7ens
of the United SlP'es.
Sec. 3. .'ivj. be if further rt solved, That tho said territory
hereby annexed shall be kn.j'.vn as the "Territory of Texas,"
and, until othenv.se ordered, the laws of Texas now existing
shall remain in full force; and ail executive and judicial
officers of Texas, (except the President, Vice President, ai.d
heads of department.) shall retr.in their oflices, wilh all an-
tnority and power appertaining thereto, and the courts of
justice there established shall, for the present, remain as
now organized.
Skc. 4 Jlndheit f urther retoh id, That all titles and claims
to real estate, valii nnder the existing laws of Texas, shall
be deemed and neld so by the government of the United
States.
Sec. 5. .'jrf be :t farther resolved, That the public lands m
tile said territory be, and the sam? are hereby, pledged for
the payment of the debt, however created, anterior to the
passage of these resolution?, for which the faith of the gov-
ernment of Texas has been given, amounting, 83 is sup-
posed, to ten millions of dollars.
Bee. 6. *tnd bt it farther resolved, That commissioners
■hall hereafter be"appointed, undersuch restrictions as Con-
gress may impose, to examine and report the claims which
may he presented against the government of Texas, in order
that the proceed  of the public lands, as aforesaid, may be
applied to the extinguishment thereof.
Sec. 7. And be it further resolved. That commissioners
•ball hereafter be appointed, who shall establish the bound-
aries, and divide said territory in s'ich manner and form as
Congress may direct.
9sc. 8. dni be it further rttolvtd, Th«t M toon as jthe «u-
preme authorities of Texas shall signify their approval of
these resolutions, the same shall bo deemed and held to be
the fundamental law of the land.
The amendment ofMr. DorGLAss was then called
for; and it was also read. [This was published in
yesterday's paperj
Mr. DOUGLASS moved that the committee rise.
He wished to address the committee, on his amend-
ment, but was prevented by indisposition.
The. question being put on Mr. Douglass's mo-
tion, it was rejected.
Mr. RHETT observed that if the committee was
determined to take the vote on this proposition, no
gentleman being desirous of speaking, he would
propose to the gentleman from Illinois to allow his
preamble to be withdrawn, and the question to be
taken on the first resolution, which was nothing
more than the simple abstract proposition that
Texas shall be admitted into the Union. Should
that simple proposition be decided in the affirmative,
there would be no difficulty among the friends of the
measure in arranging the terms.
Mr. DOUGLASS expressed his assent to the
proposition of Mr. Rhett.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL observed that
he, for one, was not prepared to accede to any such
proposition as that of the gentleman from South
Carolina. He was not willing-that there should be
a silent vote taken on the abstract proposition for
the admission of Texas into the Union. He had
hoped that some one of the proposers or advocates
of the numerous proportions that had been sub-
mitted, would have said a word or two in favor of
it; which, by the course of parliamentary proceedings
would have been regular, consistent, and courteous.
He wanted to hear from his honorable friend from
South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,] or from anybody
else who would appear on that floor in the guise
and garb of a statesman and legislator, something
in favor of the mode and manner in which the thing
is to be done, as well as in favor of the abstract
question of the thing itself.
He would call the attention of the committee to a
few short months back when the question was sup,
posed to have been carried throughout the country
exactly in the way the gentleman from South
Carolina now proposed to carry it in thisHouse.
In town meetings it was ail very well to carry the
question by a "hurra for Texas," and, as he heard
a gentleman near him say, "Oregon too." During
the last canvass all who were in the habit of read-
ing the inscriptions on the banners and transparen-
cies of the democratic party, saw that they were
principally for Polk and Dallas, Oregon and Tex-
as; and he believed there was a declaration for the
hero of the Hermitage, which seemed prophetic
that, with Texas for the watchword, victory was
certain. {Jut, said Mr. I., to return to the subject,
we want to know how the annexation of Texas
is to be accomplished. The lone star of Texas,
which has culminated, has now passed over the
meridian; and now it must be looked at wtth the
eyes of the statesman and the philosopher. We have
passed (said he) from the political canvass, and
now, in grave deliberation, wish to consider this
subject in reference to the mode and manner of dis-
posing of it, as statesmen, and not view it as mere
politicians, who, in the course of their star-gazing,
brought their country into a condition which they
are little pleased witfc; .
He asked whether, when they went through their
political canvass, they heard any of those political
questions whi;h ought to be decided by the votes of
freemen: whether the internal concerns of the coun-
try—its great political, agricultural, mercantile, and
manufacturing concerns were before them? Whether
its external relations were paramount' Whether any-
thing that concerned ourselves was made the topic of
discussion or of remark? Or whether, like certain
nations of old, they did not go in search of foreign
divinities, and woiship other gods. He asked
whether Texas was not the consideration, and not the
United States of America? And how was it follow-
ed up here? What did they see on reading the polit-
ical journals of the city of Washington What was
the watchword and incentive to action on the part of
this House? Without considering those plans which
gentlemen had offered to the House and to the coun-
try, they had seen an allegation that two lines were
all that were necessary for the purpose of immedi-
ately annexing Texag to this Union. The Globe
of the 30th of December, 1844, contains a resolution
to this effect, as all that was necessary for annexa-
tion, and as one which would save all trouble of
consideration: "Rewind, (Texag agreeing,) That
it be reannexed to the United States."
His friends around him, too, said that that would
be enough; but in the first place, he conceived there
were some details which must be settled, and settled,
as treaties are, by protocols. The treaty-making
power was provided by the constitution; and it look-
ed to deliberation by the executive, united with his
great council, the Senate of the United States; and,
whert they had united among themselves, to the
meeting of the plenipotentiaries of that nation with
whom the contract was to be completed. But this
was not the first time a discussion had arisen re-
specting the exercise of power in s>- ch ca3es by the
legislative and the treaty-making power. Such a
discussion arose on the treaty of commerce founded
on the treaty of peace with Great Britain; and as
he could not now go fully into that question, he
recommended the House to read an able argument
o£_Mr. Pinckney.
, He then proceeded to notice the influence of an-
nexation on the national character, and proceeded to
observe that the whole question of annexation was
I directly contrary to the constitution of the United
I States. Some gentlemen, he said, had referred to
' the acquisition of Florida and Louisiana; but histo-
ry told them, if they did not recollect the event, that
when Louisiana became part and portion of the ter-
ritory of the United States of America in 1803-'4,
there was no view of making that acquisition either
a Territory or a Stater He entreated the House to
carry back its historical recollections, and they
would see that we were threatened with the loss of
the great river Mississippi. Our treaty with Spain
in 1795 had given tts a joint right to that river; but
we were subsequently denied that right by a Span-
ish viceroy; and we were threatened with the loss of
that valley, now our pride and glory. In the discus-
sions which ensued, it was that Mr. Jefferson con-
ceived the happy thought of purchasing, in stead of
fighting for the disputed possession This was done
as a matter of necessity; and from 1803—'4 to 1812 it
remained as an appendage of the United States, not
either as a State or a Territory. Let not, then, (he
said,) Louisiana be introduced as a precedent. He
then proceeded to notice some of the arguments of
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Belser,] who
had said that the purchase of a few acres, and of
ground for dock-yards and magazines, was as good
as the purchase of millions of acres. But this he
(Mr. I.) denied; for, for such cases, provision
was made by the constitution'.
Mr. BELSER said, in explanation, that when he
spoke of territory acquired by the government from
the States, for the purpose of erecting "forts, mag-
azines, arsenals, dockyards, &c., he well knew.that
Congress could, by the constitution, exercise ex-
clusive legislation over all places purchased for such
objects by the consent of the legislature of the
State in which the same may be; yet still he con-
tended that Congress had, in many instances cited
by him, given, by concurrent legislation, jurisdiction
over the same to the States, for which the power
was not express, but depended alone for its exercise
on the doctrine of implication. He was reasoning
only from analogy, when he used the argument,
and so stated at the time.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL, after some other oservations,
proceeded to justify Mr. J, Q,. Adams against the
imputations which had been cast upon him in rela-
tion to the Texian boundary, quoting Mr. Mon-
"roe's second inaugural for that purpose; and then
passed to the question of war, which it fiad been
said would grow out of annexation. Texas was at
war with Mexico, and he asked if it was ever heard
that a part and confederated portion of a nation was
at war with a foreign power, and the other part at
peace; and yet Texas was a part of the United States,
according to the Globe. The people of this coun-
try would not hesitate to enter into a war where it
was necessary to vindicate their rights, even with
most powerful kingdom on the face of the globe,
relying on the God of battles to give strength to
their exertions. But with Mexico the case was dif-
ferent; the first insult was given by our accredited
minister. His maxim was, millions for defence, not
a cent for tribute for any such purpose, where it was
of doubtful right.
War, with all its horrors, with all its disastrous con-
sequences, every Christian, every civilized man,
should use all endeavors, consistent with national
honor, to avert. Mr. I. referred to the inaugural ad-
dress of Mt. Madison, who had afterwards found
himself driven to the necessity of a declaration of
war with the most powerful kingdom in the world,
as putting forth sentiments and opinions very wide*
