CONGRESSIONAL GLOil.
of Texas, could fail to see that its annexation to the
Union was important, not only to our peace, but ab-
solutely necessary for our permanent security!}
Mr. P. here described the geographical position of
Texas,,and the dangers to which the possession of it
by a hostile foreign power would subject the south-
west, and particularly the cities of New Orleans ftnd
Mobile.Healso showed the importance of the acquisi-
tion of that country to enable us to keep in check the
thousands of Indians located on our western border.
In short, the possession of Texas by a hostile for-
eign power—England, for instance—would enable
her to send her emissaries among the Indian tribes,
and stir up an Indian war on our borders that
would extend from the lakes to the Sabine.
'He then went on to show that it was the" duty of
the government to provide against these dangers,
and, not waiting till the contingency actually arose,
provide in anticipation against it. The next quesr
tion that presented itself was: Is Texas a free, sove-
reign, and independent State, and as such, compe-
tent to treat with us for her admission into our con-
federacy? On this part of the subject, Mr. P. went
into an examination of the history of Texas, its con-
nection with the Mexican confederacy, and its final
separation from it. The constitution of Mexico, as
it existed in 1824, was, with a few exceptions, pre-
cisely similar to that of the United States; and on look-
ing over that constitution, he found that one of its last
clauses was, that it could never be abolished. It
■was a republican form of government; and under
that form of government Texas and Coahuiia, as one
State, were admitted into the Mexican confederacy
on an equal footing with the other States. Previous
to becoming a member of this confederacy, Texas
adopted a constitution, declaring herself a free, sover-
eign and independent State, independent of Mexico,
and independent of any of the .other States of that
confederacy. By admitting Texas, therefore, into
that confederacy, with this constitution, Mexico as-
sented to the independence, sovereignty, and equali-
ty of Texas; and entered into a solemn contract
with her to respect and defend that sovereignty and
independence. The constitution under which she
became a member of that confederacy, therefore, be
came a contract which, once entered into, there was
no power in either of the contracting parties to ab-
rogate. -JSiow, did Mexico change the form of gov-
ernment existing in 1824, when Texas was ad-
mitted into her confederacy? If she did, it was a
violation of the contract, and released all the other
States from its obligations1'. 'Mr. P. then took a re-
view of the history of Mexi<*>, showing how Santa
Anna had overthrown the constitution, destroyed
the federal government, and established a central
despotism in its stead'.T This, he said, was admitted
by Mr. Rejon, the Mexican minister himself, 111 his
late correspondence with Mr. Shannon. Now he
knew of no way of understanding this question
better than by assimilating it to our institutions.
Suppose a usurper was to rise in this country,
and, with an armed soldiery, was to surround the
ballot-boxes, and driving those from the polls who
were not willing to support him, thereby secure the,
election of a Congre; s'devoted to his will: suppose
that Congiess, elected by such nefarious means, was
to abolish oi.r glorious constitution, and establish a
central government in its stead: would not, in
such a state of things, every State in the Union fall
back on its original sovereignty' and would they
not be all absolved from their obligations to the
government? Undoubtedly they wonlil; and so was
Texas, under a like state of things, absolved from
her obligations to the government of Mexico.
Mr. P. here went into an examination of (h® laws
of nations as applicable to the case, as laid down in
Yattel, establishing the fact that Texas was free,
sovereign, and independent; that as such she enter-
ed into the Mexican confederacy; and being absolv-
ed from that compact by the fault of Mexico herself,
was now fiee to treat with the United States, who
were in no wise bound to consult with Mexico on
the subject.
Something had been said of the injury to our
commerce by privateers under the Mexican Hag;
but let them do it if they thought proper, and on
their heads be the responsibility. Our security was
in our own right arms.
But again: was it expedient to annex the two
countries? What did Texas propose to surrender
to us? She proposed to surrender to us her sov-
ereignty over all of her public property of every
JcJna whatever; and for what consideration? It was
proposed to give her $10,000,000, and nothing more.
Perhaps it would not exceed $7,000,000; but beyond
$10,000,000 they could not go. Look for a mo-
ment at the land which she proposed to surrender.
On this subject he was governed by-a report made
by the General Land Office of Texas to the govern-
ment of that country,and he found there was of Texas
unappropriated land, which would be surrendered
for the $10,000,000, as much as 136,111,327 acres.
Take this at 7] cents an acre, and he asked the
American people—for he would not ask the House—
if it was not cheap enough. Then, as a matter of
dollars and cents, it was advantageous. But there
were various objections to the acquisition of this
territory. One alleged it would increase the sta-
ples of the country, and thus be injurious to our-
selves; while it was represented as a land of mo-
rasses and swamps; and while blowing hot ard
cold, there might possibly be some bewilderment in
relation to the price; but if it were so productive as
to be injurious to our staples, surely 7„ cents per
acre was as small a price as it could be reasonably
expected to be ceded for. He had no hesitation in
saying that it was as good as our own public
domain which we sold at $1 25 per acre, at which
price the land to be ceded by Texas would be worth
$170,139,158 75; and this would be purchased for
$10,000,000 only. He would ask gentlemen if they
ever expected to annex Texas on terms more favor-
able as regards dollars and cents. But there were
other considerations connected with this question
which ought not to be overlooked. The country
proposed to be ceded was .capable of sustaining
5,000,000 of souls; for it was an immense country,
rich in all the elements of production. Now, sup-
pose that 5^000,1)00 of souls in Texas produced as
much per head as the people of the valley of the
Mississippi: what would be the annual product of
that country? Why, $500,000,000 per annum.
This was an enormous agricultural production,
and there was no doubt of production equal to the
valley of the Mississippi, for the ground was
of equal fertility. Then suppose that one-third of
this enormous agricultural product was exchanged
for foreign products and Brought back into this
country: what would be the result? "Why, it would
create an importation into this country of new
wealth to the amount of $1G6,666,606. Then look
at the amount which would thus be paid into the
public treasury, even at a very low rate of duty—as
low as any one desired to impose—strictly a reve-
nue duty of 20 per cent. What would be the annu-
al amount thus placed in the treasury' $33,333,333,-
20. He would again ask the House if, by the ex-
penditure of $10,000,000, they did not pay a paltry
sum for all these advantages. But there were still
others resulting from the annexation of Texas.
But there were sti'l others resulting from the annex-
ation of Texas. To the West it would furnish the
-finest provision maiket. in the world: to the
rope, and bagging and hemp interest it would
afford a market surpassing all others; to the
manufacturing interest of the country it would fur-
nish a home market which would be superior to all
other sections of the southern States. Then ad-
dressing himself to the question as one of pecuniary
interest and he found it was irresistibly forced upon
them. But if they did not annex Texas to tin's
Union, how would the manufacturing interests be
affected? They could not expect Texas to remain
stationary. She would enter into alliances of a com-
mercial character. She was obliged to do it. And
what would be her first step- It would be to enter into
commercial treaties \\ ith Great Britain on principles
of free trade; and when that was done, he appre-
hended, owing to the peculiar position of Texas,
she would become the importer of nearly all the sup-
pliesfor the valley ofthe Mississippi. They could not
prevent it. Look at the vast rivers of the Missis-
sippi, and he asked how could they prevent a system
of free trade along the whole valley of the Missis-
sippi, provided a treaty of commerce should be
entered into between Gieat Britain and Texas' The
whole syc.trin of collecting revenue by this counti v
would be changed; and he would now ask the man-
ufacturing interest if they did not see what weighty
inducements annexation affords? But, to bis own
section of country, he (Mr. Payne) believed it
would give political security. He knew that an-
nexation was opposed on the ground of slavery.
The honorable gentleman was proceeding in the
discussion of this topic, when the falling of the
Chairman's hammer announced the expiration of
his alioted hour.
Mr.- WINTHROP next obtained the floor;
whereupon the committee rose and reported pro-
gress.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. 1VKNTWORTH: The petition for a light-house
and harbor at Little Fort,.Lake county, Illinois, from the
citizens thereof: referred to the Committee on Com-
meres.
By Mr. HEKRICK: The petition of Otis Hay ford, and 245
others, for a post route from Britton's Mills, in the town of
Livermore, through Canton and Peru, to Dixfteld village,
all in the connty of Oxford, Maine.
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Clara H Pike, widow
ofthe late General ZelHilon Montgomery Fxke, praying to
bt- placed on the pension roll of the United States.
By Mr. BLACK WELL: The petition of Jacob Moore,
praying the refunding of certain moneys paid for McMmn
Lease: referred to the Committee of Claims,
By Mr. CATLIN: The petition of Widow Anna Green-
man, praying for a pension: referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions
By Mr. JAMESON: The petition of Daniel Gut-rrant,
praying for a pension- referred to the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions.
By Mr RATHBUN: The petition of Margaret Corwin,
praying for a pension: referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions.
By Mr. SEVERANCE: The petition of Stephen Weston
and37 others, of Bloomfield, Maine, all legal \otejs, against
the annexationofTevas, as unconstitutional and inexpedi-
ent. Also the petition of George F. Cooke and others, of
Augusta, Maine, against admitting Texas as aslaveholdmg
territory.
By Mr. PHCENIX: The petition of the heirs of Capt. M.
Winans for commutation of pay.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 6, 1845.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of the Senate,
reporting, in compliance with the acts of Congress,
the names and number of clerks employed in his of-
fice, and their salaries; and also showing the man*
mer of the expenditure of the contingent fund of
his office: ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Also laid before the Senate a communication from
the War Department, transmitting statements and
reports of expenditures from the contingent funds of
that department and its various offices and bureaus,
prepared by its several disbursing agents, to the
30tn June, 1844: ordered to lie on the table.
Also laid before the Senate a communication from
the Treasury Department, furnishing, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate, certain information
relative to the construction of iron steamers for the
revenue service: ordered to lie on the table.
Also laid before the Senate a communication from
the Navy Department, transmitting, in compliance
with the act'of Congress of August, 1842, a report
of the names and number of clerks employed in
that department, and the amount of salary they re-
specfivelyveceive: ordered to lie on the table.
Also laid before the Senate a communication from
the Navy Department, transmitting a statement of
the contingent expenses of the office of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, and the bureaus in that depart-
ment, for the year ending 30th September, 1844: or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. ATHERTON prcaentfd resolutions of tho
legislature of New Hampshire, instructing the sen-
ators and requesting the representatives from that
State to use their exertions to procure the adoption
of such measures by the general government as
will, in their opinion, best contribute to effect the an-
nexation of Texas to the United States; and assert
and maintain our rights to the Territory of Oregon:
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ATCHISOiN presented a memorial from the
county court of the county of Jasper, Missouri,
praying the passage of a law allowing that county
a pre-emption nght to a certain tract of land for the
use of said county: referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
Mr. BREESE presented a memorial from the city
council of the city of Galena, praying for a grant of
land to aid in building a city and marine hospital:
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Also presented resolutions adopted by the general
assembly of the State of Illinois, instructing the sen-
ators and requesting the representatives from that
State to procure the passage of a law m&king appro-
priation of money for the speedy completion of the
national road in that State; which were read.
Also resolutions from the same source, requesting
the senators and representatives from that State to
introduce and advocate a bill appropriating ctlteqMte
