CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was now under consideration as in committee of the
whole.
Mr. BARROW would, in that case, move to
commit the resolution to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. HAYWOOD concurred with the senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Johnson] that the resolution
admitted of no delay, and should be acted upon at
once* It could not interfere with the rights of the
parties to suspend a little longer the issue of patents
which have been already so long retarded, awaiting
the action of Congress.
Mr. ARCHER inquired what was the question
before the Senate,
The CHAIR said it was on committing the reso-
ution to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ARCHER wished to call the attention of
gentlemen engaged in this discussion to a question
which they had not a^ yet adverted to, but which
appeared to him to be deeply involved in the resolu-
tion. It was as to the competency of the two
houses of Congress to do the thing proposed to be
done by this resolution. Its purpose is to arrest the
ordinary and recognised operations of law in rela-
tion to individual claims made by citizens of this
country, who can have no rights, unless under that
law. Was it competent thus to usurp the adjudica-
ion of those rights which came within the province
of the judicial tribunals to adjudicate? He hoped
the subject would be permitted to take the ordinary
course of reference.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, whilst he was readjr to
admit that there was something startling in the view
of either side of the proposition, first as to the issue
of patents in a case so long in suspension, awaiting
the'action of Congress, and next, as to the implica-
tion that this decision was not fully authorized by
law, was inclined to the opinion that the resolution
should take the usual course of reference. At the
same time, he considered the points of issue between
the disputing claimants, were mere legal questions,
and fell within the province of the Judiciary Com-
mittte to consider and report upon, rather than that
of the Committee on Public lands.
Mr. HAYWOOD urged that no possible incon-
venience could arise from the passage of the resolu-
tion without the usual reference, as it did not pro-
pose annulling any act of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury already done, but merely called upon him to
suspend further action in the matter till Congress
direct it; nor would the passing of the resolution
interfere with the rights of the parties concerned in
the claims. He cared not who were the parties, or
in favor of which the decision should ultimately be.
He looked upon this interposition as a thing analo-
gous to an order in chancery to stay proceedings till
the rights of parties in dispute were fairly ascer-
tained.
Mr. JOHNSON would have no objection to the
reference, if the committee's report could be obtain-
ed in time to admit of the resolution being effective.
Mr. BUCHANAN said it was an important
question, both as related to the principle and prop-
erty involved. He agreed rather with the senator
from Louisiana, [Mr. Johnson;] but it appeared to
him (Mr. B.) that the question was peculiarly a ju-
dicial one, and ought to go to that committee. It
was only in that particular that he concurred with
the senator from Michigan [Mr. Woopbridge.]
He was very unwilling, from the faint light he had
on the subject then, to suffer the claim to be con-
firmed by the Secretary of the Treasury now. He
apprehended there was not the least danger of the
secretary issuing the patents under the circum-
stances. It must be a bold man, indeed, who, after a
resolution had passed one House and was pendirg
before another, and during its pendency before the
other, would undertake to issue a patent, and
to foreclose the question forever. He hoped that
his friend from Louisiana would permit the resolu-
tion to be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JOHNSON consented to make that motion.
Mr. HENDERSON did not agree with gentle-
men who imagined that the patents issued by the
Secretary of the Treasury, or about to be issued,
in this case, were irrevocable, in case it should be
found that he had acted without due authority of
law. When the subject of these claims was before
Congress, on a former occasion, he had investigated
it; and his conviction then was, that, to a considera-
ble extent, the claim under the Spanish grant was
good, but not to the extravagant extent of territory
set up by the claimants. Hence., in the act of 1842, for
quieting the titles to lands held under Spanish
pfLttt?, ft cl&uxe was inserted exempting from the
operation of the act this very Houma claim and
forty-nine others of like nature—leaving them for
the future action of Congress. Mr. H. here read the
section of the act, and entered into further details.
Mr. BARROW withdrew his motion of reference
to the Committee on Publie Lands, and moved to
commit the resolution to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. HAYWOOD withdrew his opposition.
After a few incidental remarks hy Messrs.
JOHNSON, BERRIEN, HAYWOOD, and BAG-
BY , in the course of which it was stated, on the au-
thority of a clerk in the Land Office that the whole
of the patents had been since issued,
The joint resolution was then, by general assent,
committed to the Committee on the Judiciary.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. WILES, pursuant to notice heretofore given,
asked and obtained leave to introduce the following
joint resolutions; which were read twice:
Joint resolutions for the admission of Texas into the Union
as a State, on certain conditions, and for certain purposes.
Whereas the government and people of Texas have man-
ifested a desire to unite their country with the United States
of America, to constitute one or more States of this confed-
eracy; and whereas there are reasons to believe that a de-
cided majority of the people of the United States are in fa-
vor of such union, and the same bfing regarded as highly
conducive to the peace and best interests ol both countries:
therefore—
Be it resolved by fhe Senate and House of Represent athes of
the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, That
Texas, with such territory and limits as rightfully belong
to it, and with the restriction hereinafter provided, shall be
admitted into the Union, upon an equal footing with the
original States, to be called the State of Texas; and which
admission shall be subject to the following conditions, and
shall take effect when the said conditions shall have been
complied with, to the approval and acceptance of Congress:
First. The citizens of Texas, in such way and form as
the government may direct, to express their assent to this
union, according to the terms of these resolutions; said as-
sent to be given before the first Monday of December, 1845.
Seeond. The citizens of Texas, belore the said first Mon-
day of December, 1845, so to alter or modify their constitu-
tion, as to make it all respects conform to the requirements
of the constitution of the United States.
Third. That the citizens of Texas prescribe the limits and
boundaries of the State of Texas, northerly and westerly,
so as not to embrace a greater extent of territory than that
of the largest State m the Union, as one of the conditions of
this union, that the State of Texas, within one year from its
admission in the Union, will cede to the United States all
the right of sovereignty and jurisdiction belonging to or
claimed by it over its whole territory not included in the
State of Texas, and the limits and boundaries of such terri-
tory, so far as the same may be in dispute with any foreign
power j and also, those of the State of Texas, shall be settled
and adjusted by the United States, with the foreign nation
or nations interested therein: Provided) That if any portion
of the territory so ceded shall, at the time of such cession,
be|in the occupation and under the actual jurisdiction and
government of any foreign power, the cession in respect
to such portion of the territory which it may include,
shall be neld to be void, and the United States will
not claim or assert any right or jurisdiction over the same.
The several acts he "em required to be performed as condi-
tions of the admission of Texas into the Union, shall be
officially certified by the proper authorities of Texas, to the
president of the United States, with a copy of the constitu-
tion of Texas, as altered or modified, to be by him commu-
nicated to Congress at its next session, so that Congress
may decide whether the conditions herein contained have
been complied with, so as to entitle Texas to an admission
into the Union upon an equal footing with the original
States.
Jlnd be it further resolved, That nothing contained in these
resolutions, nor the admission of Texas as a State into the
Union, nor the cession of its jurisdiction over the territory
not included in the State of Texas, shall in any way impair
or affect the private rights of the citizens of Texas, or those
of the citizens of the United States having claims against
Texas or the citizens thereof; nor in any way impair or af-
fect the title or claims of individuals to lands, whether
within the Statp of Texas, or the territory ceded to the
United States; nor in any way impair or affect the right
which Texas may have at the time of her admission into
the Union, m the soil in the public or unsold lands, whether
the State of Texas, or the territory so ceded hy her.
Jlnd be it further resolved, That, should it be desired by
Texas, the United States v. ill advance to her a sum not ex-
ceeding three hundred and fifty thousand dollars to dis-
charge the debt due from Texas to the executors of Fred-
erick Dawson, late of Baltimore, and for the redemption of
exchequer bills, which may be in circulation at the time of
her admsssjon into the Union, and which shall be reim-
bursed to the United States, by the State of Texas, from the
proceeds ofthe sales of her public lands.
Jlnd be it further resolved, That, on the admifsionof Tex-
as as a State into the Union, it shall be entitled to one rep-
resentative in the House of Representatives of the United
States, until the next general census shall be taken by the
authority ofthe United States.
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the territory which may
be ceded by Texas to the United States, shall be united to
some existing Territory, or formed into a distinct territorial
government; and that the inhabitants who are, or may be-
come, residents therein, shall be entitled to all the rights
and privileges of citizens of the United States in other Ter-
ritories west of the Mississippi; and that they shall be ad-
mitted into the Union as one or more States, as soon as
from their population and other consideration*. Cwms
may deem it jijst reasonable, *
And whereas, by the ordinance of on# thousand seven
hundred and eighty-seven, adopted in a spirit of compro-
mise, it was ordained and established as a fundamental law
that slavery or involuntary servitude should not' exist in
the territory northwest of the Ohio; and whereas, subse-
quently, in the year one thousand eight hundred and twen-
ty, the restriction of the aforesaid ordinance was extended
and applied to the territory (excepting that embraced in the
State of Missouri) which was ceded by France to the Uni-
ted States, under the name of Louisiana, which lies north
of thirty-six degrees and thirty minutes north latitude;
therefore %
Be it further resolved, That the eighth section of the act
entitled "An act to authorize the people of Missouri Terri-
tory to form a constitution and State government, and for
the admission of such State into the Union on an equal foot-
ingVith the original States, and to prohibit slavery in cer-
tain Territories," approved the sixth day of March, 1820,
shall be applicable to the territory which may be ceded by
Texas to the United States, and so modified as that the re-
striction-and prohibition contained therein shall extend to,
and be in force in and over the whole of that part of the
territory which" may be so ceded, which lies west of one
hundred degrees of west longitude, so long as the same
may remain a territory of the United States.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, the resolutions
were referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
The following engrossed bills of the Senate wera
read the third time, and passed, viz:
The bill granting a pension to George "Whitter;
The bill providing for the appointment and. regu-
lating the pay of engineers and assistant engineers
in the revenue service;
The bill to relinquish the reversionary interest- of
the United States in certain Indian reservations in
the State of Alabama;
The bill to consolidate and amend the acts in re-
lation to the pensions of widows and orphans of na-
val officers, seamen, and marines;
The bill declaring the assent of Congress to the
State of Illinois to impose a tax upon all lands here-
after sold by the United States, from and after the
time of such sale; and
The bill for the relief of Mark Simpson.
Engrossed bill to confirm the survey and location
of claims for lands in the State of Mississippi, east
of the Pearl river, and south of the 31° of north
latitude, came up in order, and was read the third
time; and the question being, "Shall the bill
Mr. HAYWOOD opposed its passage on the
grounds of the bill not conforming to its title, inas-
much as it donated lands in lieu of those surveyed
for the grantees, enabling them to get fresh and
valuable lands in the Augusta district in place of
worthless lands.
Mr. HENDERSON and Mr. JOHNSON ex-
plained that the original grants to claimants were to
the extent of one section each; but their lots were
laid off in irregular lots of various figures, instead of
in squares, as required by the land office, and henc«
patents were withheld. It was only in cases where
these lots fell short of the quantity of a section of
land each, that authority was given to select from
other lands in market the deficit; and the bill only
proposed the recognition of the irregular surveys
to authorize the issue of patents:
On this explanation, opposition being withdrawn,
the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the previous orders
were postponed, and the joint resolution for the re-
lief of Bent, St. Vrain & Co., was taken up, con-
sidered, and ordered to be engrossed, and read a
third time.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and, after some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
' HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 7, 1845.
The journal of yeRterday was read and approved.
EXPLANATION.
The SPEAKER asked for the indulgence of the
House to enable him to make an explanation of a
personal character, in the discussion yesterday,
m the Committee of the Whole on the state of tha
•Union on the Texas resolutions, he understood the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] to
state, in reference to the course pursued by the demo-
cratic party in the repeal of the 95th rule, and in
speaking of the consequences which followed that
repeal, that there was a reporter in the House, who
had submitted an application at the last-eseion of
Congress, for a seat at the reporter'** desks in the
House, and been rejected then, but who had sub-
mitted another application at the present sfssion,
and had now be«n permitted to occupy one of th|
