CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Rusworm. Mr. J. subsequently gave notice of his
intention to introduce, to-morrow, a bill for his re-
lief.
Mr. MERRICK, on leave, introduced a bill to
provide for the transportation of the mail between
the United States and foreign countries; and a joint
resolution for regulating the making of contracts for
the transportation of the mail over railroads; which
were severally read twice, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was, by general consent, considered and
agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to cause to be communicated to the Senate copies
of all the correspondence, evidence, and papers on file in
the State Department, in the case of the brig General Arm-
strong, against the government of Portugal: and to corrmu-
nicate to the Senate the causes which have retarded an ad-
justment of the said claims, and of the proceedings still in
progress to effect that object.
Mr. BAYARD presented a petition from the offi-
cers attached to the United States frigate Cumber-
land, praying that the spirit portion of the navy ra-
tion be abolished, and that an equivalent in money
be paid monthly to the crews of our naval vessels:
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition from the
executors of Henry King, praying the passage of a
law for the settlement of the accounts of his testator
for services as an officer in the revolutionary war:
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. EVANS gave notice that he would, to-mor-
row, ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for the
payment of the evidences of public debts.
The joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to cause to be procured or erected a
suitable building in the city of Mobile for a court-
house for the circuit and district courts of the United
States for the southern district of Alabama, was read
the second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings.
The • joint resolution for the relief of Bent, St.
Vrain, and Company, was read the third time, and
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The unfinished business of the calender, next in
order, was the further consideration, as in commit-
tee of the whole, of the Senate bill "to establish the
Smithsonian Institution for the increase and diffu-
sion of knowledge among men."
The following synopsis will give a short view of
the provisions of the original bill as introduced by
Mr. Tappan:
The first section provides that the trust-money
received by the United States out of the Smithso-
nian bequest, amounting to $508,318, be loaned to the
United States Treasury at 6 per cent, per annun
from the day of its receipt, the 3d day of December,
1838; and that so much of the accumulated interest
up to the 1st of July next (amounting to $209,103)
as may be necessary, be applied to the erection of
suitable buildings, the enclosing of suitable grounds,
and for the purchase of books and instruments for
the Smithsonian institution established by this act;
and that 6 per cent, interest on the trust-fund be
payable half yearly after the 1st of July next, on the
1st of January, and the 1st of July in each year,
and appropriated to the perpetual maintenance and
support of the institution; provided the books shall
consist of works on science and the arts relating to
the ordinary business of life, mechanical and other
improvements and discoveries.
Section 2. The institution to be conducted by a
board of managers of twelve, no two from the same
State or Territory; the first appointed board to meet
in Washington on the first Monday in July next,
and make three allotments of their number, one of
which shall serve two years, another four, and the
third six; and, thereafter, four in succession to vacate
their seats every two years. The first board, and
. succeeding appointments, to be made by Congress
on joint resolution. One of the twleve to be elected
president by the board; and when organized, the
board shall' select a suitable site for buildings and
ground for horticultural and agricultural experi-
ments, out of the public ground in Washington
called the mall.
Section 3 relates to the details of the buildings
and grounds, and arrangements for the reception of
obiects of natural history, geological and mineralogi-
cal cabinets, a library, chemieal laboratory, and for
lecture rooms—the expense not to exceed §80,000;
and 120,000 for buildings to protect the plants, &c.;
such buildings for the employees of the institute as
may be required, not to exceed in cost the residue of"
the interest.
Section 4 relates to the transfer to the institution
of all objects of natural history, &c. now belong-
ing to the United States, and the ; roviding of addi-
tions.
Section 5 relates to superintendents, gardeners,
laborers, &c.; the superintendent to be professor
of agriculture, horticulture, and rural'economy.
Section 6 relates to details of management.- ' s
Section 7 empowers the board to appoint a pro-
fessor of natural history, a professor of chemistry, a
professor of geology, and a professor of astronomy,
with such other professors as the wants of science
may require. Also, able men to lecture in the in-
stitution upon the arts and sciences; fixing the com-
pensation of each professor and lecturer; no pro-
fessor, however, to tx-eatof law, physic, or divinity—
the_ object being to teach what is not taught in the
various universities.
Section 8. The board to make all needful rules
for the government of the institution and employees;
and, in prescribing the duties of professors and lec-
turers, shall have special reference to the introduc-
tion and illustration of subjects connected with the
productive and liberal arts of life, improvements in
agriculture, in manufactures, in trades, and in do-
mestic economy. Experiments to be made in modes
and instruments of culture; upon the advantages of
new fruits, plants, and vegetables; to distribute
such as are useful; to have chemical analyses
of soils of the United States made; experi-
ments as to improving them; to give instruction
as to the history and habits of useful and noxious
animals, and insects—the preservation of one, and
mode of guarding against the other; practical in-
struction as to the exploration and working of
mines ; practical instructions as to the best modes
and materials of building; the best mode of light-
ing and heating buildings, and to determine the value
of improvements; a course of instructions to be
given on navigation and nautical instruments. The
managers, at their discretion, to cause to be printed
published works in popular form on the sciences,
written by the professors of the institution, or
others engaged for the purpose—such works to be
offered for sale at the lowest rates of cost. Said
board to make rules for the admission of students
in the various departments of the institution ; all in-
struction to be gratuitous.
Section 9 is left blank for the names of the first
board.
The bill having been read,
Mr. CHOATE said he should ask leave to offer
an amendment to the bill; and as it went pretty deep-
ly into the structure of the bill itself, he begged
leave to introduce it by a word or two. He most
certainly wished, and confidently expected, to en-
gage the attention of the Senate in what he thought
a very great question. He was sure that, whatever
opinions the Senate might form on the bill itself, as
introduced by the honorable Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Tappan,]—as to its principles or its details—
all would concur in expressing their obligations to
him for bringing the subject up for the considera-
tion, and for the framework of the measure he pro-
posed. He was afraid there would be a wide dif-
ference of opinion, however, in regard to the mode
of administering this most noble bequest; but it
seemed to him impossible to differ about the duty
of Congress to enter, without another instant's delay,
upon some mode or other of accomplishing the great
object of that bequest. A great sum of money had
been given in trust to this government for the in-
crease and diffusion of knowledge among men. We
have accepted that sacred trust by the act of July
1st, 1836, which was within the recollection of the
Senate. The third section of that act is in these
words:
"Jlnd le it further enacted, That any and all sums of mo-
ney, and other tunds which shall be received for, or 011 ac-
count of, the said legacy shall be applied in such manner as
Congress may hereafter direct for the purpose of founding
and endowing, at Washington, under the name of the Smith-
sonian institute, an establishment for the increase and dif-
fusion of knowledge among men; to which application of
the said moneys and other funds the faith of the United
States is hereby pledged."
The donor is now in his grave. There is no
chancellor in the world that can compel us to re-
deem that pledge, and he trusted in God that there
was need for none. Our own sense of duty to the
dead, and to the living, and to the unborn, should
be sufficient. Our justice, our patriotism, our hon-
esty, our common interest, urge us—and, they are
enough to do so—to proceed without the loss of an
hour, and devise some mode of administeringthst.
more than princely bequest according to the- fojrijl
desired. He thanked the honorable senator ftbw
Ohio for introducing a bill which gave the
Senate an opportunity of attending to what
has been so long neglectcd. He thought, too—
and this was a point of grave consideration—
that, in the first section of this bill, the honorable
senator had embodied the precise and true funda-
mental principle according to which this fund should
be administered. He [Mr. T.J lends it to. the
government of theUnited States from the time when
it was received, (in December, 1838,) at an interest
of six percent. The interest which will have accu-
mulated between that date and the 1st of July,
1845, he leaves, for the present, to be applied to
the purchase of ground, the erection of a building,
the purchase of books, &c'.; and then he appropri-
ates the income and interest, and the income arui
interest only, of the original five hundred and.eight
thousand dollars to the further support of the insti-
tution, leaving the original fund forever unimpaired
He (Mr. C.) thought this was exactly as it
should be. When, however, you come to look a
little more closely into the bill itself, and see how
the main object is to be accomplished—when yoji
come to inquire how this expenditure of money .is
to be made—then it is there wiil be found a f^r
less favorable chance of unanimity in the judgment
of this body upon the subject. He did not now refer
to the board of management, for which the honorable
senator provides, but to the mode in which this fund
is to be made to diffuse and increase knowledge
among men. That this ought to be done, no man
would deny; but the question is how ought it to be
done? ,
Now he begged the attention of the Senate to the
fact, that this bill proposes to apply the fund sim-
ply and solely to the establishing of a college in the
City of Washington, D. C., for teaching the appli-
cation of a few sciences to a few persons; a college
which should do nothing but teach the scientific
grounds of certain useful and practical sciences, to a
few practical men. The fifth, sixth, seventh, and
eighth sections of the bill, it would be found, brought
together a corps of professors,—a professor of
natural history, a professor ofchemistry, a professor
of geology, a professor of astronomy, and a teacher of
agriculture and rural sciences, together with a body
of lectures to instruct the youth of our country. Iq
the course of instruction, and in the various lecture?,
the professors are to have special reference to sub-
jects connected with the liberal arts, and improve-
ments in manufacture, agriculture, and trade.
Here Mr. C. went into a detail of the particu-
lar branches of science to be taught by the corps
of professors and lecturers as specified in the bill.
His honorable and venerable friend from Ohio, it
would be seen, built his college upon a somewhat
narrow basis. Who was it that was to have this
instruction upon history, chemistry, geology, and
the other sciences proposed to be taught? The youth
—students to be received under the same general foun-
dation. Now, in the first place, he wished to say
that, from a pretty careful attendance to the course
of proceeding in Congres when this subject was be-
fore it on former occasions, he had taken up the idea
that it had become the unanimous wish and settled
judgment of Congress that this fund should take no
such direction; that it should not be applied to the
establishment of any college or school. Let him
trace the history of this subject for a moment.
We received this fund in December, 1838. In the
session of '38-'39, the subject was first referred to a
joint committee of the two Houses. The head of
the committee on the part of the Senate was My.
Robbins, and on the part of the committee of the
House was Mr. Adams—persons, he might say,
conspicuous for profound learning and ability.
They met; and these two committees on the part of
the Senate and the House differed on the single
question whether or not the funds should be applied
to the establishment of a school or college in the
District of Columbia. The opinion of the commit-
tee on the part of the House is expressed with -gre$t
strength in the fourth section of a bill which they
drew, and that was, that "No part of the Smithso-
nian fund, principal or interest, should be applied to
any school or college." Now what was Mr. Rob-
bing's opinion, on the part of the committee of the
Senate? Mr. C. here quoted a long passage of Mr.
R.'s speech, from the Congressional Globe of that
date.
The committee divided—the committee of the
House opposing the application of the fund to thg
