CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
#1-4
109
was calculated to arouse the feelings of gentlemen
on this floor, but one which, however, must be bold-
ly, fearlessly met: and that was the sectional ques-
tion which had been raised in this discussion. They
had been told by gentlemen themselves who advo-
cated this measure, that it was a southern question—.
that Texas was to be annexed for the purpose of
strengthening and fortifying the institution of
slavery—that they demanded that this territory
should he annexed as a guaranty for the preservation
of their rights. Let him ask, had they any right to
make such a demand? He spoke of the conflicting
views which were entertained, and of the glorious
compromises from which resulted our constitution.
One of these was, that in every State where slavery
subsisted it was guarantied by the obligation that
rested on every American to sustain the constitu-
tion of his country. Sooner than attempt to de-
prive them of that right of guaranty under the con-
stitution, he would suffer his arm to be severed
from his body. We are willing (said Mr. S.) to
guaranty them this right; and is not that enough?
A great deal had been said about the danger to the
South from the discussion of slavery. Let him
tell gentlemen that the discussion of slavery, as an
abstract question, was what they had not the right
to check. As freemen, they had the right to discuss
it; it was a right he never would surrender but with
his life. It was not in the letter of the compact that
they should hold their mouths on this subject; and
when they said slavery was an evil, they said no
more than the best patriots of the State had said.
When they said slavery was fraught with evil to
all connected with it, they but said what had been
declared by Washington, by Jefferson, by the im-
mortal Marshall, and by many other patriots of the
South. The right of freemen to express their sen-
timents on this subject could not and would not
be restrained. But believing, as they did, that it
was an evil, they were nevertheless willing to
stand by the compact they had made; they
were willing to defend their brethren of the
South in the enjoyment of their rights; and they
would do it at the expense of their treasure, and,
if need be, of their blood. We will standby the
constitution as it is, (said Mr. S.,) but we
will not, we eannot consent that it shall be required
of us to give further guaranty to the preservation of
this institution. He denied that there had been any
effort made on this floor to interfere with the rights
of the South, and held it to be unjust that the body
of the North should be held responsible for the in-
cendiary opinions put forth by a few abolitionists.
He had often thought that the proverb that extremes
often meet was verified on this question; there had
been a very rapid approximation between the ex-
treme anti-slavery men of the North and the ultra-
slavery men of the South; both asked that the com- j
promises of the constitution should be unsettled,
each in favor of their respective and antagonistic
scheme. The great body of the people in the free
States occupied the ground that the constitution,
as it is, should be sustained; that there should
be no interference with it on the one side
or the other; and they said, while they would
countenance no effort to disturb the institution
of slavery as it is, at the same time they would
resist any attempt to extend or perpetuate that
institution, or increase its power. We had
had acquisitions of territory, it was true, but
Mr. S. referred to the fact that they had been
made only during the administrations, and under
the- auspices of southern gentlemen—that of
Louisiana under the administration of Jefferson,
and of Florida under that of Monroe. He also
mentioned the fact that under these acquisitions we
had had three States—Arkansas, Missouri, and
Louisiana, slave States—formed, while no free States
had been formed. Iowa might be admitted in a
short time, but Florida was to come in in a short
time.
He regretted very much the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Yancey] in reference to
the North. If this question assumed anything like
a sectional character, it must rest there. Who had
been the first- to denounce any portion of the coun-
try as wanting in patriotism? Yes, the idea that
patriotism was not sufficiently enlarged to embrace
the country beyond the United States. It was the
first time he had ever hewd that patriotism required
a man to extend his affections beyond his own coun-
try ; he supposed that patriotism consisted in the love
of one's own country. But, with reference to this
charge of want of sufficiently extended patriotism on
the part of the North, Mr. S. contended that the
charge applied with egual or greater justice to the
South, and alleged the existence of sectional feel-
ings among them to a greater extent than among the
inhabitants of the North. While Mr. S. subscribed
cordially to all Mr. Yancey had said with reference
to the distinguished patriotism and renowned worth,
past and present, of the statesmen of the South—
whom he claimed as American statesmen, and not
as peculiarly belonging to any section of the coun-
try—he considered that the gentleman had done
those of Massachusetts and of the North injustice;
and he went into a defence of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] and of his administra-
tion, and a glowing eulogy of the valor and patriot-
ism of the sons of Massachusetts (his native State)
in the -revolutionary and other periods of our past
history.
Mr. S. having concluded,
Mr. OWEN said: In the brief time which our
rule allots to debate in this House, one is compelled
to select from among the various topics of any im-
portant subject. Leaving, then, the details of the
several plans of annexation to be discussed by their
authors, I shall say but a word on the constitution-
al argument, already ably touched on, an argument,
however, which cannot be fully and with precision
made, until we shall be able to distinguish in what
particular form annexation is like to be consumma-
ted.
Wc have talked of a "treaty of annexation," un-
til these have become familiar words. Is it certain,
that such an act can be properly consummated by a
treaty at all? A treaty is a compact between two
sovereign nations. Now, at what moment could
what we have called a treaty of annexation have
been such a compact? Not certainly before it was
ratified. Until then, it was of no force whatever;
an escrow, inchoate, as lawyers say. But would it
have been a treaty after its ratification? The instant
the last name on the Senate roll was called, and the
last ratifying vote given, would the instrument, even
at that first moment of final action upon it, at that
very first moment of its legal existence, then have
been a treaty? A treaty between whom? A com-
pact between what two sovereign powers? Between
us and Texas? That last vote would have stricken
Texas from the independent sovereignties of the
earth. And there would have remained nothing,
but what is familiar enough to us—what Congress
has often consummated, and will consummate
again and again, as a matter of course—a compact
between the federal government, and a portion of
our own territory; a compact coming within the
province of Congress, not of the treaty-making
power.
There would be stipulations still to be fulfilled,
but not what could be properly called treaty stipula-
tions, for there would be no foreign sovereign power
ther existing with whom we could fulfil them.
My argument is not that an act of annexation is
nothing more than a compact between the general
government and one of her Territories. I but say,
that it resembles that quite as much as it resembles
a treaty. But, in truth, it is neither the one nor the
other. It is an act sui generis. Talk of pre-
cedents to justify it! You might as well seek,
in his ancestors, the fame of Napoleon Buona-
parte. He was himself an ancestor! There never
was, in the history of the world before, so far as my
reading extends, an offer made by one of the inde-
pendent nations of the earth to merge her sovereign-
ty in that of another. It is a contingency wholly
new. The action upon it must be new. Our action
in this case will become a precedent.
That we have the right, in some form, to extend
our territory by accepting such a proposition^ no
sensible man, I think, can very seriously doubt.
A sovereign power without the power of receiving
an accession of domain would be an anomaly in ju-
risprudence, if not a contradiction in terms. To de-
ny to a nation such a power of increase, is a sort of
Shaker doctrine in politics, which we may expect to
see received in theory, and acted out in practice,
in this world, when the doctrines of Mother Ann
Lee are professed and practised by mankind—not
till then.
- Our decision as to the most appropriate form, in
which to set so great a precedent, ought, ia my
judgment, to be chiefly determined by the consid-
eration, that it is desirable it should receive the most
complete national assent that can be given to it
under our institutions. And surely it isnot the best
mode of effecting such an object, to exclude from all
participation in that assent, this, the popular and
most numerous braneh of th  government.
With these brief hints, I leave the constitutional
point to qthers, older and of -more experience in le-
gislation than myself, and pass to a review of the SU&*-
ject, in its foreign aspect. I purpose to speak of the
justice and expediency of this great measure; in con-
nection with the public sentiment of this country,
and with the laws of the civilized world.
In all matters of controversy, however important,
there are commonly certainmain principles, which
once established, the whole subject in dispute is
settled. ' And if we desire to obtain clear views of
things, we do well to fix our eyes steadily on these,
nor suffer our attention to be withdrawn by inciden-
tal propositions, not relevant, or,' at least, not es-
sential. .
If this be true in the general, tjie remark appliea
with especial force to" the subject before "us; It
would be difficult to find a matter, where the decisive
points at issue are so few and simple; yet one that
has been so smothered up by a load of extraneoua
matter, as this Texas annexation. The right or
wrong of the case is a question of public justice, of
international law; it hangs not on the tone of a de-
spatch or the wording of an accompanying docu-
ment. The expediency of the" measure involves
cons derations i national in the widest sense of tha
term, co-extensive with, the Union, reaching to after
ages; let it not be dwarfed down to a party wran'gfe,'
or a Northern and Southern dispute; a quarfel, that
has no higher aim, than to give office to a man, or
sustaining aid to a temporary institution.
The public press is loaded down with comments
on the diplomatic encounters of the past year, be-
tween us and Mexico. These paper weapons may
decide our opinion of men; they ought not to influ-
ence our judgment of measures. Let those who find
cause of offence in their language and spirit suffer
me to remind them, that, when they have settled
that point, they are no nearer the true issue than be-
fore. We may not like the terms in which a claim
is urged; yet, if we are just, we shall still look to
the substance of the claim, not to the manner of pre-
ferring it.
It is easy and invidious to find fault, especially
when a transaction is passed and its results have be-
come apparent. Ye't I trust I shall not-giye offence,
nor be held failing in respect to the parties concern-
ed, if I express regret that the question of the right
or the wrong of' the Textual revolution has been
suffered to mingle, even incidentally, with the true
issues, in our diplomatic correspondence with
Mexico. The Texians, indeed, have most am-
ple justification of their revolution. The war
which gloriously ended at New Orleans thirty
years ago this very day, was not more just
than that by which Texas became independent. One
half the provocationTexas has received would have
dissevered our Union long ago. There is not a'
State of the twenty-six so poor of spirit, that her
citizens would not have risen, as a man, against
such usurpation. But however unquestionable the
right, it is not one, in my j udgment, which we were
called upon, or which we should have permitted
oursel i es, to argue with Mexico. With Texas, not
with us, was the question of past grievances against
Mexican authority open, if open at alt. But in
truth it was closed; closed, long since, by that stem
arbiter, the sword.
Nor does it seem to me, that it was our place, as
negotiators, even to allude to former rights under
by-gone treaties. Do we claim Texas under the
treaty of 1803? Not at all. Signor Rejon so con-
strues it; but that is only one of the men of straw he
sets up, for the convenient pleasure of comfortably
demolishing him again.
As between us and Texas, the argument from
that treaty, in its moral bearing, is a strong one; and
as such I have, on a previous occasion, alluded to
it. Our solemn promise publicly made in 1803 we
violated in 1819; and though we may not take ad.-
vantage of our own wrong still to claim Texas
against our formal cession, yet neither are we re-
leased from our obligation to receive her, so soon as
circumstances lawfully and honorably permit, and
she herself desires re-annexation.
If any thing can strengthen our moral obligation
to repair a great wrong, committed for the sake of
acquiring the Floridas, it is the fact, not generally
known, that the- Texians, numbering in 1819,
over ten thousand free white inhabitants, formally
protested, just four months after the signature cf. the
Florida treaty, against this abandoning of their per-
sons and their territory to the tender mercies of
Spain.
In Nile*'* Register for JS19, at page 31, i* to b*
