CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tii
"Some -writers confine this term (civil war) to a just in-
surrection of the subjects against their sovereign, to distin-
guish that lawful resistance from rebellion, which is an open
and unjust resistance. But what appellation will they give
to a war which arises in a republic torn by two factions;
or in a monarchy between two competitors for the crown?"
A little farther he proceeds to give his own answer
to the question:
. "The sovereign, indeed, never fails to bestow the appel-
lation of rebels on all such of his subjects as openly resist
him: but when the latter have acquired sufficient strength to
give him effectual oppositionf and to oblige him to carry on the
war according to the established rules, he must necessarily
submit to the use of the term, 'civil war.' "
And, as to such a war, Vattel declares:
"It is evident, that the common laws of war—thoge maxims
of humanity, moderation and honor, which we have already
detailed in the course of this work—ought to be observed by
both parties in every civil war"
A word about humanity by-and-by. Meanwhile
suffer me to ask, whether in the case of Santa An-
na, the Texians "acquired sufficient strength to
give him effectual resistance." The Mexican Dic-
tator will hardly deny that. And if he cannot, shall
it be tolerated, that Mexico, by a paltry fiction
which deceives no one, not even herself, should per-
sist in assuming that there is ,no such Republic as
Texas; that the lands lying between the Del Norte
and the Sabine form but a petty revolted province
of hers, which, when she can find a few weeks leis-
ure, she will deign to chastise and resubjugate?
All this, if the subject were less grave, might pass
as a piece of national pleasantry. As it is, it is lit-
tle short of an insult to the common sense of man
kind.
• And we but sanction that insult, if we longer hold
back in our judgment, sustained as it is by the com-
mon voice of the world, that Texas has been receiv-
ed as an equal into the family of nations; and now
enjoys, as fully as any other nation upon earth, the
powers and rights of an independent sovereign.^
Enough on this branch of the subject. But now,
dismissing the question of right, we are met by
numerous objections against the expediency of an>
nexation, as a measure fraught with evil conse-
quences to human improvement, even with dan-
ger to the integrity of our Union. One of these—
esteemed the gravest by some good men—is made
in a sacred cause; in the name of human liberty.
It is, that, in receiving Texas, we increase and per-
petuate slavery emohg men.
LWe increase slavery? By what process? When,
by act of Congress or otherwise, we cause that
country now called the Republic of Texas to be
styled henceforth the Territory, or the State of
Texas, does that reduce a single human being, not
now a slave, to the condition of forced vassalage?
No one will pretend that it can. But it will increase
the number of slaves in the United States? Undoubt-
edly. , And so also will it surely increase, within
the United States, the number of murders, and thefts,
and breaches of the peace; unless we imagine
Texas a Utopia, where crimes and offences are ut-
terly unknowns
Every human enterprise is of checkered conse-
quences. "The lives of the best of us," as it has been
somewhere well said, "are spent in choosing be-
tween evils." In this world of imperfections, the
practical question to be answered before we act, is,
not whether our action is to produce unmixed good
—to no human policy is it given thus to operate—
but whether the good it promises will preponderate
over the evils to which it may open the door. In
admitting Texas we increase, to some extent, our
slave territory. But shall we count it for nothing,
on the other hand, that we increase also, by one-
sixth, our Union; happy, prosperous, blessed, even
will all her faults, as we feel her to be. Is it a priv-
ilege to be a citizen of these United States; to sit down
in peace and safety under the shelter of our repub-
lican institutions? And shall we count for nothing
the extension of that privilege to tens of thousands
now living; its prospective extension to millions
more yet to live?
We can find no Utopia to annex. It is right or
it is wrong, it is wise or it is unwise—apart from
all temporary and sectional considerations,—to ex-
tend the national territory. If right and wise, we
must be content, in carrying out such extension, to
take things as we find them. Who are we, that we
should be thus scrupulous in admitting into our con-
federacy a territory now tolerating slavery, because,
in so doing, we are still to continue, over that terri-
tory or over a portion of it, to tolerate, for a time,
that institution? Who are we, and what has been
our course? Have we hitherto added one foot to the
national domain by treaty with the Red Man, I say
not withoutjmding evils in the added territory, but
without creating them there? What think you of
the transition state of the Indian, brought upon him
by us? in which we take from him the bold, rude
virtues of aboriginal life, and bestow, in return, on-
ly the lowest vices of civilization? What think you
of the slavery of intemperance, the miseries of
disease—our fatal gifts to the original lords of this
broad land; now melting them away, till their very
nam'e will disappear from the living tribes of
earth? Yet when did the consideration of such, con-
sequences ever arrest the signature of an Indian
treaty?
But Texas annexation will perpetuate slavery.
To me its probable consequences seem the very re-
verse of this. The impression is becoming general,
that it would speedily drain off a large portion of
the slave population of the northern slave States,
and aid in effecting, what modern abolition has re-
tarded, the peaceful and gradual emancipation of
slaves in Kentucky, Virginia, Maryland, Delaware,
and then in other States. But there is yet another
view to be taken of it. Slavery, like monarchy,
is a temporary evil. It will disappear, as all tem-
porary evils must disappear, so soon as it becomes,
and is generally felt to be, commercially unprofita-
ble. We are rapidly nearing that point. The grow-
ing density of population and consequent increasing
competition in manual labor, is driving us, year by
• year, towards it. And , as it is gradually reached,
in the several States; as the day arrives when a
slave becomes a negative quantity in the market;
when his master shall desire, by emancipation, to
free himself from an incumbrance; in that day,
whither shall the negro go? Are his friends wise,
in desiring to have the United States hemmed in on
the southwest? in wishing to see a foreign, it might
be a hostile Power, interposed between us and
Mexico? If there be for the liberated African a
path of deliverance and a place of refuge beyond,
that path lies through Texas; that place of refuge,
where the sun suits his blood and the institutions
recognize the equal rights of his color, is to be
found in Mexico, in Guatemala and the States
farther South. Shut him out from these—and are
you not, by that very act, virtually prolonging his
bondage?
Slavery is not the true difficulty. In replying to
the arguments of the abolitionists, we are not at the
bottom of the question. We have not penetrated
to the depths of the opposition against annexation.
We have not yet touched the argument, the strongest,
the deepest-seated in the minds of its opponents.
Late indications distinctly reveal it to us. In the
columns of the leading Metropolitan Whig jour-
nal—the most moderate and respected organ of the
party—in the leader of the National Intelligencer,
under date the 13th December last, I find the fol-
lowing:
"Deprecating any extension of the territory of the Uni-
ted States beyond Its present limits as an evil, in itself of
great magnitude; protesting against it, under any circum-
stanced, lor the bake of the interests of tlie States of the
Union, both old and new, which are, in our opinion, deeply
involved in it; yet if in any form, &c."
I pray yoti to note that. I ask you to observe
distinctly how the matter stands. It avails not to
argue, with our opponents, the question of right to
annex. It is idle to substantiate to them, from the
pages of international law or the dictates of com-
mon sense, the legal independence of Texas. These
outworks carried, there is a barrier beyond; tower-
ing far above them; standing untouched, if they
were levelled to the ground. It is not an extension
of our national domain on its southwestern frontier,
it is ANY extension, which our opponents depre-
cate. It is not Texas, as such, they reject; they
would reject equally a country in any other latitude,
peopled by any other race, bearing any other name.
They protest not against annexation, for that it may
increase and perpetuate slavery; they protest against
it, as in 1803 they protested against the purehase of
Louisiana, "under ANY circumstances."
Is the whig party wrong in this, their great objec-
tion? Jls whigs, I am not prepared to assert that
they are.
Rome, in the heyday of her power, added pro-
vince to province; and this extension of her terri-
tory but seemed to hasten her decline and fall.
The mad ambition of Alexander sufficed to conquer
half a world; yet, within a year after his death,
the overgrown empire purchased by the blood of
millions' fell to pieces, it seemed, from its own
weight. Are these to be held as beacon lights for
us, in the present juncture? If ours be a govern-
ment like that of Rom  under the empire, like that
of the Macedonian conqueror, undoubtedly yes. If
it is fated gradually to approach such a character,
still, undoubtedly yes. Or if, like Mexico, we are-
at last to settle down u"pon Centralism; if the rights
of the States are to be stolen peacemeal, and the
central power here invested with their spoils; if
this city of Washington is to dispense, as did the
mistress of the world from her seven hills, all laws
to govern our land; nay, without proceeding so far,
if all doubtful powers in the constitution are to be
assumed as lawful; if the sphere of federal legisla-
tion is to be gradually increased; if we are to inter-
fere with commerce, fevering under the name of
protection, one sedion of our country, by taxing
the industry of another; if, closely connected with
our government, there is to be a central money
power, stronger in these days, and therefore more
dangerous to liberty, than a standing army; if the
checks which the wisdom of revolutionary days in-
corporated in our constitution, to arrest the
hot haste of party, in its flush of power; if
these restricting checks are to be. swept away;
in a word, if the progress of our federal policy is
to be from the less to the more of legislation; then
reject Texas, abandon Oregon, add not, by treaty,
one acre more of Indian lands. Nay! if such is to
be our policy, our Union is far too large already; it
ought never to have been permitted to overpass the
Alleghanies.
But will such be the progress -of legislation
among us? Ought it to be' In following out, from
age to age, the story of the ceaseless struggle be-
tween the privileges of the few and the rights of the
many, forth from every page, blazoned on the ex-
perience of every nation, shines forth the great
truth, that overmuch legislation has been the curse
of mankind; and that law has become (alas! how
few the exceptions !) a weapon of aggression rather
than an segis of defence. As we read, we feel, that
the protection of government has been overpaid for
by its intermeddlings; and that the people might
well, in the words of the Cynic philosopher, tell the
Alexanders of the world, that the only favor they
asked of them was—to stand out of their sunshine!
Men are not wise and good enough to dispense
with law. Would that they were! Government,
like medicine, is to us a necessary evil. There is
such a thing as the despotism of anarchy; and a
king is not indispensable to. a reign of terror. The
practical question is, how many of the Sibylline
leaves of legislation we may safely burn, yet leave
the remainder more valuable than was the entire
code.
From the fate of past delusions we may determine
the trendings of future reform. When a miner
sinks his shaft and strikes a productive vein of ore,
it is his practice first to follow it so far as to observe
its leading direction: then, emerging to the surface,
with that observation for his guide, he sinks, at re-
mote distances, other shafts, confident that he will
again arrive at the object of his search. So with
the rich and hidden lodes that stretch away into the
great mine of Progressive Improvement. Guided
by an observation of their past course, we tnay pre-
dict where an after generation will find them.
But the principle of progress in legislation hag
hitherto been from the more to the less. If we
compare the statutes and constitutions of Republi-
can America with the laws of Monarchical Europe,
it may surprise us to discover how much of the dif-
ference between them consists—in omissions. And
of the after-thought of revolutionary law-givers—o 
the thirteen articles that form the amendments to the
federal constitution—nine, at least, are of a negative
or restrictive character; circumscribing, within nar-
rower limits, the province of legislation. So in old-
er countries and in former ages. All the important
provisions of Magna Charta are prohibitory. A
freeman shall not lose property or life by the mon-
arch's decision; a traveller shall not be prevented
from leaving the kingdom or returning to it at pleas-
ure; the king's servants shall not arbitrarily seize
the property of his subjects. Even the minor priv-
ileges secured at Runnemede are of a similar stamp;
as witness one, characteristic of those times, namely,
that a baron's widow shall not be compelled to
marry, if she prefer to remain single. So again of
the Habeas Corpus Act, called by Blackstone "that
second Magna Charta and stable bulwark of liber-
ty," of which the provision is, in substance, that a
man shall not be confined in prison on mere suspi-
cion. All of these were rude efforts to narrow down
the sphere of government. And still, even in later
years, the same principle prevails. Throughout
Europe,—but especially m England, that half-liberal
