CONCtRESSIOJfAI. &LOlfc£.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADYANCE.
t -
28th Cons '....2d Sess.
MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1845.
Volume 14....No. 8.
' [Continued from No. 7.]
sustained by those who sent us here. I put to you
the question: will our constituents be satisfied, in the
present attitude of Mexico, with apathetic inaction,
tame indifference, stoical neutrality? Each one
must answer that question for himself. I can but
say, that it is not "my judgment of .our people. 1
have found them neither cold nor passionless. And
they must be both, if they demanded not, that now,
even at the threshold of these menaced atrocities,
while yet the assassin's sword is undrawn, their
government should interpose (as it has interposed)
in the name of outraged humanity, in the name of
violated law, its solemn protest against them. Should
that protest be effectual, well; our interposition will
have averted murder and preserved ■ peace: but
should it prove unavailing, and the butchery, in
very deed, proceed, the spirit of our fathers must
be dead within us, if we grudge our treasure or our
blcod, whenever both may be needed, to arrest
Mexican barbarity.
■JMy conclusions are, then: that it is both wise and
lawful to accede to the wishes of Texas, and incor-
porate that country into our Union; and that, till
that incorporation is consummated, it is our duty to
protest, and, if need be, to protect Texas, against
all violations of international law, with which she
has been menaced. The custom of nations permits
this course; our national honor demands it. Bold-
ness and plain dealing, chastened by prudent fore-
sight, are a nation's best resource against foreign en-
croachment; her surest means to avert the calami-
ties of war. Boldly, then, and without reserve, let
us meet this question. Let us annex Texas at
once. The liberal portion of the world will ap-
prove, the rest will acquiesce; and, in ten years, the
■wonder will be, not that Texas has settled quietly
down, into an integral portion of our confederacy;
but that men should ever have been found, so blind
to the interests of their country, as to oppose her
annexation:/
Mr. EDWARD S. HAMLIN obtained the floor,
■ and on his motion the committee rose and reported
progress.
Mr. THOMPSON moved a resolution to change
the daily, hour of meeting of the House to 11
o'clock, a. mM from and after to-morrow.
Mr. D. L. SEYMuUfl moved an amendment as
a-substitute, providing for a daily evening session
of the House, to commence at 7 o'clock, p. m. It
■was well known, he said, that the committees had
considerable business before them, with which the
meeting of the House as early as proposed would
interfere; whereas a meeting in the evening would
not have that effect.
Mr. HOLMES moved that the House adjourn.
After some delay and confusion on points of or-
der, the question being taken and agreed to,
The Bouse adjourned.
The following, notices of petitions presented to-
day were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. MOSELEY: The petition of GOO citizen* of Buffalo
for an appropriation for a sea wall to protect Buffalo harbor.
By IVir. M RKS--P: The memor'al of Ro'>eit Hollister,
esq , and 150 oirfaens of Jiiift do, .Nt v. i oik. piayim? con-
gress to make ai t.i e\terid the tfea w <111 tor
the protection of that harbor
.By.Vir ALJ3&R l S viiTii: The petition of James Gibson
and 113 other*, citizens of Oakricld. (i, n««ee comity, .New
York, praying for a reduction and uiuform system of post-
age.
By Mr. STILES: The memorial ol the citizen* of Sa^n-
nah, Georgia, praying for 3 reduet;on ot po^age: referred
to the Committee on the Tost Ufisce and Po^t Roads.
By Mr. A. P. SiOiNK: The petition of Abraham A'.ettal
for relief; referied to the Committee on Claims
By Mr FRENCHt 'I he petition and accompanying pa-
pers of Phillip Miller, piaying for a pension: referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions. The petition and accom-
panying papers of Ralph Stewart, praying for a pern-ion:
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pension;?
By Mr. EMERY D, POTTER: 'ihe petition of 181 citi-
zens of Cleveland, Ohio, asking an appropriation foi the
erection of a'marine hospital in the city of Clevelsnd, upon
the site conveyed by the Stateof Ohio to the United States
for that purpose: referred to the Committee of Commerce.
By Mr NfclS: The petitions of W. M Reynold?, and S. 8.
Schmucker. numerously signed by the citizens of Gettys-
burg. Adams county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress for
• the immediate adoption of a system ot uniform and cheap
r*f#.
By Mr. COLLAMER: The petition of Andrew Pettigrew
and 50 others, praying a reduction of postage: referred to
the Committee of the Whole.
By Mr. FISH: The memorial of William A. Drew, admin*
istrator, &c., for a balance upon a contract for supplies to '
Sinclair's army. >. *
By Mr. PRATT: The petition of Solomon "Crandle and
82 others, inhabitants of Chatham, New York^ for a reduc-
tion of the rates of postage for all distances under 100 miles,
'5 cents, &c., and abolishing the franking privilege.
By Mr, WENTWORTH: The petitfon of Silas Meacham
in relation to an improved light-house lamp: referred to the
Committee of Commerce.
Mr. McDowell, on Monday last, on leave, in-
troduced the following bill:
A BILL admitting the republic of Texas as a State into the
Union of the United States of America, &c.
Be it enacted by the-Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the republic of Texas, embracing the residue of the terri-
tory ceded by the government of France to the United
States of America, in the year eighteen hundred and three,
including also such other territory as she may be possessed
of by purchase or conquest, and not included within any
of the State* or Territoues of the same, be, and the same is
hereby, admitted into and made part of the Union of the
United States of America, as one of the sovereign States
thereof, to .exercise all the powers, rights, privileges, and
immunities, now exorcised and enjoyed by the other States
of this Union: Provided, That said republic'to avail itself
of the provisions of this act, shall, as soon as practicable,
so alter or amend her constitution as that none of the offices
created, norpowers confoired thereby, shall conflict or be
inconsistent with the powers exercised by the government
of the United States under the constitution thereof: And
provided, further, That said republic shall, so soon as her
constitution shall have been so amended, transmit a true
copy of the same to the Congress of the United States, for
its examination and acceptance, accompanying the same
with such evidence of her acceptance ol the provisions of
this act as she may deem proper, &c.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That so soon as the said
republic of Texas shall have complied with the foregoing
provisions, and her constitution altered as aforesaid, shall,
upon examination as aforesaid, be found to approximate as
nearly to the principles of a republican form oi government
as a majority of the States of this Union, that then the honor
and faith of the government of the United States are hereby
pledged to declare, byan act of the Congress thereof, that said
republic ofTexas, having complied in all things with the
provisions and requirements of this act, is, to all intent* and
purposes, one of the States of the Union as aforesaid, and en-
titled, fiom the passage of said act, to«the full enjoyment of
all the privileges and immunities incident to the other States
of said Union.
Skc. 3. And he it further enacted, That the public lands
within the territory of said State be, and the same ore hereby,
pledged for the payment of the debts for which the f/uth of
said republic stands pledged, amountire;, as is estimated, to
about ten millions of dollars; and, in addition to the public
lands hereby pledged, the net revenue derived from duties
and customs imposed upon foreign merchandise and ton-
nage, and collected within the boiindaries of said State, after
deducting the expense of collecting the same, shall also he
applied to the payment of said debts, until the same shall be
extinguished; and that after the same shall have been paid,
the residue of the proeeefo of the sales of public land, and
the said customs aud duties, shall go into the treasury of
the United States.
Sec. 4. And be it furthh enactcd, That the amount and
validity of said debts shall be ascertained, and said lands
disposed of, and the proceeds of the sales thereof, and the
proceeds of the said customs and duties, applied in their
payment in such manner as the Ccngiess of the United
States shall direct.
Stc. 5 And be it further enacted, That the public lmds
hereby ceded and transferred to the United Stotes shall in-
clude all public lots and squares, vacant land, mines, miner-
als, salt lakes and springs, fortifications, barracks, ports
and harbor?, na\ y and navy-yards, docks, magazines, nrms,
armaments, accoutrements, a'rehives and public documents,
belonging to and in the possession of said republic at the
time ot the taking « fleet of this art.
Srr. G -id hp it juilher ci'.antfd. That all titles *r> vvd
estrtte, valid under the existing laws of Fpid republic, j.'iaj
be deemed nnd held v.ilid bj the laws of the I nitcd Ft, te^.
Sjf.c. 7. , lndbei> Ju:thrr erartcd, '1 hat tlip 1 onffivs* of
the United States >hall. alter the pavmei.f of the public debt
ot" 1e\as as afoies.iid. make m The ♦•'deposition ol the residue
of said hind, as far as nid} be puivtienblc, the *ame leejuk,-
tions to.r the advancement of cdncsMon and the ej,t;ih!i-h-
rnent of loads, &.c., as now exist with the States o! this
Union, with.n whose boundaries the land ceded bj the scl-
eral States to the United St&u s he
Sec. S And he it furtho nutried That it shall be compe-
tent for said republic, after it shhll hove become a State of
this Union, at any time to divide the territory thereot into
such number of States (not exeeedirg four) as the political
convenience of the people thereof sKall reqaire.
Sec. 9 And he it jurthe- enacted, lhat all disputes with
foieign nations, in taction to 'he boundaries of said repub-
lic, shpll be settled, by n<gotiation or otherwise between
said governments and the government of the United States.
Sec 10 And be it further enacted, lhat said republic,
after it shallhavebe'-ome a Steteof thiolnion. shall he en-
titled to one representative in the House of Representatives
of the United States, until the taking of the general census
of eighteen hundred and fifty. .
>Mr. II. *« >'( /vrikpr vw'ti, Th t ftp pretiilonr of
this act shall be in force, and take eflect, from and at tb#
date of said republic's complying with the conditions her*-
in contained.
■ IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 9, 1845.
Mr. CHOATE presented a petition from Charles
G. Page, ah examiner in the Patent Office, praying
to he allowed to take out a patent: referred to the
Committee on Patents.
Also, presented a memorial from Thomas H.
Perkins and others of Boston, Massachusetts, ask-
ing Congress to reject all propositions' for the an-
nexation of Texas to the United States, as a slave-
holding' territory: referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a memorial
from Daniel Gaylord and others, citizens of Con-
necticut, remo®strating against the annexation of
Texas to the United States,'unless-brought about
by just and fair terms: referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Also, a memorial from citizens of the same place,
asking Congress to interfere to do away with "the
traffic of slaves in the-District of Columbia.
The question of reception having been raised, it
was laid on the table.
Mr. MILLER presented the petition of the rep-
resentatives of William Alexander, known as brig-
adier-general Lord Sterling, praying compensation
for the services and sacrifices of the deceased in tha
army of the revolution: referred, with the papers
on file on the same subject, to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial from sun-
dry citizens of Pennsylvania, and two others from
citizens of Madison county, New York, praying
for reform in the naturalization laws; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, it was ordered that
there be taken from the files, and referred to the Ju-
diciary Committee, the memorial of John P. Skin-
ner and the executors of Isaac Green, praying the
reimbursement of a sum of money paid on account
of a judgment obtained against them as sureties of
Thomas Emerson, late pension agent for the State
of Vermont.
Mr. EVANS, on leave, introduced a bill provid-
ing for the payment of evidences of public debt in
certain cases; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Finance. .
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, on the table, rela-
ting to the construction of iron steamers, was order-
ed to be printed.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a memorial from
Silas Meacham, a superintendent of light-houses on
the shores of the lakes, praying fliat his improve-
ment in the mode of lighting light-houses may be
adopted by the general government: referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
THE HOUMA CLAIM.
The following resolution, introduced by Mr. John-
son7 yesterday, came up for consideration, and was
read as follows, viz:
Resolved, Th*it the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
strutted to inquire and report whether or not the patents
is-'ue-i In th* o-derof the Secretary of the Treasury, in
1 ^ or ol certain claimant* under the Houma grant, in the
.v-U« u'Lomsmna were not issued without authority of
hi*.v, Aud in violation 01 the acts of f ongre«s, and contrary
to the decision- of the htf'ereut commissioners of the Gen-
er\l Land C'tUrfN, a'H ol the written opinions oi other offi-
cers w hoke du n relate to the frenerai Land Office for the
lf'si thiry venr1-: and into the expediency ol passing.a law
diddling ihc v-nd prints void, or of adopting 5uch other
eoar-e maybe nececfarj to protect the righw of the
dii'mcnt cbm.iHius, and to jjuard the interests of the United
Slates. ' -v
Mr. JOHNSON obperv^d that the petition of 171
inhabitants, r< siding within the limits of the Houma
grant, as surveyed by the claimants, remonstrating
airainst the ant of the Secretary of the Treasury in
issuing patents in tavor of the claimants tindee the
saii grant, presented yesterday, contains a-pretty
correct description of the boundaries of the claim
set up under the grant, and of the character of the
pretended claim .for whirh the patents in question
were issued; and he would, therefore, refer ' to it a4
a part of Jjis argument.
