CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Viso, but remarked that the very law which created
the office of Secretary'of the Treasury, subjected him
to the direction of Congress. He was acting under
the instruction of Congress. Do we not, under our
resolutions, direct him in many cases? He acts under
the instruction of Congress and the laws passed by
Congress. He has acted in directing the issuing of
these patents, under but two laws of Congress, to
.Which ho refers in his opinion; Is there anything
incompatible with the duties of the committee to ex-
amine whether there was anything in those laws to
authorize the issuing of these patents; and whether, ,
if issued illegally, we have any power to pass a law
to set them aside? The Supreme Court has set aside
patents in some cases. But here was a law which
admitted of the issue of patents for claims confirmed,
not exceeding a league square, under which the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has undertaken to issue a
patent embracing 189,000 acres—183,000 of which
are expressly re- jected by the law.
Now, sir, if Congress cannot inquire into the matter,
■who can? He did not believe that the patents issued
in favor of the claimants referred to would, if not
cancelled by Congress, impair the rights of those
residing on the said claim, as stated in the petition,
holding under Spanish grants, or under purchases
derived from the United States, but they would sub-
ject these claimants to the expense and trouble of
law suits; and had already, as he was informed,
alarmed some of them, and iuSuced them to abandon
their claims, and receive back from the United
States the money they paid for their lands; and he
eohtended that it was the duty of Congress to pass
an act annulling the said patents. That as it re-
gards the vacant lands within the limits of the claim
fbrHvhieh patents have issued, an act of Congress
Was absolutely necessary. Without such an act, he
'-should be glad to be informed how the question as
- tb the validity of the patents, so far as regards the
vacant lands, could be decided.
He referred to the different acts of Congress, show-
ing that the Secretary of the Treasury had no pow-
er to issue the patents; that, on the contrary, the
said acts expressly prohibit patents from being is-
sued. -He contended, at some length, that Congress
had the power to annul the patents thus issued,
.without legal authority, and contrary to, the laws of
Congress. He thought the amendment, though he
■ (lid not object to it, was unnecessary.
Mr. HANNEGAN said he rose to malce an ex-
planation at the request of an individual. Happen-
ing in the General Land Office this morning on other
business, the commissoner, who is a citizen of the
State he (Mr. H.) in part represented on that floor,
"called"his attention to the course of the Senate, and
requested him, if the thing should be again agitated,
and his,-(the commissioner's) name be brought up in
~connection with the issuing of these patents, to make
an explanation for him. The Commissioners of the
General Land Office from the time of Graham deci-
ded against these claimants. That during the last
summer, after being solicited, he resisted the issu-
ing of-those patents. Subsequently, the secretary
took the whole matter out of his hands, and after
examination thereof, returned them with an or-
der to issue the patents and refund the money
to the original purchasers. The Commission-
er ,of the General Land Office feels that he has
no alternative left but to obey the order of his
.superior. The law only prescribes in ordina-
ry sales of lands, that the commissioner has
' sole control over the issuing of patent1?. But this is
an, extraordinary case. In contested pre-emption
cases, and other litigated cases such as this, the de-
cision is made by the Secretary of the Tieasury,
and not by the Commissioner of th-" Genpral L.cmd
Office. -The commissioner is bound to obey his su-
perior. He further stated to me, sir, that two pat-
ents were issued, covering fiO.OOO acies; and as soon
as the question was agitatedherp, he tefused to isjue
the other patents, and arrested the whole concern.
He (Mr. H.) knew the commissioner Joi.g and in-
timately, and he knew that there was nevei to he
foQnd a man of more integrity; and it fraud and
corruption shall be found to be at fhe bottom of this
matter his skirts wilt be clear. He is incapable of
an improper transaction.
Mr. JOHNSON said it wiss very far from his in-
tention to attribute motives to the Commissioner ofthe
General Land Office. So tar from it, he entertained
the highest opinion of his integrity; but he did say, and
Would repeat it, that in this particular case he is not
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury.
TJie law (that of 1814) directs him to do a particu-
" lar act, anil therefore the Secretary'of'the Treasury
could not control him in that act. He presumed
the commissioner, in yieldingto the secretary, acted
under a most pure motive. The commissioner now
acts under the construction he (Mr. J.) gave the
law. He refuses to obey the order of the secretary,
and therefore gives the same construction to the
law. He is convinced that he has the power, and
refuses to issue the patents by the order of the Sec-
retary- of the Treasury.
Mr. BAGBY said he had no idea of vfhftt was
right or what wrong in the issuing of these patents;
but he felt it to be his duty to express to the Senate
his opinion that the whole subject was improperly ~
there, unless Congress had the power to exercise
judicial functions, and to pass an act invalidating
patents issued by another department of the govern-
ment. If he was to understand by the amendment
the expression of an opinion that they had no juris-
diction over the question, he would not oppose it;
but if its adoption authorized the committee to set-
tle a judicial question, as involved in this land
claim, then the amendment made the resolution itself
more objectionable to him. Congress can make
rules for the settlement of these land titles; but this
was not deliberation about the rules for that pur-
pose, but about the decision under those rules which
involved a judicial question, to be settled by another
tribunal, and not .by Congress. Accoiding to the
views of the honorable senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Johnson,] there was something wrong done.
If we have the power to correct the act of
the Secretary of the Treasury in this ques-
tion, he would ask whether they had not an
equal power in all other cases involving ille-
gal decisions under law. If power was exercised
such as was called for by the resolution, Con-
gress would become the reservoir in which would
be drawn all questions belonging to the jurisdiction
of other departments of the government exclusively.
He could not vote for the lesolution without the
amendment, and then only with the impressisn
that it rendered the resolution inoperative.
Mr. JOHNSON again remarked that the resolu-
tion was one merely of inquiry; and contended that
in the cases where the land belonged to tlie United
States, and not to individual claimants, it would be
impossible to have the patents annulled except by
act of Congress, as they could not be carried before
a judicial tribunal to have their validity tested.
Mr. MOREHEAD had no objection to the ref-
erence of the whole subject to the committee. But
he imagined'that in an examination of the proceed-
ings of the department, it would be found that there
was nothing wrong. He understood, not from the
secretary however, that such was about the state of
the question. The decision of the Secretary of the
Treasury was founded on a construction of law,
which was in his judgment correct, which rendered
the certificate given by the board of commissioners
conclusive. The courts of justice of Kentucky had
never permitted them to go behind the- certificates.
The conclusion the secretary came to was, that
these certificates ofthe board of commissioners were
conclusive, and that he could not go behind them.
He, (Mr. M.,) know of no State in theUnited States
which held to any other construction of law.. In
all, he believed the certificates .were conclusive evi-
denes of title.
Mr. DAYTON said he had certainly, in offering
his amendment, no intention of eliciting discussion.
He did not anticipate any when he offered it; nor
was it his purpose now to enter into a discussion of
the merits of the controversy. But the phraseology
of the resolution will explain at-once what touches
the proposed amendment. The resolution reads:
"That the Committee on the Judiciary be instruct-
ed to inquire whether or not the patents issued by
older of the Secietary of the Treasuiy m favor of
certain claimants, under the Houma grant, were not
issued without authority of law, and in violation of
the acts of Congress, &c., and into the expediency
of passing a law declaring the said patents void."
There ism the resolution an imperative instruction
to the committee to make the inquiry whether it be
their right to do so or not. He did not wish, by the
proviso, to intimate or preclude himself from ex-
pressing an opiuion that they have any right, but
to put in a prote.stando to protect themselves from be-
ing- placed by the resolution in a position which
would, he conceived, compel them to make the in-
quiry without a legislative right to do so. He did
not wish to intimate an opinion in reference
to the matter. By the courts it has been decided
that legislative bodies have no right to explain laws,
but to make, and leave it for the courts to explain
them. He did not wish to consume time to discuss
the merits of this question. He only asked, for the
reasons mentioned, that the priviso be adopted.
If, after looking fairly into the matter, the committee
feel themselves authorized to make the inquiry, they
can do so.
Mr. JOHNSON accepted the amendment pro-
posed, and the resolution was adopted.
Mr. JARNAGIN introduced, on leave, a bill for
the relief of John S. Ilussworm, the heir and legal
representative of William Rtfssworm; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary. Claims.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the Committee
on the.Post Office and Post Roads was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of the
legal representatives of. George Mayo, deceased,.for
compensation as clerk in the Post Office Depart-
ment.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, it was ordered
that the meinorial of the heirs of Thomas G. Peachy
be taken from the files, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
' On motion by Mr. MILLER, it was
Resolv'ed, That the Commissioner of the Public Buildings
report to the Senate, at the opening of the next session of
Congress, what particular streets, avenues, .and public res-
ervations, iu the city of Washington, are, in his opinion, re-
quired by the public convenience to be improved; the extent
of improvement proper for each; and the cost of the same,
respectively, by gravelling or pebble-paving. Also that he,
at tHe same time, report to the Senate the amount received
by the government irom the sale of lots in the city of
Washington; the value of lots granted by Congress to liter-
ary or other institutions, and the amount expended by the
government in making streets' and footways within said
city.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, the petition
of Balie Peyton, praying for the payment of the
amount awarded on arbitration,,for a site for alight-
house now in'the occupacy ofthe United-States, was
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FOSTER of New York presented a me-
morial from the Long Island Railroad Company,
praying for the remission of duties on certain rail-
road iron imported by them: referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
On motion by- .Mr. WOODBURY, the petition
of citizens of New Hampshire for a mail route, was
ordered to be taken from the files,, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, the petition of
Henry May, the administrator of Wm. H. Sla-
cum, was ordered to be taken from the files, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The unfinished business from yesterday was the
bill providing for the establishment of the Smithso-
nian institution, the consideration of which was ac-
cordingly resumed, as m committes of the whole.
Mr. TAPPAN inquired what was the pending
motion.
The CHAIR said it was to recommit the bill.
Mr. WOODBURY said that, in compliance with
the desire of the senatsrs who took part in the dis-
cussion of yesterday, he would, for the present, with-
draw his motion to recommit.
Mr. CHOATE also withdrew his motion of
amendment, pending at the time the senator from
New Hampshire moved to.recommit the bill.
Mr. C. then moved to strike out the proviso in
the first section of the bill, which runs thus:
Prorultil, That the books to bs purchased for said institu-
tion shall consht of works on science and the arts, especial-
ly such <±s relate to the ordinary business of life, and to the
various mechanical and other improvements and discoveries
which may he made.
Mis object was to avoid a premature decision on
the point at issue as to the plan of a general library.
O] special one limited to works on physical science,
By striking out the proviso, the Senate would not
commit itself—the question as to the nature of the
library being reser\ed for amendment to another sec-
tion of thf iii'i.
Mr. TAPPAN considered the motion to strike
out the proviso must produce a test vote on the very
point; and if that test was desired, it might as well
be taken on it as on any other amendment.
Iie'argued that a library limited ,to the works on
science and the arts, specified in the pioviso, would
be the only suitable and appropriate, library for the
institution. There was no necessity for another
general library in the city of Washington, where?
the government had already the library of Congress,
the libraiies of the State, War, Navy, and other
public departments, annually augmented by means
of large appropriations.
