n«
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WOODBURY, before the (juestion of strik-
ing out the proviso was taken, wished to offer an
amendment which might render it more acceptable.
He moved to substitute for the words "consist of,"
the words "among others, include;" which would
take away the imperative injunction to-purchase
none but books on science and the arts.
Mr. CRITTENDEN was about to suggest some
such modification. He thought the proviso might
be modified so as to read, "That in the purchase of
books, it shall be a principal object to obtain
■works," &c., following on with the words of the
original.
Mr. TAPPAN said the senator's object would be
attained by substituting for the words "consist of,"
the words "principally be."
Mr. CRITTENDEN said that would not exact-
ly convey his idea.
Mr. PEARCE preferred striking out the proviso
altogether. If he understood the object aimed at by
the senator from Massachusetts, it was to make the
interest of this munificent bequest accomplish the
injunction of the donor, by such an increase and dif-
fusion of knowledge among men as a complete na-
tional library, worthy of him and this country,
■would undoubtedly insure. The library of Con-
gress, though no larger than the private collections
of many private gentlemen in Europe, had been 30
years collecting, and now numbered only 40,000
volumes. The library of the British Museum con-
sists of 200,000 volumes; yet, by a recent report, it
appears that <ff00,000 is required to render it com-
plete. The librarieS'Of the government alluded to
by the senator from Ohio, are indispensable to the
departments, as is that of Congress to the Capitol:
they cannot, with due regard to the interests of na-
tional legislation, be transferred for public use as a
national library. By carrying out the suggestion of
the senator from Massachusetts, a great national li-
brary, worthy of the country and of the donor of
this fund, may be established.
, The qnestion was taken on Mr. Woodbury's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. CRITTENDEN now moved his amendment
(before stated.)
Mr, CHOATE thought it equally objection-
able; its tendency would be to prompt the
managers to the selection alone of the descrip-
tion of works in some measure prescribed. He
■would infinitely prefer the postponement of this
question of limitation till an amendment to the 8th
section, which he had in view, should come up.
He hoped the simple motion to strike out the pro-
viso would prevail.
Mr. CRITTENDEN withdrew his motion.
After a few remarks from Mr. T appan in favor of
retaining the proviso,
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Choate, and the proviso was stricken out.
Mr. CHOATE now moved to insert in the fifth
section, which enumerates the duties of the super-
intendent, so much of the succeeding sections as the
following words contain: "And he (the superinten-
dent) shall make experiments to determine the util-
ity and advantage of new modes and instruments of
of culture; to determine whether new fruits, plants,
and vegetables may be cultivated to advantage in the
United States; and all such fruits, plants, seeds, and
vegetables as shall be found useful, and adapted to
any of our soils and climate, shall be distributed
among the people of the Union." This would meet
the wishes of the senator from Ohio, so far as re-
garded the professor of agriculture and horticulture.
It was his design to move afterwards to strike out
the 7th section,-which provides for a corps of pro-
fessors, and to offer a substitute.
Mr. TAPPAN thought there were other profes-
sors equally indispensable—such as one on chemistry
and one on astronomy. If a professor of astrono-
my were attached to the institution, the observatory
could be confided'to its care, and the very valuable
instruments it contains would afford facilities for the
study of that branch of science at the capital not to
be obtained elsewhere in the Union. Chemistry
■was also intimately connected with the objects of
the institution.
Mr. CHOATE said discussion on these points
would come up on a future motion he should
make.
The question was then taken, and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. CHOATE now moved to strike out the 7tli
section, and to insert in lieu of it the following:
Section 7, strike out all after the enacting clause, and in-
sert, "That the board of managers shall employ competent
persons to deliver lectures, or courses of lectures, in the in-
stitution, upon literature, science, and art, and the applica-
tion of science and art, during the sessions of Congress; to
make regulations respecting attendance thereon; to fix the
rates of compensation therefor; and to prescribe, from time
to time, the subjects of such lectures, having regard to the
character of the audience before whom they are delivered,
and the intent of the donor—that is to say, the increase and
difl'usion of knowledge among men.
This amendment was adopted.
Mr. CHOATE next moved to strike out the 8th
section, and to substitute the following: .
Sec. 8. And whereas an ample and well-selected public li-
brary constitutes one of the most permanent, constant, and
effectual means of increasing and diffusing knowledge
among men; therefore
Be zt further enacted, That an annual expenditure, be made
from the interest of the fund aforesaid, under the direction
of the said managers,' on the purchase of books and man-
uscripts for the formation of a library of the institution
aforesaid, which, for its extent, variety, and value, shall be
worthy of the donor of the said fund and of this notion and
of (he age.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to add to it a provi-
so that, in the purchase of books for said institution,
it should be regarded as a principal object to pur-
chase works on science and the arts, especially such
as relate to the ordinary business of life, and to the
various mechanical and other improvements and
discoveries which may be made.
Mr. CHOATE argued- that this limitation was
not only unnecessary, but would most certainly
-prove injurious. It was unnecessary, because no
national library, Such as he contemplated, and such
as he hoped the Senate would authorize, could he
made complete without every one of the works
on science and the arts which the senators
from Ohio and Kentucky could possibly de-
sire. The proviso would operate injuriously,
by raising a constitutional question of dispu-
tation among the managers as to the quantity
of money to be applied to this special description
of books, and to general literature. If it was stated
that, out of a given sum, two-thirds should be de-
voted to these books and one-third to other books,
they could easily agree; but indefinitely directing a
preference, would be to limit exceedingly in effect
the portion to be devoted to works of general litera-
ture.
This point was debated at great length by
Messrs. CRITTENDEN, CHOATE, and WOOD-
BURY: Mr. CHOATE being opposed to any provi-
so, and Messrs. CRITTENDEN and WOODBU-
RY in favor of one sufficiently explanatory to show a
preference for the works indicated, without putting
an undue restriction on the purchase of all other
books suitable to a general library.
Mr. RIVES said he should feel very great repug-
nance to anyprovision in this bill which should as-
sume to recognise any important distinction between
the different branches of human knowledge. The
general object of this bequest—of which we are con-
stituted the trastee—is described to be the "increase
and diffusion of knowledge among men." Now, if we
were to have ahbrary at all to carry out this great ob-
ject, it really seemed" to him that that library ought to
be coextensive with the limits of human knowledge.
Some of his honorable friends, on both sides of the
House, had dropped observations in the course of this
debate—and he had heard them with surprise—which
would seem to imply that moral science is not hnowlr
edge, and that nothing but what are regarded as the nat-
ural sciences—astronomy, mathematics, and others
of that class—is knowledge. The great field of mod-
ern inquiry relating to the moral and political
sciences is not to be considered at all as a
branch of human knmeledge! Was this so?
And was this the country, or this the age, in
which we were to recognise such a doctrine?
It did seem to him that the most important of all
thebranches of human knowledge is that which re-
lates to the moral and political relations of man. It
is intimately connected with the rights, and duties,
and privileges of citizens, wThether in public or in
private life. Hew would gentlemen designate that
great branch of human science, which is of very
modern origin, and even now in its infancy—political
economy? Is it not a most important part of human
knowledge' And are the legislators of this country,
who are so deeply concerned ill the destinies and pro-
gressive civilization of the human race, to regard the
science of government and legislation as no part
of human knowledge? It really seemed to him
that, as representatives of the American people,
they could recognise no such distinction. We
have been told from high classical authority
that "the proper study of mankind is man;" but
here the idea upon which the original form of this
bill seemed to stand was, that the proper study of
mankind is that of animals, exotics, and plants only—
not including at all the great moral and civil relations of
man. Now, he took it upon himself to say that, if
gentlemen would survey the field of moral science,
they would find that it embraced a much larger por-
tion of knowledge than the physical sciences, how-
ever important they may be.
The honorable and-venerable member from Ohio,
as he had been styled, [Mr. Tappan,] based his
leading - arguments upon the necessity of ma
king this institution a counterpart of the Jardin
des Plants, in Paris, where there were great collec-
tions of material elucidating natural history; but 'et
him tell the honorable senator that, that institution
was sustained at a very great expense, and yet it
afforded but a very limited source of improvement
for the increase and diffusion of knowledge in its
liberal sense. Was there no other institution in
Paris than the Jardin des Plants, which could be taken
as a model? He would refer the honorable senator
to another institution, and one which would better
fulfil the design of the bequest. Look at the wide
and comprehensive body of instruction delivered at
the Sorbonne, (the Faculte des Leltres and Sciences,)
under the auspices of the University of France, the
great fountain of knowledge to which all enlight-
ened strangers repair, and drink in copious libations
of philosophical and practical learning. He was
not conversant with Mr. Smithson's peculiar tastes
or habits; but if he (Mr. S.) was the man of liberal
and general inquiry that he believed him to have
been, he would venture to assert that his resort
was as much to the Sorbonne as to the Jardin des
Plants. And what would he hear there? Would
he not hear lectures on the' sciences of history,
moral philosophy, and government, as well as phys-
ics arid mathematics? The present minister of
France, M. Guizot, had been, if he mistook not, a
lecturer on history—ancient and modern history,
comprehending all the phases of human society—
in this institution. Others had become known
there to the world as much as lecturers, as ministers
of state, worthy of being entrusted with the desti-
nies of nations and mankind.
He would beg leave to ask the gentlemen who
had charge of this great subject, in looking for a
model, to look at such an institution as the
Faculte des Leltres and Sciences at the Sorbonne,
rather than at a special institution like the Jar-
din des Plantes. He had no disposition to depre-
ciate tlio value of the physical sciences; but he in-
sisted upon it that the moral and political sciences
were equally important, and, if any distinction was
to be drawn, more important.. At a very early pe-
riod of his life, he was struck with a graphic re-
mark made by the great Commentator on English
law, m illustrating the fitness of associating a pro-
fessorship of law with the university of Oxford—
and his honorable friend from Kentucky [Mr. Crit-
tenden] no doubt well recollected the passage—that
"the sciences are of a sociable disposition, and
flourish best in the neighborhood of each other."
He would make no distinction. He must be
permitted to say that he thought the Senate had
already decided the question in regard to the exten-
sion of this library, by striking out the proviso of
the first section, and the whole of the 8th section,
which provides for professors on the subject of nat-
ural sciences only.
He saw no reason for any distinction between the
moral and physical sciences. If such a library as
was contemplated by the honorable senator from
Massachusetts was established, there would be no
danger ofthe physical sciences being slighted; but he
hoped that, these great moral and political sciences,
which so intimately concern the temporal and eter-
nal destinies of man, would have their appropriate
space in this great receptacle of human knowledge.
He had been led to these remarks because his
firm and solemn conviction was, that we now have
it in our power to do more good to this nation in our
day and generation, by ajudicious and wise applica-
tion of this five hundred thousand dollars, which
has been put into our hands, than by the application
of the twenty-five or thirty millions that we are in the
habit of annually appropriating.
He was glad that it was the sense of the Senate
that this subject should go back to the committee, to
be matured and deliberately acted upon, and that
there, was to be brought forward a plan of some great
and noble foundation, which would realize, to the full-
est extent, the magnificent conception which suggest-
ed this donation. He was opposed to any limitations;
h« was
to any distinctions between th#
