CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
great branches of human knowledge. In the repub-
lic of letters all stood upon a platform of equality;
and if we have a library at all, it should be co-exten-
sive with the limits of human knowledge, and with the
design of the donor—"the increase and diffusion of
of knowledge (of all sound .knowledge) among
men."
Mr. PHELPS suggested a modification of the
amendment proposed by the senator from Kentucky;
It was to shape his proviso so as to say "That, in
in the selection of such'books as were necessary to
form a complete library, due regard should be had
to works of science," &c.
Mr. CRITTENDEN accepted the modification.
Mr. BATES protested against any proviso which
would limit the selection. It was wholly unneces- *
eary, because no great national library could be
complete without the very works alluded to.
Mr. NILES did not think it came within the pur-
pose of the donation to establish a great national
library. If the donor thought that the best way of
increasing and diffusing knowledge among men, he
would have enjoined the establishment of such a
library. He was in favor of a prudent limitation
with regard to that branch of the institution, and
should therefore submit a motion to that effect.
. The question was then taken on Mr. Critten-
den's amendment as modified, and it was rejected—
ayes 15, noes 21.
Mr. NILES now moved to amend the amend-
ment, by limiting the purchase of books to $5,000
annually. ,
Mr. BUCHANAN inquired if $5,000 a year was
to build up a library worthy of the donor, this na-
tion, and this age?
The amendment was rejected." -
The question now reverted on Mr. Choate's
amendment, and it was adopted.
Mr. TAPPAN, before the motion to recommit
was made, wished to test the sense of the Senate as
to his original plan of adding some of the interest
to the principal so as to make the fund $600,000.
He therefore moved to amend the first section by
adding $91,682 out of the interest due, to the origi-
nal fund, so that the investment should be $600,000.
Mr. CHOATE objected to this as, in effect, cutting
off the means for establishing a national library.
The buildings for the institution, the enclosures of
ground, and the purchase of objects of natural his-
tory, would possibly eonsume so much of the
residue of interest as to leave little or none
for founding the library, or erectiuga suitable build-
ing for one. It might take from $150,000 to $200,-
000 for all these; but till details and estimates were
properly investigated, it would not, in any case, be
prudent to divert the management of this accumula-
ted interest.
Mr. BUCHANAN thought it was desirable, if
it could be done without defeating the objects in-
tended, to increase the capital by this addition of a
part of the interest.
Mr. TAPPAN put his motion in definite form.
Mr. SIMMONS argued that, until some plan was
agreed uppn as to the manner of carrying out the
intention of the donor, it would be highly impru-
dent to make a permanent investment of means that
might be wanted in the accomplishment of the ob-
ject.
.Mr. TAPPAN urged that $117,000 of the inter-
est would remain, which could be as much as the
managers would lay out with advantage in the first
year; and for the second, they would have $36,000
on the $600,000. The $6,000 would cover the ex-
penses of lectures and experiments, leaving annu-
ally $30,000 for collecting a library, and the other
puiposes required of the management.
The amendment was rejected.
- Mr. MOREHEAD suggested a renewal of the
amendment, making the addition $41,682, instead
of |91,682, so that the capital fund would be $550,-
000, bearing an interest of $33,008 a year.
After-some conversational discussion on this point,
it w'as agreed to let the proposition go with the of-
fered amendments to the committeee; and
On the motion of Mr. WOODBURY, the bill and
amendments were recommitted to the Committee on
the Library.
On motion, it was agreed that when the Senate
adjourn, it be to Monday next.
'And then the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 9; 1845'.
The journal having been read,
- NICOLET S MAP.
Mr. SIMONS, on leave,' offered the following
resolution; which was considered and i
Resolned, That 1,500 copies of Nicplfct's map of the coim*
try west of the Mississippi river be published Tor the, use of
this House.
On motion of Mr. SAUNDERS,
The bill from the Senate authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to make an arrangement with any
of the sureties on the bonds given to the United
States by Samuel Swartwout, late collector 'of the
customs for the port of New York, was taken,up,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole House.
ILLINOIS RAILROADS.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH gave notice that he
would, to-morrow, or some subsequent day, ask
leave to introduce a bill granting to the State of Illi-
nois certain lands to aid in the construction of the
Mount Carmel and Alton, and the Shawneetown
and Alton railroads.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr.-McKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported the following bills; which were
read the first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union—
viz:
A bill making appropriations for the support of
the army for the year ending the 30th June, 1846;
and
A bill making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending 30th June, 1846.
WASHINGTON COUNTY COURT.
Mr. CALDWELL, by general consent, intro-
duced a bill to change the time of holding the circuit
court of the United States for Washington county
in the District of Columbia: read twice, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. JENKS asked leave to make a report from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads;
but objections being made, it was not received.
Mr. COBB called for the orders of the day.
RE ANNEXATION OP TEXAS.
On motion by Mr. PvATHBUN the House re-
solved itself into a Committee of the Whole, (Mr.
Hopkins in the chair,), and resumed the consideration
of the joint resolution for the reannexation of Texas
to the United States.
Mr. E. S. HAMLIN, who was entitled to the
floor, addressed the committee as follows:
Mr. Chairman: It is unnecessary for me to re-
mark that the qnestion we are considering is one of
importance. Sjhe deep interest it excites, the fear-
ful forebodings which are felt for the result in all
parts of the country, impress us all with a sense of
its magnitude. The question is, whether our old
ship of state, which has so long laid at anchor in
safety, shall be shoved from her moorings to sail
upon an unknown sea. For my part, I desire she
shall remain where she is. I want no change.
The constitution is good enough for me; and I de-
sire the preservation of the Union as it is._'
rIn considering this question, we are met at the
threshold with a constitutional objection, which is
insurmountable. The question is not whether, by
a treaty, Texas may be annexed to this country,
but whether Congress may annex it by resolution,
by bill, or in any form. I eare not in what shape
it is put, what form it assumes. In all the various
propositions which are* pending before the commit-
tee, there is a proposition made on our part, which
must be accepted by Texas before the act can be
consummated. And what is a proposition made by
one party and accepted by another, but a contract?
And, in this government, where is deposited the
power to make contracts with foreign nations? This
power is expressly given to the President and two-
thirds of the Senate. Whether, by the exercise of
this power, a foreign independent nation can be an-
nexed to this Union, it is not necessary now to de-
termine; but if there be a power anywhere to do it,
it is unquestionably lodged in the treaty-making
power^
. .. It is urged that that clause of the constitution
which authorizes the admission of new States into
the Union by Congress, confers power to admit a
foreign State. Why, then, is the word new used?
Why did not the constitution simply say. that Con-
gress may admit nations or states into the Union?
It would seem to me there can be no doubt that
the intention was simply to admit such
new States as should be carved out of
|| territories of the United States; and this view is
strengthened by the fact, that this power is contain-
ed in the same section of the constitution wjiich au-
thorized Congress to dispose of, and make al! need-
ful rules and regulations respecting, the territory or
other property belonging to the United States, and.
that no other powers are granted by this section.
/But it is said, by others, that although by this
section Congress is not authorized to admit foreign
States, still, as power is given to admit new States,
and it is necessary to have territory out of which
these States shall be formed, power is therefore to
be implied to purchase foreign territory out of
which.to form them, else this clause of the constitu-
tion cannot be carried into effect. But why imply
it, when it is contended by all these that express
power is given to another department to do tlie very
thing? Why imply a power in one department of the
government to do what another department is expressly
authorized to do? This is carrying the doctrine of
implied powers beyond what the most latitudinarian
whig ever claimed.
It is contended by some, that if power is given by
the consti ution to annex Texas, it is of no conse-
quence by what department of the governmsnt it is
done. This is a dangerous doctrine. The stability
of our'institutions depends upon eaeh department
of the government walking in the sphere marked out
for it by the constitution. If one department usurp
the rights of another, our government will soon be a
consolidated despotism- Hear what General Wash-
ington, in his farewell address, says upon this
point: -
"It is important, likewise, that the habits of thinking in a
free country should inspire caution in those intrusted "with
its administration, to confine themselves within their respec-
tive spheres, avoiding, in the exercise of the powers of one
department, to encroach upon another. The spirit of en*
croachment tends to consolidate the powers of all the de-
partments in one, and thus to create, whatever the form of
government, a real despotism. If, in the opinion of the peo-
ple, the distribution or modification of the constitutional
powers be in any particular wrong, let it be corrected by an
amendment in the way which the constitution designates.
But let there be no change b)^ usurpation; for, though this,
in one instance, may be the instrument of good, it is the
customary weapon by which free governments are des-
troyed. The precedent must always greatly overbalance in
permanent evil any partial or transient benefit which the
use can at any time yield." ~ .
This, sir, is the language of one, who, "though
dead, yet speaketh." It is a voice from the other
side of Jordan, to which we should listen. It
would almost seem that the author, when he wrote
this address—especially what I'have just read, and
that part which urges upon us to "observe good
faith and justice towards all nations," to cultivate
peace and harmony with all, and that morality and
religion, as well a  good policy enjoin it upon us
—wan wrapt in prophetic vision, in which he
saw the condition and jeopardy which the coun-
try is now in. I trust its truths will not be unheed-
ed in the decision of" the question which we soon
shall be called to make;
/ (Another doctrine has been advanced here calcu-
lated to alarm the friends" of constitutional govern-
ment. It is, that their exists in Congress a self-pre-
serving'power, which is above all law and constitu-
tion. This doctri e was advanced by the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Belser,1 who first ad-
dressed us. Another gentleman, also from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Payne,] gave utterance to the same sen-
timents. He said there must exist, in all nations,
a self-preserving power; and as, by'the United States
constitution, it was deposited nowhere else, it must
reside in Congress. That there exists in all na-
tions a self-preserving power, none doubt. But the
question arises, where is that power in this nation?
Where does it reside? He says with Congress, I
say in the people. It is among the reserved powers.
It is nowhere granted to Congress. It is where
such a power always should be—with the people.
They are the only safe depositaries of it; they can
use it; and they have agreed upon the fSrm in
which they will use it; and that is by amending the
constitution itself, if it shall be found, to. be insuffi-
cient to protect the interests of the country, and
preserve its well-being? •7 _ . .
/A gentleman from'Pennsylvania also gave utter-
ance to a similar sentiment. He said that public
sentiment was the great law of this and every free
government, and was much better than any .written
law. To public sentiment I would ever bow with
deference; but while the oath we take is to support
the constitution of the United States, I cannot vio-
late that instrument, although public sentiment
should be in favor of my doing so. Public senti-
ment, to be obeyed, must be in accordance with the
constitution, and its voice conveyed through consti-
