CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is no prosperity, no happiness, for the people of the
West, except in the maintenance of that constitu-
tion. 1 cannot see how that constitution can be
maintained without guarantying to every section of
the Union the undisturbed enjoyment of its consti-
tutional rights. We desire the annexation of this
territory because it will open an extensive market
for the West and Northwest, for the rich produc-
tions of our soil—a market for the agricultural pro-
ductions of the West and the manufactures of the
North. If there was any section of the, Union
which would be peculiarly injured by annexa-
tion, it would be the South; it would diminish the
value of their lands, by throwing into competition
with them the vast quantities of the rich land of
Texas; but that was no objection with him to the
measure. He held that they were bound not only
to violate none of, the guaranties given to that insti-
tution by the constitution, but to take all the
steps necessary to guaranty,to them the undisturb-
ed enjoyment of it. If it became necessary
to annex a portion of the territory north of the
United States to the Union for the purpose of se-
. curing to Vermont and New Hampshire the undis-
turbed enjoyment of their rights under the consti-
tution, he would not hesitate to annex. Even now,
if it Was true that the annexation of Texas to the
Union was for the purpose of securing to the South
the enjoyment of her constitutional rights, he de-
clared to the world he would not hesitate for a mo-
ment to vote for it. They were as much bound to
guaranty the undisturbed possession of that right as
of any other right under the constitution.
The objection of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia,[Mr. J. R. lNGERsoLL,]-for whom he had a high
regard, was ,that this measure was calculated to
extend our territory, and thereby weaken the chains
which bind us together. Would the experience of
this country sustain the gentleman in his conclu-
sion that such would be the effect? At the time of
the- adoption of the federal constitution we were
thirteen States. . We had gone on adding new
ones, until now we had twenty-six States: and
was the Union less strong to-day than at that time?
Would any gentleman tell him that the new States
of the Union were less attached to the Union than
the old States? In no section of the country were
the inhabitants more devotedly attached to the Union
than in the Far West. Not the extension of our
territory would produce no such" effect. These
were the arguments which were used here in 1793,
when it was proposed to send out Gen. Wayne (fa-
miliarly called "Mad Anthony") to give protection
to the free white settlers north of the Ohio river.
Gentlemen had then said, as the gentleman from
■Pennsylvania did, that the extension of our terri-
tory so far from the centre, would weaken the bands
that bound us together: and they said more; they
said, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania had done
with reference to Texas, that our lands in that region
were poor and unproductive. Even m 1802, when
his native State was admitted into the Union, it had
been said of Ohio that it was an unproductive country,
designed by the God of heaven as the abiding place
of the red man. But little more than forty years had
elapsed, and the last red man had disappeared from
the limits of that State; and before the industry and
energy of their fathers, the wilderness had been
made to bud and blossom as the rose; and in all
that etevated man in the scale of social being, Ohio
stood foremost. Extend your institutions to Texas
—bring them back into the American family—let
them sit down under your vine and fig-tree, and
who shall estimate the might and power of the
States to be made out of her territory m a few years
hence? No; there was no danger to be apprehended
from the extension of our territory; on the contrary,
new States being added, would but increase and
strengthen the Union.
But it had often been said by gentlemen from the
North that the annexation of Texas to the Union
would dissolvetheUnion; and that this was the object
of those men who first started the question; that the
democratic party of this country—the men who had
always been found foremost in the fight when the
honor of the country was at stake,—that these men
desired to dissolve the Union. And who stood at
their head, promine t among them, advocating the
annexation of Texas, which was to be attended
with so' fearful consequences? It was the man of
the Hermitage, the hero of New Orleans, the man
who. had served his country long and faithfully, in
the field of battle and in the councils of the nation—
that old man now standing on the verge of the
grave, and about to pass ,to that bourne whence no
traveller returns,—that he was seeking to dissolve
the Union! There stands that old chieftain, with a
brand in his hand, and about to burn down the
beautiful temple of liberty erected upon the blood of
our fathers; and who stayed his arm? Why, Daniel
Webster, of Massachusetts! He, who had sat in
this hall of legislation in the second War of inde-
pendence, (the war of 1812,) and voted against ap-
propriations for the prosecution of that war—who
could vote against the rebuilding of this Capitol, af-
ter it had been burned down by the British,—that
man had become the defender of the Union! God
save this republic if it had fallen into the keeping Of
•uch hands!
But we were told again, if we annexed>Texas to
to this Union, we would be involved in a war, and
that we were trampling on the rights of Mexico.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. C. B. Smith]
had said it was true that every administration, from
1819 to the present, had been attempting to pur-
chase Texas, but that this was the first attempt that
had ever been made to "rol>" Mexico. What
claim, he asked, had Mexico upon this territory?
The people of Texas had declared their indepen-
dence,and established afreeconstitution;the Mexican
republic of 1824 had adopted a constitution guaran-
tying to all the nineteen States of that confederacy
the undisturbed enjoyment of their rights; and un-
der that constitution, inducements being held out to
the people of our country, they wentthere and settled,
having'the written promise of the constitution that
they should enjoy the same liberties there as in their
native land. Instead of that constitution of 1824
being administered, Santa Anna's heel was
on the imperial purple; he declared himself
dictator; with his his unhallowed feet he trampled
on the constitution of 1824; this gallant people of
Texas raised the flag of resistance, and on the
bloody plains of St. Jacinto they proved themselves
worthy of their illustrious ancestry. Now, after
having resisted and defeated all the efforts of the
bloody tyrant—after having broken the chain with
which Santa Anna had attempted to bind them—
now, after being recogniged by almost every gov-
ernment of the world as a free and independent
state, to annex it to* the Union, in the estimation of
the gentleman from Indiana, was robbery! a cold-
blooded, highway robbery! So did our ancestors
rob Great Britain of her uch possessions in North
America. Was the.declaration of independence,
which was promulgated to the world on the 4th of
July, 1776, nothing but a highway robbery? He
supposed if the gentleman had lived in that day,
he would have resisted this attempt to rob Great
Britain of these colonies in America!
But we were to have a war with Mexico as a con-
sequence of this annexation, it was alleged.
Mexico, now torn by intestine dissensions, her
bloody tyrant driven into exile, was to engage in a
war with the United States! and was to be backed
in that war by England, because England did not
choose to stand by indifferently while that war was
raging. He desned no war; but war, with all its
horrors, was far preferable to a disgraceful peace. I
would rather (said Mr. W.) see this country in-
volved in all the horrors of blood, and the American
soil drenched in the blood of our own people, than
to see the national honor tarnished by tamely sub-
mitting to the dictation of any foreign power. No;
if we are involved in a war in attempting to bring
back to the American family those who have been
unfortunately exiled from it—if this is to bring us
into a war, for one, I say, let that war come; ay, let
it come: we will have right and justice on our side,
and the God of our fathers will go with us and help
us anew. We have met Great Britain in times past,
when our number was few and our resources scan-
ty, and we have triumphed; we have proved the
truth that—
"Freedom's battle onee begun,
Bequeathed from bleeding sire to son,
Though battled oft, is ever won "
And now take that American flag, those stars and
stripes whicKfloat over this Capitol—that flag that
has never been disgraced by an inglorious surren-
der; plant it on the eastern bank of t \e Rio del Norte;
and if a foreign foe come to attack it, the hardy sons
of the West, and of the Southwest, nursed in dan-
ger, inured to hardships, will rush to its defence;
under that flag we will gather with the indomitable
ardor, with the invincible courage which character-
ized our fathers when 'they shook off the yoke of
English bondage. No; there was no danger of war
with England from this source.
If he did not believe that this measure was cal-
culated, when carried out, to operate benefically .up->
on all the interests of the country, he, should be
unwilling to give his vote for it. Although he Jiad'
submitted a proposition to this committee, yet he
was by no means wedded to that form. The fornt
was immaterial. He did not believe there was now;
a single proposition before the committee wnich.
violated the constitution he had sworn to support,
and' for which he could not cheerfully give his vote
when called on as a representative-to do so. This'
measure was one which, in his judgment, the Amer-
ican people had pronounced upon. It was now sub-
mitted to their representatives. They of the dem-
ocratic party, however widely they might differ asf
to the manner, he trusted we would unite on some
plan in which they could carry out the judgment
of the American people.
There never was, in his judgment, a great question
more fairly presented to the consideration of- the
people than this one had been. It had received
their sanction, and it now became their representa-
tives to act in conformity to their, will without suf-
fering technical objections to defeat their object.-
Suppose that he, standing on some technical objec-
tions, were to record his "vote against this measure,
and going back to his constituents, they would aslc
him if he had voted in obedience to their,instruc-
tions, and his answer should' be, no, for that some
technical objection stood- in the way: what woultl
their answer be? They would say, "we decided at
the ballot-boxes in favor of this measure—we virtu-
ally instructed you to carry it through; and did it
become you, as our representative, to suffer mere
technicalities to interfere with'your duty to those
you represent, and prevent the accomplishment of a
great scheme of national policy?
There were many questions connected with this
subject, upon which he intended to give his "senti-
ments; but, finding himself so much exhausted
he should not be able to go into them; but he would
beg leave to say, he trusted that every member of
the committee, (he meant the democratic party,)
would come up to this question in a spirit of com-
promise and concession. Let us, said he, do noth-
ing to thwart the wishes of the people, and endeavor,
by cultivating a spirit of conciliation and harmony,
to perfect the great measure which they' have so
unequivocally decided in favor of. He stood ready
to record his vote for any measure that would carry
out the popular will.
Mr. BRENGLE, after referring to the importance
of the question before the committee, observed that
in discussing it he should avoid all party or sec-
tional considerations. It was a question involving
the preservation of the constitution, and the integrity
of the Union. He knew no North and no South,
no Massachusetts and no South Carolina, in refer-
ence to the subject before the House; for it was em-
phatically a question of the constitution and of the
integrity of the Union. All other guestions, which
had been brought into debate dwindled into inde-
scribable insignificance, "when compared with it-
Many of the friends of this measure, in their desire
to bring it within the constitutional power of Con-
gress, had adduced the argument that it was neces-
sary for our national preservation. -He would ob-
serve that the framers of the constitution considered
that the preservation of our national existence de-
pended on keeping the government within the lim-
its of the powers there given to it, and confining
each branch of it to its proper sphere of action-
What right had Congress to say that powers not
granted to it were necessary to our national prser-
vation? The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Drom-
goole,] on introducing his bill, observed that it was
in accordance with the terms on which Vermont
was admitted into the Union, and that Vermont was,
when admitted, a foreign State. The gentleman
was mistaken in point of fact; for when Vermont
come into the Union she was not a foreign territory-
She was within the limits of the territory described
in the treaty of 1793, and was a part a part of the
old thirteen colonies which rebelled againsit Great
Britain. It was true that there was a dispute
whether Vermont was within the chartered limits
of New York of New Hampshire; but no one
doubted but that her territory was -within one or the
other of them.
\Jt was now, for the first time, contended that th'e
power to admit a"foreign~Sfate into the Union was
granted by the constitution. If such was the fact,
why did Mr. Jefferson entertain doubts as to the
power to acquire the territory of Louisiana? Was
he to be told that the great constitutional politician
Thomas Jefferson, whose whole mind labored tb
