CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■was independent of Mexico, and free to treat with
us, and that her independence had been maintained
for more than eight years, without any agression
from Mexico that deserved the name of a war.
There could be, in his opinion, no doubts on this
point. . We possess (said Mr. D.) the constitutional
power to annex Texas either as a Territory or a
State;and Texas has not only the ability to dispose
of herself by forming an alliance with us, but she
is ready ana willing to do so. The only question,
therefore, to be considered, was that of the expe-
diency of the measure; and that, he apprehended,
was too plain to require an argument to prove it-
He had expected to hear something from the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Sample] on the subject
of slavery, and he was not mistaken; but he must
here be permitted to say that the doctrines avowed
by him he repudiated with all his heart. The gen-
tleman told the committee that this was a sectional
question; that it was a local question; and that it was
a question of slavery. Now, if the question was
either of these, it never would have received his
sanction. However much he regretted the course
taken by a distinguished gentleman at the other end
of the avenue, (Mr. Calhoun,) in regard to this
question, and the tenderfcy of that course to weaken
and injure the cause in which he displayed so much
zeal, yet he would never agree with him that it was
either a local or a slavery question. It was, in his
opinion, purely a national question, calculated to,
promote the interests of the . whole country,
and was supported by a majority of the
people at large, without regard to sectional
interests or sectional feelings. The honorable gen-
tleman alluded to the treaty made in 1842 by this
amalgamation administration, by which a valuable
portion of our territory was surrendered to a for-
eign power. Of this he had nothing to say, further
than that he did not stand silently by and witness
a disgraceful surrender of his country's rights.
What induced this government to give the Yan-
kees $300,000 for the contemptible privilege of re-
linquishing five millions of acres of our acknowl-
edged territory to the British government, he could
not say; but he knew that the transaction was
viewed with the deepest indignation by the Ameri-
can people, and that the disgyace and infamy of it
never would be forgotten. CAfter speaking in the
most glowing terms of the value of Texas to the
Union, its unexampled fertility of soil, its salubri-
ty of climate and extent of territory, together with
the inducements it will, in the event of annexation
to the United States, hold out to agricultural, man-
ufacturing, and commercial enterprise, Mr. D. ob-
served that he had hastily glanced at the various'
topics connected with this subject, and had shown
that we possessed the constitutional power, and that
Texas possessed the ability and will to unite her
with us. He had also shown that there were induce-
ments for the acquisition of this territory of the
most powerful nature; and he would simply re-
mark to those gentlemen who talked so loudly of
republican institutions and so sneeringly of the
idea of "enlarging the area of freedom," that his
philanthropy was not bounded by their narrow
viijjys.
(Qne of the greatest inducements with him to an-
nex Texas was, that they might extend the bless-
ings of civil, political, and religious liberty which we
enjoy. He would rejoice to see our free institu-
tions extended throughout this continent. He
would tell gentlemen on the other side, that the
march of free institutions was onward; and it would
keep up with the march of mind. His anxious de-
sire was to add State to State; and it required no
great stretch of the imagination to anticipate the an-
nexation not only of Texas and Oregon, but of No-
va Scotia, New Brunswick; the Canadas, and even
Mexico; and all the other possessions on t-feis conti-
nent,even to the polarregions. The light ofliberty and
the power of freedom must be felt by all the nations
on this continent, and they would yet arise in their
majesty and shake off the shackles which have
bound them, and assume the rank which it was in-
tended they should occupy by nature and by na-
ture's God.
There was still one question which he would dis-
cuss if he had the time to do so—the question of sla-
very. It was a question which he had no disposition
to dodge; but if he had time, he would meet it boldly
and fairly. He now would give it as his deliberate
opinion, that if they annexed Texas the course of
slavery would be restricted. Texas was a slave
country, and he believed the climate of a portion of
Texas required and was peculiarly adapted for slave
labor: he did not believe a portion of it eould be cul-
tivated by white::; and he also believed that if our
country required it, it- was our duty to prescribe
slavery. But he also believed that, if Texas was an-
nexed, in twenty years Virginia, Maryland, Dela-
ware, and Kentucky would be rid of their slave pop-
ulation; and on this ground annexation was desira-
ble.
Here the gentleman's hour expired.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY next obtained the floor;
and he moved that the committee rise.
Tellers were called for, and Messrs. Thomasson
and Tibbatts were appointed; and they reported 73 ■
in the affirmative, and 49 in the negative.
The committee accordingly rose, and reported
progress.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a commu-
tion from the President of the United States, in an-
swer to a resolution of the House of Representa-
tives of the, 4th June last, requesting the President
to cause to be communicated to the House a copy of
the instructions to George W. Erving upon his ap-
pointment as minister plenipotentiary to Spain, in
the year 1814, and. afterwards during his mission
to that court, which have not been heretofore made
public. The report and the accompanying papers
were very voluminous.
Mr. ADAMS moved that they be laid on the
the table and printed; which was agreed to.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. JENKS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a joint resolution au-
thorizing and directing the accounting officer of-the
Post Office Department to inquire into, audit, and
settle the claims of Alexander M. Cumming, late
mail contractor. It was read twice, and committed
to the Committee of the Whole.
EXECUTIVE MANSION.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, reported a bill making an
appropriation for furnishing, painting, and repair-
ing the executive mansion, and for other purposes.
It was read twice, and committed to the Committee
of the Whole of the Union, and was ordered to_be
printed.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. JOS. A. WEIGHT: The papeis in the application
of Thomas Bronaugli, of Hendricks county, Indiana, lor a
pension: referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. HANNIBAL HAMLIN: The petition of John E.
Godfrey and 158 others, for the reduction of postage on all
letters not weighing over half an ounce, to ten cents. Also
the petition of Dexter Farron and sundry other members of
the legislature of Maine, for the erection of a light-house at
the entrance of Gilkey'a harbor
By Mr. UR1NNKLL: The petition of Mary Brings, of
Rochester, Massachusetts, •widow of Arnold Briggs, a revo-
lutionary soldier, for a pension.
By Mr. ABBOTT: The petition of the Maine, New Hamp-
shire, and Massachusetts .Railroad corporation, for refund-
ing duties on railroad iron.
By IVir. MACLAY: The petition of sundry citizens of New
York for a reduction of postage, and the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. ANDREW STEWART: The petition and docu-
ments of Thomas Gregg, of Fayette county, Pennsylvania,
in relation to a "ball-proof vessel"invented by him: referred
to tire Committee on Naval Artairs.
By Mr. HERRICK: The petition of Daniel Remick and
seventy others, citizens of Massachusetts and Maine, for a
light-house at the entrance of Kennebunk harbor, in said
State of Maine. Also the petition of Demond, Howe, & Co ,
and thirty other citizens of Massachusetts, for the same ob-
ject: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. JOHN STEWART: The petition of Thomas
Ranson, and ninety -three others, citizens of northern Ohio,
praying Congress for an appropriation, at their present ses-
sion, for completing a harbor at the mouth of Chagrin
river, in the county of Lake, and State of Ohio: referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. A. A- CHAPMAN: The petition of Mrs. Phebe
Pack, ot the State ot Ohio, praying for a pension: referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 11, 1845.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. HARALSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, asked leave to make a report from that
committee.
Mr. PARMENTER objected, unless reports
were received generally.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved that the rules be
suspended for one hour for the purpose of calling
the committees for reports; which was agreed to,
REPORTS OF COMMITTEE
On motion of Mr- DROMGOOLE, _ _
Ordered, That the Committee of Ways aad Means be Ais*
charged from the consideration of the petition of Alexander;
Herbert, and thqt it be laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. NORRIS,
Ordered^ That the. Committee, of Ways and Means he dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition o,f citizens of
Massachusetts for the completion of the Sandy bay "break-
water;*and that it be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. ' -
On motion ofMr. WELLER,
Oi-dered, That the Committee of Ways and Means be dis-
charged from the consideration of the memorial of William
Noras & Co, and that it be laid on the table. .
Mt. VANCE, from the Committee of Claims, tc>
which was' referred Senate bill for the relief of Wil-
liam Rich, reported the same with a recommenda-
tion that the bill do not pass: referred to the Com'
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered- to be
printed. -
Also, an adverse reportsupon the petition of.Rich-
ard G. Door and Martha Foot; which reports were
laid on the table.
Mr. THOMASSON, from the same committee,'
made adverse reports upon the petitions of S. Cal-
vert Ford and of the widow of Southey Parker, de-
ceased; which reports were laid on the table. _ ;
Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS, from the Committee ,oa
Public Lands, reported a bill to change the boundary
of the Red river land district, in the State of Arkan-
sas. . .
Mr. D. moved the engrossment, at this time, of
the bill.
The reading was called for; and it was read by the
Clerk.
The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
Mr. BOYD, from the same committee, reported a
bill authorizing the President of the United States to
issue patents for land sold in the town of Mineral
Point,- in the Territory of Wisconsin; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and order-
ed to be printed.
On his motion, the committee were discharged
from the'petition of certain citizens of Illinois in ref-
erence to their school lands; and it was laid on tha
table.
ATMOSPHERIC RAILWAYS.
Mr. HOLMES, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to authorize the importation,.
free of duty, of pipes and machinery to test the
utility of atmospheric railways.
Mr. H. said, as this bill authorized the importa-
tion of iron without coming in conflict with any
iron interest, he begged the House would at onco
put it on its passage. It so happened that there was
now an experiment being made in England of what
was called the atmospheric railroad. In this coun-
try we were disposed to try . the utility of these
roads; their success was not yet ascertained. South
Carolina, with that patriotism which had urged hei*
to commence the first railroad and the first-locomo-
tive in the United States, by which a great stimulus
had been given to the locomotives of the United
States, was now disposed, in the same spirit of pa-
triotic ardor, to make a new attempt to encourage
domestic manufactures and promote the iron works.
And let him state to the iron gentlemen that the
Committee on Commerce (composed pretty much
of iron men) unanimously recommended to allow
the importation, free of duty, of the railroad pipeg
and machinery requisite to test, for one mile, the ef-
ficacy of atmospheric railroad locomotion; and if it
were granted, we will undertake, (said Mr. H.,) in
South Carolina, to try the experiment—not for pur
benefit, but for the benefit of the whole Union—with
that patriotism which they knew always character-
ized South Carolina.
The bill was read by the Clerk.
Mr. PRESTON KING moved to refer the bill to
the Committee ^of the Whole on the state of tha
Union.
Mr. B1DLACK said he would detain the House
but a moment. As the gentleman who had pre-
sented this bill had made a particular reference td
iron men—
Mr. HOLMES begged pardon. He did not mean
that the gentleman was a cast-iron man, [laughter;]
but he referred to the gentlemen respecting iron in-
terests.
Mr. BIDLACK resuming, said he, as one of
those who represented iron interests, had no dis-
position to discourage this experiment, if there was
