124
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nothing niore in 'the bill than represented by the
gentleman; but he thought, as far as he could judge
from its reading,-that a fair construction of the terms
of the bill would-allow the company to introduce,
duty, free, not only the pipes, &c. necessary for
one mile, ,but all the machinery necessary on the
Whole road.
Mr. KING was understood to say he did not re-
gard this bill as so important in itself; but he ob-
jected to repealing the tariff in detail. He thought
the bill had better go to a committee.
Mr. BIDLACK called for the reading of the bill
again; which was read.
The question was taken, and the bill was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union—by yeas 82, noes not counted.
RAILROAD CONTRACTS FOR TRANSPORTATION
OF MAIL.
Mr. GR.INNELL, from the Committee on Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a joint resolution
authorizing the Postmaster General of the United
States to contract with railroad companies in certain
cases, without advertising for proposals therefor.
Mr. G. remarking that the resolution was the same
as had passed the House at the last session, moved
that it be now read a third time and passed.
After a momentary conversation between Messrs.
CAVE JOHNSON and GR1NNELL,
The resolution was read a third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS,
Ordered, That the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads be discharged from the consideration of the memorial
of John H. Pennington, for an appropriation for experiments
testing his invention tot navigating the air. Also, that the
memorialist have leave to withdraw the same from the files
of the House.
Mr. BIDLACK, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition and papers of Henry
Richards; which motion was agreed to, and it was
laid on the table.
Mr. SUMMERS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill for the lelief of the sureties
of William Estes, late paymaster of the 4th regi-
ment of Virginia troops, stationed at Norfolk during
the late war: read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
FORTIFICATIONS.
Mr. CLINCH, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill making appropriations for
certain defensive works of the United States, for the
fiscal yepr commencing on the 1st July, 1845, and
ending 30th June, 1846: read twice, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. C. from the same committee, reported
a bill making appropriations for the commence-
ment of defensive works at or near the mouth
of the Genesee river, for the fiscal year commenc-
ing on the first of July, 1845, and ending on the
30th June, 1846: read twice, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. , _
Mr. HARALSON, from the same Committee,
made a favorable report on the case of John H,
Mcintosh, accompanied by a bill for his relief
which was read twice, and referred to the commit-
tee of the Whole House.
RELATIVE RANK IN THE NAVY.
Mr. PARMENTER, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a joint resolution concerning
the relative rank of certain officers in the navy; and
moved that it be now put on its passage.
Mr. C.JOHNSON moved to amend it by ad-
ding a proviso, that such increased rank shall not
be accompanied by increased pay; which amend-
ment being agreed to— j
The resolution was read the third time, and
passed.
CAT-O'-NINE-TAILS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. PARMENTER, from the Commute on Na-
val Affairs, submitted a resolution requesting the
Secretary of the Navy to report to the House what
substitute, if any, might be made for corporal pun-
ishment in the navy, without endangering the dis-
cipline of the service: agreed to.
NAVY CONTRACTORS.
Mr. ATKINSON, from the same committee, re-
ported without amend ment the bill from the Senate
entitled "An act to afford relief to certain contract-
ors of the government;" and the same was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
union.
On motion of Mr. DAVID L. SEYMOUR, the
Committee on Invalid Pensions was discharged from
the further consideration of several cases that had
been referred to that committee; and the same were
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. RUSSELL, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, offered a bill for the relief of the widow
Hannah Duboise; and after being read the second
time, Mr. R. said this was the same bill, verbatim,
which had been reported the last session, and subse-
quently passed this House unanimously. But it
being late in the session, (in June,) it was not
reached in the Senate; he therefore asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to have it read the third
time, and that the bill be engrossed.
This bill, however, contained an appropria-
tion. It was necessary that it should go to the
Committee of the Whole House. It was ac-
cordingly so committed; and the bill and report
were ordered to be printed, and made the order of
the day for to-morrow.
Mr. R. also offered a bill for the relief of March
Farrington; which having been read twice, the bill
and report were ordered to be printed, and made the
order of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. R. also offered a bill for the relief of Henry
N. Halsted; which having been read the second
time, the bill and report were ordered to be printed,
and made the order of the day for to-morrow.-
Mr. R, also made a report -on the application of
William Allen, adversely to the prayer of the peti-
tioner. The report was ordered to be printed, the
papers laid upon the table, and the committee dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Justice Jacobs; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee of the Whole House.
On motion by Mr. BRINKERHOFF, the same
committee was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of Aaron Rollins.
Mr. J. B. HUNT, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, made an adverse report on the memorial of
Econchattimico, an Indian chief; and the committee
was discharged from the further consideration
thereof.
Mr. ASHE, from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, reported a bill placing the name of Benjamin
Allen on the roll of invalid pensioners; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole.
On motion by Mr. ALBERT SMITH, the same
committee was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of the heirs of Charles
Rumsey.
Mr. BUP^KE, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, made a report on the subject of preparing in-
dices forpublic documents; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUNGBRFORD, from the Committee on
Accounts, offered the following resolution; whi.h
was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk be required to enter in a book to
be provided and kept for that purpose, all articles, with the
cost of the .same, he may purchase for the use of this House.
He slip 11 deliver to the chief clerli ail articles necessary for
the clerk's office; to the' postmaster all articles required for
his office, and for the use of members and committees; to the
doorkeeeper all articles required for the use of the hall and
the folding room; and to the sargeant-at arms such articles
as may be necessary forhis office. At the close of each ses-
sion, the clerk shall make abstracts of all articles delivered
to the foregoing persons, and enter the same on the afore-
said book, with the cost thereof. He shall then make an ac-
curate inventory oi all aiticles on hand belonging to the
contingent fund, and enter ths same in said book, with the
cost thereof. The postmaster shall keep an account of all
articles delivered to each member of the House as now re-
quired, also ail account of all articles, with the cost thereof,
which he may deliver to the chairman, inserting his name,
of each committee. At the commencement of each session,
the clerk,'chief clerk, postmasters, doorkeeper, and ser-
geant-at-aii'ii shall respectively account to the Committee
on Accounts for all property of every description belonging
to said contingent fund received by them.
Mi. BOWLIN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Harrison Wilson;
which was read twice, and committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
On the motion of Mr. SIMONS, of the Commit-
tee on Engraving, it was agreed to print 1,500 co-
pies of Nicolet's map of the Upper Mississippi.
- Mr. A. A. CHAPMAN, froni the Committee of
Elections, submitted a resolution, as follovys:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be directed to pay
William L. Goggm per diem and mileage fls a member of
this House from the 4th December, 1843, to the 17th Febru-
ary, 1844, inclusive.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the same committee, ex-
plained why this resolution had been reported.
Mr. Goggin came here to contest the seat of Mr.
Gilmer, and he presented the evidence on which his.
claim was based. He presented the record ob-
tained from the inspectors of elections in every por-
tion of the district, and that evidence showed that
Mr. Goggin was elected. But, on examining that
evidence here, it was found that one of the officers
of election had made a mistake, and consequently
Mr. Goggin's claim was reported _ againsU Now
the question was, was Mr. Goggin justified in com-
ing here to contest the seat of Mr. Gilmer? The
record of the officer showed that he was; and when
such record showed such a state of things, it was
the duty of a candidate, both to his constituents
and the country, to bring the matter before this
House for investigation. The error was the offi-
cer's, and not Mr. Goggin's; and hence the commit-
tee had reported this resolution. He concluding by
moving the previous question.
The SPEAKER announced that the hour had
expired for which the rules had been suspended.
Mr. SUMMERS hoped the House would allow
this question to be decided now. It would be a
saving of time to do so.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
State of the Union, for' the purpose of resuming the
consideration of the resolutions for the reannexation
of Texas.
The motion was agreed to, and Mr. Hopkies
took the chair.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY, who had the floor from
yesterday, said he was opposed to the proposition
before the House—to every proposed amendment
of that proposition—and to annexation in any shape
or form in which it might be presented- The gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Dean,] who addressed the
committee yesterday/{had undertaken to define the
position of the party with which he (Mr. K.) was
associated on this and other questions; and fortu-
nately for the country, it was known on what plat-
form thev had stood. They stood where their po-
litical forefathers had ever stood; when there was to
be an "extension of the area of freedom," or the
principles of freedom, in every age of the world.
It was true they did not belong to the party of "pro-
gressive democracy" of which they had heard
something on this floor; it was .their pride and
pleasure to stand where their forefathers had stood;
but he did not think the gentleman from Ohio, or
any of his forerunners in this debate, had been so
fortunate as to define their own position on this
or any other question during the present session.J
It had been prophesied that the present session of
Congress would become one of great and paramount
interest to the people of this country and of T exas, in
reference to this question of annexation; and the
opinion had also been expressed, that this Congress,
when assembled, would find nothing to do but to
register the edicts of the people, as they were said to
have been pronounced in the result of the late elec-
tion. They were told that the day of argument was
gone by, and that they had nothing to do but to
carry out the judgment of the people; but, since they
had come here, a very different temper began to
prevail amongst the democratic party on this floor.
It was now no longer so clear that this question had
been determined by the people, and that their course
was shaped out for them by the hand which usually
shaped out the legislation of this House. _ They
found gentlemen here invoking inquiry into this mat-
ter, that some reasons might be given to satisfy the
still unsatisfied. Why, they had some doubts yet
existing as to \fhat were the issues of the election of
1844. Some gentlemen found it a profitable subject
of dispute here; and any gentleman who had listen-
ed to the debates here on the proposition to allow
railroad iron to be introduced free of duty, and on
the sub-treasury, would find there existed an edi-
fying contrariety of opinion as to what were the
issues of 1844. He had proof, too, in the message
of Governor Porter, of Pennsylvania, that he was of
opinion that if the people had supposed Mr. Polk,
the President elect, was not in favor of the tariff of
1842, they would not have elected him. They had
likewise another papei which excited a good deal of
interest, at the present time^ in relation to the issues
of 1844—the message of the Governor of New
York; and he begged gentlemen who were skilled in
deciphering such things to tell him what the
understanding in New York was, of the issues
of 1844. They were told in that message
