CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
that the two great parties of the country had been
fairly pitted upon well known principles, and' meas-
ures of policy which divide them; and the election
was decided c>n the well known previous opinions
aild principles of the candidates; and it went on to give
them one short paragraph, .which he supposed had
some reference to'the annexation of Texas; but it
was distinctly a,message of non-committalism, which
defied the most ingenious to explain. It reminded
him of a man that they had once in their State; he
was a very excellent man, whose misfortune it was
to be pla ced upon the-bench—a man who was more
distinguished for goodness of heart than for legal
knowledge; and for Sixteen years he sat beside the
ehiefjustice without once expressing an opinion.
But it happened on one occasion that some members
of the bar were desirous to furnish some diversion
for the bystanders in the court, and they got up a
case, and placed it before the good old gentleman as
an intrinsic question of law on which they desired
his opinion. They argued the question on both
sides, and then it became necessary that he should
charge the jury, which he did in* this fashion: Gen-
gentlemen, this is a case of vast importance—
the issues have been very distinctly made—the
counsel have argued them with great ability—
and it now becomes my duty to pronounce a direction
to the jury on the subject. You have-heard the law
clearly and precisely stated by the counsel on both
sides, and my direction is, that you find accordingly.
[Laughter.] And equally as clear was the message
of Gov. Wright. He (Mr. K.) thought he under-
stood the issues of 1844 before he came here, but
now, from all he could gather, they were, Mr.
Polk is elected; and that was about all that could be
fairly inferred from that election, thereby furnishing
the democratic party with a charter to.carry out any
principles which the politics of the day might ren-
der necessary.
He had recently seen a letter from "Washington
to the Richmond Enquirer, which furnished evi-
dence of the unanimity which prevailed in the demo-
cratic party in relation to the question of annexation.
The letter seemed to come from one who had
become, by some means or other, well versed in
the mysteries and private consultations on this sub-
ject. That letter was written before the holydays,
and it announced the perplexities which prevailed
at that time. It gave .the names of parties
ta whom they had been referred for adjustment, and
then prophesied that, by new year's day, they would
be brought into a state of harmony, and then they
were to have some "thunder"—democratic thunder
—which would make every British advocate in this
land, and every other land, to tremble, from Sir Rob-
ert Peel down to Mr. Winthrop. [Laughter.] Well
now, he (Mr. K.) was somewhat of an amateur in
these grand convulsions of nature, and he perceiv-
ed with some degree of gratification the announce-
ment that they were to have some thunder; he was
anxious to see the commotion which the Jupiter
Tonans of the question—the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs—and his auxiliaries were
to create through the whole hemisphere in which
they lived. Well, the thunder had come; but after
two days' exhibition of it, it was well-nigh exhaust-
ed; and if it had not been for the philanthropy of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. R. In-
gersoll,] who replenished the cauldron with mate-
rials of combustion, it would have been totally si-
lenced. They had had some since; but he thought he
-had heard better "thunder." The thunder of the
theatres was better when it was necessary there to
get up a storm by the vibration of tin-plates, and
create lightning with sulphur and saltpetre. The
thunder which they had had, he was happy to see
had not annihilated his friend from Massachusetts,
[Mr. WiMTHROPj] and possibly the next steamer
might bring intelligence that Sir" Robert Peel had
escaped the threatened danger.
But with whatever .indifference or neglect the
people of the United States may have received this
proposition of annexation when it was first sub-
mitted to their consideration, when it sprang into
existence under the nursery of that accidental func-
tionary who was at least its foster father, whoever
might be the legitimate father of the "old annexa-
tion," of which the gentleman from Illinois had
spoken—however it may have been disparaged while
under his care, partaking somewhat of the feeling
which the public attributed to him who made it his
boast,that he came into power without a party, and
of whom he (Mr. K.) prophesied that he would
abdicate power without a friend—it . had grown to
be a question of great and vital importance so the
people of this country, exciting hopes and animat-
ing fears both of friends and fSes. So" absorbing
had the "quesUon beconiej that many of" our greatest
and best citizens were looking with fear and trem-
bling; and thousands and ten of thousands of the best
patriots in this land were looking to the proceedings
of Congress with deep feelings -and many rayers
for a safe deli *erance.
He thought he must be a most careless observer
of the signs around him who did not see doubt of
the popular censure, distrust of the rashness of the
proceeding, pervading the action of those who had
come-here professing to be particular friends of this
measure. (They could Till see a disposition if pos-
sible to escape every practicable measure of an-
nexation, and go to some abstract proposition. " The
intrinsic difficulties were greatly enhanced by the
events that had taken place since the subject had
first come under consideration. The struggle was
not so milch to find a way to admit Texas into the
Union, as it was to find a way to admit her in spite
of. the Senate's veto. The Senate stood in the way
of if; and it was not the first time that a whig Senate
of this country had put strict construction to its
trumps to evade the constitution of - the land.
We had seen such struggles as had never been
witnessed before. \Jbese embryo schemes, these
artful devices, were to do—what' To get round the
constitution of the United StatesJ Mr. K. referred
to Swift's "Tale of a Tub," and read at some
length, amid much merriment of the House, the
artful and profound consultations there recorded
with reference to the three constructions of the will
in question, as illustrative of what he alleged the
quibbles and prevarications with which it was at-
tempted by the friends of this measure to get around
the constitution of the United States? Now he
begged leave to give a caution to the friends of thi3
question. There were too many schemes before
this House, as was declared by the voice which had
come from the Hermitage. Now, since we had
heard the crack of the whip from the West, there
was imminent danger, if we did not go immediately
and annex Tcxus, (for her benefit,) or she would
take her benefit into her own'hands, and seek alli-
ance elsewhere; and then it might be we should
have no other means of making Texas happy but
by the sword. How obedient the friends of this
scheme would be to this voice potential, remained
to be seen.
What were these schemes? or why so many?
[Had it ever before been heard that on an ordinary
subject of legislation, or any scheme on which
men had made up their minds, there was to be a
succession forever of contrivances to get it into
some intelligible shape. ; We had some eight or
nine of these—how many more there were in the
portfolios' of gentlemen he was not able to say.
What were they? Beginning with that of the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr. C.
J. Ingersoli,,] he should characterize that as an ex-
pedient-^ happy expedient its author might consid-
er it) by which the House of Representatives and
Senate might, by joint resolution, ratify a treaty
which the treaty-making power had rejected; in
other words, by which they might out, veto the veto
ofthe Senate. Well, that struck at once some of
the tender conciences here with alarm, and they
could not go for it.
Well, immediately after came the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Wf.ller,] which was a
specimen of extending the jurisdiction of the consti-
tution of the United States over foreign lands, (for
it proposed directly to extend it to a foreign land.)
Then stepped in directly the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Douglass,] who, finding exception taken
to this second plan, gave them a scheme by which
we should be enabled to revive a dead treaty
strangling three live ones—to revive the treaty of 1803
by striking down the treaties of 1819, '31, and '38.
But the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Tibbatts]
had made a great discovery: he was not will-
ing to take up exactly the doctrines of the
three preceding plans, and he had given them
a proposition which was considered a very in-
genious mode of shying the constitution, by
admitting Texas as a State under the implied ac-
knowledgment that it could not be admitted as a
territory. Perhaps the gentleman was unconscious
that this violated a resolution which had been
adopted by this House at the last session, that they
had no right to do, indirectly, what the constitution
said they might not do directly. The next plan was
that ofthe gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Belser,]
which was a direct proposition to acoomplish this
object, and which threw down the glove of strict con-
struction to its knights and squires. Of all the plans
submitted here, this met his most cordial approba-
tion. It was frank and manly; if this deed of usur-
pation was to be done, let it .be done with a bold face,
without equivocation, and-with a bared breast to the
issue. He referred to the fact which he alleged,
that the gentleman had made an attempt in the city
of Baltimore to get passed resolutions of censure
upon him (Mr. K.) for having written a letter
against the annexation of Texas, and he ex-
pressed his acknowledgments therefor, as thereby
had been demonstrated what beforfe he had only
conjectured to be true—that the large majority of
his people were opposed to annexation. He felt it
due to the gentleman, however, to say that tljesse
resolutions were not passed b.y him, bu^by some
minions of power in Baltimore, who thought that,
by this small device of passing censure upon him,
they might find favor with John Tyler. Well, the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole] next
came in with what he understood to be a. proposi-
tion which had received great countenance in this
House—to. introduce Texas after the manner of
Vermont., He would not occupy the time with any
history of -the proposition, but surely there was
some difference between Texas and Vermont.' Ver-
mont, a member of the old confederation—Ver-
mont, claimed by two States, her territory embraced
within the territory of New Hampshire and New
York—Vermont on the battlefield of our country
for that freedom which made our Union at all—
Vermont perpetually soliciting Congress througout
the war of the revolution to recognise her as one
of the sister States, and not to consider her tha
mere patrimony of New Hampshire and New
York,—she was broughtin; and the gentleman had
furnished his model of a "proposition, that they
should bring in Texas; but no man in the House
would consent that Iowa or Florida should be
brought in, without a moment's inspection of her
constitution, leaving it altogether contingent, de-
pending upon what she should do hereafter, of
what form or principle that constitution should
bc^,
£Mr. K. proceeded to refer to the constitutional
question. The constitution, of the United States
was silent altogether (he said) upon the question
of the acquisition of territory. If, therefore, there
was a power to acquire territory at all, conveyed in
that instrument, all must admit it to be a power of
implication alonerf Now, Mr. Jefferson denied
that power. Jefferson was a strict constructionist,
and he was not willing to infer so vast and respon-
sible a power as that of taking in a large amount of
territory, under an implication of power derived
from the grants of the constitution. In proof of
this, he referred to Mr. Jefferson's messages
and correspondence; and on examining them, he said
no one could doubt that Mr. Jefferson^ mind waa
made up unequivocally, that there was no power of
this kind. What did he do? Under a great State
necessity, of which every man recognised the ex-
istence and pressure, he acquired Louisiana, with
the full assurance that he would have the acquies-
cence of the American people; and by that, and that
alone, would he be sanctioned in his measure.
There were but three modes by which territory
could be acquired; by conquest, by discovery, or by
cession or transfer. Now he wished to call the at-
tention of the committee to the fact, that in each of
these modes of acquiring territory in every govern-
ment, and especially in ours, if there existed that
power in the constitution, it was of necessity execu-
tive, and not legislative. The power of conquest
had never been tried in this country. We had some
discussion of title by discovery on the Oregon ques-
tion, and that was, he understood, one of the points
made by the friends of that measure. But the power
of conquest or discovery could only be made through
the power to carry on war, (for conquest was the re-
sult of war, and discovery was but a species of con-
quest.) Our power to derive territory by cession or
transfer was as distinctly to be inferred from the
power to make treaties; which, by this government,
was conferred upon the specific organ mentioned in
the constitution. Now, he had heard it contended
upon this floor, especially in a report of a distin-
guished gentleman from South Carolina, [understood
to be Air. Holmes,] that there was no faculty in this
government to fstablish or hold colonies. That, he
believed, was the opinion which obtained a pretty
large adoption among the members of this House,
although it had "never been his opinion. Uf that
were tfiie, that had no j>pw r to hold eojotuw^
