Hs
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
United States to be laid before Cbngreas i&r its final action,
on or before the first day of Januetryy ofle thousand eight
hundred and forty-six,
2. Said State, when admitted into the Union, after ceding
to the United States ail mines, minerals, salt lakes, and
springs, arid also all public edifices, fortifications, barracks,
ports and harbors, navy and navy-yards, docks, magazines,
arms, armaments, and all other property and means pertain-
ing, to the "public defence, belonging to said republic of Tex-
as, jeballretain all the public funds, debts, taxes, and dues of
•very kind, which may belong ted or be due or owing said
republic; and shall also retain aft the vacant and unappro-
priated lands, lying within its limits, to be applied to the
payment of the debts and liabilities of f-aid republic of Texas:
and the residue of said lands, after discharging said debts
and liabilities, to be disposed of as said State may direct; but
in no event aie said debts and liabilities to become a charge
upon the government of the United States.
3. New States, of convenient size, and having sufficient
population, may hereafter, by the consent of said State, be
formed out of the territory thereof, which shall be entitled
to admission under the provisions of the federal constitu-
tion. And such States as may be formed out of that portion
of said territory lying south of thirty six degrees thirty
minutes north latitude, commonly known 3* the Missouri
compromise line, shall be admitted into the Union, with or
■without slavery, as the people of such State asking admis-
sion may desire.
The joint resolutions were read the second time,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a memorial from
James Delano, asking indemnity for losses by
French spoliations prior to 1800: referred to the
Committee on Foreign .Relations.
Mr. WOODBRlDGrE presented a memorial from
sundry citizens of Edwards county, Michigan, pray-'
mg for a reduction of the rates of postage, and
abridgement of the franking privilege: ordered to
lie on the table, a bill having been reported.
Mr. SEVIER presented a petition from 146 citi-
zens of Union county, Arkansas, praying for a mail
route from Eldridge, in that county, to Farmersville,
in Union parish, in the State of Louisiana; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
- Mr. BATES presented a petition from inhabit-
ants of Newton, Massachusetts, on the subject of
annexation; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Also, a memorial from Daniel Weed, and 44
Others, of Ipswich, Massachusetts, praying for the
abolition of slavery and the slave trade in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which, upon the question of re-
ception being raised, was laid upon the table.
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Elira M. Cloud, widow of
ft deceased naval surgeon, praying for the continuation of
her pension, be taken from the files, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CHOATE presented a memorial from the
people of the State of New York, praying that
Texas may not be annexed to the United States:
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MOREHEAD presented a memorial from
Cadwallader Wallace, praying for compensation for
certain lands of which he was deprived under a
treaty of the United States: referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, it was
Ordered, That the papers connected with the claim of J.
Throckmorton, for. remuneration for losses by a failure of
the United States to comply with its contract, be taken from
the files, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a petition from
Comfort Drew, asking for a pension for services in
the revolutionary war: referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. FAIRFIELD, leave was grant-
ed to withdraw from the files the petition of Peter
Frost.
Mr. ALLEN presented a letter addressed to the
Committee on Claims, by William D. Clayton,
concerning his claim against the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Also presented a memorial, signed by a member
of the bar of the county of Huron, Ohio, praying
that that State may be divided into two judicial
districts: referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Also presented the proceedings and resolutions of
a meeting of the citizens of Zanesville, Ohio, in fa-
vor of the annexation of Texas to the United States,
by an act of the present Congress, and for the ex-
tension of the laws of the United States, by the es-
tablishment of a territorial government over the
territory of Oregon: read, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
made adverse reports on the petitions of Catharine
Leavitt, for arrears of pension; Mary Carleton, the
widow of Mosses Carleton, a revolutionary soldier,
| for a pension; and Jacob Fowler, for a pension; and
on the memorial of the citizens of Western Pennsyl-
vania, (once the theatre of the Indian wars,) asking
for an extension of the benefits of the pension laws
to the soldiers in those wars, prior to 1794; which
reports were ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. BATES, the Committee on
Pensions was discharged from the further consider-
ation of the House bill for the relief of Hugh Wallace
Wormley; and it was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BATES, the Committee on
Pensions was discharged from the further consider-
ation of Joseph Veazie.
Mr. MILLER, from theCommittee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which was referred the resolu-
tion of the legislature of Maryland on the subject,
reported a bill to provide for free bridges across the
eastern branch of the Potomac, in the city of Wash-
ington; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading, and to be printed.
Mr. MILLER gave notice that he would, to-mor-
row, ask leave to report a bill for the relief of the
orphan asylum and female school in Alexandria,
District of Columbia.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, with an amendment, the bill
for the better, organization of the district court of
the United States within the State of Louisiana, and
for other purposes.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported back, without
amendment, the joint resolution authorizing the
Postmaster General to make permanent contracts
for transporting the United States mail over rail-
roads.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back, with an amendment, the
bill from the House allowing a drawback on foreign
merchandise exported in original packages to Chia-
huahua and Santa Fe, in Mexico.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the committee on Ore-
gon, reported the following resolution; which was
agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That an act of the British"Parliament, packed in
the forty-third year of the reign of George the Third, en-
titled"an act for extending the jurisdiction of the courts of
justice in the provinces of Lower and Upper Canada to the
trial and punishment of persons guilty of crimes and of*
fences within certain parts of North America adjoining the
said provinces;"1 aho, an act of said Parliament entitled -'an
act for regulating the fur tiade, and establishing a criminal
and civil jurisdiction within certain parts of North Ameri-
ca;" and all other acts or jpartsof acts of said Parliament
which relate to the extension of British jurisdiction over
the countries west of the Jloeky mountains, or acts of the
local government of Canada relating to the same subject, bo
printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies over, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of passing an act
further to regulate the costs and fees accruing in suits and
prosecutions m the district and circuit courts of the United
States for the State of Louisiana.
Mr. ASHLEY presented a petition of 150 cit-
izans of the county of Washita, Arkansas, praying
for the establishment of a land district in the south-
em part of Arkansas; which was laid on the table,
a bill having been reported for that purpose.
Also, presented a petition of 140 citizens of the
same county, asking for an appropriation of $20
for the improvement of Washita river in said State:
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. ATFIER.TON presented additional docu-
ments on the claim of Henry King; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. HANNEGAN, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files the files the pa-
pers in the case of Peter Von Schmidt.
On motion by Mr. ATHERTON, the Committee
on Pensions was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petitions of Susannah Knight, the
widow of a deceased revolutionary soldier, and
Olive Niles, praying for an amendment of the pen-
sion laws—the committee having already reported a
general resolution granting: the relief prayed for.
On motion by Mr. BARROW, leave was granted
to withdraw from %he files of the Senate the petition
and papers of Robert Moore, relative to a land
claim.
On motion by Mr. WOODBURY,
Rfisohed, That the Committee on Tensions inquire into
the expediency of granting a pension to Nicholas Jacob,
and that his petition be referred to that committee.
The following bills and joint resolutions from the ;j
House were taken up, read twice, and referred, viz: j [
~ The joint resolution concerning relative rank of
certain officers in the navy of the United States.
The joint resolution authorizing the Postmaster
General of the United States to contract with cer-
tain railroad companies, in certain cases, without
advertising for proposals therefor: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The House bill to change the boundary of "the
Red river land district, in the State of Arkansas,
was read twice, and laid on the table for-the present,
on the motion of Mr. ASHLEY.
Mr. BAYARD, on leave, introduced a bill pro-
viding for the establishment of a naval school;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WOODBURY submitted the following reso-
lution; which, under the rule, lies one day on the
table, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treartiry be directed
to lay before the Senate a schedule of the articles in table
E annexed to his annual report at this session, with the
rates ad valorem to which the duty on them amounted, that
was actually paid by the importers.
JUDICIAL EVIDENCES OF CLAIMS.
The general orders brought up the Senate bill for
the relief of Miles King and his assigns, for further
consideration, as in committee ofthe whole. - -
This bill was reported by the Committee on tha
Judiciary some weeks back, and was grounded on
a memorial and documents referred to that com*
mittee.
It proposes that the Third Auditor of the Treasu-
ry shall, under the direction of the Attorney Gen-
eral, settle the account of Miles King, formerly na-
vy agent at Norfolk; which account is specified and
set forth in the a^vard of the special commissioner,
made in the case of the United States against said
King and his sureties, commenced and prosecuted
in the circuit court of the United States for the east-
ern district of Virginia, dated 3d February, 1843,
on a reference of the cause to said commissioner
by a rule of the court, with the consent of the par-
ties; and that the Secretary of the Treasury pay
said King, or assigns, such sum, if any, as may be
found due on such settlement: provided that, if
King, or his assigns, owe any thing on other ac-
counts to the treasury, it shall be deducted.
Mr. HAYWOOD considered this case based up-
on the same principle which obtained in the case of
the Rccside claim. The only difference was, that
in the present case the claim had undergone the
process of reference to the accouuting officer of the
government; and it now came up (as the Reeside
case would have to come up after the report of the
auditor next session) for the decision of Congress.
The Fourth Auditor had already investigated and re-
ported adversely upon the account of King; but
upon an examination of his report, he (Mr. H.)
was satisfied the claim to a certain extent—not,
however, to that of the award of the commissioner
—should be justly considered and allowed. The
Senate had already decided, in the Reeside case and
many others, that, previous to the action of Con-
gress on claims supported by judgments obtained in
the United States circuit courts, there should be a
submission of the claims and documents to the ac-
counting officers of the government for reinvestiga-
tion, without authority for payment, till Congress
should further order upon due consideration of the
reports of the accounting officers, and the equity of
the claims, as well as of the decision of the auditors.
The present ease having been referred to the Fourth
Auditor and investigated by him, was now in a prop-
er condition for reference to the committee specially
charged with the duty of reporting upon claims
against the government. He therefore moved to re-
fer the bill to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BERRIEN, although he Lad submitted to the
decision of the Senate in the Reeside case, did not
appiove of the principle of le-referrinc such claim?
to the accounting officers, without ai the s'Hiip time
providing for the payment of their awards. It was
an unnecessary delay of justice to submit a claim,
and all the documents on which it was founded, to
an auditor of ihe government for investigation and
settlement, and then delay the payment of his
award. Mr. B. stated at large the nature of the
present claim, and the peculiar hardships of delay-
ing justice in the case.
Messrs ARCHER, BAYARD, and BERRIEN
advocated the adoption of the bill, and opposed the
motion of committal as unnecessary, and (by Mr.
ARCHER) as wanting iu respect to the Committee
on the Judiciary, as well as to the functionaries of
the government who had already investigated
