€;©N«RESS!<*JfAS, GiOBE.
.. (2
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong... 2d Sess.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1845.
Volume 14....No. 9.
[ Continued from No. 8.]
case. They dwelt at great length upon the correct-
ness of flie direction given to the claim in the'bill,
and upon the safety to the government of submit-
ting the investigation and adjustment of the account
to the Third Auditor, in whom Congress had the
roost implicit confidence, and whose scrutiny would
be much more severe (and consequently his decision
more correct) than it could be possible for any com-
mittee in the time allotted to its labors to arrive at.
The Fourth Auditor had investigated and reported
adversely upon the claim prior to its submission to
the United States circuit court. It was now pro-
posed to submit the case to the Third Auditor, with
ali the lights of evidence elicited upon the trial.
Mr. HAYWOOD said the Fourth Auditor was
the auditor of the Navy Department; and it required
no act of Congress to re-refer the matter to him, as
the referer.ee fell within the sphere of his duties.
Mr. ARCHER had overlooked the fact that it
was the Fourth Auditor who belonged to the Navy
Department. He would have no objection to let-
ting the reference be to the Fourth, instead of the
Third Auditor.
.Mr. HAYWOOD calledforthe yeas and nays on
his motion to commit the bill to the Committee on
Claims, and they were ordered.
The yeas and nays were then taken; and the mo-
tion was decided in the negative—yeas 17, nays 22,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Ben-
ton, Breese, Colquitt, Dickinson, Fairfield, Haywood, Mer-
rick, NileS, Semple, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tappan, and Wood-
bujy—17.
NAYS-Messrs. Archer, Bagby, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Buchanan, Choate, Clayton. Dayton, Evans, Francis, Hun-
negan, Huntington, Johnson, Mangum, Miller, Morehead,
Phelps, Itives, Simmons, Upham, and Woodbridge—22.
Mr. "WOODBURY moved to strike out the word
"settle," in the 4th line of the bill, and insert: "ex-
amine and report to Congress at the next session
■what appears to be justly due on," leaving out the
the latter part of the bill which authorizes the pay-
ment of the amount found due by the auditor.
Mr. BERRIEN protested agatnst the delay of
justice which this would occasion; and further urged
the propriety of adopting the bill in its original
form.
The question was then taken on Mr. Woodbury's
amendment, and it was decided in the negative.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate,
and ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
The next bill on the general orders was the bill
for increasing the pay of certain revenue officers
while employed in the naval service; but
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, it was postponed
till to-morrow, with a view of allowing the Senate
to proceed to the consideration of executive business
of some importance.
This motion being concurred in,
The Senate went into executive session; and after
some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 13, 1845.
The journal having been read,
Mr. 'JOHN P. KENNEDY rose to make an ex-
planation, which he said might, in some measure,
be considered a question of privilege. In looking
over the Globe of Saturday evening, he found that,
in the report of the proceedings of that day, he was
put in the position of having inflicted an act of sin-
gular injustice on a gentleman of this House, [Mr.
Belser,] which it was far from his intention to do.
The remarks were as follows:
"He referred to the iact which he alleged, that the gentle-
man had made an attempt in the city of Baltimore to get
passed resolutions ot censure upon him (Mr. K ) for having
written a letter against the annexation of Texas, and he ex-
pressed his acknowledgments therefor, as thereby had been
demons-irated what beiore he had only conjectured to be
true—that the large majority of his people were opposed to
annexation He felt it due to the gentleman, however, to
say that these resolutions were not passed by him, hut by
some minions of power in Baltimore, who thought that, by
this small device of passing censure upon him, thev rnicht
find favor with John Tyler."
What he had to complain of in this report (and
he meant to cast no censure on the reporters,'know-
ing their general accuracy and the difficulties under
which, they labored) was, that he was made to make
a charge against the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Belser] of having gone to Baltimore for.-the pur-
pose of getting lip the resolutions of censure against
him; when his remarks, so far from having that ten-
dency, expressly exonerated the gentleman from
having any part in the matter, and,did full justice to
the candor and manliness of his course. In order to
set the matter right, he had written out what he did
say on that occasion, and begged leave to read it
for the information of the House. Mr. K. then read
as follows:
"I took pleasure in malting this commendation, although
that gentleman had unconsciously contributed towards an
effort to piocure a censure upon me from my own constitu-
ents lor a letter I had written on the subject of Texas. A
meeting of the friends of annexation was called in Baltimore
idst spring, and the announcement that that gentleman was
to be there constituted the chief attraction of the evening.
A large concourse of citizens was the consequence. At
this meeting resolutions of censure against me were pro-
posed, which signally failed to receive the support of those
present. I do not find fault with this attempt, but rather re-
£c-ei3Il because it gave me demonstration of a fact
which, before that, I had no other means to ascertain than
by conjecture—that the large majority of the city of Balti-
more aid not disapprove of my views upon the subject of
annexation. I do not mean to say that that gentleman had
any agency in the suggestion or presentation of these reso-
lutions. I know that he had not. They came from another
direction They were indebted for their origin to certain
minions of power in Baltimore who, I must believe, hoped
to win favor with John Tyler by so paltry a device as this—
oi a public censure of my constituents upon me "
Mr. WELLER asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the doorkeeper of the House of Represent-
atives be authorized to retain John Thomas McDuffie as
page to the end of the present session, the fact that he is
over sixteen yeais of age to the contiaiy notwithstanding.
Mr. W. observed that there was a rule of the
House which declared that the doorkeeper should
employ no pages above the age of sixteen years; and
one of the best pages of the House had arrived at
the age of sixteen years two or three weeks ago.
It was to enable the doorkeeper to continue this
page in employment that his resolution was offered.
The CHAIR said that the resolution could only
be received by general consent,
Mr. REDING? objected.
Mr. WELLER moved a suspension of the rules;
whi^h motion being carried, the resolution was re-
ceived and adopted.
Mr. PEYTON asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
^ Resolved, That the Committee on Public expenditures be
instructed to inquire into and report the amount of expendi-
tures growing out of the printing and other expenses incur-
red by the action of this House on the subject of the Rhode
Island Dorr controversy.
Objections being made by several,
Mr. PEYTON moved a suspension o,f the rules;
and called for the yeas and nays on that question.
The vote being taken, the question was decided in
the negative—yeas 78, nays 80—as follows:
yF-AS—Messrs Abbot, Adams, Arlington, Atkinson,
Baiter, Barringur, Bower, Brengle, .Milton Brown, Jeie-
lniah Brown, Buffing-ton, Carroll, Chappell, Chilton, Clinch
Coles, Collamcr, Cranston, Cullom, (iariett Davis, Deber-
l'v, Dellet, Dickey, Grmnell, Grider, Edward K 'Hanilai
Tlammett, Haralson, Harper, Holmes, Hudson, Huntrer-
tord, James 11. Hunt, Joseph K Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks,
terley B Joknson, Andrew Johnson, George W Jones
John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. Kin?, Mcllvaine, Edward j'
Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Murphy, Nes, Newton Pater-
son, Peyton, Phoenix, l'ollock, Elisha R. Potter, Preston
Chailes M. Reed, Reding, Roberts, Rockwell, Sample'
Schtmck, Senter, Severance, Simpson, Slidell. Albeit Smi'h'
Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Spence, Stephens 4ndrew
Stewart, Summers, Thomasson, Tilden, Tylej, Vance, Van-
Wright J7sn v'"mtilroP> Woodward, and \y'illiarn
NAYS—Messrs. Bayly, Benton, Bidlack, James Black
James A Black Bowlin, Boyd, BimkerhoS; Bro-Jhead'
William J. Brown, Burke, Caldwell, Campbell, Catlin'
Augustus A. Chapman, Clinton, Dana, John W Davis '
Dean, Dillingham, Douglass, Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap
Ellis. Elmer, Farlee, French, Fuller Bvram Green h £
nibal Hamlin Hays Henley, Hemck, Houston Hut ard'
Hughes, Charlos J. Ingersoll, Jameson, Andrew Kennedv'
Preston King, lurkpatnck, Labranche, Leonard, Luca's
Lyon, McCauslen Maclay, McClelland, McConnell, Me-
Dowen, McKay, Joseph Morris, Norris, Parmenter, Pettit
1PoItte1r< P"dy' Ha'hbun, David g Rel(, >R ,t
Russell St. John, ihomas H. Seymour, Simons, John T
Smith, Steenrod, John Stewart, Alfred P. Stone Svkes
Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Waller, Wentworth', Wheat
on, Beniaimn White, Williams, Joseph A. Wright, and
I OSt—'oO.
Mr- HAMMETT, on leave, introduced a bill
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, authorizing
the sale of two Arabian horses, received as a present
from the Imaum of Muscat. The bill was read three
times and passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, on leave, introduced a bill
to correct a clerical error in a bill passed at the last
session of Congress, entitled "An act supplementary
to an act entitled an act to regulate, assets on mesne
process in the District of Columbia," and to amend
the title thereof. It was read three tithes, and
passed.
TERMINATION OF THE TEXAS DEBATE.
Mr. C. JOHNSON submitted a resolution in the
usual form to terminate the debate in Committee of
the Whole on the State of the Union on the resolu-
tions for the r'eannexation of Texas to this Union on
Thursday next, at2 o'clock; and on this resolution
he moved the previous question.
Mr. SAMPLE moved to lay the resolution on the
table.
Mr. SCHENCK called For the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered, and resulted as follows—yeas
127, nays 54:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot. Adams, Ashe, Baker, Bairinger,
Benton, Blackwell, Bowlin, Brengie, Brinkerhoft', Milton
Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Caldwell, Carpenter,
Jeremiah E. Gary, Carroll, Catlin, Chappell, Chilton, Clinch,
Cobb, Coles, Collamer, Cranston, Dana, Daniel, Darragh,
Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickev,
Dillingham, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Farlee, Hsh, Foot, Gi*d 
dings, Goggin, Byram Green, Grinnell, Grider, Hale, Han-
nibal Hamlin, Edward S Hamlin, Hammett. Hardin, Har-
per, Henley, Herrick, Holmes. Hoge, Hubard, Hudson,
Hungerford, J, B. Hunt, Joseph It. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks,
Perle.y B. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, John P. Kennedy,
Preston King, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick, Leonard, Lu-
cas, Lyon, McCauslen, Maclay, McClelland, McDowell, Mc*
Ilvaine, Marsh, Edward Joy Morris, Freeman H. Morse,
Moseley, Murphy, Nes, Paterson, Peyton, Phcenix,
Pollock, Elisha R. Potter, Emery I). Potter, Preston,
ltathbun, Charles M. Reed, Reding, Rhett, Roberts, Rob-
inson, Rockwell,. Rodney, Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Set-
ter, Severance, Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour,
Albert Smith, John T. Smith, Robert Smith, Spence, Stet-
son, Andrew Stewart. John Stewart, Stiles, Alfred P. Stone,
Strong, Summers, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Van-
meter, Vinton, John White, Benjamin White, Williams,
Winthrop, Woodward and William Wright—127.
NAYS—Messrs. Arrington, Atkinson, Bavly, Bidlack,
James Black, James .A Black, Bower, Boyd. Brodhead
Aaron V. Brown, William J. Brown, Burke, Campbell, Au-
gustus A. Chapman, Clinton, Cullom, John W. Davis,
Douglass, Duncan, Elmer, Ficklin, Foster, French, Ful-
ler, Haralson, Ha} s, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, C. J. In-
geisoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson. George W. jones, Andrew
Kennedy, Labranche, Lumpkin, McConnell, McKav, Jo-
seph Morns, Parmenter, Payne, David &. Reid, Ritter,
Russell, St. John, Simons, Simpson, Slidell, Thomas Smith,
Steenrod, Stephens, Taylor, Thomasson, Thompson, Wei*
ler, Joseph A Wright and Yost—54.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
ANNEXATION AGAIN.
Mr. MILTON BROWN asked the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a joint resolution
on the subject that was now before them; that it
take the usual course of twice reading, and be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF objected.
Mr. BROWN moved to suspend the rules for this
purpose.
The joint resolution of Mr. Browj* was read, as
follows: '
JOINT RESOLUTIONS declaring the terms on which
Congress admit Texas into the Union as a State.
l!)e,Se'lale a.nd House of Representatives of the
L j l ™ Congress assembled. That Con-
^le^s doth consent that tne temtory propeily included
3^'\v3hpairprf^ !lly bel0D-;no t0 tl5e republic of Texas,
ma) be erected into a new state, to be called the State of
i <cc:a&< v. .th a republican form of government, to be adopted
^ j-P6? ?aicl rePublio, by deputies in convention
assembled, with the consent of the existing government, in
°1rerr"}at same may be admitted as one of the States of
this Union.
*2.Jhul be it further rcsolred, That the foregoing consent
0 .1Y0"Sr®ss is given upon the following conditions, and
with the following guaranties, to wit:
1. Said State to be formed, subject to the adjustment bv
this- government of all questions of boundary that may arise
with other governments, and the constitution thereof with
proper evidence of its adoption by the people of said repub-
lic of Texas, shall be transmitted-to the President of the
United States, to be laid before Congress for its final action
on or before the first day of January, one thousand eight
hundred and forty-six. s
% SaM1 State, when admitted into the Union, after oedinR
to the United States all mines, minerals, salt lakes an!
springs, and also, all public edifices, fortifications, barracks,
