130
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ports and harbors, navy and navj-yards, docks, magazines,
arms, armaments, and all other property and means per-
taining to the public defence belonging* to said republic of
j. exas, shall retain all the public funds, debts, taxes and
dues of every kind which may belong to, or be due and owing
said republic; and shall also retain all the vacant and unap-
propriated lands lying within its limits, to be applied to the
payment of the debts and liabilities to the said republic of
Texas; and the residence of said lands, after discharging said
debts and liabilities, to be disposed of as said State may di-
rect; but in no event are said debts and liabilities to become
a charge upon the government of the United States
3. New States of convenient size, and having sufficient
population, m8j hereafter, by the consent of said State, be
formed out of the territory thereof, which shall be entitled
to admission under the provisions of the federal constitution
And such States as may be formed out of that portion of
said territory lying south of 36 degrees 30 mmutes north
latitude, commonly known as the Missouri compromise line,
shall be admitted into this Union with or without slavery, as
the people of each State asking permission may desire.
"The question being taken, was decided in the
affirmative without a division.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. BROWN accordingly offered the resolution,
and he moved its reference to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HALE moved an amendment, to add thereto
the proposition submitted by himself a few days
since, that it also be printed and referred.
The SPEAKER decided that this being a motion
to refer, the amendment was not in order.
The question was taken; and the resolution having
been read a first and second time, was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. ST. JOHN, on leave given, presented resolu-
tions of the legislature of Ohio relative to certain
lots in the town of Perrysburg, Wood county,
Ohio; which were laid on the tabic, and ordered to
be printed,
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. WELLER moved that the House resolve it-
self into a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. PATERSON inquired what was the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER replied; the call of the States for
resolutions.
Mr. PATERSON hoped the regular orders would
be proceeded with.
The question was taken; and, being decided in the
affirmative—
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hopkins in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
resolutions, with the several amendments thereto,
for the reannexation of Texas.
Mr. TIBBATTS was entitled to the floor. After
a preliminary remark, proceeding to refer to the re-
marks of Mr. J. P. Kennedy, and in particular to
Mr. K.'s reference to Swift's uTale of a Tub," Mr.
T. remarked that the gentleman, and other gentle-
men who had argued that side of the question, ap-
peared to have made the same disposition of the
constitution as was made of the will by the heirs in
that case, when they resolved that they would lock
up their father's will in a strong box, and would
consult it hereafter only when they thought fit. It
seemed to him that that gentleman, and other gen-
tlemen, had at no time troubled themselves with the
constitution at all. The only reference to the con-
stitution which the gentleman had thought worthy
to make, was to that clause which related to the
qualifications for senators and representatives. He
read, from the report in the Globe of Mr. Kenne-
dy's remarks, the extract in which he objected to
the immediate admission of Texas as a State, as
proposed by Dromgoole's projet, since it would
bring into Congress senators and reprrsentatives
who would not have the constitutional qualification
of nine and seven years' residence in the United
States. Now, admitting this position of the gentle-
man to be correct, what (he asked) had that to do with
the question now under consideration—with the
power or the right of Congress to annex Tfexas to
this Union as a State or Territory? It could oper-
ate nothing but inconvenience to the people of
Texas, if they were placed in that position—an
inconvenience for which they could no doubt find a
thousand remedies in this country. But the con-
stitution ought not to receive any such rule of con-
struction. If Congress had the power to annex Texas,
then we ought not to consider that there was any
other clause in the constitution to make that power
nugatory.
,It was not within the spirit of the powers of the con-
stitution that any State should admitted into the
Union, and at the same time that it should not be
represented in the Congress of the United States;
and when they looked at the motives which influ-
enced the convention in inserting this clause, they
found that it was susceptible of no such application
whatever. In proof of this position, and as laying
down the rule for the proper construction of the con-
stitution, Mr. T. read several extracts from Judge
Story's writings.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Win-
throp,] when the proposition was introduced, had
affirmed that the annexation of Texas would be a
violation of the faith of this country, as a violation
of the law of nations; a violation of the constitution,
as derogatory to the honor of the nation; and ob-
jectionable principally on the ground of slavery.
These were bold propositions, and seemed to be
very confidently taken by the gentleman; and this
committee and the country had a right to expect that
that gentleman, so well known for his skill and his
diligence, would have been armed wnh facts and
arguments to appal the friends of this measure, and
drive them from their position. Passing, for the
present, the question of national law, Mr. T. pro-
posed to look into the constitutional question.. The
3d section of the 4th article of the constitution pro-
vided that "new States may be admitted by the
Congress into this Union; but no new State shall be
formed or erected within the jurisdiction of any
other State, nor any Suae be formed by .the junction
of two or more States or parts of States, without the
consent of the legislatures of the States concerned,
as well as of the Congress."
He contended, if it were possible that there could
be considered any ambiguity in the first broad grant
of power to the Congress, "new States may be ad-
mitted," &c , that the succeeding limitation of the
clause showed conclusively that there were to be
two kinds of admission—one from territory belong-
ing to some State or States of the Union, and the
other from foreign territory. He further read seve-
ral extracts from Judge Story, all going to show, as
he said, that this clause gave Congress the power to
admit new States into the Union, limited only by the
direction of Congress itself.
It would be observed (said Mr. T.) that he argued
this question on the right of Congress feo admit new
States into this Union. There were two classes of
propositions before the committee—one class propo-
sing to annex Texas as a State, and the other as a
Territory- As to the details of these propositions,
he did not discuss them; men of sense did
not quarrel about the details when they had once
agreed upon the great principles of a measure.
Nor did he mean to say anything about the power
of Congress to admit Texas as a territory, his ob-
ject being only to show their power to admit her as
a State. The constitution, then, on any rule of con-
struction that could be applied to it, it could not be
doubted, authorized Congress to admit Texas as a
State. But the friends of this question did not fear
to travel out of the constitution to the history of
this clause of that instrument, or to travel into the
cotemporaneous construction of it. He here quoted
an extract from Judge Story, to show with what
limitations and caution the cotemporaneous con-
struction of the constitution should be received.
Mr. T. then referred to the 11th article of the old
confederation, to show the understanding of our
forefathers in relation to the admission of new States
in the Union; for, by that article, it was declared that
Canada should of right, if she chose to do so, come into
our Union on an equal footing with the other States;
and by a subsequent proposition, it was declared
that other new States might be admitted into the
Union, provided nine States voted for it. Mr. T.
also referred to the propositions made by Mr. Charles
Pinckney, Mr. Edmund Randolph and others, in
support of the position he assumed; and cited the
report of the committee to which these propositions
were referred. He then quoted the authority of the
Federalist, number 14, written by Mr. Madison, to
show the cotemponeous construction given to the
constitution in relation to this subject. In refutation
of the position assumed by some gentlemen, that the
article of the constitution providing for the admis-
sion of new States into the Union was restricted in
its meaning to the admission of States arising out of
the bosom our of acknowleged territory, Mr. T.
cited the decision of the Supreme Court on the sub-
ject, to be found in the 2d vol. of Peters*s Reports, and
also referred to the acts admitting Louisiana and
Arkansas into the Union. But he would refer the
committee to another authority, which hesuppospd,
on the other side of the House, would be entitled to
" some respect. He alluded to a speech of a distin-
guished gentleman from Virginia in the other branch
of Congress, [Mr. Archer,] in which he admitted,
in the broadest sense, the power of this government
to acquire foreign territory, and annex it to the Union
as a State, Haying said this much on the constitution-
al question, he wished to devote a few moments to
another position taken by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, viz: that it was contrary to our treaty
stipulations with Mexico, and derogatory to the
honor of this nation, to annex Texas to' the Union.
However desirable it might be, in his opinion, to
make this important and valuable acquision, he, for
one, would unhesitatingly abandon it if it was cal-
culated to add the slightest blot or stain upon our
national honor. But, to see if the position of the
gentleman was correct, he would beg leave to de-
tain the committee while he made a brief historical
examination of the history of Texas. Mr. T. then
gave an outline of the history of Texas, from its first
discovery and settlement by Prance in 1685; the
grant of the country by the French King to Crozer
in 1712; its transfer to Spain, and retrocession to
France, by which it was sold to the United States
under the treaty of 1803. Then referring to the
treaty of 1819, by which the country v/as ceded by
the United States to Spain, he mentioned the fact
that, on the news of that cession having been re-
ceived by the people of Texas, they met in solemn
convention, and, protesting against being trans-
ferred like slaves to a foreign despot, declared them-
selves a free and independent people.^ As a free
and independent nation, she entered into the Mexi-
can confederacy, and was received as such; having
formed and adopted a constitution declaring herself
a sovereign State, and independent not only of the
rest of the world, but of the other united Mexican
States. Moreover, having been received as a part
of the Mexican union with this constitution, Mexi-
co, by this act, admitted her sovereignty and inde-
pendence. Mr. T. here read extracts from the con-
stitution of Coahuila and Texas. From this por-
tion of the history of Texas it would appear that
she never had submitted to the jurisdiction of any
power whatever, and that she had always main-
tained her freedom and independence. But to pro-
ceed further in the history of this matter: in 1821,
the treaty of Cordova was made, by which Spain
acknowledged the independence of Mexico; and,
though that treaty had been afterwards disclaimed
by Spain, and declared to be null and void, it was
upon that simple acknowledgment that Messrs.
Adams and Clay, and afterwards Gen. Jackson,
proposed to treat with Mexico for the cession of
Texas to the United States. Mexico had no other
title to Texas than that when these propositions
were made to her; yet when now it was proposed
to treat with Texas herself, who had always main-
tained her independence, we are told (said Mr. T.)
that we are about tarnishing the honor of the coun-
try, and violating its treaty obligations to Mexico.
In 1834, Santa Anna overthrew the constitution of
Mexico, and Texas having protested against it, de-
clared her independence again; and notwithstanding
all the efforts of Mexico to subdue her, she had suc-
cessfully resisted that power, and maintained her in-
dependence as a nation to this day. So much, then,
for the honor of this country and the right of Mexi-
co to interfere in this matter. Mexico, in fact, never
bad any light, according to the laws of nations, to
one foot of land m Texas; and therefore the United
States were under no obligations to consult her.
But (said Mr. T.) while we are on the subject of
the honor and good faith of the nation, I beg leave
to call the attention of the committee to another im-
portant fact. Texas had a right to be admitted
into this Union, which the United States could not
deny her without violating every _piinciple of
honor, of justice, and of good faith. Cfhe third arti-
cle of the treaty with France for the purchase
of Louisiana provides that the inhabitants of Texas
shall be admitted into the Union, as soon as possi-
ble, on an equal footing with the other States, and
secures to them the enjoyment of all their rights and
privileges. Mr. T. here read the article referred to.
Now, he asked if that treaty was not violated when
Texas was ccded to Spain by the treaty of 1819,
without consulting France or the people of the ter-
ritory; and if the United States were not bound by
the principles of justice and good faith to perform
the stipulations in that treaty now that they had it
in their power to do so. Mr. Clay denied the right
of the United States, under the treaty-making pow-
er, to cede that country to Spain; and, for the infor-
mation of the committee, he would read some ex-
