CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tracts from some remarks of Mr. Clay on that sub-
ject. Here Mr. T. read some extracts from Mr.
Clay's remarks condemnatory of the treaty of 1819.
He alluded to the Irish union with England in
1800, and the previous annexation of Wales to Eng-
land, to show that the law of nations was not adverse
to this annexation; and proceeded to the expediency
of annexation. His time, however, would not al-
low him to discuss how and what various inteiests
would be promoted by it. He however would re-
mark that it would open a market for the produc-
tions of the western country, particularly its gram,
and for the manufactures of the North and the East.
It was, however, a national question, and should not
be decided on sectional views. But if sectional
views were taken, he conceived it would be found
to be particulaily a western and eastern question.
The attempt to annex Texas to the United States
first proceeded from one of the representatives of
Massachusetts, (understood to be Mr. Adams,)
aided by a man from the western country, (Mr.
Clay;) and it was to be presumed the two interests
of the East and West influenced the minds of those
two men at that day. Mr. Clay, it was known, was
opposed to the transfer of that country, and he never
lost sight of the regaining of it; and what man of
what party at that time raised his voice against it'
Nothing was then said of its beiwg a southern ques-
tion. He did not, so for as lie knew him-
self, and his opinions, and his feelings,
give the slaieiy question which had been
raised here the weight of one feather. He
lived on the line of demarcation between the free
and the slave interests of this Union, and he was
able to look upon this matter with calmness; and he
would there say that he did not give that weight to
the question of slavery that he should be induced,
on that account, to vote for this annexation. So
long as he had a seat on this floor, he would not
submit to the invasion of their constitutional rights
or domestic institutions by any foreign power; but
if Texas was annexed to-day as a free State, he
would give his vote as freely for it as he would if it
v, ere to be annexed as a slave State. One gentle-
man had said that this was a new qucs'ion; but he
denied that it was so. This question had continued
long to be a question of great interest throughout
this Uivon; and the fiat of the people had gone forth
in a voice that could not be mistaken. Gentlemen
might deny that the question had been settled by the
people; but if there was one question that was in-
volved in the late canvass throughout the wide ex-
panse of the Union—through every State, and coun-
ty, and town, and hamlet—it was this question of
the annexation of Texas. There was no question so
much mooted; and Mr. Clay was opposed 011 the
ground of his hostility to it, and Mr. polk was
supported because he was friendly to it. On the
subject of the tariff and of distribution, there was
not that unanimity that there was 011 this question:
011 the question of annexation there was no differ-
ence—there was no dispute. It might now com-
port with the views of some gentlemen from the
North to throw local difficulties in the way of this
measure; but he begged the committee to look upon
it ought to be viewed—as a national question, and
not one involving local feelings or local interests.
Mr. BiUNKERHOFF next obtained the floor,
and he ■ ommenced with the observation that his
health was so feeble that he was by no means cer-
tain that lie should be able to occupy all the time
which the rules allotted to him; yet from the deep
into cat which be felt, and which he knew his con-
stituents feit in relation to this question, he could
not permit it to pass without attempting to give
some exoression to his feelings and convictions in
relation to it. Before coming 011 here to resume
his seat at the present session, he had hoped that
this Question would not be forced upon their con-
sideration, knowing as he did, and as every man on
tins floor knew, that this question, whatever it may
be to the government, was new to the American
people. Knowing as he aid that hi the midst of the
beat and turmoil and noise and dust and bustle of
po itieal campaign just past, there was no opportu-
nity afforded for the sober consideration of the ques-
tion m all its details, and wishing that its determi-
nation by the Congress of the United States might
have the benefit of "the sober second thought" of
the people, he had indulged the hope that it might
tie permitted to go over to the next Congress and
the next executive. He fully concurred with gen-
tlemen who had preceded him 111 the the expressions
which they had littered showing the importance of
this measure. In his opinion it was the most im-
portant question that had engaged the deliberations
of this body for the last quarter of a century. It
was a question which was to affect, and
materially, too, for weal or wo, millions of human
beings yet unborn, ar.d in no small degree, republics
and empires yet in embryo. He repeated, then, he
had hoped this question would have been permitted
to have gone over to the next Congress. It was
well known that theie was not a member holding a
scat on this floor—with the exception of a very few,
who had been elected to fill vacancies—who had
been elected with a view to the determination of this
question; and it was well known that the executive
of this Union, by whom this question was brought
forward, did not possess the confidence of the nation.
Why, then, this hasty pressure on this subject?
Did they fear the public sentiment' If gentlemen
would go no further than to say that Texas, in some
form, ought to be annexed to this Union, he would
not be disposed to quarrel with the decision; but when
they asserted that the people had determined the
question of annexation, and its terms and conditions,
he denied it. Such a statement was not true.
The question was discussed m Ohio as well as
other places, and he knew something about that dis-
cussion. He knew that the democratic candidate
for the office of governor of Ohio uniformly
took ground, not on the platform of the treaty, but
of the bill introduced at the other end of the Capi-
tol by a Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Bbnton.]
Mr. THOMPSON. That was the reason lie got
beaten.
Mr. BRINKERIIOFF. And they all knew
that both the senators from the State of Ohio were
against the treaty; and yet they did not meet with a
word of censure from any part of that State. They
knew also that the gentleman now occupying the
exalted station of governor of the great State
of New York, who voted against the ratifica-
tion of that treaty, had received an endorsement
which did him higher honor than any man had re-
ceived amongst all the results of the late campaign.
With what face, then, could it be said that this
question had been decided by the late election,
either generally or in detail—not only abstract-
edly, but in its terms and conditions? He de-
nied that it had been so settled. He had said that
he indulged the hope that this question would begiven
the go-by, and suffered to go over to those who were
to succeed them, and who enjoyed the public confi-
dence, coining fiesli fiom the people after they had
opportunity to examine the subject. But when he
came here he soon saw this expectation was to be
disappointed. It required no extraordinary sagacity
to see, when the standing committees of the House
were announced, particularly the Committee 011
Foreign Affairs, that his hopes were to be disap-
pointed. He was sure it was quite superfluous for
him to disclaim any personal hostility to that com-
mittee; yet justice to his convictions, and to the peo-
ple he represented, required him to state the truth;
and he would there state that that committee was
strangely constituted for the disposition of a "great
nalioni({"question. Why was it that nearly ail the
members of that committee were taken from the
democracy of the South'—from the slave States'
After a few words on that subject, he addressed
himself to the remaiks ofhss colleague, [Mr. Dkan,]
who was understood on a pre\ ious day 10 appioye,
and say the people of Ohio approved, of the s,u nlice
of Mr. Vail Buren, on the ground of his hostility to
annexation. If that were so, he inquired why weie
there such strenuous exertions made by the repre-
sentatives from Ohio to prevent his being laid aside?
why were there such energetic—an energy amount-
in"-almost to ferocity—protests against "the deep
damnation of Ins taking off?" He went 011 to in-
qune if his colleague aopioved of the two-thirds 1 uie
adopted in the convention, by which one-thirds of its
members could control or prevent action altogether?
He asserted that the democracy of Ohio had never
sanctioned that rule, and he trusted m God they
never would.
They supported James K. Polk earnestly and
zealously and laboriously, in season and out of
season, because he was opposed to a bank of the
United'States, a distribution of the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands, a high protective tariff, and
because lie agreed with the democratic party gen-
erally 011 questions of a national and constitutional
character, but not on the ground of immediate and
unconditional annexation; and on these grounds
there was 110 people that did more to secure the suc-
cess of their candidate than the people of the great
State of New York.
But why was this question thus rudely thrust on
their consideration, and with such feverish heat and
impatient haste? And why had it assumed the par-
ticular and definite shape m which it was now pre-
sented, without not only the forming but the adopt-
ing hand of a committee? Was it done for the
special endorsement of the only remaining
whig principle of '40—"Tyler, too?" Was it
done for that? Or was it done for the special
glorification of the extraordinary, the- world-
astonishing person who now controls the diplomacy
of the country? Was it for that, and an approva!
of his dissertations on slavery and the beauties of
bondage, and the sweet harmonious music of fetters?
If it was not for that, why was it there in the"shape
in which it was presented to them? Whywasthe
dead body of the treaty exhumed and galvanized
into horrible contortions? If it was not for that,
why was it that a committee did not deliberate upon
it? If it was a national question, why wa  it that
a committee did not mould it into some shape in
which they could adopt it consistently with their
principles and feelings? But the administration
were anxious for it. Oh, yes; they had had
a message detailing in high sounding phrase
the wrongs and insults and injustice of which
Mexico had been guilty; and hence they
were prayed to annex Texas right off. Why
was it that the executive was so anxious
on that subject for the national rights and dignity?
It was a beautiful administration. Now he (Mr.
B.) believed they had a country away West be-
tween the Rocky mountains and the broad Pacific,
called Oregon. It was a country of large extent,
and a region of great fertility; and what was more,
it was admitted by every American statesman to be
ours exclusively, in every respect; and yet that
country was ctually in British, possession—British
military possession—and was under the jurisdiction
of British law. Weil, and what did our sensitive
executive say to that? "We are negotiating about
it." Negotiating about what' Why were not our
rights to Oregon vindicated? Why was it that pos-
session was not taken of it? This was an inquiry
which had gone ont from the people; and the an-
swer was, "we are negotiating."
Mr: DUNCAN. And have been for the last
thirty years.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF. Yes; and have been for
the last thirty years; and the negotiations may thus
be spun out to eternity. Was not the territory our
own' And yet it was still being "negotiated" for;
while for Texas, which is in the enjsyment of a
free government, and her people under the pro-
tection of a constitution and constitutional laws,
this fever heat is got up. "Why was there this dif-
ference? Oh ! in relation to Mexico we were very
valiant; but when we came -to speak of a question
pending between us and the British lion, the admin-
istration "roars as gently as a sucking dove."
[Laughter.] He asked why this was so? He
asked the country—he asked the people—if it was
because Oregon was likely to be settled by farmers,
while Texas was to be settled by planters? Was
that the reason; Whatever it might be, he expected
no change for the better while the "negotiations'*
remained under their present auspices. That was
his opinion, and they might take it for what it wa£t
worth. _
Ilut he complained of the haste with which this
committee had acted. There might be some men
(perhaps in this committee) gifted with extraordi-
nary instinct, who were able to decide great ques-
tions by intuition, fie laid 110 claim to such a power
as this; and as the organ of this House, he had ex-
pected from the investigation of this committee that
presentation of facts and statistics, official and relia-
able, of which they were so strikingly ignorant.
Here was a proposition to assume the debt of Texas;
he wanted to know much that debt was. Many of
us—.nil of us (speaking of my party relations) have
disclaimed and argued zealously, some of us elo-
quently, said Mr. B., against the assumption of
State debts; all of us have taken that position; it has
become a primary article in our creed; we *av®
contended that such an assumption of the debts of
the States of this Union is unconstitutional. He
wanted to know how, then, if it were unconstitu-
tional to assume the domestic debt of a State, now
in the Union—why it was constitutional to assume
the debts of a foreign State? Above all, he wanted
to know the extent of the burden they were called
on to assume. The State of Ohio was already
burdened with a heavy debt; but it paid that debt,
j and it was for the very reaso* that they aid pa|r
