Congressional globe.
iss
•cryice as aforesaid," shall ha in full force, mutatis mntandis,
whilst there is a territorial government over so much of the
territories to he ceded and annexed to the Un.ted States as
aforesaid as mav t.j> situate in the Territory of Nebraska
aforesaid, in lieu of, and as a substitute for, the article in the
aforesaid oidmance of 17i7, entitled "article6/> butthe said
article tith, and the said Sth section of the act approved
6th .\,arch, 1820, shall neither be ,mpoM i upon, or m any
manner be e;, plied to. the rest of the territory to be ceded
and annexed to the United States, nor to any portion there-
oii.or to tire Territories and States to 1 e formed therein
xty'A. The said compact of cession and annexation, when
made as aforesaid, to provide furtherfh.it the people resi-
ding or coram? into that part of the Territory of Nebraska
which shall be ceded to the United States by the compact
of cession and annexation as aforesaid, shall not forfeit nor
lose any of the property recognised as such by the laws of
Texas by force of said compact or of this act until a reason-
able time has been allowed to thera for removing the same,
to be provided by said compact ot cession or annexation.
Sti-tii. The said compact of cession and annexation, when
made as aforesaid, to provide furtl ^r, as between the United
States and the people thereof and the said republic of Texas
and the people thereof, for a full, entire, absolute, and per-
petual release and cession to the United States of all the
right, (it!o, possession, jurisdiction, empire, and domain of
the said last-mentioned republic i >, to, and over the whole
territory of Texas, with its appurtenances, be the same
more or less, at such price, and upon such terms of pay-
ment, and with such stipulations in addition as may be
right and proper in respect thereto, and to all the other
property, and in respect to the debts of the republic of Tex-
as. according to what may be approved and finally sanction-
ed by the supreme authorities of both nations. But
so that all that part of the territory of Texas
which was once ceded to the United States by the French
Republic, under the name of Lovisiana, by the treaty be-
tween the United States and said French Republic, signed
at Pans, and dated SOth April, 1803, shall be retroceded and
reannexed to the United States forever; and yet in such
manner as will leave the United States at perfect liberty,
without any breach of faith to Texas, or the people thereof,
to settle, by negotiation or otherwise, at the discretion of
the United States, with any other nation, (not a party to
such compact.) any claim of jurisdiction with, in, and over
any portion of the said territories which may happen to
lie within the reputed boundaries of Louisiana, as ceded
by the French republic in the treaty aforesaid, signed SOth
April 1303; and also, at their discretion hereafter to set-
tle, by negotiation or otherwise, the boundaries between
the said republic of Texas and any olher nation. The
time and manner of said negotiation and settlement to be
determined upon by the lawful authority of the United
States, without the intervention of Texas and the people
thereof.
Sec. 2 And be it further enacted by the authority afore-
Mid, That the said compact, when made, may provide
further, by the mutual agreement of the supreme authorities
of the United States and the republic of Texas, for all and
every other matter or thing within their constitutional
power, of and concerning the premises.not in consistent with
the spirit and true intent of the provisions hereby made for
giving and declaring the legislative asseut to the same, and
which may be proper and necessary for restoring the an-
cient limits of the United States, as they were claimed and
avowed by the United States, after the aforesaid treaty with
the French republic, signed 30th April, 1803. And the pub-
lic faith of the nation is hereby pledged to enact such other
and further laws as are or may be necessary and proper for
executing the same without unreasonable delay: Provided,
that nothing shall be required inconsistent with the power
of the United States, nor in plain violation of the reason-
able and just rights ol other nations, to be j udged of by the
United States, nor adverse to the true meaning of this act.
Sec. 3. *%nd be it futther enacted by the authority afore-
said, That as soon as may be after the final adoption
of any compact for the cession or annexation of the
Territories aforesaid to the United States by the su-
preme authorities of both nations, if any such com-
pact is made and adopted as aforesaid, the President
of the United shall nominate and appoint the officers,
and cause the governments to be organized m the districts
or territories aforesaid, according to the provisions of the
ordinance of 1787 aforesaid, as modified by this act; and un-
til that can be done conveniently, the whole of said territo-
ries shall be governed by such officers and such authority
as may be agreed upon in the said compact between the re-
public of Texas and the United States.
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted hy the authority aforesaid.
That it shall be the duty of the President of the United
States to issue his proclamation, and thereby to put into full
force and effect the provisions of this act as soon as may be,
after any compact of cession and annexation shall have been
adopted by the supreme authorities of the United States
and the supreme authorities of the republic of Texas. And
this act shall from thenceforth take effect, without condi-
tion. as upon the day that the provisions of such compact
shall go into operation as the supreme law of the United
States, and not before.
Sec. 5 And he it further enacted by the authori'y aforesaid,
That nothing contained in this act shall be construed so as
to prevent the Congress of the United States from "admit-
ting Texas as a new State into this Union," during the pres-
ent or any future session; nor from admitting as a new
Stat®, into this Union, any part of the territory of Texas;
nor shall it be construed into any expression of assent or
dissent to such a law, Boras the expression of any opinion
as to the proper and constitutional mode of making the
compact herein alluded to; but the same is left to tnede-
cision of the competent authorities of the United States,
who may be called upon to propose or ratify the same in all
respects as if this act had not passed.
Mr. MOREHEAD moved the reference of the
bit to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
After a few remarks from Mr. ARCHER in re-
lation to an inquiry by Mr. Sevier as to the ex-
pected report of the committee, in which Mr. A.
intimated that the report would be prepared as soon
as it could be ascertained tliat all the intended pro-
positions of annexation were before Congress—
The bill was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and it was ordered to be printed.
[A careful report of the remarks made by Messrs.
Haywood, Morehead, and Archer, on the in-
troduction of this bill, is in preparation for im-
mediate publication.]
On motion ofMr. EVANS, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 14,1845.
The journal of yesterday having been read and
approved,
On tke motion of Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Resolved, That fhe Committee on the Judiciary, be di-
rected to inquire into the expediency of amending existing
laws, so as to adopt, in the courts of the United States in
Louisiana, the mode of proceeding in the courts of the said
State in all civil cases, excepting those of admiralty jurisdic-
tion; and that they do report by bill or otherwise.
On the motion of Mr. J. P. KENNEDY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary, be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill to
authorize the courts having jurisdiction in questions ot
bankruptcy on the bankrupt laws heretofore in existence,
to appoitit new trustees in all cases where such appoint-
ments may be rendered necessary by the death or resigna-
tion of the former trustees appointed in virtue of the said
bankrupt laws, and in cases where the estate in the hands of
such trustees has not been fully settled.
On the motion of Mr. HARPER, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
transmit to this House the papers in his office on the subject
of the claim of Catharine Stevenson, of Knox county, Ohio,
for a pension, and that said papers be referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions.
STATISTICS OF TEXAS.
On the motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed to com-
municate to this House such information as he may possess,
or may be able to procure, of the whole amount of the debt
ofTexas—the amount for which bond or scrip has been
issued; and the piesent market value of such scrip or bond
in Texas, in the United States, and in Europe—the amount
in value of the exports from, and the imports into, Texas for
the years 1843 and 1S44, with the amount of revenue accru-
ing and collected for the same years, with the expenditures
lor the same time; also the present population of Texas, dis-
tinguishing in number between free and slaves; also the
quantity, in acres of land, which it is supposed is covered
by valid grants from the present and former governments of
that country; and the estimated quantity in acres of good
and arable land suitable for cultivation which remains
ungranted within the undisputed and acknowledged limits
ofTexas as the same existed prior to the year 1834.
Mr. ATKINSON rose and said he had received
many communications from his constituents which
he was unable to answer satisfactorily, and he de-
sired to obtain such information as would enable
him to do so. He alluded to the publication of the
President's message and the accompanying docu-
ments, of which, at the commencement of the ses-
sion, this House ordered 5,000 extra copies for the
use of the members. His constituents wrote to him
in relation to that document, but they had not yet
been laid on their- tables, nor could he say when
they would be received; and he wished the proper
authority in this House to inform him when he
he might reasonably expect to receive the copies,
which his consistuents were anxious to see.
[As it appears from the above, that no person
gave to Mr. Atkinson the information which he de-
sired, the proprietors of the Globe, who are the j
printers for the House of Representatives, think it i
aue to the House and to themselves, that they [
should state why the President's message and the 1
accompanying documents have not been delivered.
We printed copies of the President's message and
the accompanying documents, and sent one copy to
each member of both Houses, in less than two weeks
after the message was read in the House, which we
believe was the shortest time in which the message
and documents were ever printed andjdelivered before.
The extra copies are all printed; but are kept back
for a map of the harbor of Memphis, Tennessee,
which the Committee on Engraving of the House
have let out to the lowest bidder. We do not know
who the lowest bidder is, nor when he has con-
tracted to deliver the map. We will Bend the doc-
uments to the House as soon as we reeeive the
maps.
We take this occasion to say, that the report of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, the
coast survey, and some other documents, we be-
lieve, are in the same condition that the President's
message and the accompanying documents are in—
that is, already printed, and waiting for the maps.
Instead of our being behindhand with the congres-
sional work, as some might be Jed to suppose, from
the fact that several documents have not been de-
livered to the House, we may say that we are be-
forehand with it; for many of our congressional
hands have been out of work already, which we
have never known to be the case before, so early in a
session.—The printers for the House op Rep-
resentat1nes.]
Before any answer could be given,
RE ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. HAMMETT moved that the rules he sus-
pended, that the House might resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to; and the House went
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Hopkins in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the resolutions to reannex Texas to
this Union.
Mr. HOLMES, who had the floor from yester-
day, commenced with some remarks on the import-
ance of the question which now occupied the atten-
tion of the committee. He said it was a national,
and not a sectional question; and he begged distinct-
ly to say to the committee that he was fully im-
pressed with the truth that annexation or rejection
was salvation or destruction—to whom? To the north-
ern Atlantic States, to New England, and to the man-
ufacturing part of the community. He admitted
also that its influence would be equally felt by the
South. He would endeavor to make out this propo-
sition, and show that the influence of annexation
would be as wide as the scope of the different inter-
ests of the confederacy. What had given the north-
em and eastern States the power which they now
held? What did New England contribute to the
world in the way of staples? She was destitute of
any of those staples, the products of the soil, by
which she could command the markets of Europe.
What, then, was the talismanic influence by which
she was enabled to hold her present position? He
compared her to Palmyra of old. She had a posi-
tion which gave her the market of the whole of
Europe, east and west; and the position of New Eng-
land had given her the commercial power she wield-
ed, and the wealth she possessed. He spoke at
some length on this subject, and then contemplated
the state of things as it might exist if England ob-
tained a controlling influence in Texas as an inde-
pendent nation, with the free admission of English
manufactures in exchange for Texian products,thus
diverting the current of that commerce which made
New England what she was. He said Lord Aber-
deen had admitted such to be the policy of Eng-
land.
And let me tell you now a fact, that the Red
river, at the high floods which disembogues into the
Mississippi, is united to the Trinity, a stream that
empties itself into the Gulf of Mexico; and it re-
quires but a small canal to unite these streams, and
to convey the products of the West to the shores of
the Gulf to be shipped as Texian produce to the mar-
kets of Europe free of duty. Did they believe that
the desire to conform to our restrictive laws was so
deep and so strong in the hearts of their western
brethren as to prevent them from availing themselves
this advantage? Whence did they get their returns
for the cotton, the lead, the tobacco, and the various
articles of (heir productions? Did they not get them
at Europe? Did they think the western people
would be content to pay the merchants of Boston,
the manufacturers of Lowell, the people of New
York and Pennsylvania, for cloth sand cutlery 40, 50,
or 100 per cent., when they could get this reciprocity
convention? Let this scheme be carried out, and
where was the prosperity of New England? Where
the twelve millions of dollars, raised, in a great meas-
ure, from shoes? As Mr. Webster said, French
shoes and British hats would quickly supersede
those manufactured in this country, the moment
they were admitted duty free? And would not the
people of the West buy the latter, when they were
to be procured cheaper? Who did not see that it
directly struck at the prosperity of the Eastf
What, then, was the condition of the southern
Atlantic States? The South could not afford the
expense of transport across the mountains from
Texas. They then left with this reduced price
of cotton, (because their cotton would sell in Eu-
rope for the lowest modicum prise, while Texas
cotton got a superior price as 17 per cent, to nothing,)
must expect their money at the north; and thus, by
this operation of necessity, they were completely
fleeced. Wm not this inevitable?
But what was the position of the West? (he spoke
in the spirit of a statesman, if he was capable pf it}
