COMGRESSioNAjL GLOBE.
tion -authorizing Congress to admit new States
applied as well to foreign territory as to that
already belonging to the United States... He
should not go back to the debates in the
convention to find the proper construction of that
article; he only wanted to look at the venerated
names signed to the constitution to be satisfied that
they were not governed by such narrow views as to -
mean that the area of freedom and the principles of
civil and religious liberty should be confined within
the limits of the old thirteen States.
He said Mr. Clay in 1820, at the session after
the treaty of 1819, by which Florida was pur-
chased and Texas ceded, introduced a resolution
to this House, which asserted the doctrine that
the constitution vested in Congress the power
to dispose of territory, and that such cession
was riot valid without the assent of Congress. He
admitted that the President of the United States and
two-thirds of the Senate constituted the treaty-
making power of this country, end had the right to
acquire territory; but while he admitted the right,
he always regarded its exercise as extremely dan-
gerous, for it possessed the power to acquire territory
in the absence of the will of the representative branch
of Congress; and what, he asked, would be the dan-
gerous consequence of such power being in the
hands of a corrupt executive and Senate? Why,
some morning the citizens of Rhode Iisland, with
her green hills and smiling vales, might find them-
selves, to their great mortification, the subjects of
the descendant of that Charles for whose charter so
much affection was felt that they imprisoned those
citizens who endeavored to supplant it by a written
constitution. Much had been said of the early his-
tory of Texas; but, in his opinion, it was sufficient
to look at her present position. Is Texas indepen-
dent' (Was that all it was necessary to establish?
That sKe was, he had evidence in abundance; her
independence was acknowledged by our own and
by European nations; and to object to it anything
which might be found in her earlier history, was no
more worthy of consideration, than would be the
objection to ourselves that our independence origi-
nated in a Boston mob. After briefly adverting to
the success of her arms on the plains of San Jacinto,
he reminded the committee that she was severed
from this Union without her consent. He then
proceeded to contend that it was important that
Texas should be ours as matter of national defence,
and in the course of his remarks he made some
strictures on the speech yesterday delivered by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. BmffKERiiorr.] He
then described the advantages of Texas to our com-
merce, especially of the western StatesJ
With reference to the consideration that had been
mentioned in this debate, that if we were involved
in a war on account of Texas, Mexico would send
out her privateers and cripple our commerce, let
them discharge one gun, said Mr. B., and Mexico
would soon be stricken from the roll of nntions, and
over her capital would float the banner of freedom.
At the banks of the Del Norte, (alluded to by some
gentlemen as the natural boundary of our posses-
sions,) Mr. B. prophesied our empire would not
cease; but fifty years would not pass before it can ied
all of Mexico; and a century would not pass before
it might be found (he was understood to say) on the
coast of Patagonia.
Alluding to the slavery question which had been
raised here with all its bugbears, he said that he re-
garded it an institution of the constitution, guarantied-
to the South; and to the farthest extent, even to the
annexation of Texas, was he ready and prepared to go
to sustain them in this institution? His fr end [Mr.
Brinkerhoff] said he would not go for Texas un-
less half of it was made a fiee territory. Let the gen-
tleman remember that Oregon would be coming in
soon; and if the South were to rise and object to it
unless one half of it were made a slave territory,
would the gentleman go for yielding to their de-
mands? Although Mr. B. did not regard the Mis-
souri compromise as binding, he was for observing
it here.
Afier some further remarks, embracing an enthu-
siastic eulogy of the West, Mr. B. proceeded to ex-
press his regiet that gentlemen had attempted to
give anything like a sectional or party character to
this subject. It was a great national, a great Ameri-
can question, rising above and paramount to all the
petty party questions that divided and subdivided
us. Me regretted that his time did not permit him
to allude to some of the remarks of the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman.] In the
great political contest just passed, (said Mr,
B.,) he has told us that we. have selected and
elected a man unknown; and he wished no
better evidence of the reverse of' that,than the
manner in which that nomination has been respond-
ed to from the rock-bound hills of Massachusetts
down to the Sabine. He would not pretend to say
what would be the result of the administratipn of
that gentleman; but he believed, of all qualities, that
which eminently qualified a man for the chief magis-
tracy of the nation—honesty of heart, integrity—
James K. Polk possessed in a great degree; and he
honestly believed that under his administration, as
under that of "Old Hickory," the vessel of state
would ride the waters "like a thing of life."
Mr. B.'s remarks were here terminated by the ex-
piration of the hour. _
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS obtained the floor, ffle
admitted the great importance of the subject unaer
consideration, and he believed that one of more en-
during interest to the nation had scarcely ever been
presented to an American CongressD He avowed
frankly that he should not be displeased, but, on
the contrary, that he should be gratified if Texas
could become a part of the United States, in con-
formity to the constitution, without the violation of
our neutral obligations, without any dishonor to
the nation, and with the general concurrence of the
people. He spoke of the natural fruitfulness of its
soil, and of its capacity to the produce of cotton—
that great commodity of the world—in amount
equal to all that produced at the present time m the
United States; and, taking in connection with this
the fact of its contiguity, he said it appeared exceed-
ingly desirable to the people of that country, and of
this country also, that they should form different
parts of a confederated empire.
But his wish tliat Texas should form a^part of
this confederacy, was subordinate to other consider-
ations—subordinate to his attachment to this Union
as this Union now existed. Sooner than endanger
the continuaice and perpetuity of this Union as it
now existed, he would not annex Texas in any pos-
sible form.
The question to which he should principally con-
fine his remaiks was that of power. The prin-
cipal constituent in which our government was sup-
posed superior to all others that had preceded it by
those who, looking back upon the history of prece-
ding governments, had framed this, was," not tha< it
was a popular representative government—not that
it was a government of delegated, limited powers;
but its peculiar excellence—that excellence upon
which the hope of its perpetuity was based by those
who framed it—was the fact of its written con-
stitution; that it was u government of specified, lim-
ited, delegated powers; that the landmarks were
laid down, beyond which the government, in its
operations, was not to extend. He feared that our
fathers had attached to this principle a value to
which it was not entitled, and that it was about to
prove a delusion—a mere humbug. What was a
law? He read a definition defining it to be a rule of
conduct which the authority invested by the funda-
mental law of the country with the power of legisla-
tion prescribed to the citizens or subjects of that
country, and to which the citizen or subject owes
obedience. Was it a dispensation of the power
of legislation that was to bring Texas into this
Union' There was but one party to a law, and that
was the law-making power. It was not a compact
which gave rise to mutual obligations and mutual
rights. Now no gentleman on this lloor would con-
tend that it was an exercise of the law-making pow-
er to annex Texas. It must, then, classify itself un-
der the treaty-making power. A treaty was a com-
pact between the severe] authorities of independent
nations, by which they made mutual stipulations,
and by which reciprocal obligations were entered
into and reciprocal rights acquired by the contract-
ing parties. The treaty-making power had been
specifically invested m the Senate—with the
President and two-thirds of the Senate, or with
the assent of eighteen out of the twenty-six
States of the Union. Here was the treaty-making
power granted on this firm and specified basis, and
there it ought to rest as long as this Amercan con-
federacy endured. Mr. D. then proceeded to argue
that the right to acquire new States or territory re-
sided in the treaty-making power; that it was one of
the most high, interesting, enduring forms in which
that power could be exercised. That was the prin-
ciple of the law of nations as laid down by Vattel's
Grotius, by our own Kent, and by every writer
theron? It was, that where the treaty-making pow-
er was conveyed, without limit or qualification, it
necessarily carried the power to cede and to acquire
territory; and he contended that the constitution of
the United States necessarily conferred that power.
A nation was to endure a long time; its life was not
to be -measured by the life of man, or by genera,
tions; and our fathers never intended to limit _tha
treaty-making power, and shut out the power of
fiving or ceding territory; because tfeey_ knew the
istory of the past; and they knew that circumstan-
ces might arise in which the exercise of this power
would be necessary.
Mr. D. continued to argue at length that Texas
could not be annexed to the Union, otherwise than
by the treaty-making power; and that,'though ter-
ritory already acquired might be admitted into the
Union by a legislative act, it must be-acquired by
treaty before it could be admitted into the Union. •,
He pursued his argument at some length, and
quoted Mr. Jefferson's opinion on the acquisition of
foreign territory in support of the position he had
assumed. This House, he went on to say, sought
to divest the treaty-making power of the duties
which were peculiarly its own. He then referred
to the argument of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. J. P. Kennedy,] by which he had contended
that no person, according to the provisions of the"
constitution, could be a member of this House, un-
til he had been a citizen of the United States seven
years, nor a senator until he had been a citizen nine:
years. Louisiana waited, after admission into thia.
Union, until her citizens were qualified to sit here,
before she took her place among the States of the
Union; but it was proposed to do violence to the
constitution by admitting Texians at once. He said
the argument of the gentleman from Maryland on
that subject was unanswered, and unanswerable.
He was continuing his remarks, when his hour ex-
pired.
Mr. BOWLIN next obtained the floor; but
The committee rose, and reported progress; and
Tne House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. By HAM GItSF.N: The remonstrance of 76 citi-
zens of the town of Macedon. in the county of Wayne, New
York, against the annexation of Texas. ,
By Mr CALDWELL: The petition of Josiah Headen'*
heirs; the petition of Moses "Wright; the petition of IJenja-
mm Hansford; the petition .of Fielding Pratt; which were
referred to the appropriate committees
l'y Mr. WU1.ATOX: The petition of Henry G Shults,
asking a pension on account of wounds and disabilities re-
ceived during the i,ite war n ith Great Britain: referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
B\ Mr cLINTO.N: 'ihe petition of General Isaac Bel-
knap, of Orange county, New Yorli, for a pension
By Mr. TYLER: Thereportand resolutions of citizens of
Chautauqua county, New York, in relation to the public
woiks at Portland harbor.
By Mr. T. Ii SE YMOUR: The petition of the heirs of Col.
Thomas Knowlton, to authorize the payment of the seven
years' half-pay due on account of the services of the de-
ceased in the war of the revolution: referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims
By Mr HARPKK: The petition of Jeremiah Sims, pray-
ing lor an increase of pension: referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. C. M. HEkD: The petition of .1 C Spencer, esq , and
ISO citizens of Erie, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to pass
a law reducing the rates of postage to 6 cents on ali single
letters, and double in propoition to weight, and not the
number of pieces of paper.
IN SENATE.
Wkdxesday, January 15, 1845.
The PRESIDENT pro tnn. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
partment, giving certain information in answer to a
resolution of the Senate, as to the condition of the
custom-house at INew Orleans, and the title of the
United States to the ground on which it stands.
On motion of Mr: HUNTINGTON, ordered to
lie on the table. ,
CORRECTION.
Mr. MOREIIEAD said it was not often that he
thought it necessary to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to anything concerning himself particularly; but
he was induced to rise this morning to correct a
mistake which had occurred in one of the city pa-
pers, ill a statement either editorial or by one of the
reporters. He was made to say, in the Globe of
tli's morning, that, in the few observations with
which he had troubled the Senate yesterday, he
had declared himself in favor of the annexation of
Texas, if constitutionally done. Now he had no
doubt the reporter had properly understood Ilia
views, as would appear in the report of his remarks.
He took this occasion to say that he had mada nq •
