138
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
such declaration as that imputed to him; and that
it was no purpose of his to make a declaration that
he was in favor of annexation. But he did say-
that he concurred with the senator from North Car-
olina, [Mr. IIaywood.] in the hope that the ques-
tion would be settled some day; or other; and when
•it was settled, that it was extremely desirous that
it should be done in a constitutional way. This
correction he thought it necessary to make, in order
that there might be no misinterpretation of a wish
which he thought proper to present to the Senate
yesterday.
- Mr. WOODBURY presented a memorial from
Benjamin A. Swasey, of Marblehead, Massachu-
setts, in relation to the breakwater at that place;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a petition from
Samuel Hartley, and other citizens of Saco and
Eiddeford, Maine, asking for an appropriation for
the repair of the piers in, the Saco river; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BARROW presented a memorial from sun-
dry surgeons and assistant surgeons iu the navy,
asking Congress to pass a law allowing them rela-
tive rank: referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs,
Mr. DAYTON presented a memorial from cer-
tain citizens of the city of Philadelphia, requesting
that Congress will reject all propositions for the an-
nexation of Texas as a slaveholding country: refer-
red to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ASHLEY presented a petition from Wm. R.
Hunter and 114 other citizens of Arkansas and Mis-
souri, praying for the establishment of a post-road
from Pocahontas and Randolph City, Arkansas, to
Eleven Point, in Ripley county, Missouri: refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. MERRICK presented a petition from a num-
ber of citizens of Bradford county, Pennsylvania,
praying for a modification of the franking priv-
ilege, and a reduction of the rates of postage. Also
a similar memorial from Adams county, Pennsyl-
vania, numerously signed: ordered to lie on the ta-
ble, a bill for the purpose having been reported.
Also presented a petition signed by messengers
and assistant messengers employed in the office of
the Auditor of the Post Office Department, asking
that their compensation may be increased, so as to
place them on a level with persons occupying a sim-
ilar grade in other departments of the government:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also presented a petition from David Little, for-
merly employed as a messenger in the Post Office
Department, asking that the extra compensation
which was promised by the head of the department
may be allowed him: referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial, nu-
merously signed by citizens of Adams county, Penn-
sylvania, praying for a reduction of the rates of
postage: ordered to lie on the table.
Also presented a memorial, numerously signed by
citizens of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania,
requesting Congress to so change the natuialization
laws as to require a residence of foreigners of twen-
ty-one years before they shall be entitled to the
privilege of voting: referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
OREGON.
Mr. ALLEN remarked that, some three or four
weeks ago, the Senate, on his motion, passed a res-
olution requesting the President of the United States
to repoit to the Senate, if not incompatible with the
public interest, any correspondence which had ta-
ken place between the United States government and
the government of Great Britain touching the Ore-
gon question. He desired to know of the Chair
whether any message had been received from the
executive in answer to that resolution.
The CHAIR said that, no message had been re-
ceived, within his knowledge, in lesponse to that
resolution.
Mr. ARCHER merely rose to say tnat tnere had
been no response received. Of course, he should
have known the fact, as chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, if a message had been received.
Any motion on the subject on the part of the sena-
tor from Ohio would be unnecessary now. In a
few days the result of the attempted negotiation on
the part of the English government and the United
States concerning the Oregon question would be
transmitted to the Senate.
Mr. ALLEN said he would present to the Sen-
ate a petition and proceedings of a meeting of a num-
ber of citizens of the county of Fairfield, in the State
of Onio, in which they pray that Congress will ex-
tend, through a territorial government, the law of the
United States, this session, over the territory of Ore-
gon. They give many reasons, and good ones, for
the suggestions they make to the government. The
letter enclosing to him the proceedings of the meet-
ing—which letter was from one of the best men in
the Stale—informed him that he meeting was com-
posed mainly of farmers, farmers who live on their
farms, and who are hardy, cool and collected, and
not excited by the contact or friction of cities, and
whose voice usually, in this country, is expressive of
the general voice of the nation. In presenting this
petition, he presented only the will of a part of the
Ohio people, with whom he was not only politically,
but personally connected. He meant the farmers
of the goodly old county of Fairfield; who embody
in themselves all the higher elements which charac-
terized the strong sense, unfaltering industry, and
an integrity beyond the reach of suspicion. In pre-
senting the proceedings of a meeting thus express-
ing, he felt, the general voice of the nation, he would
take occasion to say that he believed the people of
the United States are more sensible of the deep interest
involved in this question than the government of
the United States seemed to be. Some three years
ago, in the public mind of this country, there exist-
ed an apprehension of danger of a war with Great
Britain. It was relieved from that apprehension by
the coming thither of a minister (Lord Ashburton)
charged, as we were told by our government before
the opening of the negotiation, with power to nego-
tiate to a final and peaceful conclusion all the out-
standing questions in controversy between the two
governments. It proceeded; and when there had
been settled those points most interesting to Great
Britain, it was found, for the first time, that the au-
thority of the under commission of the British nego-
tiator did not extend to this all-important question
of Oregon. The treaty was concluded and ratified.
Part of the country—the friends of Oregon and of
America resident m the Great West—looked at this
time with deep interest to the matter of obtaining
possession of that territory by the population of the
United States, under the guaranty of its laws.
There was introduced here a bill for that purpose,
which subsequently obtained the sanction of a ma-
jority of this body, and to that extent became a law,
so far as this body was concerned. Congress ad-
journed; and about the second steamer which struck
our shore from Great Britain, after the adjournment,
brought us the denunciation of this lill thus passed
in the Senate, made in Parliament by the chief min-
isters of Englsnd—Sir Robert Peel and Lord Pal-
merston. Well, sir, the friends of Oregon moved
in the matter at the succeeding session; and
at the very outset of that session they
were met by the declaration that it was useless
for Congress to act in this matter; that Great Brit-
ain had despatched a minister specially charged
with the negotiation of it; and that, in all proba-
bility, if it were delayed for a few weeks, the whole
subject would be terminated in a manner satisfac-
tory to the American people, and calculated forever
to quiet the apprehension of difficulty. The action
of Congress was in part paralyzed by that declara-
tion. The minister arrived; and, when he arrived,
we were told that it was found that he was not spe-
cially charged with this negotiation, but tint he was
a general minister, sent here to supervise the inter-
ests of his country. But still we were told that the
action of Congress was unnecessary, as a negotia-
tion would be concluded before the adjournment.
Congress adjourned, but ignorantly as it met, so far
as it concerned this negotiation relative to Oregon.
The intervening session of Congress has passed,
and one-half of this session has passed likawise;
yet we know nothing about that negotiation more
than we did the day it was commenced. The
farmers—the tenants of the soil—whose sons would
be the tenants of the soil of Oregon ere long, had
taken this matter in hand. They were urging upon
Congress to proceed, without delay, to secure their
rights and interests in that great and valuable por-
tion of the globe. And now let him say, that if the
British government were really trifling with our
government to obtain the title, our government
ought not to trifle with the American people upon
this subject. He believed now, as he telieved at
the outset of this business, that it was one of those
cases which did not admit of final settlement by ne-
gotiation—especially with such a power as Great
Britain, who claims territory in order that, by the
very claim, she may force the real owners into the
necessity of equally dividing it with her.
On his motion, the petition was referred to the
Select Committee oh Oregon.
Mr. SEYIER presented a petition from Lorenzo
N. Clark, claiming indemnity for losses which ac-
crued to him as contractor to supply the emigrating
Indians with rations, by their failing to emigrate at
the period supposed in the contract: referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by
law for the settlement of the accounts of Lorenzo N. Clark
against the United States.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of (he adminis-
trator of William D. Clayton, deceased, late a sol-
dier in the United States army, praying the allow-
ance of his pay.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a petition from
sundry masters of vessels and steamers on the up-
per lakes, praying that beacon lights maybe erected
in the entrance of the port of Chicago, a breakwater
at Michigan city, Indiana, and that an appropriation
may be made for the removal of obstructions in the
mouth of that harbor: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. RIVES presented a memorial from John B.
Randolph, passed midshipman in the navy of the
United States, asking additional compensation for
extra services performed: referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the Committee on
Naval Affairs was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Eliza M. Cloud, widow
of a surgeon in the navy of the United States, and
the petition of Francis Pottinger, a deceased naval
officer, praying for pensions—these cases being em-
braced in the biii which was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading yesterday.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back, without
amendment, the bill from the House authorizing the
Postmaster General to contract with railroad com-
panies in certain cases, without advertising for pro-
posals therefor; and reported back, with an amend-
ment, (which was ordered to be printed,) the bill to
provide for the transportation of the mail between
the United States and foreign countries.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
made an adverse report in the case of Levin Weth-
ered, praying the refunding of certain duties paid
under the new tariff, the goods on which they were
paid-being ordered before the enactment of that law.
Ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, reported back,
without amendment, the bill providing for the pay-
ment of evidences of public debt in certain cases.
Also, from the same committee, to which was re-
ferred sundry memorials from States and railroad
co-mpanies, praying for a remission of duties on
railroad iron, reported a bill for the relief ©f the
State of Michigan, and ccrtain railroad companies;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Also gave notice of his intention to introduce, to-
morrow, a bill for the relief of Joseph Morris.
On motion by Mr. ATHERTON, the Commit-
tee on Pensions was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Nathaniel Phillips,
asking compensation for injuries received on board
the ship John Adams; and it was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BR.EESE, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported back, without amendment, the
bill to extend the national road to the city of Alton,
on the Mississippi river. The report accompany-
ing was ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. FOSTER of New York, the
Judiciary Committee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of Gregory Thom-
as; and leave was granted him to withdraw his pa-
pers.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files of the Senate the petition
and papers of George Duval, a Cherokee Indian.
Mr. N1LES, from the Committee on Pensions,
made an adverse report on Uie petition of J. F.
Caldwell, praying for indemnity for losses sustain-
ed in consequence of the alteration in his contract
