1412
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ber of the democratic party. But if, as some gen-
tlemen contended, this was a power inherent and
incidental, to sovereignty—if they could do any-
thing which was not prohibited, as an in-
cident of sovereignty,—they could abolish sla-
very in the States. But this was a doctrine
which he did not admit. JBut, independent of
of the slavery question, which was here involved,
he objected to annexation in the present posture of
affairs, for he could not do it consistently with the
good faith and honor of the country; and if the
question was submitted to him—much as he ab-
horred slavery—in a position which would make it
entirely free from slavery—if the ordinance of 1787
were applied to the whole of it, he would vote
« against annexation, because he considered it uncon-
stitutional, and as doing injustice to Mexico,
and therefore staining the honor of this country".
He hoped gentlemen would not overlook the history
of our negotiations with that country. He alluded
. to the attempt to obtain Texas by negotiation in
i 1821; and to the attempt of Mr. Forsyth (who was
, then in Mexico) to obtain a treaty cession in 1829,
'■ on the payment of five millions of dollars, with the
- willingness to go one million further. He next ad-
1 verted to the subsequent attempts made bv Mr.
Butler.
He next spoke of the fitting out of expeditions
from this country to wrest Texas from Mexico, and
annex her to this country;and then proceeded to say
that it had been asserted that the question of annex-
ation had been settled by the people in the late elec-
tion. He believed there were many who desired
to extend our territory; but that the manner of doing
it was an open question. He did not believe that
the people had determined the manner in which
Texas should be annexed to the Union. The State
of Maine had given some 10,000 majority for Polk
and Dallas in the late election; but still her governor
in his message had spoken of the acquisition of that
territory as a question of great delicacy, and as one
which must be settled on just and honorable terms,
and by negotiations to be confided to the adminis-
tration about to succeed to power. He did not ad-
mit the interference of this government at all. The
people of Maine were not wedded to any of these
schemes now proposed; and in the Senate of her
legislature resolutions on this subject were rejected
by a majority of 24 to 7—by a body in which there
were but three whigs.
He referred to the fact, that one year ago, when
resolutions against the annexation of Texas had
passed the House of Representatives, and were laid
on the table of the same Senate who had now re-
versed their action. What kind of instructions
were these from the legislature and the people of
Maine?
Our government, he said, had not preserved that
neutrality which became her in the contest between
Mexico and Texas; she had sent General Gaines
with an armed force of the United States into Texas
with the pretext of preventing the hostilities of the
Caddo Indians. He referred at length to the histo-
ry of the past to show that this was but an empty
pretext; and that the real object was to aid the Tex-
lans m the conquest of Mexico, (as was declared by
the governor of Louisiana, when he refused to raise
troops for this purpose, and as was declared by
General Macomb.) The battle of San Jacinto was
fought, and was (he said) not by Texians, but by
citizens of the United States, two-thirds of whom
afterwards returned to the United States. When
their independence was thus acquired, application
was made by her for admission into our con-
federacy—not by the action of both Houses of
Congress, (they did not dream of such a thing
at that time,) but by treaty; and Mr. Van Bu-
ren at that time instructed Mr. Forsyth to say
that as long as Texas remained at war with Mexi-
co, so long the annexation of Texas necessarily
devolved that war upon us. To show this, he
quoted from the letter of Mr. Forsyth. Mr. Van
Buren was right on that subject in 1837; and he
was right in 1844. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs said that there was no danger
of a war with Mexico. Mr. Van Buren said there
was. The Mexican minister said so. But the in-
dependence of the country had not been achieved.
So said Mr. Upshur at onetime, and so said the
President at onetime. If Texas was independent,
and able to maintain her independence, there could
be no necessity for annexation. If she was not able
to achieve it—if she had not accomplished it, then
we had no right to make a treaty with her.
The chaipman of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs also said there was no danger of a war with
England in case of annexation. Who knew this?
If there was any arrangement by which England
was to take Cuba, or a part of Oregon, in case we
annexed Texas, it must be some sort.of agreement
by which she was sure to get the better. He wish-
ed no such combination for the spoliation of a
weaker power—no such partition of country like the
partition of Poland.
Mr. S. read extracts from a speech of Mr. Wise,
during the last Congress, in which,- in connection
with the annexation of Texas, something was said
about the plundering of Mexico, the rifling her
churches, &c., and that the result would be the ex-
tension of slavery, so that it would not stop short
of the western ocean; and, as corroborative evidence
of this design to extend slavery on the part of
others who were connected with the annexation
movement, he referred to the fact that, in the cor-
respondence accompanying it, the treaty was ex-
pressly put on this ground; and further, (he said,)
that when it was heard that France and England
were going to guaranty the independence of Texas,
our minister [Mr. King] was despatched to France
to protest against it, (the independence of Texas
was the last thing our government wanted at that
time,) and to tell France that if the progress of
emancipation was arr'ested on this continent, and if
slavery were restored where the Mexicans had
abolished it, we could send the tropical productions
at a much lower rate than if cultivated by white
labor. Here was a conspiracy to cheapen labor, to
extort the greatest possible amount of labor at the
lowest compensation. How often had we heard
tirades on this floor against this very thing on the
part of the British government—against the com-
binations in Great Britain to bring down and to keep
down the price of labor there? Mr. S. dwelt at
some length on this portion of his subject.
Mr. S. then combated the argument that the an-
nexation of Texas was necessary to prevent smug-
gling, and then proceeded to argue that this country,
under the Louisiana treaty, never had a right to the
country.
Mr. HAMMETT then obtained the floor,- and
moved that the committee rise; which motion being
adopted,
The House adjourned.
The following notices of petitions, presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr, St. JOHN: The petition of Charles P Judson and
45 others, citizens of Vermillion, Ohio, asking Congress to
make an appropriation to continue the improvement of the
harbor of that place, also the same petitioners a&k for an ap-
propriation to continue the improvement of the harbor at
Sandusky city, Ohio: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
By Mr. MACLAY: The memorial and evidence of Henry
"Wright, administrator of "Wm. Bunce, deceased, praying
compensation for injury by burning his property, &c.
By Mr. SHEPARD GARY. The petition of John F. II.
Kail and others for a reduction of postage: referred to the
Committee on the Post Olfi.ce and Post Roads.
By Mr. DUNLAP: The petition of Anna Graflkn, of Port-
laud, Maine, piaying for a pension
By Mr HOGJC: The memorial of the mayor and aldermen
of the city of Galena, asking- an appropriation of land for the
erection and endowment of a marine hospital m the said
city of Galena: referred to the Committee on Public Lands
By Mr E J. MORRIS: Two petitions from citizens of
Philadelphia, asking a modification of the naturalization
laws, and an extension oi the time of probation; also a peti-
tion from citi-zens of Philadelphia, asking the abolition of
slavery in the Distnct ol Columbia.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of Isaac Hulse and others,
surgeons end assistant surgeons in the navy, praying that
the rank of medical officers in the navy may be assimilated
to that of the medical officers in the army.
By Mr. PHCENIX: The petition of Mrs. Ann Mix, widow
of the late commander Mervin R .Mix for compensation for
the use of the manger stopper, invented by her husband.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 16'. 1845.
The PRESIDENT pro km. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Postmaster General,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 6th January, information received
since the commencement of the present session,
illustrative of the operation of the penny-postage
system of England, and the effect upon the revenues
of the Post Office Department by the reduced rates.
On motion of Mr. AtERRICK, 1,500 copies of
the above report, in addition to the usual quantity,
were ordered to be printed for the use of the Senate,
and 1,000 copies for the Post Office Department, for
distribution to the deputy postmasters throughout
the Union.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, the report of the i
Secretary of the Treasury, relative to the condition
of the custom-house at New Orleans, was ordered to •
be printed, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. '
-Mr. SEVEIR presented a petition from Samuel
Norris and others, sureties of Luban C. Howell, 1
late receiver of the public moneys in Arkansas, ask-
ing permission, by law, to compromise with the
government: referred to the Judiciary Committee. '
Also presented a petition from G. W. Patruck, of
Arkansas, praying for the establishment of a mail .
route from Clarksville to Carroll, iri that State: re- *
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Joint Committee on ths
Library, to which was recommitted the bill to
establish the Smithsonian institution for the increase
and diffusion of knowledge among men, reported
the same back with several amendments; which were
ordered to be printed. He gave notice that he
would ask for the consideration of the bill to-
morrow.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a paper which he
would, when the bill came up for consideration, of-
fer as an amendment. It was ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. CHOATE, the Committee on
the Library were discharged from the further con-
sideration of the resolution of the Senate instruct-
ing them to inquire into the expediency of author-
izing the publisher of Elliott's debates to append to
that work Mr. Madison's report of the debates
of the convention on the formation of the consti-
tution.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported back, with an
amendment, (which was'ordered to be printed,) the
bill relative to the appointment of assistants to the
Postmaster* General.
Mr, EVANS, on leave, introduced a bill granting
a pension to Joseph Morris; which was twice read,
and referred to the Committee-on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. FAIRFIELD, the petition and
papers of Byron M. Darling and others, concerning
the loss of the papers of the fishing schooner St.
Cloud, of Bluehill, were ordered to be taken from
the files, and, with additional evidence he then pre-
sented, referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The adverse report of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, in the case of J. F. Caldwell,
coming up for consideration, was, on the motion of
Mr. ARCHER, ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MERRICK presented a memorial from the
watchmen employed in the Post Office Department,
asking for compensation equal to that received by
the watchmen of other departments: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The following bills from the House were read
twice, and referred, as follows:
The bill to correct a clerical error in the act sup-
plementary to the act to regulate arrests in mesne
process m the District of Columbia, and to amend
the title of that law: referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
The bill to authorize the sale of two Arabian
horses received as a present by the consul of the
United States at Zanzibar, in the dominions of the
lmaum of Muscat; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The following bills were read the third time and
passed, viz:
The bill entitled "An act for the relief of the heirs
of Williams Fisher, deceased."
The bill entitled "An act for the relief of Asa
Andrews."
The bill entitled "An act assenting to an act of
the legislature of Virginia, entitled An act further
to amend the act to incorporate the Chesapeake and
Ohio canal."
The bill for the relief of William Elliott, jr., of
Fulton county, Illinois.
OREGON—CORRECTION.
Mr ARCHER rose to ask the attention of the
Senate to an explanation relative to a paragraph
which had appeared in one of the morning papers of
this city. It would be in the recollection of the
Senate, that yesterday, in reply to the inquiry of an
honorable senator from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] wheth- *
er any communication had been received from the
Department of State, in answer to a resolution
which he had sent there some weeks ago, he (Mr.
A.) had stated that no communication had been re-
ceived; and for the purpose of guarding against any
