mm'
CONGftESSlONAt. GLOBE
u?
however, to this measure, because he did not be-
lieve that anything- would grow out of it, and the
time of the House would be unnecessarily consumed
by it. He recollected some years ago, a member of
this House, in his place, made a charge upon a citi-
zen of having committed a fraud,—he alluded to the
case of Mr. Stanberry and General Houston,—and
Houston -whipped him for it. The matter was
brought before the House, which, after consuming
two or three weeks in its examination, came to the
decision that they could punish Houston otherwise
than by a resolution of censure. He was sorry to
see so much time occupied on an affair that could be
better settled by the laws of the District than by the.
action of that House. If any gentleman of that
House had violated the laws, he was for letting the
mater be dealt with by the civil authority. If any
conflict took place in-that House between two of its
members, then it would be proper for the House to
take up the affair and vindicate its own dignity; but
when it occurred elsewhere, the House should not
notice it.
Mr. McD. concluded by renewing the motion to
lay the subject on the table; and
_ On taking the question on that motion, it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 82.
BOUNDARIES OF TEXAS.
Mr. Adams's resolution, which he offered yes-
terday, now came up in its order, and it was passed
as follows, after receiving some modification from
its author.
Resolvedl Tha the President of the United States be re-
quested to cause to be communicated to this House an}' in-
formation possessed by this government of the metes and
bounds, or latitude and longitude, of the territory of the re-
public of Texas within which the authority and jurisdiction
of the said republic is recognised by the inhabitants dwell-
ing within ;the said latitude and longitude; and also copies
of all the existing treaties of the republic of Texas with
powers other than the United States.
SURVEYS OP THE EXPLORING EXPEDITION.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS moved a reconsideration of
the vote by which, the House yesterday anopted the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to report to this House the best mode of publishing and dis-
posing of maps and charts of the surveys made by the late
exploring expedition and, also, for placing the plates on
which said surveys h&vebeeix engraved (under the direction
of the Joint Library Committee) under the care of the Sec-
retary of the Navy.
He said this resolution meant more than met the
eye. He referred to the attempt made at the
last session to place these plates under the control
of Lieut. Wilkes, and give him a copyright of the
book on the expedition. He hoped the vote would
be reconsidered, and that the resolution would be so
.modified as to direct the committee to inquire into
the expediency- of doin^ that which the resolution
made imperative upon them.
Mr. HOLMES explained that the object was
simply to print maps and charts from the plates for
sale at a specific price, so that the world might have
the benefit of the surveys. He instanced the mouth
of the Columbia river, which had been surveyed by
Lieutenant Wilkes, and said that the charts would
be of great service to captains sailing vessels to that
coast. -
Some conversation ensued, in which Mr. J. W.
DAVIS, Mr. GRINNELL, and Mr. J. P. KEN-
NEDY took part.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS then further expressed his
views in relation to these maps. His object was to
prevent their getting into the hands of a few, and
thereby compel the people to pay a large price for
that for which they baa already paid.
Mr. WINTHROP vindicated the gentleman from
Massachusetts, who introduced the resolution, [Mr.
Grinnei.1,,] fsom all improper motives.
Mr. SCHENCK thought the resolution w.-is not
comprehensive enough. What had the United
States done? Why, it had ordered to be printed the
beggarly number of 100 copies of this work. He
had been desirous to print a large number, so that
this government might pay the debts it owed to
other governments. He would at least publish a
sufficient number to deposite one copy in every sci-
entific library in this country, and to retain sufficient
wherewith to make exchanges. But the miserable,
beggarly number which they had ordered, would not
supply our own pttblic libraries.
He desired to see this government perform its
duty, and then he "would leave the results of this
expedition free as air, to be published by Captain
Wilkes or anybody else. It was suggested to him,
unless the copy right were retained, that there might be
cheap editions, eompendiums, &c., published. That
was just what he desired; he would .make the re-
sults of the exploring expedition (if it were really
what it professed to be) as familiar to the men and
boys of this country as Captain Cook's voyages or
any other work which they had been accustomed to
read from their youth.
He did not object to Captain Wilkes having the
use of the States prepared at the expense of the
government; and he presumed it would be attempted
to be denied that he was now having the use of some
of these plates.
In conclusion, Mr. S. asked the Committee on
the. Library to give to the House, either now or at'
some future time, a tangible proposition for publish- ,
ing, at the expense of the government, in liberal
numbers, a work which should exhibit all the re-
sults of this great expedition, and not leave the mat-
ter as it now stood—the government having spent
millions on the enterprise in the first place, and then,
having given to the public, for whose good the en-
terprise was undertaken, the beggarly number of
one hundred copies, leaving the remainder to be
locked up and remain a dead-letter, or be used by
others.
Mr. HALE favored the reconsideration of the
resolution in a few remarks, in order that the whole
subject might be thoroughly examined. He op-
posed the idea of the justice of Capt. W:lkes taking
out a copyright for himself for this work;
and said as well might the clerk of this
House take a copyright of the journal of this
House, or any other officer of tlie government a
copyright of the official records of his department;
and he contended there must be, in any state of the
case, a fraud upon the government. If it was a
private work, there wns no right that the plates of
the government should be taken to illustrate it with.
If it was a public work, there was no right that a
copyright should be taken out for it.
In the course of his remarks he yielded to an ex-
planation by Mr. BURKE.
Mr. H. concluded by moving the previous ques-
tion.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, the main question was ordered, and being
taken, the vote stood—ayes 54, noes 57. No quo-
rum voting.
Pending the question, on motion of Mr. HAM-
METT,
The House adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. HERRICK: The petition of Rachel Low and Anna
Hall, for seven years'helf-pay of their father, Col. Kbenezer
Francis, who was killed in the battle of Hubbardstown, on
the 7thof July,1777*. referred to the Committee <m Revolu-
tionary Claims.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of Charity Ben-
nington, and others, against the claim of Franklin Stratton,
of Pennsylvania, to the town site of the county seat of Kane
county, Illinois: referred to tlie Committee on Private Land
Claims.
By Mr. F,. D. POTTER: The petition of 67 citirens of
Ohio, tor the establishment of a post route from Van Buren,
Hancock county. Ohio, to Adrian, Lenawee county, Michi-
gan: referred to the Committee oil the Post Office and Post
Jioads. The petition of 270 freeholders of Cuyahoga coun-
ty, Ohio, asking for a division uf the State of Ohio into two
judicial districts for the United States court: referred to thg
Committee on the Judiciary.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 17, 1845.
Mr. HOPKINS said he was as anxious to dispose
of that bill as the gentleman from Ohio could be; but
he would object to all business until the report trom
the Committee on Accounts had been acted upon.
It was of sufficient importance to take precedence of
all other business.
Mr. HALE moved that the pending question of
reconsideration be postponed, that the House might
receive and act upon the report of the committcc.
Mr. HAMLIN-inquired if the pending question
could not be postponed by unanimous consent of
of the House, to be shown by no oljection being
offered.
Mr. TAYLOR begged to state that the report
which he now was prepared to submit, was ready
for presentation yesterday; but on a suggestion
being made to the committee that some explanation
or adjustment of the matter would be made, the com-
mittee had been induced to postpone its presentation
until this morning; but the committee 'had had no
communication from the clerk as they had been in-
duced to suppose, and they now were reatfy to
report. ■ •' VZ.J-
The pending question was then postpoa«l;aisa
the report was received by the House. .
The clerk read the report as follows: , , . - ■
The Committee on Accounts, in discharge of ffic
duties imposed upon them by one of the standing
rules of House, report: " Vv
That their attention having been drawn to tlie
consideration of the contingent fund of the House,
they gave notice to Mr. McNulty, the clerk to
whom is intrusted the disbursement of tha/said
"fund, to attend the committee with his accounts aM
-vouchers prepared to show how much had bccii Ex-
pended, and the balance on hand. The clerk. al-
though twice notified to appear, refused to obey'the
summons; and the committee were thus left to make
such investigation as they were able without,hifil.
It appears that at the time that Mr. McNulty was
appointed clerk, there was in .the treasury unex-
pended of the contingent fund of the House
§155,000; |75,000 more was appropriated for
that purpose by the act of the last session, arid
S2,000 received from the late clerk, Mr. M.
St. Clair Clarke, making in all the sum of §232,000.
Taking the amount of expenditures  s made-up in
the clerk's office as correct, (though it is not certain
that all the sums therein: charged have been paid,) it
appears that he has disbursed, in the year, ending
December 1, 1844; the sum of $172,000, A&ich
would leave a balance at that time unexpended, of
$60,000. The committee are informed that, by re-
quisition from the clerk, the whole amount of $232,-
000 has been drawn from the treasury; and upon, in-
quiry at the Patriotic Bank, where the clerk, accord-
ing to law, has kept his deposits of the public money,
the committee learn that there is a balance to his
credit of about $13,000, which the cashier has been
notified to retain. This sum, deducted from the un-
expended balance of $60,000, leaves a deficiency of
$47,000, which may be still further reduced by the
sum of $2,500, which the committee think will cover
all the payments made by the clerk since the com-
mencement of the session; so that the actual deficien-
cy, as nearly as can'be ascertained, amounts to
444,500, of which $20,000 is secured by the official
bond of the clerk; but for the balance of $24,500,
the government has no security except the personal
responsibility of the clerk.
In tracing the disposition of those funds the com-
mittee have learned that-, at different times since the
month of June last, the clerk has advanced to Dr.
E. J. Woodward, a produce dealer in Mount Ver-
non,Ohio, the sum of $30,000. $2,500 was paid to Levi
D. Slamm of New York, and about $2,750 to Thos.
J. Nurdy, cashier of the Savings Institute, Colum-
bus, Ohio. Whether the sums thus transferred
were by the clerk loaned to the individuals named,
or embarked in his own speculations, the committee
are not able to determine; but it was obviously .an
improper disposition of the public money, and un-
less explained, amounts to embezzlement, as defined
in the second section of the act of Congress, ap-
proved August 13, 1841.
Such official misconduct, accompanied as it-is'by
a stubborn refusal on his part to make the explana-
tion demanded by a committee of the House, re-
requires that he should be dealt with in a summary
manner, as well that the House may vindicate its
own character as for a warning to others, that infi-
delity on the part of a public officer will always be
promptly rebuked by the representatives of the peo-
ple.
The committee recommend the adoption of the
following resolutions:
' Bfsetafrf. That Caleb J. McNnlty be, and he is'hereby,
fro**! the ofHce of clerk of the House
Resab ed. That the Fecri tnry of the Treasury be directed
to mfitiu** iortlnvitlithe Jiec-'W.r) legal proceedings to as-
certain and set nre the balance ui tue public moneVdue
fi«m<-aleb J. >.c2suit\ as clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives - ,
Rpsoh ed. That the President of the United States be re-
qi'irptl to eau.-e criminal prosecutions to be commenced
peamst Caleb J McHulty. J*te clerk of this House, for an em-
be/.z^ment of the public roojipj. and all persons advising or
knowinirlv and w lltmgiy participating: in .such embezzle-
ment according to the- yvrcv Isions of the act 01 (-.ongress
approved August 13, 1841.
The SPEAKER put the question on the adoption
of the resolutions. - .
Mr. WELLER said he was not aware that it was
proposed to act on that- report at this time, espe-
cially that part of it which recommended the resort
to criminal prosecutions. He held in his hand a let-
! ter which had bsen addressed to Mr. McNulty,'of
! the date of the, 14th instant, but three dfiys ago,
