148
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
signed Charles A. Secor & Co., one of the most
responsible houses of the city of New York, and,
for the satisfaction of the House, he desired that it
might be read.
. The Clerk read the letter accordingly. It in-
formed Mr. McNulty that they held $14,845 49 to
his credit, and that $15,000 was held by the House
of Dibble, Pray & Co., for all of which his draft
would be duly honored.
Mr. WELLER resumed. The House would
discover that there was nearly £30,000 in the hands
of Secor & Co., and another firm, who were all
responsible men; and that ample security had been
taken by Mr. McNulty for it. It was not loaned
to them, bat was placed on deposit. He was told,
too, that the balance of the $45,000 would also be
accounted for; that it was also on deposit in the city
of New York. He made this statement to show
that the House and the country will sustain no loss
by the conduct of the clerk, in whose defence he
had nothing to say. So far as the security for $20,-
000, there would not be a dollar lost; and though
that did not amount to the whole of the deficiency,
yet he thought the security would be found amply
sufficient, not only for the $20,000 secured for their
bond, but for all the deficit that might remain over,
so that there would be no actual loss.
Mr. C. JOHNSON thought there was another
step which it was necessary for the House to take
before the adoption of these resolutions, and there-
fore he moved that the sergeant-at-arms be directed
forthwith" to arrest the clerk of this House, and
bring him before.it.
Mr. WELLER thought the proposition of the
gentleman from Tennessee was the proper one to
be adopted. Mr. McNulty was in the city, within
the jurisdiction of the House, and could be brought
here; and it appeared to him that that course should
be taken before they resorted to this summary pro-
cess. By the adoption of these resolutions, they
would destroy the reputation of the man. They
said he was guilty of embezzlement; but if he had
it in his power to show that his conduct was fair
and honorable, he (Mr. W.) was sure there was no
member of the House that would not be glad to
hear such an explanation. He thought some op-
portunity should be given to Mr. McNulty to ex-
plain.
'Some conversation ensued between Mr. C.
JOHNSON and Mr. TAYLOR.
Mr. HARDIN inquired if the resolutions of the
committee were not first in order? He should ask
for the yeas and nays when they were acted upon.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved a postponement of the
resolutions of the committee for one hour.
Mr. STEWART said the resolutions of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee could be acted upon after
the resolutions of the committee were disposed of.
The SPEAKER stated the question on the
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee
Mr. TH'JMASSON rose and said, before that
motion was agreed to, he desired to know if the
clerk of the House had advertised for proposals for
stationery according to the provisions of the law of
1842. It would be an easy matter for the committee
to give the House that information.
Mr. TAYLOR said he believed the clerk had not
for proposals; but he was also informed that the
clerk had only purchased a small amount of neces-
sary stationery, and therefore he had not consid-
ered it necessary to advertise.
The SPEAKER then put the question on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee to postpone
the resolutions, and it was agreed to.
Mr. C. JOHNSON then put the question on the
adoption of his resolution.
The Clerk read it, in compliance with numerous
calls of the members, as follows:
Resolved, That the sergeant at arms be directed forthwith
to arrest Caleb J McNulty, the clerk of this House, and
bring him before the House forthwith.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DEFALCATION OF THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE
OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. TAYLOR said he was directed by the Com-
mittee on Accounts to make a report in relation to
the official conduct of an officer of the House. He
hoped there would be no objection to its reception
at this time. (Cries of "No objection.")
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman that
there was a pending question, which was before the
House at its adjournment yesterday, which had pre-
cedence. It was the motion to reconsider the vote
by which the House had agreed to a resolution of-
ferred by Mr. Gkinnell, in relation to the plates of
maps and charts prepared by the officers of the ex-
ploring expedition.
A message was received from the Senate, which
was understood to be the bill fixing one uniform
day for the election of electors of President and Vice
President ofthe United States, with an amendment.
Mr. DUNCAN expressed his anxiety that the
House should take up and dispose of that bill.
Mr. POLLOCK desired to know by what au-
thority this House would proceed to arrest the of-
ficer ofthe House? This was a criminal proceeding.
[Cries of'No, no."]
Mr. C. JOHNSON was understood that the
House could arrest the clerk for a gross contempt.
Mr. POLLOCK said the resolution did not set
forth that cause of arrest, and the House had no au-
thority to assume the functions of a magistrate in a
criminal proceeding; yet, as the resolutions from the
committee had been postponed, the resolution of the
gentleman from Tennessee took precedence, and to
that they must proceed, although there was nothing
on the record to justify it.
Mr. ADAMS suggested to the mover of the reso-
lution a modification of it, or a change of a word—
viz: to strike out the wo'rd "arrest," and insert the
word "summon." [Cries of "No," "no."]' He
questioned the power of the House to arrest for a
criminal offence, (as he was understood, for he
spoke in a very feeble tone ot voice.) He thought
there should be an opportunity given to the House
to examine into the facts, before it passed any such
resolution as that proposed by the Committee of
Accounts; and secondly, the person accused should
have an opportunity of being heard. If, after being
summoned, he should refuse to appear, the House
might take such action as it thought proper; but if
they arrested him first, they might give him an op-
portunity of saying that he "had been unlawfully ar-
rested; and he might turn round upon this House
and charge upon it a violation of his rights of per-
sonal freedom. He trusted, therefore, that his sug-
gestion would be adopted. He moved the substitu-
tion ofthe word "summon" for the word "arrest."
Mr. HOUSTON said he could not agree in
opinion with the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Adams] as to the power of this House over its
officers; and should therefor-: *ote against the
amendment proposed by him to the resolution of
the gentleman fiom Tennessee, [Mr. C.Johnson.]
He believed this House had the undoubted power
to arrest any one of its officers, whenever a proper
case should be presented. He said it was unneces-
sary now to make an argument to show the various
cases in which the House might properly, or should
in duty, exercise the power. It was enough that
the facts, as presentee! by the Committee on Ac-
counts, make out a clear case in which we should
order an arrest. The committee summoned Mr.
McNulty on two several occasions (as they had a
perfect right to do) to appear and vindicate himself,
or to explain the transaction then under investiga-
tion by that committee, which seemed to implicate
him. "In neither instance did he appear; but treated
the summons with contempt. That conduct of the
clerk has been made known to the House by a re-
port from the committee; and it is now the duty of
the House to vindicate its own dignity, as well as io
protect one of its committees, by an order to arrest
the party, (who stands out in contempt of the
House,) and bring him up forthwith to answer the
demands of the law. I hope, therefore, the motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams]
will not prevail.
Mr. CHAPPELL said the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts proceeded, as it seemed
to him, on the idea of treating the clerk, when in-
culpated by a committee of this House, with more
tenderness than was due to other parties charged
with criminal offences. The report of the Commit-
tee on Accounts concludes with a resolution, which
was presented for the solemn adoption of this
House, charging on the clerk a criminal offence.
Now was not that sufficient evidence to authorize
the issuing of the highest process of which this
House is capable? The principles of the common
law, it seemed to him, settled that question. When-
ever any person was charged with an offence on
oath, or information before a magistrate, it was
sufficient to authorize his arrest: and when arrest-
ed, and brought before a magistrate, it was time
enough for him to answer. But if they issued a
summons, they left it at his optionto obey or to dis-
saving disregarded the summons issued by the
Committee of the House, what right had the House
to suppose he would pay a greater regard to our
own summons? He trusted the Clerk would not be
treated in this case in any other manner them that
which would compel his attendance before the
House.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON did not think there was
any ground for the objection taken by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams.] It was
the common practice, when the members failed to
attend in their seats, to make an order to the Ser-
geant-at-Arms to arrest them and bring them be-
fore the House. "Arrest" was the very word used
in the rule with reference to members; and could
it not be in reference to the Clerk, when he was
charged with an offence of so serious a nature' The
House wanted this officer before them, for the pur-
pose ofthe action of this House; they had the right
to do it. '
He moved the previous question; but yielded at
the request, and on pledge of its renewal, to
Mr. SAUNDERS, who remarked, that if there
was any thing before the House on which the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Cave Johnson] found-
ed the proceedings proposed in his resolution, it was
the report of the committee. This report proposed
first, that the Clerk should be dismissed; and next,
that they should instiluie criminal proceedings
against him. He concurred with the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adans,] that it was not
competent for this House to arrest its officer,
for the purpose of taking criminal proceedings
against him. He should think it, however,
perfectly proper to notify him to attend, to show
why he should not be dismissed; and when here, if
they thought proper, they could take the necessary
proceedings to hand him over to the civil author-
ities. He suggested that the resolution would, in
its provisions, meet the objects of both questions,
if it were so modified as to notify the Clerk to at-
tend here, to show cause why he should not we
dismissed, and to direct the Speaker in the mean
time to take the necessary steps for having him ar-
rested. That might be done by the Speaker ex-
hibiting the report made by the committee; and he
spposed either of the judges of the Supreme Court,
or 'he judges of the court of this District, upon this
simple exhibition of the report, would issue a war-
rant for the purpose of having him arrested. Thus
both objects would be accomplished.
Mr. S. resumed his seat, (failing by inadvertence
to renew the demand for the previous question.)
Mr. RAYNER said he took the ground that this
House had no right to institute criminal proceedings
against any person—one of its members, one of its
officers, or a private individual—except for the «reat
conservative principle of sustaining its own dignity
and character, and of'enabling it to carry on its own
proceedings. Now it would not be pretended that this
case presented either of these issues; and he pre-
dicted now, that if this man was summoned, and
brought before the House, the whole matter \vould
present a ridiculous farce before the country. What
would they do with him when they got him here'
It surely could not be for the purpose of instituting
criminal proceedings; it was not the design of the
constitution that this House should erect itself into a
judicial tribunal. If the Clerk had offended against
the law, the judicial tribunals were the authority
which were competent to punish him. The House
could dismiss him; he was a mere ministerial agent,
and could be removed ad libitum; and Mr. R. argued
that it was entirely unnecessary to bring him here
in order to dismiss him. He therefore took the
ground that their prelimi iary proceedings must be
consonant to the object which they had in view; and
as that object was not a criminal proceeding, he ask-
ed what ill the name of common sense they wanted
of him here? Would this House sacrifice its own
dignity by allowing every ministerial officer to come
here and consume days, weeks, and months in ques-
tions of this sort'
Mr. R. concluded by moving (in accordance with
the request of Mr. Saunders) the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. C. J. JNGERSOLL inquired if it were in
order now to move to reconsider the resolution post-
poning the report of the committee for one hour? -
[Cries of "No, no; don't go to that now."]
The SPEAKER replied that it would be in or-
der .
Mr. INGERSOLL made the motion; and was
proceeding to offer some remarks thereon;
| But, after several points of order, the question
