CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
by Mr. McNulty that he was now ready to respond
to the charges made against him.
Mr. McNulty rose, in his pl.ace at the Clerk's
table-, and, after a sentence or two uttered in so low
a tdne of voice as to be inaudible to the reporter, said
that this was the first time he had heard the charges
irtade by the Committee on Accounts against him
read. I shall, not choose (said he) to go into any
detail in replying to the charges made against
me, J will say this: that I have not my-
self used one dollar of the public funds;
that I have not lent to any individual in the world
one dollar of them; that lhaye made^o disposition'
of them that the law does notauthorize.me and jus-
tify me in' making; that, at the time the Committee
on Accounts sent me the first note, I replied to it,
saying to them, that the vouchers which showed the
disposition of the public money were in the posses-
sion and control of the accounting clerk of the of-
fice, then absent, and who might be expected'by
Monday or Tuesday of this week. I acquainted
those who were interested in the matter, of the fact
that the clerk had not returned at the time speci-
fied. I said to the gentleman who came to me to
speak of the matter, that J chose, before entering
into an investigation of my accounts before the
committee, to ask of the committee to let the ac-
counting clerk return, who was absent on a
visit of occasional absence, and would return
in a sliort time, as I have been confidently ex-
pecting him by every arrival since. I repeat,
I have neither used myself one dollar of the
public funds nor loaned to any person; I have
made d.eposites with different institutions, and with
some few individuals, oil the amplest securities and
the best evidence the world can afford, which will
be at hand on the arrival of my clerk. I inferred,
from receiving no answer from the Committee on
Accounts to my request to them to wait and let the
clcrk make his statement of the matter when he
leturned, that they were fully satisfied with my
reasons for delay to appear before them. They
sent me further information that they wished me
to appear with my accounts and vouchers; I knew
noihing about them, as I had nothing to do with
them except that I had the same supervision over
the business of this clerk as of all the other clerks in
my office; the accounts and vouchers were m his
possession. I told them the proceeding was most
extraordinary, when, if the security of public funds
was all the committee desired, they could have
evidence of that at any time, as they knew, i
thought it was mosi extraordinary that it could not
be delayed till the accounting clerk, in whose pos-
session the vouchers are, returned.
He gave the committee the statements of persons
who ought to know, and other information which
placed it beyond the possibility of doubt that this
clerk must be here m a short time. The matter
had been made public, and in such a way as to in-
flict a lasting injury on him, without the slightest
provocation or cause. He took occasion here to
say that he could settle with the Committee on Ac-
counts before ten o'clock to-morrow for every dollar
of the public money that ever came into his hands.
This was all he had now to say in answer to the
charges made against him, and he did not recollect
that there was anything else that he had not
answered. He begged leave to add that, unless it
was the pleasure of the House to detain him longer,
he did not desire further time than, till to-morrow at
ten o'clock. He could settle with the committee by
that time, or any other hour the House pleased.
Mr. WELLER desired to carrect a misunder-
standing that prevailed in the House this morning
It had been stated that Mr. Kershaw (the pay clerk
spoken of) had returned last night, and was now in
the city. This was incorrect. From information
that could be relied on, he would say that Mr. Ker-
shaw had not yet returned.
Mr. TAYLOR, chairman of the Committee on
Accounts, said that he understood the clerk to say,
in the explanation just made by him, that when the
Committee on Accounts called on him for a settle-
ment, he desired to be indulged till a certain clerk
returned to the city. Now the only information
he had on this subject was contained in a letter
from Mr. McNulty, which he would read to the
House. He did not understand Mr. McNulty as
making that request, or he was confident the com-
mittee would have acceded to it.
Mr. T. then read a letter from Mr. McNulty, in
•which, he acknowledges the receipt of the call of the
committee, and said it would be impossible'for him,
without great trouble, to furnish the return they re-
quire, until the return of Mr. Kershaw, his clerk,
who was on leave of absence to iriake a visit home,
but was expected back daily.
Mr. WELLER said that that certainly was a de-
sire on the part of Mr. McNulty for a postponement
till the return of Mr. Kershaw.
Mr. TAYLOR then called on the assistant clerk
to read from the journal of the committee, ijs pro-
ceedings at three meetings subsequent to the receipt
of this letter^in substance, that Mr. McNulty had
each time bftn notified to attend them,, but had
failed to attend. . >
Mr. McNulty said that he had never received but
one notice from the committee, and then it was after
the hour had expired that the committee appointed
for him to attend them. _
Mr." POTTER, in reference to some statements
in the proceedings just .read, said he had no knowl-
edge of the nete calling on Mr. McNulty to attend
at seven o'clock* in the evening. There was a note
calling on him to appear at nine o'clock in the morn-
ing; and he knew that one of the messengers called
on him with that note, but it was after the hour of
the meeting of the House, and too late to meet the
committee.
Mr. TAYLOR stated that when the first note
was sent to Mr. McNulty, the messenger returned
with the statement that he had not been able to find
him. When the second note was sent, the messen-
ger was informed that Mr. McNulty was in his
room, but desired to know the name of the person
calling on him. The name was accordingly sent up,
and then word was brought back that he was not
at home.
The letter was then left with the bar-keeper for
him.
Mr. McNulty, repeated that he had never re-
ceived but one note, and that was the one he had
already referred to. He never received a note di-
recting him to meet the committee at 7 o'clock in
the evening. The note he received directed him to
meet them at 9 o'clock, but he received it after the
meeting of the House.
Mr. PETTIT said he wished to know whether
the clerk was to remain in the custody of the ser-
geant-at-arms while these proceedings were pend-
ing.
Mr. C. JOHNSON, said that if the gentleman
would give him leave, he would so modify his reso-
lution, as to provide that the clerk should in the
mean time remain in the custody of the officers of
the House.
Mr. PETTTT said that was precisely what he
objected to. They had no right to require the ser-
geant-at-arms to getain the clerk in custody; and if he
refused to do so, they had no means of punishing him
otherwise than by dismissing him. Now they cer-
tainly could dismiss the sergeant-at-arms or any
officer of the House at their pleasure, but this was
not the punishment provided for such an offence.
Mr. P. went on to argue that the House was not
the proper tribunal to try Mr. McNulty, and that,
so far from having any jurisdiction over the subject,
they had not even the forms of proceeding to go on
with.
Mr. C. JOHNSON then modified his resolution,
so as to read as follows:
Resolved, That the report of the Committee on Accouns
in regard to Caleb J. McNulty, cleric of the House, be post-
polled until to morrow at 2 o'clock; and that the sergeant-at-
aims hold said C. J. McNulty in custody, until the further
orders of the House.
Mr. DAVID L. SEYMOUR offered an amend-
ment to strike out the latter part of the resolu-
tion providing for holding Mr. McNulty in custody.
We nave (said he) other resolutions before us in the
report of the committee; and if the clerk wishes to
make any defence to them, he will, of course, be in
attendance. It might be very inconvenient to him,
in making his defence, to be in custody; and it might
prevent him from obtaining such testimony and
such papers as were necessary. Mr. S. also ex-
pressed his doubts whether the House had the pow-
er to punish the clerk, even if found guilty.
Mr. ADAMS also was in favor of striking out
that clause of the resolution.
Mr. C. JOHNSON was sure the House was
aware that he had no unkind feelings towards the
clerk. On the contrary, he was most anxious that
that officer would be able to pxove that all he said
was true, and that the matter would be settled to-
morrow, as he and his friends declared it would be.
But, on the other hand, suppose (said Mr. J.) we
should release the clerk without taking security for
his appearance, and he is gone to-morrow: what
would become of the responsibility of theHouse? .
. Suppose he were arrested; and suppose he had-
got the public money in his pocket, and the House
let • him go: what would be the position in which,
the House would be placed? He acknowledged,
from the statement he had heard, that he had great
confidence that all would yet be made right; but he
was not willing to expose the House to the respon-
sibility of discharging him'. He wanted, to know
that the clerk was here; and he thought the House •
should take care that he was here.
Mr. WELLER could not imagine why the ser-
geant-at-arms should be required to keep Mr. Mc-
Nulty until to-iaorrow. . They had had a. prima facie
case made out on the one side, and they had had Mr.
. McNulty's assertion on the other; if, then, they
sent him to prison, he would ask for what? Had
he been guilty of any crime? If so, it was a bailable ■
offence; and he would inquire what the amount of
bail was which they, required? He was confident
Mr. McNulty-would be here to-morrow, and that
he would be able to disprove what had been alleged,
against him; and they (understood to be an allusion
to his sureties, of whom Mr. Weller is one) would
be willing to be his bail for' any amount the House
might -fix for .his appearance to-morrow. They,
however, would not object"to the suspension of, Mr.
McNulty until this matter was settled.
Mr. BURT moved an amendment to the resolu-
tion by adding the words, "and in the mean time
the exercise of his functions as clerk of the House
be, and they are hereby, suspended, and that they
be performed by B. B. French, the chief clerk.
Mr.' McNulty here reiterated his statement, that
not a dollar of the money would be lost.
Some conversation ensued between Mr. HAM-
LIN, Mr. BURT, Mr. BELSER, Mr. CAMP-
BELL, Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR, Mr. SCHENCK,
and Mr. ADAMS.
Mr. C. JOHNSON accepted the amendment of
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt.]
The question then "recurred on the motion of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Seymour,] to
strike out that portion of the resolution directing the
sergeant-at-arms to detain Mr. McNulty in'cus-
tody.
Mr. C. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered, and resulted thus: yeas 99, '
nays 75.
So that portion of the resolution was stricken
out.
The question recurring on agreeing to the resolu-
tion as amended—which provided for postponing
the report of the Committee on Accounts in regard
to Caleb J. McNulty until two o'clock to-morrow;
and that, in the mean time, he be suspended from
the exercise of his functions, and that they be per ,
formed by B. B. French—
Mr. DUNCAN remarked that this resloution.
proposed to suspend Mr. McNulty as clerk; before
he voted for it he wished to know whether this sus-
pension did not interfere with his [Mr. McNulty's}
means of defence; whether, if it prevailed, he would,
still have access to the office of the House to get hia
papers, &c.
Mr. PETTIT moved to strike out that part of the
resolution providing for the suspension of the
clerk.
Mr. ISAAC E. MORSE remarked that he had
voted for the amendment of the resolution, in order
that the clerk should not be imprisoned. But, at
the same time, it was due to themselves—to the.
dignity of this body—to the committee to whom
they had delegated this part of their power,—that
they would no longer say to the world, after such a
charge was solemnly made by one of the commit-
tees, that so little attention was to be paid to it as
that they considered the clerk authorized to dis-
charge his duties.
[Ciies of "Question! question!"]
Mr. WELLER said he was authorized by the
clerk to say, whether this amendment was adopted
or not, he had no intention to discharge any of the
duties of the clerk until the subject was acted on.
The question still being on the amendment of Mr..
Pettit to strike out the suspending. clause-
Mr. PAYNE said, while he would not infringe
on the rights of the, individual, he would be the last
to derogate from the dignity of this body. So long
as there was prima facie evidence of the guilt qf 'any
member, of grievous charges that might be made
against him, he would'go for suspending him from
the exercise of his usual functions. Why should
