152
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not the same course be taken with reference to the
clerk of the House?
Mr. DUNCAN here interposed, and remarked
that there was now no objection to the resolution as
it stood, either on the part of the clerk (he was un-
derstoocTto say) or of any member of the House.
Mr. WELLER. Let it be passed by general
consent.
Mr. PETTIT accordingly withdrew his amend-
ment
The question was taken, and the resolution was
agreed to; and, ;
On motion of Mr. HALE, *1
The House then adjourned.
Correction.—In the report of Mr. Burke^s bill
for the admission of Texas, in Wednesday's pro-
ceedings, the word "four" was erroneously printed
instead of "five." so that itappeared that the bill con-
templated the formation of four States instead of
five, as Mr. Burke intended.
The following is the vote in the House, on Wed-
nesday last, on the motion of Mr. C. B. Smith to
suspend the rules to allow him to introduce a reso-
lution in relation to the Cumberland road:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Baker, Bowlin, Brengle, Brink
erhoff, Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Carroll, Cranston, Gar-
rett Davis, John W. Davis, Dellet, Dickey, Duncan, Flo-
rence, Grinnell, Grider, Edward S. Hamlin, Hardin, Henley,
Hoge, 'Hudson, James B. Hunt, Jrvin,' Jenks, Perley B.
Johnson, Andrew Kennedy, Daniel P. King, McDowell,
Mcllvame, Mathews, Moseley, Nes, Owen, Paterson, Pol-
lock, Eiisha R. Potter, Charles M. Reed, Rockwell, Rod-
ney, Schenck, Severance, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Robert Snsith, Steenrod, Alfred P. Stone, Thomasson, Tib-
batts, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Weller, Wentworth,
"Wethered, John White, "VVintbrop, William Wright, and
Joseph A. Wright—69.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Arrington, Atkinson, Barrin-
ger, Belser, Benton, Bidlack, Blackwell, Bower, Brodhead,
Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, Burt, Catlin, Reuben
Chapman, Chappell, Clingm'an, Clinton, Collamer, Cullom,
Dana, Daniel, Richard D Davis, Deberry, Dillingham.
Dromgoole, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Foster, French,
Byram Green, Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, Hammett, IJaralson,
Harper, Hd.ys,Herrick, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hughes,
Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Preston King, Labranche,
Lucas, Maclay, McClelland, McConnell, Marsh, Isaac E.
Morse, Newton, Norris, Parmenter, Preston, Purdy, Rath-
bun, David S. Reid, Reding, Rhett, Ritter, Roberts, Rob
iason, Russell, St. John, Senter, Thomas H. Seymour,
David L. Seymour, Simons, Spence, Stetson, John Stew-
art, Summers, Sykes, Taylor, Thompson, Wkeaton, Benja-
iain White, Williams, and Woodward—83.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 18, 1845.
The journal having been read,
Mr. REDING asked the unanimous consent of
the House to present a paper (the purport of which
was not heard.)
PRIVATE CLAIMS.
Mr. VANCE objected on the ground that this
was the day appropriated to private bills, in behalf
of which he made an urgent appeal to the House to
devote the unappropriated portion of this day to
meting out to these private claimants some small
share of that justice which had long been delayed.
He believed but one private bill had been uctcd on
this session. He hoped the House would dispense
with .the regular orders of the morning hour, and go
immediately to the consideration of private bills.
The SPEAKER intimated that a suspension of
the rules would be necessary until the expiration of
the morning hour.
Mr. VANCE accordingly moved a suspension of
the rules for this purpose.
DISBURSEMENT OF MONEYS OF THE HOUSE
OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. BURT appealed to Mr. Vance to waive his
motion in order to enable him to offer a resolution
instructing the Committee on the Judiciary to inquire
whether additional legislation is necessary to insure
a faithful disbursement of the public moneys intrust-
ed to the clerk of this House, and to report <t bill to
enforce the performance of this duty.
Mr. VANCE declined to yield, as all the time,
and much more, was required for private claims.
The question was taken by tellers, and was de-
cided in the affirmative—ayes 94, noes 39.
So the rules were suspended.
On motion of Mr. VANCE, the House then re-
eolved itself into Committee of the W hole House
upon the private calendar, (Mr. White, of Kentuc-
ky, in the chair.)
The first business on the calendar was an adverse
report from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Boads in the case of John Fossett.
Mr. HAMLIN asked for the reading of the re-
port; which was read.
Hr. H. moved an amendment to strike out the
report and substitute a resolution for the pay of the
claim, thejustice of which he briefly urged.
The CHAIRMAN decided that this motion was
not in order.
Some conversation arose between Messrs. HAM-
LIN, HOPKINS, and MORSE of Maine, as to the
best practicable mode of bringing this claim before
the House in a manner in which it migjit receive its
favorable action; which resulted in a motion by
Mr. HAMLIN to report to the House the adverse
report of the committee, with the recommendation
that it be recommitted to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. /
This motion was agreed to.
The bill, for the relief of Joseph M. Hernandez
was next taken up; and, after the report was road,
Mr. VANCE moved that it be passed over, it
having been reported by a minority of the commit-
tee.
Mr. C. JOHNSON suggested that it ought not to
be on the calendar at all, and moved that it be
stricken off.
The CHAIR said that the motion would be un-
necessary, as the bill was not properly on the cal-
endar.
The bill to provide for the passage of General
Lafayette from France to the United btates, in the
year 1824, was next taken up; and the report hav-
ing been read,
Mr. C. JOHNSON offered a few remarks in op-
position to it.
Mr. VANCE made a brief explanation in its
favor.
Mr. PARMENTER also made some explana-
tions in opposition to the bill, and moved that it "be
passed over.
Mr. CATLIN addressed the committee in oppo-
sition to that motion.
Some other observations were made by Messrs.
C. JOHNSON, VANCE, HALE, C. M. REED,
GRINNELL, ATKINSON, and POLLOCK.
The question was then taken on the motion to lay
the bill aside, and was rejected.
The question then recurring on the motion to re-
port the bill to the House—
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved that it be report-
ed, with a recommendation that it do not pass.
The question on the motion of Mr. Johnson was
taken by tellers, and decided in the affirmative—ayes
79, noes 55.
So the bill was laid aside to be reported.
The next bill on the calendar, being a bill for the
relief of Matilda Drury and other representatives of
Captain Tillard—
The report accompanying was read by the Clerk.
The bill, at the suggestion of Mr. VANCE, was
passed by for the present.
The bill for the relief of the New Orleans and
Carrollton Railroad company was taken up; and,
with the report accompanying, was read. The bill
proposed to refund certain duties paid on railroad
iron.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved that the bill be
reported, with the recommendation that it do not
pass; and briefly sustained the motion.
Mr. SLIDELL opposed it, and advocated the
passage of the bill.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON replied, and opposed the
bill.
Without further progress on this bill.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, (the hour of two
having arrived,) the committee rose, and reported
their action on the above several bills to the House.
DEFALCATION OF THE CLERK OF THE
HOUSE.
The hour of 2 having arrived, to which the re-
port of the Committee on Accounts in relation to the
defalcation of Caleb J. McNulty, clerk of the House,
had been postponed,
The SPEAKER announced that that report was
before the House, atid that the question was on the
resolutions reported by the committee.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON expressed the hope that
the chairman on the Committee on Accounts would
give information to the House whether the matter
had been adjusted, as was promised yesterday.
Mr. TAYLOR, chairman of the Committee on
Accounts, said that the committee were induced by
what Was said yesterday to assemble at their room
this morning at 10 o'clock. They remained in ses-
sion till 12, the hour of the meeting of the House.
Mr. McNulty did not appear before them, but Sent
his accounting clerk, Mr. Kershaw, with a miiiS'ber
of papers, on which he wished the committee to-aet.
The committee had not time to act on them so as
to make a report to the House to-day, though it wiBf -
their wish to do so; but in order to be able to give
some specific information to the House, they in-
quired of Mr. Kershaw where the unexpended bal-
ance of the contingent fund was; whether it was
forthcoming; whether it was deposited in any bank;
or whether it was in the hands of individuals. To
this Mr. Kershaw answered that Mr. McNulty
must answer that question himself. He felt very
indignant at this treatment, because Mr. Mc-
Nulty said yesterday he did not choose to an-
swer the charges of the committee in detail,
but that he had not used or loaned a dollar of
the public money, and would settle his accounts
with the committee this morning at 10 o'clock.
But since he came into the House he had re-
ceived a letter from Mr. McNulty, in which he in-
formed him that he had 29,000 to his credit in tha
Bank of America. He would remark to the House
that this did not, in his opinion, materially change
the nature of the question. The House would re-
collect that, by an express law of Congress, the
clerk was directed to deposit the amount of public
money that might be in his hands in one of the
banks of the District; but, inasmuch as he said that
there were no banks in the District in the meaning
of the law, the question then arose whether he was
right in drawing this money out of the treasury, or
transferring it to the city of New York. In his
opinion the conduct of the clerk was very censura-
ble, and he deserved censure in some way or other.
He had stood out, as the House knew, in contempt
of its authority; he did not present himself to the
committee, nor appear before the House as it was
his duty to do, to give that explanation which he
was bound to give. He did not propose any modi-
fication of the resolutions appended to the report of
the committee; but if the House should think that
the circumstances of the case were made-better by
the communication which the clerk had made this
morning, they would still, he thought, decide that
he deserved some censure.
The reading of the letter of Mr. McNulty being
called for by several, it was read.
Mr. J. W.' DAVIS desired to know from the
chairman of the Committee on Accounts, whether
he had any evidence that the money referred to in
that letter was on deposit in New York.
Mr. TAYLOR said that he had no evidence fur-
ther than the letter itself.
Mr. HUNGERFORD, one of the members of
the Committee on Accounts, here handed up the fol-
lowing letter, which was read for the information of
the House:
New Yore, 13th January, 1845.
Dear sir: We are this morning jn receipt of yours of the
10th instant.
We received from Mr. C. J. McNulty, last November, a
sight check fur ten thousand dollars., on account of Dr. £.
G. Woodward, of Mount Vernon, Ohio.
The following is a copy of the letter accompanying the
check:
'■Messrs. Slyham, Sagf. & Co.,
"Please acknowledge the receipt hereof, and place the
amount to the credit of Dr. E. G. Woodward, Mount Ver-
non, Ohio. Respectfully,
(Signed,) C. J.MeNULTY."
You will observe there is no date tc the letter, but by ref-
erence to our bonks we observe the check was placed to
the credit of E. G. Woodward on the 21st November. The
whole amount has since been paid out to sight drafts of £.
G. Woodward against the same.
K, G. Woodward is a merchant at Mount Vernon, Ohio, of
good standing, with whom we have had business transac-
tions lor the past two or three years.
Of Mr. McNulty we know nothing, never having seen
him but once; v. hich was when he passed through our city
on his way to Washington. lie called at our counting room
to say that he should remit us £10,000 for account of E. G.
Woodward, upon his arrival at Washington.
We think the cheek or draft W9S upon the Bank of Ameri-
ca, but are no- now suit', and we have no means of telling
positively.
Any further information in our power to give will be
cheerfully rendered; but we think of nothing more now
that can give you any further light on the subject.
Respectfully yours
SUYDA1I, SAGE & CO.
Hon. O. Huxceriord,
Member of House of Representatives.
The law was then read which requires the clerk
to deposit the money in his hands in one of the
banks of Washington.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON observed that a law was
passed two years ago requiring the clerk to report
to the House an account of his expenditures on the
1st of December of each year. Now, he wished to
