CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
Knovgj|||n the acting clerk of the House if this re-
poit'SfFEeen made, and ordered to be printed.
The .SPEAKER said that the acting clerk in-
fbrmfe||him that the accounts of the clerk were ren-
4#wlpy him on the 7th of January, and that they
rwe$Sirdered by the House to be printed. But that
tj&ey were not printed, as he received orders from
M&'McNulty not to print them, for the reason that
one oftfte tables could not be furnished until Mr.
Kershaw's return.
Mr. C. JOHNSON asked if there had been any
order to print it since Mr. Kershaw's return?
The acting clerk answered that there had not.
Mr. C. JOHNSON hoped the question would
now be put on the adoption of the resolution.
The first resolution being read,
Mr. WELLER said he had no objections to in-
terpose to the passage of the resolution just read.
He was induced to make the statements he did yes-
terday by the most solemn representations of Mr.
McNulty that the whole matter would be explained
to-day. He trusted no man would believe that he
would have made the declarations he did without
having the most solemn assurances of their truth,
and without placing the most implicit belief in them.
As it was, he would add that he did not believe now
that Mr. McNulty would turn out a defaulter; and
he believed that every dollar of the public money
would be accounted for by him, though thereanight
be some circumstances which prevented him from
doing so immediately. He made some efforts this
morning to obtain an interview with Mr. McNulty,
in vain. Mr. McNulty made full explanations
to him last night, by which he was induced to be-
lieve that he had done nothing dishonorable. Mr.
W. concluded by saying that the course he took
yesterday was in consequence of the most solemn
representations that had been made to him, placing
him in a situation which he regretted.
The question was then taken on the first resolu-
tion in the following words:
Resolved, That Caleb J. McNulty be, and'ho is hereby,
dismissed from the office of clerk of the House.
And decided in the affirmative—yeas 196, nays
none, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Arrington, Ashe, At-
kinson, Baily, Baker, Barringer, Barnard, Belser, Benton,
Edward J. Black, James Black, James A. black, Black*
well, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Brengle, Briukerhof!', Brod-
head. Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, William J. Brown,
Jeremiah Brown, Buftington, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Camp-
bell, J. E. Cary, Carroll, Catlin, Causin, Reuben Chapman,
Augustus A. Chapman, Chappeli, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman,
Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Collamer, Cranston, Cross, Cullom,
Dana, Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis, John W. Davis,
Dawson, Dean, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Dillingham,
Douglass, Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Eln?er,
Farlee, Ficklin, frish, Floience, Foot, Foster, French, Ful-
ler, Giddings, Byram Green, Grinnell, Grider, Hale, Hanni-
bal Hamlin, Edward S. Hamlin, Hammett, Haralson, Hardin,
Harper, Hays, Henley, Hernck, Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins,
Houston, liubard, Hudson, Hungeiford, James B. Hunt,
Chailes J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Jngersoll, livin, Jameson,
Jenks, "Cave Johnson, Perley B. Jonnson Andrew Johnson,
George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, X'reston King, Darnel
P. King, Kirkpatnck, Labranche, Leonaid, Lucas, Lumpkin,
McCauslen, Maclay McClelland, McClernand, McConneJl,
McDowell, Mcllvaine, McKay, Marsh, Edward Joy Moi
ns, Freeman H. Morse, Isaac E. Morse, Moseley, Murphy,
Nes, Norus, Owen, Parmenter, Patersorj, Payne, Puttit,
Peyton, Pollock, Elisha R. Potter. Emery 0 Porter,
Preston, Purdy, Rajner, Charles M. Reed, David S. Reid,
Reding, Relle, Rhett, Ritter, Robeits, Robinson, Rock-
well, Rodney, Rogers, Russell, St John, Sample, Saunders,
Schenck, Senter, Thomas H.Seymour, David L. Seymoui,
Simons, Simpson, Slidell, Albert Smith, John T. Smith,
Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Spence, Steen-
rod, Stephens, Stetson,Andrew Stewart. John Stewart, Stiles,
James W. Stone, Strong, Summers, Sykes, Taylor, Thomp-
son, Tibbatts,- Tilden, Tucker, Tyler, Vance, Vinton, Wei-
ler, Wentworth, Wethered, Wheaton, John White, Benja-
min White, Williams, Winthrop, Woodward, William
Wright, Joseph A. Wright, Yancey, and Yost—196.
The question was then put on the second resolu-
tion, as follows, and carried without a division:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to institute forthwith the necessary legal proceedings to as-
certain and tsecurc the balance of the public money due
from Caleb J. McNulty as clerk of the House of Represent-
atives.
The question was then stated on the third resolu-
tion, as follows:
Resolved. That the President of the United States be re-
quired to cause, criminal prosecutions to be commenced
against Caleb J. McNulty, late clerk of this House, for an
embezzlement of the public money, and all persons advising
or knowingly and willingly participating in such embezzle-
ment, according to the provisions of the act of Congress ap-
proved August 13, 1841.
Mr. RHETT said he could not say that the fact
eharged in that resolution existed. Mr. McNulty
might have done what was there charged, bat he did
not know it.
Mr. HUNGERFORD called for the reading of
the section of the independent treasury act, which
defines and provides punishment for embezzlement
of the public money; and it was read accordingly. ^
Mr. BELSER said it seemed to him that this
resolution was calculated to prejudice the individual
referred to in any future trial that may be had to
bring him tojustice. He agreed with the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams]"in there-
marks he made yesterday, that they should be cau-
tious not to invade the personal liberty of any one, -
unless there was very great necessity; and as the
proceedings of this House would go forth to the
world, the adoption of this resolution would appear
to be a prejudging of the case. It appeared to hiifl
that, in their haste and anxiety to expose a public
defaulter, they were overstepping the bounds which
prudence dictated. He thought there was no neces-
sity to request the President of the United States to
do his duty, and hence he could not sanction the
resolution.
Mr. DUNCAN did not feel at liberty to vote for
this resolution, though he had voted for both the
others, believing it to oe his duty to do so. Before
he voted for thisj|resoIutipn, some gentleman must
prove to his satisfaction that there had been an
embezzlement of the public funds. In the next
place he wanted to know where the public treasury
was, and where the public money ought to be kept;
and what law and rules of order the clerk had vio-
lated in making his deposits in New York and
other places? He desired to know where the clerk
could have deposited that money? Could any gen-
tleman tell him? A section of law had been read re-
quiring the officers of the House to make deposits
of the public money in a bank of the District of
Columbia; but whether a particular bank was named
or not, he could not tell. Now could any body point
him to a bank in the District of Columbia? Was
there such a thing existing in the District of Colum-
bia as a bank? Where was the public money kept
now by order of the Secretary of the Treasury?
Was that kept in a bank? Would any gentleman
answer him?
Mr, STETSON asked if the gentleman from
Ohio would undertake to say that Mr. Woodward
of Ohio, or Levy D. Slamm of New York, were
proper depositaries of the public money.
Mr. DUNCAN said he was not undertaking to
justify that, but lie asked where was there a bank
in the District of Columbia.
Mr. STETSON remarked that the clerk had no
right to draw the money from the treasury.
Mr. DUNCAN replied that he did nat say the
clerk had the right.
Some remarks were here made by Mr. HUN-
GERFORD and Mr. STRONG to Mr. Duncan,
which were not heard at the reporter's desk.
Mr. DUNCAN resumed. Then he was with-
out an answer. There was no bank in which to
deposit the money in the District of Columbia; and
the clerk said he had deposited the money in others
elsewhere. That the clerk had been imprudent—
extremely imprudent—he did not doubt; but that
he had embezzled the money or violated any law,
there was no evidence; and he (Mr. D.) could not
vote for this lesolution until the embezzlement was
proved.
Mr. HAMLIN said they had received a report
from a standing committee, and he knew he but
uttered the expression of the sentiments of every
member on the iloor when he said they were deep-
ly pained by the facts of that report. That report,
however, it seemed to him was sufficient to require
that they should go along without any false sympa-
thy. He regretted as much as any man that
the clerk should have acted as he was reported to
have done: but on such a report being made, they
were bound to act independent and irrespective of
that which he believed to be a false sympathy. It
was their duty to say to the executive that they, who
were the representatives of the people, desired re-
spectfully that he would see that the laws were exe-
cuted.
The gentleman from Ohio had asked where was
the treasury; and the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Stetson] had very properly remarked that
neither Mr. Siamm of New York, nor the person in
Ohio, whatever his name might be, was a proper
depositary of the public moneys; and in this case
they owed it to themselves, and to the people whoip
they represented, to say to the President, in respect-
ful terms, let the law take its course. The clerk
had been called upon over and over again to appear
before the committee, and give some account of this
money, and he had not done so; the clerk here yes-
terday stated to them that he had not misappro-
priated a single dollar, and he (Mr. H.) would ask
if he had not also stated that he would show that
fact by 10 o'clock to-day. And yet they were now-
asked to wait a little longer. He believed they
ouffht, while they commisserated the act, to con-
demn it as became them.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, to remove the objec-
tions of some gentlemen, moved to amend the res-
olution by introducing the word "aieged" .before
the word "embezzlement/5
Mr: McDOWELL inquired, if gentlemen were
satisfied, from the report which had been made, that
an embezzlement had been -committed. [Loud cries
of "Yes," "yes."] He understood the~chaq*man of
the committee to state that the accounting clerk ap-
peared before them with a number of vouchers for
their examination, which had not been examined.
The clerk, too, had answered that he had $29,000m
one of the banks of New York; and he called upon
the members of the House to say if they were satis-
fied that an embezzlement had taken place.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON made some remarks,
which were not distinctly'heard.-
Mr. McDOWELL proceeded to say that the
committee should have examined the vouchers pre-
sented to them before they made their report; and
before he voted for this resolution, he wished to
know whether he was acting upon grounds that
could be justified.
He concluded by moving the previous question;
which was sustained by the House.
The next question was on the amendment to in-
sert the word "alleged;" on which 71 voted in the
affirmative.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL asked for the yeas and _
nays; which were refused.
Mr. HAMLIN asked for tellers; which were or-
dered.
The question being taken, the amendment was re-
jected—ayes 61, nays 96.
The question recurring on the original resolution .
reported by the committee,
Mr. ANDREW STEWART asked the yeas and
nays, which were ordered; and being taken, result-
ed—yeas 170, nays 4—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Arrington, Ashe> Atkin-
son, Bayly, Baker, Barringer, Barnard, Benton, Edward J.
Black, James Black, James A Black, Blackwell* Boyd,,'
Brengle, Brinkerboft', 3rodhead, Aaron V.Brown, Milton
Brown, William J. Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buffingtoa,
Burke, Bui t, Caldwell, Campbell, Carpenter, Jeremiah E."
Cary, Carroll, Catlin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chap-
man, Chappeli, Chilton, Clinch, Clmgman, Coles, Collamer,
Cranston, Cross, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Garrett Davis,
Richard D. Davis, John W. Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey,
Dillingham, Douglass, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer,
Farlee, Ficklin, Msh, Florence, Foot, foster, French, Ful-
ler, Goggin, Byram Green, Grinnell, Glider, Hale,
Hannibal Hamlin, Edward S. Hamlin, Hammett, Har-
alson, Hardin. Harper, Henley, Hernck, Hoge, Hopkins#
Hubarcl, Hudson, Hungerford, J. B Hunt, C. J. Ingersoll,
Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Cave Johnson, Perley B.
Johnson, Andiew Johnson, George W Jones, Prestoa
King, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatnck, Labranche, Leonard,
Lucas, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClelland, McConnell, Mcll-
vaine, McKay, Marsh, Edward Joy Morris, Freeman H-.
Morse, Isaac E. Mo^e. Moselej, 2ses, Norns, Owen, Par-
menter, Paterson, Tettit, Pollock, Preston, Purdy, Rathbun,
Rayner, Charles M. Reed, David S Reid, Reding, Ritter,
Roheits, Robinson, Rockwell Rodney, Rogers, Russell,
St. John, Sample, Saunders, Senter, Thomas H. Seymour,
David L. Sejmour. Simons, Simpson, Slidell, Albert Smith,
John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert
Smith, Spence, Steenrod, Stephens, Stetson, Andrew Stew-
art, John Stewart, Stiles, James W. Stone, Strong, Summers,
Sykes, Taylor, Thomassori, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tilden,
Tucker, Tyler, Vance, Vinton, Wentworth, Wethered,
John White*, Benjamin White, Williams, Wmthrop, Wood-
ward, William Wright, Joseph A- Wright, and Yost—170.
NAYS—Messrs. Duncan, Hays, Jameson and McDowell
—4.
So the resolution was adopted; and thus the sub-
ject was disposed of.
ELECTION OF CLERK.
Mr. HOPKINS rose and said that, under the-
14th rule of the House, they were required to vote
in the election of officers in this House, viva voce,'
With reference to the election of clerk, there was
perfect unanimity. To-avoid delay and trouble, he
moved that the 14th rule be suspended, for the pur-
pose of receiving and acting on the resolution which
he sent to the Chair.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That B. B. French be, and he is hereby, appoint'
ed Clerk of this House.
The question was taken, and the rules were sus-
pended.
Mr. HOPKINS then offered the resolution.
After a word from Mr. PAYNE,
Mr. HOPKINS moved the previous question,
