CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
Victoria, and found, in banishment, the mildest issue known
to untuccesslul civil war. Pedraza was elected in 1S28;
Guerrero overthrew him the next year. Then Bustamente
overthrew Guerrero; and, quickly, Santa Anna overthrew
Bustamente, and with him ail the forms of the constitution
and the whole frame of the federative government. By his
own will and by force, Santa Anna dissolved the existing
Copgress, convened another, formed the two Houses into
one, called it a convention, and made it the instrument ibr
deposing, without trial, the constitutional Vice President,
Gomez Farias, putting Barragan into his place, annihilating
the State governments, and establishing a consolidated gov-
ernment, of which he was monarch under the retained re-
publican title of President. Still the Texians did not take up
arms. They did not acquiesce, but they did not revolt.
They retained their State government in operation, and
looked to the other States, older and more powerful than
Texas, to vindicate the general cause, and to re-establish
the federal constitution of 1804. In September, 1825, this
was still her position. In that month ft Mexican armed ves-
sel appeared off the coast of Texas, and declared her ports
blockaded. At the same time General Cos appeared in the
west with an army of fifteen hundred men, with orders to
arrest the State authorities, to disarm the inhabitants, leav-
ing oae gun to every five hundred souls, and to reduce the
State to unconditional submission. Gonzales was the select-
ed point for the commencement of the execution of these or-
ders; and the first thing was the arms, those trusty rifles
which the settlers had brought with them from the United
States, which were their delence against savages, their re-
source for game.and^he guard which converted their houses
into castles stronger than those 'which the King cannot
enter.' A detachment of General Cos's army appeared at
the village of Gonzales on the 28th of September, and de-
manded the arms of the inhabitants: it was the same de-
mand, and for the same purpose, which the British detach-
ment under major Pitcairn had made at Lexington on the
19th April, 1776. It was the same demand! and the same
answer was given—resistance—battle—victory ! for the
American blood was at Gonzales as it had been at
Lexington; and between using their arms and surrendering
their arms, that blood can never hesitate. Then followed
the rapid succession of brilliant events which, in two months,
left Texas without an armed enemy in her borders, and the
strong forts of Goliad and the Alamo, with their garrisons
and cannon, the almost bloodless prizes of a few hundred
Texian rifles This was the origin of the revolt; and a cal-
umny more heartless can never be imagined than that which
would convert this just and holy defence of life, liberty, and
property into an aggression for the extension of slavery.
'■Just in its origin, valiant and humane in its conduct, sa-
cred in its object, the Texian revolt has illustrated the an-
glo-Saxon character, and given it new titles to the respect
and admiration of the world.
'•It shows that liberty, justice, valor—moral, physical,
and intellectual power—discriminate that race wherever it
goes. Let our America rejoice, let Old England rejoice,
that the Brassos and Colorado, new and strange names,
streams far beyond the western bank of the Father of
Floods, have felt the impress and witnessed the exploits of
a people sprung from their loins, and carrying their lan-
guage, laws, ana customs, their magna charta ana all its glo.
rious privileges, into new regions and far distant climes. Of
the individuals who have purchased lasting renown in this
young war, it would be impossible, in this place, to speak
in detail, and invidious to discriminate; but there is one
among them whose position forms an exception, and whose
«arly association with myself justifies and claims the tribute
of a particular notice. I speak of him whose romantic vic-
tory has given to the Jar into' 'that immortality in grave and
serious history which the diskos of Apollo had given to it in
the fabulous pages of the heathen mythology. General
Houston was born in the State of Virginia, county of Rock-
bridge; he was appointed an ensign in the army of the Uni-
ted States during the late war with Great Britain, and serv-
ed in the Creek campaign under the banners of Jackson. I
was the Lieutenant Colonel of the regiment to which he be-
longed, and the first field officer to whom he reported. 1
then marked in him the same soldierly and gentlemanly
qualities which have since distinguished his eventful career;
frank, generous, brave—ready to do, or to suffer, whatever
the obligations of civil or military d&ty imposed; and al-
ways prompt to answer the call of honor, patriotism, and
friendship. Sincerely do I rejoice in his victory. It is a
victory without alloy, and without parellel, except at New
Orleans. It is a victory which the civilization of th  age,
and the honor of the human race, required him to gain, for
the 19th century is not the age in which a repetition of the
Goliad Matins could be endured. Nobly has he answered
the requisition; fresh and luxuriant are the laurels which
adorn his brow.
"It is not within the scope ofmy present purpose to speak
of military events, and to celebrate the exploits of that van-
guard of the Anglo-Saxons, who are now on the confines
of th* ancient empire of Montezuma; but that combat of the
ban Jacinto! it must forever remain in the catalogue of mil-
itary miracles. Seven hundred and fifty citizens, miscella-
neously armed with rifles, muskets, belt pistols, and knives,
under a leader who had never seen service, except as a sub-
altern, march to attack near double their numbers—march
in-open day across a clear prairie, to attack upwards of
twelve hundred veterans, the elite of an invading army of
seven thousand, posted in a wood, their flanks secured,
front entrenched, and commanded by a general trained in
civil wars, victorious in numberless battles, and chief of an
empire ofwhich no man becomes chief except as conqueror.
In twenty minutes the position is forced. The combat be-
comes a carnage. The flowery prairie is stained with blood:
the hyacinth is no longer blue, but scarlet. Six hundred
Mexicans are dead; six hundred more are prisoners, half
wounded; the president general himself is a prisoner; the
camp and baggage all taken; and the lnss to the victors, six
killed and twenty wounded. Such are the results, and
which no European can believe, but those who saw Jack-
son at New Orleans. Houston is the pupil of Jackson; and
he is the first self-made general, since the time of Mark An-
tony, and the King Antigonus, who has taken the general
of the army and the head of the government captive in bat-
' Hyacinth; hyacinthus; huakinthos; water flower.
tie. Different from Antony, he has spared the life of his
captive, though forfeited by every law, human and divine.
"I voted in 1821 to acknowledge the absolute independ-
ence of Mexico. I vote now to recognise the contingent
and expected independence of Texas In both cases the
vote is given upon the same principle—upon the principle
of disjunction where conjunction is impossible, or disas-
trous. The union of Mexico and Spain had become impos-
sible; that of Mexico and Texas is no longer desirable or
possible. A more fatal present could not be made than that
of the future incorporation of the Texas of La Salle
with the ancient empire of Montezuma. They could not
live together, and extermination is not the genius of the
age; and, besides, is more easily talked of than done.
Bloodshed only could be the frnit of their conjunction; and
•very drop of that blood would be the dragon's teeth sown
upon the earth. No wise Mexican should wish to have this
Trojan horse shut up within their walls."
This (said Mr. B.) is what I said eight years ago,
in slating the causes of the Texian revolution, and
it fully justifies the assertion of the general assem-
bly of Missouri. In fact, the parallel is complete
between our own and the Texian revolution. In
each case the inducing causes were a long series of
violated rights; in each the immediate cause was
the blockade of ports, and the attempt to disarm the
inhabitants.
The resolutions declare that a great majority of
the people of the State are in favor of annexation.
This was doubtless the case. He believed the sen-
timent of the State to be almost unanimous in favor
of that measure, and was only surprised that it was
not entirely so. Besides her general interest in the
success of the measure, she had an individual inter-
est arising from her position, and the great trade
which she carried on with Mexico, ana to which
the present condition of Texas, as a foreign State,
interposed the most serious obstacle. Every con-
sideration general to the Union, or special to herself,
made annexation desirable to her; and this was so
evident that the sentiment in favor of it might be ex-
pected to become stronger and stronger, until the
measure was accomplished.
Mr. B. said the reannexation of Texas was de-
clared by the resolutions to be a great national meas-
ure, necessary to the welfare both of Texas and the
United States, and which ought to be accomplished
as soon as practicable. He concurred in the wis-
dom and justice ef this declaration, and had been of
that opinion ever since the country was given away,
in 1819. It was indeed a national measure, and a
great national measure, and should never be de-
graded into anything sectional or partisan. Kept
upon its proper basis of nationality, and presented
in the spirit of harmony and compromise which the
general assembly recommended, and he had no
reason to fear the complete accomplishment of their
wishes.
The resolutions were then ordered to be printed
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ATCHISON said it might not be improp-
er in him to state that he also had received like reso-
lutions; and he acknowledged to the fullest extent
the right of instruction ana the duty of the repre-
sentative to obey. On this question he was even wil-
ling to go further than the instructions called for.
At the same time, he could but admire the spirit of
compromise exhibited in these resolutions, in the
three first resolutions he believed the legisla-
ture of Missouri had expressed the opinion of that
State. He concurred fully with the fourth reso-
lution, which declares the opinion of the general
assembly of the State of Missouri, that there is no
power on earth to consult in this matter except the
government of Texas and the United States; and
that Texas has a right to tranfer, and the govern-
ment of the United States the right to accept, the
territory of Texas, without giving any just cause of
offence to any other power. The fifth resolution
leaves the question of slavery to be settled by the
people who now or hereafter may occupy the ter-
ritory to be annexed; and with this he also most
heartily concurred. The legislature of Missouri,
as it appeared in the sixth resolution, were, in the
same spirit of compromise, willing, if the annex-
tion could not be consummated upon the principles
set forth in the resolutions, to yield their own opin-
ions to the will of the people of the United States,
for the sake of preserving the peace and harmony
of the nation. He cordially concurried in the sen-
timents expressed in all these resolutions.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition from Thog.
B.Winston, praying to be relieved from the pay-
ment of a judgment obtained against him by the
United States; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. BERRIEN presented a memorial from the
Chamber of Commerce of Savannah upon the sub-
ject of an appropriation to rebuild the custom-house
in that citv, which was destroyed by fire: referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, presented a petition from Calvin Emmons
praying for the renewal of his patent for a rice
thrashing machine: referred to the Committee on
Patents.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition from the inhab-
itants of Windham, in the Commonwealth of
Maine, asking that all the propositions for the an-
nexation of Texas as a slaveholding State may bo
rejected: referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
Mr. ARCHER presented a petition from sundry
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for a reform in
the naturalization laws: referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. UPHAM presented a memorial from Cale-
■' donia county, Vermont, remonstrating against the
annexation of Texas to the United States under
any circumstances: referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial from cer-
tain surgeons in the United States navy, praying for
assimilated rank: refeired to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
Mr. CHOATE presented a remonstrance frofti
Middlesex county, Massachusetts, against the an-
nexation of Texas to the United States in any form:
] referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
i Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Claim*,
j to which the memorial of Jeanette C. Huntington,
i widow and sole executrix of William D. Cheever,
deceased, praying the payment of a balance due her
late husband for losses on treasury notes, and the
bill for the relief of the legal representatives of Wil-
liam D. Cheever, were referred, reported the bill
back without amendment, and recommended its
On motion by Mr. FOSTER, the Committee on
Claims were discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition of Alborn Allen, praying for
compensation for building a revenue boat.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented additional documents
in support of the claim of William Fuller and Or*'
lando Saltmarsh on the Post Office Department;
which he hoped would be, in the opinion of the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, sufficient to establish their claim: re-
ferred to that Committee.
Also presented a petition from a number of citi-
zens of the Spring Garden district, praying that the
naturalization laws may be so amended as to pre-
vent foreigners from becoming citizens until after
! twenty-one years' residence: referred to the Judi-
ciary Committee.
Also, a petition from a number of citizens of Hol-
lidaysburg, in Huntington county, Pennsylvania,
representing that the Committee on Military Af-
fairs of the House had reported in favor of the es-
tablishment of a national armory at South Easton,
i and praying that the fitness of Hollidaysburg for
such an establishment may be looked into: referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition from Lieut.
, J. M. Gillis, of the Navy of the United States, ask-
j ing compensation for scientific duties performed by
i him in connection with the exploring expedition:
l referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
' Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from Jno.
I M. Campbell and other inhabitants of Pennaylva-
j nia, praying that a uniform system of postage—of 2
; cents on letters not exceeding a half ounce in weight
; —may be established by law: ordered to lie on the
table—the bill to reduce the postage being now be-
fore the Senate.
OREGON.
Mr. ALLEN presented a memorial from a num-
ber of citizens of Ross and Pickaway counties,
I Ohio, praying Congress to extend the laws of the
1 United States, through a territorial government, over
the Oregon Territory. , .
Mr. A. said that this memorial was very similar
in its phraseology to that which he presented some
three or four days ago. It assumed^general, and, in
his judgment, conclusive reasons in favor of the
measure which it recommended. This memorial,
like the other which he presented, was signed by
some several hundred citizens of the Stalte of Ohio
—mostly farmers; and the character of the sigflei s,
as he had stated on a former occasion, entitled them
to particular attention. But he would take odeasion
to say here, that the desire to have this measure ac-
complished was not confined, in the State of Ohio, ta
