156
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
any particular description of population, or to anv
particular part of the State. He presumed that there
was no man in the United. States, having so large a
constituency; as he had, who was better personally
acquainted with that constituency than himself.
Circumstances, on several occasions, had brought
hinj in contact with almost the entire population of
the State, assembled to transact great national af-
fairs, preceding the election which had just taken
place. He "had traversed the State several times; and
had been in almost every county in it, and had seen
assembled great numbers of the inhabitants. He
had had the honor of shaking hands with countless
thousands of his constituency, and of conversing
with them personally. And he knew, so far as it
was possible for any one man to know, the feelings
and sentiments of the people of his State; and, with
this knowledge, he could state in reference
to the great question of Oregon—what could not be
stated, perhaps, in reference to any public question
that had ever been presented to this government—■
that he did not know a human being in the State of
Ohio who was opposed to the prayer of the petition.
He did not know of one solitary being who was not
in favor of establishing the laws of the United States,
in the form of a territorial government, over the Ter-
ritory of Oregon, which our people believed belonged
to us, and meant to retain. He would ask the ref-
erence of this memorial to the Select Committee; but
as that committee had reported, he moved to lay the
memorial on the table, and that it be printed.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from Mrs.
Pike, the widow of the late General Pike, praying
Congress to make her some compensation for the
extraordinary services of her husband: referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which the subject was referred, reported
a bill to enable the Chickasaw nation to try the va-
lidity of their claim in the courts of the United States;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading,
and the report and documents accompanying to be
printed.
Mr. PORTER presented two memorial from cit-
izens of the township of Bedford, in Cuyahoga
county, Ohio, against the annexation of Texas to
the United States: referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, made an adverse report on the
petition of the heirs of Christopher Taylor, a
Burgeon's mate in the revolutionary army, praying
for commutation pay.
Also, an adverse report on the petition of the
heirs of Albert A. Muller, for commutation pay;
•which reports were ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, reported a bill
for the relief of the legal representatives of James
Bell, deceased; which was read, and ordered to se-
cond reading.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, repor ed back, without amend-
ment, and with a recommendotion that it do pass,
the bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
William Russworm, deceased.
Mr.'FOSTER of New York presented a petition
from certain merchants of New York, praying the
allowance of a drawback on certain duties: referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
tric of Columbia, reported back, with an amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill
to incorporate the orphan asylum and female free
school of Alexandria, in the District of Columbia.
Also, reported back, with an amendment, the bill
from the House to correct a clerical error in the act
supplementary to the act regulating arrests on
mesne process in the District of Columbia.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, and the above bill was
taken up as in committee of the whole.
Mr. M. remarked that he had examined tbe en-
grossed bill of last session, and found that the errors
proposed to be corrected originated by the omission
of words in the enrolment of the bill. As the law
of last session stood, persons fined as a penalty for
a violation of a city ordinance were relieved from
imprisonment, although they should fail to pay the
fine. The amendment of the committee proposed to
correct that, which was never intended to be so.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
reported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed,
as amended, for a third reading. Subsequently read
the third time and passed.
On motion by Mr. ATHERTON, the Committee
on Pensions was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of John Carlow, praying
for an increase of pension, and it was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. JARNAGIN, the petition of
General John Cocke, praying compensation for ad-
vances made as Indian commissioner, was ordered
to be taken from the files and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BAGBY, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of William Hollinger; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill to amend the act entitled
" An act to provide for the enlistment of boys in the
naval service, and to extend the term of enlistment
of seamen;" which was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading.
STATUE OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. CRITTENDEN submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved by the Senate of the United States, That the Com-
mittee on the Library be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency and propriety of employing Luigi Persico to ex-
ecute, for the United States, an equestrian statue, in bronze,
of George "Washington.
Mr. C. had not half a dozen words to say on this
subject; and he could well desire to give it into
other and abler hands. Mr. Persico was well
known as an artist of great distinction and eminence,
and had long been in the service of the United
States. He need say nothing of his talents. The
object of the resolution was to obtain a statute in
bronze of.Genera] Washington. The pride and
gratitude of this country could never be exhausted
in multiplying memorials of -this great man—whose
name was connected with all that was great in the
history of our country. All that remained for us
to do was to signalize him as far as we could, in
presenting him to the eyes and feelings of the coun-
try. These sort of memorials, though silent and
inanimate, spoke a language to the American heart,
eloquent above all others. It was said of the fabled
statue of Memnon, that when the sun's first beams
struck it in the morning, music was heard to issue
from it. He could say, in a less poetic temper, of
this memoiial of General Washington, that the eye
of an American citizen could scarcely rest upon it,
without deriving inspiration from it, and producing
in the heart emotions of gratitude. It was with
this sort of feeling upon his own part, that he de-
sired to see all these memorials ana remembrances
presented to the eyes of our citizens; and it was in
this spirit that he offered the resolution.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. WOODBRIDGrE, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill for the relief of Noah
Miller, of the State of Maine; which was read and
ordered to a second reading, and the repoit accom-
panying to be printed.
Several adverse reports of the standing commit-
tees on private claims were taken up and concurred
in by the Senate.
The engrossed bill for the relief of Asahel Brain-
ard was read the third time and passed. !
POSTAGE BILL. |
The bill to reduce the rates of postage, to correct
the abuse of the franking privilege, came up as the
special order of the day; but was, on motion of Mr.
MERRICK, passed over informally to another day,
with the view, before action upon it, of having the
report on the operation of the penny pottage sys-
tem in England, which was ordered to be printed,
and laid upon the desks of senators.
THE GENERAL ORDERS.
The first bill on the calendar was that providing
for the ascertainment of claims of American citizens
for spoliations prior to the 31st of July, 1801.
On motion ofMr. CHOATE, this bill was passed
by informally.
The next was the Senate bill to regulate the ap-
pointments and promotions of officers in the United
States revenue service.
This bill enacts that hereafter captains and lieu-
tenants in the revenue marine, service shall be ap-
painted by the President of the United States, by
and with the advice of the Senate; and the non-com-
missioned officers by the Secretary of the Treasury,
upon his warrant. Also, that no person shall be
fi^t appointed in the revenue marine service to a
higher grade than third lieutenant, and none be con-
sidered eligible to that office except between the age
of 18 and 25 years, and of at least three years' expe-
rience at sea; also, that no officer shall be promoted
to a higher grade than second lieutenant, without
the written testimony of two captain# in the service
that he is of good moral character, has the necessary
qualifications as a seaman and navigator, and until
he shall have been examined, and a report in his fa-
vor made by a board of officers appointed for the pur-
pose by the Secretary of the Treasury.
This bill was taken up, considered, and ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The next was the Senate bill making compensa-
tion to pension agents. It provides that in future
the Secretary of War may allow to pension agents a
commission on their disbursements such as he may
deem just and reasonable, not to exceed two per
cent., nor in any one instance $1,000 per annum.
The bill was taken up as in committee of the
whole; and no amendment being offered,
Mr. BATES stated that this was the same bill
which passed the Senate last session. The Com-
mittee on Pensions, having given the subject careful
consideration, had come to the conclusion that some
such provision should- be made for pension agents.
It was in accordance with the opinions of the depart-
ment.
It was reported back to the Senate, and ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The next was the Senate bill to organize a new
land district in the southern part of the State of Ar-
kansas.
It was taken up, considered, and ordered to b«
engrossed and read a third time.
The next was the Senate bill for the continuation
of the Cumberland road in the States of Ohio, In-
dianavand Illinois.
It was taken up, considered, and ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The next was the bill to refund an ascertained
balance due Massachusetts.
This bill was taken up as in committee of ths
whole.
Mr. TAPPAN asked was this the same bill that
was up last session.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said it was.
No amendment being offered, the bill was re-
ported back to the Senate; and, on the question of
engrossment,
Mr. ALLEN called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr BREESE called for some information as to
the nature of the bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, explained that the bill pro-
vided that the sum specified in it should be paid to
Massachusetts, being the amount reported by the
general government to be due her, on the same prin-
ciple which had obtained in relation to refunding to
the other States their enpenses incurred in the last
war. The whole amount claimed is not to be paid,
as a deduction from that claim is made for the arms
furnished by the State itself, and retained by it.
The bill authoiizes the payment cf $227,17fi 48,
out of any money in the treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to the State of Massachusetts; being the
balance due that State for disbursements during the
late war with Great Britain, as ascertained by the
Secretary of War, in his report to the House of
Representatives, 23d December, 1837; deducting
from the claim of $272,716 14, reported as due,
§45,539 66, paid by the State for arms and accou-
trements.
The question was then taken, and resulted: yeas
27, nays 17, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Bates, Bayai d, Berrien, Choate,
Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Foster of Tennessee,
Francis, Henderson, Huger, Huntington, Johnson, Man-
gum, .Merrick, Miiier, jMorehead, Pearee, Phelps, Porter,
Simmons, Upham, White, and Woodbridge—"27.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag«
by, Benton. Breese, Buchanan, Colquitt, Dickinson, Hanne-
gan, Niles, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, and Wood-
bury—17
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time.
The next was the Senate bill for the relief of
Joshua Shaw.
It was taken up as in committee of the whole.
It provides for the investigation, by the Secretary
of War, of the claim of Joshua Shaw against the
United States for compensation for the use made in
the army and navy of his inventions, namely, "the
percussion <^ap and lock for small arms," and the
percussion locks and wafer primers for cannon;"
and for his personal services rendered at the in-"
stance of the government, in experimenting on these
inventions, in consequence of the success of which
they were adopted in the army and navy. Up'
such investigation, the Secretary is- authorize
