CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lit
make just compensation, not exceeding the sum of
: ; which being certified by him, shall be
paid out of the treasury in full of the claim of said
Shaw.
Mr. CRITTENDEN briefly explained the nature
of the claim. The Committee on Military Affairs
had sought and obtained full information from the
War Department and the Ordnance Bureau, which
showed that Mr. Shaw was recognised by the gov-
ernment as the inventor of the percussion caps and
locks for small fire-arms, and of the percussion locks
and wafer primers for cannon, now and for many
years adopted in the army and navy. When he of-
fered his inventions to the government, experiments
were'authorized, which proved-satisfactory, and the
inventions were at once adopted under the promise of
not revealing his secret, and of compensating him for
their use in the service. Owing to changes in the officers
of the government and other circumstances, the secret
was not kept, nor the promise of compensation; and
now that Mr. Shaw grows old and finds himself re-
duced to poverty, he claims that compensation. The
committee thought it should be left to the Secretary
of War to investigate and settle the claim, upon the
grounds of its merits; but with a restriction as to
the maximum to be allowed. He (Mr. C.) now
moved to fill the blank with the sum of §25,000.
_ Mr, HENDERSON asked where Mr. Shaw re-
aides.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said, he believed in Phila-
delphia.
Mr. HENDERSON had an impression that this
Mr. Shaw charged some one with having surrepti-
tiously obtained his secret, and procured compensa-
tion from government for it. He inquired if a Cap-
tain Bell had not been remunerated for something of
this kind.
Mr. CRITTENDEN had never heard of any
other claimant—knew nothing of the matter, and
could give the senator no information on the subject.
If there was anything of the kind, the officers who
had reported on the matter would be aware of it;
but they had all concurred in regarding Mr. Shaw
as the inventor of the percussion locks and caps
adopted by the government. So important did the
Emperor of Russia regard this invention that he
sent Mr. Shaw a present of $500.
Mr. HENDERSON was satisfied with the ex-
planation.
Mr. NILES thought the blank might be filled in
conformity with the precedent adopted in the case of
making compensation for the use of sulphur vapor
baths in the navy—used for many years before any-
thing was paid for the right. In that instance $10,000
was allowed.
Mr. BAYARD said that his attention having been
called, by the observations of the senator from Mis-
sissippi, to the case of Captain Bell, he had referred
to the act for his relief, and found the remuneration
was for the use of machinery for elevating and point-
ing cannon—not for inventions of the same charac-
ter as those of Mr. Shaw. The allowance to Cap-
tain Bell was $20,000.
Mr. HENDERSON was no doubt mistaken as
to the name; but the impression was still strong
on his mind that some one had surreptitiously ob-
tained Mr. Shaw's secret, and procured a patent or •
compensation for the discovery from government.
This, however, would make no impediment with
him in according a just compensation to the real in-
ventor.
The motion to fill the blank with $25,000 was
then decided in the affirmative—ayes 18, noes 15.
The bill was reported back to the Senate; and,
the amendment being concurred in, it was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The following Senate bills were then successive-
ly taken up, considered, and ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time—no debate being
elicited:
A bill for the relief of Wm. C. Easton;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Smith; and
A bill for the relief of Mary A. E. Zantzinger,
widow ofMaj. Richard A. Zantzinger.
The next was the Senate bill authorizing the
making of permanent contracts for the transporta-
tion of the United States mails upon railroads;
which was taken up, as in committee of the whole,
and read. It proposes that the Postmaster General
be authorized to enter into permanent contracts with
the several companies, individuals, or bodies politic
or corporate, having the right to make such con-
tracts, for the transportation of the United States
mail upon any of the railroads now in operation
within the United States, during the existence of the
road, the continuance of the charter, or any definite
term of years that may seem best for the United
States; and to agree to pay them, in consideration
of cal-rying the mail for such whole term, a sum in
gross, and in advance, in money, or in stock to
be issued by the government of the United
States, bearing an interest of not more than 4£
per cent, per annum, payable quarterly;- pro-
vided, that the Postmaster General shall, in no
instance, agree to pay for such service an amount
greater than the sum which would, at the rate of four
and a half per cent, yield an annual interest equal
to the amount now annually paid for the transpor-
tation of the mails; or, where railroads are not now
used for transporting the mail, a sum greater than
is now paid for their transportation by other con-
veyances. The Postmoster General is further au-
thorized to make similar contracts for railroads in
progress of construction, for an extension of the ser-
vice to the whole line when completed, to be paid
for only in propoition to the, extension in sections
of not less than ten miles. Every contract to be in
wri'ing, and when executed by the parties, to be
reported to, Congress, with such evidence of guaran-
ty and security as may be given, to be judged by
Congress; and no such contract to be of any force
or effect, or binding on either party, until approved
and accepted by joint resolution or law of Congress.
Mr. BUCHANAN said this was a very import-
ant bill, involving very important principles, and a
great amount of probable expenditure. He would
be glad it should be laid over till it was ascertained
what was to be done with the bill for the reduction
of postage, just- passed by. He hoped this bill
would be allowed to lie on the table till that bill is
disposed of.
Mr. MERRICK contended that there was no ne-
cessary connection between the two bills. This was
a distinct proposition, which required immediate ac-
tion, independent of any other proposition. The
department found itself entirely at the mercy of
these railroad companies, so far as regarded the
transportation of the mails over their routes; and no
other remedy could be devised but that now propos-
ed. The public justly insisted on having the mail
carried by the speediest modes of conveyance.
There was no competition with these railroads.
They charged enormously; and the department could
exercise no control over the time of the arrivals and
departures of the mail by them. The effect of the
bill would be to give the department this control,
and at the same time to lessen the expense of trans-
portation.
Mr. MILLER agreed with the senator from
Pennsylvania that this was a most important meas-
ure, and would require great consideration before it
could be acted upon with discretion. It seemed to
him that, after the contracts, to be made by the Post-
master General, although the assent of Congress is
provided for, the bill pledged Congress to the policy
of the principle upon which it is based. He hoped
the consideration of the bill would be postponed.
Mr. BUCHANAN did not wish to express any
opinion till he had time to investigate the subject.
As far as he at present understood the provisions of
the bill, the Postmaster General was to be au-
thorized to make contracts for advances to those
railroad companies, the interest on which, at 4j per
cent., should not exceed the annual cost of mail
transportation now. The bill goes farther, and pro-
vides for like contracts with respect to railroads not
completed. It would be, in effect, embarking the
general government m a system of internal im-
provements. All this was matter of grave consid-
eration. He further urged the propriety of post-
ponement.
Mr. MERRICK reiterated his views, and recited
the provisions of the bill, with a view of showing
that no risk was incurred of doing anything under it
that Congress could not control by the filial action
necessary to ratify the contracts.
Mr. HUNTINGTON agreed with the senators
from Pennsylvania and New Jersey in recommend-
ing the postponement of this bill. He pointed out
the danger of permanent contracts in cases where
competing railroads may be started, or shorter route
foitnd out.
Mr. WOODBURY thought contracts for four
years, as now made, the most prudent in a new
country like this. Mail routes are often changed,
in consequence of new facilities. To effect con-
tracts under such circumstances for twenty or thirty
years would be highly imprudent.
Mr. MERRICK replied at great length, still
maintaining his views as to the necessity and ex-
pediency of the measure.
The postponement of the subject was further re-
commended by Messrs. BUCHANAN, FOSTER
of New York, and BAGBY.
Mr. NILES made some observations notdistinct-
ly heard in the gallery; but understood' to be to th«
effect that no new principle was involved in the
bill, the department being already authorized by
law to make contracts, the present proposition be-
ing only as to the extension and terms of those
' contracts.
Mr. BAGBY was so opposed to the principle in-
volved in the bill, that he said he should move its
postponement indefinitely.
Mr. BERRIEN was about to move an adjourn-
ment, when
Mr. BUCHANAN hoped the question would
be taken on the postponement,
-Mr. BERRIEN would suspend his motion if the
Senator from Alabama did not mean to press his
intended motion of indefinite postponement.
Mr. BAGBY assenting not to press his motion,
The further consideration of the bill was post-
poned to Monday, the 3d of February next. -
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN,'
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 20, 1845.
FORTIFICATIONS OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported a bill making appropriations for
certain fortifications of the United States for tho
fiscal year beginning on the 1st July, 1845, and
ending 30th June, 1846: read, the first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
COLLECTION OF THE REVENUE, &C.
Mr. SLIDELL, by general consent, offered ths
following resolution; which, after being modified at
the suggestion of Mr. MURPHY, was considered
and agreed to:
Resolved, Tliat the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to present to this House a statement of the number of ves-
vet=, ana amount of tonnage, entered from and cleared for
foreign poits, at the ports of Boston, New York, Philadel-
phia, Baltimore and New Orleans,, respectively, and tba
amount of revenue collected at said ports respectively, dur*
ing the last fiscal year, with the expenses of collection dur-
ing- the same period. Also, a statement of the number of
inspectors, gaugers, weighers, measurers and markers, em-
ployed at said ports respectively, on the 17th day of June,
1844. That he be further requested to communicate to this
House whether in his opinion the number of inspectors,
gaugers, weighers, measurers and markers, now by law
authorized to be employed at the custom-houses of New-
Orleans and New York, are sufftcient to afford the proper
facilities to the commerce of those places, and for the protee-
ticn of the revenue.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. COBB asked the consent of the House to
offer a resolution fixing the hour of meeting of the
House at 11 o'clock, a. m , during the remainder of
the session.
Objections being made,
Mr. COBB moved a suspension of the rules, and
called for the yeas and nays oil that motion, which
were ordered.
The question being taking, it was decided in the
affirmative, yeas 142, nays 34.
The rules being suspended, and the resolution
before the House—
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY moved to amend it, by
striking out all after the word "resolved," and insert-
ing: "that for the remainder of the session, no motion
to adjourn shall bein order until after 4 o'clock, with-
out the assent of a majority of two-thirds.
After a few words from Mr. HAMLIN,
Mr. COBB moved the previous question.
On taking the vote, but 55 voted in the affirmative.
Tellers were called for—and Messrs. McKay
and Deli.et were appointed—and they reported
65 in the affirmative and 47 in the negative. So there
was a second.
The main question was ordered to be put, and the
question recurred on the amendment, which was
negatived.
The resolution was then agreed to.
TERRITORIAL 'BUSINESS.
Mr. LEVY, on behalf of the delegates from ths
Territories, desired to present the following resolu-
lution:
Resolved, That'the first three legislative days in Februa-
ry be especially assigned to the business of the TetritOs
ries.
