j5§
congressional globe.
„ Mr. SCHENCK objected, and then moved a sus-
pension of the rules to enable him to offer a resolu-
tion to suspend all the rules of this House for the
pan^gement of -its business, and that it might be
conduct^ according to the forms and usage of par-
liamentry law.
TJiie'rules were not suspended.
REANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
■" On the motion of Mr. KcKAY, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
stat^ of the Union, Mr. Hopkins in the chair, and
resumed the consideration of the resolutions for the
reannexation of Texas to this Union.
Mr. HAMMETT, who was entitled to the floor,
rose and said that he had never been called upon to
speak under circumstances more embarrassing to
himself than those which have surrounded him for
the last two or three days. He had been so long
interrupted in the remarks which he intended to
make on the subject of the annexation of Texas that
he interest in the subject had somewhat diminish-
ed. One day the House took up the subject of the
duel, and on other days, a still more unfortunate
subject occupied their attention—that in relation to
their money affairs; and he had thus been so long
interrupted and broken in upon, that he feared he
should now be disqualified for the discharge of the
duty which he proposed to himself.
In the hour which the House allowed to him, he
did not know that he could do more than give an
outline or skeleton of the speech which he wished
to make on the subject of Texas: and the filling up
of that outline, and' the clothing of that skeleton, he
should have to leave to the time when he wrote out
his speech; which he hoped to do.
|^hen he was up a few days ago, for a few mo-
ments, h  said this subject, now presented to the
civilized world, was without a parallel; and that it
- was as solemn as it was strange. He spoke of its im-
portance as connected with the prosperity, the
honor, and the glory of both countries; and then
said that the United States, in good faith, were
bound to admit Texas into this Union. He set out
with the simple proposition that Texas was, and is
now, rightfully part of the United States. He knew
this had been denied by men of great experience,
' and great political influence, who had said that the
government never had any rightful claim to Texas;
that Texas never constituted part of the United
Staes, nor of any State of the Union. But he must
say that such gentlemen were greatly mistaken.'"
As early as 1805, during the administration of the
immortal Jefferson himself, it wag*known that com-
missioners were appointed to negotiate with Spain
for the navigation of the Mississippi, and the settle-
ment of our boundaries; and, at that time, Texas
was held to belong to Louisiana. Mr. Livingston
asserted this in the most positive terms. Again,
during the administration of Mr. Monroe, it was
well known that apprehensions were entertained
that some citizens of France, at whose head the
brother ofNapoleon was supposed to be, wereabout
to make invasions into Texas, and there make a
home and a country for themselves; and that this
government sent a messenger to inform them that
they would not suffer any such thing; and
Mr. Monroe would never set up any claim to
that country, without a due examination of the
ground on which the claim was made. (TVom 1800,
in the days of Jefferson, to 1820, during the admin-
istration ofMr. Monroe—for twenty long years—
our right to Texas was maintained by every states-
man, and every man in every part of the govern-
ment. "
The next position he assumed—and this he thought
must be satisfactory to the other side of the House—
was that taken by Mr. Clay, by th" talented and
eloquent Clay, in a speech made in this House in
1820. In that speech he asserted, in support of
resolutions he had offered here against the ratifica-
tion of the tieaty, (for ii would be recollected that
the treaty of 1819, though it passed the Senate in
1819, was not ratified, and did not become binding
upon the Union until two years after, in 1821:)
during the interval then bptween these two first
acts of the Senate, the first and the second ratifica-
tion of the treaty by the Senate, Mr. Clay intro-
duced resolutions into this House, protesting against
the treaty. From the speech of Mr. Clay at that
time, Mr. H. read an extract embracing, among
others, the declaration "I presume the spectacle will
not be presented in this House of questioning our
title to Texas, which has been continually main-
lined by the executive for fifteen years past, under
three several administrations." That was the testi-
mony of Henry Clay, of Kentucky. If there should
be a whig in this House, who would believe Jef-
ferson, who would not bow to the authority of
Madison, Monroe, Livingston, Pinckney, he was
sure they must hesstate before they rejected the au-
thority of the honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams,] and the great statesman, Mr.
Clay.
The next position he assumed was, that we had
no right to part with Texas; for he set out with the
bold proposition that this government did not possess
the power to alienate territory or transfer allegiance.
It might seem bold—it might border on recklessness,
to make this proposition, so long after both these acts
had been done—that they should question the power
of this^ government to do so. He, however, took
the position, and he did so, he hoped, supported by
the best authority, that this government had never
had granted to it the power to transfer any por-
tion of the territory of the States of this Union
to foreign governments. He denied that there was
such a powor in the constitution. ^ The constitution
made the general government a limited government,
a mere agent to discharge the duties imposed upon
it as laid down in this instrument, which fixed limits
to the exercise of their powers, beyond which they
should not go. He challenged the most able, the
most learned, the most acute gentlemen who had
taken the opposite side of. the question, to point to
the line or the clause of the constitution which, by
any reasonable construction, could be found to give
such a power. It was not here; on the contrary,
there were clauses which forbid them to do it; which
made it their duty to hold on, not only to our terri-
tory, but to secure to that territory certain privileges
which they were bound, under the most solemn
sanctions of the constitution, to give. It made it
the duty of this government to protect each one of the
States of this Union from foreign invasion, to se-
cure to each State a republican form of government.
Was any man mad enough to suppose, when they
transferred the whole of that territory, large enough
for five or six States, to the despotic power of
Spain, that they did not infringe upon this very re-
quirement, and violate the whole spirit of the consti-
tution' Suppose they took one of our northwestern
territories, or suppose they took a portion of the
State of Missouri, or of Maine, and transferred it to
a despotic power: did they comply with their duty,
and guaranty to them a republican form of govern-
ment? No man on this floor was mad enough to
make this declaration. His friend said this had
been done in the case of Maine. If so, it was in vi-
olation of the constitution, and it was, ipso facto,
null and void. But that was the question of a mere
settlement of boundary. He admitted that the trea-
ty-making power had power to settle boundary lines
and to make that definite which was indefinite be-
fore; but if, in doing so, they transferred one single
inch of our soil, they violated that constitution
which made it their duty to secure to the people of
every State a republican form of government.
(Jhey had no right to transfer the allegiance of
American citizens, to sell their birthright, and turn
them over to the tender mercies of a despot, such as
ruled Spain in 1819. This power resided in a sov-
ereign alone. Hence, under despotic governments,
(in which all the sovereignty resided in the despot m
virtue of the power of the sword,) this transfer
might be made. France might transfer its terri-
tory to Spain, Russia to Circassia, or China to
England. But here, thanks to Heaven, sovereign-
ty resided elsewhere.—it was deposited in the peo-
ple; and the sovereign people of this nation had
never transferred this power to this government.
The treaty of 1819 ought to be pronounced null
and void, because it violated the constitution and
sold the privileges of American citizens, transferred
them over to despotism as though they had been
mere sheep or mules in the reorkef. In support of
this doctrine, he begged leave to tefer to authority
which he thought, would have ?reat weight in this
House. Under the administration of General
Washington, as early as 1792. negotiators Carmi-
chael and Short were sent to Spam on this very
subject of boundary. What did General Washing-
ton', and what did the cabinet of Washington, say to
these negotiators? They said the very thing he
had declared here—thai the governsr.ent had no^
power to tiansfer the allegiance of our citizens—-j
to put them into market as an article of barter or
sale. Mr. H. read from the correspondence of Jef-
ferson several extracts asserting this doctrine in
express terms. Here (he said) the doctrine was
asserted, that 'no branch of this government—that
the executive alone, and that tSe executive and
both branches of Congress, had not the power to
alienate one single foot of the territory of the Union,
jand,;Jherefore, when that act passed, which cutoff
I Texas and transferred her to a foreign government,
.it was in violation of the opinion of Washington,
/of the doctrine of Jefferson, and (what was higher
: authority) in violation of the constitution of the
. United Statesy This was the doctrine held by
Washington, and declared several times in instruc-
tions and correspondence with our negotiators Car-
miehael and Short, two or three years after this con-
stitution was signed by his immortal hand. He had
not time to go further into this subiect.
"What, then, was.the duty before them? Why to
undo what they had done; to heal the breach of the
constitution; to restore and bring back again those
men whom they had transferred to Spain. There
was no impediment in the way of this. There was
scarcely a man who took the opposite ground of the
argument, that did not admit that they had the pow-
''er to annex territory; for this unlimited power,
whether from foreign or domestic territory, was
given in the clause which said "New States may be
admitted by the Congress into' the Union." He
thought he might declare, without much fear of con-
tradiction, that the honorable gentlemen who were
anti-Texas, who were in favor of the British view of
the subject, had not one of them, as yet, thrown one
single stumbling-block in the way of annexation.
Now we had the opportunity of restoring the inhab-
itants of Texas to their former position. No man
would say that Mexico had a right to them. She
had forfeited that the moment she changed her con-
stitution, and placed at her head a despot. She had
driven Texas from her by refusing to give them
everything she had promised them, by imposing
upon them a despotic form of government, a re-
ligion that they did not believe, and by at last send-
ing a military force there to subject them to the iron
will of Santa Anna, the Napoleon of the West.
Yes, Santa Anna, who, like a poor sneaking cow-
ard, hid himself in the bushes, crying for the pitiful
boon of his forfeited life. That was the blessing
which Mexico had tried to guaranty to Texas. She
bad shaken off that yoke, she had become independ-
ent, and had been so recognised by most of the na-
tions of the earth; she had the full right of dispos-
ing of herself and of her own people; and she came
and offered herself and everything she had to us.
Yes, she offered us her republican spirit; she offered
us her wide domain; she offered us the valor of her
sons; and she gave us a guaranty that, if ever dan-
ger threatened our land, the spirit of St. Jacinto
would wake up with that of Louisiana, and there
would be there the followers of Houston, with those
of Jackson, to defend us against danger, come whence
it might.j
Whatwere the objections to this measure? One
was that they had not the power to do it except by
treaty. Mr. Clay had laid down the very opposite
of this doctrine. This the gentleman from Mary-
land had seemed to intimate was his only objection
to Texas. He had said that there was no other
way to get it, except by the treaty-making power.
Mr. Clay said that this was not the way; that the
treaty-making power never had conferred upon
it the power to get foreign nations except by consent
of Congress. (Mr. H. read from the speech of Mr.
Clay, of 1820, laying down this doctrine.) But
there were other authorities which ought to be con-
clusive with the opponents of this measure. In the
grave debate carried on in the other branch of Con-
gress, at the last session, the senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Choatf.,] the successor of the
"godlike" Daniel, had asserted that annexation
could not b<° effected without the concurrence of an
act or j' -hit resolution of Congress; end it would be
remembered that the very moment that assertion
dropped from him, the Senator fro.u South Caroli-
na [Mr. .YlcDi-rrii.j sprang fiom his seat, and pre-
sented a joint resolution for this purpose, 'lihe
Senator from Massachusetts told them that annexa-
tion could not be accomplished without the assent
of Congress. The gentleman from Maryland, and
the gentleman fiom Massachusetts, [Mr. Win-
thrcp,] held that Congress had nothing to do with
if, and that if itcould be dune at all, it must be by the
treaty-making power. When tnrse.^rave doctors
disagreed, bow should it be settled? il'l.e tiuth was,,
the opposst.on to this measure arose not from the'
mode in which it was proposed to accomplish it, but
from the same spirit which opposed the annexation
of Louisiana.
