162
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was opposed, therefore, to the*amendment proposed
by the senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Hunting-
to$.] He expressed the hope that it would not
prevail.
After a few remarks by Mr. SIMMONS, the
resolution was laid on the table for further 'exami-
nation.
On motion of Mr, TAPPAN, the previous orders
were postponed, with a view of taking up the bill
for the establishment of the
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The bill was accordingly taken up for further con-
sideration as in Committee of the Whole, the ques-
tion being on adopting the substitute reported from
the Committee on the Library, to whom had been
recommitted the original bill for the purpose of hav-
ing it remodeled.
This substitute provides, as the original bill did,
for the investment of the principal sum received
under the bequest, in the treasury of the United
States, at six per cent, interest from the date of its
reception; anu for placing at the disposal of the
managers the accumulated and accruing interest for
the purpose of carrying out the design of the donor—
the increase and diffusion of knowledge among men.'
The outlay of the accumulated interest is to be, as di-
rected in the first bill, upon all necessary buildings,
enclosures, purchases, and application ofthegrounds
appropriated out of the property of the United States
in the Mall heretofore described, for the objects of
the institution; the business "of the institution to be
conducted by a board of managers, consisting of the
Vice President of the United States, the chief justice
of the Supreme Court, while in office, three mem-
bers of the Senate, three members of the House of
Representatives, and sevea other persons, not mem-
bees of Congress, two of whom shall be members of
the National Institute in tfce city of Washington,
and resident in said city; the other five to be inhabit-
ants of the States, no two from the same State.
The three members of the Senate to be appointed
by the presiding officer of the Senate; and the three
members of the House by the Speaker of the
House. In each House the respective members,
so chosen, to be a standing committee on the Smith-
sonian Institution, and, together, a joint committee.
These appointments to be made on every fourth
Wednesday of December, to serve for one year; va-
cancies to he fiiled as they are in the regular com-
mittees. The other seven members to serve for two
years, to be ehossn by joint resolution of Congress
every alternate fourth Wednesday of December; va-
cancies to be filled in like manner whenever they
occur. The managers to meet on the first Monday
in May next, and fix the times of regular meetings
of the board. On any application of three members,
the superintendent shall call a meeting of the board
by letter to each member—five constituting a quo-
rum. Each member of the board to be paid his ne-
cessary travelling and other actual expenses in at-
tending meetings; winch shall be audited and re-
corded by the supeiintendent.
Whenever money is required for the purposes of
the institution, the superintendent, or managers, or
any three, may certify to the president of the
board that it is so required; whereupon he shall sub-
mit the requisition to a committee of three mana-
gers appointed for the purpose of regulating the ex-
penditures, for examination and approval; and,
upon their examination and approval, the president
of the board shall certify the same to the proper of-
ficer of the treasury as authority for the payment.
The board to make all needful rule3, regulations,
and by-laws for the government of the institution,
and the persons employed therein; and shall submit
to Congress, at each session, a report of the opera-
tions, expenditures, and condition of the institution.
The bill then details the duties of the board
m commencing operations. Among the buildmg3
is to be one for the reception ©f an extensive
library, equal to the first class of libraries in the
world. When the necessary buildings are erected,
all objects of natural history, plants, and geological
and mineralogioal specimens, belonging to the Uni-
ted States, in Washington or elsewheie, to be deliv-
ered to the institution, where they shall be arranged
in such order and so classed as best to facilitate the
examination and study of ihem; new acquisitions
of the institution to be classed and arranged in like
manner. The personal effects of Mr. Smithson to
be kept apart and preserved separate from other
property of the institution. The malingers to ap-
point the superintendent of the institution, who is
£o be secretary to the board, and professor of agri-
culture, horticulture, and raral economy; and he
may, with the approbation of the board, employ
such gardeners, agriculturists, and laborers, as
may be required for the institution. He is to
make experiments to determine the utility and
advantage of new modes and instruments of
culture, and whether new fruits, plants, and vegeta-
bles may be cultivated to advantage in the United
States; and those which shall prove worthy of adop-
tion, shall be distributed among the people of the
Union. The superintendent to be paid such salary
as the board may think proper; and the board may
remove him and appoint another in his place,
whenever the interest of the institution may require
it. The board is also to employ competent persons
to deliver lectures, or courses of lectuies in the in-
stitution upon literature, science, and art, and on the
application of science to art; during the sessions of
Congress, commencing next session; to make regu-
lations respecting attendance thereon; to fix the-rules
of compensation therefor; and to prescribe, from
time to time, the subjects of lectures, having regard
to the character of the audience before whom they
are delivered, and the intent of the donor—
the increase and diffusion of knowledge among
men: Provided the entire expenditure for lec-
tures shall not exceed $5,000 a year. The
managers may, at their discretion,cause these lectures,
or such of them as they desire, to be printed and
sold at the cost of publication. An annual expen-
diture of not less than $20,000 out of the interest of
the ftind is authorized to be made in the purchase
of books and manuscripts for the library of the in-
stitution, which library is to comprehend in due
proportion, without preference or exclusion of any
branch of knowledge, works pertaining to all the
departments of human knowledge, as well as physical
science, and the applications of science to the arts
of life, as all other science, philosophy, history,
literature and art; and for its extent, variety, and
value, said library shall be worthy of the donor of
the fund, and of this nation and the age. The managers
to emply a librarian an4 assistants, and to fix
their salaries; also to prescribe the regula-
tions under which the library shall be kept,
visited and used. In conclusion, the bill appoints
the seven managers not ex nfflcio members, as fol-
lows:
Jared P. Kirkland, of Ohio, Richard Henry
Wilde, of Louisiana, Geo tee Tucker, of Virginia,
C.°orge Bancroft, of Massachusetts, Henry King, of
Missouri, and Joseph G. Totien and Alexander
Dallas* Bache, members of the National Institute,
and resident in Washington, as the seven members
who, by the second section, would be appointed by
Congress. The right of altering, amending, adding
to, or repealing the act is reserved to Congress,
provided that no contract or individual right made or
acquired under its provisions be divested or im-
paired.
On motions of Messrs. TAPPAN and CHOATE,
two misprints in the new bill were amended.
Mr. WOODBURY remarked that most of the
amendments which he had submitted on a former
day to be printed, had been rendeied unnecessary
by the changes since made in the bill by the Libra-
ry Committee. But there was one defect still left, in
the board of managers, as he viewed the subject,
and -which it was desirable to have removed. He,
was fully sensible that any attempt to alter a bill
which has twice received the deliberate considera-
tion of a committee of this body, was almost hope-
less. But the subject was a novel one to us all. It
was, also, not a measure of ordinary legislation, af-
fecting the rights and property of our constituents,
but the discharge of an important trust m behalf of
a foreign philanthropist, and where we ought to
move slowly in our deliberations, and rather confer,
converse, and consult, as a real committee of the
whole, instead of debate like partisans. He would,
therefore, take the liberty to suggest that the board
of management now proposed was imperfect in two
respects. If did not contain persons enough resi-
dent at the place where their duties must be per-
formed, and wa# so constituted as to be likely to
render the elections of them by the two houses on
some occasions difficult, and open to improper in-
fluences.
There would be no objection to tie Vice President
and Chief Justice as members of the board, on ac-
count of the character of the present incumbents;
but neither of them lived here, nor did any of six
members of Congress prop'osed to be appointed—
nor any except fwo of the other manageis to be
selected at large. Now as no compensation was to
be given as salary or a per diem—it must be obvi-
ous that seldom would any one attend to the busi-
ness, unless residing on the spot. For, though
some would be here at times officially, yet we all
know that it was under a pressure of other engage-
ments likely to prevent a close attention to this
trust.
What Mr. W. wished to propose instead of this,
was the officers of the National Institute—most of
whom lived in this city, and five or six of whom
consisted ex-officio of the President and his cabinet,
as a public check—eqaal to that of the Vice Presi-
dent and Chief Justice, and superior in position,
as always on the spot.
This plan had the approbation of a formerlibra-
ry committee about two years ago; and he held in
his hand a bill to that effect, not acted on for want
of time, and reported by a distinguished South Car-
olinian, now in retirement, [Mr. Breston.]
He hoped, on reflection, it would again be found
acceptable to a majority of the committee and the
Senate; especially when aided by some additional
provisions, which he would suggest.
In order to let others at large participate, if they
pleased, and had leisure, he proposed to unite with
the officers of the Institute four persons from the
different sections of the Union; and, to render the-
supervision of Congress as strong and effective as
is proposed by the bill, to devolve that duty on the
Library Committee—a committee already organized
and talented, and peculiarly fitted, in some respects,
for matters of this character.
In order, likewise, to avoid the delay and difficul-
ties of elections by the two Houses, he proposed to
have this same committee of Congress select the
four members at large. The amendment he was
about to propose was intended to accomplish not
only these two general changes in the mode of elect-
ing, and in more convenient residence of mos* of
the board, without any loss of fitness in station and
pursuit, and without being any less under the im-
mediate control of Congress and its committee; but
to increase that control by placing all their doings,
and especially the mode of drawing money from the
treasury, under increased securities, to be prescribed
from time to time by the Library Committee. A-s
the bill stood now, an account must be opened with
every individual dealt with or paid; and no bonds ©r
security were required in any case. Mr. W. wish-
ed to clothe the committee of Congress with author-
ity to remedy these defects, anu not only make
the whole board of management subject to the
acts of Congress and its directions given from time
to time; but subject also to the constant scrutiny of
the standing committee of Congress in both Houses.
And so far from conferring salaries or donations on
the board or on the Institute, he would not give a
dollar to either, except to defray actual expenses in-
curred in the discharge of the treat; and not allow
either to draw a cent from the" treasury except in
the manner and under the security which shall be
prescribed by that standing committee of the two
Houses.
With these explanations, he submitted the amend-
ment he would now read:
To strike out those portions of thejnew bill pro-
viding for the constitution of a board of managers,
and insert:
"The National Institute, through it-; officers, not to ex-
ceed their present number, and associate with them four
other scientific gentlemen, from different portions of the
Union, to be selected by the Joint Committee on the Libia*
ry; and snid committee to exercise, from time to time a su-
pervision and control over this board, in behalf of Con-
gress. and see that its directions, as expressed in this act. or
m any future act, be duly carried into oftictj and to pre-
scribe safe rules to be adhered to in drawing from the treas-
ury and auditing all moneys whatever expended from the
Smithsonian fund: and none of the said board, nor anv of
said committee shall receive any compensation for their
personal services on this subject from the fund aforesaid,
but be paid only their travelling exp'ensos."
Mr. BUCHANAN would be very glad, if it eould
be accomplished, (and he thought at first it might be
on this amendment,) to get a test vote of the Senate
on the question whether Congress or the National
Institute shall have the management and control of
this Smithsonian library. Cut the amendment con-
tained some things not necessarily involved in that
test, which might be advantageously considered.
He could not move an amendment, or he would, so
as to separate these things.
Mr. CHOATE said the amendment of the senator
from New Hampshire raised the piecise question
the senator from Pennsylvania wished to have test-
ed.
