CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
Mr. BUCHANAN looked upon it as a compound
amendment.
Mr. TAPPAN hoped the amendment would not
prevail. Although the chairman of the Library
Committee some sessions back, [Mr. Preston,] then
a senator from South Carolina, made a report ac-
companied by a bill, in conformity with this amend-
ment, it was with the express understanding of the
committee that not one member of it but himself
was in favor of that plan, or would sustain it.
Mr. CHOATE did not know that the amend-
ment offered by the senator from New Hampshire
would not make a very good board of management;
and indeed he felt nothing but respect in the highest
degree for that senator and his associates of the Na-
tional Institute; as co-laborers in the advancement
of science and the diffusion of knowledge among
men, they had already done a good deal. But he
had ascertained, throagh various conferences in the
Library Committee, that the senator's proposition
was not likely to meet that favor or support neces-
sary to insure the success of the bill this session; on
the contrary, that it would make enemies of many
who would otherwise sustain the measure. Now,
on this subject of constituting a board of managers—
for the committee attached great importance to it—he
(Mr. C.) had given it his most anxious attenion.
It was the only part of the original bill to which
much consideration was not given in the first in-
stance. Since its recommittal the committee had had
repeated conferences on this point, and the result
luis been that the plan laid down in the bill was
unanimously adopted as a happy embodiment of the
main principles of all former propositions, the dif-
ference of opinion in regard to which had heretofore
impeded the action of Congress as to the disposi-
tion of the fund. He was prepared now to say, that
unless there was some more palpable objection than
had yet been made to the plan laid down in the bill,
the support which it would insure could not fail of
rendering the measure successful this session.
It might be necessary to say a word or two re-
specting the course pursued by the committee in ma-
king this arrangement. They went back to the rec-
ords of all proceedings in Congress since the recep-
tion of the bequest, to ascertain the number and
character of the various propositions suggested for
its disposition; and having collected them all, the
committee conceived they could not be mistaken in
combining from the whole such general principles as
would unite the greatest number of friends to the
main object. Now he felt bound to say, that in this
the committee had succeeded beyond his most san-
guine expectations. They had not, as the senator
from New Hampshire seemed to suppose, made a
complex, expensive, or impracticable, plan of ma-
chinery for the management of the institution; but,
on ^the contrary, one pre-eminently likely to work
well—economically, efficiently, and practically con-
sidered.
On reviewing all former propositions, the commit-
tee found that there were two or three things in
which a large majority concurred—such as, that the
Vice President and Chief Justice of the United
States should be, ex officio, members of the board,
and that they should have associated with them one
or two respectable resident members of the National
Institute. It was found, also, that a suggestion
came from Mr Robbins of Rhode Island, that
three members of the Senate and three of
the House of Representatives should be made
members of the board. Thus the committee had
united whatever there was to recommend this propo-
sition to those whose differences of opinion had
heretofore impeded the action of Congress. They
took for the ex officio members of the board the Vice-
President and the Chief Justice of the United States.
There could be no difficulty as to their appointment,
for they art* already elected, and always, by virtue
of their office, re.idy to act. The committee then
provided that three members of the Senate should
be named by the presiding officer in the same way
that he named standing committees; and that three
members of the House of Representatives, in like
manner, should be appointed by the Speaker of the
House. These six members would form a joint
standing committee, and have charge of the institu-
tion in Congress; for the committee decided that
Congress should hold in its own hands the control
and supervision of the institution. Thus Congress
would have the interests of the institution immediate-
ly represented on the floor of both Houses. In
addition to those eight ex officio members of the
board, there would be seven persons to be selected
by Congress—two of them fsom the resident mem-
bers of the National Institute, the remainder from
different States of the Union.^Heveafter, these seven
are to be elected by joint resolution of Congress
every two years. This would afford an opportuni-
ty of electing gentlemen distinguished as men of
science and learning, who, from the respect enter-
tained for them, would be able to enlist the most
friends for the institution, and would have the best
opportunities of making the citizens of the Union
acquainted with its objects and advantages.
There was another consideration which he was
sure would, upon reflection, have some weight with
the senator from New Hampshire, and, he hoped,
induce him to forego his amendment. It was, that,
in looking at the two propositions, with a view of
ascertaining which was most republican, most dem-
ocratic in principle, he would find that of the com-
mittee infinitely more so than his own. It was cer-
tainly anti-republican and anti-democratic to surren-
der all control of the people's representatives in re-
spect to a trust especially commi ted to their custo-
dy, for the people's benefit, and place it in the hands
of a close body, like the National Institute, wholly
irresponsible to either Congress or the people—a
body, the machinery and operations of which, so
far as regarded the people, were shut out from their
view, and to which they could of right have no ac-
cess. On the other hand, the proposition of the
committeejrecognised especially, and in a pre-eminent
degree, the complete control and supervision of the
people's representatives, and insured that publicity
which could not fail of gaining public confidence in
the management of the institution, and universal ap-
probation as to the attainment of the purpose for
which the bequest was made.
Mr. WOODBURY expressed some surprise that
his amendment should be attacked by the senator
Massachusetts [Mr. Choatb] as anti-republican or
anti-democratic. Such an attack from that quarter
was, in any view, extraordinary; but much more so,
when, in this very bill, in another place, six of the
members of his proposed board are recommended
by him to be appointed, not by the two Houses
of Congress or their committee, but three by the
Speaker of one, and three by the President of the
other, without any appeal.
But Mr. W. feared we were sliding into that
species of political debate which, in a case like this,
he deprecated. This was not a struggle for victory
of a party or personal predilection, but to execute
in the most fit and becoming manner a sacred trust
which had been devolved on us from abroad rather
than by our people.
Some gentlemen, who assail the proposed amend-
ment inadvertently seem to suppose it is a contest
whether Congress or the National Institute shall
control the Smithson fund; whereas no such ques-
tion exists. The same control is left in Congress,
if the amendment is adopted, as is left in it by the
bill as it now stands. Indeed, the amendment in-
creases the reserved control of Congress in one par-
ticular through the constant supervision and check
of the Library Committee of the two Houses which
it provides for.
After the amendment is adopted, Congress can at
any moment abolish or amend the whole board—
can give to it any special instructions by resolution
or act; and can, by its committee, give any direc-
tions, which by this very amendment are to be en-
forced by the board and Institute, rather than either
of them being made independent of Congress.
It seems also to be apprehended by some gentle-
men, that the National Institute is to have a great
donation of property, as well as power, by this
amendment; when, in truth, no power is bestow-
ed except conditionally, and which is not kept con-
stantly under the control of Congress; and not a dol-
lar of property, directly or indirectly, is given to the
Institute.
Indeed, no property is given to the Institute or
anybody else. The library, buildings, &c., all re-
main in Congress as trustee for the fund. The
board of managers, including the Institute, are mere
executive or ministerial agents to carry out our di-
rections, and own no more of the property itself,
than the captain in the navy owns of the ship-of-war
in his charge. It is rather a burden imposed on the
board and Institute—as they not only acquire no
property, but their service, which have so long and
decidedly been given to letters and science without
any pay, are all, by my amendment, to continue to
be gratuitous.
The difficulty will be rather in getting gentlemen
of suitable characters to devote their time at all to
this subject under these circumstances, than in pre-
venting them from profiting in a pecuniary point of
view. It is this apprehended difficulty which will,
in part, be removed by taking more managers resi-
dent here, who can attend to the business in rota-
tion or otherwise, at less inconvenience and loss
than those from a distance.
Again: it is said that the form of a resolution in
elections avoids any dispute. How so? Suppose
that the gentleman named in the bill from Ohio was
moved to be stricken out, and that of the member of
the Library Committee from Ohio be substituted,
[Mr. Tappan,] (as seemed to Mr. W. proper:)
might it not give rise to debate as to their respective
characters and fitness? So of every other member
proposed, though all doubtless were very suitable
men.
Other gentlemen seem to fear an abuse of the trust
by these agents under the amendment, when the
very object and terms of it are to increase the
guards against abuse, through one of our own com-
mittees, and its supervision and regulations; and
when the position of the Institute and board under
it, instead of being antagonist to Congress, or inde-
pendent of it, is made to be in more entire subordi-
nation to it, and is hemmed around by stronger
safeguards against any possible departure from its
commands or wishes. He was anxious that, while
the Smithson fund came from a stranger and abroad,
rather than from among ourselves, and hence gave
no cause for national pride or boasting, but rather
was mortifying to our own backwardness in such
an object, we should at least be vigilant over its
use, remedy defects as to its efficiency—which we
may by this amendment—and add something to our
national character by the appropriate manner of
managing the whole trust, though, unfortunately,
we hav"e had no lot nor part in creating it,or liberally
adding to it.
Mr. BUCHANAN observed that he had but very
few words to say on this subject. According to the
will of the donor, this fund was to bedistributed for
the"increase and diffusion of knowledge among men."
Considering our peculiar position in the District of
Columbia, he (Mr. B.) had arrived at the conclu-
sion that the best mode of distributing this fund
was by the purchase of a great library. Indeed, he
could imagine no other. If (said Mr. B.) you at-
tempt to establish a literary institution here, with
the great expense attendant upon living in this Dis-
trict, and from other causes which I need not enu-
merate, this fund in its benefits would be confined
to a very small portion of the people of this coun-
try. From the very nature of our government, and
the condition of the people of this country, we could
never expect to erect in our day a library to co -npare
with the great European libraries, except by the ap-
plication of this fund to that purpose. It was impos-
sible, every body knew, for any of our citizens who
proposed to write a history,or any other work that re-
quired an examination into ancient books and au-
thorities, to do so without going to Europe for that
purpose. Now, he believed that an extensive libra-
ry in which all the means of human knowledge
should be collected, and in which they sh uld be
equally open to all the citizens of this country, was
the very best mode in which 10 apply the money
so liberally bequeathed by Mr. Smithson
for the "increase and diffusion of knowl-
edge among men." He was clearly of that
opinion; but he had no idea of making a speech
upon the subject* The question now before the
Senate resolved itself into a very simple proposi-
tion; and that was, Shall Congress retain and direct
the immediate and efficient control of this fund, and
of its application, or shall it be administered through
the agency of the National Institute? That was the
question; and on the decision of the question his own
vote might depend. Now, he entertained all proper
respect for the members of this Institute, and he Re-
lieved it had been already instrumental in diffusing
knowledge among men; but he thought Congress was
bound to keep the application of this fund distinct
from that, or any other literary incorporated body.
What was proposed bv his honorable friend froin
New Hampshire [Mr. Woodburt] in the amend-
ment under consideration? Why, to connect the
National Institute with the Smithsonian library to
form a sort of partnership between the two. The
National Institute is to hold its meetings in a ronm
in the building to be erected for the use of theSmith-
sonian library. This was in the printed amendment,
and would be the inevitable consequenceof intrusting
the management of this fund to that Institute. In
a great national institution like the Smithsonian li-
brary, calculated for the benefit of the whole people
