CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
State? Unquestionably she would, and she would
also be a foreign State. A State cannot be admitted
into the Union till she is a sovereign; and then she
is a foreign State.
There was one objection which had been made to
this measure by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Kexsedt,] which at first he thought was en-
titled to some weight; and that was, that the consti-
tution provided that no man shall be qualified to
serve as a senator or member of the House of Rep-
resentatives, unless he shall have been nine years a
citizen of the United States for the first office and
seven years for the latter.
The objection was, how were the two olauses of
the constitution—^one providing that Congress may
admit new States into the Union, and the other de-
claring that a senator and a representative shall be
nine and seven years a resident of the United
States—to bo reconciled? But what was the rule of
law on this subject? The rule for construing laws
and constitutions was, that, where two provisions
conflict with each other, they shall be so construed
as to make each stand, if possible. But there was
no difficulty in this question, as it could not come
up till the State was admitted into the Union, and
sent her senators and representatives here. Sup-
pose, then, that the new State should send senators
and representatives who are inhabitants of one or the
other of the old States—indeed, the i'ramers of the
constitution might have provided this clause ex-
pressly with the view of meeting the cases of States
admitted into the Union out of foreign territory, so
that they may be compelled to find members of
Congress who, by a long residence in the United
States, may be better acquainted with its laws and
institutions than the late subjects of perhaps a des-
potic power. He now came to the objections on
the ground of expediency. It had been urged that
this was a sectional question—that the territory to
be annexed lies on our southern border, and that its
acquisition will add political strength to the south-
ern portion of the confederacy. Well, he should
like to know how any addition of territory was
ever to be made that was not sectional in that sense.
Will you (said he) ever get territory that surrounds
the whole Union? So far it was a sectional ques-
tion, and must of necessity be so; but, viewed in a
proper light, it was not sectional. The question
was, whether the limits of our Union were to stand
as now, and never to be extended; or whether we
are to go on and extend the blessings of our
free institutions over a vast territory; whether
we are to go on as our ancestors intended,
enlarging our possessions, extending our institu-
tions, and fulfilling our high destinies, or remain as
we are. If Texas was to be the last acquisition that
we are to make, there might be some force in the
objection; but it was not the last. He could not tell,
with the improvements that have be«n made in ma-
chinery and steam navigation, how long it would be
before the whole continent was brought under the
blessings of our constitution. He said the question
was not sectional because it was not final. Would
gentleman say that Oregon shall not come into the
confederacy? The South was, and would be in any
event, necessarily a small portion of the Union. The
greater portion of territory was at the North, and
the North would have the control of this continent.
"Westward the star of empire holds its way;" and
would gentlemen say that this would not have this
vast territory?
/ This was not a sectional question in its bearings.
/ There were two great objects which the constitution
was designed to secure: one was to provide for the
common defence, the other was to secure domestic
tranquillity. They had a mighty nation seeking to take
possession of territory on the borders of this confed-
eracy, with a view to assail a portion of this Union;
and would they say that they would disregard their
constitutional obligation to provide for the common
defence? Would they allow the design alluded to
to go on until it affected our domestic tranquillity—in-
ternal tranquillity—the tranquillity of the whole'
Would they say that they would not carry out th 
provisions of the constitution by the passage of this
bill? Were the people of the South under the pro-
tection of the constitution? Were they by the con-
stitution secured domestic tranquillity? Or would
they go on with the agitations of the South which
had been originated in the British Parliament, and
then brought into this place? Domestic tranquillity
was their constitutional right; it was the purpose for
which they entered into the confederacy, and now,
when a great object was presented as a means to
secure it, by which they could be at peace with the
constitution, and with their fellow-citizens at the
North, would they refuse to do it? A gentleman
from the North had said that the South itself was
answerable for the agitation; but that, he replied,
was like the wolf saying to the lamb, you disturb
my water. The South was a minority, and how
could she cause the disquietude? However, the taunt
came from a gentleman who invariably supported
these agitations; but could anything be more untrue?
It had been forced upon the South in spite of their
protestations; and now, when their people had been
disquieted, and an opportunity occurred by which
they coHld be tranquillized, would they refuse to
restore tranquillity amongst them? If the consum-
mation should come, which a gentleman from Ala-
bama once pictured of blood and slaughter and des-
olation of the South, to which the gentleman from
Massachusetts replied "let it come," the gentleman
from Massachusetts could not say with Macbeth,
Thou can'st not say I did it,
9 ***** f
Shake not thy gory locks at me.
By continuing the agitation of the South, and re-
fusing to tranquillize them by the passage of this bill,
they would violate every principle of the compact.
He then briefly replied to an argument used by
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Marsh,] and
contended that the provision of the constitution
which prohibited any alteration of the constitution
in relation to the importation of slaves, &c., was a
guaranty for the South, until the South became
strong enough to protect themselves.
But gentlemen had said this was a great strife for
sectional power between the North and the South.
Why, the South was in a minority, and was des-
tined ever to be so. And v  hat would they do with
the bill on the table? Why, every clause of the
constitution was designed to enable the weak to pro-
tect themselves; and, by passing this bill, they would
only be acting in consonance with the constitution.
What was despotism but irresponsible power?
Here the falling of the Chairman's hammer an-
nounced the expiration of the honorable gentleman's
hour.
Mr. CALDWELL said, during this discussion,
gentlemen had spoken of the great importance of
the subject under consideration. One gentleman
had said that it was of such vast importance, that
he could scarcely realize that they were engaged in
debating it. The astonishment with him, (Mr. C.,)
however, was,' not that they were actually engaged
in discussing the question, but that there should be
any portion of the statesmen of this country who
opposed the annexation of Texas to this Union.
We present the astonishing spectacle to the world
of having offered to us such a boon as had been of-
fered before to no nation of the earth, and yet they
were standing there debating whether they would
accept the proffered boon. To him, this was the
greater matter of wonder and astonishment.
He proposed, before he entered into any notice of
the objections which had been urged to this meas-
ure, to state briefly that Texas was once all our
own, with all its rich and fertile fields, and all its
mighty rivers. But we had lost that part of our do-
main. By the treaty of 1803 we acquired an undis-
puted right to the territory of Texas, but, by the
treaty of 1819, we lost that right. With deep mor-
tification he made the acknowledgment. It was no
part of his duty or purpose to cast censure on any
who were engaged in the formation of the treaty of
1819. The nation had had that subject under con-
sideration, and the nation had passed a verdict on
the question. It was sufficient for his purpose to
know that our greatest statesmen—Madison, Jeffer-
son, Monroe, Pinckney, ay, and Clay, and the ven-
erable gentleman from Massachusetts himself, [Mr.
Adams,] had all established the fact that Texas was
as much ours by the treaty of 1803, as was the
island of New Orleans.
From 1803 to 1819, the settlements which were
made in Texas were made under the guaranties of
that clause of the treaty of 1803 which provided that
the citizens ofTexas should be incorporated into the
Union of the United States. From 1803 to 1819 we
continued to hold out assurances to the inhabitants
of Texas of admission into this Union. All our
Presidents—all our accomplished statesmen con-
tended that Texas was ours, and all united in de-
claring that the citizens of Texas should receive the
protection of our flag, and be admitted into this
Union as citizens of the United States, according to
the treaty of 1803. He might refer to the action of
our statesmen day after day; he might point to the
letter written when the gentleman from Massachu-
setts was Secretary of State, declaring—when it was
expected that a descent would be made on Texas
by some Frenchmen, for the purpose of making set-
tlements there—that this government would not per-
mit such a thing north of the Rio Grande.
The settlements in Texas, then, were made un-
der what were supposed to be the guaranties of this
government to the people of Texas by the treaty of
1803. That treaty piovided that the inhabitants of
the ceded territory should be incorporated into the
Union of the United States as soon as possible, ac-
cording to the principles of the federal constitution,
and be protected in the enjoyment of the rights,
privileges, and immunities of the citizens of the
United S:ates; and, in the mean time, they were to
have the free enjoyment of their property, their
liberties, and the religion they profess.
Gentlemen talked about the obligation of treaties;
they professed a high regard for law and order, and
advocated a strict observance of treaty faith; and he
asked them where was their regard for treaties
when they sanctioned the selling ifito colonial bond-
age the very people whom this Union was bound by
the treaty of 1803 to protect.
He had said that by the treaty of 1819 we lost
Texas. That was so true that they could not deny
it; but he asserted here, and he held himself respon-
sible to prove the assertion, that neither Spain nor
Mexico acquired any right under the treaty of 1819.
It was one of the fundamental doctrines of our dec-
laration of independence that all legitimate govern-
ments derived their rights from the consent ef the
foverned. The people of Texas were part of the
Tnited States. We parted with our right to Texas;
but Spain took nothing by the deed; for the people
of Texas never sanctioned the act. Within a few
months after the treaty of 1819 a convention was
called in Texas; and the best estimate they had of
the population of that country was, that in 1819
Texas had 12,000 inhabitants. These inhabitants,
by their representatives in the convention to which
he had alluded, formed a declaration of independ-
ence, in which they said:
"The citizens of Texas have long indulged the hope that,
in the adjustment ot'the boundaries of the Spanish posses-
sions in America, and of the territories of the Lnited States,
they should be included within the limits ol the latter. The
claims of the United States, long and strenuously urged,
encouraged the hope.
* # * # # * *
"The recent treaty between Spain and the United States
ef America has dissipated an illusion too long fondly cher-
ished, and has aroused the citizens ofTexas from the torpor
into which a fancied security had lulled them. They have
seen themselves, by a convention to which they were no
party, literally abandoned to the dominion of the Crown of
Spain, and left a prey not only to impositions already intol-
erable, but to all those exactions which Spanish rapacity are
fertile in devising.
"The citizens of Texas would have proved themselves
unworthy of the age in which they live—unworthy of their
ancestry, of the kindred republics of the American conti-
nent, could they have hesitated in this emergency what
eourse to pursue? Spurning the fetters of colonial vassalage
—disdaining to submit to the most atrocious despotism that
ever disgraced the annals of Europe, they have resolved,
under the blessing of God, to be FltEE."
And from that moment they were free. From
1819 to 1824 Texas and Mexico presented a con-
tinued scene of revolution and bloodshed. Texas,
although for some time invaded by a foreign army,
never aid submit, never was conquered by either
the armies of Spain or of Mexico. She continued
to assert her right to freedom, and she maintained
that right until 1824, when she was admitted as a
free and independent State, with Coahuila into the
Mexiean confederacy. Thus far, then, they saw
that Texas never did Submit to Spain, and Texas
never had belonged to the present government of
Mexico. He would put it to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, if this confederated government
were overthrown by a military despot, and the con-
stitution under which we enjoy our liberties were
battled down into the dust, and a central government
were here established by a military tyrant, if the
people of Massachusetts would feel bound to submit
to Such despotism? Would she not raise her voice
in behalf of the constitution and of freedom? And
what more had Texas done? In 1825—one year
before her declaration of independence Texas
hoisted the banner of the constitution, and called
upon the older Mexican States to rally round it in
defence of their rights and their freedom; but she
was not regarded, and the Mexican confederacy fell
under the powijr of Santa Anna, with the exception
of the republic ofTexas.
She alone was true to her kindred; true to that
spirit which bhe had inherited from her ancestors
on the plains of St. Jacinto, where they had placet'
