170
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•with unutterable horror; he declared there was no
obligation for him or the people of his State to sus-
tain it. He appealed to northern men, whigs and
democrats, to know if they would sustain a move-
ment thus pressed upon them, whose issue was the
sustaining of slavery on land, when we hung up at
the yard-arm, without mercy, him who was engaged
in it on the high seas. He referred further to statis-
tics of the sufferings and deaths—the rivers of hu-
man blood caused to flow by slavery; and said they
far exceeded the oppressions and bloodshed of the
Mexicans among the Texians, for commisseration
of whom the President of the United States and
those who were so zealous in the cause of annex-
ation called so loudly.
It had been asserted, he said, that they were
bound to sustain the institution of slavery. He
denied it. He maintained that, at the formation of
the constitution, there was devolved upon the govern-
ment no obligation to interfere with slavery in any
way.' He asked gentlemen to point him to the line
or to the clause of the constitution which guarantied
the institution of slavery to the South. In support
of this view, he quoted Mr. Clay, Mr. Wilson, and
•Mr. Ellsworth, in the convention which framed the
constitution, and others.
Mr. G.'s hour here expired.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON obtained the floor.
After some preliminary remarks, in which he refer-
red to the wide range the debate had taken, and gave
notice that he should not feel obliged to confine
himself entirely to the direct question before the
committee, he proceeded to refer to the remarks
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings.] The
manner of the gentleman was a very remarkable
one, he believed medical writers contended that
there was such a disease as monomania—under
the influence of which, the mind that was laboring
was perfectly sound on all subjects save one. If
a stoking instance of this complaint had ever been
exhibited to the House, or to the country, he
thought it was in the gentleman who had just taken
his seat. He cared not what subject was introduced
into this House, if the gentleman from Ohio got
the floor, his cry was abolition! abolition !
The gentleman had made another remarkable
discovery, viz: that Texas, if she came into our
Union, laid down every attribute; and from that
fact, that the general government became liable for
her debts. Was the general government, he would
ask, responsible for the debts of Ohio? Some of the
propositions before the committee were to admit
Texas as a State; and would she not then retain her
sovereignty, and owe and be responsible still for her
own debt? He thought it was clear that she would.
Another gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Brinker-
hoff] had given them a very learned, unexpected,
and (to seme on this floor) interesting discourse.
He had apparently made a great discovery, and
found that the old hero of the Hermitage could
be made to speak so and so. The gentleman had
given them reasons why he was for, and reasons
why he was against,the annexation ofTexas; but the
conclusion of the whole matter was, that while his
specch was against it, he was for it; he had announced
to them that he was a great military man, and he
had said that if there was such an insect as a hum-
bug, this argument that General Jackson was made
to make was a humbug. General Cass, who occupied
a prominent position before the country, and who
had distinguished himself both as a soldier and a
statesman, has said that Texas was important to the
country as a military position. Andrew Jackson,
who had distinguished himself in every position he
had occupied, both in the cabinet and in the field,
took up the subject and showed conclusively its im-
portance m a military point of view. Here were Gen.
cral Jackson and General Cass oil the one side, and the
distinguished military gentleman from Ohio on the
other side. The country would judge between them.
General Jackson had been made to say! It was a
slander on his name, a libel 011 his character, he
cared not whence it came And when a democrat
would travel so far out of the line of debate as to
attack General Jackson, who stood in an uninter-
ested position before the country, and looked only
to its permanent interest, and to say that General
Jackson's argument on tins subject was a humbug,
Mr. J. said it came unkindly from the democratic
ranks, and the gentleman who could take such a
position he should judge must be in transitu between
the democrats and the whigs, and the attraction for
him must he much the stronger in the quarter
■whither he was going. But he would leave the dis-
tinguished military gentleman from Ohio, who had
scarcely ever smelled the smellof burning powder,
on one side, and General Jackson and General Cass
on the other side.
When the lion was in health and strength, all the
beasts of the forest trembled at his roar; but, now
that he lies enfeebled by age and sickness, they
march up to him like the as3. It was but the other
day that they had a speech from a gentleman who
represents Buncombe itself; and, as he lived in the
neighborhood of Buncombe, he thought he had a
right to say something in relation to it. I11 that
speech, the whole South was assailed in the grossest
manner. They were told that, if the South received
offices and rewards enough to satisfy them they
would be ready to submit to the present tariff. He
would read the gentleman's own words:
"Judging from the action of the House on this subject,
what is to become of the repeal of the tariff? I can tell
youf sir. If James.K. Polk will give to a few individuals
that I could name such offices as they desire, he will there-
by effect such a modification of the tariff as to render it ac-
ceptable m the main to the cliivalric majority of the State
of South Carolina."
Did the gentleman mean to insinuate that South
Carolina could be bought up, and induced to sup-
port a certain measure upon the bare offering and
acceptance of a little ofiice? He considered this an
unpardonable attack on the South, derogatory to
the southern character, and unbecoming a southern
representative to make. He presumed that the gen-
tleman who made these charges was inclined to
measure the corn of others by his own half bushel.
But the gentleman further said:
"Should these persons, however, fail to get such portion
of the spoils as they consider their due, viz. the lion's
share, then the tariff will be found so intolerably oppressive
that human nature cannot bear it, and must be nullified.
Be not deceived, sir, b; all the declamation which we hear
from time to time; for all-this is merely thrown out to
frighten Mr. Polk and his northern friends into a good com-
promise with respect to the distribution of the officcs."
To frighten Mr. Polk and his northern friends
into a proper distribution of the offices of govern-
ment! Was South Carolina threatening about officer
Was Alabama' or Tennessee? He thought not; and
it was a slander on southern reputation to say that
she can be bought by any office in the gift of the
executive. It was still a greater slander to say that
James K. Polk, recently elected President of the
United States, was capable of using such un-
worthy means to obtain support for his administra-
tion. Mr. J. here spoke on the subject of the offices
and office-holders in this District, and suggested the
manner in which he would have them filled, viz: in
equal proportions for all the congressional districts
in the Union. But some gentlemen talked about Jas.
K. Polk as if he was a mere cipher. He would tell
those speculating gentleman that they had mistaken
the man, and that James K. Polk, when he came
into power, would be the master spirit of his admin-
istration in defiance of machinations of intriguing
politicians, and in defiance of the united opposition
of the whole whig party. A little further on in the
gentleman's speech, which was, he presumed, in-
tended for the electio.is in North Carolina next sum-
mer, he found another singular position assumed.
The gentleman, in reference to the Pennsylvania
elections, used the following language:
"A similar state of things was exhibited in Pennsylvania,
and 1 have heard democratic members of this House speak
laughingly, of seeing in that State, numberless banners with
the inscuption borne 011 them of 'folk, Dallas, and the Dem-
ocratic Tarifi of 1942.' Yes, sir, and when the Whigs at-
tempted to set tins matter right, they weie told by the hon-
est but ignorant; eomanry ot that State, that they could not
believe that Mr." folk v.as opposed to thctanff, because
thej had been assured by their leaders, the men in whom
they had been accustomed to confide, that he was mucll
more favorable to a protective tenli than was Mr. clay
Tile honest but ignorant yeomanry of Pennsyl-
vania! A few woids on this subject. But he
would first observe that, in another portion of this
conundrum, which was before hfhi, the gentleman
said that his party had got all the intelligent portion
of the community ranged under their standards.
He would examine the facts bearing on this posi-
tion and see how far the gentleman was correct ill
his assumption. Now the States that voted for James
Iv. Polk gave 170 electoral votes, and those that
voted for Mr. Clay gave 105. Of the States that
voted for Mr. Polk there were 323,306 who could
not read and write, and of the States that voted for
Mr. Clay there were 224,444 that could not read
and write. Take the aggregate, and it would
be found that there was a greater proportion
•of the population which can read and write in the
States that voted for Mr. Polk, than in the States
that voted for Mr. Clay; yet, the gentleman said that
his party had with thera all the intelligent portion of
the commnnity. Mr. J. then made a comparison
between Pennsylvania and North Carolina, showing
that in the former, which voted for Mr. Polk, there
was a greater proportion of the people who can read
and write, than in the latter which voted for Mr.
Clay. Pennsylvania had only one in 122 persons
who could not read and write, while North Caro-
lina had one to every four. So much for intelli-
gence, and so much for ignorance. He would be
the last man to say any thing derogatory to North
Carolina, which had strong hold on his heart, be-
cause it was the land of his birth; but the truth must
be told in answer to the gentleman who had attempted
to disparage the intelligence of the democratic party.
Mr. J. next noticed the statement of the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Cx.ingman,] that British
gold had been received by the democratic party, and
used by them to carry the election of their candidate.
This he denounced as a vile slander, having not the
shadow of a foundation; and he called on the gentle-
man for his proof. If the gentleman could not pro-
duce the authority for the assertion he ma4e, it
would be acknowledging that it was a slander. In
another part of the gentleman's remarks, he noticed
a conversation he had with a porter. Why it was
getting very common to notice on that floor conver-
sations that took place in grog-shops, barber's-shops,
and with porters and hackmen. The gentleman
said:
"As; evidence of the sort of feeling which has been incul-
cated into the minds of the most ignorant of them, I may be
pardoned for mentioning a little incident that occurred in
the room of a friend to whom 1.chanced to be making a vis-
it. While making his fire, the Irish porter inquired when
Mr. Polk would come 011 to the city, 'f am told,'he added,
'that he is a great friend to 11s poor foreigners: we elected
him, and we can do most anything when we all try.' Sir,
had the iareign Catholics been divided in the late election,
a? other sects and classes generally were, -iiir. Clay would
have carried by aiarge majority the State of New York, as
also the States of Pennsylvania, Louisiana, and probably
some others in the northwest."
A little further 011 the gentleman said:
"The course of the abolition party has stripped them of
much of their influenee. by bringing them into general con-
tempt, even at the North. Besides, their late movements
will array a strong influence against them in other quarters,
more than enough to counterbalance their strength And if
the foreign Catholics, or foreigners generally, continue
banded together, with a view of controlling the elections of
the country, there will be aroused antagonist feelings in
the hearts of all tiue Americans, which will sweep away
the party to which they have attached themselves.'1
He did not appear here, Mr. J. said, to defend the
Catholic religion: there were but few Catholics in
his region, and there were prejudices there existing
against them. But he protested against the doctrine
here advanced by the gentleman. The Catholics of
this country had the right secured to them by the
constitution of worshipping the God of their fathers
in the manner dictated by their own consciences.
They sat down under their own vine and fig tree,,
and no man could interfere with them. This coun-
try was not prepared to establish an inquisition to
try and punish men for their religious belief;
and those who assailed any religious sect
in this country would find a majority of
the people arrayed against them. Mr. J. here
sent up to the table and caused to be read an ex-
fract from a paragraph published somewhere in
Tennessee, for the purpose of showing with wliat
political party the Catholics of this country acted in
the late contest. Mr. J. next, in reply to Mr. Cling-
man, took a view of Mr. Polk's course in relation
to the tariff, which he showed to have been con-
sistent throughout, and openly explained, as well as
well understood by the public; and then he con-
trasted with it Mr. Clay's vacillating course and
contradictory letters on the same subject. He also
read a letter from Mr. Clay, in which he said that,
considering the near approach of the election, he
had come to the determination to ansv.-cr no mole
letters making political inquiries.
He went on to quote from Mr. Clisgman's speech,
and to comment thereon, particularly on that part in
which the gentleman from North Carolina had spo-
ken of the President elect as a man without nerve.
He said Mr. Polk had shown himself to be a man of
great moral courage; and if his physical courage
should be tested by a call to the field—of what some
called "honor," but which he (Mr. J.) held to be
mfamy and disgrace—lie had no doubt it would be
found that Mr. Polk's pistol would not be discharged
before he had brought his arm to an angle of 45 de-
grees. [Laughter.] He then directed his attention
to the speech of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gid-
dings,] and was commenting thereon when his hour
expired.
