CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
171
Mr. RATHBOTf next obtained the floor.
Mr. BOYD desired permission to submit an
amendment to the pending resolutions.
The CHAIRMAN remarked that there was now
pending not only an amendment, [Mr. Weller's,]
but an amendment to the amendment, [Mr. Doug-
lass's,] and therefore'another amendment was not
in order.
Mr. DOUGLASS consented to accept the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky as a
modification of, or a substitute for, his amendment to
the amendment.
Mr: BOYD then presented his resolution, as fol-
lows:
Joint resolution providing for the admission of Texas as a
State of the Union.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmertca in Congress assembled, That
the Congress doth consent that the teriitory rightfully in-
cluded within the limits of Texas be erected into a new
State, to tie called the State of Texas, with a republican
form of government, to be adopted by the people of Texas,
with the consent of the existing government, upon the fol-
lowing conditions and guaranties; which, when adopted as
aforesaid, shall be obligatory as well upon the people of
Texas as upon the United States.
That said State be formed subject to the adjust-
ment, by the government of the United States, of all ques-
tions of boundary that may arise with other governments.
Second. That the constitution of said State of Texas, with
the proper evidence of its adoption by the people thereof,
be transmitted to the President of the United States, that the
same may be laid before Congress at its next session.
Third Said State, when admitted into the Union, after
ceding to the United States all fortifications, barracks, ports
and harbors, nsvy and navy.yards, docks, magazines, arms,
armaments, and all other property and means pertaining to
the public defence belonging to Texas, shall retam all the
public funds, debts, taxes, and dues of every kind which be-
long to or arc due or owing to Texas, and shall also retain
all the vacant and unappropriated lands lying within its
limits, to be applied to the payment of the debts and liabili-
ties of Texas; arid the residue of said lands, after discharging
said debts ana liabilities, to be disposed of as said State may
direct; but in no event are said debts and liabilities to be-
come a charge upon the government of the United States.
Fourth. New States, of convenient size, not exceeding
three in number, m addition to the State now proposed to
be admitted, and having sufficient population, may hereaf-
ter, by the consent of said State, be formed out of the terri-
tory thereof, which shall be entitled to admission into the
Union under the provisions of the federal constitution: Pi o-
vided: That said State or States as?may be formed out of
that portion of said territory which lies north of thirty-six
degrees and thirty minutes of north latitude, shall be sub-
ject to the provisions ot the eighth section of the act of Con-
gress of the sixth of March, eighteen hundred and twenty,
commonly called and known as the Missouri compromise;
but such State or States as may be formed out of that por-
tion of said territory which lies south of thirty-six degrees
and thirty minutes of north latitude, shall be admitted into
the Union with or without the provisions specified in said
eighth section, as the people of each State, from the great di
versity of soil, climate, and products, may de&ne.
The committee then rose and reported progress,
and Mr. Boyd's resolution was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SAMPLE presented some papers, the pur-
port of which was not heard; and they were referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
On the motion of Mr. HUNGERFORD, it wag
resolved that the Committee on Accounts be em-
powered to send for persons and papers.
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 22, 1845.
Mr. ALLEN" presented resolutions of the legis-
lature of Ohio, in which they request the senators
and representatives in Congress from that State to
employ all the reasons that are within their power
to bring a speedy termination to the negotiations
opened in relation to the title of the United States
to the Oregon Territory, and to take such measures
as they think necessary to secure the American set-
tlers there in the blessings of liberty, to give protec-
tion to thetr lives and property; and they protest in the
most solemn manner against the surrender, by com-
promise or otherwise, of the smallest portion of ter-
ritory which the United States have a just title to.
On motion of Mr. A., the resolutions were read,
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed—the select
committee on that subject having been discharged
on their report of a bill.
Mr. A. also presented a preamble and three res-
olution, passed by the general assembly of Ohio, on
the subject of the annexation of Texas to the Uni-
ted States. Mr. A. said that the preamble sets forth
the views of the legislature upon the subject, and
the first resolution proceeds to declare the solemn
protest of the general assembly of that State
against the proceeding of the government of the
United States, or any branch or department thereof,
which ha§ for its object the annexation of Texas
to the United States, and gives among other reasons
therefor that such a measure would be unconstitu-
tional, and -would be extending the area of slavery,
&c. The second resolutfon - in the series instructs
the senators representing that State on this floor, and
requests the members representing the people of that
State in the other branch of Congress, to conform
their action to the views expressed in the resolution,
and to use their utmost .endeavors to prevent the
annexation • of Texas of the United States. The
resolutions were read, and ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition from
Harman Blannerhasset, in behalf of himself and
his brother, Joseph L. Blannerhasset, praying com-
pensation for property of his father, (Harman Blan-
nerhasset, deceased,) which was destroyed by offi-
cers acting under the authority of the United States,
at the time of his supposed connection with Aaron
Burr.
Mr. RIVES presented the petition of J. R. Bry-
ant, the administrator of Garretson, deceas-
ed, late of the State of Virginia, and a purser in the
service of the United States, praying that the ac-
counting officers, in the settlement of his accounts,
may be authorized to allow certain charges for of-
fice rent while on a naval station: referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition from Ebenezer
Storer, an officer of the revolutionary army, praying
for the allowance of arrears of pension: referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files the petition of the heirs of
Thomas Stewart, praying t© be indemnified for dep-
redations committed by the Cherokee Indians in
1780, and it was referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BARROW, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files the petition of J. W.
Breedlove, of New Orleans, praying compensation
for the use of his boat.
Mr. PHELPS presented a memorial from Alden
Partridge, of Norwich, Vermont, asking for a loan
of 150 muskets, with bayonets, and a like quantity
of cartridge boxes, for the use of his military acade-
my at that place: referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Ateo presented a petition from sundry citizens of
Yates count)-, New York, in which they ask Con-
gress to adopt measures by which this and other na-
tions will be pledged to settle all future international
difficulties by peaccable arbitration; and also ask
that Congress would diminish the appropriations for
works of defence, the tendency of which is believed
by them to keep alive a thirst for bloodshed, and to
give power to the spirit of national revenge: read
and ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill to confirm the
title of certain lands claimed by Benjamin Bulla*d,
of Louisville; which was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading, and the report accompanying to be
printed.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made an adverse report (which was ordered
to be printed) on the petition of Alver Day and
other members of a company of Ohio volunteers,
during the last war, praying the payment of the
amount of pay due them.
Also, from the same committee, to which the me-
merial of James Smally, agent, upon the subject, was
referred, reported a bill for the payment oi the 4th
regiment in the 2d brigade of the 3d division of Ver-
mont militia, for services at the battle of Plattsburg;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading,
and the report accompanying to be printed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, on leave, introduced a joint
resolution respecting the application of certain rp-
propriations; which was twice read, when
Mr. C. remarked that he did not think it was ne-
cessary to refer the resolution to any committee, as
it did not propose any appropriation of money. By
the acts already existing, appropriations have been
made to satisfy claims for supplies furnished to the
troops in Florida. In the settlement of the accounts,
the former law or resolutions do not embrace some
cases—for instance: those cases where provisions
were accidentally lost and captured by the enemy.
This resolution was intended to supply the dcfect.
It therefore needed no reference to a committee, as
it was merely to give more latitude to the applica-
tion of the appropriations.
The resolution was placed upon the calendar.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Roads and
Canals, to which was referred the bill to grant a por-
tion of public lands to the State of Illinois to aid in
the completion of the Illinois and Michigan canal,
reported it back with an amendment filling the
blank in the bill with 500,000 acres, and recommend-
ing its passage.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back, with an amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill
to quiet the title to certain lots of land in the town
of rerrysburg and Croghansville, in the State of
Ohio. ■
The several adverse reports of the standing com-
mittees in the cases of Christopher Taylor and the
heirs of Albert A. Muller, were concurred in by the
Senate.
Mr. HUNTINGTON submitted the following re-
solution, which lies on the table one day, under the
rule, viz:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed to in-
form the Senate whether the amount of revenue of the Post
Oflice Department from postages, fines, and miscellaneous
receipts, which accrued between the 4th of March, 1841,
and the 30th of June, 1844, exclusive of the sum of four hun-
dred and ninety-seven thousand six hundred and fifty-seven
dollars, or of any part thereof, appropriated by an act enti-
tled An act to make appropriations for the Post Office De-
partment, approved September 9th, 1841, has been sufficient
to defray the current expenses of the department during
that period, and if not, what is the amount of the deficiency,
and whether it exceeds or falls short of the sum still uncol-
lected, and supposed to be collectable, of the revenue of the
department which has accrued during said period, and the
amount of such excess or deficiency.
On motion by Mr. ASHLEY,
Resohed, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of incxeasing the
piesent military force in the State of Arkansas to an
amount sufficient for the proper protection of the inhabit-
ants of said State, against the depredations of the Indian
tribes within her limits; also, into the expediency of com-
pleting the erection of Fort Wayne, on the western frontier
of said State, or some other fort in lieu thereof, and the es-
tablishment therein of a sufficient military force; also, to
inquire into the expediency of removing the troops now
stationed at Forts Gibson andTowson, military stations in
the Indian country west of the State of Arkansas, to some
points or stations within the limits of the State, from
whence they may afford some protection to her citizens
residing in the exposed and unprotected portions of the
State.
Mr. HUGER presented a memorial from sundry
citizens of the city council and of the chamber of
commerce of Charleston, South Carolina, asking
that the branch mint it may be necessary to erect in
consequence of the burning of the one at Charlotte,
North Carolina, may be built at Charleston, South
Carolina: referred lo flic Committee on Finance.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
The engrossed bill making appropriation for the
continuation of the Cumberland road in the States
of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, came up for consider-
ation, the question being, Shall the bill pass?
Mr. EVANS inquired what amount was pro-
posed to be appropriated by the bill.
Mr. WHITE remarked that the bill provided the
same amount of appropriation as the bill for the
same object which passed the Senate the last ses-
sion, and it was in the very woids of that bill.
The bill failed in the other House for the want of
time to act upon it. The appropriation proposed
by the bill was recommended by the Secretary of.
War and chief of the topographical bureau.
Mr. EVANS inquired whethej, according to the
estimates of the department, the amount of appro-
priations in the bill was sufficient to complete the
road.
Mr. WHITE was understood to reply that the
appropriations were for the year.
Mr. NILES said he rose to ask for the ayes and
noes, and not to make a speech against the passage of
this bill. He had too much experience here, and had
been too careful an observer of the action of this
government, to consume the time of the Senate in
the discussion of a constitutional question, or to op-
pose to the passage of any bill a constitutional objec-
tion. This subject was an ancient one, almost as old
as the government; yet the repeated action of Con-
gress had not changed the question. A wrong,
however often repeated, did not, by such repetition,
become a right. He believed that this bill did not
contain the provision usually contained in these ap-
propriation bills, for reimbursing the sum appropri-
ated from the five per cent, fund arising from the
sales of the public lands 111 the States, in pursuance
of an original compact with the new States. There
had been, he believed, some of our executives who
would not sign a bill of this kind, unless it contain-
ed such provision. Whether such were the sentU
