172
CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
raeota of the present executive, he did not know,
and if he did, it would not be proper to allude to them
here. He had been called by his friends Old Veto;
yet Mr, N. could not say whether he would veto this
bill,'either withoot or with such provision. We
hav'e>{said Mr. N.) not only the beat and wisest con-
stitution, in the world, but one remarkably conve-
nient in practice; as it was understood by; many, it was
made to possess the quantity of elasticity—of con-
traction and expansion according to circumstances,
or the purposes of particular interests. There was a
thermometer, which usually indicated the character of
the constitution at different times. This was not so
much the temperature of the political atmosphere, as
the state of the treasury. When the treasury is
low, the constitution contracts; but when it is full,
it suddenly expands, and becomes sufficiently broad
and ample to authorize almost any measure
which- either general or sectional interests may urge
upon Congress. For some years past, the treas-
ury hawing been in a low state, appropriations
for the object contemplated in this bill have not
been made. The want of funds rendered such ap-
propriations unconstitutional. Now we have a re-
dundant treasury, and seem to be approaching a pe-
riod of a surplus revenue, and, consequently, there
is no longer any doubt as to the power to pass this
bill, or the justice and expediency of doing so. Ha
thought it was time the question was settled as to
the power and policy of this government to expend
the public funds on works of internal improvement.
Whatever it once may have been, this road now had
become^ a mere local road, beneficial only to the
States through which it passed. The public travel
and trade had found other channels, and this road
had become only a local one. We had yesterday a
very strong speech from his friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Allen,]—in much of which he concurred—which
pointed out. the importance of attaching the
word "national" to local and personal interests.
We now have an instance of the kind before us:
this road is called national, although, in fact, it is
local; but it is attempted to attach to it the odor of
nationality, so as to bring it within the pale of the
constitution, and give it a character of general inter-
est. But" when are these appropriations to cease;
and what is to be the limit of this road called na-
tional? Will it stop at the Mississippi' The same
reasons will exist for extending it west of that point,
as do now for going'to it. If it is national east of
the Mississippi, it will be national west of
it, and there will be found no point at which we can
stop short of the shores of the Pacific ocean. In
twenty years or so, we may have a State on the bor-
ders of the Pacific; and Oregon will have its senators
in this hall, and we shall be called on to continue
this road to that settlement. It was some years since
admitted by a distinguished senator, not now here,
friendly to this object, and who believed -that there
was power in this government to prosecute works of
internal improvement, that this road ought to have
a limit; and that if appropriations were continued to
lie made, they should have a reference to a termina-
tion erf the work. But now we have no limit, no
prospect ahead of ever bringing these appropri-
ations to a close. They must go on from
year to year, and each appropriation becomes a
precedent and a, reason for future appropriations,
and nothing but the nataral limits to which he had
referred could put an end to these annual drains
from the treasury. He asked for the ayes and
noes, as he wished to record his vote against the
bill.
Mr. WHITE said he felt no disposition to allow
himself to.be drawn into a constitutional argu-
ment on this bill. He would not let those constitu-
tional objections go unanswered, if it was not for
the fact that this subject was one hammered as long
as the constitution itself had had an existenrp. This
bill was one in execution of a system of policy
countenanced by the government dining half its ex-
istence; and it was as familiar to the constitution as
the preamble to the constitution itself. He would
not trespass upon the time of the Senate, and would
only say that the same bill was passed by the Sen-
ate last session by a large majority, and it failed in
the House merely for the want of time for its con-
sideration. The constitution of that body was such
that it disabled them from taking up measures, un-
less of imperative necessity. The Senate, he appre-
hended, would not fail to execute the act which they be-
gan the last session, under a state of the treasury not
near so favorable as now—when it was overflowing
with means. The Senate would recollect that, last
session, the dimensions of the road were changed,
as in the present bill, so as to contract it within a
foot of one half its former wijjth, and that, too, in
the portion comprising the most expensive item of
its construction—the Macadamized portion. The
road proposed to be finished by this bill had been
long since commenced, and was in a dilapidated con-
dition. He then alluded to the lavish expenditure
of money for improvements in the northern and
middle portions of the country—particulailjr for
stock in the Chesapeake and Ohio canal—and main-
tained tbat this "appropriation for the West should
not be withheld. 1
The yeas and nays, being ordered, were taken,
and the bill was passed in the affirmative, by yeas
25, nays 14, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Barrow, Bates,
Benton, Breese, Buchanan, Choate, Crittenden, _ Dayton,
Foster of Tennessee. Francis, Hannegan, Jarnagin More-
head, Porter, Semple, Sevier, Simmons, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Upham, White,.and Woodbndge—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Atherton, Bagby, Colquitt, Dickinson,
Evans. Fairtield. Foster of New York, Haywood, KenUer-
soe, Huger, Mangum, Niles, Phelps, and Woodbury—14.
MASSACHUSETTS CLAIM-.
The engrossed bill to refund an ascertained bal-
ance to the State of Massachusetts came up, the
question being, Shall the bill pass? On that mo-
tion, the yeasand nays, having been ordered and
taken, resulted: yeas 25, nays 18, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate, Clay-
ton, Crittenden, Da} ton, j£vans, Fairfield, Foster of Tennejj-
-see, Henderson, Huger, Huntington, Jarnagin, Mangnm,
Miller, Morehead, Pearce, PUelps, Porter, Rives, Simmons,
Upham, White, and Woodbvidge—2d.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, Buchanan, Colquitt, Dickinson, Foster
ot New York, Hannegan, Haywood, Semple, Sevier, Stur-
geon, Tappan, and Woodbury—19.
So the bill was passed.
The engrossed bill for the relief of Jeshua Shaw
came up for consideration, the question being, Shall
it pass? and, on that motion the yeas and nays
were ordered.
The bill provides for the investigation, by the
Secretary of War, of the claim of Joshua Shaw
against the United States for compensation for the
use made in the army and navy of his inventions,
namely, "the percussion cap and lock for small
arms," and the percussion locks and wafer primers
for cannon;" and for his personal services rendered
at the instance of the government, in experimenting
on these inventions, in consequence of the success
of which they were .idopted in the army and navy.
Upon such investigation, the secretary is authorized
to make just compensation, not exceeding the sum
of 25,000; which being certified bv him, shall be
paid out of the treasury in full of the claim of said
Shaw.
Mr. HENDERSON said his doubts as to the
propriety of allowing this claim had been increased
by [lis further investigation of the matter since the
bill was last up. He went into an explanation of
the nature of the claim, and discussed the impolicy
of Congress granting compensation where doubts
rested, as in this case, whether the cap invented by
Shaw was actually the one m general use by the
government. He also read a letter from the Patent
Office showing that the first patent grated for that
object upon which the claim is based in this bill,
was invented by and patented to a Mr. Bell.
Mr. CRITTENDEN spoke at some length in
favor of the claim. He remarked that Mr. Shaw
was recognised by the government as the inventor
of the percussion caps and locks for small fire-arms,
and of the percussion locks and wafer primers for
cannon, now and for many years adopted in the
army and navy. When he offered his inventions
to t'he government, experiments were authorized,
which proved satisfactory, and the inventions were
at once adopted under the promise of not revealing
his secret, and of compensating him for their use m
the service. Owing to changes m the officers of the
government and other circumstances, the secret was
not kr-pt, nor the promise of compensation; and now
that Mr. Shaw grows old and finds himself reduced
to poverty, he claims that compensation. Those
using the inventions in the service, say they are of
great use.
Mr. C. read the report of Col. Talcott, who in-
vestigated the matter, in which it is said that Joshua
Shaw was undoubtedly the inventor, and that the
cap was the greatest invention of the kind since the
days when the old matchlock was in use. The
Committee on Military Affairs (he said) were per-
fectly convinced that it was the invention of Joshua
Shaw that the government has now in use, and for
which they were bound, in common justice, to pay.
Mr. BUCHANAN went fully into the merits of
the claim, and advocated the passage-of the bill-.
Mr. BAGBY made some remarks in favor of re-
committing the bill, with instructions so to amend it
as to allow only. #10,000. _ . . >
Mr. PEARCE favored the recommitment with
the view of reducing the amount proposed to be al-
lowed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN made some further rewarka .
in support of the claim.
Mr. TAPPAN advocated the reduction of the
amount to $10,000. '
Mr. ALL,EN advocated the recommittal.- He
thought, far an invention of the kind, and under the
circumstances, that $25,000 would bfe an enormous
allowance. .
The question was then taken on the proposition,
to recommit, and decided in the negative, on yeas
and nays, as follows—yeas'SXT, narys 23, vii:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Barrow, Beaton, Berrien,
Breese, Clayton, Calquitt, Dickinson, Evans, Fairfield, Fos-
ter of New Vork, Henderson, Huntington, Niles, Pearce,
Semple, Sevier, Tappan, andWoodbury—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Barrow, Bites, Buchi nan,
Choate, Cnttendort, Dayton* Foster of Tennessee, Francis,
Hannegan, Haywood, Huger, Mangum, Miller, Morehead,
Phelps, F rter, Rives, Simmons, Sturgeon, Upham, Wiilker,
and White—23.
The question recurring on the passage of the bill,
it was decided in the affirmative,-on yea* and nayH,
as follows: ' "
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley1, Barrow, Bates, Buchanan,Choate,
Crittendon, Dayton, Evans, Foster of Tennessee, Frahcis,
Hannegan, Haywood, Huger, (Jarnagin, Mangum, Miller,
Morehead, Pearce, Phelps, Porter, Rives, Simmens, Stur- .
geon, Upham, Walker, and White—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Bagby, Benton, Breese,
Clayton, Colquitt, C'ickinson, Fairfield, Foster of New
York, Huntington, Niles, Seniple, Sevier, Tappan, and
Woodbury—16. * '
The bill for the relief of Mary'E. Zantzinger,
the widow of Major Richard A. Zantzinger, was
read a third time and passed. , '
The engrossed bill to repeal an act for the Better
organization of the district court of the United States
within the State of-Louisiana, and for other p*r-.
poses, was read the third time and passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, communicating an abstract of the treaty be-
tween the United States and China, only awaiting
the ratification by China. He recomillends the ap-.
pointment of a permanent minister or commission to
China, inasmuch as Prance and* England have done
so: referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations-
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The general orders w«re then taken up, the.un-
finished business of which was the further consid-
eration of the bill for the establishment of the Smith-
sonian Institution. The question was whether the
bill, as amended in committee of- the whole, should
be further amended, having been reported back to
the Senate, and the committee's amendments having
been confirmed.
Mr. TAPPAN submitted the following amend-
ment; which was read and adopted:
At the end of the 4th seetion to add—
And all laws for the protection 0f public property, in the
city of ashington shall apply to, and lie in forct tor, the
protection of the lands, buildings, and other property of
said institution; and all prosecutions for trespass upon said
property, and <dl civil suits on behalf of said institution, shall
be prosecuted in the name ofthe United States in any court
having competent jurisdiction ofthe same. *-
The bill was then ordered to be engrossedand
read a third time. ' - .
The next bill on the calendar was that in relation
to claims growing out of ^French spoliations prior to
1800; which, being called, was,"on motion ofMr.
CHOATE, passed over informally.
The next was the Senate bill to confirm the title
to a tract of land in the Territory of Iowa to the
legal heirs and assigns of Julian Dubuque, deceased.
It was taken up and read, as in committee of the
whole.
It provides that the tract of land granted to Julian
Dubuque by the Baroride Carondelet, by conces-
sion, bearing date the 10th,November, 1796, situ-
ated on the west bank of the Mississippi river, in t
■ the Territory of Iowa, including the lands and
rivers, now known by the name of "Dubuque,"
being seven leagues ip front upon the river ani three
leagues in depth back from the river, to belaid off
according to calls set forth in Dubuque's requete,
be confirmed to the legal heirs and assigns of said Ju-
lian Dubuque, deceased; p'rovtded this bill shall
only operate as a relinquishment of title by
the United States, and that it sKall not extend to or.
