CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be applied in behalf of said heirs and assigns, to such
lots of land belonging originally to the Dubuque
claim, as the United States have sold, or to which
pre-emption rights have been acquired and estab-
lished before the date of this act. But in lieu of
these, the heirs and assigns shall be entitled to enter
like quantities of any public lands subject to private
entry ifi the territory. The requisitions of the bill
to be carried into effect by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, who is directed to issue a patent
to the claimants accordingly.
Mr. PEARCE, as a member of the-Committee
on Private Land Claims, stated the difficulties which
had hitherto tfbstructed the settlement of this claim.
The claim was of some fifty or sixty years stand-
ing, and had hitherto been regarded on the part of
the government as a claim extending only to the
personal grant of the right of mining on the lands.
Such had been Mr. Gallatin's view, and, he believed,
also that of Mr. Smith of Indiana, while chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands in the Senate.
Mr. Gallatin held that the Indian grant to Dubuque
was only "a personal permission to work the lead
mines as long as he should remain," and that the
grant of the Spanish governor, the Baron de Caron-
delet, was only "the peaceable possession" of a tract
of land on which the miners were.
Mr. HENDERSON maintained, at great length,
the full validity of the claim, and entered into an
able legal argument to prove thar although, i^ strict-
ness, the grant in the first instance did seem to be
only a personal permission, yet by a subsequent
act of the Indians, in which they stipulated further,
that "in case he (Dubuque) shall find nothing
within (the mines sold to him) he shall be free to
search wherever it shall seem good to him, and to
work peaceably, without any hurting him, or doing
him any pre judice in his labors." Dubuque, eight
years after this acquisition, petitioned the governor,
(Baron de Carondelet,) stating that he had pur-
chased a tractof land from the Indians, and the mines
it contained, and he asked to be confirmed in the
peaceable possession of the same. The governor re-
ferred the petition to the licensed Spanish trader of
the Indian territory, named Todd, acting as com-
missioner, with this direction: "Let information be
given by the merchant, Don Andrew Todd, on the
nature of (he demand." Todd, in due time, report-
ed to the governor, "in compliance with your supe-
rior order, in which you command me to give in-
formation on the solicitation of the individual inter-
ested in the foregoing memorial, I have to say that,
as to the land for which he asks, nothing occurs to
me why it should not be granted, if you find it con-
venient, &c." The governor accordingly confirmed
Dubuque in the peaceable possession of the land.
General Harrison, in lb04, settled the treaty of St.
Louis with these Indians, and in 1806 amended it
on account of this claim. In his report, touching
this amendment of the treaty, General Harrison
says the additional article was written and submitted
to the Indians, and that "they readily consented to
it, and the undersigned (Gen. H.) informed them
that the intention of it was to embrace particularly
the claim of Dubuque, the validity of which they
acknowledged." The United States Senate subse-
quently ratified this treaty, which set at rest all ob-
jection to General Harrison's power of making it.
On these grounds, as well as others, which he enu-
merated at great length, Mr. H. held that the heirs
and assigns of Dubuque had as good a legal and
equitable claim to this grant as had any of the
claimants under Spanish grants which this govern-
ment had hitherto confumed.
Mr. PEAftCE, observing that it was desirable
there should be a full Senate for the further consid-
eration of the hill, moved an adjournment.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday,"January 22, 1845.
The following resolution, offered last evening by
Mr. WENTWORTH, camc up:
Resolved, That the honorable the Seerctary of War fur-
nish to this House the proceeding and opinion of a court of
inquiry convened by the direction of the Secretary of War,
in March, 1.ill, at Fott Gibson, to investigate the conduct
and character of Surgeon P. Maxwell, u|jK>n oharges anil im-
putations made against him by the Surgeon General in cer-
tain official papeis, and all the correspondence and papers
connected therewith.
Mr. PARMENTER inquired of the gentlemen
the object of this resolution. Its answer would
make a voluminous document, and require much of
the time of the clerks of the department. He thought
that it should not be adopted for the accommodation
of an individual.
Mr. WENTWORTH said he introduced the
resolution at the request of one of his friends and
constituents, and a gentleman in all the relations of
life. But, at the same time, he had a letter in his
hands showing that the other party had "no objection
to furnishing the information.
As to the objection that the papers could be got
without this call, he would state that his object was
not so much to get the,papers themselves, as to get
them before the House officially. As a friend of the
gentleman he demanded this courtesy in his behalf;
and he hoped there would be no evasion of this
question by false issues. If wrong, the correspond-
ence ought to be made public. If right, he could
see no objection to its publicity.
As to the expense, that objection would be proper-
ly made when a motion was made to print, and,
until the papers were sent to the House, that mo-
tion could not be made.
Mr. PARMENTER still pressed his objections.
Mr. STRONG moved to lay the resolution on the
table; which motion prevailed.
A message was received from the Senate an-
nouncing the passage, by that body, of certain bills,
and asking concurrence therein.
MILITARY POSTS IN NEBRASKA AND ORE-
GON.
Mr. DOUGLASS asked and obtained leave to
introduce, pursuant to notice, a bill to establish mili-
tary posts in the Territories of Nebraska and Oregon;
which was read by its title.
Mr. ADAMS asked for the reading of the bill
entire; which was read as follows:
A BILL to establish military "posts in the Territories of Ne-
braska and Oregon.
Tie it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United State* of America in Congress assembled, That the
President be, and he is hereby, directed to cause to be es-
tablished such military posts in the Territories of Nebraska
and Oregon as shall be necessary to protect the commerce
of the "United States with New Mexico and California, and
the emigration and trade to Oregon, against Indian aggres-
sions and depredations.
Sec 2. Jhid be it further enacted, That the troops of the
United States shall be employed in performing the labor
herein required, whenever, in the opinion ot the President,
the same can be done with ajnst regard to their other du-
ties; and the other labor rendered necessary shall he pro-
cured in such manner as the President may direct.
Si.r 3. ./Jn/l be it fiuther enacted, That the sum of one
hundred thousand dollars shall be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated to be applied to the accomplishment of the ob-
jects specified in this act.
The bill having been read a second time, on mo-
tion of Mr. DOUGLASS, it was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
On motion of Mr. SIMONS, from the Committee
on Engraving, it was
Ordered, That any engravings or plates now" owned, or
hereafter ordered, by this House, shall, on application by
the Senate, be granted to them for the printing of maps,
charts, &c.
TEXAS AGAIN.
Mr. ROBINSON asked leave to introduce a bill
to provide for the annexation of Texas to the United
States.
Mr. McCONNELL and Mr. PAYNE (as the re-
porter understood) objected to the reception of the
bill.
Mr. DROMGOOLE hoped the bill would be re-
ceived, and to take the same course as other bills 011
this subject has taken—viz: to refer it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PKESTON KING moved a suspension of
the rules, for the purpose of receiving and referring
this bill.
The bill was read for information, as follows:
A B1I.L. to provide for the annexation of Texas to the Uni-
ted States.
Sfc.I. Jieit enacted t,ij the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Statics of America in Congress assem-
bledThat so much of Texas as may be embraced in an area
not exceeding that of the largest State m the Union, and as
shall be described in the constitution to be adopted a? herein-
after provided, shall, on the adoption of a constitution by
the people thereof asH state, in accordance with the consti-
tution ol' the United States and of the provisions of this4ct,
and on the transmission of such constitution to the Presi-
dent of the United State3, on or befoie the 4th day of July
next, be, and the same is heieby, upon the proclsrnation
thereof, admitted as one of the States ol this Union.
See 2. And be it Ju, ther enacted, That such constitution
shall contain a provision ceding to the United States the ju-
risdiction of the residue of the teiritory of Texas, 111 which
slavery shall not exist, unless Congress shall hereafter so
determine by law; and this act of admission shall not be con-
strued to imply any assumption of or intention on the part
of the United States to assume noworhereafterthe debts, or
any portion thereof, of Texas, or to impair the right of said
State to the soil of the territory so to be ceded, or the right
of the State of Texas to determine whether slavery shall of
shall not exist in said State.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, Until the next appor-
tionment of representatives among the States, the said State
of Texas shall be entitled to two senators and two repre-
sentatives in Congress.
Some conversation by several gentlemen took
place on a point of order, which resulted in an an-
nouncement by
The SPEAKER, that opportunity being given
for objections, he heard" of none being made until
the bill was received and before the House.
The bill accordingly having been read the first
time,
Mr. A. STEWART objected to its second, read-
id, or (what is equivalent) moved the rejection of the
bill.
Mr. G. DAVIS inquired whether it was in order
now, as it seemed they had so much difficulty in
annexing Texas to the Union, to move an amend-
ment to some of the'propositions before the House,
to annex the United States to Texas.
The SPEAKER replied that it would not be in
order.
The question being on the rejection of the bill,
Mr. PRESTON KING asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. ARRINGTON moved to lay the bill on the
table.  
In reply to an inquiry by Mr. DROMGOOLE,
The SPEAKER replied that, if the House refused
to reject the bill, it would then be in order, after its
second reading, to refer it to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PATERSON ,called for the "yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table; which were or-
dered.
The bill was again read at the request of Mr. J.
. KENNEDY.
Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS raised the point that it
was not now in order, the question of rejection be-
ing raised, to move to lay it on the table.
After some conversation on the subject,
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
Mr. ARRINGTON, to prevent confusion, with-
drew the motion to lay the bill on the table.
The question then recurring _on the rejection of
the bill,
Mr. HOUSTON asked if the question of rejection
was now presented to the House?
The SPEAKER said it was.
Mr. HOUSTON said he understood the question
of rejection to be debatable; and, as the vote he in-
tended to give might present him in a false position,
especially as it seemed he would be under the disa-
greeable necessity of differing with some if not all
of his colleagues, he hoped the House would in-
dulge him in a very few remarks, giving some of
the reasons which induced the vote he expected to
give. From the parliamentary law and rules of
this House, as exhibited in the response of the
Speaker to the question of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Dromgoole,] it was true that if this bill
should be received by the House, it would be open
to amendment or reference: and that its course would
be to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, where all of the propositions in regard to
Texas now are. He wished it to be distinctly un-
derstood, by friends and foes, that he disapproved
of the bill under consideration, in its entire length
and breadth. He condemned it in every material
feature and provision. As he understood them from
the reading of the clerk, the bill seemed to be
badly drawn, crude, and incongruous; it required
that the lands of Texas should be ceded to the United
States, and yet required Texas to pay her own debts.
Was it fair or_ honorable in us even to submit to
that republic such a proposition? Were gentlemen
disposed to require something for nothing? He did
not wish to be understood as urging the assump-
tion of the debts of Texas; but while he wished her
to pay her own debts, he, at the same time, was for
leaving her in possession of her lands with which
to do it. And equally, yes, more objectiona-
ble were the provisions of that bill on the subject of
slavery. Ho said he never would assent to such
provisions. Rather than vote for them, he would
abandon Texas itself. It would be idle to pass
such a bill. Texas herself would reject it. But it
was useless for him to point out the many objec-
tions which he held to the bill; that could be better
done in committee, where he wanted it to go. He
knew that no one in this House, or the country,
would consider a vote to receive and refer this hill,
