ii$
C6&GRESSI0NAL GtOftl!.
Now, in 1820, General Andrew Jackson declared
that whatever might be said on the floor of Con-
gress, from time to time, of the indispensable ne-
cessity of the possession of Texas for our military
defence, was entirely without foundation; and while
he (Mr- R-) denied, and his friend from Ohio [Mr.
Brinkerhoff] would deny, except in the heat of
debate, that General Jackson could be controlled or
commanded to write a certain opinion, yet the de-
liberate opinion of General Jackson in 1820 was
■worth any number of opinions of Andrew Jackson
in 1844. Therefore he should lay that argument
out of the question, as of no weight whatever in
this question.
But if gentlemen, in discussing this subject, in-
stead of looking to the wilds of Texas for an advan-
tageous position for an enemy to attack us, would
be good enough to come up north, and look along
the line of our north and east frontier, extending
near three thousand miles, for a large portion of
which the line was merely an imaginary one be-
tween our "possessions and those of Great Britain—
if they would go to Ciuebec, where was one of the
strongest fortifications in the world, the Gibraltar of
America—if they would go to Montreal and to
Kingston, there were fleets and munitions of war
far superior to any to be found in the United States
gathered together. They could reach the Uni-
ted States from this point (Kingston) at most in
four hours. Sackett's Harbor was accessible by
these fleets in three and a half or four hours, and
Oswego in four hours; and they had an open coun-
try, without a fortification worth looking at, until
they reached Philadelphia. Great Britain, then,
had already a position and point of attack secured
by all the fortifications dispersed by Great Britain
through her colony. But there was something be-
yond this. The fleet of Great Britain riding in the
Gulf of St. Lawrence might be brought up the. St.
Lawrence through a canal, with locks 260 feet long
and 300 feet wide, and into Lake Ontario, and fight
down anything we had there. By means of similar
internal improvements, they could reach Lake Erie,
and thence pass into the other lakes; and Ohio, Illi-
nois, Indiana, and Wisconsin, would all be open to
the fleets and armies of Great Britain; and yet gen-
tlemen were turning away from, entirely overlook-
ing these means of mighty power now in possession
of Great Britain, and looking to Texas as a means
of aggression.
[He rejected the argument that the acquisition of
Texas would open a field for the products of the
western farmer, believing it to be entitled to no
weight; for if what the friends of the measure said
of the fertility of her soil was true, Texas would be
an exporting State, and not a purchaser of the agri-
cultural products of others. Mr. R. then went on
to argue that Congress had not the constitutional
power to annex foreign territory, and said that Mr.
Jefferson, when Louisiana was acquired, had doubts
of that power, and recommended an amendment of
the constitution to obtain it. After an examination
of the treaty-making power, he entered into an ar-
gument from which he drew the conclusion that for-
eign territory can only be acquired under that
power.]
He next proceeded to recapitulate arguments
which had been adduced by several gentlemen on
this question, and to comment on them as he pro-
ceeded. He alluded more particularly to the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia, [understood to
be Mr. Bayly,] who derived the power to annex by
joint resolution from the power to declare war. As
one of the inevitable results of war, he admitted that
this government might acquire territory, and on the
cessation of hostilities, such territory might become
a portion of the United States. That was an inci-
dent of war, but he denied that we could, by such
power, annex the territory of a friendly power. He
thought the last argument that should be used for
the annexation of territory was that of a declaration
of war, and the power of war.
A message was here received from the President
by the hands of his private secretary.
Mr. RATHBUN then resumed. He said he
should not have time to pay his respects to all
the gentlemen to whose arguments he had allu-
ded,but he could not leave them without saying that,
to his mind, their arguments were not sound. They
were ingenious and skilful, but they lacked solidity.
But there was a gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Holmes] whom he could not leave without
one or two observations. That gentleman had said
that the southern man who would vote to divide
that territory was a knave or a fool. He (Mr. R.)
doubted the propriety of that remark, as well as its
wisdom. If it became necessary for the purpose of
securing harmony, where prejudices existed as
strongly on one side as the other—amongst brethren
of the same community—where there was an honest
deliberate division of opinion, he thought the gentle-
man from South Carolina was wrong in designating
the southern man who should vote for a conciliatory
course, either a knave or a fool. But there was an-
other remark at which he (Mr. R.) was surprised.
He said, the second magician of New York was
trembling on his throne. He (Mr. R.) sup-
posed the gentlemau from South Carolina alluded to
the governor of New York; if so, he would in-
form the gentleman that the governor of New York
occupied no throne, unless perhaps a throne in the
hearts of the people; and he could tell the gentleman
from South Carolina that the people of the State of
New York would support that governor. He did
not "tremble," as the gentleman had asserted. By a
life of integrity and purity, by great talents, and an
honesty which had never faltered, the gentleman
alluded to had acquired a power which no man ever
attained before; and appreciating his great merits,
the foundations of his throne in the hearts of the
people would not be shaken. But the gentleman
from South Carolina told them that a storm was
gathering that the governor of New York could not
withstand; but he (Mr. R.) would tell the gentleman
from South Carolina that there might be storms
from the North as well as the South, and let the
gentleman beware how he braved these storms.
The people at the North were a quiet, cool, thinking,
moderate people, but there were points and lengths
beyond which they could not be driven. A gentle-
man from Alabama had told them that this Texas
question had killed Van Buren; he (Mr. R.) hoped
and prayed to God that it might not kill our
country.
He then proceeded to notice other points which
had been raised, observing that the people of
New York were in favor of annexation, but it was
annexation with reasonable and fair division of the
beautiful and delicious country which was to be
annexed.
He next proceeded to quote a paragraph from the
Richmond Enquirer of the 18th January, which set
forth, that northern people who did not go for an-
nexation would have nething to expect from the new
administration. He could not believe that Mr. Polk
was the man he was there represented to be: he would
not require obedience in every opinion or expres-
sion of feeling, or any sectional predominance.
Having spoken some time on this question, he said
he understood it had been said that the people set-
tled this question in the late election; but how was
the truth? In New York there was a popular vote
of 10,000, an examination of which would not bear
out the opinion expressed. What, then, was New
York to do? Commit suicide on this floor? The
representatives from that State must be the judges
for themselves how far they should go, and how
far public opinion would sanction them. He wish-
ed to call the attention of the representatives from
New York to a fact. In that great question of the
(Missouri compromise, there were men found who
j voted for it, and afterwards returned to their consti-
tuents; and it was to their fate that he wished to call
■ the attention of his colleagues. It was true, a num-
ber of those men received offices from this govern-
ment; but when their officers expired, they expired
with them, and had been politically dead ever since.
He reminded gentlemen that they might go with
public opinion on a fair and honorable basis; but if
they went beyond, they would not be sanctioned
by their constituents; they would go home with the
mark of Cain upon them.
After a few other observations, he was brought to
a close by the expiration of the hour.
Mr. COBB next obtained the floor, and com-
menced with some observations on the importance
of the question, and the views which had been ex-
pressed upon it by preceding speakers. In Georgia,
he said, tiieie was no difference of opinion on this
subject.
He believed the same feeling pervaded the Union,
and therefore he proposed to consider the question
in reference to two points alone. First: if Congress
was satisfied that it was the will of the people that
this object should be consummated, and at this time;
and next, if 'hey had the constitutional power to
carry out the clearly-expressed will of the people.
Afier a few words in relation to the course of some
gentlemen on this floor, he approached the only
question of difficulty—the question of slavery as
connected with the annexation of Texas to this
Union. The gentleman from New York had re-
peated the observation of a gentleman from Ohio
about coming forward in a spirit of compromise, to
which he would say that they had no power to en-
force their tendered compromise. Ana to the gen-
tleman from Ohio he observed that his proposition
was destitute of every feature of liberality. Taking
it for granted that Congress had the power, and that
the people willed it, to admit Texas as a State into
the Union, he asked for the power by which they
could prevent the people of a sovereign State from
the exercise of those rights which, by the terms of
our constitution, were reserved to the States respect-
ively.
l5id the gentleman from New York propose by
legislation here to say that the people who might
inhabit a certain portion of the territory of Texas,
when they came into the Union, should be deprived
of those rights guarantied to the citizens of his own
State? He put it to the gentleman from New York
if his sense of honor did not revolt at this proposi-
tion. If New York to-morrow were to propose to
establish slavery within the limits of her territory,
had this government the power to control her action?
And would they admit States into the Union desti-
tute of those rights and privileges which now be-
longed to the existing States? They had not the
power to make such a restriction. The country
might acquiesce in it, as it had acquiesced in a com-
promise of the same character made heretofore; but
he denied the constitutional power of Congress to
make such a restriction.
Mr. C. alluded to the Rhode Island difficulties,
and to the report made thereon to this House by the
gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Bcrke,]
which, he said, however gentlemen might consider
the correctness or incorrectness of its doctrines, re-
flected great credit upon the research and ability of
the gentleman. He read one of the resolutions ac-
companying this report, which lays down the doc-
trine that a majority of the people have the right at
all times to change their existing forms of govern-
ment, and to substitute new forms in the place of
those abrogated. This report was also concuyred
in by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Rath-
bdn,] who had just taken his seat, and must, of
course, be conclusive authority with him. Now, to
apply this principle to the question they were con-
sidering: place this restriction on a portion of the
territory of Texas; she comes into the Union; her
constitution is adopted and submitted to the consid-
eration of Congress, under the power granted to
them in the constitution, to declare it a republican
form of government; but the constitution allowed
them to go no farther than to decide whether
it was a republican government. He cared not
whether the clause existed in the constitution guard-
ing or rejecting the institution of slavery. Let the
State come into the Union, and then he wanted to
know what there was to prevent her people stand-
ing on the same platform as the people of Rhode
Island, of New York, and of Georgia, from altering
their constitution at pleasure, provided they retained
a republican form of government. Would gentle-
men allege that the establishing the institution of
slavery would be destroying a republican form of
government? Then they must cast out of our
Union Georgia, and every State where slavery was
recognised. He denied, and it seemed to him that
it was apparent from these considerations, that Con-
gress had any constitutional power to make such a
restriction; if made, and if it took effect, i: could only
do so by the acquiescence of the people.
He would now come to another question, viz:
the lii'ciality of the compromise offered by northern
Rftntle.nen, and by the. gentlemen from New York.
If he could not demonstrate to every unprejudiced
mind that the proposition to divide this territory
equally, or in any other way was illiberal, he
had almost said he would pledge himself to vote
against this measure. Before proceeding to this,
however, he had one rtnurk to make with refer-
ence to the compromises of the constitution. They
were told by gentlemen who opposed the annexa-
tion of Texas, that they were willing to stand by
the comproiu ses of the constitution as they now
existed, but they were unwilling to extend them
any farther. He could undeistiiid this argument
from gent'emen who were opposed to the annexa-
tion of Texns under all circumstances; but he could
not understand u from those who, while they pro-
cessed lo insist on the existing compromises of the
constitution, were still willing to annex Texas
with a portion of her territory as slave territory.
