CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RITES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 23, 1845.
Volume 14. ...No. 12^
[Continued from No. 11.]
The difficulty of the existing compromises of the
constitution was gone the moment they stepped
one single inch beyond the existing territory of the
country, and it then became a question of expedien-
cy. Gentlemen seemed to ,speak as if this was the
only compromise of the constitution. Why, if he
read the constitution of the United States correctly,
the whole of it, the government itself, was a com-
promise; and why was it that the compromises
guarantying to one portion of the Union particular
rights and benefits should be enforced, and the oth-
er compromises rejected?
He stated, then, that the proposition to divide this
territory was illiberal. Before he proceeded to this
view of the subject, he premised that if there was
any compromise existing- ill the constitution in ref-
erence to slavery and its influence in this Union,
that compromise would guaranty to the slave States
the same sfectional importance that they posse33ed at
the time of the adoption of the constitution. Wets
not that true? We had now, as at the time of the
adoption of the constitution, a certain portion of
slaveholding, and a certain portion of non-slavehold-
ing territory. The preponderance in our govern-
ment was in favor of the non-slaveholding territo-
ry, and it always must be because the extent of it
was greater. Now we were about to admit Tex-
as, gentlemen stepped forward and said we must
divide her equally into slaveholding and non-slave-
holding tei ntory, in order to maintain the equilibri-
um of power.
Mr. C. proceeded to refer to the statistics of our
public lands, showing that about one hundred mil-
lion acres of unappropriated lands lay in the slave,
and about an equal number of acres in the non-
slavehokling States; that, in addition to this, there
was in Territories which were non-slaveholding,
and which, from their circumstances, must ever re-
main so, from eight to eleven millions of acres,
making the ratio between the noii-slaveholding
and the slaveholding unappropriated public lands
about ten to one. We were now to admit
Texas with about two hundred millions of acres,
which the South, in this state of the case, conceived
common fairness required to be added to that al-
ready possessed by them, and then it would be u
small comparative amount; and they were met with
the plea that, to preserve the balances of the consti-
tution, it must be divided, and a portion made non-
slaveholding territory. He apprehended that it
could not, under this view of the case, longer be.
maintained that this was an attempt on the part of
the South to deprive the North of the power they
now held in the administration of the government.
The power of this government, any gentleman, from
■ ensting his eye over the map of the country must
see, could never fail into the hands of the South,
as a majority controlling 011 this floor or in the
other branch of Congress. All that she would ever
be able to do was to be a check upon those
whose interests would lead them to trample on her
rights. This, then, that she now i\sked she was
entitled to; this the spirit of liberality itself would
yield her.
Ho laid it down as a proposition to which he
called the attention of this House that it was the
will of the people of these United States that this
measure should be consummated. He had no ar-
gument to offer in favor of that proposition; the
election of the President who had been chosen by
the people at the late election was proof positive on
this point. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. J. R. I.vgersoi.l] had said that the expres-
sion of the public opinion on this point was no-
thing more than a town-meeting hurrah, and he
was confident that this could not be the gentleman's
deliberate opinion, although it had escaped him in
the heat of debate. Were the efforts that had
been made oil the part of our government in 1825,
in 1857, and in 1832, to acquire Texas, a mere
town-meeting hurrah? The deep and pervading in-
terest now felt by friend and foe to this measure
throughout the countiy, when it had been lerived
by an administration without a party, proved that
it was not a mere town-meeting hurrah, but that it
was the merits of this question which attracted the
attention of the country to it.
Had Congress, then, the constitutional power to
acquire Texas? A word only in reference to this
point of the argument. Suppose the people of the
United States were satisfied beyond the contingency
of a doubt that the interest, the perpetuity, nay, the
very existence of the government depended on the
acquisition of Texas; would it be denied by any-
body that we had the right to acquire it? Suppose
further, that Texas refused to come into the Union;
how, then, would we acquire it? As the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] had properly remarked,
it Would be accomplished by virtue of the war-ma-
king power delegated to Congress. We declared war
to acquire territory; could we enforce our right to
territory by treaty? The national sovereignty of
Texas was merged; there was no power with which
we could treat: no treaty therefore could be effected.
If Texas should then yield to our arms, and man-
ifest a desire to come into our Union,-must we turn
our backs 011 her proposition, and deny that the
power to rccceive her existed in our government?
Well, if the power existed in that case, as clearly
every gentleman would admit it did exist, did it not
exist now?
Mr. C. referred to the only objection which had
been urged against the constitutional power of «d-
Witting a new State into the Union, which was that
growing out of the provisions of the constitution
prescribing the qualifications of senators and repre-
sentatives in Congress. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland urged the objection that the constitution re-
quires a previous residence of nine years for a sena-
tor and seven years for a representative, and conse-
quently Texas could not be admitted into the Union
as a State, because she could not. send senators and
representatives to Congress possessing the requisite
qualifications of residence. Mr. C. answered and
refuted this objection at length. The State, on be-
ing admitted into the Union, would be a part of the
United States, and all ber citizens would be citizens
of the United States. The citizens of Texas were
all citizens of the United States previous to their
emigration there, and the reannexation to the United
States would reinstate them 111 their citizenship. Be-
sides, Texas might think proper to send senators
and representatives who, at the time of annexation,
might be citizens of the United Sutes. After some
further remarks, Mr. C. concluded by saying that
he would not ask for the admission of Texas, if it
could not be done in strict conformity with the prin-
ciples of the constitution; but, believing it to be en-
tirely within the terms of that instrument, and pre-
eminently calculated to advance the interests of the
whole Union, he hoped the measure would be con-
summated.
Mr. POLLOCK next obtained the floor, and ob-
served that he sought and obtained the floor, not for
the purpose of making an argument to convince the
members of that House of the propriety or impro-
pnety of admitting Texas into the tlnion, but with
the sole view of defining his position on this subject,
fortheinformation ofhis constituents. Heiepresented
a district m which a majority of the voters were op-
posed to him in politics. A numberofthe democratic
party, however, had voted for him; and he might,
therefore, be called a democratic whig. This Texas
question had been ably and fully discussed in his
district during the late canvass; and he had frequent-
ly, as well as freely and openly, expressed his dis-
approbation of it. Having been elected after such
an expression of his opinions, it was fail-to presume
that the people ofhis district were not in favor of the
measure. He should, then, vote in accordance with
the expressed will of his constituents, in voting
against this measure. It had been said that in the
late political canvass the question ofthe acquisition
of Texas had been decided in favor of. He would
ask when, and where? For his part, he would be
perfectly willing to submit this question, if it could
be done, to the decision of the people.
He went on with some remarks, in which he said
he was for the Union, the whole Union; and he was
for Texas, whose lone star, he hoped, would grow
brighter and brighter. He admired the work of our
forefathers, and asked why we should now go in
search of foreign alliances? Would it add strength
or beauty to the Union? The annexation of Texas
forms a new era in the history of oar country. They
were told the people demanded it. But he asked
what reasons were assigned for it? Was it the ac-
quisition of territory? Already we had a vast terri-
tory, extending from the Atlantic to the Pacific—-
from the seas of the north to the Sabine on the
south. The wilds of the West alone would provide
a home for millions for ages yet to come. He said
emphatically, we needed no more territory.
It was said that it was to be done to extend the
"area of-freedom;" but that had been done, for, ou
theplains of San Jacinto, American arms had won the
freedom of Texas, and she had now free institutions.
The argument for the extension of the dominion of the
Anglo-Saxon race to the boundaries which gentle-,
men had said were naturally presented between usJ
and the Mexican race, would carry us to the re-
publics of South America, which implored our aid.
But he could see no moral obligation for our be-
coming the champions of freedom for the world.
It was urged again as necessary to counteract the
designs of England. That country, however, had
disavowed the designs attributed to her, and til©
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs had
told them that England would acquiesce in annexa-*
tion.
He had long doubted and distrusted England. Ana
what, he asked, did the acquiescencc of England
mean? It had been said that England de^n-ed
abolish slavery in Cuba; but it was possible that, af
the time the announcement of the annexation of
Texas to this Union was made here, the start-
ling announcement would be made at the other side
of the Atlantic, that Cuba was annexed to England,
And what would this government do.' Would it
protest? This annexation would become a two-
edged sword. He called upon the House to con-
consider well the precedent it was setting. He had
long distrusted England; her course was one of hy-
pocrisy, and not prompted by a love of liberty, and
he should not rely on any of her professions.
But to pass to other arguments. It had been said
that Texas must be annexed for the good of the
South. He looked upon itas a sectional, as a slave,
and also as a national question. With southern
slavery he would not interfere; if it were abolished, it
it must be by southern legislation. How, then, could
annexation benefit the South? Texas would be pro-
ductive of cotton, which would come in competition
with the staple of the South; and he understood that,
it was designed to hold a southern convention for
the purpose of diminishing the production of cotton,
I11 the South much of the soil was exhausted and
worn out, but Texas had a virgin soil. How, then,
could it benefit the cotton-growing States of the
South to bring it in competition with them? He
next alluded to the slave aspect of the question.
He next came to the argument that we were un-
der moral obligation, arising out of the treaty of
1S03, to admit Texas, now that they came and de-
manded it. He had not time, nor did he intend, to
discuss this, which was styled the reannexation ar-
gument. If Texas ever was a part of the United
States, facis had not been biought forward to show
it; nor could it, as it appeared to him, be proved.
It was true that we claimed Texas; but Spain wa*i
claiming it likewise, up to the Sabine—and not only
that, but further, she claimed Louisiana as a part of
Florida; and the question of boundary was never
settled. Spain claimed Texas by virtue of discov-
ery and occupation, and so did France in like man-
ner. He referred to the history of the discovery of
Texas, and the conflicting claims thereto of Spain and
of Fi aiice,and traced various facts connected therewith
to show that Texas had never been ours, and hence
to demonstrate the impertinency of the argument
so much relied on that we could not give away what
we had once possessed. In 1819 we abandoned ,
notour sovereign right to Texas, for we. never
claimed it—but we quit-claimed Texas, and thatfor
the consideration of receiving Florida. If, then, tnia
treaty was invalid as far as Texas was concerned,
it must be also with reference to Florida, and she
was not a part of our Union. But gentlemen seemed
anxious to override and pass over all our treaties,
and nullify our other acts, that they might gratify
their excessive desire to maintain -what tliey pro-
fessed to consider the obligations of the treaty of
1803. No; He saili iet the solemn treaty by which
