180
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the commissioners and their report for its guidance.
There was certainly no propriety in exempting this
claim from that very safe and proper course.
Mr. BAGBY offered an amendment, the object of
which was to save the rights of pre-emptioners on
the tract, whose pre-emptions may be subject of dis-
pute, or may remain yet undecided.
Mr. POSTER moved to lay the bill and amend-
ment on the table.
This motion prevailed without a division; and the
bill, with the amendment, was laid on the table.
On motion, it was agreed that, when the Senate
adjourn, it be to Monday next.
The Senate then went into executive session; and
after some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 23, 1845.
The journal having been read—
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose to make a short person-
al explanation. He found the following report of
yesterday's proceedings in the National Intelligen-
cer of this morning:
^ ''Mr. Stewart appealed to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Dromgoole,] after having impeached his motives
in the motion Mr. S. had made, not to preclude him from all
chance of reply. 11 the gentleman would withdraw his
calt for the previous question, Mr. S would pledge him-
self to renew it. He wished merely to offer a resolution.
"Mr. Dromgoole said that he would assent to the re-
quest, provided it was to be for no more than an explana-
tion. On that condition he withdrew"the call."
Mr. DROMGOOLE said that this report was in-
correct. He never gave his assent on any such
conditions. He withdrew the call for the previous
question on the pledge of the gentleman that he
would renew it.
ILLINOIS RAILROADS.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH, on leave, introduced a
bill granting to the State of Illinois certain alternate
sections of land to aid in the construction of the
Alton and Mount Carmel, and Alton and Shawnee
town railroad; which was twice read, referred to
the Committee oil Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. REDING submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Rtsolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the House a copy of the survey of Major J D.
Graham, made in 1835, and known as the report upon tile
Olivenan canal route.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the House if any, and what, officers of the
United States have been guilty oi embezzlement of public
money since the 19th ©f August, 1841, and further, whether
said officers have been criminally prosecuted for such em-
bezzlement, and, if not, to communicate the reasons why
tncy have not been so prosecuted.
Mr. G. JOHNSON moved that the House tesolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Messrs. JAMESON, BRINKERHOFF, PAR-
M ENTER, and VANCE, requested the gentleman
to waive his motion until they could submit certain
papers to the House.
Mr. HOPKINS objected to any other business
till the House decided whether it would go on with
the Texas debate. There were many gentlemen
who yet wished to speak on it.
The question was then put on Mr. Cave John-
son's motion, and resulted in ayes 92, noes 3.
No quorum voting, a second count was taken, and
the question was decided in the affirmative—ayes
118, noes 12.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
So the House resolved itself into a Committee of
the Whole, (Mr. Hopkins, of Virginia, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the joint
resolutions for the reannexation of Texas to the
Union.
Mr. HARALSON, who was entitled to the floor
from yesterday, observed that, having finally suc-
ceeded, after repeated unsuccessful efforts, in obtain-
ing the floo,, however unprepared he might be to
enter into the discussion, he would not pass the op-
portunity over, but proceed at once, to give his
views on this question, which had been so emphati-
cally termed the great question of the day. He
offered to the committee no apology; it would be
totally unnecessaay to do so; the question having
Ij«en one of such absorbing interest not only in this
fvibuntry, but in every country on earth, that no
ppology was necessary for discussing it. He had
felt, in common with all the people of the United
States, a deep issue which had been before the
country. He acknowledged that there had not
been an incident in the history of that gallant little
people which had not excited in his bosom the most
lively sensations. Ever since the people of Texas
declared their independence, in 1836, he had looked
with the most intense interest on everything con-
nected with their prospects of establishing their in-
dependence. He was not ready to admit, with the
gentleman from Ohio and the gentleman from New
York, that this question was not brought be-
fere the people during the last presidential elec-
tion. We were told (said Mr. Haralson) that
the public mind was not matured on it, and
that there had been no elections held since this
question was agitated that tested it; and that it
should go over to the coming administration, where
it properly belonged. In fine, that there had been
no expression of public opinion in relation to this
question. He differed with these gentlemen in
these views, and he begged leave, therefore, to give
his reasons for it. If this question had not been
decided by the American people in a manner not to
be mistaken, he asked what kind of issue had ever
been decided by them. Was this issue not put at the
Baltimore convention? Gentlemen seemed to have
forgotten what has taken place in the last twelve
months. He confessed the question was not a mat-
ter of issue, so far as his political opponents were
concerned, for they were divided ore it. The ques-
tion was stronger than democracy itself, for there
were thousands in the country who were prepared
to go for Texas, but were prevented from doing so
by the course of Mr. Clay himsslf.
He asked gentlemen to recur to the state of feel-
ing prevailing here last spring, before the publica-
tion of Mr. Clay's Raleigh letter. Was there a
man then who dared to avow himself hostile to the
annexation of Texas, save the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Gidmngs,] and a few others, who made a
proclamation to the world threatening a dissolution
of the Union if the annexation took place. He
asked gentlemen to recall the history of that day,
and say if there were not very few even of the whig
party who dared avow themselves in opposition to
that measure, till the Raleigh letter was published.
Mr. J. R. 1NGERSOLL rose, and said that he
did not know whether the gentleman alluded to him;
but he would assure h im -that, fiom the first mo-
ment the annexation of Texas was spoken of, he
had opposed it, and should continue to oppose it as
long as he lived.
Mr. HARALSON said, no doubt the gentleman
was sincere in the declaration he had made, and he
might be one of the exceptions to the general rule
he had laid down.
He spoke of the public demonstrations which had
been made in this country, and of the great masses
which were in favor of this measure, and especially
in the southern country. He weuld not accuse
those of the whig party who opposed it of adher-
ing pertinaciously, of pinning their faith to the sleeve
of the great whig candidate; but he believed they
were willing to let the question go over for the pres-
ent, though many of them were more anxious for
annexation than the democratic party. He spoke
this with regret; and he knew that there were many
in the southern country who contended that the
election of Mr. Clay would more readily secure the
annexation of Texas than the election of Mr. PolK.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania spoke of his op-
position to the measure; but he spoke of public
demonstrations made throughout the whole coun-
try. There were no public demonstrations against
the measure; and there was great feeling and anx-
iety shown to know what were the sentiments of
Mr. Clay and of Mr. Van Buren on the subject, to-
gether with those of other gentlemen who were can-
didates for the presidency.
But he would proceeed to show to the House
that this question was put in issue to the country
in the last presidential election, and decided by it.
Might he be permitted to read what was put in is-
sue at the Baltimore convention? lie would read
one of the resolutions of that convention, and let
gentlemen decide for themselves. (Mr. H. here read
one of the resolutions of the Baltimore convention,
declaring our perfect title to the Oregon Territory;
and that it ought not to be relinquished to any
power on earth; also declaring that Texas ought to
be reannexed to the Union at the earliest possible
period; and that it was a great American measure,
which the, convention recommended to the cordial
support of the American people.) This question
was placed in issue so far as the democratic party
was concerned. It was not the issue between the
two parties, because there were men of the whig
party, who were as warmly attached to this mea-
sure as any of their opponents; and were willing to
carry it out in accordance with the expressed will
of the people. But from whom did this resolution
of the Baltimore convention come? From a gentle-
man standing high in the ranks of the democracy
of New York, and who possessed the respect and
esteem generally of the people of the whole Union.
But the gentleman from Ohio said this question was
not at issue in the last presidential election; and that
Mr. Polk was supported without reference to it.
He made some observations in relation to the
Texas question being an issue in Ohio, and of the
resolutions adopted at the convention of the State of
New York sanctioning the resolutions of the Balti-
more convention.
Mr. McDOWELL assured the gentleman from
Georgia that Texas annexation was an issue in the
late election in Ohio.
Mr. HARALSON resumed. He said he was
very happy to hear the answer. He then proceeded
to read the reselutions of the Syracuse convention
above alluded to, and he commendcd them to the
particular attention of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Rathbun.]
Mr. RATHBUN made some explanation, which
was not distinctly heard.
Mr. HARALSON commented on the words
"rightly understood," which it was understood were
in the resolutions of the New York convention. In
the State of Georgia, words- were taken in their
ordinary signification, and he did not believe the
convention at Syracuse intended to leavp„adoor
through which gentlemen should escape. Cj3e was
well satisfied that the annexation of Texas was
made an issue by the Baltimore convention, and the
conventions of the States had responded to the na-
tional convention, and the late election had decided
it. The President elect, too, had plainly declared
himself in favor of immediate annexation. But
notwithstanding all these things they were told that
they must wait a little longer—that the public mind
was not yet matured; and that they must leave this
subject to the next administration—that is, they
must wait until far-seeing England shall come and
appropriate that country to herself by most advan-
tageous treaties, and until Texas herself, beaten
down by her frequent rejection, and spurned by the
American Congress will herself refuse to come in
at a subsequent period, and she will be lost to us
forever^
But prejudice had been attempted to be excited
against the question of annexation, because of the
pertinacity with which it had been pressed. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Brinkerhoff] had said
they demanded immediate annexation of Texas, but
they were satisfied that the executive should contin-
ue to treat and negotiate for Oregon. Now, he
would reply that there had been no attempt to inter-
fere, on the part of Congress, to obstruct the nego-
tiations of the executive; and this attempt of the
gentleman from Ohio to create prejudice on this sub-
ject, he was satisfied, wouid fail of its object. What
might be the result of the negotiations in relation to
Oregon he knew not; but, for himself,'it would be
his pride to extend the laws of this counjry over
every foot of the Oregon Territory. He was pre-
pared to go to the utmost bounds of the present
limits of the United States. Indeed, he was of
opinion that the whole American continent belonged
to liberty, and he hoped the time would come when
no tyrant's foot would pollute this hnd. But the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Rathbcn] had told
them that he was prepared to go for annexation,
provided it could be put on equitable terms: but
when those terms came to be understood, it appear-
ed that one State was to be formed, and the whole of
the balance of, perhaps, four States were to be non-
slaveholding States. It was surely a most liberal
proposition, for which his (Mr. H.'s) constituents
were under infinite obligations to that gentleman.
Mr. RATHBUN explained.
Mr. HARALSON. Yes, the gentleman would
leave it to the future Congress. But what right had
the House to dictate terms to any State on coming
into this Union, except that it shall adopt a republi-
can form of government? If Ohio should resolve
to introduce slavery, what light would this govern-
ment have to interfere? He then proceeded to no-
tice the speeches of gentlemen who professed to be
in favor of annexation, but who started all sorts of
