CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
mony. The people are alive to their sympathies,
and their judgment follows the honest convictions of
right.
As regards the claim of Mexico to the territory of
the republic of Texas, and the consequent right of
consultation as to the terms of reannexation, I
wholly deny that Mexico has any well-founded
claim, as recognised by the law of nations. That
claim she long since preferred on the field of battle,
and the story of the disas rous result in her annals
was not more fatal to her interests, than glorious to
the first beams of the lone star of the nascent re-
public -of the South. She drew the sword
to decide her rights; she was met most man-
fully with hearts of steel and arms of
strength; she met the Anglo-Saxon sons of
a new world, that had waged war under adverse
circumstances with the most formidable power of
Europe, in the cause of human liberty—not intru-
ders, indeed, upon her soil, but men who were in-
vited by her policy to make Texas one of the united
Mexican States, and who looked to the hb'eral pro-
tection of her laws. They were deceived. The mo-
ment she asserted her despotic authority, that mo-
ment she was met at the threshold with resistance.
The fight of freedom was committed to noble hands;
and that fight was nobly wan. Has Mexico prose-
cuted her claim with a further appeal to arms? All
that she has attempted has been a trifling border
warfare, discreditable to herself, and calculated to
excite the contempt df her enemy, and all nations.
In regard to the title to the soil, it appears that
the section of country known as Texas was discov-
ered and settled in 1685 by La Salle, under the au-
spices of the King of Prance; was ceded in the year
1762 by France to Spain; in 1800 was retroceded
by Spam to Prance; in 1803 was ceded by France
to the United States; and in 1819 it was ceded
by the United States to Spain. Four months
after the treaty of 1819, the Texians, in grand
council assembled, solemnly protested against the
act by which they were sought to be transferred to
the Spanish crown, as is here shown by an extract
from tlie proceedings of the meeting:
"The recent treaty between Spain and the United States
of America lias dissipated an illusion too long fondly eher-
ished, and has roused the citivens of Texas from the torpor
into which a fancied security had Hilled them. They have
seen themselves, by a convention to which they were no
partv, abandoned to the dominion of the ciown of Spain,
and It-it a prey not only to impositions already intolerable,
but to alt those exactions whidi Spanish rapacity is capable
of devising The citi7ens of Tesas would have proved
themselves unworthy of the ap;e in which they live—un-
worthy of their ancestry ol the kindred republics of the
American continemt—could they have hesitated, in this
emergency, as to w'lmt course to pursue. Spurning the fet-
ters of colonial vassalage—disdaining to submit to the most
atiocious despotism that e\er disgraced the annals of Ku-
rope—they have resolved, under the blessing of God, to be
free."
By the treaty of Cordova, in 1821, (but which
she subsequently disavowed,) Spain acknowledged
the independence of Mexico; and it was not till
183(i that she consummated that recognition. In
1824, a confederation of the several Mexican States
was formed under a constitution modelled after that
of the United States, and the Territory of Texas
became a member of that confederation. It there-
fore follows that so long as the government thus
formed adhered, in good faith, to the principles upon
which it was based, all of its members (Texas in-
clusive) were bound to sustain its acts, and yield
obedience to its laws. Did Texas do so? Even her
enemies will not controvert the point with her.
Let us examine, then, the true causcs of separa-
tion. From 1810 to the present moment, Mexico
has been alternately convulsed by rebellions, insur-
rections, and civil wars.
A corrupt priesthood, with an affiliated moneyed
aristocracy, have waged unceasing war upon the
liberties of the people. Hidalgo, (who was himself
a priest,) Iturbide, Bustamente, Santa Anna, and
Paredes, have each, in turn, placed themselves at
the head of a mercenary soldiery to overthrow the
existing government. Generals, presidents, and
priests have alternately been invested with the im-
perial purple, have wielded the despotic sceptre, and
have changed places with a rapidity scarcely equal-
led by the ''nock dignitaries of the chess-board."
Mexico ha.-' been literally a land of "wars and ru-
mors of wMivi," whilst lapinc, plunder, and the
spoils of conquest seem to be the only sentiment
that animates the bosom of her people, and the only
incentive that can summon them to the battle field.
They are most emphatically a sordid and treacher-
ous people, and are at all times, upon a moment's
warning,
"Ripe for revolt and graedy for reward."
One of these convulsions and insurrections termi-
nated in the overthrow of the federal government, to
which Texas had given her consent and had become
a party.
Santa Anna, who was the victorious leader of
a successful soldiery, expelled the Mexican Con-
gress at the point of the bayonet, and established in
in 1834, upon the ruins of the republican govern-
ment of Mexico, a great central military despotism,
to which Texas ^refused her assent, and protested
against the act as one of lawless usurpation; where-
upon her people established a republican govern-
ment which has ever since been upon the tide of
successful experiment.
The difference between the United States and
Texas in establishing their respective governments,
may be comprised in a nut-shell; and it is this:
Our States were once colonies of Great Britain; in
consequence of the oppressive laws of her Parlia-
ment we revolted and achieved our independence.
Texas was one of the members of the confederation
forming the republic of Mexico. That government
was subverted by military force; not by the revolt
of the citizens of Texas, nor by any act of theirs,
proximate or remote, but by the blood-thirsty in-
surgent Santa Anna, who sought by military force
to extend his authority over Texas. Was she bound,
either legally or morally, to submit? Had the eon-
sent of the governed ever been obtained to the es-
tablishment of this new military despotism? These
are questions of such easy solution that they need
not be illustrated by argument.
This new-fledged government of Santa Anna
could not rightfully be extended over Texas any
more than it could over Canada; and the only way
in which it could be riveted upon the people of
either country was by the exercise of brute force.
Such was the course adopted by Santa Anna;
and his disastrous defeat and capture on the plains
of Sail Jacinto attest how far his efl'orts were attend-
ed with success. That battle was to Texas what
the battle of Yorktown was to the United States—
"the crowning glory of the whole war,"—the wreath
of victory, dedicated by the sword in each country
to liberty and independence.
Santa Anna and his principal generals in com-
mand very soon after acknowledged the independ-
ence of Texas, which was succeeded by a similar
recognition on the part of the most powerful nations
of the earth.
All remember that, in that conflict, Santa Anna
and his troops were made prisoners of war: they
were treated with humanity, were discharged un-
harmed, and their property restored -to them, and
they were permitted to return home with their bag-
gage and munitions of war. Santa Anna himself
was brought into the United States, to shield him
from the merited vengeance of the injured and out-
raged Texians. He visited the capital and other
principal cities of this nation, and returned to Mex-
ico in safety.
Contrast, in this particular, the conduct of the
Texians with that of the Mexicans on similar occa-
sions. Who can ever forget the deeds of blood and
cruelty perpetrated by Mexico upon her prisoners
of war, and the brave men who were overpowered
by numbers?
Need 1 remind this House of the ruthless butch-
ery at Goliad and at the Alamo? Is not the Mexi-
can escutcheon crimsoned and blotched with the
blood of innocent men, deliberately shot down, in
violation of the law of nations, of humanity, and
the most solemn treaty stipulations? Does not the
blood of Crockett and his companions in arms "cry
to us from the ground" for revenge?
The ferocious and untutored Indian, when the bat-
tle is ended, feels some emotions of human sympa-
thy for his victim; but the barbarous and cruel
Mexican, destitute of noble impulses, has ail eye
that melts not, and a heart that yearns not, at human
suffering and misery. In the war of extermination
against Texas, the father and son, mother and
daughter, decrepid age and vigorous manhood,
smiling infancy and rosy youth, sunk alike into one
common grave, and "the deep reversion of delayed
revenge" will one day be visited upon them for their
atrocious deeds. Viewed in any light, Mexico can-
not, I apprehend, maintain a shadow of claim to
Texas. Her independence rests upon the same
basis as our own, fortified by the additional argu-
ment that she did not rebel against a subsisting
government that had jurisdiction over her, as we
d«L.
(Tlie boundary of Texas has been ably debated
by some who have preceded me, and, .as it will in
aH probability be left to future negotiation to settle,
I need only remark that France, Spain, the United
States, and Texas, have always claimed that the
boundary was as far west as the Rio del Norte; and
they are sustained in this view by the Spanish
geographers themselves> .
Haying shown, as T think, that Mexico has no
claim to the territory of Texas, and no right to ex-
pect that she shall be consulted in the matter, I next
proceed to inquire if the United States may right- .
fully acquire foreign territory, arid admit it as a
State or States into this Union.
We have two precedents for the acquisition and
admission of foreign territory; one in the case of the
treaty of 1803, by which Louisiana (Texas included)
was obtained, and subsequently new States were
were formed out of part of that territory; and the
treaty of 1819, by which the Floridas were acquired,
and are now knocking at the door for admission into
the Union. But apart from precedent, the power is
conferred by express grantin the constitution of the
United States, and the limitations upon this grant of
power no not inhibit its exercise in the present in-
StftlMJCi
The articles of confederation contain the following
provision for the admission of Canada and other
foreign territory:
"Art. 11. Canada acceding to this confederation, and
joining in the measures of the United States, shall be ad-
mitted into, and entitled to all the advantages of this uniort,
but no other colon} shall be admitted into the i>ame, miles*
such admission be agreed to by nine States."
When the convention assembled to remodel the
articles of confederation, and to supersede them !"y
a constitution, the question was fairly at issue
whether the power to admit States out of foreign
territory should, or should not, be restricted. Short-
ly after the meeting of the convention, Edmund
Randolph, of Virginia, presented a draft of a consti-
tution containing the following provision on this
subject:
"10 Resolved, That provision ought to be made for the
admission of States lawfully arising within the limits of the
Unitea States, whether from a voluntary junction of gov-
ernment or territory, or otherwise, with the consent of a
number of voices m the national legislature less than the
whole"—Ath col Elliotts Debates, p. 42.
The draft next presented was tjiat of Mr. Charles
Pinckney, of South Carolina, embodying on that
subject this proposition:
"Art 14. The legislature shall have yowei to admit new"
States into the Union on the same terms with the originial
States, provided two-thirds of the members present in both
houses agree/'—4//i vol. Elliott's Debates, p. 48.
A third draft of a constitution was submitted by
Mr. Patterson, of New Jersey, embodying this
proposition:
"8. Resolved, That provision ought to be made for the ad-
mission of new States into the Union."—4M vol. Elliott's
Debates, p. ?2.
On the 23d and 26th days of July, 1787, the sev-
eral propositions or drafts of a constitution of
Messrs. Randolph, Pinckney, and Patterson, were
referred to a committee of detail, (consisting of
Messrs. Rutledge, Randolph, GoiJiam, Ellsworth,
and Wilson,) for the purpose of reporting a consti-
tution. Tins committee of five, on the 6th day of
August, 1787, reported a plan of a constitution, with
this prowsion:
"Akt. 17. New States, lawfully constitute;!, or estab-
lished within tho limits of the "United States, may be ad-
mitted by the legislature into this^overnment; but to such
admission the consent of two-thirds of the members present
in each House slid.ll be necssaiy. If a new State shall arise
within the limits of any of the present States, the consent
of the legislatures of such States shall also be necessary to
Its admission. 11 the admission be consented to, the new-
Status shall bo admitted on the same terms with the oxiginal
States But the legislature may make conditions with the
new States concerning the public debt which t>hall be then
subsisting.'*—Elliott's Debates, 4th vol., p. 123. ,
After maturely considering the several plans pre-
sented, as well those permitting the admission of
new States to be formed out of foreign territory as
those prohibiting it, Congress adopted the following
article:
'•Art. 4, skc 3 New States may be admitted by the
Confess into this Union; but no new State shail be formed
or erected withui the jurisdiction of any other State; nor
any Stay be fenmed by the.junction of two or more States,
or parts of States, without the consent of the Itgislatures
ot the States concerned, as well as of the Congress."—See
4th vol Elliott's Debates, pages 163-4, us to the action oj the
convention on this feature in the constitution.
The phraseology of this section is clear and com-
prehensive. It makes no distinction as to the ad-
mission of States between territory within or with-
out the United States. The language employed,
