CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1§§
the bill to reduce the rates of postage and to prevent
frauds on the Post Office Department, reported the
same with amendments; and it was committed to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. BAYLY, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, by consent of the House, made a report on
the claim of Alexander H. Everett, accompanied by
a bill; ^ which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee of the. Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. McDowell, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the resolution of
the Senate for the relief of Bent, St. Vrain & Co.,
reported the same without amendment; and it was
committed to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. McDowell, from the same committee, re-
ported a joint resolution for the relief of John Stock-
ton; which was read twice, and committed to the
Committee of the Whole House.
SENATE BILLS.
The following bills from the Senate were read a
first and second time, and referred to appropriate
committees:
An act for the continuation of the Cumberland
road in the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.
Mr. J. A. WRIGHT moved to commit the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and gave notice that, as soon as the debate
was through on the annexation of Texas, (and he
did hope that gentlemen would quit talking and go
to voting on this as well as every other question be-
fore this House,) he would move to take up this
bill; and that he should, from day tn day, when he
could get the opportunity, make similar efforts to
get up this bill, until it was acted upon; and he
trusted that gentlemen would see the propriety of
acting on this bill. The bill was committed, and
made the order of the day for to-morrow.
An act for the relief of William Elliott, jr., of
Fulton county, Illinois.
An act confirming and assenting to'an act of the
legislature of Virginia, entitled "An act further to
amend the act incorporating the Chesapeake and
Ohio Canal company.'''
An act for the relief of Miles King and his as-
signs.
An act to refund an ascertained balance due Mas-
sachusetts.
An act for the relief of Asa Andrews.
An act to organize a new land district in the south-
ern part of the State of Arkansas.
An act renewing certain naval pensions for the
term of five years.
An act to regulate the appointments and pro-
motions? of officers in the United States revenue
service.
An act for the relief of the heirs of William
Fisher.
An act for the relief Joshua Shaw.
An act making compensation to pension agents.
An act for the relief of William C. Easton.
An act for the relief of Thomas Smith.
An act for the relief of Mary A. E. Zantzinger,
widow of Major Richard A. Zantzinger, deceased.
An act for the relief of Asahel Brainard.
An act to i epeal uAn tfet for the better organiza-
tion of the district court of the United States
within the State of Louisiana," and for other pur-
poses.
An act to correct a clerical error in the act suple-
mentary to an act to regulate arrests on mesne pro-
cess in the District of Columbia, and to amend the
title thereof, was returned with an amendment,
which was concurred m.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing executive communications, which were ap-
propriately referred:
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting,
in answer to the resolution of the House of the 2(>th
ultimo, a report of the survey of the harbor at the
town of Dubuque, in the Territory of Iowa.
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting a copy of a report m answer to a resolution
of the House of the 23d December last, as to the
quantity of ammunition of various kinds annually
«aed in the naval service; also what quantity of the
different kinds is deemed expedient or necessary to
keep on hand, <fcc.
A letter from the 'Secretary of War, transmitting
£he annual report of the Commissioner of Pensions,
containing lisfs of applicants for pensions, or in-
crease of pensions, prepared in obedience to a joint
resolution of Congress of May 29,1830.
A letter from the Secretary of State, transmitting,
in obedience to the acts 20th April, 1818, and the
26th August, 1842, a lint of persons employed as
clerks in that department, and in the Patent Office,
during the year 1844, with the compensation of
each.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting, in obedience to the 27th section of the act
of the 30th , 1842, tabular statements exhibit-
ing the articles of merchandise imported during the
year ending30th June, 3844, the duty on which ex-
ceeded 35 per cent, on the average wholesale market
value of said articles.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting a report in compliance with a resolution" of
the House of the 26th December last, upon the sub-
ject of the proposed purchase of shares of stock,
owned by individuals in the Louisville and Portland
canal company.
A letter from the Secretary of State, transmitting,
in obedience to the act of 2d March, 1819, a state-
ment showing the number of passengers who have
arrived in the port of New Orleans, during the 1st
quarter of the last year.
A letter from the Secretary of State, in answer to
a resolution of the House of the 4th instant, request-
ing information as to the number of volumes of the
manuscript papers of the confederation and of Wash-
ington, to which indices are being completed, and
the probable additional expense.
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitttinga report from the Commissioner of Pensions,
of persons who have applied for navy pensions du-
ring the past year, and whose claims have been
settled.
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting,
in obedienee to a resolution of the House of the Hih
instant, (requiring ths Secretary of War to tiansmit
to the House the papers in his office on the subject
of the claim of Catharine Stevens, of Knox county,
Ohio, for a pension,) a report of the Commissioner
of Pensions, containing all the papers required.
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting, in obedience to the acts of Congress of April
21, 1808, and March 3, 1843, statements of all the
bureaus of that department, except that ofMedieine
and Surgery, of contracts entered into, and offers
made during the year 1844.
A communication from Wm. J. Stone, in relation
to furnishing copies of the map of Texas for the use
of the House of Representatives.
CHINESE TREATY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the President, as follows, ac-
companied with an abstract of the treaty lately
formed with the Chinese Empire:
"VTwuxf: i ov, January *22, 18 i5.
To the Ilottsp of UeprewntMivf*::
I communicate heiew ith an abstract of the treat 5 between
the United State? of America and the Chinese Empire, con-
cluded at Wang Hiya on the 3d of July la-4, and ratified by
the Senate on the 10th insUnt. and ^ hic.h. having oUo boon
ratified by tin- Fmperor ol China, now awaits only the ex-
change ot ratifications m China, from which it will be «e< n
that the special mission authon/ed by Congress lor this
puipo^e has. hilly succeeded ui the accomplishment, so f<>r,
of tin* gioat objects for which it was appointed, and m plac-
ing our jelat'ons with China on a new loo'ing, emmenth
favorable to the commerce and othei jnteiests of the United
States.
In view of the magnitude and importance of our national
concerns, actual and prospective, in Chirm, i submit to the
consideiatiun of Congress the expediency of providing for
the preservation and cultivation of the subsisting relations
ot amity between the United States and the Chinese govern-
ment, either by means of a permanent minister, or commis-
sioner with diplomatic functions, as m the case of certain oi
the Mahometan States. It appears, by one of the extracts
annexed, that the estalishment oi the British government
xn China consists both of a plenipotentiary and also of paid
consuls'for all the five ports, one of whom h-?s the title and
exercises the functions of consul genial; arid France has
also a salmed consul general, and the interests ol the
United States seems, in like mannei, to call for soup repre-
sentative in China of a higher class than an ordinary com-
mercial consulate.
I also submit to the consideration of Confess the expe-
diency of making some special provision bylaw for the
security of the independent and honorable position w hieh
the treaty of Wang Hiya confers on citizens of the United
States lesidmg or doing*business in China. By the twentj-
llrst and twenty-fifth articles of the treaty, (copies of which
are subjoined in estenso,) citi/.ens of the United States in
China are wholly exempted, as well in criminal as in civil
matters, from the local jurisdiction of the Chinese govern-
ment, and made amenable to the laws, and subject to the
jurisdiction of the appropriate authorities ot the United
r-tates alone. Some action on the part of Congress seems
desirable, m order to give full effect to these impoitant con-
cessions of the Chinese government.
JOHN TYLER.
Mstract of the treaty.
The annexed is an abstract of the treaty, which, with
other documents, accompanied the above message:
The preamble seU forth that the United States of Amer
ica and the Ta Tsing Empire, desiring to establish firm,
lasting, and sinceie friendship between the two nations,
have resvlved to fix, in a manner clear and positive, by
means of a treaty or general convention ol peace, amity,
and commerce, the rules which shall in future be mutually
observed in the intercourse of their respective countries,.
For which desirable object, the President of the United
States has conferred full powers on their commissioner,
Caleb Cashing, envov extraordinary and minister pieni-*
potentiary of the United States to China, and the August
Sovereign of the Ta Tsmg Empire on his minister and com-
missioner extraordinary, Tsiyeng, of the Imperial House, a
vice guardian of the Heir Apparent, governor general of
the Two Kwangs, and superintendent general of the Trade
and Foreign Intercourse of the Five Ports.
Art. i Provides that there shall be a perfect and univer-
sal peace and a sincere and cordial amity between the
United States of America and the Ta Tsmg Empire.
Art '2 Provides that citizens of the United States resort-
ing to China for the purposes of commerce will pay thegdu-
ties of import and export presenbed in the tariff' annexed to
the treaty, and no other duties or charges whatever; and
that the United States shall participate in any future con-
cession granted to other nations by China.
Art. 3. Provides fqr the admission of citizens of the United
States at the five ports of Kv.*ang-chow, Hiya-men, Fa-chow,
Ning-po. and Shang-hai.
Art. 4. Provides lor citizens oftheTTnited States to im-
poit and sell, or buy and export, all manner of merchandise
at the Five Ports.
Art \j Limits the tonnage duty on American ships to 5
mace per ton, if over 1:0 tons registered burden, and 1 mace
per ton if of 130 tons or less. Also, provides that such ves-
sel havmg paid tonnage at one of the Five Ports, shall not
be subject to pay a second tonnage duty at any other of
the said Five Ports.
Art. 7 Boats for the conveyance of passengers, Stc., ex-
empts, &:c . from the payment of tonnage duty.
Art. s Proudesfor authorizing citizens of the United
States n\ t hina to employ pilots, servants, linguists, labor-
ers, seamen, and packeis for whatever necessary service.
Art i>. Provides for the employment and duties of cus-
tom-house guards for merchant vessels of the United States
in China
Art. 10. Provides that securities of vessels shall deposite
their ships' papers with the consul, and make a report, &c.,
\s ithin forty-eight hours after their arrival in port; forbids
the discharge of goods without a permit; and authorizes the
vessel to discharge the whole or a part only of the cargo, at
discretion, or to depart \\ ithout breaking bulk.
Art. 11. Presciibes the mode of examining goods in order
to the estimation of the duty chargeable thereon.
Art. 1-2. Provides for regularity and uniformity of weights
and measures at the Five Ports.
Art. 13. Provides for the time and mode of paying duties;
tonnage duties being payable on the admittance of the ves-
sel to entry ;and
Art 11. Forbids the transhipment of goods from vessel to
vessel in port, without a permit for the'same.
Art. l.j Abohshes the hong and other monopolies and re-
striction^ on tiade in China
Art ir> Provides for the. collection of deb^s due from
Chinese to Americans, or from Americans to Chinese,
through the tribunals of the respective countries.
Ait. 17. Provides for the residence oi citizens of the Uni-
ted States; the construction by them of dwellings, store-
houses, churches, cemeteries, and hospitals, and regulates
the limits of residence,  and trade permitted to citi-
zens oi the United States at the Five Ports and the ap-
portamg thereto.
Art. IS Empowers citizens of the United States freely to
employ teachers and other literary assistants, and to pur-
chase books in China.
Art. 19. Provides for the means of assuring the personal
security of citr/ens of the United States in China.
Art -20. Provides that citi7ons of the United States, having*
paid duties on goods at either of the said ports, may at pleas-
ure export the same to any other of the Hve Toils without
pjj iug dut) on the same a second time.
Art *21 Piovides that subjects of China and citizens of
the I.mted States m China, charged with crimes, shall be
subject only to the exclusive jurisdiction, each, of the laws
and officers of their respective governments.
Art. 23 Provides that the merchant vessels may freely
earn between the five Ports and anv country with which
China may happen to be at war.
Art 23 Provides for reports to be ma<?e by the consuls of the
United States of the commerce of their country in China,
_ Art 24 Provides lor the mode in which complaints or pe-
titions maj be made by citi7ens of the United States to the
Chinese government, and by subjects of China to the offi-
cers of the United States, and controversies between them
adj usted.
Art. 20. Provides that all questions in regard to rights
whether of person or of property, arising between citizens
of the I mted States in China, shall be subject to the juris-
diction and regulated by the authorities of their own gov-
ernment.
Art 26. Provides for the police and security of merchant
vessels of the i'mtee States m the waters of Chma, and the
pursuit of and punishment of piracies on the same by sub-
jects of t hina. -
Art *2i. Provides for the safety and protection of vessels
or cituens of the United States wrecked on the coast or
dm en by <tress of weather or otherwise into anv of the
ports of China.
Art. '28 Trovides that citizens of the United States their
vessels -md property, shall not be subject to any ernbatgo
detention, or other molestation in China
Art. 29. Provided for the apprehension in China of muti-
neers or deserters from the vessels of the United States; the
delivering up of Chinese criminals taking refuge in the
houses or vessels of the Americans; and the mutual preven-
tion of act of disorder and violence- and that the merchant*
seamen, and other citizens of the United States in China'
