186
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the appropriate offi-
cers of their own government
es and style of correspondence
Se'rSSJf8"1 ^ individuals respectively of
fr^fVv.11^ ^rov*des for the transmission of communications
Court £0Vernmeat °£ the United States to the Imperial
o^L3?«Provid?s 4,llat shiPs of war of the United States,
and,the officers: of the same, shall be hospitably received
and entertained at each of the Five Ports. \
Art. 33. Provides that citizens of the United States,
_ _ J in contraband trade or trading clandestinely with
*sucn oi the ports of China as are not open to foreign com-
mcrce, shall not be countenanced or protected bv thtir gov-
ernment. '
Art. 34. Provides that the treaty shall be in force for
twelve years, or longer, at the option of the two govern*
ments; and that tlio ratifications shall be exchanged within
eighteen months from the date of the signatures thereof.
1 he treaty purports to be signed and sealed by the res-
pective plenipotentiaries at Wan* Heya the 3d of July,
1844, and is signed,
C. CUSHING. TSfYF.NG (m Mamhit.)
The following are the 2lst and 55th articles at
length:
Art. 21. Subjects of China, who may be guilty °f any
criminal act towards citizens ot the United States, shall be
arrested and punished by the Chinese authorities according
to the laws of China; and citizens of the United States, who
may commit any crime in China, shall be subject to be tried
and punished only by the consul or other public functiona-
ry of the United States thereto authored, according to the
laws of the United States. And in order to the prevention
ot all controversy and disaffection, justice shall be equitably
and impartially administered on both sides.
Art. 25. All questions in regard to the rights, whether of
property or persons, arising between citizens of the United
State? in China, shall be subject to the jurisdiction and reg-
ulated by the authorities of their own government. And all
controversies occurring in China between citizens of the
United States and the subjects of any other government
shall be regulated by the treaties existing between the Uni-
ted States and such governments respectively, without inter-
ference on the part of China.
Mr. JAMESON asked and obtained leave to
present resolutions of the general assembly of Mis-
souri in relation to the annexation of Texas; which
were referred to the Committee of the "Whole on (he
state ofthe Union, and ordered to be printed.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
On motion of Mr. BELSER, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Hopkins in the chair,) and renewed
the consideration of the joint resolution, with
the several amendments thereto, for the annexation
of Texas.
Mr. DROMGOOLE was entitled to the floor.
After a preliminary remark, he proceeded to say
that it was usual for gentlemen, in the commence-
ment of their remarks, to lay down in advance what
topics they intended to discuss. He proposed so
far to depart from that course, as to state in the be-
ginning some particular subjects which he should
not discuss. He should not consume the time of
the committee, by going- into a discussion of the
treaty of 1803, to show the extent of territorial
claim we then acquired. Nor should he enter into
an examination of the treaty of 1819, to acquire what
extent of territory we lost under that treaty. Nor
should undertake to inquire how far the rule of con-
struction laid down in the "Tale of a Tub," which had
been introduced liere, was applicable to the principles
of construction of the constitution of the United
States. He would be permitted, however, in
regard to gentlemen who seemed to have takeirpleas-
ure in their researches into this matter, with a view
to aiding them in their inquiries as to the true con-
struction of the constitution, to refer them to
the very able commentary on the subjcct, writ-
ten by that distinguished statesman of Virginia,
. John Taylor, of Caroline, in a work entitled uNew
Views of the Construction of the Constitution."
They would find there ample commentary on the
construction ofthe will in the "Tale of a Tub;" and
they would perceive which party in the United
States had more generally adopted the principles
there laid down in their constructions of the power
of the general government from the ronrtitution.
He should not go back into an examination of these
treaties to show whether we had any latent claim,
which, under existing circumstances, had been re-
vived, to that lost territory. It was sufficient for
him to know that the hardy and enterprising peo-
ple emigrating from our land, had nobly and gluu-
ously achieved their independence, and maintained
that independence; that that independence had been
acknowledged by us; that we had treated with them
as a sovereign nation, and now stood before the
world an independent republic; and it did not be-
come us now to revive any latent claim to her terri-
tory.
But he intended to examine this question of the
of ^exas t0 this Unioa, on the principle
that Texas was a sovereign and independent repub-
lic. Heretofore, the debate had been conducted
pretty much on the examination of general princi-
ples. The vapidly approaching time when thov
must come to some decision on this matter, admon-
ished them to bring into conflict and comparison the
different projects presented by the'professed friends
of annexation. In no othermode could they reconcile
conflicting views, and harmonize the sincere efforts
of all for the completion of this great scheme. Per-
mit him, then, to say, m the oulset, that he could
not, and would not, vote for the proposition hastily
introduced upon thl8 floor from the Committee on
* oreign Affairs. He regarded it himself as but the
ast and expiring; effort of the Tyler administration
to complete this subject. A treaty, as he believed,
hastily and inconsiderately entered into, at a time
when wise, prudent, eminent statesmen in this coun-
tiy believed that there weie difficulties in the way
oil account of some supposed armistice between
lexas and Mexico, was rejected by one branch of
this legislatuie, to whom was committed the power
of rejecting or confirming treaties presented them
by the President. They had rejected it; and now
an attempt was made here, by appeal to this branch
of the legislature, to revive and ratify a rejected
treaty in lotukm rerbis. If there were no objection
to this form of meeting the question, there was, in
his humble conception, an insuperable objection to
acquire, by act of legislation, a mere territorial ac-
quisition. As a mere territorial possession ofthe
united States, it was, in his humble conception, be-
yond the limits of the power confided in the legis-
lative department; and he did not qestion the power
of this government to be exercised by the Presi-
dent, in the form of a treaty, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, to acquire territory.
The power of acquisition of territory by sovereign
and independent States was admitted to belong to
them rightfully; and the same power which each
State, without the confederation, had to acquire
territory for itself, was transferred by the States to
the general government; and it had the same power
to acquire lenitory for the whole Union.
He should not go into an elaborate discussion to
inquire whether the treaty-making power could be
rightfully exerted for the acquisition of territory;
he considered it settled in this country; but m
hie researches, he had found an argument in favor
of that doctrine so admirably and conclusively sum-
med up by a gentleman now on this floor, the ven-
erable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,]
in a communication made many years ago to your
own constituents, (said Mr. 1)., addressing the
chairman,) and as far back as 1823, and which he
found published in the columns of the Richmond
Enquirer, when that gentleman was attacked, and
unjustly attacked, with the accusation that he had
been an enemy to the acquisition of Louisiana, and
to the ratification of Mr. Jefferson's treaty. The
vote of the gentleman to ratify the treaty, and to
appropriate money to pay for this acquired territory,
disproved that charge. As lie had remarked, the
admirable and conclusive argument of the gentle-
man in favor of the treaty-making power to acquire
territory was so much better than he could express
it, that he begged leave that it be read, as he had
caused it to be tiansenbed fiom the Richmond En-
quirer.
The article referred to was read by the Clerk, as
follow?-.
"Gen. Sin)Ui h?.s, theii-foie, <iom  me f,u'ai injustice m
6raw nig fi nm thos.o \ otps the conclm 1011 th it I \vn« go\ eril-
ed in giving them either hy principles of faction or [>3 hos-
tility to Lonsiana. it is w t II known to all those with whom
I acted at tne time, as well tliost whoue votes concurred ,
with mine as those who sanctioned hy their votes these as- \
sumptions of constructive powers, that my voice and opm- !
jons were in pv\or of the acquisition of Louisiana, and of I
the ratification ot the treaty hy whirh it v -icqnircd The j
power iomakf. tkiitikiis, hy the constitution, given to !
the Trevuh ut,' with the concunence ol two thirds«of the '
'senators' present upon the question for their athico and I
c.on-erit, HiTfiorr 1 r.MiiA 1 k>-; It extonds to whatever can '
lorm the subject of tiu a-m s between sovereign and irulc- j
pendent nations Of the power to make the tieat\, theie- 1
lore, I had no doubt, as having been granted by the conMi- I
tion. Eat the power to make a treaty, and 'he power to f
cairv it into execution, are, by the organization ol our gov- !
ernmcnt, not the same. The former is m< iely a transaction
with a foreign nation. To have limited that would haw
been to limit the power of the nation itself j  its relations
ol intercourse with other States. It would hove been an
abdication by th<? nation itself of come ofthe powers ap-
pertaining to sovereignty, and have placed u on a footing of
inequality with other sovereigns lint the latter—the pow-
er to cany 0 treaty into execution, imports the cxercise ol
the internal powers of government, and was subject to all
the limitation^ prescribed by the constitution to the exer
£Jfe 0r ff°86 P°wers* J.n tbe message by which Pres-
ident Jefferson communicated this treaty to Consrress aftpr
its ratifications had been exchanged, he said: 'You wall ob-
serve that some important conditions cannot bk carried
into > xtxutiop. Imt with the aid of the legislature1 This is
a circumstance common to many treaties, and has treaurnt.
Iy given occasion to debates in the House of Henresenta-
tivrs hon far they are hound to sanction, in their lao-islative
capacity, stipulations with foreign nations, solemnly made
and ratified hy the treaty-making power."
The position which he maintained, and which he
thought was confirmed and conclusively maintained
in the argument of the venerable gentleman, was
that the power (o acquire territory by treaty was in-
cluded in the very nature, '{n the very meaning of
(he treaty-making power, and is not acquired inci-
dentally 01* by construction. It was a power ex-
pre sal y granted in the constitution, it was embraced
. neccessanly in the nature of that power, and hence it
' not incidental power. In that respect he dif-
fered fiom some of lus friends, who claimed it as an
incidental legislative power. No one contended, he
believed, that the power to be exercised by the le-
gislature in the acquisition of mere territorial pos-
session, was anywhere expressly granted in the con-
stitution. In looking over the express enumeration
of powers granted by the constitution to the legisla-
tive department, they looked in vain for any grant
of power to acquire foreign territory; and the ques-
tion came back whether this power was incident to
any power granted by the constitution. Some of
Ins friends 011 this floor maintained that it was inci-
dent to the power given to Congress to admit new
btates. Jill his humble conception, (lie power to ac-
quire foreign territory aiwl the power to admit new
States were separate and distinct powers, and nei-
ther could be chinned as incidental to the other. If
the power to acquire foieign territory was incident
to the legislative power to admit new States, it must
be incident to it at all times, and always be necessa-
ry to its execution^ It was not so; for the power to
admit new States might be exercised without neces-
sarily involving the power of the acquisition of for-
eign tciritory, and the power to acquire territory by
way of treaty might be exercised, whether that ter
ritory was subsequently to be organized into a sepa
rate State or not. Whether the territory to be ac-
quired should afterwards be erected ifito Stales, was
a matter dependent altogether upon subsequent reg-
ulation; and the treaty-making power itself, for tlie
acquisition of territory, might he exercised for other
purposes than that of creating States therefrom.
His conclusion, therefore, was, that the power to
admit new Sta.tes was one power, a distinct, substan-
tive power in itself; and the power to acquire territo-
ry was another power, separate and distinct, to be
exercised by another department of the govern-
ment. °
With these views, therefore, he and many of his
friends would not vote for any proposition going
simply to acquire territorial possessions for the Un^
ted States. Bwt if the power to acquire foreign ter-
ritory were an incident of the power to admit new
States, it did not follow that that incidental power
resided in Congress. ^Congress had the power to
raise and support armies; and it would very natural-
ly be supposed that the power to appoint officers
was necessary for raising and supporting armies*
and he would agree that it would be a proper con-
struction of the constitution to concede that power-
but the constitution bad tsken this power, which,
was a mere incident, and made it the subject of an
express grant in another clausc. But if the treaty-
making power was alone exercised for the acquisi-
tion of territory, would not difficulties and delays in
this case be created, if some other mode was not re-
sorted to? lie would not detain the committee by
detailing the difficulties and delays that must neces-
sarily take plate in entering upon new negotiations
between our government and that of Texas; neither
would he detain the committee by showing that, if
we take Texas simply as a territory, we make our-
selves liable for all her debts, contracts, and obliga-
tions of every kind.
He came, then, to the inquiry, Could Texas be
admitted as a State into this Union by Con°ress?
W^ts ttiis a case to which that simple provision of
the constitution—"new States may be admitted by
the Congress into this Union"—might be applied?
It was well remarked by his worthy and respected
colleague, [Mr. Bayi.v,] in the course of his remarks
the other day on tliR subject, that all the provisions
and expressions of the constitution must be critical-
iy examined, even in reference, to their grammatical
construction, in order to arrive at their tfue mean-
ing and intention. Let us then (said he) analyze
the grammatical construction afld meaning ©f this
