188
CONGRESSIONAL GLO$E.
transaction, subordinate,;and incident entirely to that
. which was the main object of the treaty, namely,
the adjustment of difficulties between the two na'
tjons. France owed the United States $5,000,000;
lNapoleon had no money to spare from his expen-
sive campaigns, but he could well spare a foreign
territory which cost him more trouble than profit.
In this way Louisiana was acquired. Me did not
and could not, object to this treaty, so far as this
transaction was concerned, as being unconstitution-
al. lie referred to the treaty with Spain, by which
we acquired Florida, and argued that the same state
of facts existed with reference to this territory—
that the cession of territory was a mere incident to
the main object of settling the difficulties existing
between the two countries.^.
Having said thus much in reference to what had
been ur«- d as precedents for the acquisition of for-
eign territory, he returned to the original proposi-
tion which he had laid down, viz: that it was not
competent for this government to acquire foreign
territory, much Jess to form a union with this coun-
try and a foreign power. Certain it was, if his con-
clusions above were correct, that we had no prece-
dent in our history for such a thing as was now pro-
posed. He averred it was the first time in which it
had been proposed to the Congress of the United
States to acquire foreign territory as a substantive,
distinct, independent thing. Such it was. We had
no disputed boundaries or difficulties of any sort
with Texas. We wanted her territory, and we
proposed to obtain it, as the naked object of the
treaty, compact, or legislative bargain.
ffiie government had no right to seek to enlarge
the boundaries of the United States by acquiring for-
eign territory. Look through the constitution m
its general scope and design, or with a microscopic
vision, and not the slightest proof could be found
that it was the intention of the framers of the con-
stitution to give this government the distinct, sub-
stantive, independent power to acquire foreign tcrrir
tory. He might refer to the whole history of that
time to prove that nothing was further from the in-
tention of the framers of the constitution than
to insert this power in it; and he did not
believe, had it so been understood, that the consti-
tution would have been ratified by a single State in
the Union.
Recurring to the position he had set out with, he
laid down that the acquisition of foreign territory
was not one of the objects for which this govern-
ment was founded; and to decide this it would seem
enough to say that there was no express sanction
found in it, as the nature and structure of the gov-
ernment itself forbade the idea that any such authori-
ty should be found in it. The objects of the fra-
mers of the constitution were clearly set forth in the
preamble to that instrument. He read this pream-
ble, in which, he said, there was nothing about "en-
larging the area of freedom." What man could
read this preamble—these words of living light—.
and then turn and look through the constitution
with an honest expectation of finding the authority
there given to this government to acquire foreign
territory? to find given to this republic—this combi-
nation of jealous States—the capacity to acquire for-
eign territory according as its will—as its umestrain-
ed Roman ambition—might dictate?
' jjut, since it was proposed to acquire territory by
the legislative power, it was said that this was an
express power given under the power to admit new
States. Such a construction, in his mind, was the ;
grossest fraud ever attempted to be perpetrated on I
the constitution. "New States may be admitted by j
the Congress into this Union:" a significant form of I
language, clearly indicating that the extent of the ;
power was to admit new States out of our own terri- '
tory, either then existing or that might be acquned
by conquest, by discovery, or by cession, as an in-
cident and subordinate object to that of the settle-
ment of difficulties with foreign nations, and that
was the whole of it. But now it was maintained
that this power to admit new States was a power j
first to bring a foreign Stile and people, into this j
Union as well as new States to be formed oat of our ,
domestic territory, and was also a power, at the ;
same time, to acquire all the foreign territory which
m glit belong, as an appendage of right, to such for- |
eign States.j 1
He repeated the objection to the admission of
Texas on the ground of its constitutional mcompe- ;
tency, if admitted, to be represented in the House ,
for seven years, in the Senate for nine years, and to ,
furnish a candidate for the presidency for fourteen
years, unless by importing or borrowing persons
frpm other and older States.;
\JThis proposition was too" gross and monstrous.
If we might admit independent Texas into the
Union in this way, we might in the same way ad-
admit independent St. Domingo or independentTur-
key; and let him tell them that there were too many
of the citizens of the United States this day who
had rather see St. Domingo admitted into the
Union than to see Texas admitted.!
One pretence by which this scheme was attempted
to be supported was; that Texas might be brought
in, and that it was necessary that it should be, in
order to enable Congress to exercise its power to ad-
mit new States. He confessed this was a most
strange doctrine for a strict constructionist. The
argument itself admitted that we had not the power
to acquire foreign territory, but that it must be
deduced from the power to admit new States, as
there was no subject matter for this power to admit
new States to operate upon until foreign territory
was brought in. And yet one was incident to the
other! It was generally supposed that the incident
followed or attended the principal; yet it was dis-
covered here that the incident preceded; at any rale,
that there was nothing for the principal power to
operate upon until the incident was exercised.
But the most extraordinary discovery yas, that
this territory was to be brought in by joint resolution,
or in some such way, because the power to acquire
foreign territory was incident to the. power to make
war. As the answer to this, which his short time
left him, he said, when the "case occurred where
we made war with Texas to make the conquest of
her territory, it would he time enough to consider
that proposition.
So hard pressed were some gentlemen, that they
even thought it a good cause of war. So important
did it seem to them that they would push our fron-
tiers 1,500 miles further, in order to defend our own
blessed country. In answer, he would say, when
that time comes, when it may be necessary to the
defence of the country, lie would say take it, and
sacrifice the constitution. He contended that the
acquisition of Texas could only be made by the
sacrifice of the constitution. One gentleman con-
tended that it was for the extension of the area of
freedom; and another said it was for the extension
of the institution of slavery—both objects inconsistent
with each other. He passed by the humbug of ex-
tending the area of freedom; -hut what should
he say of the other object? The Secretary of Stale
openly avowed that it was to strengthen and protect
the institutions of the South. Was there any man
bold enough to say that he would stretch this con-
stitution merely for the purpose of extending slave-
ry? He ca'led upon the men of the South to stand
by the compromises of the constitution. The
North was willing to sutler slavery to stand as it
was protected by that instrument; but he firmly and
conscientiously believed that the admission of Texas
into the Union would end in a dissolution of the
confederacy.
Mr. ADAMS observed that, in the course of his
remarks, he should refer to circumstances appealing
personally and peculiarly to himself, which were of
such a nature that it was with extreme reluctance he
referred to them at all, and yet which it was impos-
sible for lum to rise and speak on this subject with-
out referring to, inasmuch as they alive tod his char-
acter before the country and the world. There was
one argument that had been frequently used
by members favorable to this measure which
forcibly reminded him of an incident that oc-
curred m the summer of the year 184.1, when
circumstances of a peculiar nature accidentally led
him to an excursion into the western part of New
York and the neighboring province of Canada.
Sometime in the month of July, 1843, it was his
fortune to pass, in a fast-going steamer, from Mon-
treal to Quebec. In the course of the evening, the
light of the moon falling on the smooth surface of
the waler through which they glided, he fell in con-
versation with a young countryman of his who was
a passenger in ths san-jC boat. Looking around him,
he made the exclamation, '"What a magnificent riv-
er!" To which the young man replied, "Yes: and it
must be ours." He then said it would undoubtedly
be a very good thing for us to possess it, but for the
injunction in the Bible which said, "Thou shall
not covet thy neighbors goods," "Ay," said the
young man, "but nature has given it to us, and we
must have it." Now, hearing the argu-
ments that had been used for the annexa-
tion of Texas, he was forcibly reminded of
the conversation he had in the British-steamer; yes,
the only unanswerable argument hfe had heard used
for the annexation was, that nature intended it for
ns, and we must have it. Mr. A. then referred to
the argument that Texas was comprehended in the
territory ccded by the Louisiana treaty, and there-
fore the United States were bound by the terms of
that treaty to admit them into the Union, contend-
ing that Texas was not included in that territory.
He also inferred to the assertion that he was the
first who originated the idea of annexing Texas to
the United States, for that, in 1825, during his pres-
idency, he made overtures to Mexico for the ac-
quisition of that territory. He admitted this to be
true, lie did make overtures to Mexico for the
acquisition of Texas; but there was a slight differ-
ence between his action on that subject and that
now contemplated, which the gentleman from Illi-
nois had overlooked. He had proposed to purchase
Texas with the consent of its owner; but the gen-
tleman and his friends proposed now to take it
without the owner's consent. There was the same dif-
ference between his action and that now contem-
plated, as there was between purchase and burglary.
; Further, when lie proposed to purchase Texas of
Mexico, slavery did not exist there, and he pro-
posed to take it without slavery, which he was will-
ing to do now, with the consent of Mexico.
1 He had said that he had always been in favor of
the acquisition of territory to the United States to
the del Norte, provided it could be obtained with
the consent of the owners, and provided the laws
which existed in 1825and 1827, which existed when
he made the proposition for that territory, existed
still, and they could acquire the territory without
any claims upon it. Give them that, and he would
go for the annexation of Texas to-morrow. Get
the consent of the proprietors, and give them the
laws of freedom which prevailed throughout the ter-
ritory and Mexico—unhappy as she was with her
civil war—for there slavery was abolished. Slavery
was not in Texas at the time he made the prop-
ositions for it in 1825 and 1827.]
.'But, slavery having been established in Texas, he
considered the propositions which lie made null and
void, so far as her consent goes, forever. He re-
peated, then, give them the territory with the con-
sent of the owners—give them the territory without
slavery, and he would go to the Rio del Norte to-
morrow. lie said this to make himself understood;
for his conduct had been often referred to in this de-
bate. He then went on to say that the country al-
luded to was not conveyed to the United States by
the treaty by which we acquired Louisana. What
was ceded by that treaty? In answer to that ques-
tion, lie read an extract from the treaty itself, and
said there was nothing about Texas there—not a
word. It was Louisiana, and not Texas; and Texas
anil Louisiana never were exchanged at any time.
What was Texas? A Spanish name. .Everything
there was Spanish—every settlement of every kind.
And it was to Mexico that his proposition was
made and refused.
\He next asked what were Mr. JefFcison's views
in respect to the boundary of Louisiana. He read
largely from books to show that Mr. Jefferson
looked to 1 he Mississippi as the boundary; and, on
this point, lie spoke at great length; and as he had
been spoken of as having sacrificed this territory—
indeed one gentleman had said that all the cessions
of territory made by this country had been made,
by citizens of the United States—he went into his
own justification. He said he was merely a scribe,
a servant, the true responsibility resting on the
President of the United States, and he was a Virgin-
ian. Who, he asked, had been the means of giv-
ing this country the title to Oregon? A citizen of
Massachusetts. It was a citizen of Massachusetts
that discovered the Columbia river, and he (Mr.
Aiiams) had the crcdit of inserting the clause in the
treaty on which our right was based. If it had not
been for the attacks which had been made upon
him, the fact would have gone, with him to the
grave. He went into the particular details in rela-
tion to this subject, and then returned to the subject
of annexation. He said his objection did not exist
to the annexation of foreign territory, but to annex-
ation of foreign people.
He suppssed that, in the power to make treaties,
the power to acquire territory was necessarily in-
cluded, because the conveyance of territory was one"
of the most common and ordinary effects of the ne-
gotiation of treaties. In all the treaties for the ac-
quisition of territory, it was not the acquisition of
territory which constituted the power not within
