190
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and on the ground that no ecclesiastical authority has "been
delegated to Cdngres," &c.: referred to the Committee on
the Judicjary.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 25, 1845.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. ADAMS rose and asked leave to make a per-
sonal explanation.
The SPEAKER said it would not be in order ex-
cept by general consent.
No objections being made,
Mr. ADAMS proceeded. He read from the ac-
count of the general grounds of his remarks as given
in the Intelligencer this morning, of which the fol-
lowing sentence was a part:
"His general position was that with Texas, free from
slavery, and the assent of Mexico obtained, he was ieady to
vote for annexation to-morrow.v
He had used (Mr. A. said) an expression to that
purpose, but he did not mean to say that he would
vote for annexation under any of the forms of any
of the propositions in this House. He meant to say
for the mere ultimate result of the annexation of
Texas to the United States—that was to say, for the
formation of a social compact and union bet>veen the
United States and the people of Texas-^he would
vote it to-morrow. He said that again; but he
did not mean by that to allow that the Congress of
the United States had any such power. It was not
within the powers of Congress. Congress had the
power to admit new States into the Union; but the
admission of a State was a totally different thing from
the government of a people!/ The position which he
took yesterday (and which he did not know as he
should have sufficient time to elucidate thoroughly)
was, that the union of two sovereign peoples, under
one government could not be performed by any
agency but that of the people themselves. He
stated that he had taken that ground on the ques-
tion of the acquisition of Louisiana. He fuither
recapitulated his arguments on this point. That
was the cession of a province and the people of a
province. He did not believe there was power in
the government to do it: and therefore he did not
believe in the power of the Congress of the United
States to assume the government of the people of
Louisiana, under the treaty which had been made,
and he voted accordingly. Although he voted for
the appropriations required by that treaty, he voted
against every act of Congress at that session which
went to enforce a government on the people of
Louisiana. He believed then, he believed now,
that Congress had no such power. He had stated
yesterday that there was the constitutional infringe-
ment. Here was the fallacy of the argument in the
proposition of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglass.] Mr. A. supposed that the Congress
of the United States had no power whatsoever to
act upon the people of Louisiana after they were
annexed. But the gentleman did not carry back
the question to the point whether the Congress of
the United States, or the President of the United
States, had power to impose any such laws on the
people of Texas. He maintained that it was a
power not delegated to the Congress of the United
States, and not at all incident to the power of Con-
gress to admit new States. He said that all the
propositions before the committee—every one of
them—were unconstitutional. He should vote
against every one of them as unconstitutional, be-
cause they assumed to act upon the people of Texas
in a manner in which Congress had no power.
There were other constitutional objections. The
acquisition of territory itself could not be performed
by act of Congress, but it must be done by treaty.
Mr. COLLAMER asked and obtained leave to
present a resolutions^* the legislature of Vermont
relative to the annexation of Texas; which were
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
On motion of Mr. SAUNDERS, the House le-
solved itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Hopkins in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion, with the several amendments thereto, lor the
annexation of Texas to the United States.
Mr. STEPHENS was entitled to the floor. He
commenced with some general remarks, 'm which
he announced himself in favor of the annexation of
Texas on just and reasonable terms; but other-
wise that which, consummated in a proper manner,
would be a great blessing, would be a. great curse, i
Ufie referred to the remarks of his colleagues Mr.
Haralson and Mr. Cobb, who had said that ell par-
ties in the State of Georgia were favorable to annex-
ation. On the abstract question they were; but
there was no party in Georgia during the last can-
vass in favor of the plan of annexation at that
time before the American people."/
Mr. HARALSON (Mr. S. yielding the floor)
said that the people of Georgia had pronounced at
the recent election, most emphatically m favor of
annexation, if need be, on the terms of John Tyler's
treaty itself.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then would the gentleman
vote for John Tyler's treaty? [Laughter.]
Mr. HARALSON replied that he would not give
it up on a quibble of that sort, but he would vote
for John Tyler's treaty, and for almost every project
that had been introduced in this House. Texas he
wanted, and he believed it constitutional, and called
for .by the voice of the American people.
Mr. STEPHENS resumed. He believed that
the people of Georgia, of either party, had not sup-
ported John Tyler's treaty. During the last can-
vass in that State, he had heard no man of the gen-
tleman's party, or of his own party, who defended
that treaty. '
Thegentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Holmes]
had substantially declared that the southern man
who voted for that treaty was either a knave or a
fool.
Mr. HOLMES explained, and was understood to
say that any southern man who went to divide the
territory into slavehoiding and non-slavcholding,
was a fool or knave.
Mr. STEPHENS resuming, said he had under-
stood the gentleman. Did John Tyler's treaty Kay
anything about slavery? Was it not as silent as the
grave on that subject! Could any southern man,
then, who knew, as the gentleman from South Car-
linft had declared, that the South was in a minority
on this floor, vote to bring in a wide domain, as
large as France, by a treaty which left the question
open? Did not the remark of thegentleman amount
to the declaration that any southern man who voted
for this treaty was a knave or a fool? Mr. S. used
no such language.
He went against the proposition reported by the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs [Mr.
C. J. IngersollJ on two grounds. One was, that
it provided for the assumption of the debts of Texas.
He proceeded to amplify this consideration; and, in
the course of his remarks, he said that no man
knew how much was that debt.
Mr. C. J. INUERSOLL. The Texians estima-
ted their debt between seven and eight millions of
dollars. It had been put at ten mitlisns of dollars
byway ofcoveiing; everything. [Laughter.]
Mr, STEPHENS understood all of that. He
asked the honorable gentleman if he could inform
the House as to the fact whether the authorities of
Texas knew what was that debt5 Had there been
any estimation of it by them within the last three
years'
Mr. C. J. INGEIISOLL replied that her minister
estimated it at seven or eight millions of dollars.
i Mr. STEPHENS resumed. That estimate was
made in 1841. He knesv some men who were woith
their thousands and fifty thousands in 1841 who
were not worth a cent now. No gentleman on this
floor presumed to assert that the amount of the debt
of Texas was known. They knew nothing aboutit.
'He went against this proposition for another rea-
son; it left the slave question unsettled. Much as
he regarded the lustre of the "lone star," (and he
would let it gleam on,) he admired the brilliant ga-
laxy of the present confederacy of our glorious old
twenty-six States as they now existed much more.
And rathsr than that star shooting from its orbit, and
coining into ours, should produce confusion, he
should say let it gleam on alone, and remain
where it is. From the admission of that country
with this question open, disastrous would be the
result. Let that question be settled. "Sufficient
unto the day is the evil thereof," the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs had said. This was
from the best authority; but this was not the first
time that Scripture hacl been misquoted. He said
postpone not this evil day; if we were to have Tex-
as, let that question be settled. He wished no Gre-
cian wooden-horse brought into this confederacy.
As a southern man, and Georgian, he protested
against the correspondence of the Secretary of State
on this subject. The institution of slavery was a
domestic one, and the Secretary of State sought to
make it a national one. He objected to calling on
this government to strenghten the institution of
slavery. If this government could strengthen, it
could weaken or abolish slavery. The strong post
occupied by the South was, that Congress could not
legislate on the subject of slavery at all; and by con-
ceding to the government the power of legislating to
strenghten the institution of slavery, they would be
putting a weapon into their enemies'hands to de-
stroy them. The gentleman from New York said
yesterday that the annexation of Texas would ex-
tend the area of freedom. Now, Texas was already
a slave State—slavery .existed there; and he would
ask the gentleman if annexation would add one slave
more to those already in being. Will one human
being more be oppressed by slavery if Texas bean-
, nexed than without it? There was another view he
,would submit. Was there not every reason to be-
lieve that the condition of the slaves in Texas would
be ameliorated by being brought usder the whole-
some influence of our laws? He was opposed to all
the projects for annexation that had been submitted
except that of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Milton Brown.] That project did not contemplate
paying the debts of Texas; it did not contemplate
any future legislation and consequent agitation m
Congress; and settled the slave question forever.
He admitted that Texas was quite as independent
as Mexico, and her government was more stable.
Mexico had forfeited her rights to Texas, if she
ever had any. The whole aspect of the question
was therefore changed since yesterday. An investi-
gation of the question had convinced him that the
measure would not be in violation of the constitu-
tion as had been contended by gentlemen. He then
proceeded at length to a^gue the constitutional ques-
tion, showing that Congress possessed the unques-
tionable right to acquire and annex territory to the
Union.
He next replied to the arguments of many gentle-
men who had preceded him in this debate, particu-
larly that of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Kennedy,] who had contended that no citizen of
Texas could be a representative on this floor, or oc-
cupy a seat in the Senate, without a residence, after
annexation, of seven and nine years. He said that
argument was extremely fallacious. What was the
United States? A confederation of States. If Texas
was annexed, she would be one of the United
States; and a residence in Texas for the years speci-
fied, would be a residence in one of these United
States. He continued his reply to various gentle-
men through his hour.
Mr. McfLVAlNE said there were so many gen-
tlemen desiring to address the committee on this
occasion, and the time was so very limited, that he
should content himself with a recapitulation of the
points of his argument, and elaborate them and fill
outlines heieafter.
;Tie said, this is a great national question in spite
of the combined efforts of all southern gentlemen to
make it a local, a southern, a slave question. Its
influences are as broad as the Union. It is a prop-
osition to break up the Union; to destroy the terms
of the original compact; to uproot and forever de-
Ntroy the relation between the relative influences in
this government; to restoieand perpetuate forever
that preponderance to the South which it has en-
joyed from the foundation of the government, but
which, from the silent opciation of our respective
policies, is passing from it. It is a proposition to
bring into this Union, by a simple legislative act, a
foreign government and a foreign people, equal in
territorial extent to one-quarter of our entire Union.
In reply to this, he said that the people whom he
represented will consent to no such thing, and he
might speak with equal confidence for his entire
State. She is in favor of the Union as it is. She
will maintain the constitution as it is, and all its
compi onuses, so long as it is suffered to remain the
fundamental law of this Union. But she will not
consent that the balances of power, resting upon
those compromises, shall be disturbed by the incor-
poration of new and foreign agents. He then pro-
posed to examine the authority by which this thing
is proposed to be done. ,
First, the constitutional authority; and secondly,
the vox populi. He denied that the constitution gives
to Oongiess any power, either expressed on implied,
to acquire foreign territory; or to the tieaty-making
power the right to acquire territory for the purpose
of extending the Union. He affirmed that the
power given to Congress to admit new States was
limited to the then territory of the Union. In proof
he offered the debates in the convention, the
whole of which refer directly and in terms to such
