CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
,±n
territory; from which he inferred, as a necessary
conclusion, that if there had been no such territory
there would have been no such provision. Hence
the power to admit foreign States falls to the ground.
In opposition to this it is argued that, inasmuch as
■the original form of this article was definite in its
terms, and an indefinite form substituted in its place,
it was intended to embrace foreign States. An-
swer, that an indefinite form was rejected as a
substitute; and that the whole controversy was in
reference to the propriety of giving Congress the
power to dismember the existing States without
their consent; and that no proposition so import-
ant as that of giving to a bare majority of Congress
the power to extend, ad libitum, the extent of the
Union, could have been proposed and adopted by
that convention without eliciting debate.
Next, the vox populi. They were told that the
people have decided this question; and, therefore,
that their will must be done. He denied, fiist, that
the people have the power to extend the legislative
powers of this government except in the manner
prescribed by the constitution itself. And then he
denied that any number of the States short of the
whole have the power to engraft upon the consti-
tution principles vitally affecting the original com-
pact as to the dissenting States. But he utterly de-
nied that the people have decided this question, at
least affirmatively. He cited the Baltimore conven-
tion which, by every principle of representative de-
mocracy, nominated Mr. Van Buren, who was op-
posed to annexation under existing circumstances,
but, by a singular process of progressive de-
mocracy, forced upon the party a candidate pledged
to immediate and unconditional annexation; that
Silas Wright was placed upon the same ticket for
the Vice Presidency, who was, like Mr. Van Bu-
ren, opposed to immediate annexation, to cover up
this issue in the North; that the nomination subse-
quently ofMr. Dallas was irrespective of his Texas
principles, and in reference to his supposed influ-
ence in Pennsylvania, the second State in the Union
He denied that the question of immediate annexa-
tion was generally sanctioned by the democratic
party in the North. In New York, whose vote de-
cided the contest, a clear and undisputed anti-Texas
majority of 10,000 votes was cast; and in the
whole Union there was a popular majority against
the measureTj
v In Pennsylvania the question was not fairly in is-
sue; but her vote was cast for Mr. Polk as the
friend of a protective tariff; and that votes thus fraud-
ulently obtained are placed to the annexation of
Texas.' He said, present to them the question fairly,
and its attendant consequences, and they are against
it largely. Pennsylvania is able and willing to pay
her own just debts; but she will not consent to be
taxed to pay the debts of other and foreign States.
She is willing to leave the institution of slavery
where the eo*stitution left it, in the States; but will
not consent to pour out her blood and her treasure
and her honor to continue and extend and perpetu-
ate it. He proposed to notice the question of expe-
diency, and examine the calculation of the gentle-
man from Alabama, and show that it is fallacious
and preposterous; that the North, instead of ob-
taining an increased maiket for their fabrics, would
get a 20 per cent, tariff; and the West, instead of
a new outlet for their agricultural produce, would
get increased competition for their labor.
fjXext he noticed the proper and ultimate limits of
Texas, and showed that there will not only be 110
public lands of any account, but that there will be
no territory for free States after the boundary shall
have been settled upon the most liberal terms as
proposed by this government. He next proceeded
to the argument of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina against limiting the extension of slavery, and
showed that it would result in the devastation of the
whole southern continent. And lastly, he noticed
the proposed extension of the "area of freedom,"
and showed that the union of two independent re-
publican governments cannot accomplish it, if free-
doom means republican liberty??
A contest for the floor, accompanisd with some
conversation by several gentlemen 011 the point
of order, arpse between Mr. HALE and Mr.
WOODWARD.
The CHAIRMAN awarded the floor to
®tr. WOODWARD. In some preliminary re-
, marks he announced his intention to direct bis re-
marks principally to the constitutional question;
but, previous to that, he wished to present one con-
sideration with reference to the Missouri compro-
. wise, of which they had heard so much , in order to
disabuse the House of prejudices which existed on
this subject. The settlement of th« line commonly
called the Missouri compromise line, north of
which slavery should not exist, they heard urged
here as a compromise, an occasion of mutual con-
cession between the advocates of slavery and non-
slavery. If it had been a compromise, it should
have been in this form: that slavery should not ex-
ist north, and that non-slavery should not exist
south of this line. On the contrary, in the settle-
ment of that line, the South took on themselves this
disability of ever establishing slavery north of the
line, and the adverse party stood where they had -
stood before recognised and legitimatized throughout
the whole country^]
Advancing to the constitutional question, and
premising that there had arisen much confusion
from the use of the word annexation; that Texas
and Texas alone had the power of annexing her-
self; that her power was efficient, that ours was pas-
sive; that we could only give permission to this
annexation, he proceeded to refer to the existing
clause of the constitution, empowering the Congress
to admit new States into this Union, and to investi-
gate with some minuteness the various propositions
and votes in the convention which framed the con-
stitution, in order to show that it was the intent of
the framers of the constitution in inserting the clause
as it now stands, to provide for the admission of
States, as occasions arose, out of territory which
was not then in the Union; and this being their in-
tention, he maintained that it could not have bees'
expressed m direct terms in the constitution, as it
would amount to an invitation to the colonies of •
foreign powers to revolt, and to guaranty to them
in that case, and in case of their coming into the
Union, a republican form of government, which
would have been a breach of international obliga-
tion, and would have involved us in war with for-
eign. governments. On the other hand, he asked
gentlemen on the opposite side, why it was that the
express restriction was not made in the constitution,
if such was the intention of the framers of the consti-
tution?
' In support of this view, he read from the Federalist
by Mr. Madison, which laid down that the imme-
diate object of the constitution was to secure the
the Union of the thirteen primitive States, and such
States as might arise within their bosom, or within
their neighborhoods. He held that the constitution
was a remedial instrument, and the whole burden of
its object was to prevent the danger of having sep-
arate confederacies contiguous to each other here.
Neighboring States were natural enemies to each
other. The whole object was to substitute for the
laws of nations, and for tieaties, a constitution or
compact between different States. The exclusion of
Texas, therefore, was a violation of this object; it
was the disunion of Texas, aud the defeating of
that object which the constitution was designed to
accomplish)'
iJVyhat was the distinction between the treaty-ma-
king power and the sovereign power? Here wa%
the distinction: Tiie treaty-making power was not
a compact between nations, butit was a compact be-
tween joint authorities. We have a treaty-making
department and treaty-malcirig officers, but we have
no treaty-making power. It must proceed fiom the
joint authority of nations. It is not a treaty which
originates a body politic; it is not a treaty which
originates a government. Was the constitution of
the United States a treaty? Why it was a social
compact resulting from internal authorities; it was
an act which did not go abroad. The question now
between the United'States and Texas was one of so-
cial compact. It was a question not of operations
and actions, but a question which goes to the or-
ganization of society. Texas must annex herself
to the United States. The act which she performs
is simply a subscription to the constitution of the
United States; and the act which we perform is sim-
ply to assent to the action on her part. This was
the Way m which the several States now in the
Union became parties to the eonstitunonal govern-
ment. The constitution which was framed in con-
vention was ratified by nine States giving their as-
sent to it; and every succeeding State must come in
m the same way. We did not annex North Caro-
lina and Rhode Island to the Union, they annexed
themselves. When the convention broke up, after
having framed a constitution, they left their agent
there to express their authority—not their power—
that all the States assenting to the constitution might
comeinto the Union."] Mr. W. then replied to the
remarks of Mr. Bar~narp, which referred to the doc-
trine of strict construction as maintained in the
South, explaining what those doctrines were, and
how they applied to the present question.
Mr. CAUSIN obtained the floor over a number
of competitors, among whom was Mr. Rayner, and
then yielded the floor to that gentleman for an ex-
planation. ■ . , , , .
Mr. RAYNER said he wished to state to this
House and the nation, (and he wished the reporters
to take it down,) that no southern whig, who
was opposed to the annexation of Texas, had been
allowed to open his mouth on this question. He
wished to state this, so that it might appear to the
people of this country that the grounds on whioh the
southern whigs opposed this measure had not been
allowed to go to the world.
The CHAIR made some observations which
were not heard by the reporter, but was understood
to call the gentleman to order.
Mr. CAUSIN followed, and having but half an
hour left, he gave notice that he should not attempt
to make a speech, for that he found impossible 111
the time allotted to him. He should, however, ex-
press his views to the people in another way. He
then proceeded to the question, and said he should
vote againstevery proposition of annexation which he
had yet seen, censuring, at the same time, the at-
tempts which had been made to make the acquisi-
tion of territory dependent on a municipal regulation
or domestic institution. He said he foresaw that
this matter was but the germ of divisions and par-
ties for the future, which should influence our elec-
tions. He proceeded to discuss the question in all
its bearings, (which have been fully reported during
this debate,) particularly the constitutional power
to admit Texas into this Union as now proposed.
At 2 o'clock, precisely, the chairman announced
the arrival of the hour which the House had fixed
for the termination of the debate, and the committee
proceeded to vote on the pending propositions, and
on the several propositions subsequently offered.
The state of the question before the Committee
was this:
Mr. C. J. Incersoix had reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs a joint resolution declaring
that annexation and union between the United States
and the republic of Texas, take effect as settled the
12th of April last, in the following words, viz:
"JOINT RESOLUTION for annexing Texas to the United
States.
Rfsohed by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of America in Cong? ess assembled, That an-
nexation and union between the said United States and the
republic ot Texas take etfect as settled the tweilth of April
last, m the tollowing words, viz:
"Ajujclk i. The republic of Texas, acting in conformity
with the wishes of the people and "government, cedes
to the United States all the territories of Texas, to be
held by them in full pioperty and sovereignty, and to be
annexed to the said United States as one of their Territories,
subject to the same constitutional provisions with their
other Teiritoiies. This cession including all public lots and
squares, vacant lands, mines, minerals, salt lakes and
springs, public edifices, fortifications, barracks, ports and
harbors, navy and navy "yards, docks, magazines, amis,
armaments, and accoutrements, arohives and public docu-
ments, public funds, debts, taxes and dues unpaid at the time
of annexation.
"AKrici.K n The citizens of Texas shall be incorporated
into the Union of the United States, maintained and protect-
ed in the free enjoyment of their liberty and property, and
admitted, as soon as may be consistent with the principles
ot the federal constitution, to the enjoj mont of all the rights,
privileges, and immunities, of citizens of the United State?.
"Ariiclk hi. All titles and claims to real estate, valid
under the laws of Texas, shall be held so by the United
State?, and measures adopted for the speedy adjudication
of all unsettled claims to land, and patents shall be granted
to those found valid.
"Auin-j.t n The public land hereby ceded shall be
subject to the laws regulating the pwblic lands in the otfcter
Teiritoiies of the United States, as far as they may be ap-
plicable; subject, however, to such alterations and chants
as Congress mey from time to time think propei to make.
If, in consequence of the mode in which lands have been
surveyed in Texas, or from pievious giants or locations,
the sixteenth section cannot be applied to the purpose of
euucjtion, Congress shall make equal provision by grant
of land ekewhcrc. And it is also further understood that.
hcreaUer, the books, papers, and documents of the General
Land Office of Texas shall be deposited and kept at such
place m Texas as the Congress of the United States &hall
direct
"Article v The United States assume and agree to pay
the public debts and liabilities of Texas, however created,
for which the faith or credit of her government may he
bound at the time of annexation; said debts and liabilities
estimated not to eNceed, m the whole, ten millions oi dol-
lais, to bo -ascertained and paid m the manner heieinafter
stated:
'•The payment of the sum ofthree hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars shall be made at the treasmy of the United
States, within ninety days afterannexation, as iollows: Two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars to Frederick Dawson, of
Baltimore, or his executors, on the delivery of that amount
1 of ten per cent, bonds of Texas; one hundred thousand do!-
