m
COWmiSSSIONAL GLOBH
law, if sd much be required,, in the redemption of the ex-
chequer bills whigh may be in circulation at the time of
annexation.^ For the payment of the remainder of the debts
and liabilities --of-Texas, which, together with the amount
already speei&etf, shall not exceed ten millions of dollars,
the public l&ads herein ceded, and the net revenue the
sante) &reihereby pledged.
*5Aeticlk vi. In order to asoeridii the full amount of the
debts and liabilities hereiti. assumed, and the legality and
validity theieof, fout Commissioners shall be appointed by
the President of Uiti United States, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, who shall meet at Washington,
Texas, within the period of six months after annexation, and
may continue m session not exceeding twelve months, un-
less the Congress of the United States should pro-
long the time. They shall take an oath for the faith-
fill discharge Jof their duties, and that they are not direct-
ly or indiiectly interested in said claims at the time, and
will not be duiing their continuance in office, and the
said oath shall be recorded with their proceedings. In
case of the death, sickness, or resignation of any of tne com-
missioners, his or their place or places may be supplied by
the appointment as aforesaid, or by the President of the
United States during the recess of the Senate. They, or a
majority of them, shall be authorized, under such regula-
tions as the Congress of the United States, may prescribe, to
hear, examine, and decide on all questions touching the le-
gality and validity of said claims, and shall, when a claim is
allowed, issue a certificate to the claimant, stating the
amount, distinguishing principal from interest. The certifi-
cates so issued shall be numbered, and entry made ol the
number, the name of the person to whom issued, and the
amount, in a book to be kept for that purpose. They
shall transmit the records of their proceedings and
the book in which the certificates are entered, with
the vouchers and documents produced before them,
relative to the claims allowed or rejected, to the
Treasury Department of the United States, to be deposited
therein; and the Secretary of the Treasury shall, as soon as
practicable after the receipt of the same, ascertain the aggie-
gate amount of the debts and liabilities allowed-, and it the
same, when added to the amount to be paid to Fredenck
Dawson, and the sum which may be paid m the redemption
of the exchequer bills, shall not exceed the estimated sum
of ten millions of dollars, he shall, on the presentation of a
certificate of the commissioners, issue, at the option of the
holder, a new certificate for the amount, distinguishing
mmcipal from interest, and payable to him or order, out of
the net proceeds of the public lands hereby ceded, or stock
of the United States, for the amount allowed, including ,
principal and interest, and bearing an interest ot three per I
cent, per annum from the date thereof, which stock, m ad-
dition to being made payable out of the net proceeds oi the
public lands hereby ceded, shall also be receivable in pay*
ment for the same. In case the amount of the debts and
liabilities allowed, with the sums aforesaid to be paid to
Fiederick Dawson, and which may be paid in the redemp-
tion of the exchequer bills, shall exceed the sum of ten mil-
lions of dollars, the said secretary, before lwumg a new cer-
tificate, or stock, as the case may be, shall make m each
case such proportionable and ratable deduction on its
amount as to reduce the aggregate to the said sum often
millions of dollars; and he shall have power to make all
needful rules and regulations necessary to carry into eflect
t le rowers hereby vested m him.
«Article vii. Until further provision shall be made, the
Jaws of Texas, as now existing, shall remain in force; and
all executive and judicial officers of Texas, except the
President, Vice President, and heads of departments, shall
retain their offices, with all power and authority appertain-
ing thereto; and the courts of justice shall remain 111 ail
respects as now established and organized.
"Articlk vin. Immediately after annexation, the Presi-
dent of the United States, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, shall appoint a commissioner, who shall
nroceed to Texas and receive the transfer oi the territory
thereof, and all the archives and public property, and
other things herein conveyed, in the name of the United
States. He shall exercise all executive authority m tarn
territory necessary to the proper execution of the laws,
until otherwise provided.
"Resolved, That the said articles are hereby deebnedto be
the fundamental law of union between the said United
States and Texas, so eoon as the supreme authorities of the
said republic of Texas shall agree to the same And it shall
be the duty of the President of the United State?, so soon
as he shall be officially notified of such agreement on the
nart of Texas,, to announce the same by proclamation.
"Resolved, further by the anthoi ity aforesaid, 1 hat-it is un-
derstood and intended that whatever was stipulated to be |
done immediately, or at a fixed period after the exchange
of said compact, shall be done immediately, or in a like pe-
riod after the supreme authorities of lexas shall ha\e for-
mally agreed to these resolutions."
And further declaring [sec. 2] the said articles
"to be the fundamental law of union ' between
the United States and Texas, as soon as the
supreme authorities of the said republic of Texas
a°ree to the same. And it shall be the duty of the
President of the United States, as soon as he shall be
officially notified of such agreement on the part of
Texas, to announce the same by proclamation.
And farther, [sec. 3,] "That it is understood and
intended that whatever was stipulated to be done im-
mediately or at a fixed period after the exchange of
said compact, shall be done 'mmtedla'ef!yT°Usashall
period after the supreme authorities of Texas shall
have formally agreed to these res^,ut10"3; , d
Which said loint resolution Air. Weller had
moved to amend^ by striking out all *l'er l>ie
ing clause, and inserting as a substitute that which
(entire) reads as fallows:
JOINT RESOX.UTION annexing Texas to the bmtecl
States. ,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
Unittd Slates of America in Congress assembled, That from
and after the passage of these resolutions, (the supreme au-
thorities of Texasuconcurring therein.) the territory now
known as the republic of Texas be, and the same is hereby,
annfeked to, and made a portion of, the territory of the
United States. , . , ,.
Sec. 2. And be it furthe) resolved, That the inhabitants now
residing upon the said territory, and within the limits ol
Texas,1shall be incorporated into the Union of the- United
States,' and protected in the tree enjoyment ol their liberty
and property, and admitted, as soon as may be consistent
with the principles of the federal constitution, to the enjoy-
ment of all the rights, privileges, and immunities of citizens
of the United {states. •
Skc. 3. And be it furthe j resolved, Thai the said territory
hereby annexed shall be known as the "Territory of Texas j"
and, until otherwise ordered, the laws of Texas now existing
shall remain in full foice; and all executive and judicial
ortlcers of Texas, (except the President, Vice Piesident. and
heads of department,) shall retain their offices, with all au-
tnority and power appertaining thereto, and the courts ol
justice there established shall, for the present, remain as
now organized.
Sec. 4. And be it further resolved, That all titles and claims
to real estate, valid under the existing laws ot Texas, shall
be deemed and held so by the government of the United
States. , ,
Sec. 5. And be it further resolved, That the public lands in
the said tenitory be, arid the same aic hereby, pledged for
the payment of the debt, however cieated, anterior to the
passag'e of these resolutions, for which the faith of the gov-
ernment of Texas has been given, amounting, as is sup-
posed, to ten millions oi dollais.
Sec. 6. And be il further lesolved, That commissioners
shall hereafter be appointed, under sUch restnetions as Con-
gress may impose, to examine attd repoit the claims which
may be presented against the government of Texas, in order
that the proceeds ol the public lands, as aforesaid, may be
applied to the extinguishment thereof.
7. And be it further msolced, That commissioners
shall hereafter be appointed, who shall establish the bound*
anes, and divide said territory in such manner andiorm as
Congress may direct.
Skc. 8. And be it further resolved, 1 hat as soon os the su
preme authorities of Texas shall signit) then approval ol
these resolutions, the same shall be deemed and held to be
the fundamental law ol the land.
Which said amendment Mr. Douglass had
moved to amend by striking out the piei-cdnig and
substituting therefoi a proposition, which, after sev-
eral modifications, is as follows:
Joint lesolution providing for the admission of Texas as a
State of the Union.
Be it ? esoh ed hy the Sniatu and House of lltj.reu vtulirt!,
of tht TTnited Slat** of Amaica in CongteH assembled, llm
the Congress doth consent that thetenitoiy nghtlully in-
cluded within the limits of Texas be erected into a new
State, by the nam© and style of Texas, with a republican
form of government, to be adopted by the people of lexas,
with the consent of the existing government, and be admit-
ted into the Union upon the iollowing conditions and guar-
anties: which, when adopted as aloresaid, shall be obliga-
tory as well upon the people ofTexas as upon the United
That said State bp formed subject to the adjust-
ment, by the government of the United States, ol all ques-
tions of boundary that may arise with other governments.
Second. That the constitution of said State of rexai, with
the pronei eMdence of its adoption bv the people theieot,
be transmitted to the President of the United States, that the
same raav be laid before Congie.ss at its next session.
Third. 'That Texas shall retain her public lands imn othei
public property, and remain, as at pietent, responsible lor
* Fount. Thai if, hereafter, with the consent of the legnla-
tnre of the State now proposed to be admitted, new Mates
be formed within the jurisdiction of said Mate, said new
States shall not e.\ceed three 111 number, m  '«/'> " t0 ' °
s^id State; ami such now States shall be admitted into the
Union with or without the institution ol slave)y, """
neonlp in each one of said states respectively may,
Hit
people in each one of said states respectively may, at the
time of their application to Congicss tor adnir sion, deter-
mine.
And the pending question \vaa first on the amend-
ment of Mr. Douglass to the amendment of Mr.
W eller.
Mr. RA.THBUN moved that the committee rise,
with a view, in the House, to move a call of the
House; but, after some conversation—the attendance
of members already being very full he withdrew
the motion. . ,
Tellers were asked, and, beinc; ordered, Messrs.
Cave Johnson and Winthrop were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 96, noes 107.
So the amendment of Mr. Dor<:L.v-s to the amend-
ment was rejected.
The question then recurring on the amendment ot
Mr Wfxler, (as above given,)
Mr. HAMLIN called for the reading & the
amendment; which was read,
Mr. H. moved an amendment, to add at the c.ose
of the section 2d of the amendment the following:
"And the terms on'whicli said territory shaU be admitted
as States into the Union shall be determined b>^Oongi ,>«
at the time of admission, in accordance with ihe conbtitu
tion."
Mr. REDING asked tor tellers; which were or-
^The question being taken on the amendment of
Mr. Hamlin to the amendment, it was rejected by
ayes 35, noes not counted, * .
The question again recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Welijsr,
Mr ELMER proposed to amend by substituting -
the proposition offered yesterday by Mr. Owen,
accepted by Mr. Douglass, and just rejected by the
committee, except the last fourlines, 111 lieu of which,
he inserted as follows:
"Win that one of the mid new States which shall be
firht admitted, and ill one other of thes said new Mates,
slavery or involuntary servitude, except for the punishment
of crimes, shall not exist."
The question being taken on the amendment of
Mr. Elmer to the amendment, it was rejected
ayes 16, noes not counted. #
The question once more recurring' on the amend-
ment of Mr. Weller, .
Mr. ROBINSON moved to amend the amendment
by striking out all after the enacting clause, and the
word "That," and inserting the following:
FThatl so much of Texas as may b<f embraced in an area
not exceeding that of the largest state m the Union, !andas
shall be described m the constitution to be adopted as herein-
alter provided, shall, oil the adoption ol a constitution by
the people thereof as a State, 111 accordance with the consti-
tution of the United States and of the proVisitnts of thi«act,
and on the tinnsmi«sion of such constitution to the Presi-
dent, on or before the 4th d?y ol July next, he, the
same is hereby, upon his proclamation thereol, admitted
as one of the States ol this Union.
Sn\ *2, And be it fuither resolved, I hat such constitution
shall contain a provision ceding to the United Mates the ju-
risdiction of the residue of the tenitory ol J exas, m which
slavery shall not exist, unless Congress shall ^herealtei so
deteimino by law; and tins act of admission  hall not be con-
strued to imply any a!>sumption of or intention on the part
of the "United Mat** to assume, now orhereaUcr.the debts, or
anv portion thereof, of Texas, or to impair the right ol said
folate to the soil ol the territory so to be ceded, or the right
ol the State of Texas to deb'insnie whether slaver} shall or
khdll not exist in s>aid State. , ..
Shr .'hut be it fuither icsolred, 1 hat until the next appor-
tionment of repiesentatives among the State*, the said btate
of Te.\«ih shall be entitled to tv,o senators and two repre-
sentatives in the Congiess. ,.
The question wats taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was itfjcoled-—ayes 40, noes not
The question recurring on the amendment of Mr.
Weller, . ,
Mr. BRINKERliOFF moved an amendment to
the amendment, to add to the second section (of Mr.
Wellkk's amendment, aw above) the following
proviso:
Pioiiihd, That as 8 fundamental condition of the annexa-
tion afoitbald, the existence of slavery shall be foiever pro-
hibiUd in one holftofall the annexed territory, to include
th«- west and noithwest pait thereol, and to be Determined,
as nearly ae nm> be, by o line running due noith.and south
thiough the torntoiy afoiesaid.
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was rejected by—ayes 46, noes not
counted. . , . , -
The question still recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Wellek,
Mr. BURKE moved to amend the amendment
by striking out all alter the enacting clause, and in-
serting the following:
That the Congress doth consent that the territoiy
known a* the republic of T".xas, and nghtlully belonging
to the same m.iy be elected into a new state, to re called
the state ol Te\a:>, with a republicaniorifl of_ government,
to be adopted bv the people oi said republic, jn such mode
as the dulv eon'ututed .nithouties thereol maj presenbe, in
older that the same ma) be adiniltedss one of the btate? ot
If it fix the eti'icted, Tlwt the constitu-
tion of the state of Te\&5 , with the proper evidence of its
adoption by the, people ol Texas, shall be tiaii&mitted to the
President of the United State*, to belaid before (.ongrets
lor its final action, on or before ths first day of J&imaiy one
thousand eisfhl bundled and foity-bix.
Sfc 3. And be itfnrthei enacted, 'J hat the aforesaid tern-
ton'may be divided into new States, not exceeding five in
number, and, bavins a sufficient population, may be admit-
ted into the Union undei the terms and provisions of the
tederol constitution: lf,ciidi<l, That such States as mav be
lormed out of that portion of *aid territory lying south Ot
thirtv-six degrees thutv minutes north latitude, commonly
known as the Mi^oun* compiomi-Ne line, shall be admitted
mco the Union, with or without ilavov}, a* the people of
each State asking admission maj desire.
SKf- 4. And b( it fmthn enacted. That the Piesident of
the United Stjtes, by and w ith the advice and consent of
the Senate, is hereby -authon/ed to adjust and settle all
questions lelating to the boundaries of said territory, which
mav arise with other governments
S',c. d. And he it jurther cnact'd. That said State, when
fdnntt^d into the I. nion, after ceding to the United States
all mines, mmeials, sail lakes and springs, and also all pub-
lic edihees, except her capital, couit-houses, jails, and
other building? adapted to State and county purposes; ana
all fortifications, barracks, poits, and harbors, navy and
navy-yards, docks, magazines, arms, armaments, and all
other property and means pertaining to the public defence
belonging to said republic of Texas, shall retain all the
public funds, debts, taxes, and dues of every land which
may belong or be due to said republic, and shall also re-
