CONCtRESSIOHAfc ftLOBE
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIYES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, INADVANCl^
28th Cong 2d Sess.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1845.
Volume 14....No. 13.
[Continued from No. 12.]
tain all the public lands lying within its limits, to be ap-
plied to the payment of the debts and liabilities of the said
republic of Texas; and the residue of said lands, after dis-
charging said debts and liabilities, may be. disposed of as
said State shall direct5 Proiided, that in no event shall said
debts and liabilities be assumed b3r, or become a charge
upon, the government of the United States.
Sec. 6. And be U farther enacted, That all questions,
claims, and disputes, in regard to land titles, arising within
the territorial limits of Texas, shall be adjusted, settled, and
decided by the courts and authorities of said State, subject
to the constitutional jurisdiction of the courts of the United
States.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the State of Texas,
when admitted into the Union, shall be entitled to two sen-
ators, and, until the next apportionment, to two representa-
tives in the Congress of the United States.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the foregoing con-
ditions and guaranties, when accepted by the constituted
authorities of Texas, shall be the fundamental basis of union
between said republic and the United States.
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was rejected—ayes 96, noes 111.
The question recurring on the amendment of Mr.
Mr. MILTON BROWN submitted the following
as an amendment to it: Strike out the amendment
of Mr. Weller to the original resolution and insert
as follows:
joint resolution declaring the terms on which Con-
gress will admit Texas into the Union as a State.
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives of'the
United States of America in Congress ascriuhled. That Con-
gress doth consent that the territory properly included
within, and rightlully belonging to the republic of Texas,
may be erected into a new State, to bo called the State of
Texas, with a republican form of government, to be adopted
by the people of said republic, by deputies in convention
assembled, with the consent of the existing government, in
order that the same may be admitted as one of the States of
this Union.
Sec. 2. And be further resolved, That the foregoing con-
sent of Congress is given upon the following conditions,
and with the following guaranties, to wit:
First. Said State to be formed, subject to the adjustment
by this government of all questions of boundary that may
arise with other governments; and the constitution Iheieof,
with the proper evidence of its adoption by the people of
said republic of Texas, shall be transmitted to the President
of the United States, to belaid before Congress for its final
action, on or before the first day of January one thousand
eight hundred and forty-six.
Second JSaid State, when admitted into the Union, after
ceding to the United States all public edifices, fortifications,
barracks, ports and harbors, navy and navy-yards, docks,
magazines, arms, armaments, and all other piopcrty and
means pertaining to the public defence belonging to said
republic of Texas, shall retain all the public fund4?, debts,
taxes, and dues of every kind which may belong to, or be
due and owing said republic; and shall also retain all the
vacant and unappropriated land? lying within its limits, to
be applied to the payment of the debts and liabilities of said
republic of Texas; and the residue of said lands, after dis-
charging said debts and liabilities, to be disposed of as said
State may direct; but in no event are said debts and liabili-
ties'to become a charge upon the government of the United
States. .
Third. New States, of convenient size, not exceeding lour
in number in addition to said State of Texas, and ha\mg suf-
ficient population, may hereafter, by the consent of said
State, be formed out of the territory thereof, which shall be
entitled to admission under the provisions of the fed< ral con-
'stitution. And such States as maybe formed out of that
portion of said territory lying south of thirty-six degrees
thirty minutes north latitude, commonly know a as the Mis-
souri compromise line, shall be admitted into the Union,
with or without slavery, as the people of each State asking
admission may desire.
Mr. DOUGLASS asked the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to accept the following as a modification of
his amendment, to come in after the last clause:
And in such States as shall be formed out of said ter-
ritory north of said Missouri compromise line, slavery or
involuntary servitude, except for crime, shall be prohibited.
Mr. M. BROWN accepted the modification.'
The question being taken on the amendment or
substitute as modified, it was decided in the affirma-
tive, ayes 109, noes 99.
The question was then taken on agreeing to the
amendment"as amended, and decided in the affir-
mative, ayes 110, noes 93.
• On motion by Mr. M. BROWN,
The committee rose and reported the resolution as
amended to the House.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON then rose and said: we
have so much business pending before Congress,
andso short a time left to do it in, that I hope the
House will now sanction the previous question, and
put an end to this agitating question. I therefore
move the previous question.
The question was put on seconding the previous
question, and decided in the affirmative, ayes 107,
noes 97.
The question, "Shall the main question be now
put?" coming up,
Mr. BRiNKERPIOFF called for the yeas and
nays; which, were ordered.
Mr. STETSON wislied to know if the vote now
taken would prevent the taking the yeas and nays
on a proposition to restrict slavery in this tern-
tory.
The CHAIR said it would not if the proposition
should be in order.
The vote was then taken, and the question was
decided in the affirmative, yeas 113, nays 10G, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arrington, Ashe, Atkinson,.Bayly, Uel-
ser, Bidlack, Edward J. Llaclv, James Black, James A.
Black, Blackwell, Bower, Bowlm, Boyd, Brndhead, Aaron
V. Brown, Milton Brown, William J. Brown, Burke, Burt,
Caldwell, Campbell, Shepherd Gary, Reuben Chapman,
Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Clinch, Clinton. Cobb,
Coles, Cross, Cullom, Daniel, John YV. Davis, Dawson,
Dean, Dellet, Douglass, Dromgoole, Duncan, Ellis, Farlee,
Ficklin, Foster, trench, Fuller, Hammett, Haialson, Ha> b,
Henley, Holmes, Hodge, Hopkins, Houston, Ilubard, Iiub-
bell, Hughes, Charles J. ingersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy,
Kiikpatnck, Labianchc, Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin, Maelay,
McClernand, McConnell, McDowell, McKay, Isaac E.
Morse,Murphy, Newton, Norris, Owen, Parmenter, Pavnr,
Pettit, lJe) ton, Emery L) Potter, Pratt, David S lleid,
Rolf, Rhett, Ritter, Roberts, Russell, Saunders, Senter,
Simpson, Slidell, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robcit
Smith,jStctniod, Stephens. S.iles, James W. Stone, Alfred P.
Stone, Strong, Sykes, Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker,
Weller, Wentwoith, Woodward, Joseph A Wright, Yancey,
and Yost—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Baker, Bar
ringei, Barneid, Benton, Brengle, Brmkorhoff, Jeremiah
Brown, Buftmgton, Carpenter, Jeremiah E Caiy, < anoll,
Catlin, Causin, Chilton, Clingtnan, ColUmer, Cranston,
Dana, Darragh, Garrett Davis, iSiehuid I). Dovis., Cvboiiy,
Dickey, Dillingham, Dunlap, Elmer, Fish, Flonence, Tool,
Giddings, Goggip, Willis Green, Bynun Green, Grmnell,
Gnder, Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, Edward S Hamlin, llaidm,
Haiper, Herrick, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Jnmc? 1J
Hunt, Joseph K Ingersoll, frvin, Jenks, Perley 15. Johnson,
John P. Kennedy, Preston King, Daniel P. King, Lyon,
MeCauslen, ,Mc( lclland, JMcllvuino, Maish, Mathews, I'd.
J. MorriH, Joseph Morris, Fieeman 11 Mor-c, Mo-^ylj , .\es
Paterson, Phcurux, Pollock. Eh>h  R. Potter, I'uMon,
I'urdy, Ramsey, Rathbun, Rayner, Reding, Robinson, Rock-
well, Rodney, Rogers, St. John, Sample, Schenck, Sev-
erance, Thomas 11 Seymour, l)-i\id L. Seymour, Simons,
Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Spenoe, Stetson, Andrew
Stewait, John Stewart, Summeis, Thomasson, 'Iilden,
Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Withered, "Wheaton,
John White, Bemamin White, Williams, Wintluop, and
William Wright—106.
So the main question was ordered to be now
put.
The SPEAKER announced the next question to
ue on agreeing to the amendment of the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. JOHN STEWART called for the reading of
the joint resolution.
The Clerk read it accordingly.
?>'Ir. VINTON called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. ELMER rose and said he wished to be ex-
cused from voting, and for that he would state his
reasons. He was favorable—
The SPEAKER interposed and said the limit to
which the gentleman was confined was very nar-
row.
Mr. ELMER said he ineiely wished to state that
he was in favor of the admission of Texas to this
Union, and would be willing to vote for such a
proposition if it were brought before the House in
a reasonable shape.
The SPEAKER again reminded the gentleman
that the limit to which he must confine himself was
very narrow.
Mr. ELMER continued. But under the previous
question they were cut off from taking the yeas
and nays on any amendment. [Loud cries of
"order order."] He wished to be excused because
he was' called upon to vote for a piopontion which,
in another shape, he should be in favor of; but he
had no opportunity of taking the sense of the House
by yeas and nays on an amendment by whieh he
desired to make a reasonable compromise on the
subiect of slavery so as to exclude that institution
from a part of the territory. [Loud cries of "order."]
He thought this was a sufficient reason for desiring
to be excused from voting, but having made that
statement he now withdrew his application.
^Mr^HOUSTON inquired if he could not now
move that the gentleman from New Jersey be
excused, for he had given a sufficiently cogent rea-
S°The SPEAKER said that such a motion would
not be in order.
The question was then taken by yeas ana nays,
and resulted thus—yeas 118, nays 101:
YEAS—Messrs. Arrington. Ashe, Atkinson, Bayly, Bel
ser Biiilaek, Edward J. Black. James Black, James A.
Black, Blackwell, Bower, Bowlm, Bojd, Brodhead, Aaron
V Brown, Miiton Brown, Vvilliam J Brown, Burke, Burt,
Caldwell, Campbell, Shepherd Cary, Reuben Chapman,
Augustus A. Chapman, Cha^pctl, Chncli, Cliriton Cobb,
Coles, Cross, Cullom, Damex, Jolin W. Dttvib, Dawson,
Dean, Delict, Douglass, Dromgoole, Duncan, Lllis, iarlee,
I icklm, Foster, French, Fuller, Hammett, Haralson, Rajs,
Henley, Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubaid, Hul-
bell, Iluffhes, Chailes J. ingersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, Oeorge W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy,
Kirknatiick, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas, Luropkins, Lyon,
Mac lav IlcClernand, McConnell, McDowell, McKay,
Mathews, isaao E. Morse. Murphy, Newton, Norris, Owen.
Parmfnter, Pavnc, Tettit, To}ton, Kmery D. Pottnis Pratt,
David S It eld, Itelie, Elictt, Enter, Roberts, Russell,
Saunders, Senter, 'X homas H Seymour, Simons, Simpson,
Shdelt John T Smith, Thomas Smith. Robert Smith,
Ktceurod, Stephens, John Stewart, Stiles, James W.
Stone, Alfred V. Stone, Strong. Sykes. Taylor -Thomp-
son, Tibbatls, Tucker, Vciter. ■Wentworth, Woodward,
Joseph A. Wright, Yoncej , and Yost-US.
N AYS—Mesus. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Eaker, Bar-
rinn'er Barnard, Benton, Brengle, Biinkeihoft", Jeremiah
Blown, Buffmgton, CVrpentcr Jeremiah F.. Cary, Carroll,
Catlm C'ausin, Chilton, Clmgman. Collamer, Cranston,
Dana Darra°'h, Garrett Davis, Ricnard D. Davis, Deberr) ,
D'ckev Dillingham, Dunlap, Elmo, Vish. Florence, Foot,
(/uUVigs Oo^gin. Willis Oieen, By ram Green, Grinnell,
Glider Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, tdw. S. Haralin, Hardm,
Harper Ileirick, Hudson. "Washington Hunt. James B.
Hunt Joseph U. Ingersoll, Irvm, Jenks. Perlev 11 Johnson,
. . „ 1 -i ,• _ ir:, r. n->v,-,ol - — - ' "
Pollock, KIMia il. Potior, Preston, Pnrdy, Ramsey, Rath-
bun llayvier, lle-ling. Robinson, llockwdl. Rodney, Ro-
acrs' St. John, Sample, Schenck, Severance, David L.
S('})poiu% Albeit Smith, Caleb B Smith, Spcnce, Stetson,
\iulrow Stow ait, Summers, Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler,
Vance, Vanmetcr. Vinton, "Wethered, Wheaton, John
Vv'hil<\ Benjamin White, WiJlmms, Wmthiop, and William
Vuglit—101.
So the amendment of the committee was concur-
ed in.
The SPEAKER stated the next question to be
on the engrossment of the bill for a third reading.
Mr. "WJlNTIIROP called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered,and resulted thus—yeas 319,
nays 97:
YEAS—Mc^rs.-Arlington, Ashe, Atkinson, Bayly, Bel-
sjor Biulaek. Kdward J. Black. James Black, James A.
Black, i lac!c\vell, bower. Bowlin, Boyd, Brodhead, Aaron
Y. Brown. Milton Brown, Wiiiiam J. Brown, Bufke, Burt,
Caldw ell, Campbell, liliejdicrd Oary, Reuben Chapman, Au-
ous tus A Chapman, Chappell, Clinch, Clinton, Cobb,
Cole?, Cross, Cullom. Daniel, John W. Davis, Dawson,
Duon.' Dcllot, Douglass, Diomgoole, Duncan, Ellis,
Failec Fioklm, Foster, French, Fuller, Hammett, Haral-
son, Hov*, Hotj1c3, liolnics. Ho^r, Hopkins, Houston-
Hubanl/ IlublvJi. Hughes. ( hatles J. Irtsersoll, Jameson,
Ca\e Johnson, Aiulu'w Johnson, Cieoi^c ~\V. Jones, An-
drew Kennedy, Knkpatriek, Ljbraneiio. Leonard, Lucas,
Lumpkin, Lyon. McCanslen, Maclay, McClernand, McCon-
ncll, McDowell, McKay. Mathews, Joseph Morris, Isaac
K Alorsc. ?vlurph\. Newton. Norris, Owen, Parmenter,
Payne, I'eUit, Pej ton, Kmery D. Potter, Pratt, DavidS.
Jleid, llelie, Rhett," Hitter, Jloberts, Russell, Saunders,
Senter, Uhouias 11. Sejioour, Simons, Simpson. Slidell,
John T. Sio.ih, Thomas Smith, "Robert Smith, Steenrod,
Siepheiw, Joii.i Stewart, Stiles James W. Stone, Alfred P.
Stone, btiona;, Sjkes, I'&ylor, Thompson, Tibbatts,
Tucker, >\'eliei, W'entwoith, Woodward, Joseph A.
Wns^ht, Yancey, and Yost—110
NA \ S—-Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Baker, Bar-
rn:2;er, Barnaid, Benton, Brengle, Brmkerhoft', Jeremiah
P.nnvn, Buftln^ton, Jeremiah E. Cary, Carroll, Catlin, Cau-
sin, Chilton, Clingman, C-ollamer, Cranston, Dana, Darragh,
Garrett Davis, 11. D. Davis, Deberry, Dickey, Dillingham,
Dunlap, Elmer, Msh, Bloience, Foot, Giddmgs, Goggin,
Wilha (ireen.Byram Green, ^Urinnell, Grider, Hale, Han-
nibal Hamlin, Edward S. Hamlin, Hardin, Harper, Her-
nck, Hudson, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph
JL Ingersoll, In m, Jenks, Ferlcy B. Johnson, John
P. Kennedy Preston King, Daniel P. King, McClel-
land, Mcllvamc, Marsh, Edward Joy Morris, Free-
man IT. Mor^e, Moseley, jNc-s, Paterson, Phcemx, Pollock,
ELshd R. Potter, Pieston, Purdy, Ramsey, Rathbun, Rayner,
Reding, Robinson, Rockwcll, Rodney, Rogers, St. John,
Sample, Schenck, Severance, David L. Seymour, Albert
Smith, Caleb 13 bmith, Stetson, Andrew Stewart. Summers,
Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton,
Wethered, Wheaton, John White, Benjamin White, Wil-
liams, Wmthrop, andWjlUam Wright—97.
