194
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
So the joint resolution was ordered to be «n-
The' resolution was read a third time by its title.'
Mr. STEWART of Connecticut called for its
reading entire; which was read.
And the question being on its passage,
Mr. JAMESON called for the previous question;
which was seconded, and the main question was or-
dered.
On this question Mr. BRODHEAD asked the
yeas and nays, which were ordered; and being ta-
ken, resulted—yeas 120, nays 98, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arrington, Ashe, Atkinson, Bayly, Bel-
ser, Bidlack, Edward J. Black, James Black, James A.
Black, Blackwell, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Brodhead, Aaron
V. Brown, Milton Brown, William J. Brown, Burke,
Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Shepherd Cary, Reuben Chap-
man, A. A. Chapman, Chappell, Clinch, Cobb, Clinton,
Coles, Cross, Cullom, Daniel, John W. Davis, Dawson,
Jwan, Dellet, Douglass, Dromgoole, Duncan, Ellis, Far-
lee, Ficklin, Foster, French, Fuller, Hammett, Haralson,
Hays, Henley, Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard,
Hubbell, Hughes, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jameson, Cave
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George "W. Jones, Andrew
Kennedy, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas, Lump-
kin, Lyon, McCauslen, Maclay, McClernand, McConnelJ,
McDowell, McKay, Mathews, Joseph Morris, Isaac E.
Morse, Murphy, Newton, Norris, Owen, Parmentor, Payne,
Pettit, Peyton, E. D. Potter, Pratt, David S. Reid, Kelfe,
Rhett, Ritter, Roberts, Russell, Saunders, Senter, Thomas
H. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Slidcll, John T. Smith,
Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stephens, John
Stewart, Stiles, James W. Stone, Alfred P. Stone, Strong,
Sykes, Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller,
wentworth, Woodward, Joseph A. Wright, Yanccv, and
Yost—130. '
^ NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Baker, Bar-
ringer, Barnard, Benton, Brengle, Brinkerhoff, Jeremiah
Brown, Buffington, Carpenter, Jeremiah E. Cary, Carroll,
Catlin, Causin, Chilton, * Clingman, Collamer, £Cran
ston, Dana, Darragh, Garrett Davis, Richard D. Da-
vis, Deberry, Dickey, Dillingham, Dimlap, Elmer, Fish,
Florence, Foot, Giddings, Goggin, Willis Green, Byram
Green, Gnnnell, Grider, Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, Edward S.
Hamlin, Hardin, Harper, Herrick, Hudson, Washington
Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph R Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks,
Perley B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Preston King, Dan-
iel P. King, McClelland, Mcllvame, Marsh, Edward J.
Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Moseley, Ncs, Patterson, rhu>
nix, Pollock, Elisha R. Potter, Preston, Purdy, Ramsey,
Rathbun, Rayner, Reding, Robinson, Rockwell, Rodney,
Rogers, St. John, Sample, Schenck, Severance, David
L. Seymour, Albprt Smith, Caleb B Smith, Stetson, An-
drew Stewart, Summers, Thomasson, Tildcn, T\ ler, Vance,
Yanmeter, Vinton, Wethered, Wheaton, John White!
Benjamin White, Williams, Winthrop, and William Wueht
—98.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. JAMESON moved the reconsideration of the
vote just taken on the passage of the resolution, and
called for the previous question, under the operation
of which the reconsideration 'was negatived.
Mr. HOPKINS moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. GIDDINGS asked if it was too late to move
an amendment of the title.
The CHAIR said it was too late, the title having
been announced by the Chair, and the House hav-
ing assented to it.
Mr. HOPKINS withdrew the motion to adjourn,
and moved a reconsideration of the vote on agreeing
to the title; and under the operation of the previous
question, the reconsideration was rejected.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions, presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. BRINKERHOFF: The petition of citizens of Lo-
raine county, Ohio, praying an appropriation for the im-
provement of the harbor at the mouth of Black river, on
Lake Erie: referred to the Committee on Commerce
By Mr. RITTER: A petition Irom widow Elizabeth Ly-
on, of Hamburg, Berks county, Pennsylvania, for relief.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Ilenry B. Parri<di,
John Dowluig, and 50 other citizens of Montgomery coun-
ty, Ohio, praying for an appropriation for the C umberland
road.
By Mr. DANA: The affidavit, &c. of James Crawford, in
relation to his application for a pension: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. BAKER: The remonstrance of Samuel H Peck-
hara and 79 other legal voters of the town of Iloyalston,
Massachusetts, against the annexation of Texas to the Uni-
ted States: referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
By Mr. RAMSEY: The petition of Daniel Kendig, Ste-
phen Atherton, and 60 other citi/.ens of Danphiu count),
Pennsylvania, asking an amendment of the naturalization
laws.
By Mr. EMERY D. POTTER: The petition of Hon
Benjamin Bisscll and others, members of the eomtand bar
of Lake county, Ohio, asking for a division of the Stale of
Ohio into two judicial districts for the United States court,
to be called the northertf and southern districts: referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. SLIDELL: The petition of the Mexican Gnlf Rail-
road company, for permission to purchase a ccrtain tract of
public land: referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. ALFRED P. STONE: The remonstrance of 53
^embers of the Ohio legislature against the division of Ohio
into two judicial districts, and to remove the district and
circuit court of the United States from Columbus to Cincin-
nati and Cleveland: referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
By Mr. SHEPHERD CARY: The petition of F. Giffrey,
Henry Johns, and others, for the erection of a light-house
upon Allen Point, m the town of Gouldsborough, Maine:
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of Michael Johnson, of
Glens Falls, Warren county, New York, praying for relief:
referred to the Cornmitte of Claims.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of C. Walker, and
numerous other merchants of Chicago, in favor of a harbor
at Galein, Michigan: referred to the ^Committee on Com-
merce.
By Mr. ELMER: The petition of Daniel Haines and <27
other members of the bar of New Jersey, praying Congress
to provide for distributing the reports of the decisions of the
Supreme Court of the United States to the superior courts,
the executive, and the public libraries of the several States,
and to our diplomatic representatives abroad, free of ex-
pense.
Correction.—In our hasty notice of the re-
marks of Mr. Ellis in the House of Representatives
last evening we spoke of his advocating the "prin-
ciples of free trade." We should have limiled the
remark to internal trade. His observations were not
applicable to foreign commerce, Had the whole
speech been given, the mistake would not have been
made.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 27, 1845.
Mr. FOSTER presented the credentials of the
Hon. Damei, S. Dickinson, elected by the legisla-
ture of New York a senator from that State to fill
the unexpired term of the Hon. Nathaniel P. Tall-
madge. He was qualified, and took his seat.
Also, presented the credentials of the Hon. John
A. Dix, elected by the legislature of New York a
senator from that State to fill the unexpired term of
the Hon. Silas Wright; which being read, he came
forward, and was qualified.
ANNEXATION OP TEXAS.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by the hands of their clerk, Mr.
French, announcing the fact of the..passnge, by that
House, of the joint resolution for the annexation of
Texas to the United States, and asking the Senate
to concur therein. Subsequently the above resolu-
tion was taken up, read twice, and, on the motion of
Mr. ARCHER, referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Navy Department,
transmitting statements from all the bureaus of con-
tracts made by that department during the year 1844.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting statements prepared by the Sec-
ond Comptroller, showing the balance of appropria-
tions for the service of that department remaining in
the treasury for the fiscal year ending July 1,1844.
Mr. CHOATE presented the credentials of the,
Hon. Daniel Webster, elected by the legislature of
Massachusetts a senator from that State for six
years from the 4th of March, 1845; which were
read and ordered to be placed on file.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, it was ordered that
the memorial of John P. Skinner and the legal repre-
sentatives of Isaac Green, praying that a sum of
money recovered of them as sureties of Thomas
Emerson, late a pension agent, may be refunded, be
taken from the files of the Senate and committed.
- Mr. MILLER presented resolutions of the legis-
lature of New Jersey, requesting the senators and
representatives from that Suite to use their best ex-
ertions to procure the distribution by Congress of
the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States to the executives and legislatures of the States,
and to the Territories.
Mr. MILLER made some remarks, concurring
heartily in the object of the resolutions. These de-
disions (he said) contained the best exposition of
the constitution and laws of the United States, and
should be placed m the hands of all the legislatures
of the States. He alluded to the practice in New
Jersey of distributing, under State authoiity, of the
decisions of the State courts, and he did not see any
reason why the general government should not do
the same thing with reference to the decisions of the
Supreme Courts The were (he said) in the habit
of spending millions of dollars in printing and dis-
tributing the laws and proceedings of the legislative
branch of the government, whilst they had not ex-
pended a dollar, except for the payment of the salary
of the reporters of, the decisions, towards informing
the people of the decisions of the Supreme Court.
The reports of the decisions are made, but kept
under the lock of that officer, except some few co-
pies, which are obtained "on private account. The
resolutions were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. PEARCE presented resolutions passed by
the general assembly of the State of Maryland, of
the same import as those presented above by the
senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Miller.]
Mr. P. said the practice in Maryland, as to the
distribution of the decisions of the State courts, was
the same as that of New Jersey. The resolutions
were read, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BREESE presented a memorial from the
judges and members of the bar of the State of Illi-
nois, praying for a general distribution of the deci-
sions of the Supreme Court of the United States: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a remonstrance from
250 citizens of Albany, New York, against the an-
nexation of Texas to the United States: referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. D. gave notice that he would, to-morrow, ask
leave to introduce a bill concerning the district
and circuit courts of the northern district of New
York.
Mr. DAYTON presented a memorial signed by
William Pennington and others, members of the
New Jersey bar, praying for a general distribution
of the decisions of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States: referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. BREESE presented a petition from Jenil
Root and 222 others, citizens of Peoria county, Illi-
nois, praying for reform in the judiciary, and for the
abolition of the common law: referred to the Judi-
ciary Committee.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from a
number of citizens of Alleghany county, Pennsyl-
vania, asking Congress to fix a uniform rate of post-
age on letters of two cents on each letter for any dis-
tance. Laid on the table, the bill being before the
Senate.
Also, presented a memorial of a number of citi-
zens of Beaver county, Pennsylvania, asking the
Senate to oppose any measure for directly or indi-
rectly annexing Texas to the United States: referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ARCHER presented a petition from citizens
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, asking for
reform in the naturalization laws: referred to the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. CHOATE presented a petition from the
American Statistical Association, praying Congress
to distribute to them annually copies of its legisla-
tive documents: referred to the Committee on the
Library.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a petition from
Thomas Downey, asking for the correction of an
error in the survey of the public lands in the district
surveyed by David Hillis: referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Ohio, praying Congress to take immediate
measures for the construction of a canal around the
falls of St. Mary's: referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Mr. ALLEN presented a petition from Eugene
Pardee, and a number of other citizens of the coun-
ty of Wayne, Ohio, expressing the desire that the
Congress would extend the laws of the United
States over the Oregon Territory, and organize a
territorial government in that country: read, and or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted the following resolu-
tions; which lie on the table one day, under the
rule:
Rpsoh'etl, That the Secretary of the Treasury cause to be
prepared a collection of the instructions whicli have issued
since the 17th August, 1838, either by the Secretary of the
Treasury or the Commissioner of the General Land Office;
together with the official opinions of the Attorney General
and the Solicitor of the General Land Office, on questions
ansing under the land laws since the above period.
RcmIum!, That the Secretary of the Senate cause the gen-
eral public «u:ts of Congress, passed since the second'ses
sion of the twenty-fifth Congress, respecting the sale and ^
the disposition of the public lands, together with, the in-
structions and opinions mentioned in the foregoing resolu-
tion, be printed for the use of the Senate, like the former
work on the same subject; and to cause fifteen hundred co-
pies extra to be printed and furnished for the use of the
Senate.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which numerous memorials and resolu-
tions upon the subject of amending the naturaliza-
tion laws were referred, so as to extend the period
