CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of probation of foreigners, and the resolution of
the Senate instructing the committee to inquire into
the proceedings under the naturalization laws, re-
ported a bill to amend the naturalization laws of the
United States; which was read, and ordered to be
, printed, and the report accompanying to be printed.
[The bill does not extend the probationary period
, beyond five years' residence in the United States,
and one year in the State, under certain guards, to
entitle a foreigner to a certificate of naturalization
and a right to vote.]
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
made an adverse i-eport in the case of James Arnold,
asking for a pension; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Also, reported back from the same committee,
without amendment, the bill for the relief of David
Currier.
Mr. WOODBURY said a memorial was present-
ed to the Senate last session from the National In-
stitute, and reported favorably upon, which he
moved be taken from the files, and, with the memo-
rial from the same institution he then presented, be
referred to the committee having charge of the sub-
ject before. Agreed to.
Also presented a memorial numerously signed by
John H. Smith and other citizens of Dover, New
Hampshire, praying for the annexation of Texas to
the United States: referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the report
(from the Navy Department) of the board of ex-
aminers to make experimental trials of inventions
and plans for preventing the explosion of steam-
boilers, was ordered to be taken from the files of the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. WOODBRJDGE presented a memorial from
sundry masters of vessels and others navigating the
northwestern lakes, residents of Erie, Pennsylvania,
praying Congress to make an appropriation of
money forjthe removal of obstructions from the St.
Clair flats: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. WOODBRIDGE, leave was
f anted to withdraw from the files the petition of
ugene E. D. Smith, for an increase of pension.
Mr. JARNAG1N, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, made an adverse report on the
petition of the heirs of Nathaniel Ashby, an officer
of the revolution, praying for commutation pay;
which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, made adverse
reports on the petition of Frances Edmonds, the
widow of D. Enoch Edmonds, for commutation
pay; the petition of Sally Bass, the daughter of
Dr. Charles Parteur, for compensation for his ser-
vices; the petition in the case of the heira of
Thomas G. Peachy, praying indemnity for property
destroyed during the revolutionary war; which re-
ports were severally ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committeee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, reported back, with some
amendments, the joint resolution for a more correct
accountability of the public property.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the petition of passed
midshipman John P. Randolph, praying extra com-
pensation for services performed as lieutenant, re-
ported a general bill providing for officers similarly
circumstanced, entitled a bill to amend an act enti-
tled "An act making appropriations for the naval
service for the fiscal year ending the 30th June,
1845;" which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the petition of
John Carter, praying for the passage of a law to
bring certain slaves into the District of Columbia,
was ordered to be taken from the files and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. FOSTER of Tennessee gave notice that he
would, to-morrow, ask leave to bring in a bill in re-
gard to the naval depot at Memphis, Tennessee.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Huntington,
on Thursday last, came up, and was agreed to as
follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed to
inquire into the'expediency of providing, by law, that no
person designated as assistant collector or clerk, shall exer-
cise any of the powers, or perforfh any of the duties of col-
lector of the customs,,or in any manner act officially for or
in behalf of such collector; and that no person shall exer-
cise such powers, or perform such duties,wlio shall not pre-
vious thereto have given bonds, with surety, to the accept-
ance of the Secretary of the Treasury, and also have taken
and subscribed an oath or affirmation for the faithful per-
formance of all such powers and duties as may be exer-
cised or performed by him for and in behalf of such collec-
tor.
The following re solution submitted by Mr. Jarna-
gin, or Thursday last, came up for consideration,
viz :
Resolved, That the Secretary ofWardnform the Senate
what contracts have heretofore been made for the removal
of the Choctaw Indians remaining west of the Mississippi;
that he furnish a copy of all such contracts,- whether and
advertisements were made of the intention, of the govern-
ment to make such contracts; and what amount of money
has been been advanced to contractors; when, and to whom;
and whether or not there is any contract, agreement, or un-
derstanding that the contractors are to have any additional
allowance for ferriages, or other causes; and, if so, what;
and, also, what steps have been taken by the contractors
for the removal of the said Indians.
Mr. J. said he understood a similar call was made
by the other House, and that a report was made,
which was satisfactory to him. He therefore moved
to lay the resolution on the table: agreed to.
The engrossed bill for the relief of Joseph Sim-
mons was read the third time and passed.
Mr. HUNTIEGTON, on leave, introducod a bill
explanatory of the act making appropriation for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of government for the
year 1839.
Mr. HUNTINGTON remarked that the judicia-
ry had decided that the provision of the law of 1839,
which this bill was intended to explain, took away
the right of the importer to recover back moneys, or
to try the question of right to recover back moneys,
in any court of law or equity in any State of the
Union, paid as duties on goods to the collector, under
protest; and that this bill was intended to give the
right to the importer to maintain action at law
gainst the collector, or other person acting as collector,
to ascertain and try the legality and validity of the
demand for the payment of duties on goods, wares,
and merchandise, {which arc not authorized to be
paid, in part or in whole, by law.
Mr. WOODBURY remarked that the proviso ot
the law of 1839 alluded to was not intended to bar the
right of the importer to maintain a suit at law for the
recovery of duties illegally collected, but to prevent
the money thus oollected from laying in the hands
of the collector.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said that such he knew
was the intention of the law, and to give the power
money illegally collected when that fact was estab-
lished.
The bill was then read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
POST OFFICE REFORM.
On motion of Mr. MERRICK, the previous orders
were postponed, and the Senate bill to reduce the
rates of postage, to limit the use and correct the
abuse of the franking privilege, and for the preven-
tion of frauds on the revenues of the Poet Office De-
partment, was taken up as in committee of the
whole, and read by its title.
Mr. MERRICK said that the bill under consider-
ation was a matter alike interesting and important;
exciting therefore not less attention on the part of
members of both Houses of Congress and of the
people of the United States, than any other measure
now pending or likely to be committed to the con-
sideration of Congress during the present session.
Standing in the relation in which he stood, as the
author of the bill, and also as chairman of the com-
mittee having charge of the business of that particu-
lar department of the government, it was probably
expected ofhim that he should make a brief explana-
tion of the principles which had governed that
committee m their deliberations appertaining to the
bill which he had submitted to the consideration of
the Senate.
He had remarked that this was a subject of very
general importance and deep interest to the whole
community. There would be room, were he dis-
posed or did he possess the power, to dilate very
amply on the general principles of the post office
system. It was a most important implement in the
hands of civilization, especially of a republican peo-
ple. There would be room to dilate in reference to
the utility of the diffusion of science, the promotion
of morals, and all those great benefits resulting from
the intercourse of mind with mind. But all this he
passed as entirely familiar to those whom he now
addressed. He desired ts> confine his considerations
simply to practical matters of business. Although
he might be tedious and somewhat prolix in ex-
plaining all the details which it would be neces-
sary to refer to, yet he trusted he should be
heard with that indulgence which it was the general
courtesy of this body to exhibit upon all questions
involving the interests of the country. He passed
by all that field which would open upon a man who
was disposed to indulge in rhetorical flourishes. It
was sufficient to know, that the great utility of the
Post Office Department was well understood by the "
framers of the constitution, and was well understood
by all those whom he addressed. And because of
its being so well understood by those who framed
the constitution, we find in that sacred instrument
that the power, over this department of the public
service is exclusively vested in Congress. It was
known to all who heard him, that this power on the
part of Congress to control this system, had of late
been called into question in some quarters of the
country; and he would simply refer to the reason
of the exclusive grant of this power by the consti-
tution, and why it should be preserved. _
. None but Congress could exercise jurisdiction co-
extensive with this institution, to make it efficient
in its adaptation to all those changes which natu-
rally result from progressive civilization, and the
increase of population. Unity in the control of the
post office arrangements of the country was all im-
portant. This was the express grant of the consti-
tution; and there was no ground whatever to con-
test the right of Congress to exercise exclusive and
absolute control over the operations of the post
office system. To prevent all interference from in-
dividual and private interests with its operations,
was the object of this grant; because these opera-
tions could not be efficient in their utility without
an exclusive control on the part of the Congress of
the United States. Possessed, then, as Congress
was—and as he would assume—of the exclusive
control, for these wise purposes, over the
post office arrangement of the country, what be-
comes its duty? Possessing the power, it must
feel the the force of correlative duty to exercise that
power to the end for which it was granted—that is,
to the end that the system should be made efficient;
that it should be made coextensive with the wants
and wishes of the country; that it should grow with
the growth of the country; that it should spread
with the spread of our population; and that every
nook and corner of this country should be visited
by its operations; that it should shed light and in-
formation to the remote frontier settler, as well as
to the inhabitant of the populous city or densely
populated districts. This was the correlative duty
pointed out by the wise framers of the constitution.
Possessing this power and bound by this duty, let
him ask gentlemen to consider in what condition
was this system now found to be? It was found
failing of its end—found operating in direct conflict,
with the interests of the people of the country—
found stripped of its efficiency. It was found that
the people of the country were deprived of its ad-
vantages. The operations of the system, as it ex-
ists, had become odious, and the subject of com-
plaint everywhere—particularly in the most popu-
lous parts of the country; and it was found impos-
sible to carry out the extensions called for by the
wants of the people, because of the deficiency in the
revenues of the Post Office Department produced by
private competition in everyportion of the popu-
lous parts of the country. The rates of postage
were complained of by a large portion of the people
as being inordinately high, and therefore oppres-
sive and onerous. The abuse of the franking privi-
lege—an abuse which could notbe denied—was just-
ly bringing into odium and disrepute the whole sys-
tem; and that odium and disrepute, attaching itself in
first instance, to the system, was found now reflect-
ing strongly upon those endowed with this privi-
lege. All portions of the country were complaining
of the injustice and inequality of the operations of
the present post office system in this—that the bur-
den is thrown upon those who pay for the support
of this establishment—that one portion of the people
are taxed for the advantages received by another.
These were some of the existing evils which so
loudly called for reform, and which were the sub-
ject of so much complaint. The system, then, was
found to fail in its object—its operations being
crippled and inefficient, and becoming unpopular and
odious—producing corruption—destroying the abil-
ity to carry it on, under the existing laws, as it
should be carried on. These being the effects of the
present post office system, what became the duty of
Congress? To inquire first into the existence of
these evils—that they do exist none can deny—to
inquire then, whether they were evils of a nature
which could properly ana effectually be removed;
and at the same time reserve the power of rendering
the establishment efficient, if it should be found that
those evils were capable of being removed; and, if
