196
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Congress possessed the power to remove these evils,
it would of course acknowledge* its obligations to
remove them and render the system effective.
But the question presented itself then, how was
this object to be attained? How, admitting that Con-
gress was bound to reform the system—admitting
thfljefils which' were enumerated, and which were
not to be denied—admitting the obligation which
the national legislature was under to reform and cor-
rect those evils, and to adopt a post office system
which would accord with the state of things which
has brought about this great change—how was that
reform to be reached, and how were the laws to be
properly adapted to the altered state of things?
Upon this subject there was a great diversity of
opinion. Many schemes had been suggested, and
many different views were entertained on the
subject. This diversity of opinion, although it
might seem to embarrass, would not, he trusted,
have that effect, but would only serve to throw
light in the path. Some objected to the mode by
which the revenue necessary to support this im-
portant establishment was raised; and it was grave-
ly argued by some—though a few only, he trust-
ed—that it was not right or proper that the post
office establishment of the country should be made
to depend upon revenue derived from the service
rendered, or otherwise upon its own revenue for
support, but should rather he thrown upon the gov-
ernment, by contributions or appropriations made
annually from the general treasury of the country.
To this proposition he was very far from being
willing to consent; and he hoped and believed it
was not likely yet that such a proposition would
find much favor here. What would be the effect of
throwing the Post Office Department upon the gen-
eral treasury as its reliance for means to carry itself
on? In the first place, vast expansions would take
place. It would be subject to all the fluctuations in-
cident to the condition of the treasury of the United
States, which all knew were great, and constantly
recurring. At one time, as now, the general treas-
ury is suffocating from plethora; and at the very
next season probably suffering from inanition. In
seasons of plethora, the Post Office Department de-
pending upon appropriations from the general treas-
ury, is it not obvious to every mind that it would be
inordinately expanded in its operations? that indi-
viduals, actuated by motives of interest, would en-
ter into, and assist in the disgorging of this redun-
dancy? The expansion would be inordinate, and
beyond the just wants of the public for such ser-
vice. If there be a redundant treasury, why should
it be got clear of by applying it particularly to this
service? Corruption would soon be seated in this
department of the government.
Then let a season of inanition come—let a time of
distress, and failing and deficient revenues, come.
The post office service having, at the time of a redun-
dant revenue, been suddenly expanded, and its ex-
panse increased from four or five millions of dollars
to eight or ten, by unwise and indiscriminate exten-
sions, what would be the consequence of this defi-
cient revenue? The appropriations necessary to
carry on this service would absorb one-third or
one-half of the public revenue from other objects,
and other wants of the country. And was it not
apparent that, when this state of things would come
to exist, the same indiscriminate reductions would
ta&e place after the indiscriminate extensions; and
the service would be destroyed—its utility, its value,
and efficiency entirely crippled, and this change
would be in proportion to the change which had ta-
ken place in the condition of the public treasury?
Such would be the consequences of leaving the
Post Office Department to depend upon the treasury
for its support.
The wisest and best policy was to leave it to de-
pend upon a tax, well regulated and justly appor-
tioned, upon the service rendered by that department;
and charge the individual using that service accord-
ing to the amount of direct benefit received from it.
This would be most effectually accomplished by so
arranging the post office rates as to have for that
service a sufficient amount of revenue to defray its
expenses; and there would necessarily be a uni-
form and regular progression in the revenue, co-
equal with the increase of population, the re-
sources of our country, and the increase of wealth.
It was known to all, that population, wealth,
and commercial interests, beget correspondence.
If the post office rates, then, be fixed so as
to conform to the wants of the country, and de-
fray the expenses of the department, the increase
pf wealth in the country—its increasing wants for
service ofthat kind—would insure asteady, uniform,
and coequal support to the department, and to the
spread of its advantages in those portions now thin-
ly populated, which was westward. Westward,
then, would soon be the support of this revenue.
Find the proper rate coextensive with the increase
of population, and fix it there now, and the institu-
tion will grow and spread as the population grows
and spreads westward, and in its progress will go
on and spread with them, following in the march of
civilization, till it shall have reached the banks of
the Columbia river and the shores of the Pacific
ocean, and will prosper even there. By no other
means, and by no other mode of obtaining the rev-
enue necessary to defray the expenses of the Post
Office Department, could there possibly be secured
so uniform and regular a growth of this department
and service as by fixing the rate at a reasbnable and
proper standard, which would give it a revenue al-
ways increasing as the population of the country
increases?
It was a great and sacred principle in a republican
government, that all citizens of the republic should
contribute towards the defrayment of the expenses
of the government, in just proportion to the benefits
derived from the operations of that government.
Wow, adopt that principle in relation to the post of-
fice interest of the country—in relation to the rais-
ing of a revenue necessary to defray the expenses of
that department or branch of the public service, and
by taxes upon each citizen in just proportion to the
benefits received, and this admirable and excellent
principle of equal justice is strictly carried out, at
least as strictly as It was possible to carry out any
general principle.
He therefore trusted that this proposition, which
had lately been broachcd in the country, and which
he had remarked upon here more with a view to the
springing up elsewhere of similar schemes, would not
find favor. He alluded to the proposition to support
the Post Office Department by appropriations from
the general treasury of the country. He trusted it
would be dismissed as one unworthy of considera-
tion, and would soon pass away everywhere. It
was incompatible with the principles of equal jus-
tice.
He had gone fully into this subject, because there
was another principle which had got abroad, which,
if followed up, would attain the same result. In
fact, he looked upon it as the same thing in dis-
guise. He alluded to the proposition of making
such a sweeping reduction of our rates of postage
as would assimilate them to the new penny rate
of the English post-office system. It was assumed
by some gentlemen that there was no other way of
putting down the competition which was daily and
hourly destroying the revenue of our Post Office
Department, but by meeting that competition di-
rectly, and establishing so low a rate of uniform
postage as would drive out all competition. Now,
he would ask, what occasioned this private compe-
tition? Was it not cupidity—the thirst of gain—
not the motive of public good' This cupidity nat-
urally grasped at the same profitable sources—the
profitable routes—which alone could enable the
department to effect the public good on other routes,
which, instead of being a source of profit, occa-
sioned great losses, and constituted the mam items
of unprofitable expense. On these expensive and
losing routes there was no competition. The great
injury was done on the profitable routes, and to
them alone competition co.ifined itself. The result
of an excessive reduction of postage would be, not
only to augment the losses on the unprofitable
routes, but to make those routes which now would
be profitable enough to sustain the others, hut for
private cupidity, also losing loutes; so that, in effect,
such an excessive reduction as that to two or three
cents, would come to the same thing, practically, as
the proposition of throwing the department as a
burden on the treasury for its chief support. This,
he was satisfied, no material portion of the members
of either House of Congress would sanction. The
services of the Post Office Department were not to
be, like those of private competing individuals, ac-
tuated by the cupidity of gain. The public service
was a thing far above the mere consideration of
dollars and cents, and such an arrangement for its
efficacy should be made as would enable it, by a
just tax for duty performed and value given, to dif-
fuse its benefits to the remotest bounds of our ter-
ritory—to spread those benefits far and wide through
every subdivision of the country. Legislation in
regard to it must comprehend the whole; and that
only can be effected by sueh a nice adjustment of
its source oi revenue as will enable it to sustain
itself in its unprofitable operations by the ad-
vantages of its profitable routes. Now,' he held,
that no matter how low the rates of postage might
be reduced, the department could, not compete with
private individuals on these profitable routes, with-
out the power of laws to sustain its just monopoly.
He was also aware that no such laws can be op-
erative, unless they are sustained by public senti-
ment. The first thing then to be done, was, to gain
over this public sentiment, by yielding at once to
its reasonable demands. The universal complaint
of the whole country was, that the present rates of
postage were entirely too high. A reduction was
demanded from all quarters. He concurred in all
this with the public sentiment. Was it any wonder,
that, while such opinions prepailed, private enter-
prise should be encouraged, and all laws for infringe-
ment on the government monopoly should become
inoperative? Meet the public demand for a reason-
able reduction of the rates of postage to a just and
equitable standard, and you at once enlist public
sentiment in favor of sustaining the restringent pro-
visions of law nccessary for maintaining the depart-
ment in the diffusion of its public advantages.
The existing dissatisfaction in regard to excessive
postage'arose in 1840; and then private cupidity be-
gan its "operations. Up to that period the revenue
of the Post Office Department had kept pace, im-
proving in the same ratio that the population in-
creased. The annual increase of the one was near-
ly at the same rate per cent, as that of the other.
In that year the inroads of private expresses began
to be felt on the profitable routes. Up to the present
period the consequence has been an annual diminution
of 5 per cent, in the revenue of the department, in-
stead of an annual increase, as contrasted with the
growth of the population. The Postmaster Gen-
eral states that the income of the department
fjr the last year, fell short of its expenses
some fifty-nine or sixty thousand dollars,
although every possible reduction of ex-
penses had been most sedulously resorted to.
The rates of contracts had been reduced to the low-
est degree consistent with the efficiency of the ser-
vice. In every other branch of the service the most
rigid economy had been adopted, in order to meet
the deficiency of revenue occasioned by private com-
petition. Yet, in spite of all these exertions, there
was a deficiency of $60,000. Such a state of things
could not be suffered to exist longer. Congress
should now interpose. The Post Office Committee
had weighed all these things, and the result of its
mature deliberation was the bill reported to the Sen-
ate and now under consideration.
The bill proposes to fix the rate of postage at five
cents for single letters not exceeding a quarter of an
ounce, carried any distance not exceeding one hun-
dred miles; and for greater distances, ten cents. It
was ascertained from the statistics of the depart-
ment, that half the revenue from letter postage was
derived from letters carried one hundred miles, and
the other half from those carried a greater distance;
hence an average between five and ten cents—being
seven and a half cent?—would represent the average
rate of the bill for the entire letter correspondence of
the United States and Territories.
To ascertain upon what number of lelteis the
committee might compute this average for the time
to come, it was deemed necessary to go back be-
yond the period at which the effect of private com-
petition was beginning to be felt. And the report
of the department, made in 1837 for the year 1836,
presenting data that came nearest to the steady aver-
age increase of foi mer periods, it was selected as
the basis of calculation. It was found that, in 1836,
the number of letters passing through the mail was
29,360,092; that is, paid letters, independent of
franked letters. Had there been no private compe-
tition, the increase proportionate with the annual in-
crease of population would make the number for
the past year 42,572,433.
A further increase was to be anticipated from the
reduction of postage. The increase of letters in
England and Ireland since the adoption of the pen-
ny-postage system, had been five fold; but as the
committee did not propose so sudden and conside-
rable reduction as had taken place in England and
Ireland—the present bill proposing only the reduc-
tion to one-half of the existing average—it was not
deemed safe to calculate as a certainty upon any
considerable increase m the number of letters, in
consequence of this reduction. Indeed, the commit-
tee kept from all calculations of a sanguine nature,
and felt more disposed to underrate .than to over-
