CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rate, the probable increase, believing it to be much
safer to legislate so as to produce a result more fa-
vorablethan less favorable to the anticipations of an
experiment of such a radical nature as that pro-
posed. With these views, the committee consider-
ed it entirely safe to calculate upon a probable in-
1 Crease of 20 per cent., in consequence of the re-
duction of the average rate of postage to one-half.
When the probabilities of this increase were all
takep into account—the diminution of private com-
petition—the certainty that many letters now sent
by hand would be sent by mail—the natural in-
crease of correspondence from increase of popula-
tion and cheapness of postage—it was but a very
moderate computation to estimate the increase at
20 per cent. This increase on 42,572,433 letters,
would give the whole number of letters, under the
new rates, at 51,000,000, in round numbers, yield-
ing a revenue, at 71 cents, of nearly $3,830,000.
Add to this one-half of the present receipts for
drop-letters, the postage on newspapers and pam-
phlets, and the postage chargeable to the government
departments onrtheir correspndence, and there would
be an income of $4,499,358, being within $642 of
the four and a-haif million of dollars of revenue,
which the Postmaster General says is necessary to
sustain the department, and enable it to meet the
growing wants of the country in regard to the ex-
tension of its services.
Having now entered upon statistical details, he
would briefly refer to some calculations made in his
report accompanying the post office bill of last year.
Mr. M. read portions of the report which showed
that, with 20,000,000 of population, the correspond-
ence of the United States passing through the mail
only amounted to 27,000,000 of letters; whilst in
Great Britain and Ireland, with a population of
27,000,000, the number of letters is 204,000,000.
By our late census it appears that 5,892,806 of
our population of free white persons over
twenty-one years of age can read and write;
whilst in Great Britain and Ireland there are
7,155,169—that is, one-third of our population can
read and write, and only one-fourth of the British
population. Now, this calculation, if not absolute-
ly true, is relatively true—that is, the proportion of
persons in the United States who can read and
write, compared with that of Great Britain and Ire-
land, is as one-third of our population to one-fourth
of theirs. Hence 27,831,036 letters for the corres-
pondence of the United States, would be 4{f letters
for every person in the Union capable of reading
and writing; whereas in Great Butain and Ireland,
204,000,000 of letters passing through the post office
give 28| letters for every individual of the popula-
tion capable of reading and writing.
Now, he (Mr. M.) held that it was impossible
such a disparity could exist; and he therefore main-
tained that the fact must be that, in this country,
much the largest proportion of its correspondence
was carried by private hand, and by private ex-
presses. Hence it was quite obvious that, if any
means could be devised of getting the whole, or the
largest portion, of the correspondence of the coun-
try into the post office mails, the revenue of the de-
partmental the average rate of postage in the pro-
posed bill, would be ample, and more than ample,
for its support, and the reasonable extension of its
opeiations.
From this data, he inferred that the proposition
was a safe one; and that if the bill was passed with-
out injurious alterations, there could be no doubt of
its proving a most successful experiment.
He invoked gentlemen not to attempt any change
of the distance fixed in the bill for demarkation be-
tween the two rates of postage. To extend the low
rate of 5 cents beyond 100 miles would seriously
affect the prospects of success. Even to push it to
150 miles would be exceedingly dangerous; while
to go to 200, much less than to 300 miles, as pro-
posed in the other House, would insure its total
failure. If any such alterations were attempted,
he would give up all responsibility for the measure.
Having said so much on the general principles,
he would now proceed to explain the bill by taking
up its provisions seriatim) 5
[Here it was observed that Mr. M., who had
spoken two hours, was much exhausted, and the
usual hour of adjournment being at hand,]
Mr* HUGER, with-,the assent of the senator
from Maryland, said he would move that the Sen-
ate go into executive session.
Mr. MERRICK said he would hot object if the
bill could oe passed over informally And taken up to-
morrow as the unfinished business first in order on
' the general orders.
. The CHAIR said by general assent it would be
so considered.
The bill was accordingly passed over informally,
and the Senate proceeded to the consideration of ex-
ecutive business; and after some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 27,1845.
The journal having been read,
Mr. ELMER presented the resolutions of the
legislature of the State of New Jersey in favor of a
distribution of the reports of the decisions of the
Supreme Court of the United States; which resolu-
tions were referred to the Committee on the Judici-
ary.
OREGON TERRITORY.
Mr. A. V. BROWN moved to suspend the rules
for the purpose of going into Committee of the
Whole on the Oregon bill.
Mr. VANCE appealed to the House to devote
the morning hour to the consideration of private
claims.
Mr. BROWN had no objection to devoting the
morning hour to such business, provided the Ore-
gon bilf could be taken up immediately afterwards.
Some further conversation occurred when the
question was put on Mr. A. V. Brown's motion,
resulting in ayes 69, noes 37.
No quorum voting, Mr. FICKLIN moved a call
of the House.
Mr. W.J. BROWN suggested the propriety of
another count, as a number of gentlemen had since
come in; enough, in his opinion, to make a quorum.
Mr. HOUSTON asked for the yeas and nays on
Mr. Brown's motion, the calling of which would
bring in a quorum.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Dickins, their secretary, stating that that body had
passed a bill to establish the Smithsonian Institu-
tion for the diffusion of knowledge among men; in
which said bill they asked the consent of the
House.
Mr. BURKE asked the unanimous consent of the
House to refer this bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; but objections
being made,
The yeas and nays were then ordered; and
The question was put on suspending the rules,
and decidcd in the affirmative—yeas 113, nays 40,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arlington, Atkinson, Bar-
ringer, Bayly, Bclsor, Benton, Bidlack, James A. Black,
Blackwell, Boyd, Brmkerholi', Brodhead, Aaion V Brown,
Milton Brown, William J. Blown, Buftington, Burke,
Burt, Carpenter, Shepherd Cary, Reuben Chapman, Cobb,
Cullum, Dana, Daniel, John W. Davis, Dean, Dillingham,
Douglass, Dromtrooie, Duncan, Elmer, Fickliri, French,
Fuller, By ram Green, Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, Hammett,
Haialson, Hardin, Hays, Henley, Hopkins, Houston, Ilun-
gerford, James B Hunt, Charles J ingersoll, Irvin, Jame-
son, Jenks, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W.
Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Preston King. Daniel P. King,
Labranche, Lucas, Lumpkin, Maciay, McClelland, McCler-
nand, McConnell, McDowell, McKay, Edward J. Morris,
Joseph Morris, isaac E. Morse, Murphy, Parmenter, Petit,
Polluck, Pratt, Purdy, Rath bun, David S. Reid, Reding,
Jtelfe, Rhett, Ititter, Roberts, Russell, St. John, Sample,
Saunders, Thomas II. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, John
T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith,
Stcenrod, Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles, James W. Stone,
Strong, Syk".s, Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Weller, VVent-
worth, Wheaton, Williams, Woodward, Joseph A. Wright,
and Yancey—113.
N'A v's—Messrs Abbot, Baker, Brengle, Carroll, Chil-
ton, Cranston, Deberry, Dickey, Florence, Giddings, Gog-
gin, Grinnell, Hudson, Washington Hunt, John P. Kennedy,
Mcllvaine, Marsh, Moseley, Taterson, Peyton, Pho-'nix,
Preston, Rockwell. Rodney, Senter, Severance, Albert
Smith, Andrew Stewart, Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler, Vance.
Vanmeter, "Wethered, John White, and Wm. Wright—40
So the House resolved itself into a Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Weller
in the chair.)
Mr. S. CAREY asked if the land bill was not first
in order.
The CHAIRMAN replied that it was.
Mr. A. V. BROWN moved that that bill be laid
aside, that the Oregon bill might be taken up.
Mr. DOUGLASS suggested that, before they en-
tered upon the discussion of the Oregon bill, they
should dispose of the bill authorising the purchase
ofGreenhow's history of Oregon, California, and,
the other northwest territory. He therefore asked
the committee to take up that subject, for the
information which that book contained was neces-
sary to the members, that, they might rightly under-
stand the subject involved in the Oregon bill.
Some conversation ensued between Messrs.
SAMPLE, A. THOMPSON, C. JOHNSON, and
some others; when the vote was taken on laying
aside the land bill for the purpose of taking up this
bill to authorise the purchase of Greenhow's history.
The tellers (Messrs. Sample and McDowell) re-
ported 101 in the affirmative. The negative was not
taken, and the bill was.taken up and read.
Mr. DUNCAN complained that there was so
much confusion in the House that they could not
understand what was going on. Those who were
opposed te the laying aside of the Oregon bill had
not voted, and he called for another division.
The CHAIRMAN said the bill had been taken
up without the negative being taken, no objection
being made to that course.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said, to test the sense of the
committee, he would move to lay aside the bill now
pending, for the purpose of taking up the Oregon
bill.
On this motion the vote was taken by Messrs.
Sample and McDowell, as tellers, who reported 23
in the affirmative, and 82 in the negative. So the
bill was not laid aside.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said that he did not rise
for the purpose of objecting to the purchase of the
book which it was proposed to buy. He had but
little doubt that it was a valuable work, and should
buy it when it came into market for himself. He
did not oppose the purchase of this book more than
any other. He objected to the system of book-
buying, which Congress had recently adopted. The
abuses which it had led to were so numerous as to call
upon the House to put an end to this mode of help-
ing ourselves to several hundred dollars each year
in addition to our pay. He did not desire to occu-
py the time of the House in discussing this ques-
tion. He desired to present to the House a few
facts, which he hoped would induce the members of
the House to abandon this system, and if they did
not, that the people might see the facts, and he was
sure they would put an end to it. Mr. J. read a
list of appropriations made within a few years
past:
For Ingersoll's Digest ... $530
Journals of Congress - - 18,000
Do do - 2,700
Livingston's Code - 2,000
Land Laws ... 22,500
Register of Debates - 17,000
Elliott's Debates ... 3,250
Diplomatic Code ... 400
Gordon's Digest ... 3,000
Watterston's Statistics - - 1,500
Diplomatic Correspondence - 31,300
Register of Debates - - 18,882
Commercial Regulations - - 11,700
Do do - 5,883
Gordon's Digest ... j§q
Davis's Laws of the District - 1,500
Watterston's Statistics - - 2,650
Peck's Trials . - - 3,105
History of the Bank - - 2,360
Silk Manual - 1,000
Diplomatic Corrrespondence - 21,017
Journals .... 10,890
American State Papers - 221,770
Do do do - - 15,006
Madison Papers ... 36,000
Documentary History - - 20,000
Madison Papers ... 5^00
Appropriation the 26th June, 1836,
for the purchase of a part of the
above .... 44,490
Same act - 15,500
By resolution of 27th January,
1838 - - - . 48,960
By resolution of 18th May, 1842 - 52,343 46
By resolution of 3d March, 1843 - 47,162
,650 46
I11 addition to this sum, Mr. J. said that a resolu-
tion of the last session had passed, directing the
purchase of a portion of the preceding books
and the Congressional Globe, which, he understood,
would cost near one hundred thousand dollars,
for which no appropriation was made at the last
session; and he presumed a bill would be brought
forward before the close of the present session.
He understood a large number of the books had
been delivered to members, notwithstanding 110 ap-
propriation had been made, and of course no pur-
