198
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
chase made by the Clerk. But little less than a
million of dollars expended in the purchase of books
for distribution within a few years. A large pro-
portton-of these books he thought useless, and their
publication, or rather the purchase of them, seem
designed to benefit the printers as much as to in-
form members of the House.
Mr. J. commented on the price usually paid by
Congress, which was enormous; mentioned one of
the volumes of the Documentary History costing
over eighteen dollars per volume; and the American
State Papers between thirteen and fourteen dollars
per volume. He had understood, also, that many of
the members of the House, after the delivery of the
books, were in the habit of selling them to the
booksellers about the city for less than half price,
and these booksellers kept therri ready to resell to
the next Congress, for the supply of the new mem-
bers. He thought this state of things was intolera-
ble, and he hoped the members of the present Con-
gress would put an end to it. He repeated that his
objection was not to the book now sought to be
purchased, but to the practice.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON wished to offer an
amendment, which was read, providing for the re-
scinding of the resolution of the House of June 14,
1844, directing the clerk of the House of Represent-
atives to furnish each member of the House such
books as were furnished the members of the 26th
and 27th Congress, &c.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the amendment
was not in order.
Mr. JOHNSON gave" notice of his intention to
take an appeal from the decision of the Chair; but,
previous to that, he wished to make a remark or
two. He thought it was time, as was expressed in
his amendment, that this matter should be put an
end to. He argued that there was no difference be-
tween members voting themselves five or six hun-
dred dollars additional pay, and voting that amount in
books. He knew an instance m which a member
had got the books ordered, and sold them for §150.
The government paid this enormous price; members
then sold them at this greatly-reduced price, and
put the money into their pockets; the next Congress
ordered them for its members, and paid this same
excessive price to those booksellers who had thus
bought them of the members who did not care
enough for them to take them home. He urged
that no public benefit resulted from these purchases of
books, as they were taken home and deposited in
the private libraries of members. If this practice
was to continue, what was it to cost the Union? He
was informed by a gentleman investigating this sub-
ject, that it had already amounted to nearly a mil-
lion of dollars. It was true this practice was put an
end to.
Mr. J. appealed from the decision of the Chair;
but after some conversation, withdrew the appeal.
Mr. DOUGLASS said if he had supposed this bill
would have occupied as much time, he should not
have called it up. His object in it had been that it
was believed by members that this work was neces-
sary for the discussion of the Oregon question. He
was opposed, with the gentleman from Tennessee, to
buying books unnecessary for their action here; but
he denied that there was any connection whatever
with this proposition to enlighten both branches of
the government upon this important question,
and these appropriations to which thegentleman ob-
jected. The gentleman from Tennessee spoke of
an appropriation of $100,000 on this subject. It
could not possibly exceed $3,000; and he argued
that they had as much right, and the same reasons
for this publication as for their usual publications of
the President's message, the report of the commis-
sioner on patents, &c. By this publication, they
might save territory enough beyond the Rocky
mountains to form three or four States. He appre-
hended that that very book contained documents
showing our title to the whole of Oregon, as far as
54° 40\ and which could be found in no other book
accessible to the members of this House. He
argued that it was a proper expenditure, and neces-
sary in order that Congress should act intelligently
on this subject. He hoped this bill would be per-
mitted to be laid aside to be reported, that they might
proceed immediately to the discussion of the Oregon
question.
Mr. THOMPSON wished to give his reasons, in
. a few words, for the support of this resolution.
He had voted with the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Cave Johnson] against these books, and he
would go with him in support of a resolution, if he
would offer it, inquiring whence these books came
that they were receiving, and against appropriating
tor their payment. But he considered that the pub-
lication of the past history of the government, and
all its archives, was a very different thing from
voting for the proposition before the House, which
contained valuable information in relation to Oregon.
The people of the United States believed our title
clear to 54° 40' north latitude, and they knew that
the history which contained this information was
carried through a series of documents, from 1763
to this day, which it would take gentlemen three
months to investigate. He wanted this publication
for the same reason that they wanted the President's
message, because he wanted the House and their
constituents to know the actual state of public
affairs.
He moved to lay aside this bill, and take up the
Oregon bill. 1
Mr. A. V. BROWN argued that this information
was necessary, and that it was proper to procure a
suitable number of copies of this work for the
libraries of the two Houses and of Congress; but
he was opposed to procuring them for individual
members for their own private libraries. If the
gentlemen would modify this bill, as he had now
suggested, it would pass without objection.
Mr. DROMGOOLE gave notice of his intention,
when they arrived at the proper place in the bill, to
move an amendment to strike out the clause pro-
viding for the distribution among the members of
the House of these hooks.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL was understood to say
that this book was a book which would not obtain
a general sale; and unless they took the proposed
number, or some reasonable number of copies, he
would not be reimbursed for lus expenses on this
work.
Mr. SCHENCK, after a remark or two on the
question before the House, desired to know of the
chairman of the Committee on Engravings when
they were to hear from that committee on the sub-
ject of the map of Texas ! [Laughter.]
Mr. MURPHY should vote for this work on the
same ground precisely as he had voted for printing
the map ofTexas, for the purpose of obtaining in-
formation with reference to this territory, lie did
not think that this came within the abuses of which
his friend from Tennessee had complained. This
was an enlarged edition of a work once printed by
Congress, but containing much additional valuable
information. He sent to the cleric's table, where it
was read, the memorial of Mr. Greenhow, showing
what the work was, and the circumstances under
which it was written.
Mr. WINTHROP addressed the committee in
favor of the resolution. In reply to the gentleman
from Tennessee, he observed that if it be a sin to
have offered the resolution last session for the pur-
chase of books, he pleaded guilty. He did offer the
resolution, but it was at the instigation of gentlemen
who had an interest in it, he having no interest
whatever, having received his share of the books,
which the resolution contemplated giving to those
gentlemen who had not received them. He should
be sorry, however, to have it said that he had offer-
ed a resolution about the m jrality of which he had
any doubts; and he therefore desired to say that he
did not object to the call of the yeas and nays, and
would not object now. He did not support this
resolution on the ground solely that it was necessa-
ry to furnish information to the members of the
House on this important question. He supported
it on the broad principle that it was the interest of
the country, and the duty of Congres to patronize
great works connected with the history of the coun-
try, and with great and important measures which
are the subjects of legislation. The honorable gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Dromgoolk] had, at an
early period of this session, offered a resolution for
the publication of the works of the venerated Madi-
son, and he would give his hearty assent to it, and
hoped that it would be published and distributed,
not only to the members of the two Houses of Con-
gress, but to the colleges and State libraries of the
country. So, also, a resolution had been offered in
the other House for the publication of the works of
Alexander Hamilton, for which he would gladly
vote to give as extensive a distribution. There too
was the history of the Exploring Expedition—an,
expedition which had cost the government a million
and a half of dollars—of which only ninety copies
had been published. He thought it the duty of
Congress to publish and distribute that work also;
for ne held it to be a national object to patronize
great works in relation to the history of the country,
the progress of the arts, tad in regard, to important
measures depending on the legislation of Congress,
But it was said that it was selfish for members to
purchase books for themselves. Was it
when they fixed their own per diem, or gave them-
selves the documents that were daily .necessary for
the transaction of business? Were not some fifteen or
twenty bound volumes of documents sent to each
member after his return home? For his part he had no
hesitation in letting his constituents know th&t he
voted for books for himself, and for distribution,and
that he took home with him his own oopies, where
they would be at their service when they wanted to
refer to them.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to amend the bill, so
«s to simply provide for the purchase of 100
copies of the work, to be deposited in the library of
Congress. Mr. D. made a few explanatory obser-
vations which were not fully heard by the reporter.
Mr. SIMONS offered an amendment to the
amendment, to insert after the words "one hundred,"
"an appropriation of two dollars to each member to
purchase a copy with." Mr. S. said that this amend-
ment would unable every member to purchase a copy
who was unable to do so at his own expense. For
his part he wanted the book, and should purchase
a copy for himself, not wishing to get one at the ex-
pense of the treasury. He did not expect his
amendment to pass, nor to get the yeas and nays on
it; and he had offered it with the design only of ex-
pressing his views on the subject.
Mr. E. J. BLACK was opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Daosi-
goole,] because it would be impracticable to carry
it out. There were two hundred and odd members
of the House who wished to get all the information
they could on this important subject, and would,
therefore, be anxious to refer to tliis book. Now,
how were they to do it if only one hundred copies
were purchased and deposited in the library? To
accommodate them all, it would be necessary for
two and a half members to read one copy. This
would be exceedingly embarrassing, for one member
might want to read it in the evening, while the other
might want to read it in the morning. The propo-
sition could not therefore be carried into effect.
As to the proposition of the gentleman from Con-
necticut, (Mr. Simons,] he presumed that the gen-
tleman oflcred it more in jest than in earnest, anu he
should therefore say nothing about it. He should
vote for the bill as it lay on the table, and he would
cheerfully do so because ho wished to show to the
peculiar friends of Oregon that he intended to stand
by them on that subject. After the glorious result of
Saturday, on the passage of the bill for the annexa-
tion ofTexas, he was ready to go cheerfully for'the
occupation of Oregon. He would also go for the
resolution, because he confessed that he was partial-
ly in the dark in regard to our title to Oregon, as
well as various other subjects connected with it; and
he wanted such information as would enable him
conscientiously and understanding^ to give his vote
in conformity with the honor and interests of the
country. In conclusion, he asKed permission to say
a word or two in relation to the resolution which had
been offered this morning. He well remembered
that ever and anon a debate had sprung up at every
session on this subject of purchasing books for mem-
bers; but he would say to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. C. Johnson] that he had not gone to
the root of the evil. The gentleman said that it was
an, outrage—a robbery of the treasury; but was it
worse than the supplying members with other per-
quisites which they had been in the habit of receiv-
ing time immemorial? Was not the gentleman in
the daily receipt of three newspapers? How many
knives had he worn out in the public service? Had
he not one in his pocket at that very time? And if he
had he called on him to rise in his place and show
it.
Mr. B. went on to say that the document furnish-
ed valuable information, without which gentlemen
could not act understanding^, and information
which they could not get in any other way than
by passing the bill before the committee. When it
was first proposed last winter to publish the works
of Alexander Hamilton, he determined that ha
would not vote for it; but since he came to know the
doctrines maintained by that distinguished states-
man on the subject of the tariff, he did not know
but he would go for the publication. He would
ask gentlemen on the opposite side, if they were
willing to carry out the doctrines of Alexander Ham-
ilton on the subject of the tariff. He asked them
to mark the fact that Alexander Hamilton proposed
