CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. HOPKINS moved its reference to the Com-
tiiittee on Accounts; which was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS moved a suspension of the
rules to enable the House to receive reports from
standing committees.
The SPEAKER said that motion was not neces-
sary, the reception of \eports being the regular busi-
ness for the morning hour.
Mr. J. "W. DAVIS then called for the regular or-
der of business.
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman from In-
diana that there was a question pending which would
take precedence. It was the question on the Rhode
Island memorial.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS moved the postponement of
that matter.
After-some conversation by Mr. HAMLIN and
the SPEAKER on a point of order,
Mr. W. HUNT moved to amend the motion, so
as also to include resolutions which do not give rise
to debate.
Mr. DAVIS accepted the amendment as a modi-
fication of the motion.
The question was taken, and being decided in the
affirmative, the rules were suspended for the recep-
tion of reports from committees, and of resolutions
which do not give rise to debate.
The committees were accordingly called in order
for reports.
Mr. VANCE, from the Committee of Claims, re-
ported bills of the following titles:
A bill for the relief of Jacob L. Vance, of Ohio.
A bill for the relief of Charles R. Allen, of Rich-
mond, Virginia.
Which were read the first and second time, refer-
red to the Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, adverse reports in the cases of Charles
Townsend, Andrew Waggoner and Derrin Farrer;
which were laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. VANCE, the same committee
were discharged from the further consideration of
certain petitions, and they were otherwise referred.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Joshua Shaw.
Also, a bill for the relief of John B. Converse.
Both which bills were referred to the Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
EASTERN AND WESTERN HARBORS AND
RIVERS.
Mr. McCLELLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill making appropriations
for the improvement of certain eastern and western
harbors.
Also, a bill making appropriations for the im-
provement of the navigation of certain rivers there-
in mentioned.
Both which were referred to the Committee of
the Whole House on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, the Senate bill for the appointment and pro-
motion of revenue officers, (placing them on an
equality with naval officers.)
Mr. McC., with a word of explanation of the
bill, asked its immediate passage, in accordance with
the opinion of the committee.
Mr. SLIDELL moved to refer it to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union; which
was disagreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN wishing to debate it, it was laid
aside to take its place on the Speaker's table.
Mr. LABRANCHE, from the same committee,
reported an amendment to the general appropriation
bill, makihg an appropriation for the custom-house
at New Orleans; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOLMES, from the same committee, report-
ed a resolution for the printing of 5,000 copies of
the report of the Secretary of State in reply to a
resolution of this House of March 3, 1843, calling
for information in relation to the consular returns of
imports into foreign countries.
After a word of conversation between Messrs.
HOLMES and A. STEWART, by general consent
the question was taken, and the resolution was
agreed to.
On motion of Mr. P. KING, from the same com-
mittee, the committee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of certain memorials; and they
were referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
Mr. DUNLAP, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back, without amendment, Senate
bill for the relief of Wm. Russell and others.
Also a bill for the relief of Williamf Ellery and
others.
Also a bill for the relief of the owners and crew of
the schooner Door.
Also a bill for the relief of Daniel Grant, Seth
Grant, Israel P. Stone, and Emely Pinkham, own-
ers of the fishing schooner James and Henry, of
Cape Porpoise, Maine, and others.
Also a bill for the relief of Barnabas Baker, jr.,
and others, owners of the schooner Union, of Den-
nis, Massachusetts.
Also a bill for the relief of acting owner and
orew of the fishing schooner Two Brothers.
Also a bill for the relief of the owner and crew of
the schooner Florilla.
Also an amendatory bill for the relief of Joseph
Holmes and others, owners and legal representatives
of the schooner Industry.
Which bills, with the reports accompanying them,
respectively, were severally read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of the whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to provide compensation to
certain registers and receivers in Florida for special
services, and prescribing the fees to be received by
all such officers in other cases: referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. D., said committee was dis-
charged from the further consideration of certain
petitions in relation to the Wabash and Erie canal;
and they were referred to the Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union.
Mr. D. also presented the following letter from
Wm. J. Stone, engraver in this city: referred, with
the accompanying maps, to the Committee on En-
graving.
Washington City, Jan 22,
Sin: Having just finished engraving the plates, lrom
which the maps attached to the report of the Commissioner
of the General Land Oihce aie to be printed for the Senate,
i take the liberty of submitting to you the accompanying
impressions, which are all that belong to the report, except
that ol'Flonda, which will be finished to-morrow. Should
it be desnable to procuro impressions lrom the plates for
the use of the House, 1 can furnish them immediately.
An. impression appeals to prevail, (lrom some cause to me
unknown,) that heretofore the House have paid for engia-
ving as well as printing, when the Senate plates have been
used. This, 1 can assure you, is not the. fact, Jn no in-
stance, when the .Senate plates have been used lor the
House, has any charge been made other than foi paper and
printing, and that at a price not higher than paid by indi-
viduals* m this and other cities lor similar work. To ptint lor
the Senate aud House, despatch is all-important, that the
er.gravr may not retard th<  prompt deliver) of documents
ordered to be printed, to cited which, it is requisite tube
properly prepared, and to work day and night, which mate-
rially increases the expense to the contiactor—still the
price paid has been in reierence to day work.
It must be admitted that there have been great discrepan-
cies in prices paid, for which I am not accountable. My
prices have been regulated as above stated, and were only a
reasonable equivalent lor the service rendered. 1 have
been, and still am, extremely anxious to hate my acoeunts
strictly examined, and have repeatedly icquestedlh*5s lavoi
If there is any member of the House who thinks my charges
have been greater than the)' should have been, and he will
examine the subject, I will pledge myself to equalise my
charges with those paid by individuals forsnmlor work; and,
should it appear that f have been overpaid, I will immediate-
ly refund ever) farthing so appearing. I am desirous of con-
tinuing my profession m Washington no longer than it can
be pursued with honor and profit.Vrom the repeated errone-
ous statements, (made out of the House,) it has almost be-
come disreputable to be in any way concerned m furnish-
ing maps.
"Would it be asking too great a favor to requpst that you
would suggest some mode by which the House may
be put in possession of fa^ts—thereby placing those who
have been heretofore employed by the House in this busi-
ness in theirtruc position7
lielow is a statement of the price of printing each map;
likewise, the cost of paper for the entiie *,ut
Verv respectfully, your obedient servant,
' WILLIAM J. STONE.
To the Hon. J. W. Davis,
Chairman of the Com. on Pub. Lands.
Size of Plnfes.
Map of Florida, 12 x 10 inches, 2 cents each.
" Michigan, 23 x 24 " 6 "
" Alabama, 13 x 24 " '•
" Missouri, 19 x 24 " 4 "
11 Arkansas, 16^ x 19 " 3 "
Iowa, 9 x 19 "2
" Wisconsin, 15 x 19 " 3 "
<< United States, lo x 21 " 4 «
Paper for eight maps,
27
3
Mr. J. W. DAVIS, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill to authorize the State of
Michigan to sell or lease her salt spring lands, and
moved that the bill be put upon its passage. •
Mr; McCLERNAND moved to amend the bill
by inserting a proviso authorizing the State of Illi-
nois to sell her saline lands.
After some explanations from Messrs. McCLER-
NAND and ROBERT SMITH, in reply to inqui-
ries made by Messrs. HOUSTON and VINTON,
the amendment was agreed to, and the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third ^reading.
On motion by Mr. J. W. DAVIS, the bill was
read the third time and passed; and
On motion by Mr. ROBERT SMITH, the title
title was amended so as to read "An act to authorize
the States of Michigan and Illinois to sell their salt
spring lands."
Mr. McCLERNAND, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill for removing the office
of the surveyor general of the States of Ohio, Illi-
nois, and Michigan; and
On motion by Mr. DUNCAN, it was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the same committee, re-
ported the following bills, which were read twice,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole House
—viz:
A bill for the relief of John HollingswortB, of
Blount county, Alabama; and
A bill for the relief of John Boyle.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the same committee, also
reported a bill granting to the Tennessee and Coosa
railroad company the right of way through the
lands of the United States, and moved that it be put
on its passage.
Mr. HOPKINS hoped the gentleman would" per-
mit this bill to lie over for the present. This was a
pretty wide road, and it was time, he thought, for
the government to be looking at these railroad com-
panies, so as, in granting them powers, to secure
reasonable terms for the transportation of the mail
and the troops and munitions of war of the United
States.
Mr. HOUSTON said he had no objection to lay
it aside informally for the present.
The bill was passed over.
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, the Committee
on Public Lands was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of certain citizens of
Illinois, asking for a reduction of the price of pub-
lic lands; and the same was referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. H., in pursuance of notice given, obtained
leave, and introduced a bill to cede to the State of
Alabama the public lands lying within the limits of
said State for purposes of education: read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JAMESON, on leave, and in pursuance of
notice given, introduced a bill to grant to the county
of Wayne, in the State of Missouri, the right of
pre-emption to a certain quarter section of land:
read twice, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. W. HUNT, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Abner E.
Van Ness; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. H. asked the general consent of the House
to submit a resolution, making certain inquiries of
the Treasury Department; but objections being
made, it was not received.
Mr. DANA, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the relie
of Sellers & Pennant; which was twice read, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole Houss.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill authorizing the Postmaster General to
procure suitable maps for the use of the Post Office
Department, and for other purposes: read twice,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. CHILTON, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill for the relief
of James Dixon; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. STETSON, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back the Senate "bill
changing the time of holding; the circuit and crimi-
nal courts for the county of Washington," with an
amendment; which was agreed to, and the bill was
passed.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, reported a bill for the relief of George B. Rus-
sell; and it was read twice, and committed to the
