CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND EIYES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
Volume 14....No. 14.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1845.
[Continued from JVo. 13.]
A certain extensive contractor, (supposed to be Swift, of
New Bedford, Massachusetts,) then in the city, had agreed
to give Zabriskie $10,000 for his bargain--which terms Za-
briskie accepted. "When the papers were perfected, the
contractor changed his mind, and refused to pay more than
$8,000. Zabriskie haggled for the original sum; and he,
(Mr. V.,) availing himself of this hesitation in the negotia-
tion. and aware of the character of the transaction, stole a
march on Zabriskie, called upon the ^purchaser, at Gadsby's
Hotel, delivered him the papers, and pocketed the $8,000.
Zabriskie talked loftily, stormed, and insisted upon the
whole of the money Mr. V. laughed at his fury, held firm-
ly to the cash, and told him (Zabriskie) he should give him
but one-half, ($4,000) -which sum Zabriskie at last gladly
accepted. Mr. V. observed that he (Zabriskie) knew he
fead $1,000 of the money to pay over to a certain individual,
but who this individual was 1 did not at the time inquire,
but I have reason to suspect 1 have now ascertained.
This surmise is more than strengthened from the follow-
ing incident: Fievious to my taking any steps in this mat-
' ter, f called upon Mr. , late chief clerk in the Navy
Department, apprising him of all the circumstances just
stated, and the atrociously corrupt interference of the exec-
utive m this infamous transaction. Mr. was aston-
ished—acknowledged he suspected as much; that he appre-
hended it might seriously implicate the President and Mr.
Hensliaw; ana that all the papers connected with this tians-
action ought to have passed through his hands, which was
not the case; and that, if summoned befoie a committee, he
would act as became him. I mentioned to Mr my
suspicion that the navy agent was more oi le.ss concerned
m the matter; collateral circumstances, independent of the
close intimacy which subsisted between Mr. V. and him,
countenanced the supposition; and that he most probably
was the recipient of the £1,000. Mr. • begged me to bo
very careful, expressed his surprise at the imputation — as-
serting its impossibility , and his belief that such a iumor
might prove highly prejudicial to the navy <!g<>nt, especial-
ly as hiK rc-nommation by Tjler was soon to be before the
Senate 1 lephed, I made no charges, and theie the matter
ended But, to my uttci astonishment, ou the lollowinej
day, I gleaned frum Mi.   such mfoimation as place*,
m my mmd beyond all manner of doubt, tliw criminal par-
ticipation of the navy agent in this disgraceful business.
j\ir fui ther remarked that, shortl) after I left the
Ndvy Department, the navy agent happened to drop in;
when Mr. , m a bantering tone, exclaimed, "Why,
Mr. S., it appears that >ou have got yourselt into a pirtty
fi-n-dpc: > ou are concerned m the Zahnslae contiact'—fur-
ther intimating to lum the information which lie (Mr )
hud obtained on the subject. The navy agent was electri-
fied; auxiouslv inqniied who hud mfouned him-suj nig
th.it oulv one othci person besides himself was puvy to the
matter; 'that he knew all about /(• V. get $ 1,000, mul lie hnn-
«.elf OIMrHT TO JIAYE RECKIVliJ) SOME OF TliK
MONKV. , . r
'Ihe u.)vv agent having been apprised of my intention,
now that the decease ol myinfonmmt has placed him be-
yond the reach ofexeeuthe. vengeance, as well as released
the undersigned from the obligation of seeieey,—having
thus 1 soy, learned my intention of enlisting all the honor
and virtue'jnd eouinge and patitotism of <'ongitt.s m the
investigation of this detestable case of biihrn and couup-
tioo -ha.s taken th«  aim m, and artuallj culled a tew da> s
since upon the be^t and deaie^t friend 1 have on earth, soli-
eitmg his inteifeience to dissuade me trom prosecuting this
matter; but he bus mistaken his man, lor thi« veiy gontJe-
miu (*n\ respected and estimable 1'iiend) would be the last
man on eaitii to piotect , oi screen con nption in any
indiv.du.il, no matter liov exalted in lanU, djstiugmsnetl l<v
prt io" jiive, or depia\ ed bv a ncUe« abu>c ol po\wr, and
4Wici:od,«>e, «^Wb.UO ;L><(KxKMc()oNNKr(U
Mr. FARM ENTER observed l hat ho should not
object to the passage of the resolution, but, uu-
willin" that an erroneous impression should be made
on the minds of the members of this House and on
the country, lie asked permission to say a few words
in explanation, tie was present, a few days since,
in the room of the Secretary of the Navy, when
gome inquiries were made by a member of this
House in relation to the contract referred to m the
resolution under consideration. The Secretary
stated, very fumkly, that the contract had been
made, and also that there was some uie ulanty in
the making of it. He stated that it had been nude
without going through the formality of previously
advertising, as required by law. The Secretary
also stated that the contract had been transferred by
Mr. Zabriskie to another person, but his impression
was, that he did not receive more than $1,000 or
*1,300 for the transfer. The contract was for live
oak timber, the whole amount being something like
jJ30,000; and the person to whom it was transferred
nifoiiiicd the present Secretary of the Navy that he
\v u-..dy lo Uver the Uuibei, but it lui'l >iot been
rocci.ed, on accuu.it.of the iircgularity uf Liu coii-
tract. .
Mr. P. said that, there certainly had been some
irregularity 111 the contract, and he believed that a
higher inice had been given than if there had been
^ . 1 j" i tsLA' a v. « l<h 1 HIM
but his impression was that the sum given for the
transfer did not exceed 1,000 or 1,200 dollars.
Mr. BURKE then called for the previous ques-
tion, under the operation of which the1 resolution
was adopted.
Mr. ADAMS submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested to lay before
the Housw Of Representatives, if in his judgment it may be
done without prejudice to the public interests, a copy oi
any instructions which may have been given by the execu-
tive to the American minister in England, 011 the subject ol
the title to and occupation of the Teiritory of Oregon since
the 4th day of March, 1841 j also a copy of any correspond-
ence which may have passed between this sjovemment and
that of Great Britain, or between either of the two govern-
ments and the minister of the other in relation to that sub-
ject since that time.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL (chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs) observed that he had
no objection to the resolution, and he might say to
the House that the negotiation was still pending,
and that the House might expect a communication
from the President on this subject in a short time.
[Cries of "how soon?" from all parts of the House.]
He heard an insinuation behind him, that no com-
munication would be received, to which he did not
think proper to reply. He could not say precisely
how soon a communication might be expected, be-
cause the Secretary of State was too sick for him to
make any inquiries of him; but he was authorized
to say, that the negotiation was still pending, and
that a communication from the President on the sub-
ject might be expected in a reasonably short time.
Mr. RATH BIJN, on leave, made an explana-
tion. As he presumed that lie was the person al-
luded to as having made an insinuation, he would
explain to the House that he did make the remark,
while the gentleman was telling the House that a
communication might shortly be expected from the
President on the subject, "Yes, after the Texas
bill has passed the Senate." He desired to say
no IV, and he called the attention of the House to his
prediction, tlmt it would hear nothing from the
President on the subject of these negotiations until
the Texas lull had 'passed the Senate, or failed.
M r. R. concluded by calling for the previous ques-
tion; under the operation of which
The resolution was passed, yeas 16G, nays 4.
On motion of Mr. MURPHY, it was
Resuhvii, That it be 1 eferred to the Committee 011 Milita-
ry Allan's to inquire into the propriety of erecting a propel
sepulchre fm the bones now I; ing at the Wallabout, ot
tho.se sol.tiers of the revolution who (tied, by reason ot
Jtlutish cruelty, 011 board ol tile Jeisey prison ship, and ot
an appropriate monument over them, and that the said com-
mittee rcpoit by bitl or othciwise.
Mr. E. J. MORRIS offered the following resolu-
tion:
llesohul. That the Secretary of the Navj be directed to
cause an examination of the navy-jard at Philadelphia to
be made, with a \iew to the. construction ot a dry dock;
and to report to the next Congiess upon the advantages and
litilil} ol sucll a stiuoture at that place.
Mr. H. IIAMLIN moved to amend by the addi-
tion of the words "and also the navy-yard at Kit-
tery, in the State of Maine."
As the resolution gave rise to debate, it went
a pr<
vioutf advettisement in conformity with law;
On motion of Mr. GR1NNELL, it was
That the Committee 011 Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of making an appropria.
tion for the impiovement 01 the liaiboi of New Bedford.
magnificent project.
Mr. PRATT presented the memorial of Asa
Whitney, esq., of New York, for a grant of govern-
ment lands, to enable him to build a railroad from
Lake Michigan to the Pacific ocean, with a view of
making that the great thoroughfare to China.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted a resolution to au-
thorize the printing of 3,000 copies of Professor
Johnson's coal document; which went over, as it
grave rise to debate.
On the motion of Mr. HUNGERFORD, n waj
rh.i In.' < V'M.lliitt'O oil < MlllKn I- bo ill't? UOtt >
*1  t > l(. UJ 1 C i iltu li.'- ( Jv JK dii'lK* J Ul till. fPlfipe
tion now paid to cu^tom-liousc oihceis on our northern
northeastern, and noithwestem lakes find riwrs
O11 the motion of Mr. riUJNGrERFOUD, it was
RaolitfK That the Committee on Na\al Affairs bo in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of authoii/ing the
sale ol a certain lot, owned by the government, mthevil-
lao-e of Sackett's harbor, New York, known and distin-
guished as lot No. IS, on a map or plat of said village.
On the motion of Mr. FISH, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be directed
to inquire and report to the Houseiwhethcr any, and if any
wha?further legislation is necessary to prevent the .intro-
duction into this country of foreign paupers or criminals
and that the said committee have leave to report by bill or
otherwise.
On the motion of Mr. W. HUNT, it was •
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
to inouire into the expediency of requiring the {secretary
ofthe Treasury to publish a monthly statement, show;^g
the amount of imports andexpoits m 6ach month in each
collection 'diaSctl designating, under deparate heads
Bullion and com," and "Goods and merchandise.
On the motion of Mr. W. HUNT, it was
Resolved That the Postmaster General be directed to
communicate to this House what is the distance over the
nearest post routes from the city of New York to Bufialo
and Loekport, and what is the distance on. the routes over
which the mail is usually earned; what is the rate of>u -
a"c charged between those places; whether the rate has
been increased at any time, and if so, for what 1f
is the distance of the winter route from New York to At
banv and Troy, and what rate ot postage, is charged there-
o^ and wiietlfe. higher rat-s of postage are, or have been,
charged over the longer than the shorter routes between
those places.
On the motion of Mr. B. GREEN, it was resolved,
as follows:
Whereas the Chief Topographical Engineer, in his report
011 the harbors of the northern l.ikes, dated November 10,
1814, in speaking of Big Sodus bay, and its surveys, uses
the lollowing language, to wit: at the time the survey was
made, (August 1, 1844,) the lake was supposed to be three
feet higher than its low water condition; which shows that
in a low walei condition of the lalse, the passage between
the piers would not exceed about nine feet; it ought there-
fore to bo dredged out at least three feet deeper to insure a
depth of not less than twelve feet in all conditions of the
lake. After passing this bar, there is inside the harbor
suficient depth for vessels of any size, and sufficient space
for an immense fleet. Should it ever become necessary to
maintain a large naval force on this lake, there is no place
on the American shore which presents greater advantages.
The ease with which the haibor may be entered; its
spacious and commodious bay, in which alarge ftcet may
be nidO-Mivrcd*, its protection'from all Winds, as well as)from
sudden incursions from an enemy, its position about equi-
distant fiom cither end of the lake, by which it could afford
prompt assistance to any point, all combine to characterize
it as a hiahly favorable site for a naval depot.
Therefore', resohed, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making an ap~
piopnation to dredge out the aioi osaid parage between the
uers in accordoncc with the recommendation of the said
enginet i, and that the committee have leave to report by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. DARRAGH, pursuant to notice, introduced a
bill to provide for the adjustment and settlement of
claims of American citizens upon the republic of
Mexico; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee 011 Foreign Affairs.
Mr. PATERSON submitted a lesolution in-
structing the Committee on Accounts_ to inquire
what amount of the contingent fund it will be neces-
sary for the clerk of the House to draw, and sug-
gesting a new mode of auditing and keeping the ac-
counts thereof. The precise terms of the resolu-
tion could not be procured.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. W.J. BROWN moved a reconsideration of
the resolution offered by Mr. Pateuson, and
adopted, respecting the clerk's power to draw on
the contingent fund, and the amount to be drawn,
and the mode to be adopted of keeping and auditing
his accounts.
Mr. PATERSON rose to explain the object of
his resolution, and he called the attention ofthe
House to its terms as sufficiently expressive of its
object.
Mr. HAMLIN, after a word or two from Mr.
Burt, rose to debate the resolution.
Mr. C. JOHNSON inquired if it was debatable.
The CHAIRMAN decided that it was.
Mr. C. JOHNSON appealed from the decision of
the Chair; but afterwards hs withdrew his appeal.
Mr. IIAMLIN biicfly explained, and advocated
the resolution.
A fit r.1 lew uin.uL- ircin Mr. PATERSON and
Mi. HOIJS'IUN,
lMr. HAMLIN moved the previous queston.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table; rejected.
The House refused to second the previous ques-
tion,
