CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
stance: the present rate of postage for distances over
four hundred miles is 25 cents. This was reduced
in the bill 60 per cent.
It was not easy to avoid the mail service in this
distance; but when it came down to distances where
it was convenient, there is only a reduction of 20
per cent, or leas:—not one-third as much where there
is no complaint,' as where the whole cause of com-
plaint exists. Now it appeared to him that Con-
gress, if it touch this subject at all, ought to satisfy
the community; and if there could be any doubt as
to the cost of this service, look at what had been
done by private individuals. Why, they go around
and gather these letters; and take the pains to de-
liver them at the end of their journey for cents,
where the mail does it for 12| cents. It was man-
ifest, then, that the reduction proposed by the sen-
ator from Maryland would not have the slightest
influence upon this private interference. He [Mr.
Merrick] insisted that these rates of postage wore
the greatest possible reduction that could be made,
consistent with the interests of the department, and
that no greater reduction could be made without
to its revenue. Now, what was the experience of
England? Throughout that entire realm, letters are
carried for a single penny. The proposition here
was not to reduce to a penny, but to carry letters
short distances for 50 percent, more than they have
in Engand—if 200 miles, 250 per ccnt. more, and
so on. Yet this is called extreme reduction ! The
charge is to be three times as much as in England,
by the proposition of the senator from Maryland,
and gentlemen call even that extreme reduction.
From all he could gather from the reports of the
progress of the mail service in England, he believed
that the great reduction there had quadrupled the
correspondence, since the commencement of that
reduction; and he saw no ieaton why it should not
be quadrupled in this country, lie saw no reason
why we should not have as great an increase here,
as they had there, by this reduction. At all events,
from what reflection he had been able to give this
subject* he was of opinion that the reduction pro-
posed by the senator from Connecticut [Mr. IIun-
tington] was necessary to sustain the department.
It was the proper reduction; and he believed
there would be more postage, more money and more
revenue had by this than by a less reduction. If the
country be satisfied and the department sustained,
certainly the only object which there could be in
making any alteration in the post office system
would be accomplished. He believed that 10
cents was quite as high as ought to he charged upon
a letter from any part of the Union to another. Ti
was five times as nigh as was charged in England;
and he was sorry that the head of the Post Office
Department and the chairman of the Committee, on
the Post Office were of opinion that any greater re-
duction thru that contemplated in the bill would be
injudicious. He believed himself that a reduction
to a greater extent than was now proposed by the
amendment of the senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Huntington,] would be even better for raising rev-
enue; but, at the same time, he was satisfied with
this, and believed it would afford general satisfac-
tion to the community. But if, in the experiment,
a reduction of postage were made which would
leave the same discontent upon the public mind
that now exists, it would be an absolute reduction
of revenue to the extent that it reduces the postage
without increasing the correspondence. The only
proper way was to go low enough to produce satis-
faction in the public mind. If, m attempting to do
this, it should turn out that the reductions were too
great, and the postage inadequate to support the ex-
penses of the department, the public would be con-
tent to have the rates raised. It had been tried in
England and had proved successful. The people
of this country had a right to expect a reduction;
and although it was not assumed that the postage
in this country could be reduced to ;the same ex-
treme low rates, they had a right to expect such a
reduction as would command the business and ef-
fect the object of getting rid of these onerous bur-
dens. If, under the change, there was not revenue
enough, they would be content and willing to have
the rates raised. He hoped, therefore, that the
proposition of the senator from Connecticut would
prevail. V*
Mr. MERRICK said the senator from Rhode
Island was mistaken in supposing the revenue of the
British post office from penny postage was sufficient
to sustain the department. The fact was, that "the
penny postage fell far short of supplying rev-
rev to meet the expenditures. It was the col-
onial and foreign postage, amounting to from one
to four shillings per letter, that enabled the British
post-office department to sustain itself.
Mr. SIMMONS observed that he had merely
stated the fact that the internal correspondence had
increased four-fold since the adoption of the penny-
postage system.
Mr. BREESE said, in submitting the proposition
to amend the bill, so as to establish a uniform rate
of postage of live cents for all distances, he was
acting in obedience to the instructions of the gen-
eral assembly of the State from which he came. At
the last session, he had submitted the same proposi-
tion, and it received but six votes; and, from the in-
dications around him, he expected it would now
share a fate no better. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads has told
us that the subject of post-office reform has excited
much of the public attention. This is true, said
Mr. B.; and in no one of the western States more
than in Illinois. Two years since, the general as-
sembly of that State, in a very able memorial, ad-
dressed to Congress, advised a uniform rate of five
cents, and sustained the recommendation by much
able argument. Since then, public meetings had
been held in different parts of the State, all mani-
festing a great uniformity of sentiment on this all-
important subject. The experience of the past, and
much reflection,had convinced him that more revenue
would be derived fiom the reduction proposed by him
than from the plan proposed by the bill as reported,
or from the amendment submitted by the senator
from New Jersey, [Mr. Mii-ler,] or from that sub-
mitted by the senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Hun-
tington.] The people, Mr. B. said, expected a
reform in the system; and this reform embraced not
only a reduction of postage, but a change in the
manner of rating letters, by resorting to weight, in
preference to pieces. This practice of rating by the
piece was a very bad one, and gave rise, not iinfre-
quently, to the pcrpctiation of crime, by puiloining
money from letters which, by the scrutiny of a
faithless clerk, might be discovered to be inclosed in
them; and, besides, it subjected all our correspond-
ence to an unpleasant scrutiny, and to a system of
surveilance in its results and consequences very de-
moralizing. By regulating the postage on sealed
packets by weight, not only a more equitable rate,
with increased uniformity and simplicity, would be
given, but this most discreditable practice of prying
into their contents, so offensive to the public, and so
demoralizing to the agent who peifouns the duty
also, will be effectually avoided.
Mr. B. said he believed the sentiment was uni-
versal, that a thorough radical change in the .system
was necessary—not any half-way measure, like
this now before us, which, m his judgment, if
adopted, would break down the department—but a
radical change. The present high rates has brought
the department and the system into disrepute, and
means are sought by which to be relieved from its
oppressions. Penal laws cannot effect the object.
It ia in vain to resort to them. Your law must be
in accordance with public sentiment, or it will be
evaded; and on this question public opinion is
greatly in advance of Congress, it is characteristic
of the American people, to yield a ready obedience
to the laws, even to those that are manifestly un-
just; and the post office law has always been regard-
ed, until the fact was plainly established, that,
in its whole operation, it was unjust and oppressive,
and means have been taken in all parts of the coun-
try to obtain relief from its oppressions. Enact
a law that shall graduate with public opinion, and
no attempt will be made to evade it. A habit will
be at once created of an entire dependence upon
the public mails for all our correspondence, and
private expresses will receive no countenance or
support.
The chairman of the committee has told us, (said
Mr. B.) that the reduction of the rates in England
hod increased the number of letters four or live fold.
His language, as reported in the National Xntelii-
gcncer, is;
"In England, the increase, in consequcnce of reduced
postage, has been i'our or five fold. He would not suppose
s>o great an increase hero, because he did not contemplate
so gieata reduction; hut he thought an increase of twenty
per cent, might safely be calculated upon.^
Mr. B. said, this appeared to him to yield the point
that the greater the reduction of the rates of post-
age, the greater would be the increase of letters or
correspondence. This fact is sufficiently estabhsh-
ed in England. In 1840, when their penny system
was introduced, the whole number ofletters charge-
able with postage passing through their post office,
was not much over sixty-two millions—now it is
more than' two hundred and thirteen millions.
From this (said Mr. B.) we may judge with toler-
able accuracy what will be the results here, for we
have a much larger population who would use the sys-
tem than there is in Great Britain; and besides there
are the facilities there offrequent personal intercourse
by means of their turnpikes, railroads, and canals,
and the compactness of their society, so that the same
resort is not had to the mails there that would be
here if the postages were cheapened. We have now
passing through the malls about thirty millions of
letters annually, and in his personal knowledge, Mr.
B. said, a large proportion of the reading ana writ-
ing population of his State was deprived of the use
of the mails by reason of the most exorbitant rates
charged; and this is the case in all parts of the
Union. Reduce the rates to five cents on all letters
weighing not more than half an ounce for all dis-
tances; then he believed, instead of thirty millions,
after the first year, more than one hundred millions
of letters would pass through the mail, yielding, at
five cents, $5,000,000—a sum more than sufficient
to sustain the establishment; and in a few years a
further reduction to two cents might be safely un-
dertaken.
Mr. B. repeated that he did not believe any such
measure as the one now proposed would gratify the
public. It does not come up to the public wants,
and if adopted, will not only injure the department
in its revenues, but bring the whole system into still
greater disrepute. This plan will not bring into the
mails the mailable matter now carried privately on
the great lines of communication exceeding one hun-
dred miles in length. Such' matter will be carried
by private enterprise for less than the amount
charged by this government monopoly, and the peo-
ple will continue to complain. They will see that
letters are carried more than one hundred miles for
five or six cents; and they will demand that govern-
ment shall canythein for the same, or they will
abandon the use of the mails and patronize private
enterprise. This is natural; and all tho penal laws
you can enact will not prevent it.
Mr. B. said that the only way to remove the odi-
um that now attached to the public mail convey-
ance as a government monopoly, was to remove the
inducements to private enterprise to compete with
it; and that could be done only by low rates of post-
age. By reducing it to five cents, the rate would
then exceed, by more than live-fold, the actual mean
cost of the receipt, transit, and delivery of a half-
oume letter from one part of the Union to the
other.
Mr. B. said that the present law was so exceed-
ingly unjust, that a mere proposition for ah ade-
quate remedy cannot but seem extravagant to every
person who has given but little attention to the sub-
ject. He said we had been so long accustomed to
'it that, like every proposed reform of an established
abuse, much hesitation is shown to bring it about,
lie hoped no attempt at change would be counte-
nanced, unless it could be thorough, radical—going
to the root of the evil, and meeting the public expec-
tation. It was with these views he had moved the
amendment.
Mr. WOODBURY had yesterday states hie rea-
sons for giving the preference to the proposition of
the senator from New Jersey, namely, that if the
experiment of 3 cents for 30 miles should have the
effect apprehended by the chairman of the Post Of-
fice Committee, any deficiency occasioned by that
reduction would be made good on the long routes at
1.") cents. He feared, however, that the extension
of the 3 cent rate to 50 miles would not enable the
department to sustain itself. He would, with the
gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Niles,] who
spoke yesterday, look to the cultivation of the
social affections and friendly intercourse of society
as well as mere business transactions. He was
willing to help and
"SpceJ the soft intercourse from soul to soul,
And 'A-alt a sigh firm Indus to the pole."
But still the department must sustain itself, and
those who use the mail must pay enough to sustain
it.
And although he, too, was instructed by his
State to vote for such a reduction of postage as
would meet public expectation, he felt well assured
that his State would not be satisfied to have the de-
partment thrown as a burden upon the public treasu-
ry. The people of his State expected that, whatever
was done, the department should sustain itself.
