I. ; r
214
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
There was a mistake in supposing the penny
postage system in England had increased the inter-
nal correspondence of the kingdom four-fold. The
actual increase was only three-fold. Before that
gan, the correspondence was 75,000,000 of
a™uaUy; ,now ;t is about 211,000,000 or
213,000,000—a three-fold increase.
The Post Office Committee estimated the increase
here,, under the proposition of the bill, at 20 per
cent. only. But admitting that, under the pending
proposition, it would be two-fold, what would be
the revenue? Our present correspondence is 30,000,-
000 of letters; double that would be 60,000,000; at
the average of 3, 5, and 10 cents—say C cents, for
it would not be more, the 3 cent rate being extended
to 30 miles, and the 5 to 250—and the revenue
would be only $3,500,000; to which, if $500,000 be
added for newspaper postage and other means, the
gross revenue would be only $4,000,000—just half a
million short of the sum absolutely necessary, ac-
cording to the Postmaster General's statement, to
sustain the department. Now, the average of the
rates proposed by the senator from Kew Jersey,
namely, of 3, 5, 10, and 15 cents, might fairly be
taken at cents, which, upon double our present
correspondence, (that is, upon '60 millions of letters,)
would yield at once, from that source alone, four
and eight-tenths millions of dollars—giving a hand-
some excess for extension of the service. He
should therefore sustain the amendment of the sen-
ator from New Jersey.
Mr. MERRICK had not read the report of his
remarks of yesterday in either of the city papers,
but from recollection he believed he had said that
the increase of correspondence under the Biitish
penny-postage system had been four-fold. Pcrlmpa
his expression was, as it should have been, three or
four fold.
Mr. NILES, whose remarks could only be occa-
sionally heard in the gallery, was understood to ar-
gue in favor of the amendment to the amendment.
To meet public expectation, and give inducement
for the absorption of the correspondence of the
country into the mails, it was necessary to make
such a reduction of postage as would really be a re-
form.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he was very sorry to
trouble the Senate with any remarks upon this ques-
tion. He thought it was perfectly apparent that the
Senate was now ready for the question; and he
knew there was a general impression upon this side
of the House, that this bill ought to be disposed of
speedily, and got out of the way of other important
matters. For his own part, after having attended,
in a considerable degree, to all that had been said
upon this subject, he was certainly—he might say
decidedly—unwilling to alter the bill, as it came
from the hands of the committee. We werca won-
derful people. We had been laboring, beyond all
doubt, unaer oppressive rates of postage for a num-
ber of years past. We propose now to amend these
rates; and we go at once into another extreme, and
ask Congress to p&ss a law reducing the postage to
3 cents for all distances under fifty miles. Now it
was well known to members of this body that in a
very large portion of this Union cents were not used
at all. There were no cents in South Carolina,
though there was a great deal of „se?ise. It was so in
regard to all the southern and southwestern States of
the Union. So that this arrangement would be no
convenience to the citizens of those States. Their
lowest rate of currency was a five-cent piece, under
the government of the United States.
Now this subject had been before the country
for several years; and so far as he knew, or
was acquainted with public opinion, that opin-
ion was in favor, at least for a commence-
ment, of reducing the postage 'to five cents
under a bundled miles, and lOcent^ for all distances
above that. Tine amelioration would enable the
emigrant, who goes Jrom the eastern States to the
Far West, to communicate with ftip friends at the
place of his nativity, for considerably less than
what it costs him now. He had no doubt at all,
judging from the experience of England, that a re-
duction of the rates of postage would increase, and
vastly increase, the number of letters; but it would
not produce its full effect for years to come; and, in
the mean time, if we reduce the rates so low as to
show a very large deficit in the revenue of the de-
partment, the whole system would fall to mips,
for the people would not consent that the post otfice
should be a charge upon the treasury. What was
the present state of the case? The committee had
pictured a bill, under the benefits of th« experi-
ence, and with the advice of the head of the depart-
ment. That officer is supposed to know, and he
had no doubt did know, all the various ramifica-
tions of this subject, better than any gentleman upon
this floor could be supposed to know them; and we
have the authority of the head of the department for
this fact, (and it is a mere question of detail,) that if
you will first appropriate out of the treasury, a sum
equal to what is paid for railroad transportation, ho
ventures to say that the department, at 5 and 10
cents postage upon letters, would be able to sustain
itself. He (Mr. Buchanan) had that declaration
before him, in the letter of the Postmaster General,
to the honorable Chamber of Commerce in New
York.
Now this bill proposed a very great reduction of
postage. That proposition was in accordance with
the public sentiment. The Senate now had the re-
sponsibility of the head of the department pledg-
ing his knowledge that if this bill be passed, and
an appropriation of $750,000 be made, it would
be sufficient to cover the expenditures of the de-
partment.
He (Mr. B.) was not going upon theory. He
should be very glad, to be sure, if the reduction
could be to 3 cents, or even to what it is in England;
but that was impossible, with any regard to the
question whether the Post Office Department could
sustain itself. He was for taking tne boon which
wecouldnow obtain—the boon m favor of which
the public mind, so far as he knew, was settled.
By reaching to extremes in tho attempt to bring
about a low rate of postage, should there be a defi-
ciency discovered in the revenue of the department
at the end of the year, the whole system of low postr
age might finally be abolished. In matters of this
kind, which were mere matters of detail, he was for
proceeding cautiously; nnd if, in the end, (which,
from the experience of England, probably would be
the case,) we should find that under 5 or 30 cents
we can obtain more revenue than is sufficient to
support this department, then, and not till then,
would be the time to reduce below that. For one,
then, he should vote for the 5 cent-? postage for dis-
tances not exceeding 100 miles; and for 10 cents
upon letters above that; and, m doing: that, he felt
himself safe. He was not creeping his way m the
dark. He was not fancying things. He was not
going upon the supposition that a reduction to 3
cents would insure a corresponding increase in the
number of letters, and consequently in the revenue
of the department. Me was, therefore, very happy,
as he very often went against his friend from Mary-
land, to give him most cordially his vote upon the
present occasion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN requested (he Chair would
state to him the various propositions made.
The CHAIR recapitulated them.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Then, sir, I am for the
bill as matured by the comrmttec, and against the
whole of these amendments. I believe the experi-
ment proposed by the bill will meet the general
wishes of the community on this subject. If' we go
on, as some gentlemen seem disposed to do, making
this proposition and that proposition, each at variance
with the other m some trifling matter of detail, not
one of which pet haps all can agree upon m the end,
we shall involve ourselves in a vortex of disputations
for nothing at all, and finally lose the measure
altogether for another season. Why should there
be such pertinacity m frittering away time about
questions of three cents, and five cents, and ten
cents, and fifteen cents, and 30 miles or 300 miles,
when a standing committee in charge of the subject
for two yeais, had, with infinite labor and pains,
matured a bill well calculated to laeet public expect-
ation, and at the same time to sustain the depart-
ment? Why not take the bill thus matured as at
leasta safe and prudent experiment.'
Was it desirable to go on making vain attempts to
carry out abstract opinions, consuming day after
day with amendments and discussions, and tiring
out all patience, until atjast the bill itself would be-
come odious and disgusting, by being overloaded
with debate and propositions? tie trusted the Sen-
ate would vote down every amendment offered, and
take the bill as it came from the _ committee; for it
was now time to let the other business of the session
have some chance of consideration.
Mr. MERRICK called for the yeas and nays on
the pending question; and they were ordered.
The vote was accordingly taken on Mr. Hunting-
ton's amendment, and decided in the negative—
18, nays 29, as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Bates, Bayard, Dix,
Dayton. Dickinson, Fairfield, Francis, Huntington, Jarna-
gin, Niles, Phelps, Porter, Simmons, Tappan, White, and
Woodbridge—18.
NAYS—Messw. Ashley, Atchison,, Bagby, liavrow, Ben-
ton, Berrien, Breeze, JBuchauan, Ciajton, Crittenden,
Evans, Foster, Hannegan, Hayivood, Henderson. Hnger,
Johnson, Lewis, M&ngum, Merrick, Miller, Morchrad,
Fearce, Rives, Semple, Sturgeon, Upham, Walker, and
"Woodbury—'.29.
The question was then taken on Mr. Miller's
amendment, and decided in the negative—ayes 17,
noes 30.
Mr. SIMMONS moved to substitute 250 miles for
100 miles, as tho distance to which the 5 cent post-
age would extend.
Mr. MERRICK. That would destroy the revenue
or the department; if the Senate approves of doing
that, it can adopt the amendment.
Mr. SIMMO.NS. That remains to be seen, and
It would be fatal to the income
to be argued.
Mr. MERRICK.
of the department.
( 'Mr. SIMMONS. As the circuit of Q50 miles is
that in which private and public expresses compete
with the department, the effect of reducing the post-
age to 5 cents for that distance would be, to draw
into the mails all the correspondence now sent by
presses, or by pri\ato hand, and to increase the
revenue of the department.
Mr. MERRICK. 1 hope the Senate will not sanc-
tion the amendment.
The yeas and nays on it were demanded, and or-
dered.
The vote was then taken, and resulted—yeas 21,
naya 25, as follows:
VKAS -Mossrs. Allen, Atherton, Bates, Bayard, Breese,
J>i\, Da) ton, Dickinson, Kairfii'ld, Krancis, Huntington, Jar-
nugin, Mdlei, Niles, i'hclps, I'oitei, Semple, Simmons,, Tap-
pan, I'phain, tmd Woodbi idge
N.WS -Mutisra. Ashley, Atchison, Bagby, Burrow, Ben
ton, Bernon, Buchuuan, ( Lin ton, ( rittenden, Kvans, Foster,
Hunnegun, Havuood, Uendenion, llu^n, Jolm«on. Lpwh,
[\iangnnr, Met nek, Moiehead, Peaicc, Uives, Htmgeon,
While,-and Woodbut y—v?.').
Mr. i5Rl£l£tiI£ said it was now his duty to move
an amendment, the elleet of which was to make Jive
cents the uniform rate of postage for all distances
upon letters not exceeding half an ounce m weight.
The motion was put in the form of one to strike
out a few words in the first section and insert others,
so as to effect the object.
Jt was rejected without a division.
Mr. NILES now offered the following amend-
ment, which he sustained by an argument of con-
siderable length; but his remarks were wholly in-
audible in the gallery:
Stnke out nil the first section, after the enacting clause,
and insert the following:
That, from and after tho passage ol this act, all letters con-
veyed in the mail shall be rated and chaiged with postage,
as lollows: each iettei or packet conveyed, according to the
UMijt rouse of the mail, any distance not exceeding one
hundred miles, shall he rated and charged five cents ^post-
age, and each letter or packet conveyed a gieater distance
than one bundled mileh shall be l.ited and chained ten cents
postage. And each letter or pnckeL, w hether composed of
one or mote pieces, or containing an enclosure or not, which
shall not rxeecd one-hall ounce in weight, shaltlm consid-
ered a single letter, and rated and charged accordingly} ii"
weighing'moie than j« half and not < \cetdiug three-quarters
oi an ounce, it shall he considered as a double letter, and
charged twice tlit aforesaid tfjtefc of postage, if weighing
more than three-quarters and not exceeding one ounce, it
Khali lie consider <1 a triable letter, and charged three times
the aforesaid tales; and for every additional half ounce, oi
fraction of a lull ounce, theie .shall be charged the late ot a
single letter: Ptoruied, rJ hat it fchall not be lawful to en-
close in any letter conveyed m the mail any other Iettei
or letters duected to a different person or persons, oi lo
enclose seveial lettcis, directed to different poisons in one
envelop; and any person who .shall deposit, or cense to be
deported, in oriy post ofliee.to lie conv<;\cd in the injil, any
letter, containing one or mote letter s enclosed, dnecitd to
different persons, or deposit, or caiuetobe so deposited,
several letters, directed to djlleient persons, c nclof-ed in one
envelop, and the person iecei\fhe same, who f.hnll de-
liver, or cause to he dclh ered, to the persons to whom the
saaie arc duected, any Iettei or letters so unlawfully c on-
veyed in the nnid, sjiall for frit the miih ot Usent\ dollais -
one-hall'to the informer, and the other half to the Post Ohiee
Department; and it shallbe the duty ol all postmaster to
report all violations ol t!nc provision of this act, which may
come to their know ledge, to tins dwtrict attorney oitho I'lu-
ted States for the di«-tiu t m v, Inch the ojfence may be com-
mitted, who-<ednt} it sholl be to prosecute the same.
Mr. MERItlCK opposed the amendment.
The yeas and nays having been called for, and
ordered, tho vote was taken on this amendment,
and resulted in fhe negative—yeas 17, nays 24, as
follows:
YBAS—-MesM8. Allen, Atherton, Benton, Breese, Dix,
Dickinson, Fairfield, Francis, Haywood, Jarnagm, Niles,
Pearce, Phelps, Semple, Simmons, Tappan, end Woodbury
—17.
NAYS-Messrs. Ashley, Atchison, Bagby, Barrow, Ber-
