Tf-TV* -1*
216
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
disposed to wait folr'them, he should not object to it.
He did hope, however, that the House would go on
with the debate, as the information would no doubt
be received before its termination.
The question was then put on the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole, and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 92, noes 4G.
So the House resolved itself into a Committee of
the "Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wei.-
ler, of Ohio, in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the Oregon bill.
Mr. DUNCAN commenced, by stating that this
bill had been committed to, and considered by, the
Committee on the Territories, by whom it had been
examined with great care, and reported back to the
House. It contains the usual provisions that acts
have heretofore contained, by which territories have
been established; it provides the -usual number of
officers, and makes all other provisions which are
common to the establishment of territorial govern-
ments, such as the formation of a legislature, the
appointment of federal officers, and so forth, to
which he believed there could be no objection. He
commenced the discussion of this bill, however,
under some embarrassment, and the objection made
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams]
had seemed to increase that embarrassment. It
was well known that this bill had been before Con-
gress for some time, to extend jurisdiction over the
Oregon, and many objections had even been raised
to its passage. Sometimes it was said that there
was a treaty which forbade their action. There
was a provision in the treaty of 1827, between
Great Britain and tJlis country, by which one year's
notice was stipulated to be given of the intention
of either party to terminate the joint occupancy,
and they were told that it would be a violation of
that treaty to extend jurisdiction over the territory,
until that notice had been given; but every attempt
to cause such notice to be given had been met with
the objection that there was a negotiation pending.
Yes, and negotiation had been going on for twenty
years, and tlius'there would be no end to them. But
the attention o'f the American people had been
called to this subject; they knew the pi inciplc and
the terms on which the British government oneu-
pics the Oregon; they knew, too, their own rights,
and in the last canvass they mado this a prominent
question. There was not then a procession m
which there were not banners on which Orepn
was inscribed, and he believed the people had
decided the question at the ballot-box. I he
whig speakers themselves acknowledged that our
title to Oregon was clear; but for them, there had
not been quite'negotiation enough. For the advantage
of such gentlemen, and others who raise objec-
tion on this subject, he now proposed to trace
our title to this territory, and he should be able to
show that our title was clear, and that Great Britain
knew it was so. There seemed to be at this time
with the American people an ambition to acquire
territory, and it was a laudable ambition—it had its
foundation in patriotism, and in a desire to extend
and spread our free institutions—and it was because
they produced wealth, happiness, and comfort.
He then gave some brief description of the fertili-
ty and beauty of the country in dispute, and caused
an extract to be read from Lieut. Wilkes's descrip-
tion of it. He said it embraced a country running
800 miles 6n the Pacific, and 600 miles from the
Pacific to the summit of the Rocky mountains. He
then entered into a historical detail of the discoveries
on the Pacific, showing that California was discover-
ed and occupied by Spanish navigators, and schools
and places of worship erected by Spanish Jesuits,
before any British navigator discovered it and
therefore Great Britain had no claim by right of dis-
covery. He recapitulated the voyages and discov-
eries of Thomas Drake, Captain Cook, McKenzie,
Thompson, and many other navigators, and veiy
minutely examined the rights of everyeliarar eron
which a claim to that territory could be based, ob
Britain and Spain, known as the Nootka tieay
(under which the only claim o J"5' . , £r;t_
ish House of Commons,' shownig the little import-
ance placed upon this treaty at that time; to the fact
that this treaty, whatever force it mi etween
was overthrown and annihilated by ,
Spain and Great Britain four
pever been revived. Thus he held that Great am
ain had no claim there. He then proceeded to allude
to the historical facts establishing our claim to Ore-
gon; to the fact that, shortly after litis—viz: in 1792
 the Columbia river was discovered by Captain
Gray, commander of a vessel fitted out by citizens
of Boston. That he was the discoverer of this river,
the British and Spanish, as well as American records,
proved. We took possession, as required by the
laws of nations, m order to perfect our title, soon
after, by our agents, Clark and Lewis, who spent the
entiic winter of 1805-'6 near the mouth of the Colum-
bia river, and left the proper evidences of possession.
We then had discovered the Columbia river, and
thereby had discovered the Oregon Territory, and
were its owners to the extent that the Columbia riv-
er drained it, which was that extent designated by
this bill.
We had done something more; we had completed
our discovery. Mr. D. was proceeding to refer to
the various expeditions from this country to Oregon
since that time as confirming our claim to this
country by actual possession, when his hour ex-
pired.
Mr. BELSER next obtained the floor; but he
yielded for a few moments to
Mr. DUNCAN, who said he did not like to write
out a speech which he had not delivered, and hence
he obtained permission to state a brief outline of the
residue of his argument; which, in his published
speech, he should fill up. Having concluded—
Mr. BELSER proceeded, by remarking tlmt but
a tew days ago one American measure had passed
this House; and now there was before them anoth-
er equally as important in its bearings on the desti-
ny of the republic. Since the Missouri restriction,
in his opinion, no two projects had been before the
legislative department of the Union which were, so
well calculated to test the validity of our free institu-
tions. The cyock might well be viewed as the hour
of a nation's travail; and although he believed that
the present measure, if adopted, would be more
likely to involve us in a war than the one which had
just been acted on, yet, in the maintenance of our
just national rights, we should not permit the fear
of such consequences to drive us from our propri-
ety. . ,.
'He had two reasons for taking part m the discus,
sion. One was, that lie desired his humble name to
be in some degree, identified with the measure
which had produced it; and the other, that Ins State
had requested of her representatives to peifurm
their part in carrying it through on this door.
He further said that he had recently been exam-
ining the aggressions of Great Britain on the rights
of other nations, and had ascertained that Switzer-
land, Germany, Spain, Portugal, Syria and Greece
India and China, Africa and Polynesia, have all
been made to feel her power; and having been so
successful with them, he believed that v;e were se-
lected as her next victim. Look at her vast posses-
sions near to us, or on our comment. Wiuun a
few days' sail by steam are her West- India islands,
some sixteen m number; and then come her Upper
and Lower Canadas, Nova Scotia, New Bruns-
wick, Newfoundland, Prince Edward's Island, Lab-
rador—the whole north to Hudson's Bay. Ihus it
would be seen that she has nearly encircled us, and
that our only outlets west are through Texas and
Oregon. . . . ,,
He next proceeded to the examination ot the bit
before the committee, and observed that it proposed
the organization of a temporal y government, out ot
"all the country belonging to the United Slates west
of the summit of the Rocky mountains, and bound-
ed on the south by the 42d and on the north by the
54th degree and 40 minutes of north latitude. tie
contended that this was the boundary settled ill our
treaties with Spain and Russia, and that, m 1824,
we offered to limit our territory to the 49th degree
of latitude; and that, at that period, the Columbia
river was the boundary proposed by Great butmn,
which enters about the 46th degree. The terntoiy
in dispute between the, two governments when these
negotiations were broken off was a little upwards
of '3 decrees oflatitude, embracing about one-tonrtn
of the possession. In 1827 the same offer* were
ao-ain made and rejected, thus leaving the matter as
itstood in 1818, and consequently a larger amount
of territory in contest—about 8 degrees of latitude,
near two-thirds of the entire country.
The claim of our governments the whole, he con-
tended, was perfect. We derived title to it through
our treaties with France and Spain, succeeding by
these treaties to all the rights over it which they pre-
viously possessed, and deriving additional title also
by our own discovery. Having, then, within  s the
French, Spanish, and American title, it puts to rest
the pretensions of Great Britain at once, and shows
that it has no foundation to rest on.
He further observed that, in 1804 and 1P05, T.cwi"
and Clark, under the authority of Congress, ex-
plored it; and, at that date, no nation except our
own pretended to own any partofit. That, in 1811,
a settlement was made by Mr. Astor at the mouth
of the Columbia river; and that, in 1813, he was
dispossessed by Great Britain; but that, in October,
1818, it was again delivered to the United States.
Thus (said he foil the 6th day of October, 1818, our
title to the territory embraced within the bill under
consideration was complete; and that no negotiation
since has in any degree affected it.
The only negotiations which, since that period,
had been entered into between this government and
Great Britain in regard to it, he remarked, was the
third article of the convention of 1818, providing
for a joint enjoyment of certain rivers, hays, &c.,
for ten years; the fruitless etVort in 1824 to adjust
the difficulty; and the convention of 1827, through
which the provisions of the said article of the con-
vention of 1818 were extended indefinitely, subject
to be annulled by either party, on giving twelve
months' notice. . ,
On this branch of the subject, he said that iMhis
agreement had been strictly adhered to by Great
Britain, we might now be called on to desist from
passing this bill, but that, in direct violation ot its
piovisions, the Northwest Fur Company, under the
auspices of that nation, have occupied the country,
erected in it forts, established a territorial govern-
ment, extended the laws of Canada over it, driven
out our onterprisiii!' citizens, and in several instances
have instigated tile Indians to murder them.
Aside, however, from this belter right of ours,
have we not, he inquired, under the convention of
1818, as good authority to occupy it as Great Brit-
am? Over (ho territory, not undisputed, the pres-
ent bill, if it becomes a law, will act without hin-
drance; and over that in controversy it. in intended
to operate on all American citizens, and to nllord
them protection. The passage of such a measure
may lead to collision—to conflicts of jurisdiction;
but this is a tlnm; which cannot be avoided. Al-
ready have we loo Ions; acquiesced. A government
incapable of preserving its own soil and citizens
will not long be regarded. After a half century's
negotiation with Great Britain, in another celebiatcd
boundary case, we lost our title to a part of Maine;
yen, had to submit to its dismemberment. The cry
then was, if wo did not settle by negotiation, we
should have to do it by the sword; and the cry_
now is, that we will oflend our mother country if
we attempt to exercise jurisdiction over that which
belongs to us.
He here reviewed the objections which had been
made to the occupation of the territory on account
of distance, on account of our limited pecuniary re-
sources, and the probability of our losing it in the
end. He admitted that these suggestions were
such as to command attention; and whenever the
period arrives that this government cannot piotcct,
Oregon without destruction to tlio other portions of
the Union, then will it he time enough to leave
American citizens to their fate. A nation, under
such circumstances, would be justified in such a
course, but not till then. a
Heprococdul to consider the objections which had
been made to the spread of our institutions. He
believed in thejn-inciple of expansion. The prog-
ress of our people for the last two hundred yearn
had attested its virtue. The march of population
had been as steady and as unerring as had been the
light of the sun Ho enlarged to some extent on
tins view of the subject.
He next took up that portion of the bill which
was designed to encourage settlements by grants of
land. This, in his opinion, was going one sicp
further than Great Britain had gone under the con-
vention of 1818. l ie argued, however, that from her
previous conduct we had the right to consider that,
provision of the convention as annulled; and that in-
dependent of it the policy was a correct one, and' that,
several nations liudwwi/'Uvi on the same principle. It
was a policy pointed out to us by Great JLiritain her-
self when she issued her grants to the colonists,
uud it wtis puisued bv Spain in her best days while
disposing of her domain. We had conccntiatcd
numerous tribes of Indians in the West—had
abolished their customs, put out their primitive
lights, and we should as speedily as possible settle
our territory beyond them. They are naturally re-
