CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
vengeful; and being so, it becomes us to guard
against their encroachments, as did the Romans,
when they encouraged settlements on their frontiers
to protect them from the incursions of the barba-
rians.
Here, the gentleman took an elaborate view of the
nature of our government~said it was designed to
break down centralization, to root out monopoly,
to tear up aristocracy, to hold ontiriducements to
emigration from other countries, to make the greater
number agriculturists, and to impress on all classes
the idea that nature's true nobleman is the tiller of
the soil.
Finally, he examined with some scrutiny the late
conduct of Great'Britain in setting herself up as a
teacher of morals; and attempted to prove that she
was the last nation on earth that was entitled to the
character.
He said that such a homily from her
"Is as deceitful as the smile
"Which the disciple gave his Lord "
[The above is but a a imperfect sketch of Mr. B.'s
remarks.]
Mr. BOWLIN obtained the floor, and com-
menced by remarking, that this question involved
everything dear to our people who cherished our
institutions and national character. Our own terri-
tory attached to us was now the subject of coloniza-
tion by a foreign power; hence this question enlisted
the feelings of every man whose heart beat with
the spirit of patriotism.
But another consideration which invested this
3ubject with a greater interest, was, that Englind
was using her endeavors to get possession of this
territory asa military station, as a place of rendez-
vous for her ships, and her policy hud been uniform,
viz: to acquire universal commercial dominion over
the whole globe. He referred to her various foitifi-
cutions at Gibraltar, Malta, fc>t. Helena, &c., to the
claims she was setting up to the Sandwich Islands,
which were restrained from being established only
by European powers, who said that if her chain of
fortifications and possession could once be finished,
we were all under her dominion. Give them pos-
session of Oregon, and of the Sandwich Island, and
that chain was complete. She girted the whole
globe with her power. And for this purpose he
argued that she wanted this territory. She ridiculed
the idea of the value of Oregon; still she was unwil-
ling to part with it! From what other motive could
she be influenced? Let us, (said Mr. 15.) scions of
the original stock, let us check her strides for uni-
versal empire; check her in our own country.
l ie asked the gentlemen who desired to negotiate,
what there was to negotiate for; it was a question of
title, which was well settled. He had no confidence
in diplomacy with England. She was as distin-
guished m diplomacy as in feats of arms; and while
her ministers were treating, her arms were ready to
strike. From her arms we had nothing to fear, but
we had cause to suspbet her diplomacy; for when
had we entered into negotiations with her that wc
had not been cheated?
He then entered into an examination of onr title
to the Oregon. Discovery was the first basis of title,
and he spoke of the discoveries of Cortes and others,
in view of our Spanish title, and showed that the
British navigators were posterior in their discove-
ries. His historical details were full, ami very
elaborately made. He also examined our right by-
treaty derived from the discoverers. The tide which
was in Spain, he .stated was transferred to the Uni-
ted States by treaty. The title of Spain was un-
questionable, and we have all the title of Spain.
There was also a title in the French which has been
transferred to us; and our title, then, was well estab-
lished. But we had also a right based on discovery
by American citizens. The Columbia was dis-
covered by one of our citizens in May, 179"2.
But we had a discovery earlier them that. John
Carver, of Connecticut, in 3763, found his way to
the waters of the Oregon, through the Spanish
possessions, in the true spnit of Yankee enterprise;
and this discovery was followed up and confirmed
by that of Captain Gray in 1799. Then on the
principle that the discovery of the mouth of the riv-
er operated a claim to the whol<" territory watered
by it, if fallowed up in quick succession by settle-
ment, our title was unquestionable. This condi-
tion—viz: of the discovery being followed up by set-
tlemen—the contended had .been complied with, in
proof of which, he referred to the possession of the
territory taken by Lewis and Clark in 1805; by
the American Fur Company in 1808; to the settle-
ment of Astoria in 1810, &c. In connection with
this, he referred to the various unsuccessful attempts
by England to get possession, and establish a claim
to that Gibraltar of the western coast of America;
and he mentioned the fact that one of the claims
which she had presumed to make, extended to the
east of the Rocky mountains, into the undisputed
territory of the United States.
In 1818, by treaty, she got the right of hunting,
fishing, &c.—the right which was called that of
joint occupancy. Joint occupancy with her was
single occupancy. This was all she wanted td es-
tablish, according to her universal custom, her en-
tire and exclusive right. Her citizens were now
there. In 1821 she had established her jurisdic-
tion there; and now American statesmen were dej
liberating whether we would do the same as they
on our soil. We were waiting for the negotiation^
Why there was nothing to negotiate about, unless
we were base and craven enough to sell [our own
soil. Negotiation must be at an end. Let the con-
scquences of taking possession be what they might,
they could not be worse than they would be if we
hesitated or failed to take the proposed action on this
subject. He urged the immediate necessity of es-
tablishing our government for the protection of our
citizcns there against the Indians and other" foes.
He recurred to the vast advantage of the posses-
sion uf Oregon in a commercial point of view, and
argued that the possession of it would enable Great
Britain to destroy our vast and profitable commerce
there. He was urging the necessity of immediate
action on this subject when his hour expired.
Mr. THOMPSON obtained the floor, and ob-
served that there seemed to he no disposition to
speak on the other side. There had now been
three speeches in succession on one side.
Mr. WENTWORT EI, in his scat. There is
only one side lo the question.
Mr. THOMPSON moved that the committee
rise; which being agreed to,
The committee rose and reported progress.
The SPEAKER, with the general consent, pro-
ceeded to lay before the House the documents on
the Speaker's table, as follows:
REPORT OF THE COMMISSIONER OF PA-
TENTS.
The annual report of the Commissioner of
Patents.
Mr. STEENROT) observed that he believed it
had been usual to refer this report to the Committee
on Patents; but he now moved its printing.
Mr. WELLER moved to refer it to the Commit-
tee on Patents.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF suggested to his colleague
that, as the session was a short one, and it took some
time to punt this report, it was important that it
should be done immediately, that it might be laid on
their tables before the session closed. This docu-
ment was one that was sought for every year with
great avidity, as gentlemen were well aware.
Mr. WELLER said it was equally important that
we should ascertain first what was contained in the
document before an extra number of it was ordered
to be printed. He had therefore moved its refer-
ence.
Mr. RHETT wished to know what was in the
document. Its size was very voluminous. He wish-
ed to know whether it was the usual official report,
or whether it was a statement of all the patents that
had ever been taken out from the origin of the gov-
ernment down to the present time. If so, it would
cost some §100,000 to print it. He hoppd it would
be referred, to be examined, before its extra print-
ing: was ordered.
Mr. STEENROD withdrew his motion to print.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Wki.ler, to refer it to the Committee on Pa-
tents; and it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER further laid before the House—
A report from the Post Office Department, exhib-
iting the receipts and expenditures of the department
during the calendar year: referred, on motion of Mr.
HOPKINS, to tho Committee on Expenditures of
the Post Office Department.
Also, from the War Department, the annual state-
ment showing the balance of appropriations for the
support of that department remaining on hand: re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, from the Treasury Department, in answer
to a resolution of the House of Representatives of
the 14th inst.,a statement of the claims of Georgia
against the United States: referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
THE APPROPRIATION BILLS.
On the motion of Mr. McKAY, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union (Mr. Tibbatts in the chair) for
the purpose of acting upon theappropriation bills.
Mr. McKAY moved that the committee take up
the bill making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department for the fiscal year ending'
30th June, 1846.
The Clerk read the bill through, and it waslaid
aside to be reported to the House.
Mr. McKAY then moved that the committee
take up ihe bill for the payment of the pensioners
of the United States for the fiscal year ending 30th
June, 1846; which was read through and amended
on the motion of Mr. McKay, and then laid aside
to be reported to the House.
Mr. McKAY next moved that the committee
take up the bill making appropriations for fortifica-
tions for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1846;
which was taken up and read, and after two items
had been blended at the suggestion of the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, it was laid
aside to be reported to the House.
Mr. McKAY next moved to take up the bill ma-
king appropriations for the Indian Department for
the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1846; which was
read through by the clerk.
Some unimportant amendments were made on the
suggestion of Mr. McKAY.
The bill having been read through, and some
slight amendments made,
Mr. McKAY observed that this bill had been
taken up unexpectedly by some of the members of
the committee; he was therefore not disposed to
press any final action on it at this time. He there-
fore moved that the committee rise, and report the
other bills to the House, leaving this to stand as it
was.
The committee then rose, and reported the post-
office bill, the pension bill, and the fortification bill
to the House; and the amendments made in Commit-
tee of the Whole being concurred in, they were sev-
erally ordered to be engrossed, and then read the
third time, and passed.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. ST. JOHN: The petition of William L. Henderson
and 36 others, citizens of the northwest part of the State of
Ohio, asking the establishment of a post route from Uppei
Sandusky, in Crawford county, Ohio, to Fort Wayne, in the
State of Indiana.
By Mr. IlENRY DODGE: The petition of 180 citizens of
the town of Sheboygan, Sheboygan county, Territory of
Wisconsin, asking Congress for an appropriation for the
construction of a harbor at the mouth of the Sheboygan ov-
er, on the western shore of, lake Michigan, in said Territo-
ry: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. SAMPLE: The petition of James R. McCord and
41 others, citizens of the county ot Elkhart, Indiana, pray-
ing a reduction ofthe present rates of postage.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: Three petitions from citizens of
Michican and Indiana, for an appropriation to improve the
harbor at New Buffalo, on I,alee Michigan. Also a petition
from the common council of tho village of Adrian, Michi-
gan, for a grant of a certain lot of ground therein men-
tioned.
By Mr. SIMONS: The memoiial of John Goulding and
many citizens of Stratford, Dethy, Milford, and Huntington,
praying an appropriation to improve the mouth ofthe Hous'
atonie river, or Stratford harbor.
By Mr GRIN NELL: The petition of James How land and
others for placing buoys in Buzzard's bay.
By Mr. HUNGfclRFORD: The petition of inhabitants of
Oswego and Jeftbisun counties, New York, for completion
of the piers at the mouth of Salmon river, Oswege county.
By Mr. A. P. STONE: The memorial of James Russell and
243 others, citizens of the State of Ohio, praying Congress
to furnish the said Russell with the means to build a national
planetarium in the city of Washington.
By Mr. TIBBATTS: The memorial of Thomas J. Haider-
man and ] 13 others, citizens of the Mississippi valley, prav-
nig that C ongress may, at as early a day a? practicable, pass
the bill of the House of Representatives, No. 71, entitled A
bill to amend an act entitled an act to provide for the better
security ol lives of passengers on board of steamboats, ap-
proved July 9, 1838: referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
By Mr. BUFFINGTON: The petition of Samuel Agnew
and 30 others, citizens of Butler, Pennsylvania, prating a
reduction of postage. The petition of Francis McfC^eand
37 others, citizens of Huntingdon and adjoining counties
praying a reduction of postage The petition' of Samuel
Agnew and SO others, citizens of Butler. Pennsylvania re-
monstrating against the annexation of Texas. '
By Mr. ISAAC £. MORSE'.: The petition of A. B McMil-
lan: referred to the Committee on Pjivate Land Claims
By Mr. IRVIN: The memorial of a large and respectable
number of the citizens of Huntingdon and the adjoining
counties of Pennsylvania, in favor ot a reduction of post
