CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4%
your memorialist begs respectfully to submit the
subject to your wise consideration.
Your memorialist respectfully further represents
to your honorable body, that, from the knowledge
he can procure, he finds that the lands -for a long
distance east of the mountains are of little or- no
value for culture; that through and for some dis-
tance beyond the mountains would also be of very
little if any value; and therefore your memorialist is
satisfied that it will require an entire tract of sixty
miles in width, from as near to Lake Michigan as
the unappropriated lands commence to the Pacific
Ocean. Therefore, in ' view of all the important
considerations here set forth, your memorialist is
induced to pray that your honorable body will grant
to himself, his heirs and assigns, such tract of land,
the proceeds of which to be strictly and faithfully
applied to the building and completing the said road
—always with such checks and guaranties to your
honorable body as shall secure a faithful perform-
ance of all the obligations and duties of your me-
morialist; and that, after the faithful completion of
this great work, should any lands remain unsold,
any moneys due for lands, or any balance of mo-
neys received for lands sold, and which have not
been required for the building of this road, then all
and every of them shall belong to your memorialist,
his heirs and assigns forever.
Your memorialist prays further, that your honor-
able body will order a survey of said route, to com-
mence at some point to be fixed upon as most desira-
ble, on the shores of Lake Michigan, between the
42d and 45th degrees of north latitude; thence west
to the gap or pass in the mountains; and thence by
the most practicable route to the Pacific ocean.
Your memorialist would respectfully represent
one further consideration to your honorable body—
that, in his opinion, Oregon must fast fill up with an
industrious, enterprising people from our States, and
that they will soon attract and draw to them people
from the different States of Europe, all expecting to
share in the benefits of our free government, claim-
ing its care and protection; but the difficulty of ac-
cess to them either by land or water will forbid such
a hope. And your memorialist believes that the
time is not far distant when Oregon must become a
State of such magnitude and importance as, unless
this rapid mode of intercommunication shall be
employed in preserving the Union, to compel the
establishment of a separate government—a sepn,
rate nation, which will have cities, ports
and harbors, all free, inviting all the nations of
the earth to a free trade with them, where they
will control and monopolize the valuable fisheries of
the Pacific, control the coast trade of Mexico and
South America, of Sandwich Islands, Japan, and
all China, and be our most dangerous and successful
rivals in the commerce of the world. But your
memorialist believes that this road will unite them
to us, enabling them to receive the protecting care of
our government, sharing in its blessings, benefits,
and prosperity, and imparting to us our share of the
great benefits from their local position, enterprise,
and industry. But your honorable body will see all
this, and more; and your memorialist, as in duty
bound, will ever pray.
A. WHITNEY.
January 28, 1845.
IN SKNATK.
Tm-K-DAv, January SO, la S3
On motion by Mr. JIUNTINUTON, the Chair was em-
powered to appoint another member on the Conimittee on
Commerce, to nil the vacancy occas ioncfl by the wilhrhaw '■>I
from the Senate of the late senator from New York
Mr. BATES Itmade a similar motion with reference to
the vacancy on thu Committee on Pensions, which wag
aereed to.
Mr DICKINSON presented a remonstrance from sundry
citizens of Skaneateles, New Vnrk, against the annexation
of Texas to the United States: refwired to the Co'nmittce on
Foreign Relations. . . ,
Mr. BKNTON presented a memorial trom sundry inhab-
itants O! Alleghany county, Mai viand, uignig'the necessity
of the occupation of the Oregon 'iVrritorj , anil of giving
notice to the British government for the termination ot the
joint occupation: ordered to he an the table.
>Jr. WFUTr. presented the memorial of the board ot man-
agers of the American Indian Missionary association.prciving
certain ameliorations in the laws regulating the Indian
country, and that measures m3y be taken for more acc urately
defining the boundary of that country: ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on Indian Attairs.
Mr MOREHF.AD presented a memorial from certain cit-
izens and members of tlie bai of the county of Hamilton,
Ohio, preying that the United State? district and circint
courts, now held at Columbus, may in future be held at
Cincinnati, Ohio: referred to the Committee on the Ju-
^Sr^JBERRIKN, from the Committee on the Judiciary, re-
ported back, without amendment, and with a recommenda-
tion that it. do pass, the bill from the House entitled "an act
giving the Territories of Iowa and Wisconsin jurisdiction
over offences committed in the Indian country within their
borders "
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, reported a joint resolution for the relief of
Seth M. Leavenworth; which was read, and ordered to a
second reading, and the report made last session on this
subject to be printed.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
mado an adverse report on the bill for the relief of Hugh
Wallace Wormley; which was ordered to tie printed.
On motion, it was ordered that when the Senate adjourn,
it adjourn till Monday next.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, re-
ported back, without amendment, and with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the joint resolution in relation to sus-
pending the operation of the third section of the joint reso-
lution of the last session, which requires that, before any
expendituie of money shall be made in constructing the
navy-yard at Memphis, Tennessee, the assent of that State
shall bo had to make use of the site selected for that ob-
ject.
Mr. MILLER; from the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, reported back, without amendment, the act to
change the time of holding the district and criminal courts
of the county of Washington, District of Columbia.
The bill from the House entitled An act making appropria-
tion for the payment of revolutionary and other pensioners
of the United States for the year ending 30th June, 1846;
and
House bill entitled An act making appropriation forcer-
tain fortifications of the United States for the fiscal year be-
ginning 1st July, 1915, and ending 30th June, 1846, were
read twice, and referred to the Committee on Finance; and
The bill from the House making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department for the fiscal >ear
ending SOth June, 1846, was road twice, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr BAYARD, the previous orders of the
day were postponed, and the Senate resumed the considera-
tion of the bill supplementary to the act entitled An act to
provide for the enlistment of boys in the naval service of the
United States.
On motion by Mr. B , the bill was amended so as to au-
thoii/.e and empower the commanders of vessels to exer-
cise, in foreign ports where there are no consuls, all the
powois exercised by consuls in relation to the marines of
the United States.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the previous orders of the
day were postponed, and the bill for the relief of the legal
repiesentatives of James Bell, deceased, was taken up lor
oonMdeiatioii, as in committee of the whole.
The bill was then amended, on the motion of Mr. F, by
striking out the words '-legal representatives," and insel-l-
ing the names of the persons entitled to the benefit of the
act.
The bill wos then reported to the Senate, and ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time.
On 'motion by Mi. HUNTINGTON, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, ond the Senate took up for con-
sideration, as in committee olthe whole, the bill relating to
revenue cutters and steamers. The amendment of the Com-
mittee on Commerce having been agueed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
J ASSISTANT SURGEONS AND ASSISTANT PUR-
1 SERS.
On motion by Mr BAYA.R1), the Senate took up for con-
sideration, as in committee of the whole, tlu: bill author-
ing the appointment of assistant surgeons and assistant
pursers in the navy
Mr. B moved to' amend the bill by adding at tho end of
the seccnd scction the following:
"No person shall be appointed assistant purser, whose
age isle.ss than tweuty-one yeais, or more than thirty-five
years, and w ho slhUl not have been examined by three pur-
sers, and lound full} competent to keep a set ot books.''
Mr. CRITTENDEN did not see the necessity or pro-
priety of disfranchising those who may be over thirty-five.
There arc many pioper men over thnty-five. He did not
like it. and would propose fort) -live.
Mr. B A YARD said ho did not suppose that his honorable
friend from Kentucky would ever become a candidate for
the distinguished position of assistant puiser. it so, he
should be sony to see him excluded by tho operation of
this rule. It is piopo.sed that there shall be a new class of
assistant pursers, who shall enter scrvice young, and from
which class the pursers shall afterwards be appointed. The
propriety of such a class will be found in the iaot, that the
duties ol purser ar« severe sea duties, which required that
persons when commencing a career of that kind should be
young and vigoious, and capable of adapting themselves to
such service
Jt would be found that the board established during the
administration ot General Jackson to moke iegulalions for
the navy, introduced in their regulations, and applied
that principle to the pursers, and he «ould not see why it
should not be applied to the assistant pursers.
The adoption of this amendment w<ts doing nothing more
than prescribing the lirmfntion in the regulations for
another class, established by this competent board of naval
officers. It was applied by them to the pursers themselves,
and he could sec no reason why the rule would not be aju-
dicious one when applied to thc_new giade proposed to be
raised.
The amendment was agreed to.
Oxi motion by Mr BAi AilD, the bill was further amend-
ed by adding the following:
Sis-f 3 Avj1 br it fin ihn cnocted, That no person shall be
appointed a chaplain m the navy who^e age exceeds thirty
vears, and w ho shall not be a clergj man of liberal acquire-
ments, in sound health, c.nd in regular standing with the de-
nomination to which he belongs His clerical qualifica-
tions shall be established by testimonials from the faculty of
the institution m which he was educated, orlrom some reg-
ular ecclesiastical body with which he is connected, to-
gether with the certificate of a chaplain in the navy, to be
designated by the Secretary of the navy; and the soundness
of his health and constitution shall be established bytfee
certificate of a surgeon in the navy. All chaplains shall
perform at least three years sea service before being order-
ed to navy yards, receiving vessels, or naval hospitals, or
on any other duty on shore; and no chaplain who has not
performed at lea^t three years sea service shall be entitled
to receive pay when on leave of absence, or waiting or-
ders. Every chaplain, after-having performed live years sea
service, shall be entitled to receive an addition of two hun-
dred dollars to his pay.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That when the offices
of chief of the bureau of construction, equipment, and re-
pairs, and of chiefofthe bureau of provisions and clothing,
shall be held by captains in the naval service, the salary of
those officers shall be the same as that of the chief of the
bureau of navy-yards and docks, and in lieu of ail other
compensation in the naval service.
There being no further amendment, the bill was reported
to the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he believed if the Senate right-
ly understood this bill, they would hesitate about making
this addition to the naval service of the United States. The
bill itself was one that seemed to him to require a good
deal of explanation. How was it that it had become neces-
sary to add twelve pursers and fifteen assistant surgeons to
the number already in the service? And why was it that
no man should be appointed a chaplain in the navy who
was over thirty years of age? He had no doubt that his
fiiend [M"r. Bayaed] knew better than he* did, how an ec-
clesiastical authority of this kind ought to be exercised; but,
in his judgment, if he was at all competent to decide, he
should say that no man ought to become a chaplain until he
was thirty. Thehonable gentleman, however, took another
view of the question—that no man over thirty should take
this office. He was really astonished at such a proposition
as this.; as much so as he was at this silent sort of mode of
increasing thirty or forty in number the officers of the na-
vy. lie had no doubt the gentleman would be able to give
some explanation upon this subject. For the present, he
moved to lay the bill on the table.
The motion being withdrawn for the purpose of explana-
tion,
Mr. BAYARD observed that the senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Ckxttendkn] expiessed very great surprise in relation
to thepiovisions of this bill, and then confessed that he had
not studied the subject. He (Mr. B.) was not at all sur-
prised that the honorable senator should not be able to sus«
tam his premises. That gentleman could scarcely suppose
that this measure was got up as a mere matter of debate.
If he had turned to the report of the Secretary of the Navy,
he would have seen that the attention of the President and
Congress was drawn to the necessity of this increase in
the naval service. The committee had'made inquiries, and
had called upon the proper authority for a specification of
these wants. They required that information, as to the na-
ture of these wants, in order that they might act under-
standing^ upon this subject; and for the necessity of those
additions, they had the authority ofa board of naval officers,
who had been convened for the expxess purpose of making
regulations for the navy. The gentleman [Mr. Crittfn-
dk.v] had expressed much astonishment at a matter which
he seemed to regard as very strange—the provision relating
to chaplains. The strangeness was in his conception of the
matter—not in the matter itself. It was a regulation prepared
under the auspices of the Secretary of the Navy, with the as-
sent of a most respectable board of ofliceis, that no person
shall be appointed chaplain in the navy who shall not be reg-
ularly ordained, of liberal education, of unimpeachable
moral character, of sound health, and not exceeding thirty
years of age." The gentlemen who composed the board
were quite as competent to judge of the propriety and ncl
cessity of this arrangement as either the Senate or the comf
mittee. Those who had heretofore been there, were rfijiny
of them little better than pensioners. Old men were placed
in a service which required a strong and vigorous constitu«
tion, great familiarity with the chaiacter of the sailor, and
some training in early life, in order to be qualified for the
service at all. Old men who had never been to sea were
put in a service which they were not able to perform, and
then allowed leave of absence on £800 a year. No such per-
sons were wanted in the navy. They required men wrho
were capable of doing duty. So far as clerical education
was concerned, let himfsay, a clergyman did not learn
much after thirty years of age.
It surely did not require tfiirty years to become acquaint-
ed with the fundamental principles of the christian system.
A clergyman did not glow better by age, like an old cask of
Madeira wine. He did not improve in knowledge, like the
surgeon. There was an apparent propriety, therefore, in
this arrangement.
He, (Mr.B..) if he had not seen the pi opriety himself,
would have been perfectly satisfied to rely upon the judg-
ment of the board of officers who had examined this subject.
He had in his pocket a letter from a most respectable cler-
gyman, which took precisely the same view that he did.
He would read a passage from it. [Here Mr. B. read an
extract from a letter, stating that it had been ascertained, by
experience, that veiy few chaplains who had entered the
navy, alter the age of thirty, had acquired those hab-
its which were necessary to the proper discharge of their
duty; and that, as a further evidence ot the necessity of
some restriction of this kind, there had been m the navy
thiee chaplains, who were appointed after they were sixty
years of age; and, so far as the executive was concerned,
he might as well appointed the dead.]
It was a well established fact, then, that the service want-
ed none but efficicntmen, lfitwas possible to obtain such
men by "any limitation of law; 3nd to show the necessit) of
the increase proposed in the bill, he w ould lead a short ex-
tract from the report of the Secretary of the Navy
"An increase of the number of pursers and surgeons is re-
spectfully'recommended. The number of the former is not
sufficient to relieve the commanding officers from the ne-
cessity of performing the duties of purser. For this they
are not compensated, the duties are not professional, and
they are sometimes involved in apparent defalcations, for
want of knowledge of accounts and of the required
