CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the extreme parts of the continent, and even further
if necessary. , •
The gentleman's argument showed that it was his
settled design and policy that Oregon never shall be
a part of this confederacy. The gentleman said
that our title to the country was perfect—then that
there were people enough there to form a govern-
ment, and further that he would leave to themselves
to set up a government of our own. The gentle-
Man's design was to do everything to prevent put-
ting an end to the joint occupancy of the territory;
he would prevent the extending of our laws and
our protection over it, and by this means compel the
people to establish a government of their own, and
leave them^to their fate. And what kind of condition
would this small number of people be placed in, if
thufs left to themselves? Why, they would be liable
to be subdued by the British, forces in the twenty-
three military posts in that territory, aided by the
Indians they have under their control. Harassed
by the Hudson's Bay Company, and the Indians in
their pajr, they will have to place themselves
under British protection to save themselves from
destruction. The settled design, as avowed by
the gentleman, vs>as to prevent the United States
from ever taking possession of this country;
and it was for the House to determine wheth-
er this Union should be confined to its present lim-
its; and whether we shall preserve the territory that
justly belongs to us, by taking possession of it at
once. Gentlemen would not have the boldness to
say that they will give up this territory to Great
Britain; but they doTiave the boldness to show their
■wish that she shall have it, by opposing our taking
possession of it, and our protecting our citizens
there from the aggressions of the Hudson's Bay
Company and the Indians. What was the
argument against our taking possession of this
territory now? Why, it was the old stereo-
typed argument that 1 we should be in-
volved in war by doing so. Why, when it was
propesed to annex Texas to tlie Union, the cry was
war; and now that it was proposed to establish a ter-
ritorial government in Oregon, the cry of war was
again raised. War with Great Britain was the ar-
gument used against the measure. Why should it
produce war? Was it not our own country, and
was not our title to it beyond dispute? Oh, yes,
gentlemen say, the country is ours, but Great Brit-
ain-has a claim on it, and the negotiation has not
et terminated. Has not Great Britain extended
er laws over it, and why should we not extend
ours? Why should our taking possession of our
own, and doing what she has done, produce war?
But gentlemen say that it will be a violation of the
treaty of 1818 to pass this bill. Why, Great Brit-
ain has extended her laws over the country, and has
executed them; and since the execution of the treaty
of 1818, the British Parliament has passed laws ex-
tending their jurisdiction over the whole country.
Now, if Great Britain had a right to extend her
laws over the country, had we not the right to do the
same thing?
Mr. HUNT here rr.ade an explanation, which the
reporter could not hear.
Mr. DOUGLASS was glad to hear the explana-
tion of the gentleman. It was true that the act of
the British Parliament only applied to British sub-
jects, but th  execution of it was highly detrimental
to our rights, and oppressive to our citizcns. By
their Hudson's Bay Company they have taken pos-
session of the whole country; established trading
houses, which were in fact military posts; planted
their colonies, by which they commanded the mouth
of the Columbia river, thus securing the monopoly of
the commerce of that region. There was no neces-
sity for making their laws applicable to any other
than their own citizens. But the question was, had
they a right to extend their laws thereat all? The
gentleman also objected to our establishing military
posts. Had not the British established their mili-
tary posts there? Was not one of these posts almost
up to the South Pass through the Rocky mountains,
so as to control the American citizens who go
through that pass on their way to Oregon? Have
ws not the same right to establish military posts
that England has' Give us military posts, garrison
them with' American officers and soldiers, and he,
for one, would not care much about laws. It was
not laws, nor the civil authority, by winch posses-
sion of the country could be maintained, but it was
by military force that we must take possession of
it as well as keep it. But the gentleman says we must
n*t establish military posts there, because it will lead
fo war. Well, suppose we do not establish them:
T
hi
can we take possession of the country and keep it? If
we should take possession of it without having a
sufficient military force to defend it, the government
will be accused of folly and imbecility for doing ail
act calculated to bring on a war without being pre-
pared to bring it to a successful termination. He
was for preparing for war in time of peace, so as to
meet the crisis when it comes. But if this question
should bring us to war, much as he deprecated it,
much as he loved peace, he would be ready to meet
it. Let us establish our military posts, have our
naval forces on .the coast, and be in a condition to
repel any aggression on the part of Great Britain,
and punish any invasion of our rights; and then, as-
serting our rights and nothing but our rights, if war
should come wc shall be ready to meet it. And
then would those great friends of peace, who stickle
so much for preserving treaties—would they vote for
getting rid of the difficulty by putting an end to the
joint occupancy? Oh, yes, gentlemen would do it,
but for one consideration; and that is, negotiations
are now pending. Well, when have they not been
pending? Why, we have been negotiating for the
last half a century; and if we refuse to act on this
bill now, the British cabinet will keep these negotia-
tions pending here till doomsday, in order to give
their friends on this floor an excuse for defending
them. Was there an intelligent man in that hall
who did not know that the idea of establishing a
boundary between us and Great Britain in Oregon
was hopeless? And why? Because this govern-
ment twice offered to that of Great Britain to make
the boundary at the 49th degree, and they twice re-
fused it.
Since these two offers and two refusals, a British
minister dares not take less than the 49th degree;
and since the new lights that have been thrown on
the subject, an American minister dors not take that.
The consequence was, that every man in his senses
knows that there is no hope of our getting posses-
sion of this country by negotiation. Wo must get
it by other means—means that shall be frank, open,
manly, and honest, such as will command for us the
respcct_ of the whole world. What are they? Why,
first, to' erect a government up to the Rocky moun-
tains, and establish military posts in it, so as to ex-
tend our settlements up to the llocky mountains;
then establish the territorial government of Oregon,
protected by a sufficient military force, and by
having the means of transmitting intelligence across
the mountains, make the people there know and
feel that they are a part of this government, and that
its protection is extended over them. Then the whole
question would be settled. Emigration would in-
crease, and the settlements woukfprospcr and gum
additional strength. But emigration would not
keep up if some measure like the bill under consid-
eration was not adopted. If the doctrine of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania was to prevail, and
the settlements were to be left to themselves, it
would not be longbcfore the whole country would
be abandoned to the British.
Mr. E. J. MORRIS said that the gentleman had
mistaken him. He said that he would protect the
settlers in Oregon till they were able to take nm;
of themselves, and then he would make them a
present of the country, and let them set up a sepa-
rate government for themselves.
Mr. DOUGLASS said he would take the gen-
tleman's meaning aS he explained it. But how
was he to protect the people of Oregon' The gen-
tleman was unwilling to establish military posts
thereto protect the people, because it would be the
cause of war. He was unwilling to protect them
by extending our laws over them, hecuusc he said
it would be a violation of the treaty. How then
would he protect them' Why, as he said, by leav-
ing them to take care of themselves—to driven
out by the Hudson's Bay Company, to be mur-
dered by the Indians, and to be dragged to
Canada, to be. tried by British courts, and in-
carcerated in British dungeons.
He, for one, protested against such a doctrine. He
never would, now or hereafter, yield up one inch of
Oregon, either to Great Britain or any other gov-
ernment. He contemplated tins country becoming
a considerable member of the groat American fami-
ly. He believed that this Union ought to be held
sacred, and that every inch of its territory ought to
be maintained at all hazards. A gentleman behind
him wished to know if it was more important than
Texas. He would answer, no. It was not more
important than Texas, and just as important. Ore-
gon and Texas were like man and wife: when sepa-
rated, the welfare and happiness of both were seri-
ously injured; but when once united, they must be
kept together forever. We want Texas to protect
our commerce in the Gulf, and we want Oregon to
protect our fisheries and our trade With China, and
to put a stop to the unscrupulous aims of Great
Britain at universal dominion. Mr. D. then spoke
of the means by which Great Britain was attempt-
ing to control the whole trade of China, and showed
the means by which we could counteract their
movements, and secure the best part of that trade
to ourselves.
The gentleman asked him if he would vote for
an appropriation of money for the railway, to
which he replied that he would with great pleasure;
and, in order to test that gentleman, if no other
member did it, (and he understood there were some
that were ready to do it,) he would bring in a meas-
ure to authorize a survey of that country for a rail-
road, at this very session. Do that, make the terri-
torial governments in Nebraska and Oregon, and wo
could drive Great Britain and her ships and com-
merce from China. If China could not suppress
the smuggling of opium, we could; and if the na-
tives of the East Indies could not carry on their
own trade, we could do it for them; or, at least, we
could check the violation of the laws of nations by
Great Britain. He expressed his surprise at the
opinions of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
L. J. Morris.] Cede that territory to its inhabit-
ants? If Oregon was to be ceded at all, it would be
to Great Britain; and she had power enough on this
continent. She lmd already run her network of
possessions ami fortifications around the United
States. On the North she had the Canadas, Nova
Scotia, and New Brunswick; and her possession
studded the Atlantic round Cape Horn to the Ore-
gon. She was intriguing for California, and for
Texas, and she had her eye on Cuba. By her nu-
merous possessions, she was enabled almost to con-
trol the commerce of the world: and if she got
Cuba, her power would be enlarged, and she would
lie. better able to control our commerce, curtail our
power, and restrain our growth. Beyond all this,
she instigated a servile war amongst us. Such was
her policy; and, in view of all these things, he again
repeated that it was our duty "in pcacc to prepare
for war."
lie had discussed this subject before the people
of his district in the last canvass; and he there
pledged himself, that the very moment Great Bri-
tain attempted to take possession, by force,of Oregon,
Texas, or Cuba, he would move a declaration of
war in this House, and treat such an attempt as ail
act of war. For himself, he was prepared for any
act to defend ourselves against the aggiessions of
that |>:>wcr. Even a blind man could see the object
of the policy of Great Britain. It was to check the
growth of republican institutions on this continent,
and the rapidity with which we have progressed, not
only in political power, but in trade and commerce
and national glory. Our growth had produced a
great moral effect in Europe; so great, that now
crowncd heads tottered on their thrones; and they
found it necessary, m order to preserve themselves,
to check our onwaid growth. Look at the works
oft lie British government on our uorlh. There
they had constructed a canal by means of which a
slenmer could pass from London to Chicago in for-
ty days. She was trying to get Texas and Cuba;
and it became us lo say, Thus far hast thou gone,
but thou shalt go no farther. Shn also raised ail
exciting question between the North and the South,
under the pretext of philanthropy, and thus she got
the North and the South at war with each other, in
onlci that she might thus accomplish that which she
could not accomplish in any other way. She had
hitherto sought to cheek the progress of this nation
by a war; hut on the field of battle we had taught
them a lesson which was as astonishing to them
and to Europe as was that which our forefathers
taught them, when they proclaimed to the world
the glorious principles of our independence, and es-
tablished our present system of liberty, which had
been the means of astonishment, and had elicit-
ed the admiration of the world. It therefore
bfcamc them to put this nation in a slate of
defence; and when they were told that tins
would lead to war, all he had got to say was this:
violate notrealy stipulations, nor any punciplc of
the law of nations; preseive the honor and integrity
of this country; but at the same time assert our
right to the last inch; and then if war comes, let it
come. They might regret the necessity wlnji pro-
duced it; but when it (lid come, he would adminis-
ter to our citizens Hannibal's oath of eternal enmity,
