CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and not terminate it until the question was all settled
forever. He would blot out the lines on the map
which now marked our national boundaries on this
continent, and make the area of liberty as broad as
the continent itself. He would not suffer rival petty
republics to grow up here, engendering jealousy at
each other, and interfering with each other's domes-
tic affairs, and continually endangering their peace.
He did not wish to go beyond the great ocean—be-
yond those boundaries which the God of nature had
marked out; and he should limit himself to that nat-
ural boundary which was, so clearly marked out.
He had expressed these views, for which no one was
answerable but himself; and if he lived to old age,
the expression of these sentiments would be the last
of which he should repent. It was time now that
some one should speak out, and he hoped we should
hear no more of disunion, much less from any gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. After a few other ob-
servations he resumed his seat.
Mr. SEVERANCE did not believe that at all
times the best way to preserve peace was to pre-
paieforwar, though that might sometimes be the
case. What was the direct question before them?
It was proposed that they should extend the au-
thority of the federal government over the Oregon,
mark out its bounds, and extend their jurisdiction,
and appoint a governor, judges, and other officers,
though he did not sec any provision made for the
establishment of custom-houses at the mouth of the
Columbia river, for the collection of revenue by a
tariff, or any other means to attain the same end
by the sale of lands. If they should go on in the
way proposed, custom-houses would be necessary,
and the next thing would be that they must protect
those custom-houses; and when the British govern-
ment brought supplies for the Hudson's Bay Com-
pany, they must nave a tariff; and would the. House
be prepared for that? In relation to the British mili-
tary posts, of which some gentlemen had spoken,
he said they were but block-houses put up as a de-
fence against the Indians. And the British legisla-
tion for that territory was made to prevent quarrel-
ling ^between the Hudson's Bay Company and the
Northwestern Pur Company, both British com-
panies. That was all the legislation they had done
towards extending their jurisdiction over that terri-
tory. They had in fact hot extended their jurisdic-
tion there; they had only provided for the trial of
their own criminals, wherever they may be, and
nothing more; and he (Mr. S.) was willing that
we should go as far as the British government had
gone, when it should become necessary to do so;
but that necessity did not now exist. The settlers
were going on organizing their own government.
"VVhy not, then, let them alone? He believed they
were competent to do it without our assistance, as
well as with it, though, to be sure, they would not
appoint a governor with a salary of $3,000 a year,
and judges with equal amounts, nor would they ex-
tend our custom-houses and laws there. Let them,
then, try the experiment of free-trade in the Oregon,
and let them also try the experiment of a govern-
ment with civil officers only, and without a standing
army, and arsenals; for if they had these tilings they
would want a revenue. With such a government
as he had suggested, they might save nine-tenths of
the expense usually dependent on the carrying on of
a government, and he should hke to see if they could
not do it. He next spoke of the character of the
ernigulioii of that country. It was our own
people tli.it went there; and ho desired that
the government should let that emigration alone;
and if they should form an independent gov-
ernment for themselves, he knew not that it
would diminish their convenience or happi-
ness. He did not conceive it to be either conveni-
ent orpractic.ilile for this continent to- be made one
government, any more than Europe or Asia. He
did not believe m the assertion that, as the earth can-
not have two suns, Asia cannot have two kings.
Suppose this continent weie made one government:
what would the effect be? Why, here we might
have five hundred millions of inhabitants; and how
were they going to bring so large a population into
one republican government and their representatives
into this hall' Why, each representative would rep-
resent several millions of people; and was that
practicable? He believed the western part of this
continent was so situated that it must be governed
by the people who inhabit it, if their own comfort,
well-being, and convenience were consulted. He
believed the best policy was to let things alone; let
them remain as they are until some necessity should
arise to change the aspect of the state of things.
He hoped no bill would pass to extend our laws over
that territory or to grant sections of lands there.
If any laws were to be extended there it would be
better to extend the laws of Iowa as far as was ne-
cessary; and if it were not necessary, why do it at
all?
Mr. GARETT DAVIS though this question had
been pending long enough; and that it was time that
it should be decided. He should be willing to give
Great Britain notice of our intention to terminate
the joint occupancy in the way provided by the
treaty; but he was not willing to vote for this bill, -
because he deemed it to he in direct conflict with the
3d section of the articles of the convention of 1818.
What was the proposition before the committee?
To extend our jurisdiction and laws over the ter-
ritory of the Oregon to latitude 54 degrees
40 minutes—not only personal but territorial
jurisdiction. Hewould prefer the suggestion which
had been made to extend the laws of Iowa over the
Oregon, and apply them to the persons of American
citizens; but he did not approve of the territorial
character which was proposed to be given to them,
because that would be in conflict with the third arti-
cle of the convention of 1818. The extensionof
British laws was not, as some supposed, of a terri-
torial character. It was personal only, tnd excepted
and exempted the citizens of the United States from
their operation; and he should be willing that wo
should act in precisely a similar manner.
What would be the effect of the passage of this
law? They had heard war dared and braved with
a puerility on this floor, by men who were charged
with the concerns of a great country, and who, by
the declarations they had made, in his judgment, had
shown themselves totally incompetent to have the
charge thus committed to them by the people. For
himself, personally, war had perhaps as little teirora
as for any man in the House; but war was a great
matter—war with Great Britain was a serious mat-
ter. If this measure passed it was war, although
not a declaration of war in form. Organize our
government over Oregon, extend our jurisdiction of
the Territory into the British forts, and let the Pres-
ident of the United States execute this matter, and
there would be immediate, direct, and fearful col-
lisions between the two people. Were gentlemen
prepared for such a measure?
Mr. D. read fiom the convention of 1818, and
argued that this bill would be a violation of its spirit
not only, but of its letter and a breach of national
faith. He said (in reply to the contrary decla-
ration so frequently made) that the British govern-
ment had not extended its jurisdiction over our citi-
zens there, but that it had expressly exempted them
from it. He was for asserting our right to Oregon
—for asserting it deliberately.—and when we had
agreed on the wisest and most efficacious mode of
maintaining that right, he was for supporting that
measure by all the power in this country. In rela-
tion to tho mode indicated by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] he thought it would
probably meet with great unanimity of support in
this House. On a matter of this kind, that might
lead ultimately to a war between the United States and
Great Britain, we ought to pause and deliberate
before we took the decisive step. If war was to come
on an assertion of our nights or on a point of honor,
let it come; but let it be avoided as long as it could
be. Let us place ourselves clearly in the right, not
merely in the judgment of others, but in our own
judgment, lie trusted that the course of the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Oivf.n] would be taken;
that this bill would be laid aside, and the resolution
directing the President to give this notice for the
termination of the convention be taken up.
Mr. ADAMS said he confessed he felt great dis-
couragement from the manner in which this bill
was being driven through. He had endeavored to
state a few days sinco to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories, [Mr. A. V, Brown,] that
there was some inconsistency between the act of
this House, by which the expenditure of three or
four thousand dollars was oidered to enlighten all
the members of this House on the great subject
after all—on this "indisputable" title. After this—
after a call on the executive for the present state of
the negotiation so long continued on this subject—■
that they were to take the question to-morrow, be-
fore they could, by possibility, piocure these books,
or receive the answer from the President to their
resolution., discouraged him. He had referred to
this purchase of books by the House. The chair-
man of the committee said he did not vote for it.
This might be a good reason for the gentleman, but
this information had been ordered by an almost
unanimous vote of this House—a vote of 176 to 4;
and he thought the House would do as well to ad-
here to their own opinion, expressed by this order;
aad not to pass this bill, as they were called on, in
something like- a dictatorial manner, by the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories, to do.
It discouraged him; and he must draw the infer-
ence from it that anything further that, ho could say
would be as the idle wind, to which this House would
pay no sort of attention. The more he reflected on
this subject, the more he wanted that information
which the House had chosen to purchase at the ex-
pense of the people, and which they had called on
the executive for. He could not help thinking with
this state of .negotiation with the most powerful na-
tion on earth, on a subject of as great importance
as ever had been or ever would be brought be-
fore this House, that there was something like a
strange precipitation and rashness m attempting to
decide this question thus hastily; and the House, if
they passed this bill, would have pronounced their
own condemnation by the act which had preceded
it. It was a serious thing. The gentleman from Il-
linois, [Mr. Dohglass,] who had recently sat down,
was extremely belligerent on this subject; he told
them that they must not only pass this bill, but that
they must pass other bills. He says that the British
have got three and twenty military posts beyond the
Rocky mountains, at the mouth of the Columbia
river; and that we must have military posts also:
This bill provided for the erection of five military
posts, which were to go only to the Rocky moun-
tains. If he understood the gentleman right, we
were to have twenty-three military posts to fight
John Bull with his military posts, and we must do
it the moment we take this exclusive possession!
It was not without much serious deliberation that
he had come to the determination, before this debate
commenced, to agree to give notice to the British
government that this thing must be settled; that we
could negotiate no longer; that we claimed exclusive
lght there. We had agree to suspend a final deci-
sion on this subject by the convention of 1818—
twenty-seven years ago. Why had we come to that
conclusion at that time? Because we did think there
was some substance in the claim of the British gov-
ernment, and that it was a fair and honorable
propsition to them to compromise—to give up
our claim as far as 49 degrees, rather than fight
for it. What, at that time, was the alternative to
this mutual suspension of the decision of the claim*
of the two countries? It was instant war. The
convention was negotiated by one of the ablest ne-
gotiators ever concerned in the affairs of our country
—by Albert Gallatin. He had before him the ne-
gotiation at the time of that conference with the
British government—the propositions made on both
sides—the sacrifices actually made on both sides, in
order to come to an understanding. It was a very
probable thing that the President of the United
States, if he answered at all the resolutions of the
House on this subject, might send these papers to
this House. He did not know that they were in
the possession of any member of this House, un-
less, perhaps, the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. These were papers communicated
confidentially to the Senate of the United States be-
fore the issue of that negotiation; they were printed
confidentially by the Senate, and he (Mr. A.) made
now what little use he should make of them, be-
cause he considered that that confidence was no
longer binding, and because they contained a vast
deal of information which every member of this
House ought to possess, before deciding upon this
great and terrible question. This showed the whole
process of the negotiation between Great Britain
and our government; it showed the discussion be-
tween the two governments of almost every ques-
tion they had now discussed here ; upon the ques-
tion what should be the extent of exclusive juris-
diction; upon the question what was the effect of the
act of the British Parliamentof 1891: it showed the
reasons why the United States could not pass a sim-
ilar act on their part; the points on which they ap-
proached towards agreement; and the further deter-
mination that they could not agree, and must throw
over the subject to a future time. This was in
1818, when we had just come out of a war, which
made us all think a great deal mors of what war
was, than, judging from the proposed action of this
House on this bill, we did now. Take his word for
it, if they did hit upon a war on this subject, there
would soon be thoiisands and millior s of the peo-
