234
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
suoh committee as may 1)6 appointed by the House to as-
certain and report a mode of examining and counting the
votes for President and Vice President, and of informinir the
persons elected of their election.
On motion, it was ordered that the Chair appoint
the committee; when Messrs. Walker, Wood-
bury, and Dayton, were announced as the commit-
tee on the part of the Senate.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, it was
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate any correspondence
or other information in the possession of the government
relative to the operations of the United States squadron on
the west coast oi Africa, the growth, present condition, and
influence of the American colonies there; and the natuie,
extent, and progress of the commerce of the United States
with the same.
POST OFFICE REFORM.
The general orders having been called, the unfin-
ished business of Thursday was resumed, being the
furth« consideration, as in committee of the whole,
of the bill to reduce the rates of postage, to limit and
correct the abuse of the franking privilege, and for
the prevention of frauds on the revenues of the Post
Office Department.
The pending question was on Mr. Bagby's mo-
tion to exempt from the repeal of all laws heretofore
conferring the franking privilege, that now enjoyed
by members of Congress, delegates from Territories,
and the clerk of the House of Representatives and
secretary of the Senate.
Mr. MERRICK explained that the fifth section
of the bill provided for the repeal of all laws hereto-
fore made by Congress conferring the franking priv-
ilege. The amendment proposed would suffer the
repeal to take effect with regard to every one else
enjoying the franking privilege at present, and re-
tain it to the members of Congress only, and the clerk
of the House and secretary of the Senate.
Mr. BAGBY said his object was to preserve to
members of Congress the franking privilege. On
this question he called for the yeas and nays; which
was ordered.
The question was then taken and resulted in the
negative—yeas 16, nays 24, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley, Bagby, Barrow, Bates, Benton,
Berrien, Clayton, Colquitt, Evans, Foster, Hannegan, I-le)-
wood, Johnson, Lewis, Semple, and Walker—1G
NAYS—Messrs. Atherton, Bayard, Breese, Buchanan,
Dix, Dayton, Dickinson, Fairfield, Francis, Huger, Hunting-
ton, Jarnagin, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Niles,
Pearce, Porter, Rives, Sturgeon, Upham, White, and Wood-
bury—24.
Mr. MERRICK now offered the amendment
which he gave notice of on Thursday—namely, to
strike out from the seventh section "all ex-Presi-
dents of the United States, the widow of any ex-
President of the United States, all ex-Vice Presi-
dents of the United States," and to insert in the
eighth line the words "all" "and," "relating to their
official duties." The object of the amendment was,
not to reconfer on ex-Presidents, widows of cx-Presi-
dents, and ex-Vice Presidents, the franking privi-
lege abrogat#d by the fifth section, and to confine the
privilege reconferred upon the President, Secretaries
of the executive departments, Postmaster General,
and Attorney General, to "letters and packages re-
lating to their official duties."
As the amendment was susceptible of division, he
would first take the question on striking out the ex-
officials above named.
Mr. JARNAGIN saw no reason why the privi-
lege should be left with the President and his cabi-
net, and hoped the senator would include them in
the motion to strike out.
Mr. MERRICK explained that, by the second
branch of the amendment, forming the second ques-
tion, the privilege to them would be confined to let-
ters and packages relating to their official duties.
Mr. JARNAGIN said there was no necessity
whatever for the privilege in relation to official du-
ties, as another section of the bill empowered the
heads of departments to keep a list of their post-
ages, and obtain the amount from their respective
C°MrSMERRICK remarked that the senator would
obtain his object, by moving to strike out the first
part of the section down to the words, "And the
act of Congress entitled an act authorizing the gover-
nors of States to transmit by mail certain books and
^m'^jaRNAGIN ^^4 that would do. His
object was to take from the officers of the govern-
ment the privilege of franking.
The amendment as amended by Mi. J. was
a^J$r?HUNTINGTON moved to strike out the
8th section of the bill, which gives to members of
Congress, delegates from Territories, the clerk of the
House "of Representatives, and secretary of the
Senate, the privilege of receiving postage free dur-
ing each ression of Congress, and 30 days before,
and 30 days thereafter, mailable matter not exceed-
ing in each letter or package two ounces, and al-
lows postage on excess of weight over two ounces,
if on official or legislative duties, to be refunded out
of the contingent fund.
He was in favor of abolishing the franking privi-
lege altogether, and could not conceive any just
reason why members of Congress should be more
favored than the chief officers of the government.
Mr. MERRICK explained the nature of the 8th
section of the bill: it was for the Senate to decide
whether it should be retained or not.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said his objcct was simply
to place all persons connected with the administra-
tion of the government, whether in an executive 01*
legislative capacity, 011 the same footing with respect
to this subject. It was on the principle of giving
cheap postage a fair trial that even in Great Britain
the privilege of franking was given up, not only by
members of Parliament, but by the highest dignita-
ries of the government.
After a few conversational remarks between Mr.
HUNTINGTON and Mr. MERRICK, the yeas
and nays were called for and ordered on this ques-
tion, and resulted—yeas 15, nays 20, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley, Barrow, Berrien, Buchanan,
Francis, Hannegan, I-Iaywood, Huntington, Jarnagin,
Morehead, l'helps, Simmons, Sturgeon, Upham, and
White—15.
NAYS—Messrs Athei ton, Bagby, Benton, Clayton, Col-
quitt, Dix, Dayton, Dickinson, K\ans, Fairfield, linger,
Johnson, Lewis, Merrick, Miller, Niles, Pearce, Porter,
Rives, and Woodbury—20.
So the Senate (as in committee of the whole) re-
fused to strike out the 8sh section.
Mr. HUNTINGTON next moved to amend tho
bill in the tenth section, (which is prohibitory of
private expresses for the conveyance or transporta-
tion of mailable matter,) by inserting in the eleventh
line, an exception, so far as regards "newspapers,
pamphlets, magazines, and periodicals." The object
of his amendment was to leave free to the publishers
of newspapers and periodicals, the right of tians-
mitting them to their subscribers in whatever man-
ner they might think proper, without being sub-
ject to any pains or penalties whatever. He called
to the minds of senators the fact known to them all,
that the patronage orcountry newspapers and cheap
periodicals was derived from those induced to sub-
scribe for them by the very circumstance of such
publications being left at their houses, or in their
immediate neighborhood for them; and that if they had
to send any distance to a post town for such publi-
cations, the trouble and inconvenience would pre-
vent them from taking them at all. Besides, the
operation of such a provision would be onerous
and unpopular to a high degiee. What could ap-
pear more odious than to inflict the penalties of this
section upon the carriers of newspapers between New
York and Brooklyn, and between Cincinnati and
Covington, when they had only to cross a ferry to
distribute ther papers, yet would be subject to pen-
alties for doing it? The effect would be to break
up all the small newspaper establishments through-
out the country. He hoped his amendment would
prevail.
Mr. MERRICK thought it exceedingly mortify-
ing to find a bill of such importance commanding so
little attention 111 relation to its fundamental princi-
ples and provisions. The point 111 which the whole
success of the measure depended, was the protec-
tion of the department from the competion of private
expresses. If this amendment was adopted, the
main principle of the bill would be entirely defeated.
Permit publishers to send their mall bogs with lock
and key, over which the depaitment could have no
control 01* supervision, and it would be impossible
to prevent letters, packages, and all sorts of maila-
ble matter being put into thern, and conveyed to
their destination outside of the mail. The Post-
master General had tried the experiment in some
special cases of allowing publishers of newspapers
to send their newspaper bags by special express,
and the result was, that, in some instances, detec-
tions were made of mailable letters and packages be-
ing transported in those bags, thereby defrauding
the department of its revenue.
Mr. BUCHANAN inquired if the amendment
proposed would enable newspaper publishers to
distribute their papers to their subscribers in what-t
ever manner they should prefer.
Mr. MERRICK replied that the same thing could
be done without the amendment; as all the publish-
ers would have to do would be to make a request to
the Postmaster General for his assent, and it would
be granted, Reserving to the department the right of
controlling and supervising the agents, so that frauds
on the revenue of the department might be prevent-
ed. The bill, in case of such license of distribution
being gfantcd, provides that, over the distance of
thirty miles allowed for the circulation of newspa-
pers free of postage, there shall be charged on all
newspers sent in this manner by private agents, the
net postage which the departmentwould receive on
them if sent through the mail; this, allowing for the
expense of transportation incurred by the publishers
themselves, would bo about a third of the usual
postage.
Mr. HUNTINGTON had no expectation that
his amendment would have called for so much dis-
cussion or opposition on the part of the senator from
Maryland; but nothing he had said convinced him
of the propriety of such a control over tho public
The subject was debated at great length by Messrs.
HUNTINGTON, NILES, and PHELPS—all, ex-
cept Mr. MERRICK, being in favor of the amend-
ment; and it was at last decided by yeas and nays,
that the distribution of newspapers, pamphlets, mag-
azines, and periodicals, should be left free to tho
publishers without any control of the department
except with regard to publications sent in the ordina-
ry way by mail.
On this question (Mr. Huntington's amendment)
the vote was—yeas 21, nays 18, as follows:
YKAS—Messrs Atherton. Bagby, Bates, Benton, Berrien,
Breese, Dix, Dickinson, F.Vans, Fairlleld, Francis, Hay-
wood, Huntington. Jarnagin, Miller, Niles, Phelps, Poitur,
Simmons, Uj>hum, tmtl Woodbury—'jl.
NAVS—Messrs. Ashley, Atchison, Barrow, Buchanan,
Clayton, Colquitt, Fostei, Hannegan, Huger, Johnson, Lew-
is, Mangum, Merrick, Morehead, I'earce, ltives, Sturgeon,
and White- 18.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the vurious
sections of the bill defining the prohibitions and pen-
alties in relation to private expresses and penalties
were amended so as to except from such provisions
"newspapers, pamphlets, magazines, anu periodi-
cals."
Mr. MERRICK declared that, with these amend-
ments, he would not give a button for the protection
the bill would afford to the revenue of the depart-
ment; and had the action of the Senate been final 111
regard to them, he should not think it worth while
to say any more; but as he had yet some hopes that,
upon further consideration, after the bill was report-
ed, the amendments just now adopted would be non-
concurred in, he would go on to perfect the bill as
much as posaibl# while in committee.
On his motion, a verbal amendment at the end of
the third section was adopted, the object of which
was to provide that drop-postage, and the charge on
letters for advertising, shall be accountcd for as other
postages now are.
Another of Mr. M.'s amendments adopted was,
to take away the restriction to 100 miles of the low-
est rate of postage on pamphlets, magazines, and
periodicals—making the lowest rate cents for one
ounce, arid 1 ccnt for each additional ouncc, the uni-
form postage for any distance.
Mr. M. now moved to amend the bill in the
sixteenth section, at the nineteenth line, the provi-
sion of which is, "But nothing in this act con-
tained shall be so construed as to prohibit any per-
son whatever from transporting, or causing to be
transported, over any mail route, &e , any books,
magazines, pamphlets, or newspapers, not marked,
directed, or intended for immediate distribution to
subscribers or others, but intended for sale or mer-
chandise, &c.,  by inserting, after the word news-
papers, "by special agent, unaccompanicd by man-
uscript matter, with the consent of the Postmaster
GeneraF, and subject to his supervision, &c."
Mr. M. stated that the object of his amendment
was to repair, as far as possible, the injury done to
the bill by the amendment of the senator from Con-
necticut. It was absolutely necessary, for the pro-
tection of the department, to give the power of con-
trolling the transmission of those publications to
the Postmaster General, and of having over that
transmission a sufficient surveillance to prevent
frauds on the revenue of his department.
The amendment was opposed by Messrs. JAR-
NAGIN, HUNTINGTON, and BAGBY. .It was
considered as a revival of the same question, in sub-
stance, just decided by the Senate on Mr. n-
tington's motion.
