CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted an amendment provid-
as an additional section of the bill, in sub-
stance, that in case the experiment of cheap postage
should fail, no diminution of the present mail facili-
ties should take place; and that in order to sustain
the department, and enable it to extend its opera-
tions to the wants of the country, (in case it should
be necessary to supply it with means irom the pub-
lic treasury,) the sum of $750,000, provided for in
the bill for the contingency of a deficit in the Post
Office revenue, be increased to §4,500,000, the full
annual expenditure required.
Pending the consideration of this amendment,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 3, 1845.
Thejournal having been read,
Mr. SAMPLE presented the following joint res-
olutions of the legislature of the State of Indiana,
viz:
For the reduction of the rates of postage.
For the gradual reduction of the price of the
refuse public lands in the State of Indiana.
Praying a grant of land to construct the northern
cross railroad in the States of Illinois and Indi-
ana.
Praying a grant of land in the Vincennes land
district, for the completion of the Wabash and Ohio
canal.
Praying a grant of land for the completion of the
northern end of the Central canal.
For the improvement of the navigation of AVa-
bash river; and
Praying that notice be given to the government
of Gfreat Britain, that it is the desire of the govern-
ment of the United States to annul and abrogate the
treaty between the two governments, relative to
the joint occupation of the Oregon Territory by the
two governments.
For the completion of the Cumberland road and
the harbor of Michigan city.
All of which were ordered to lie upon the table
and be printed.'
Mr. Gr. W. JONES, on leave, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution: which was considered and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to leport to this House the articles,quantity, value, agfcie-
gateMulies,|rate of dulj', and the rate of duly per cent ad
valorem actually puid upon all foreign goods, wares, and
merchandise, imported into the United states during tho
year ending December 31, 1844.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of Oliver
Frost, of Banger, Maine, asking remuneration for
certain duties paid by him on lumber transported
down the St. John's river, to the British piovince
of New Brunswick: referred to tho Committo on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. ADAMS presented the memorial of the Na-
tional Institute, asking Congress to afford them
some aid: referred to a select committee of five.
Mr, THOMASSON presented certain resolutions
of the legislature of Kentucky: one of which wa.s
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and the other to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
Mr. SIMONS presented the memorial of \V. W.
Ellsworth and others; which was referred to tho
Committee on the Library.
On motion of Mr. P. KING, the Committee on
Commerce v,*as discharged from the further consid-
eration of the memori il of Cudwalkidcr Evans, and
the same was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
TEXAS.
Mr. LABRANCHE presented the resolutions of
the legislature of Louisiana, in favor of the annexa-
tion of Texas to the Union; which were laid on the
table.
Mr. ELLIS, from the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, to whom were referred the memorials of Ben-
jamin E. Green and Armand Donnet, made reports
on the same; which were referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the State of the Union.
Mr. WETHERED, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, to which had been refeired the
bill from the Senate giving the assent of Congress
to the act of the Virginia legislature, entitled An act
further to amend the act to incorporate the Chesa-
peake and Ohio Canal Company, reported the same
without amendment. Mr. W. then asked that the
bill be put on its passage.
Mr. C. JOHNSON asked the gentleman who had
reported this bill, if the committee had inquired how
far the United States would be bound if the compa-
ny should boirow money; or whether this bill
would not authorize them to sacrifice the whole
stock of the United States if they should borrow
more money, and be unable to pay it in another
way.
Mr. WETHERED said that the bill did not, in
any way whatever, bind the United States.
Mr. STEENROD stated that this bill would give
the company no more authority than they have by
the existing laws. This bill was nothing more than
to extend the time for the completion of the w©rk.
After some conversation between Messrs. C.
JOHNSON-, J. P. KENNEDY, BRENGLE, and
HOPKINS,
Mr. PARMENTER moved to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. CAUSIN advocated the passage of the bill.
Mr. S. CARY and Mr. WETHERED entered
into some explanations.
Mr. ANDRRW STEWART moved the previous
question.
Mr. THOMPSON moved to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. G, W. JONES called for the yeas and nays
on that motion; and they were ordered.
After a brief conversation, Mr. THOMPSON
withdrew his motion to lay the bill on the table,
and Mr. STEWART withdrew his motion for the
previous question.
Mr. MURPHY moved that the bill be committed
to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. C, JOHNSON addressed the House in ex-
planation of this bill, and in opposition to this gov-
ernment being made liable for any further sum for
the canal in question.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY replied.
Some other conversation ensued, in which Mr.
E. J. BLACK, Mr. BAYLY, Mr. HOPKINS,
Mr. HARALSON, Mr. CAUSIN, and others took
part. *
Mr. ITARALSON moved to lay the bill on the
Speakers table in older to give oppoitunity for fur-
ther examination.
Mr. A. STEWART warmly opposed the motion,
and urged the necessity of an immediate passage of
the bill, asit was to be acted on by the legislature of
Maryland, which was to adjourn on Monday next.
About twelve millions of dollars had been expended
on this work and one and a half million of dollars was
required to complete the work. This bill proposed
no appropriation by the general government, but
merely to allow to the company the poor privilege
of going on and completing the work on their own
resources.
Mr. WETHERED trusted, after the explanations
they had had, the motion to lay on the table would
be withdrawn.
Mr. HARALSON said he had made the motion
at the request of a gentleman from Maryland. lie
would withdraw it as he was urged to do; but if a
vote was now pressed on the bill, he would vote
against it.
Mr. CAUSIN hoped the bill would be laid on the
table for the present.
Mr. HOPKINS argued that it must go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
under the rule, as it involved an appropriation, on
ccrtain contingencies at least.
If the ciuestion were now to betaken on the bill,
he should move an amendment, so that the bill
should merely ratify what was done by the legisla-
tures of Maryland and Virginia, and not render the
government liable to pay another dollar.
The SPEAKER said the bill was not now open
to amendment
Mr, J. P. KENNEDY explained, and warmly
advocated the bill; and in reply to Mr. Hopkins,
argued that it was unnecessary to refer it to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Some conversational argument arose between
Messrs. HOPKINS and KENNEDY on this
point.
Mr JONES moved to lay the bill on the table;
and, on that motion, he called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was taken and decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 7'2, nays 123, as follows:
i'fc AS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Belser, Benton, Bid-
lack, Blackwell, William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Cald-
well, Carpenter, Jeremiah E. Cary, Shepard Gary, Catlm,
C^bb, Ciuiom, Daniel, Richard l5. Davia, John W. Davis'
Dean, Duncan, Dunlap, Farlee, Ficklin, French, Hannibal
Hamlin, Hammett, Haralson, Kernels, Hoge, Hopkins
Houston, Hughes, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Cave John-
son, Andrew Johnson, George W.Jones, Andrew Kennedy,
Preston King, Lumpkin, McCauslen, Maclay, McConnell,
McKay, Mathews, Norris, Parmenter, Rathbun, David S.
Roid, Reding, Relfe, Russell, S3t. John, Thomas H Seymour,
Simons, Stetson, John Stewart, Alfred P. Stone, Strong,
Taylor, Thompson, Tucker, Benjamin White, Williams,
Woodward, Yancey, and Yost—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer,
Barnard, Bayly, James Black, James A Black, Bower,
Brengle, Brodhead, Milion Brown, Buffington, Campbell,
Carroll, Causin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman,
Chappell, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman, Coles, Collamer, Cran-
ston, Cross, Dana, Darragli, (iarrett Davis, Deherry, Dellet,
Dickey, Dillingham, Douglass, Dromgoole, Ellis, Rimer,
Fish, Florence, Foot, Foster, Fuller, Giddings, Goggin, By-
ram Green, Gnnnell, Grider, Harper, Hays, Henley, Hu«
bard, Hubbell, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Charles J. Inger-
soll, Joseph R- Ixjgersoll, Irvin, Jameson, Jenks. Perley B.
Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Labranche,
Leonard, Lucas, Lyon, McClelland, McDowell, Mcllvame,
Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Isaac E.
Morse, Moseley, Murphy, Newton, Owen, Patterson, Payne,
Pettit, Peyton, Phoenix, Pollock, Elisha R. Potter, Pres-
ton, llamsey, Rittor, Robinson, Rockwell, Rodney, Ro-
gers, Sample, Schenck, Senter, Severance. David L. Sey-
mour, Simpson, Slidell, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb
B. Smith, Steenrod, Andrew Stewart, James W. Stone, Sum-
mers. Sykes, Thomasson, Tibbatts, Tildeu, Tyler, Vance,
Vanmeter, Vinton, Weller, Wentworth, Wethered, Whea-
ton, John White, Wmthrop, William Wright, and Joseph
A. Wright—123.
The question recurring on referring the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. PETTIT expressed the hope that this bill
would not be referred. He saw no good reason
why it should not pass; on the contrary, there was
good reason why it should pass at once; for if the
legislature of Maryland was to adjourn in a week,
as the gentleman from Maryland said, there would
be little time for them to act on it. Crpnflemen were
mistaken in supposing that this government would
be bound for any money that this company might
borrow. He had looked into the bill, together with
the act of the legislature of Virginia, and was sat-
isfied, from an examination of both these acts, that
no responsibility would be incurred by the United
States. There was no provision in the bill that
could in the slightest degree affect this govern-
ment.
Mr. WETHERED desired to know if the pre-
vious question was sustained, if it would not bring
the House to a direct vote on the bill.
Mr. THOMPSON hoped the gentleman from
Maryland would consent for this matter to be laid over
far the present. The House was anxious to proceed
to another subject, and he was sure this bill would
bo treated with liberality when brought up. While
up, he would observe that at the last session there
was a bill pending to give the stock held by the
United States to the State of Maryland, and he un-
derstood the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Ken-
nedy] to say that Maryland would not accept it.
.Now, if Maryland wanted to borrow the money to
complete the work, and would not accept the stock
held by the United States, was not the inference plain
that they wanted the United States to remain a stock-
holder, in order to be responsible for the money?
He hoped the gentleman would consent to let .this
bill lay over for the present.
Messrs. KENNEDY and WETHERED ex-
pressed their willingness to let the bill be passed
over informally, so that it could be taken un without
delay.
Mr. CARY observed that the advocates of this
bill pressed it on the ground that the stock of this
company was worth nothing; and yet they suppos-
ed that they could borrow money on the faith of it.
Now, if Congress authorized the borrowing of this
money on the faith of a bankrupt State and a bank-
rupt corporation, the government would be consider-
ed as an endorser, and would, in the end, have to
pay the money.
If this stock was entirely worthless, as gentlemen
said, he should like to know how the moiiey could
be borrowed, if not on the faith of the United
States.
Mr. BAYLY said that, with the gentleman's per-
mission, he would make an explanation that would
show him how this stock could be made valuabe.
Some eight 01 ten millions had been expended on
this canal; but as it was not carried far enough to
reach the coal region where it was originally intend-
ed to carry it, it was as yet entirely unproductive;
but by carrying it some twenty miles further up to
Cumberland it would be very valuable. Hence
capitalists would be willing to advance their money
when they saw that the expenditure of it in the way-
contemplated would render the canal productive.
After some further remarks fsom Mr. CARY,
