CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcE.
Barnard, Brengle, Milton Brown, Campbell, Carroll, Cau-
sin, Reuben Chapman, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman, Coles,
Collamer, O. Davis, Richard D. Davis, Deberry, Fish, Foot,
Goggin, Grinnell, Harper, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Jo-
seph K. Ingeraoll, Jenlts. George. W. Jones, John P. Kenne-
dy, Daniel P. King, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward Joy Morris,
Freeman H. Morse, Moseley, 'Newton, Paterson, Peyton,
Phoenix, Elisha R. Potter, Preston, Rockwell, Rodney, Sen.
ter, Severance, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens,
Andrew Stewart, Summers, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vinton,
John White, Winthrop, and William Wright—69.
So the bill was
HARBORS AND RIVERS,.
Mr. TIBBATTS presented a bill making appro-
priations for improvements on western harbors and
rivers.
Objections were made to its reception.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved a suspension of the
rules, on which the vote was taken, and the SPEAK-
ER decided it was lost.
Mr. TIBBATTS called for the yeas and nays,
pending which a motion was made to adjourn.
The House adjourned accordingly.
The following notices of petitions, presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. ALBERT SMITH: The petition of M. P. Sampson
ana 52 others, citizens of Leroy, New York, praying a re-
duction in the rates of postage.
i3y Mr. DILLINGHAM: The petition of L. D. Porneroy,
of Moretown, Vermont, to have letter postage reduced to
two cents: referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
By Mr. TIBBATTS: The memorial of Washington Miller
and 171 others, passengers on the steamboat Yorktown, Mis-
sissippi liver, 16th December, 1844, praying that Congress
may pass a law which shall compel all steam vessels and
canal engines to use Evans's safety guard to prevent explo-
sions: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. HUBBELL: A petition from Alleghany county,
praying for a law to reduce postage, agreeable to the recom-
mendation of the Postmaster General. Also a petition from
Steuben county, New York, praying a reduction of postage
and a reform in the franking privilege to deputy postmasters
and members of Congress.
By Mr. SEVERANCE: The petition of Nathaniel Treat
and 43 others, of Orono, Penobscot countv, State of Maim*,
for the reannexation of New Brunswick to the United
States.
By Mr. WKLLER: The petition of P. P. Lowe, Robert
Brovvn, and 400 others, citizens of the State of Ohio, repre-
senting the present condition of the Cumberland road, and
praying an appropriation therefor at the present session: re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, where the Senate hill is now pending.
By Mr. N.OSKL&Y: The petition of George W. Johnson
and seven others, for abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia, Sec , &.c., &c.
By Mr. ROCKWELL: The petition of 66 citizens of Otis,
Berkshire count)', Massachusetts, lor establishing the post-
age at the uniform rate of two cents, prepaid for evei) let-
ter in weight not exceeding half an ounce for all distances
within the United States, and for abolishing the franking
privilege.
By Mr. CATLIN: The remonstrance of flenry Hammond
and 5S others, citizens oi Pomfret. Connecticut, against the
annexation ol'Texas as a slaveholding Territory: referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
By Mr. CARROLL: The petition of 100 citizens of Onta-
rio count)', New York, in favor of the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia and in the Territories of the Uni-
ted States.
By Mr T. H SEYMOUR: The memorial ofcifkens of
Hartford, Connecticut, and its vicinity, asking for a reduc-
tion of the rates of postage throughout the United States to
two cents, and for the abolition of the franking privilege:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
By Mr. HOGE: The petition of 240 citizens of the State of
Illinois, praying the establishment of a mail-route fiom Pe-
oria io < Jalena, m said State of Illinois, via Mount Hawlev,
Wyoming. Touloa, Wethersheld, Genesee, Portland, Propn-
eUtown, Lynden, Union Grove, Dyson Settlement, and Sa-
vannah The petition of J. B. Patterson, John S. Pollock,
Harvy Jenings, and 92 others, citizens of the State of Illi-
nois, praying the establishment of a mail-route from Oquan-
ka, in Henderson county, to Warsaw, in Hancock county,
in said State of Illinois, via Warren, McQueen's Mill, (Sho-
kokon,) East Bend, Apanoooe, and Nauvoo: which were
respectively referred to the <_ ommittee of the Whole on the
state of the Union,
By Mr. McCLERNAND: The petition of Charles H. Mil-
ler and others, praying Congress to reduce the postage on
mail matter: referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
By Mr. ST. JOHN: The petition of Joseph H. Larwell
and 64 citizens of Ohio, asking Congress to take possession
of the Territory of Oregon, and to extend the ordinance of
1787 regulating the northwest territory (except such as are
purely local) over the Territory ot Oregon: referred to the
Committee on the Territories.
By Mr. TILDEN: The petition of John Boden Fitch,
praying for a grant of land or money to himself and the
other heirs of John Fitch, in consideration of the great na-
tional benefit conferred by the said John Fitch as the first
inventor of steam navigation in this country.
By Mr. TILDEN: The petition of Daniel Eaton and240
other citizens of Trumbull county, Ohio, praying the emis-
sion of one huifdred and fifty millions of treasury notes, to
be loaned to the States in proportion to their free population
as a circulating medium, lel'eiredto the Committee ofWays
and Means.
By Mr. PRATT: The memorial of Dr. Jones, of New
York, praying that the mechanics might have their fair
proportion of the income of the Smithsonian legacy, to be
devoted to the mechanic arts, and to encourage useful in-
ventions: referred to the select committee on that sub-
ject.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 4, 1845.
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition from John
McColgan, praying the reimbursement of advances
made by him for the support of American seamen
while prosecuting their claim against the British
government, for a vessel seized by the government
for an alleged violation of her revenue laws: referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. P. also presented the credentials of Reverdy
Johnson, esq., elected by the legislature of Mary-
land a senator from that State for six years from
the 4th of March next, in the place of Mr. Mer-
rick; which were read, and ordered to be placed on
file.
Mr. WHITE presented resolutions adopted by
the legislature of lnutana, instructing the senators
and requesting the representatives from that State to
vote for some measures for notifying the govern-
ment of Great Britain of the desire of the government
of the United States to abrogate and annul the treaty
permitting the joint occupancy of the Oregon terri-
tory.
Mr. W. took occasion to say he was anxious to
vote for such measures as" were necessary to keep
up a continuous claim on the part of the United
States to the Oregon Territory. He was prepared
to go further than the legislature of his State instruct-
ed him to go, and to act consistently with his own
views upon the subject.
The resolutions were read, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. W. also presented three other series of reso-
lutions passed by the legislature of Indiana, instruct-
ing the senators and requesting the representatives
from that State to use their exertions to procure the
passage of laws to the folio wing effect, viz:
1. Making a grant of land to the State of Indiana
for the improvement of the Wabash river.
2. Reducing generally the rates of postage, and
making such other modifications in the laws of the
Post Office Department as the interests of the coun-
try may require.
3. Making a grant of land for the completion of
the north end of the Central canal.
The first resolution was referred to the Committee
on Commerce; the second ordered to he on the ta-
ble, and be printed; and the third referred to the
Committee on Public Lands,
On motion by Mr. RIVES, leave was granted to
withdraw from the files the petition of the legal
representatives of William White.
Mr. BAYARD presented a petition from a large
number of the inhabitants of Newcastle county,
Delaware, belonging to both political parties, asking
an appropriation for the construction of a new cus-
tom-house in the city of Wilmington, Delaware:
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. MILLER, it was ordered that
the petition of Samuel H. Thompson, praying for
remuneration for the detention of his ship, the
Argo, from the officers of the United States on the
New Orleans station, be taken from the files, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition from Obadiah
Blunding, of Somerset county, Maine, for a pen-
sion: referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. LEWIS presented a petition from Lewis D.
Homans, a citizen of Washington, praying for com-
pensation for iron furnished for a jail about the year
1814; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented resolutions of the
legislature of Indiana, instructing the senators and
requesting the representatives from that State to use
their exertions to procure an appropriation to the
State of Indiana of the unsold lands in the Vincermes
land district, for the completion of the Wabash and
Erie canal from Terre Haute to Evansville. Also to
procure and an appropriation for the completion of
the Cumberland road and the harbor of Michigan
city; which, both the subjects being disposed of,
were ordered to lie on the table.
Also presented resolutions of instruction by the
same body in favor of a graduation and reduction of
the price of the refuse lands in the State of Indiana.
Also in favor of procuring a grant of land to the
States of Illinois and Indiana to complete the North-
ern Cross railroad; which were severally read, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
ANNEXATION OP CANADA.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from citizens of one
of the States (not named) bordering; on the British
possessions in North America, asking Congress to
take measures to procure the cession of Canada,
with the view of its annexation to the United States
when Texas shall be admitted into the Union.
Mr.D. said he believed this petition was authen-
tic, and similar in its language to that presented yes-
terday by his honorable colleague, [Mr. Dickinson.]
Regarding the decision of the Senate in that case,
and upon other petitions of the same character, as in-
dicative of its wishes in regard to all similar peti-
tions, he apprehended that the proper course would
he to move to lay it on the table. He therefore
made that motion; which was agreed to.
Mr. NILES presented a petition from William
W. Ellsworth, and others, members of the bar in
Connecticut, praying for some action on the part of
the government for a general distribution of the de-
cisions of the Supreme Court: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
Also presented a petition from citizens of Hart-
ford, Connecticut, in favor of the annexation of
Texas: referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
On motion by Mr. DAYTON,
Resolved, That the President be requested to communicate
to the Senate, if in his opinion not inconsistent with the
public interest, whether Mr. Duff Green does now hold, or
has lately held, any diplomatic or official station near the
government of Texas; and if so, what, when appointed, at
what salary, and with what instructions.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he directed to com-
municate to the Senate the record of the magnetic observa-
tions made'at the observatory of the Girard College, at
Philadelphia, which are or may be in possession of the de-
partment.
Mr. ASHLEY presented the resolution which
follows; in doing which, he stated that the transac-
tion referred to in the resolution had not occurred
since the present Commissioner of-the General
Land Office accepted the situation.
The resolution was then read and adopted, as fol-
lows, viz-
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate inform the
Senate if second patents have been issued upon certificates
of sale by the United States for lands which had been pre-
viously patented upon claims adjudicated by the department;
and, if two patents have been issued in any such case, how
many ol such cases—giving the names of the parties in
each case, a description of the land, date of each respective
patent, when and to whom delivered, with copies of all the
papers in each case, and the authority and directions under
which such second patents were issued; also, copies of the
opinions of the Attorney General, if any have been given,
and of the Secretary of the Treasury, or any other officer of
the Treasury Department, touching the propriety or author-
ity of law to issue a second patent while the first patent is
outstanding and m full force.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which was referred
the petition of William Fuller and Orlando Salt-
marsh, praying compensation for carrying the mail
in the State of Georgia, reported a bill for their re-
lief; which was read, and ordered to a second read-
ing.
Also reported back, from the same committee,
with a recommendation that it be indefinitely post-
poned, the bill for the relief of "William P. Allen
and Martin Thomas.
Mr. BARROW, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the petition of the cit-
izens of the city of Fayette, Louisiana, praying
the passage of a law authorizing vessels to pass by
the port of New Orleans before making entry there,
: reported a bill for that purpose; which was read'
i and ordered to a second reading.
| Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported a bill for restricting the granting pensions
to widows; wluch being lead and ordered to a sec-
ond reading,
Mr. B. remarked that there was an exigency
in this case which required that the bill should pass
at once. He said that the object of the bill was to
prevent, in the granting of pensions to widows, their
receiving them for and during any part of the time
their husbands may have received a pension, yet not
to be applicable to those cases where applications
may have been filed in the department prior to the
1st December, 1844.
The bill was, on his motion,- read a second time
taken up as in committee of the whole, considered'
reported to the Senate, read the third time, and
finally passed.
