*•: Vi-rtf-'WfVf?4f pn
238
congressional globe,
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a joint resolution authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to appoint an addi-
tional inspector of the customs for the port of New
Orleans; which being read and ordered to a second
reading, was, on his motion, read the second time
taken up and considered as in committee of the
whole, reported to the Senate, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
Mr. BARROW submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies one dav on the ta-
ble, viz:
Its.soloed, That the secretary of the Senate lie directed to
contract with the proprietor of a chart of soundings made
Captain Levy, extending along the Gulf of Mexico from
the Southwest Pass of the Mississippi to Galveston Island,
for the publication of 5,000 copies, provided that the ex-
pense of lithography, printing, paper, &c., shall not exceed
t\\ enty-five cents per copy, and the expenses of the same
be defrayed out of the contingent fund of the Senate.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back, without amendment, and with a
recommendation that it be indefinitely postponed,
the bill providing for the collection, safe-keeping-,
and transfer, and disbursement of the public reve-
nue.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, to which was referred the memorial of
sundry citizens of Darien, Georgia, praying for the
establishment of a new collection district, reported a
bill to divide the collection district of St. Mary's,
Georgia; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, mads an ad verse report on the petition of James
H. Gale for arrears of pension; which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
On motion by Mr. ATHF.RTON, the Commit-
tee on Pensions was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Thomas Morrison and
others, and Joseph Dudley and others, praying for
an amendment to the laws granting invalid pen-
sions.
The PRESIDENT pro fem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication 1'iom the President of the
United States, transmitting copies of ccrtain resolu-
tions adopted by the general assembly of the
State of Indiana, relative to a distribution of the de-
cisions of the Supreme Court; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
OREGON BILL.
The bill from the House entitled an act to organ-
ize a territorial government in the Oregon Territory
and for other purposes, was read twice, and, on the
motion of Mr. BAG BY, referred to a special com-
mittee which the Chair was authorized to appoint.
The CHAIR appointed the same senators as con-
stituted the Select Committee on Oregon at the
last session.
The engrossed bill entitled An act to amend an
act entitled an act to provide for the enlistment of
boys in the naval service, and to extend the term of
enlistment of seamen, was read the third time, and
passed. [This bill gives the commanders of Uni-
ted States vessels, where there is no resident con-
sul, authority to exercise all the powers which con-
suls usually exercise over mariners of the United
States.]
The engrossed bill entitled An act relating to rev-
enue cutters and steamers, was read the third tune,
and passed. [The bill provides that there shall be
no building or purchasing of steamers, unless an
appropriation shall be previously made by law for
that purpose.]
Mr. BAYARD presented a remonstrance by Cad-
wallader Evans, of the city of Pittsburg, claiming
to be the inventor of a delicate mode of preventing
the explosion of steam boilers, against any action
on the claim presented by a Mr. Wright to be the
inventor of a preventive against explosions: refer-
red to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
POST OFFICE REFORM.
The general orders having been announced—
Oil motion of Mr. MERRICK, the unfinished
business of yesterday was resumed—being the fui-
ther consideration, as in committee of the whole, of
the bill to reduce the .ales of postage, to limit the
use and correct the abuse of the franking privilege,
and for the prevention of frauds on the revenues of
the Post Office Department.
The pending question was on the amendment
submitted yesterday by the senator from Arkansas,
[Mr. Ashley,] which was, in substance, to increase
the sum appropriated from the treasury, in the last
section of the bill, from $750,000 to $4,500,000, as
& provisional sum out of which any deficiency from
the receipts of the department to meet its disburse-
ments, without affecting its present efficacy or the
necessary extension of its services, may be made
ffood.
Mr. MERRICK explained that the simple prop-
osition was to quiet the fears of gentlemen who an-
prehenaed that, in consequence of the experiment
of cheap postage, a greater deficiency might arise
than the sum m the original bill ($750,000*) would
make good, so as to enable the department to sus-
tain itself and make such necessary extensions of
its services as the public wants might require. lie
not only had no such apprehensions himself, but he
felt assured that, if the main principles of the origi-
nal biU were adhered to, there would be no occasion
to csl1 «Pon the treasury for any part of the $750,-
000 proposed to be appropriated in the bill itself for
the contingency of a deficiency in the income of the
department. He saw no harm in the amendment;
nor was he aware that it could be of much benefit
in the bill, except, perhaps, bo far as it might tend
to quiet the apprehensions of some gentlemen.
Mr. TAPPAN made a few remake, which were
not heard so as to be understood in the gallery.
Mr. ASHLEY remarked, that although lie agreed
with the department that §750,000 might be suf-
ficent to supply any deficiency, and give us all the
mail facilities which we now enjoy, yet as it was
an untried experiment, if they should misjudge in
the matter, it was in his State that the effects would
beniostseriously felt,and the facilities which they now
enjoyed lost. The sparsely poitions of (he country
would be thefnst to suffer. Whenever there should
be a deficiency, the effect would be felt there, in nil
unfair degree, and the burden thrown upon them.
He therefore asked for the adoption of this twen-
ty-third section, to guard against a possible con-
tingency winch might cut the State which he had
the honor 111 part to represent out of all the mail
facilities which it now enjoyed. If gentlemen
should misjudge in regard to the amount'of loven-
ue afforded by this bid, their misjudgmcnt would be
the means of a serious deprivation to Ills portion of
the country; and while there was room for niNjiidg-
ment, he hoped they would allow this provision to
be incorporated in the bill.
Mr. PHELPS said he did not regard this amend-
ment in precisely the same lightas the chairman of the
Committee on Post Offices regarded it. It appeared to
him (Mr. P.) to be tacking the department upon the
shoulders of the treasury. If he understood the
proposition, it was this, that if, in the future opera-
tions of the Post Office Department, intended to
meet the exigencies of that department, and to satis-
fy the public wants, it should be found that the in-
come should not be sufficient to meet the expendi-
tures, the deficiency should bo supplied from the
public treasury. In his judgment, the result of'this
proposition was simply that the department should
be supported at all events, and under all circum-
stances, out of the public trrasury. lie was not
prepared to agree to a proposition of this kind. He
was perfectly willing, as lie had stated heretofore, to
extend to the department such temporary aid as
might be necessary under existing circumstances.
He was willing to reduce the rates of postage with a
view of putting an end to the complaints now made
against the system. He was willing to do this even
at the risk of thereby throwing the expenses of the
department in some measure upon the public treasury,
until the object could be effected. Hut when a prop*
osition is made to put the expenses of the depart-
ment upon the public treasury as a permanent charge
for all time to come, he was not exactly prepared at
this moment to adopt it. Indeed, in his judgment
the proposition of the senator from Arkansas [Mr.
Ashley] presented the most important feature in
the bill, and involved the most senous question
which had been presented to the Senate in the course
of this discussion. It was simply this: is Coi.giess
prepared to assume at once the payment of all the
deficiencies which may occur in the course of the
administration of this system' lie was not pre-
pared to do that, for one. His object in rising was
simply to intimate to the Senate, the nature and
effect of this amendment, as he understood it. If
the Senate were prepared to adopt it, they would of
course do so; but it appeared to him that, under ex-
isting circumstances, it was taking a step which the
exigencies of the department did not demand; and a
step which might hereafter be attempted by very
serious consequences. He had had occasion
heretofore to say that, in his humble judgment,
the difficulties of the , deprrtment had arisen
from the fact that it had been made a mere
political engine, for the purpose of facilitating the
transmission of party views throughout the coun-
ti y. Theie was no department of the government
which had been used so much as a partv ensrine as
this Post Office Department. H y S
If Congress assume at once all obligations in re-
lation to the exigencies of this department, and give
to the head of the department the license to run up
any expenditure, with the guaranty on the part of
Congress that the expenditure will be met by an
appropriation,—why, the bd( then became infinite-
ly worse than ever, and God knows it is bad enough
now.
He regretted the fact that the head of that depart-
ment was a member of the. cabinet. Instead of be-
ing a member of the cabinet by political issue, he
should have been a mere practical business man.
But the department had become what he had said—
a mere political, party engine; and whether it would
ever be brought back to the purpose for which it
was designed, he could not say. At nil events, if
Congress places itself upon the fooling of giving a
guaranty to the department of meeting all expendi-
tures which it might think proper to make, he
would undertake to say that, however enormous
might have been the abuses in relation to this de-
partment heretofore, those abuses would be vastly
increased.
However, he was not. disposed to detain the Sen-
ate with further remarks. II is object in lisiog was
to say that this proposition, if he understood it, in-
volved this great question—whether the Post Office
Department shall, for all time to come, be considered
as having a claim upon the public treasury to meet
all the exigencies which might occur in the course of
its operations?
Mr. NILUS, for various reasons, which he urged
upon the consideration of the Senate, but not heard
distinctly enough in the gallery to be reported, was
in favor of the amendment, and considered it a very
proper one to guard against contingencies in making
the important experiment of cheap postage.
Mr. PHELPS bad a word to say ill reply to the
remaiks of the senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
-Nu.es.] He was awaie that the expenses of the
department were, four millions and upwards: he was
aware that, if the expenditure of the department
exceeded that sum, the appropriation could not be
demanded. But the senator frum Connecticut had
suggested to him precisely the reason which had in-
duced hm> (Mr. P.) to oppose the proposition; and
that was this: he had no hesitation in saying that
the expenditure of the department was altogether
beyond what was necessary; and when he spoke of
retrenchment in the expenditures of that depart-
ment, he did not speak of cutting off the facilities
which the public now enjoy, but of economy in car-
rying on those facilities.' Since the remarks which
he had muile the other day, he had taken occasion
to look into the expenditures of that department in
his ow'ii State; and what did he fmd; He found
that the actual cost of transporting the mail in that
State, beyond the circle of thirty miles, had been
reduced nearly one-half: in other words, the con-
tractor in that State could afford to Carry the mail
now for about one-half the sum that it cost him
some time, ago. He (Mr. P.) would not detain the
Senate by going into particulars. Although by tiieim-
provcmniis in the roads, and although byvanous
lmpiovcments which had taken place in the progress
of'civilization, the actual cost to the contractor had
been diminished nearly one half, yet he found, to
his astonishment, that the compensation given to
the contractor had been in the inverse ratio, nearly
double what it was when the post office system was
first organized. Under these circumstances, his object
was, to compel those who were employed by the
department'—the contractors for the transportation
of' the mails—to reduce in proportion to the im-
provement in the facilities afforded them, while the
department was compelled to reduce the postage
upon mailable matter. The case stood upon this
footing, These rates of postage, when first estab-
lished, were deemed reasonable; they where not
deemed unreasonable, and why? Because the means
of communication throughout the country were im-
proved. The very reason adduced ill favor of a
reduction of the rates of postage was a reason why
the cost of transporting the mail should be reduced?
What said the senator from Connecticut? That he
was opposed to any curtailment of the facilities
afforded by the mails. He (Mr. P.) went with the
honorable senator in that. He would sustain all
