240
CONGRESSIONAL GLOftE.
serting after the word "receiving," the words and
sending, so that member of Congress could not only
receive letters from their constituents free of postage
during each session of Congress, and for thirty
days before, and thirty days after, but send their
letters postage free for the same period.
Mr, SIMMONS did not think that would meet
his object entirely, as he wished the privilege re-
tained of members writing to their constituents, and'
sending them their speeches made in Congress, at
any time leisure at home would allow, during the
whole year, as well as during the sessions of Con-
gress.
Mr. HUNTINGTON objecied that, in any form
the amendment could be put, it would be the same
in substance as the proposition already decided up-
on by the Senate. He was opposed to any such
invidious distinctions as the retaining of the privilege
by members of Congress themselves, after having
denied it to the executive, the heads of depart-
ments, and every one else.
Mr. MERRICK called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS had no disposition to detain the
Senate by further discussion. The question was
very plain. The effect of not adopting this amend-
ment would be that members of Congress could re-
ceive the letters of their constituents postage free;
but if they answer them, their constituents have to
pay the postage. It would be to confer the privilege
of free postage on the representative, but deny it to
the constituent.
Mr. WOODBURY remarked that it was very
obvious that the franking privilege was not a bene-
fit, but a burden, to every member who exercised it,
and that the benefit of it enured entirely to the con-
stituency of members; whereas if the 9th section of
the bill was struck out, and the 8th section was not
amended as he had suggested, the benefit, whatever
it might be, would be taken from the constituency
and given solely to the representative.
Mr. ALLEN regretted exceedingly that in con-
sequence of the fire which had occurred at his
boarding-house, he was not present yesterday in the
Senate when the vote was taken on the amendments
proposed by Ins fiiend from Alabama, [Mr. Bag-
by,] that he might have recorded his vote in favor
of them. He regarded the franking privilege en-
joyed by members of Congress as one not conferred
on them for their own personal benefit, but for the
exclusive benefit of their constituency. Of all the
privileges ever granted by federal or State legisla-
tion, this privilege was the only one he ever knew
that enured to the benefit of the community, or had
the least odor of democracy about it; and yet it was
the very privilege, because it did enure to the benefit
of the community, at which this Senate aimed a
deadly blow.
Mr. A., at considerable length, and with great
strength of argument, was enforcing these views,
WMr. ARCHER, who has been confined by indis-
position for several days, camc into the Senate, and
rose to throw himself upon the courtesy of the sen-
ator from Ohio for a short suspension of his re-
marks, so as to enable him, [Mr. Archer,] duung
the few moments his state of health would permit
him to remain in the Senate, to submit the report of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, touching the
very important subject which claimed public atten-
tion at this crisis.
Mr. ALLEN assented to the request ot the sena-
tor from Virginia, and allowed the bill under discus-
sion to be laid on the table, with an understanding
that when the report was communicated to the ben-
ate, that senator would move to take up the bill
iSMr. ARCHER said that the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom had been referred tne joint
resolution of the House of Representatives for he
annexation of Texas to the United States, and the
virions bills and loint resolutions from the Senate
Tavin" relation to L same subject; ato the various
petitions, memorials, and instructions of the different
States of this Union m relation to the same subjec.^
had directed him to make a report, accompanied by
some resolutions. He moved that the report and
resolutions be laid upon the table and printed. He
Zt occasion to sayf whilst up that he had bee.:. in-
formed by the public printer that the leport couia
beprinted by the day after to-morrow; and he
would now intimate a day to take niapor cons^ el-
ation, but that it was a subject upon which ne
wished to have the decision of the Senate He
wished gentlemen on the other side of the house
especially to intimate their wishes upon this sub-
ject, and name a day to take it up for consideration.
He should be rerdy himself, early or late, at any
time that it might be the desire of the Senate.
He desired to have the resolutions read:
"The committee having thus presented to the Senato the
views which they entertain on tne several questions arising
from the references made to them, especially in relation to
the constitutional power of Congress over the suhject.it
remains only to submit the following resolutions:
"Resolved, That ,the joint resolutions from the House of
Representatives, for the annexation of Texas to the United
States, be rejected.
"Resolved, That the several bills and joint resolutions
originating in the Senate, the resolutions of sundry State
legislatures, and the petitions and memorials of many citi-
zens of the United States, for and against the annexation of
Texas to this Union, which have been reported to this com*
mittee, do lie upon the table."
Mr. BUCHANAN said he did not rise to offer
any observations upon this great question; but mere-
ly to state that he was in a minority of one upon the
committee, and that he should advocate the adoption
of the joint resolutions as they came from the House
of Representatives. He would have made a coun-
ter report upon this subject; but he did not hear this
report read until this morning. It was his intention
to avail himself of the first opportunity which might
be presented to him, of expressing his views to the
Senate in favor of these resolutions from the House,
and against the report. He did not know upon what
day to propose the commencement of this discus-
sion. That might be left for future consideration,
but it would be very well, nevertheless, to fix a time
now, so that the minds of senators might be directed
to the subject.
Mr. ARCHER wished to say that he should ask
the Senate to take it up on Tuesday next, unless he
gentleman on the other side of the floor desired to
name any other day. He moved the printing of the
report and resolutions.
. Mr. MOREHEAD observed that the great im-
portance of the subjects which were discussed in the
report—the very anixious solicitude which prevailed
throughout the Union to understand the grounds of
this proposition to annex Texas, rendered it perhaps
proper that the members of the Senate should fur-
nish to their constituent bodies everywhere, all the
facilities in their power to understand the gounds
upon which this question rests... Jle rose, therefore,
for the purpose of submitting a ffiotion, in connec-
tion with the motion of his friend from Virginia, for,
the mere printing of this report, that there should bo
an extra number of copies printed for distribution.
He supposed—regarding the great importance of
this question, the immense interests involved in it,
and the deep and anxious solicitude which prevailed
throughout the country in relation to it—that he
should do no more than carry out the wishes of the
Senate, by moving to have the largest number which
is usual, of documents of this sort, to be printed, lie
therefore moved to print 20,0(H) copies of this report
and the accompanying resolutions.
The motion was referred to the Committee on
Printin0-.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, the post office hill
was again taken up; and
Mr. ALLEN continued his remarks till the hour
of adjournment, when
Mr. BUCHANAN rose to reply;
But the hour being late, the bill was laid on the ta-
ble till to-morrow. .
Several executive, communications were received,
laid on the table, and the question of printing refer-
red to the Committee on Punting.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Februaiy 4, 1845.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved,
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.
Mr BURKE moved that the House take up and
concur with the following resolution from the Sen-
ate: . .
Reiolveil, That a cornmittec of three be appointed to join
such eomm.Uee as may be appointed h3'th® Vhp1votes'
tain and report a mode of examining and counting the vote
for President and Vice President, and ol mlormmg the 1
ions elected of their election.
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution was
concurred in.
HARBORS AND RIVERS.
The pending question at the adjournment yester-
day was on the motion of Mr. Tibbatts to suspend
the rules for the purpose of introducing a bill ma-
king appropriations for the improvement of certain
harbors and rivers,
Mr. PRESTON KING called for the reading of
the bill.
The Clerk read it accordingly.
Mr. HAMLIN inquired if the Committee on
Commerce had not reported a bill embracing all, or
nearly all the contents of this bill, with some other
appropriations.
Mr. KING- said that was so.
Mr. TIBBATTS desired to explain.
Mr. THOMPSON objected to any explanation.
Mr. TIBBATTS said he did not desire to debate
the bill, but merely to give an explanation.
The SPEAICEiisaid the bill had been read for
the information of the House, and no debate wa3 in
order.
The yeas and nays were then ordered, and taken
on the motion to suspend and resulted thus; yeas
52, nays 90.
YEAS—Messrs. Boyd, Brodhead, Chilton, Clinch, Cross,
Dnrragh, Garrett Davis, Dickey, Elmer, Fic.klin, Florence,
Foster, French, (biddings. Hardin, Harper, Hays, James B.
Hunt, Jrvin, Jameson, Porloy ft Johnson, Andrew John-
son, Labranche, I,yon, McCauslcn, McClelland, McDow-
ell, Joseph Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Isaac K. Morse, Fet-
tit, Pollock, Roberts, Sentcr, Severance, Slidell, Thomas
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Andrew
Stewart, Sylccs, Thomasson, Tibbatts, Vance, Vanmeter,
Vinton, WVlIer, Wenlworth, Wethered, Wmthrop, and
Joseph A Wright—
NAVS - Messrs. Arrington, Aslie, Atkinson, Baker, Bar-
nmrer, Bayly, Benton,'Bidlack, James A. Bluek, Black-
well, liremjlo, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, Buffington,
Burke, Carpenter, shepard Gary, Carroll, Reuben Chap-
man Glimfmim. Cobb, Coles, Cranston, Cullom, Dana,
Daniel, Ric-haid I). Davis, John \V. Davis, Ballot, l-'arlee,
Fish Fuller, Goggin, By ram Orec-n, JUmmbal Hamlin, Har-
alson, llcnlev, Ilernck, (logo, Houston, Hudson, Hughes,
Ilun^erford, "jriiks, Cave Johnson, Georjre \V. Jones, An-
drew" Kennedy, Preston Kino;, Daniel 1' King, Kilkpatrick,
Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin, McConnell, Mc.Ilvaiue, McKay,
Marsh, F.dward .1. Morns, Moscloy, Murphy, Norris, Pat-
crson Pcvton, Plianiix, F.lishn R. Totter, Pratt, 1'reston,
linmsey, 'liathbun, David S. Rcid, Reding, Ritter, Robin-
son, Rockwell, St. John, Sample, Saunders, Thomas H.
Seymour Da\id I.. Seymour, Albert Smith, Stetson, .John
Stewart, Thompson, Tilden, Tyler, Whoaton. Benjamin
While, Williams, Woodward, and Yancey—90.
So the rules where not suspended.
On motion of Mr. HARALSON, the Committee
on Military Allans wore,discharged from the further
consideration of certain resolutions of the legislature
of Illinois, and they were referred to the Cornvnittee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
RATES OF POSTAGE.
Mr. HARDIN moved a suspension of the rules,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, for the pur-
pose of taking up bill 452, "to reduce Ihe rates of
postage, and to prevent frauds on the Post OHiee
Department."
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY appealed to lum to with-
draw the motion for a moment
Mr. HARDIN declined; and
The question was taken, and the House resoved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Bow in the chair.)
Mr. HARDIN obtained the floor, and moved to
postpone previous bills, and take up the bill before
mentioned, relative to postage.
REDUCTION AND GRADUATION OF THE PUB-
LIC LANDS.
The CHAIRMAN announced that the bill to re-
duce and graduate the price of the public lands in
favor of actual settlers was first in order, and that
on this Mr. S. Oary was entitled to the floor.
Mr. GARY addressed the Chair; but
Mr. HARDIN raised the point of order, that his
motion should be received. This very bill had been
postponed once or twice before under similai cn-
cumstunc.es, and he contended that it was competent
now for the House to postpone it and take up the
bill to reduce the rates of postage, n a majority were
found in its favor. ,
Mr. JOHN P. KENNEDY inquired if there
was not now a post office bill pending before the
S< Mn HARDIN replied that that was another bill
The^CIIAIRMAN overruled the point of order,
and sustained the right of Mr. Car? to the floor on
the land bill. , . , ,
Mr. S. CARY said that the amendment which
he had offered was very simple in its features, and
required but little explanation. It pr°vlfed tha'
where the public lands of the United States had
been m the market and unsold, during a period o
ten years, they should be sold in quantities of one
hundred and sixty acres, to actual settle:r?Y*L
price of one dollar per acre; when they had been ux
