CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
pedpte could be taxed, and the money thrown out,
and the pfcoplfe taxed again to get it back.
Hereferred to the arguments of Mr. Yintov, who
(he said) had objected to this scheme because it
would be an opening of this country too much to the
people, and would induce them out of these manu-
facturing establishments. Mr J. took the ground
that ours was, and must necessarily be, an agri-
cultural country,; anfltif they were allowed to take
this land at prices they were able to pay, they would
not be able to keep them off.
He' contended further in favor of this bill, that it
was the duty of the general government to pass all
liberal and necessary measures to withdraw, as soon
as possible, her jurisdiction from the States. She
fexercisfed a jurisdiction now over three-fourths of
Missouri; while Missouri exercised jurisdiction over
one-fourth of her own territory. Blib ^rasnot hence
on an equal footing with the rest of the States.
The gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Causin,] he
said had made a flourish against this bill, that
the old States had fought, and spilt their blood for
these lands; and, therefore, he argued, the price of
them should not be reduced. He (Mr. J.) asked
if the settlers in the new States, and their fathers, did
not constitute a part of the old States the time of
this fighting, and had they not an equal claim to
them on this ground?
This bill, he argued, proposed the best mode of
ascertaining thte true value of these lands. It pro-
'posed that after they had been in mai-ket for five
years, they should ,sell at one dollar per acre, ten
years at seventy-five cents, fifteen years at fifty
cents, and twenty years at twenty-five cents This
was as direct and practicable a way as there was of
ascertaining th* reol value of the lands, and dispos-
ing of them accordingly.
Mr. J. having concluded,
Mr. HAMLIN obtained the floor; and on his
motion the committee rose and reported progress
Mr. BAYLY, on leave reported, from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, a bill for the relief of
Capt. Thomas Ap. C. Jones; which was twice read,
referred to the Committee of the Whole House, and,
with accompanying documents, oi'defed to be
printed.
Mr. MORRIS, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, on leave, reported a bill for the relief of
Joseph Watson; which was twice read, referred to
the Committee of the Whole House", and ordered to
be printed.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the follow-
ing communications, which were referred to appro-
priate committees.
A communication from the Department of State,
in answer to a resolution of the House calling for
the causes Of the increase of expenditure for the re-
lief of American seamen in foreign countries.
A message from the President of the United
States, transmuting a report from the director of the
mint, showing the operations of that institution for
the past year.
A communication from the same in answer to a
resolution of the House, transmitting a report from
the Solicitor of the Treasury on the subject of em-
bezzlements of public money.
A communication from the same, transmitting a
report from the Secretary of State in answer to a
resolution of the House of the 16th ultimo, on the
subject of the boundaries of the republic of Texas.
A communication from the Treasury Department,
in answer to a resolution of the House, showing the
number of officers of the customs, and the amount
of revenue, tonnage, &c, at the principal ports of the
United States.
A communication from the same, transmitting a
statement of the Second Comptroller, showing the
amount of appropriations for the naval service for
the past year.
A communication from the same, in answer to a
resolution of the House on the subject of the Louis-
ville and Portland canal.
Several bills from the Senate received their first
and second readings, and were referred to appropri-
ate committees.
Mr. SLIDELL rose to a privileged question. He
moved to reconsider the vote on laying on the table
the resolutions of the Louisiana legislature on the
subject of the annexation of Texas.
Mr, S stated that his object in moving for
a reconsideration of these resolutions was to no-
tice certain assertions which he found in the Globe
this morning as having passed in this building in re-
lation to the late presidential election in Louisiana.'
[Mr. Slidell alluded to the remarks of Senator
Barrow of Louisiana, made in the Senate-yesterday
relative to election frauds in Louisiana, published in
the Globe of last evening. The rules of the House
precluded Mr. S. from speaking of what had taken
place in the Senate.]
Mr. SCHENCK called Mr. Slidell to order.
Mr. SLIDELL said he did not intend to vio-
late the rules of order; if he should do, so, the
Speaker would call him to order. He Jiad
not been willing to intrude petty party squabbles
into the discussion of so grave a subject as the an-
nexation of art extensive territory and a gallant peo-
ple to this confederacy; and for that reason, if for
no other, would he have declined replying to the al-
lusions mnde, to election frauds in Louisiana
by an honorable gentleman from North Carolina.
Other considerations, too, existed for such forbear-
ance, which would readily suggest themselves to the
House.-
But the source from which the wholesale charge
of fraud in the Globe emanates, imperatively re-
quired that it should be promptly noticed and repel-
led.
He denied, then, emphatically that the late elec-
tion in Louisiana had been carried by fraud. He
asserted that the democratic electors received a larger
majority of legal votes thou the official canvass in--
dicates. Hfe Would freely admit that there may
have been, and probably were, instances of illegal
votes cast for the democratic ticket. Such instances
always occurred in every warmly contested election,
and more especially in districts where parties
are not rticely balanced. But he did deny that
the leaders of the democratic party in Louisiana
either encouraged or sanctioned such illegal voting.
It was true that arrrangements had been made by
the democratic party to give a property qualification
id jSeison*! having the other constitute nal requisites
as electors; but in do doing they were only acting
partially, and in a comparatively- limited district,
upon a system which the whigs had organized
throughout the State. He had no doubt whatever,
that if a balance could have been struck of every
vote on either side, illegally rejected, or illegally re-
ceived, the result would have been a large addition
to the democratic majority in the State ofLouisiana.
He had no disposition to occupy the time of the
House by entering into detailc which would proba-
bly inteiest no one there; and would, therefore, re-
serve any more extended explanation until he shotdd
have seen from some responsible person a more defi-
nite charge than had yet been made.
He would not indulge in the acrimonious lan-
guage which had been used in another part of this
building, and to which the rules of this House
would not permit him more particularly to refer.
Some palliation for it might perhaps be found in
the bitterness of disappointed hopes. But he should
feel that he Was not doing justice to the democracy
ofLouisina, if he did not declare it to be his solemn
and deliberate conviction, that nine-tenths of all
election frauds that have ever been perpetrated in
that State were of whig origin, and in favor of whig
candidates. Mr. S. then withdrew his motion.
PUBLICATION OF THE LAWS.
Mr. ROBERT SMITII, by general consent, ob-
tained leave, and introduced a bill to provide for the
publication of the laws of the United States in the
several States and Territories, and for other pur-
poses: read twice, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. PH(ENIX, from the Committee on Com-'
merce, reported a bill for the relief of the owners of
the ship Herald, of Baltimore: read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union,
Mr. DELLET, by general consent, obtained
leave, and introduced a bill for the relief of Peter
Randall; which was twice read, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. FISH introduced a bill providing for the
erection of a building on Governor's Island, State of
New York: referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. PRATT offered a resolution requesting the
Secretary of the Treasury to communicate to the
House why the report on commerce and navigation
for the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1844, had
not been furnished to the House, and asking wheth-
er any additional clerical force was necessary to en-
able him to have it prepared and furnished:
agreed to.
DISTRICT COURT OF LOUISIANA.
Mr. SAUNDERS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill from the Senate entitled
An act to repeal the act for the better organization
of the district court of the United States for the dis-
trict ofLouisiana; and,
On motion by Mr. SLIDELL, the bill was put
upon its passage, and read the third time, and
passed.
The House adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. TAILOR: The petition of Cecilia Ragaw, for a
pension on account ofthe services of her husband as a sol-
dier ahd officer-ofthe revolutionary war
By Mr HENLEY: The remonstrance of C. E?ans against
the purchase V>y general government of the invention of
W. M "Wright, of Pittsburg, for the prevention of explo-
sions of steam boilers: referred to the Committee on Pa-
tents. • /
By Mr. P. B. JOHNSON: Two petitions, numerously
signed by citizens of Morgan county, Ohio, praying for the
reduction in thexrales of postage.
By Mr. HERRIGK: The petition of Benjamin Cressey for
a pension for injuries received during the last war: referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. MACLAY: The memorial ofmany citizens ofthe
citj" of New York, praying for the passage of a law "forbid-
ditijy stny further traffic in the public lands; and that they be
bid out in farms or lots for the use of such'citizens (not
Ciossessed of other lands) as will occupy them. Also the pe-
tition ofmany citizens of New York, prajing for a reduc-
tion ofthe rates of postage.
By Mr. I. E. MORSE: The petition ofWm. Pumphrey, of
Louisiana, for the confirmation of a tract of land: referred,
with the accompanying documents, to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
By Mr. ARRINGTON: The petition of citizens residing
near Hunt's ci oss Roads, in Nash county, North Carolina,
praying forthe establishment of a mail route from Nash-
ville, North Carolina, to that place: referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mi". WENTWORTH- The petition of Henry L.
Biuom wid others, of Will county, Illinois, for leave to se-
lect a new school scction: referred to the committee on
Public Lands. Also the proceedings of a public meeting
at Napeiville, Illinois, in favor of a donation of public
lands to the Illinois and Michigan canal: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. TYLER: The petition of James Giddings and oth-
ers, ofCHautauquecounty, New York, praying tor the re-
duction ofthe rates of postage and the abolition of the
franking privilege'. Also of the same, remonstrating against
the annexation ox Tfcsaf, and against the admission of any
new slave State into thtf Union. Also ofthe same, praying
for the abolition of slavery and the slave trade tan the
District of Columbia, and iu the Territories of the United
States, as well as the internal slave trade, and for the repeal
of certain laws in the District of Columbia m relation to
slavery.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 5,1845.
The PRESIDENT pro tern* laid before the Senate
a message from the President of the United States,
transmitting the report of the director of the mint,
showing the operations of that establishment for
the year 1844; which, on motion of Mr. EVANS,
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance,
A message was received from the House of Rep-'
resentatives, informing the Senate that that body
had concurred in its resolution for the appointment
of a joint committee to count the votes for President
and Vice President elect; pnd that Messrs. Burke,
Chappell, Severance, C. J. Ingersoll, and
Vance were appointed a committee on their part.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a memorial from A.
Fitch, of the firm of Fitch, Brothers, & Co., of
Marseilles, in France, praying the payment of their
account fur interest and disbursements as navy
agents of the United States for indemnity for inju-
ries suffered in their credit in consequence of the re-
vocation of their appointment by the Senate: referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordesed to
be printed.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from a
number of citizens of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the adoption of Evans's safety-guard for the
prevention of explosion of steam boilers, in all
steam engines constructed for the public use: refer-
red to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition signed by
a number of citizens of Jackson county, Missouri,
praying for the establishment of a mail route from
the town of Independence to Weston: referred to
he Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial from citi-
zens of New York, praying that the professorships
of mathematics may-be abolished in the navy, and
that the-same means used in the support of that
corps may be used in the support of naval schools:
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. ASHLEY, it was
