CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bisolved, That the Committee on Military Afi'airs lie in-
structed to inquire, into the expediency of increasing the
pay and emoluments of such military stoie-keepers as are
not stationed at arsenals of construction.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Finance, to which was referred the resolution of the
Senate directing an inquiry into the propriety of
providing by law that all assistant collectors of the
customs, and others acting as collectors, shall, be-
fore entering on the duties pertaining to that office,
give bond, and take the usual oath of office, report-
ed a bill relating to the duties of collectors of cus-
toms; which was read, and ordered to a second read- I
ing. I
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back, without amendment, House bill
making appropriation for the service of the Post
Office Department for the fiscal year ending 30th
June, 1845.
Also reported back, with amendment, the bill
from the House, making appropriations for fortifica-
tions for the year 1845.
Also reported back, without a amendment, and
a recommendation that it do pass, the bill making ap-
propriations for the payment of revolutionary and
other pensioners of the United States for the
jiscal year ending 30th June, 1845.
Mr. TAPPAN asked leave to introduce a bill
granting to the county of Wyandot, in the State of
Ohio, certain town lots in the town of Upper San-
dusky. Mr. T. in introducing the bill, remarked
that the State of Ohio had established the new coun-
ty of "Wyandot, which was included in a tract of
land belonging to the United States. It was the
practice in the State of Ohio, when a new county
was laid out, for the property holders in that
county to give a portion of their lots for the pur-
pose of enabling the county to erect public build-
ings. The government, in this case, not only owned
the property of the county town, but a large part of
the county around. The bill was therefore to give
to the county certain lots for town purposes.
The bill was then introduced, read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
RE ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. BENTON remarked that the Committee on
Foreign Relations having reported yesterday upon
the subject of annexation, which brought back all
the propositions before the Senate, he asked that
the bill submitted by him a short time back be taken
up for the purpose of enabling him to withdraw
it from the Senate, and to submit another in its
place. .
The bill was accordingly taken up, when Mr.
BENTON, on leave, withdrew it, and submitted
the following in lieu thereof, viz:
A BILL to provide for the annexation of Texas to the Uni-
ted States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives uj
the United. States of .America in Congress assembled, That
a State, to lie formed out of the present leptibiic ot Texas,
with suitable extent and boundaries, and with two repre-
sentatives in Congress until the next apportionment of rep-
resentation, shall be admitted into the Union by virtue of
this act, 011 an equal footing with the existing States, as
soon as the terms and conditions ot such admission, and the
cession of 1!ie remaining Texian territory to the United
States shall be agreed upon by the government of Texas
and tlie United States.
Sec 2. Jlnd be it further inactei, That the sum of one
hundred thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated to defray the expenses of missions and negotia-
tions to agree upon the terms of said admission and cession,
either by treaty, to be submitted to the Senate, orby all-
eles to be submitted to the two Houses ol Congress, as the
President may direct.
The bill having been read—
Mr. BENTON said he would avail himself of
the indulgence of the Senate to state the reasons
which induced him to offer it. It was a copy, he
said, substantially, of the bill which ho had pre-
viously offered, with the omission of all the terms
and conditions which that bill contained. He had
been induced to omit all these conditions because of
the difficulty of agreeing upon them, and because it
was now clear that whatever bill was passed upon
the subject of Texas, the execution of it must de-
volve upon the new President, who had been just
elected by the people with a view to this object.
He had confidence in Mr. Polk, and was willing to
trust the question of terms and conditions to his un-
trammelled discretion, certain that he would do the
best that he could for the success of the object,
the harmony of the. Union, and the peace and honor
of the country. He had, therefore, withdrawn all
the terms and conditions which his previous bill
contained, and only retained its cardinal features,
n tmely, the admission of a Texian State by law, the
cession of the remaining Texian territory to the
United States, and the adjustment of the terms and
conditions of this admission and cession by envoys,
or commissioners, subject to the confirmation of the
two governments. This seemed to him to be the
natural, practicable way of proceeding, and was cer-
tainly the most respectful to Texas.
The joint resolution sent up from the House of
Representatives was nothing hut a proposal, and a
proposal clogged with conditions, and limited as to
time. If it passed both Houses of our Congress, it
miftht be rejected by Texas; .and then the proccss of
making proposals would have to commence ogam.
Legislative propositions, interchanged by two legisla-
ti ve bodies, sitting in two different countries, at the
distance of near two thousand miles apart, was aslow
way of coming to conclusions; and, unless some more
practicabje method was adopted, the annexation of
Texas might be looked upon as an event deferred
for years. Commissioners, or envoys, to discuss
propositions face to face, with a right to give as well
as to take—with power to yield as well as to de-
mand—ran alone be competent to the successful ter-
mination of such a business. He therefore adhered
to that part of his former bill which proposed to
send ministers to settle the terms of annexation.
The occasion (said Mr. B.) is an extraordinary
one, and requires an extraordinary mission. The
voluntary union of two independent nations is a rare
occurrence, and is worthy to be attended by every
circumstance which lends it dignity, promotes its
success, and makes it satisfactory. When England
and Scotland were united, at the commencement of
the lust century, no less than thirty-one commis-
sioners were employed to agree upon the terms; and
the terms they agreed upon received the sanction of
the Parliaments of the two kingdoms, and com-
pleted a union which had been in vain attempted for
one hundred years. Extraordinary missions, na-
tionally constituted, have several times been resoit-
ed to in our own country, and always with public
approbation, whether successful or not. The first
Mr. Adams sent Marshall, Gerry, and Pinckney to
the French directory in 1798: Mr. Jefferson sent
Ellsworth, Davie, and Murray to the French consu-
lar government of 1800: Mr. Madison sent Adams,
Bayard, Gallatin, Clay, and Russell to Ghent in
1814. All these missions, and others which might
be named, were nationally constituted—composed of
eminent citizens taken from each political party, and
from different sections of the Union; and, of course,
all favorable to the object for which they were em-
ployed. An occasion has occurred which, in my opin-
ion,requiresa mission similarly constituted—as nu-
merous as the missions to Paris or to Ghent—and
composed of citizens from both political parties, and
from the non-slavehoiding as well as the alaveiiold-
ing States. Such a commission could hardly fail to
be successful not merely in agreeing upon the terms
of the union, but it agreeing upon terms which
would be satisfactory to the people and the govern-
ments of the two countries. And here, to avoid
misapprehension and the appearance of disrespect
where the contrary is felt, I would say tlmt the gen-
tleman now in Texas as the charge of the United
States, is, in my opinion, eminently fit arid proper
to be one of the envoys extraordinary and ministers
plenipotentiary which my bill contemplates.
The bill which 1 now propose (said Mr. B.) is
brief and plain, but comprehensive and effectual. It
proposes to admit one Texian State—to obtain a
cession of the remaining Texian territory—and to
settle the terms and conditions of the admission and
cession by the usual and practicable mode of nego-
tiation.
The admission of the State, or rather its right to
admission, is to be complete under the bill. It is to
be admitted by virtue of the act', so that no future
legislation will be necessary for that purpose, and
the possibility of a Missouri controversy will be
entirely avoided. The admitted State is to have all
the rights of the existing States from the moment of
her admission, not only theoretically, but practi-
cally; for the bill fixes her representation in the
federal Congress, and avoids all delay or debate up-
on that point. It says nothing about senators, for
there the constitution alone is sufficient: it both
gives the right to senators, and fixes the number.
To representatives it gives the right, but leaves it to
Congress to fix the number. This bill fixes it, and
gives to the first Texian State two members—a
number to which her pi'esent population will entitle
her, and which will be sensibly increased before
the process of admission can be accomplished, and
doubled or trebled before the new apportionment
under the ccnsus of 1850 can be extended to her-
A State of proper size being formed; the cession
of the remaining Texian territory to the United
States becomes indispensable; and here the joint s-
resolution from the House of Representatives is
essentially defective. It admits the whole republic
of Texas; as one State, and provides no means
of reducing her limits without tier consent. In fact, '
when once admitted as a State, she .never can be
reduced without her consent: the constitution of tho
United States forbids it; and the equilibrium of our
system will not admit of such overpowering pre-
ponderance in any one member of the Union. This
js not a new point in our history: it has occured
before, and has been decided. The early history of.'
our confederacy is full of instruction upon it. Many
of the States, ut the close of the revolution, were
found to be too large for the sufoty of the rest, and tho
most persevering efforts wero made to reduce them.
As early as 1780, they were called upon by the con-
tinental Congress to reduce their limits, and cede
their surplus territory. Some yielded readily from
feelings of harmony and conciliation—those feelings
being rather stronger then than they arc now. Vir-
ginia ceded gratuitously all her territory beyond
the Ohio river. Connecticut did not cede for twen-
ty years, and then got two and a half millions for
her small claim on the shore of Lake Erie. Georgia
held out until 1802, and then got a million and a
quarter in money, five millions of acres ofluixl scrip,
and an obligation to extinguish Indian titles and re-
move Indians, which has cost tons of millions,
for the territory alone which forms the single
State of Mississippi. It required the most perse-
vering exertions, as we all know, aided by tho kind-
ly spirit which then picvailed, and the overpower-
ing necessity to provide for the lcvolutionary debt,
to obtain from the groat States the contraction of
their limits and the cession of their surplus territory
to the Union. Our ancestors accomplished the work,
and they took care, as they fully believed, topiard
against tho like danger in all time to come. They
took care, at once, and in the very acts of cession,
to fix the number and extent of the now States,
making them of proper number and size, so that
the danger of overshadowing States, to predominate
in the House of Representatives, or of small ones,
to rule in the Senate, was equally avoided. This
was wise: it was a necessary precaution against fu-
ture dangers and difficulties. And shall such an ex-
ample bo lost upon t'3? Shall we voluntarily throw
ourselves back into a condition far worse than that
from which our fathers, with so much cure, wisdom,
patriotism, and even money, succeeded in extrica-
ting us? Texas is far larger than the Northwestern
Territory; yet our ancestors would not risk the,
danger of a single State there, nor even of a multi-
tude of small ones: they wisely fixed tho number
of the whole, and the extent of each, so as to avoid i
the danger of both extremes.
Gentlemen suppose that Texas will voluntarily
reduce herself: it is a supposition contrary to all
human experience. But suppose she does; what
then? Consequences immediately result which it is
impossible to encounter. By the joint resolution
Texas is to keep her lands, and pay her own debts.
These lands would lie without the limits of the rer
duccd State, and are covered by Indian tribes. To
pay her own debts out of these lands would, there-
fore, involve the administration of a land system in
a different State, or in a territory belongmg to the
United States. It would also involve the manage-
ment of Indian affairs in the State or Territory where
Indian tribes held the lands. All this would be im-
possible. Nobody "could think of such a thing.
State quarrels, Indian wars, distraction and confu-
sion, and the involvement of the United States in all
the difficulties that would ensue, would be the inevi-
table conscquences of such protrusion of State au-
thority into another State, or into a territory, and
among the Indian tribes. Reduction of limits
would be about as calarmtousas retention of limits;
it would be for Texas to decide which calamity she
would inflict; for the United States would not even
have the poor privilege of choosing between them.
All would be at the option of Texas.
I say this upon the assumption that Texas would
accept our proposal, and come into the Union upon
the terms of the joint resolution: but 1 have no idea
that she would do any such thing, except for the pur-
pose of prescribing her own terms as the price of reduc-
ing her limits and relinquishing her claims to her re-
maining territory. By the terms of the resolution
she is to surrender her custom-houses—her main
source for money—and pay her debts out of lands
which are in tho hands of the formidable Canaan-
