CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
ches, and other savage Indians, an<J which will cost
their value in money, and more than their value in
blood, to obtain from these Indians. She never can
accept annexation on such terms, except to make
her own terms afterwards for the reduction of her
limits and the cession of her remaining territory;
and that is the precise reason why the United States
should settle these terms beforehand.
I do not dwell upon other ohjectionable features
in the joint resolution; but it is impossible to over-
look the defect in relation to naturalization. We
may be willing to receive the people of Texas as
aliens, living within one of our States, and trust
ourselves to naturalize them hereafter; but in a mat-
ter so essential to their rights and honor, they may
wish it settled beforehand. The joint resolution is
silent upon this point: commissioners, under the
plan I propose, can settle it; and without a settle-
ment of that point, or power to setile it, I should
deem Jt useless to send our proposals to Texas.
In withdrawing from my bill the terms and con-
ditions which had been proposed as a basis of nego-
tiation, I do not withdraw them from the consider-
ation of those who may direct the negotiation. 1
expect them to be considered, and, as far as judged
proper, to be acted on. The compromise principle
between slave and non-slavcholding territory is
sanctioned by the vote of the House of Representa-
tives, and by the general voice of the country. In
withdrawing it from the bill, I do not withdraw it
from the consideration of the President' I only leave
him free and untrammelled to do the best he can for
the harmony of the Union on a delicate and embar-
rassing point.
The assent of Mexico to the annexation is judged
to he unnecessary, but no one judges her assent to
a new boundary line to be unnecessary: no one
judges jt unnecessary to preserve her commerce and
good wili; and, therefore, every consideration of
self-interest and national policy requires a fair effort
to be made to settle this boundary and to preserve
this trade and friendship; and I shall consider all
this as remaining just as fully in the mind of the
President as if submitted to him in a bill.
The bill which I now offer is the same which I
have presented heretofore, divested of its conditions,
and committing the subject to the discretion of the
President to accomplish the object in the best way
that he can, and either negotiate a treaty to be sub-
mitted to the Senate, or to agree upon articles of
union to be submitted to the two Houses of Con-
gress. I deem this the best way of proceeding
under every aspect. It is the safest way; for it will
settle all questions beforehand, and leave no nest-
eggs to hatch future disputes. It is the most speedy
way; for commissioners conferring face to face will
come to conclusions much sooner than two delib-
erative bodies sitting in two different countries, at
near two thousand miles apart, and interchanging
categorical propositions m the shape of law. It is
the most satisfactory way; for whatever such a
commission should agree upon,[would stand the best
chance to bo satisfactory to all parts of the Union.
It is the most respectful way to Texas, and the
mode for which she has shown a decided prefer-
ence. Shehas twice sent envoys extraordinary and
ministers plenipotentiary here to treat with us; and
the actual President, Mr. Jones, has authentically
declared his willingness to engage in further negotia-
tions. Ministers sent to confer and agree—to con-
sult and to harmonize—is much more respectful
than the transmission, by mail or messenger, of an
inflexible proposition, in the shape of law, to be ac-
cepted or rejected in the precise words in which we
send it. In every point of view, the mode which I
propose seems to me to be the best; and as its exe-
cution will devolve upon a President just elected by
the people with a view to this subject, I have no
hesitating in trusting it to him, armed with full
power, and untrammelled with terms and condi-
tions. ^
Mr. BERRIEN remarked that he thought the
bill should take the ordinary course, and be referred
to the appropriate standing committee. There were
two considerations which, it seemed to him, render-
ed that course peculiarly proper. It was a bill rela-
ting to a subject of the greatest magnitude—one
which very much engaged the public attention,
and much excited the public feeling. It ought,
therefore, to go through the ordinary forms of le-
gislation which even apply to bills of minor charac-
ter. There was a second consideration which
seemed to him to inculcate this obligation with par-
ticular force. That was the actual posture in which
the subject to which it related was now before the
Senate of the United States. He was called on to
submit a motion now, in the absence of the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations, who
was from his seat, under circumstances well
known to the Senate. The Senate yesterday re-
ceived a report from the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations upon the various measures which had been
proposed, comprising the object which it was the
purpose of this bill to comprise. That report was
ordered to be printed; and a day was indicated (by
the conversation which took place when that order
was made) yesterday for the consideration of'the
very important question involved in the report. It
seemed to him, then, that if they received, during
the intermediate time between the making of
the report and the time appointed for its
consideration, a bill relating to the same subject,
and proceeded to act upon it without the considera-
tion which was contemplated by the report made to
the Senate, it would be a strange course of legislation.
Umler these considerations, it seemed to him that it
was obviously proper that the bill should be refer-
red to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr.'BENTON remarked that he did not make
any motion to enter into the consideration of the
bill, but to lay it upon the table and to have it print-
ed. It was entirely unnecessary to refer it, for two
reasons. The committee had charge of the whole
subject in every possible form in which it could be
presented, for more than two months; and yester-
day they made a report adverse to the bill—entirely
so. It was, therefore, according to parliamentary
rules, unnecessary to commit the bill to a committee
who, having charge of the entire subject, had re-
ported against it as well in this form as in any
other in which it could possibly be presented to
their consideration. Another reason against the
reference was that this did not take the form of a
new proposition, but was merely an amendment to
or substitute for the bill previously before the
Senate and the committee. It was in fact the same
bill, though different in its terms and conditions.
It was not usual to refer an amendment to a com-
mittee. No beneficial object could be accomplished
by the reference proposed. The gentlemen com-
posing the committee could, when the bill came up
for consideration, as well enlighten the Senate with
their view in the form of a speech as by a formal re-
port. He hoped the senator from Georgia would
notpeisevere in his motion. If he did, he trusted
the Senate would refuse his motion, and agree to let
the bill lie on the table.
Mr. BERRIEN said he felt constrained by a sense
of duty to persevere in his motion. He did not con-
cur in the reasons of the honorable senator
from Missouri, which distinguished in relation
to the course which should be pursued with
this bill one different from that which is customarily
pursued with others. That senator misapprehend-
ed the effect of the report of the Committee on For-
eign Relations, submitted yesterday. The commit-
tee had not the whole subject presented to their con-
sideration for four weeks, as remarked by the sena-
tor from Missouri. They deferred action upon it
until some definite measure should come from the
other House, and for reasons which would be justi-
fied by every reflecting mind In (heir investiga-
tion they found a constitutional obstruction in all
the various forms in which the subject was present-
ed to their consideration", and they confined them-
selves to the single inquiry which that constitutional
obstruction presented. Now the bill presented by
the senator from Missouri looks to one of two al-
ternatives—a resort to the treaty-making power, or
to a commission for the formation of articles of
agreement between the United States and Texas, to
be submitted to the two Houses of Congress.
This presented a new aspect to the question. If
the bill was referred, it would enable the committee
to enter into an examination of the other question
connected with the subject. This was an answer to
the first reason of the senator why it should not be
referred. The second was merely technical—
that this bill came before the Senate in the form of
an amendment. It did not so come before the Sen-
ate. The, senator moved to take up his bill, and
absolutely withdrew it; and then introduced the bill
now before them, on leave, or by the unanimous con-
currence of the Senate; and, therefore, carrying with
it the idea of a new proposition, and not as an
amendment to the former bill. By an examination
of the bill withdrawn and the one introduced, an es-
sential and important difference would be discovered
between them. For these reasons he hoped the bill
%vould be referred as proposed.
Mr. MOREHEAD said he concurred with the
senator from Georgia [Mr. Berrien] in the pro-
priety of having this bill referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations;- and he would simply state to
the Senate a single additional reason why he thought
that ought,to be done. On a subject which was so
important as that to which this bill related, arid all
the bills in reference to the annexation of Texas to
the United States, it seemed to him entirely proper
that every new proposition, distinct from any others
which were pending before the Senate, should have
the consideration, and the deliberate consideration,
of a standing committee of this body—not certainly
with any view of throwing obstructions in the way
of its speedy action upon it, but with a view that the
subject should undergo all the constitutional forms
of legislation. He regarded this bill as presenting
a question of the utmost magnitude for the con-
sideration of this body, differing, as he thougnt it
did, materially from any other proposition which
had yet'been submitted, and being, in his view of
the matter, if divested of som_e of its provisions,
much more acceptable than any which had been
proposed. He should be glad himself to see it sub-
mitted to the consideration of that committee which
had in charge all the other propositions of annexa-
tion, in order that they might^ubmit a report upon
it to the Senate, and in order that the subject might
be fully and thoroughly investigated, and that the
country might know upon what ground we stand,
lie did not know that, in any aspect of the case, it
would be desirable that the bill, as it had been sub-
mitted by the honorable senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Benton,] should have received the sanction of
the Senate; but he did say that, in all probability, so
far as the constitutional questions involved in this
subject of annexation were concerned, some views
might be presented in connection with the proposi-
tion of the honorable senator—vieivs having relation
to the interposition of a treaty-making power only,
and connected, to some extent, with the proposition
which had just been submitted. Divested of the
legislative provision which the bill proposes, wheth-
er^ would be entirely acceptable to the Senate or
not, it might nevertheless present the subject in such
a shape as to relieve it of the constitutional impedi-
ments which were now attached to it. It was in
this view of the case that he thought a bill jjresent-
ing such important and interesting questions as this,
should receive the consideration of a standing com-
mittee of the Senate before it should receive the
final action of this body.
Mr. ALLEN said that it was not the proper time
to express an opinion in favor of, or in opposition
to, any one of the various propositions which had
been presented to the Senate on this great ques-
tion—the annexation of Texas to the United States.
Without designing at that time to do so, he would
merely express the hope that the Senate would take
no course by which they would, in the end, avoid
the expression of its opinion on a question involv-
ing to so great an extent the interests of this coun-
try. He desired, whatever the opinion of the Sen-
ate might be on the general question of annexation,
or on any form of the question, that that opinion
shall be expressed to the country; and that the Sen-
ate should so regulate its action on this particular
proposition as to enable itself to express its views on
this great question before the day on which, by the
constitution, they were required to adjourn.They had
now about twenty-six days of the session remain-
ing, and within that time they were (or it was their
duty to do so) to act on another great question—
the Oregon hill. They had also all the ap|
propriation bills, important and essential to car-
ry on the government, and other bills of
minor importance; and if the matter now before the
Senate should be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations, it was more than probable that, so
far as this particular bill was concerned, it would
not be allowed to enter into the consideration of the
Senate at all, because it might be might be kept
back by the committee, until after the report al-
ready made shall be taken up for 'action of the Sen-
ate. He did not see the least necessity for the ref-
erence. The committee had had the whole subject
before them, in the form of a joint resolution from
the House, in the form of resolutions from the State
legislatures, and numerous memorials from innumera-
ble citizens some for and some against annexation;
some for annexation for particular reasons, and
others against it for particular reasons. In every
form, therefore, in which the question could by
possibility be made to assume, it has been taken be-
fore the committee; and the committee, in view oi
