:;T r
248
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
StiDA^rder7'ariain#0Ut ofthe proposition to
tion hewli "nderst00d the matter, the proposi-
tion wfcUi, W£>S an amenflme"t to a bill
^ n!? 3 ' reR0rt 0f the Committee on For-
r^rTh tWf Partbase(l- If so, a motion to
L par,tlcular amendment or substitute was
snh.vlt I" ? motlon t0 recommit the whole
subject would be the proper motion.
ih?<*L YHAI,I5',ruled !-hat the proposition before
the senate could be considered in no other light than
as a new bill, as it Mjas introduced through the
usual form, on leave, and read twice with a view to
reference.
The question was then taken and decided in the
Mtows-6 °n ^CaS an(^ "a^S—^CaS nayR as
w£.^ST,MefrS'?arrow> Eaj nrd, Btrrion, Cbvton, Crlt-
u B-vans, Foster, Francis, Huntington,
S „ '-p ingU"U.Mernck' MiIler- Morohoad, l'etrce!
W^odbridge—22. Rimm01,s' ul,ham> whit<1. an>'
j,„Ni'Y?~1V£;ssrs' AIlen' Ashley, Atchison, Atlierton, Ea?.
^ento". Brcose, Buchanan, Colquitt, Dix, 'Dickinson,
Fairfield, Hannegdn, Haywood, Rager, Jarnagjn, !,p« jo
NUes, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, and Woodbury
On motion by Mr. BENTON, the bill was then
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
POST OFFICE REFORM.
The general orders having been announced, the
unfinished business of yesterday was resumed—be-
ing the further consideration of the bill to reduce the
rates of postage, to limit the use and corrcct the
abuse of the franking privilege, and for the preven-
tion of frauds on the revenues of the Post Office
Department.
The bill was reported back from the committee of
the whole yesterday, and the several amendments
made therein were concurred in, with the excep-
tion of those to the 9th and 10th sections.
The pending* question was, previous to the ques-
tion being taken, on Mr. Merrick's motion of non-
concurrence with the amendment adopted in com-
mitttB, striking out the 9th section, to amend that
section on motion by Mr. Simmons, by striking out
all after the words ''shall be," in the sixth line, and
inserting the words, "allowed to frank their own
letters and speeches, not exceeding two ounces un-
der each envelope."
The effect of this amendment would be, instead
of totally abolishing the franking privilege now en-
joyed by members of Congress, to continue to them
the right of sending their own letters and speeches
by the mail free of postage as heretofore, by virtue
of their own franks
Mr. BUCHANAN being entitled to the floor in
reply to the senator from Ohio, [Mr. Ai.i.f.n,] ad-
dressed theSenateat consideiable length, lie com-
menced his remarks by observing that, aftei the
important subject (that of the annexation of Texas)
"which had been just before the Senate, and at that
late period of the day, lie should endeavor to bo a^
brief as possible in the few remarks he intended to
make.
The Senate, ever since this bill had come up for
discussion, had been converted into a sort of Sleepy
Hollow, so that it had been almost impossible for
any body to command its attention. And, in view
of this apathy, he would undertake to predict to the
honorable chairman of the Post Office Committee,
that, notwithstanding all his labor and pains to ma-
ture this measure, and to pass this bill into a law, it
was destined eventually to fail this session. The
time had not yet come for it. The history of the
world had manifested how unwilling all men are to
yield up any privilege which they personally possess
above their fellow men. Such had been the history
of all mankind, and such it would continue to
be. As far as it was _ allowable to compare
small things to great, he would say that, it was very
probable that the sanguinary scenes of the French
revolution might have been checked, if the assembly
of notables had consented to allow themselves to be
taxed like other citizens; but it was the exemption
from taxation which constituted the privilege of
their order, and their unwillingness to yield up that
privilege hastened on the French revolution to its
consummation.
In the present case, it was the unwillingness of
members of Congress to part with their franking
privilege, which would, at the present session, defeat
the pending bill; hut that very tenacity of clinging
to this privilege, would hasten the great and impor-
tant measure of cheap postage to its adoption at the
next session of Congress. 'The community would
understand the matter by that time, and, in a demand
that would brook no further delay, require its ac-
complishment. '
_ Mi. B. maintained, in forcible terms, that the
issue was reduced to the simple proposition of
cheap postage and no franking privilege; or the
franking privilege and no cheap postage. It was
m other words, whether members of Conors'
and a few thousands of then- constituents
shou d continue to enjoy the benefits of the frankin"
privilege, whilst the whole community wai left to
suffer under the grievance ofan enormously hi h rate
of postage; or the privilege should he surrendered
for the common good, that the whole community
might enjoy cheap postage. That was the whole
question. The 1 ostmaster General had told Con-
gress that these things were incompatible; aad that
by an adequate restriction of this privilege, and upon
that condition only, could the public get the benefit
of cheap postage. Mr. R. sustained his views 011
these points at considerable length. He concluded by
a proposition to divide the question; that is, to take
the question first on members sending their own let-
ters postage free. He wanted to have that point
settled at once, for upon it depended the fate of the
bill, lie moved, therefore, to amend the anieild-
mentby strikingont the words "letters and."
Mr. SIMMONS opposed this amendment to his
amendment, and contended that the whole anion nt
of letters franked by members of Congress could
have no effect, of the least consequence on lcsseniti"-
the revenue of the department. The Postmaster
General's reports showed that they did not amount
to more than 18,000 letters a month, or about
208,000 a year, which at the highest rate of the
new bill, (say ten cents,) would be scarcely over
§20,000. lTow then could that paltry sum afl'eet
the measure so as to defeat it?
Mr. ALLEN replied to the remarks of the senator
from Pennsylvania, and denied the position that, in
consequence of the continuation of the franking
privilege, the revenue of the department would be
deprived of postage to the amount, apprehended by
that senator.
Mr. M1CRRICK read the Postmaster General's
report of last session, and his own calculations 111
the[Post Office. Committee's report, showing that the
estimated loss of postage 011 mailable matter franked
by all persons having the privilege, was annually
$.'i98,R!)8 70; aceouling to the report of the Commit-
tee of the House of Representatives, it was $500,000.
Mr. ALLEN resumed, and contended that e\en
if that was true, which he wholly denied, it would
not amount to the defeat of the bill, for it would be
only one-tenth of the income necessary to maintain
the department; and if the abatement of the frank-
ing privilege was the only obstacle in the way of
cheapening postage, what would the argument lead
to? To this: that by making this franked mailable
matter pay pontage, other postages could be reduced
to that extent—that is, one-tenth; so that the pont-
age on a letter now paying 2.r  cenN might be re-
duced to 22', cents.
P nt he wholly denied that the abatement of the
franking privilege would necessarily bring into the
revenue ot the department the amount of postage
ehargable on the mailable matter thus transmitted.
I" I o doubted if one letter out of ten that now passes
between members of Confess and then constituents
would bo written atall if fuihject to pontage, so that
it was altogether probable the abatemi nt of the
privilege would brin.^ no accession whatever to the
income of the department. All the effect would be
to stop the intercourse between the people end their
representatives, and to exempt gentlemen from the
duties of communicating v. nh their constilueiils.
Mr. A. enforced these views at great length.
The subject was further debated by Messrs. OU-
C1TANAN and ALLKN till nraily .r> oYloek, on
these main points of difference in their opinions ns
to the effect of abolishing or continuing the frank-
• 1 0
nig privilege.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wi:i>\t.muy, February 5, 1^4f>.
PRESID ENTT A L ELECTION.
The committee on the part of the House op-
pointed yesterday by the Speaker in conformity with
the resolution of the House to join the committee of
the Senate, "to ascertain and report a mode of ex-
amining and counting the votes for President and
Vice President, and of informing the persons elcctcd
of their election,"consists of the following members:
Messrs. Burke, A. A. Ciiapmakt, J. R. Ingersoll,
D. L. Seymour, and Vance.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose to a privileged
question. He had voted yesterday in 'the affirma-
°" themotl°n ofthe gentleman from Kentucky,
| Mr.Tibbatts,] to suspend the rales, in order to
enable him to introduce a bill making appropriations
tor western rivers and harbors, and his name was
not entered on the journal. He moved to amend
the journal, so as to state correctly the fact of his
vote.
The journal was amended accordingly.
Mr. RAMSEY asked leave to give notice of the
introduction of a bill for the relief of Jacob Heim of
Lebanon county, Pennsylvania. '
Mr. JAMESON objected; and
REDUCTION AND GRADUATION OF THE PUB-
LIC LANDS.
On his motion the House resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Boyd in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the bill to reduce and graduate the prices of
the public lands in favor of cultivators and actual
settlers.
Mr. HAMLIN was entitled to the floor. He said he
had no intention of making a speech, but briefly to
state the reason why he should vote in favor of this
bill. He believed the distribution ofthe sales of
the proceeds of the public lands was wrong in all its
length and breadih, corrupting in its tendency, coll-
ing again for taxation directly or indirectly upon the
people to replace it, and tending to pioducc one of
the most deleterious effects upon our community of
any legislative act consummated by the Congress of
the United States. Such being his view, he was
opposed to any system of legislation designed di-
rectly or indirectly to effect the object, lie should
should vole for the propositions submitted to their
consideration. Tie was in favor of the graduating
the prices of the public, lands; and he was in favor
ofthe lowest standard that had been named. He
would not give them away, as was suggested by a
gentleman near him; but he held that, whatever pol-
icy might be adopted, if it prevented their going
into the hands of speculators, and at the same time
secured them to the men who settled upon them,
thus advancing their value, and doubling the prop-
erty of the nation, that was the true policy.
i laving thus stated his vie.ws generally, he pro-
ceeded in a few words to examine the several prop-
ositions before the House, and to express his pref-
erence for that of his colleague, [Mr. Cakv.J
Mr. HOUSTON adverted to the contrariety of
the arguments that had been adduced by way of
appeals to various interests, against this bill, and he
ptoceeded to examine in detail, and to reply to some
o( the arguments on that aide of the question by Mr.
Caijsin.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] intimated
that if this bill passed, the settlers on the public
lands would put in force the squatters1 law, and drive
olf purchases. lie did not know what the gentle-
man meant by sqnattcrV law, there being no such
law in this country, but he presumed the gentleman
m^aiit combinations among the squatters to intimi-
date purchasers, and drive them oil' from the land
sales. Now he had heard of damning combinations
among ape* ulators against the interests of the actual
settlers, to raise the price of the public lands on them,
and sonu'tnnefi to depiivn them of the firms they
had improved by their labor; but he had never hoard
of combinations among the settlors. The gentleman
said too, that if this bill passed, hordes of specula-
tors would come from the large cities and buy up
the oaths of the settlers, in order to obtain posses-
sion of die public lands. He did notknow the price
of oaths in Ohio, and did not know the morality of
its citizens; but if the genthman intended to apply
that remark to any other State than Ohio, he was
much mist.iken. lie knew that there had been false
oaths taken in relation to the public lands as well as
on all other subject^; but the settlers of the West
would be the last persons he would go to buy oaths.
If the gentleman's constituents fould bo bought and
sold, it was not so with the people ofthe part ofthe
country he came from. The gentleman said that he
had lived all Ins life in the West, an.I waa well ac-
quainted with the wants and condition of the people
of that part of the country. He said that forty
acres was as much as any poor man could cuUivafe,
and that more would injure him. This was a sur-
pi ising declaration to come from a gentleman who
professed to be well acquainted with the western
country. Why, the idea was titli^nlons. Forty
acres was not near enough land for a head of -a
family, particularly if he had a number of children.
