Congressional GLOBIL
$4§
He should like to know how a man with half a
dozen of half grown boys could find employment
for them on forty acres, or by what process of rea-
soning the gentleman come to the conclusion that
more than forty acres would injure him.
Mr. VINTON said that the gentleman had mis-
understood him if he understood him as saying that
more than forty acres would injure a poor man.
Mr. HOUSTON said he would- read what the
gentleman was reported to have said. This report
was published some days ago, and the gentleman
never contradicted it.
Mr. H. then read some remarks made by Mr.
"Vinton, concluding with the sentence, "if he had
more than forty acres it would injure him "
Mr. VINTON" said that the report the gentleman
rcfidwos made without his knowledge. It contain-
ed o. m( re outline of what he said, and was generally
correct; but in that particular, as well as some
others, it was erroneous. What ho said was, that
forty acres was as much as a poor man could culti-
vate with advantage; and he followed it up by say-
ing that, in the western country, the farmers usual-
ly had more land than they could cultivate to ad-
vantage.
Mr. HOUSTON said he would take the gentle-
man's. argument as he explained it. It was his
property, and he had a right to take it back. But it
was plain to him that the gentleman did not. under-
stand the wants of the people of the western coun-
tiy, or he would not have said that, forty acres
would be enough to satisfy the wants of a poor man
who, possibly, might have five or six sons, and per-
haps as many daughters. But the gentleman, as a
further argument against this bill, said that, in his
district, lands that had been in the market forty
years, and did not find a purchaser at §1 25 per
acre, afterwards were sold at that price. Did the
gentleman allude to some salt lands of considerable
notoriety in Ohio? and had he any inteiest in these
far-famed salt, lands? Might it not bo true that the
lands the gentleman alluded to were the salt lands
that were bought Tip for the purpose of monopoliz-
ing what, in the backwoods, was denominated the
salt business? The answer to this question might
perhaps be an answer to the gentleman's argument.
Rut the gentleman from Vermont, who was not
in his seat, used an argument winch was stronger
than that; and he did hot know that he ought not"to
submit it to him, to allow him, too, an opportunity
of taking it back, before replying to it. The gen-
tleman said that in lb:.')G and 1837, some forty mil-
lions of acres of the public, lands were sold, and
that the principal part of them were now in the
market, and m competition with the land*? of the
government. Are we (said Mr. IT.) to understand
the honorable gentleman as opposing this bill be-
cause it may prejudice the interests of speculators0
The inference (said Mr. 11.) we are compelled to
come to, is, that by passing this bill the people of
the country can buy lands of the government at a
< heapcr rate, and theiefurc this forty millions of
acres would be left m the hands of the persons who
have bought them on speculation.
Mr. VINTON objected to any such inference be-
ing drawn from what he said, f fe was as much op-
posed to the public lands being the object of specu-
lation as any one.
Mr. HOUSTON snid the gentleman could not
deny usui<c the argument he quoted, though he said
he was as much opposed to speculation as any one.
The gentleman further went on to argue that if this
bill passed it would not add one single indmdu<d to
the populaiton of the West, nor cause the sale of a
mngle additional aere of land. Now the gentleman
from Maryland, who joined in opposition to this
bill, used an argument that wps entirely opposite to
this. ITc said that the passage of the bill would
depopulate the old States. These two arguments,
from gentlemen who maintain the same side of the
question, were entirely inconsistent .with each other.
Mr. IT. then proceeded to show the reasons why
this bill ought to pass, dwelling on the sacred obli-
gations of the government, to administer the trust
land of the public lands in confoimity with the
terms for which it was granted. Tie contended that
it would be a culpable disregard of this trust to hold
the property up at so high a rate that it could not
find purchasers.
If gentlemen were trustees under a trust-deed
which required the sale of the trust property for par-
ticular specified objects, lie would like to know if
the trust would be 'discharged by holding up the
property al an enormous price. The question was
a very simple one, The trustee must administer
his trust in accordance with the terms of the trust-
deed; and if there were no directions given, it must
be done just as a prudent man's common sense
would dictatc. It would not do to say that they
had complied with the condition that they should
offer the property for sale, while they offered it at a
price which prevented the sale.
He then drew an illustration from the operation
of the tariff, which operated unequally, and more
for the interests of some than of others, and yet was
submitted to because it was the best that could be
adopted for the good of the whole.
He next proceeded to notice the operation of the
system of allowing these lands to he unsold on the
Stateg themselves, by exempting them from taxation
for the State purposes.
He also replied to the argument of the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Marsh,] in which that gentle*
man contended that the time these lands had been in
the market was no test of their value; and then no-
ticed two or three suggestions which had been made
for the reduction of the price of these lands. The
pioposition to survey the lands he held to be im-
practicable and objectionable, inasmuch as such sur-
vey would cost more than the lands were worth.
He was also opposed to the proposed classification of
the lands by the register of the land office. He
called the attention of the committee to some tabu-
lar statements which he made at the last session, on
which he commented at some length; and he ap-
pealed to the committee, especially to some gentle-
men from New York who had spoken on this sub-
ject, to pass this bill.
He was cut short in his argument by the expira-
tion of his allotted hour, but obtained a few mo-
ments from the time of the gentleman who suc-
ceeded lum to state some facts bearing on the ques-
tion.
Mr. McDOWELL said he resided in a portion of
the valley of the Mississippi, which he was exceed-
ingly anxious to sec aided in the development of its
resources; and therefore he was opposed to the erec-
tion of any barrier by this government which would
prevent the accomplishment of that object. They
wanted population; and therefore they were anx-
ious to do that which would induce population to
emigrate. During the year 1837, speculators over-
run the western country from the eastern States;
and he had no objection to the settlement of those
gentlemen in the western country; but that was not
their intention; and, having secured large tracts of
the public, land, some of which they had sold out
at large profits to the poor man, they were now op-
posed to a graduation of price, for the puiposc of
upholding the price of that which they still held.
Some gentlemen objected to this bill, because they
believed it would enable men to speculate; or, in
other words, they would not pass a good law, he-
cause n mii^ht possibly be abused'. But he did not
consider that a good reason for the rejection of this
bill.
He had been amused at the reasons that had been
urged against the graduaiion bill. It had been op-
posed on the ground that this government ought to
hold on to the land for the purpose of speculating
itself. On whom would it speeokte3 On its own
people. Was that thrt ohjert of the cessions made
by the States* No; the object was to enable the
government to pay its debts; to effect the settlement
of the States, and their introduction into the Union.
It was! never dreamed by those who made the ces-
sions that this government would hold on to the
lands forty or fifty years, and prevent their sales by
holding them at high prices.
Gentlemen opposed the graduation principle on
the ground that it would prevent the establishment
of a great measure—the distribution of the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands among the States.
Mr. McD. examined the practical workings of the
system of distribution, pointing out the inequalities
of advantages conferred by it upon the different
classes of community, paiticnlaily its exclusive
benefits conferred upon the rich, and its oppression
of the poor. ITe went [or this system, because it
would enable the poor man to get the hnda at a low
pi ice; if they did not get them at a low price, they
would not get them at all.
Another effect of the graduation system would be
to invite a large number of individuals who had
settled in the eastern cities, who were half
starved and dependent on those who employ-
ed them, to go to the West, where, with lit-
tle funds, they could secure a small farm on
which to subsist and bring up their families,
where they would get rid of that feeling of depend-
ence which made them slaves, where they would
breathe the free air of heaven and feel as freemen and
act as freemen. He referred to the actual opera-
tion and effects of this system of western emigra-
tion as substantially the position he had taken.
There were hundreds of instances of men who, a
few years ago, had wended their way from the old
States and crossed the mountains in an old cart with
-scarcely a pound of iron upon it, and which was
groaning beneath the weight of seven or eight child-
ren and all their effects, who had now become land-
holders, legislators, and -respectable and virtuous
men. -There was a re-energizing, a transforming
influence in the air west of the mountains that did
not exist in the eastern States. Mr. McD. carried
out this idea-with some earnestness.
He argued that it was as m uch the duty of every
man, cast as well as west of the mountains, to do
all they could do to aid in bringing out the vast re-
sources of the Mississippi valley; and that this bill
should be voted on and sanctioned with an enlarged
national view' of the benefits that would hence be ren-
dered to~ all the interests and sections of the coun-
try.
Mr. RATHBURN obtained the floor, but few
moments remaining for debate. The argument
used by the gentleman who had just taken his seat
(he said) was one which struck with a peculiar
force every eastern and northern man. If the gen-
tlemen thought that they of those sections looked
with jealousy upon the West—that they would for
a moment prevent the rapid improvement and settle-
ment of that country—they were entirely mistaken.
They felt as lively an interest in the progress of
that country as any other section of our confeder-
acy whatever. But because they regarded the wel-
fare of those who had gone over, because they
would not wrong those who had settled on the pub-
lic lands, they were unwilling to break upgthat
system under which these lands had been settled
and been improved—under which new States had
sprung up as if by enchantment—under which
wealth and prosperity had spread over the western
country.
Of the public lands since they were first brought
into market, there had been sold about one hundred
millions of acres, and there were now in market
about one hundred and fifty millions more. A large
portion of these lands had been in market from five
to forty-five years; and by the operation of this
bill, without regard to the quality of the lands, but
according to the number of years they had been in
market, were they to be disposed of. Now it was
not assuming too much to say, that of the lands yet
remaining in market there were as good lands to be
found as any that had been sold.
But it was said that the lands were unfit for cul-
tivation, and thus their prices were to be reduced
for the benefit of the poor man. Was that the way
to legislate for the poor man, to pay him off in
lands actually unfit for cultivation? The industrious
poor man,under the system at present subsisting,
and which had worked so well, with $50 could buy
forty acres of land, and with the proceeds of his in-
dustry could enlarge his lands from time to time, as
lie saw fit. There was many a man in New York
with forty acres of land, who was as independent
as any man. It was not the quantity of land, but
the mode of cultivation, and the energy and indus-
try of the cultivator, which were the important ele-
ments of prosperity.
But who was to buy these lands at this reduced
price proposed? The poor man? Where would lie get
the money? lie apprehended it would be the rich
man, who would sell out the lands at retail at differ-
ent prices.
IVlr. HOUSTON explained that it, was a provision
of the bill which the gentleman seemed to have over-
looked, that the land obtained under it could notbe
transferred, and that the persons who bought it
should become actual settlers.
Mr. RATtlBUN resuming, said it was not ne-
cessary to answer that argument in any other way
than that the rich man would say to the poor man
"soon to my land; cultivate it legally two or three
years, and then you may have it at a certain price."
It was out of the question to prevent evasions of the
law. The truth was, that under this hill as good
lands «s were ever sold, would be brought into mar-
ket and sold to speculators, who would retail them
to the poor man. For this reason, and for others
which he had not time to slate, he was opposed to
the bill.
He believed a system might be devised, by which
these lands should be ceded to the States on certain
