Q50
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
terms, and it be left to the States to dispose of them
as they saw fit to their people; and he should be
willing to vote for it. But this was a proposition to
strike down the prices of all the pubhc uoiyiain in
market, to aonihjlate at a single blow a system
• which had worked so'well, and to force into market
too many of the public lands.
. The time allotted to debate having expired, the
committee proceeded to vote.
At one o'clock, the CHAIR announced that the
hour for the termination of the debate had arrived,
and that the conuniuee would proceed to vote on
the pending amendments.
The question was first taken on the amendment of
Mr. A. Stewart to the amendment, as follows:
And provided farther, Tl >t the proviso contained in the
sixth section of the act of 4th September, 1811, entitled "An
act to appropriate the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, and lo^iant pre-emption lights;"' which proviso sus-
pends the opeistio'i ot the said j jt, v henever yny duty on
foreign imports exceeds 20 perccnt. ad valorem, be, md the
same is hereby repealed, and the so id act is hereby, declared
to be in full lorce fxom and after the Sls>t day of March,
1845.
This amendment was rejected without a division.
Mr. MURPHY then offered the following as on
amendment to the amendment.
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That all lands of the United States which shall have been
subject to entry l rfive years oi upwards prioi to, the pas-
sage of this act, and btill remaining unsold, rna> be euteied
for settlement at the price of one mill per acre for any quan-
tity not exceeding one-hundred and sixty acre.*. Provided
that such entry shall be void and of no ettect, unless the per-
son making such entry, or application for entry, shall bo of
the age oi twenty-one years, and shall become an actual
settler upon the land so' entered within six months after such
entry, and that no person shall be entitled to make more
than one such entry.
The question was then put on Mr. Cart's amend-
ment, which was offered as a substitution for the
original bill:
Amendment offered in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, by mr Surpur.ui* C vuy, to the bill (II. 11.
2) to "reduce and graduate the price ol the public lands
in favor of octu.il suttlurfe and cultivctors."1
Be it enacted hi/ the Senate and House of Jlepresentathes of
the United Stafcs of Amiiica in Counrcss assembled, That ail
of the lands of tlv: 1,'nited w Inch shall ba\ e been sub-
ject to entry ten yfars, and under twenty years, pnortotbe
time an application may be made to enter the same under
the provisions of this act. and still lemoinmg unsold, may
be entered for settlement and cultivation at the price of one
dollar per acre, for an}' quantity not exceeding one hundred
and sixty acres; and all of the lands of the United States
which shall have been subject to enliy twenty years, and
under thirty years, prior to the time an application may be
made to enter the same under the provisions of this act,'and
still remaining unso]d, may be, entered tor settlement and
cultivation at the price of seventy-live cents per acre, for
any quantity not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres;
and ail of the lands oi the United Staie3 which shall have
been subject to entry for thirty years and upwards prior to
the time an application may be made to enter the same un-
der the provisions of this act, md &till irrnaimng unsold,
may be entered for st ttlementand cultivation at the pi ice of
fifty cents pei .tore, for any quantity not exceeding one hun-
dred and <-ivty jieri-s:*P) orided, That none of the provisions
of this act shall apply' to any lands ol the United States with-
in any of the Teintorios.
"Sec. -2. And he it further enacted, Thotthe person making
entry, or application for entry, under the provisions of this
act, and at either of the prices designated therein, shall first
make an affidavit before the register or receiver of the
proper land office where entry is pioposed to be made, thot
the said applicant enters and proposes to enter the same for
his own use and benefit, for settlement and cultivation bj
and for him or herself; and that the said applicant has made
no entry under the provisions of this act, or no entry in
pursuance thereof, which, together with the additional eritjy
then proposed to be made, ^vill make the whole quantity so
entered and proposed to be entered exceed one hundred and
sixty acres - and all entries at either of the prices designated
by this act,'contrary to the true intent and meaning there-
of, aie hereby declared to be null and void: Provided Th.xt 1
this act shall not apply to the alternate sections oi land re-
served, or \\ h ch may be reserved, by the United States,
within any of the htates.
Sfc S And belt fi'r'Iur ennctrd. That parents snail not
issue for land entered under the provisions of this Dct. until
the expiration of three y ears after said entry; and at the .
time application inav be made l'oi a patent, the purchaser :
under this act, before he shall be entitled to the same, shall
first prove, by disinterested witnesses, to the satisfaction of
the Commissioner ol the (reneial Land Office, tlwt said pur-
chaser has resided upon and cultivated said land, so entered,
for three consecutive rears pieceding his application tor a
patent- and all as ignnicnts, in trust or otherwise, all sales,
conveyances, and transfers, bj any ot *ud purchaser* of
anv of said land?, before apateut <hall have issued for the
same, shall be absoiu'elv null and void; end in the event of
the death of anv of said purchasers prior to the issuance of a
patent in their behal I, all of the ri&Uts and privileges under
the provisions M" act to which he or snc w as entitled,
shall accrue and belong to his or her heirs, to enable them
to perfect the said land title, and obtain a patent thereior.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved to amend this
amendment so as to provide fur five years' instead
of three years' residence on the tract purchased, pre-
vious to the issuing of a pafent to the purchaser.
Mr, GARY accepted this proposition as a modifi-
cation of his amendment; and the amendment, thus
modified,' was agreed to—ayes 92, noes 25.
Mr. THOMPSON moved that the committee
rise.
Mr. TIIOMASSON rose to a question of order.
An entirely new proposition had been adopted as a
substitute for the original bill, and it was therefore
in order to offer an amendment to it. He asked that
the question be put on his amendment.
The CHAIR decided that the amendment was
not in order, a motion'to strike out and insert having"
been already adopted.*
Mr. TMOMASSON appealed from the decision
of the Chair; and on putting the question on the ap-
peal, the decision of the Chair was sustained by the
House—ayes 80, noes 47.
The question recurring on the motion that the
committee rise and report the bill to the House, it
was carried, and the committee accordingly rose and
reported the bill as amended.
Mr. HOUSTON then called for the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded by the House—ayes 78,
noes 67.
Mr. VINTON moved to lay the bill on the ta-
ble.
Mr. THOMPSON called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HAMLIN called for the reading of the "bill,
as amended, and it was read accordingly. -
Mr. THOMASSON desired to know if a motion
to recommmit the bill witframendments would be in
order.
The CHAIR said it would not.
The yeas and nays were then ordered; and the
question being put on laying the lull on the table,
it was decided in the affirmative—ycs s 103, nays
97—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Ashe, K.iker-
Barrmger, Barnaul. Bayly, Benton, Brrni;lc, Biodhcad, Hut-
fington. Buike. Carpenter, Canoll. Cathn, Causm, Chap,
pell, Chilton, Clinch, Clmgman, Coles. Collamer, Cuuihton,
Dana, Daniel, Dauagh, < «ni i elt Dai is, ilieh.iid 1). Davis,
Deberry, Dickey, Dillingham, Elmer, Korlee, Vivh, Flo-
rence, toot, Foster, French, (iiddmgx, (Jogerm, 15.  iiren,
Urmnell, tinder, J bile, Harper, Hutitkll, Hudson, Hun-
geiford, Washington Hunt. Joseph K lu^ersull, 1 rv in,
Jenks, Perley B Johnson, John 1'. Kennedy, I'reMon King,
Diniel P. King, Knkpatriek, I.uc.is, Mellvaine, Marsh,
Edward J. Mollis, KieemauH. Moist', VoM'ley, Newton,
Norms, Patersou, l'eyton, PIkmik, Pollock, F.h<ha K.
Potter, Preston, 11 am say, llathbun, Kajncr, David S.
Reid, Reding, Rockwell, Rogers, Russell, Saunders,
Schenck, Neuter, Severance, Thomas H. Teymour. David
L. Seymour, Albert Smith, Andrew Stewart, John Stew at t,
Shies, Strong, Summers, Sykes. Iilden, Tyler, Vance,
Vainnutei, Vinton, Wethuied, John White, Winthrop,
Woodward, and William Wright—10"
NAYS.—Messrs Arrmgton, Atkinson, Reiser, Bidlack,
James black, James A. Black, Blackwell, {lower, liowlm,
Boj-d, Brinkcihoff, A. V. Blown, W. J Ihonri, Caldwell,
Jeremiah E.Can , Shepherd Gary, A. A.Chapman. Clinton,
Cobb, Cross, Cullom, J. W. Ddvjs, Dawson. Delict, Doug-
lass, Duncan, Ellis, Fiekl.n, Fulhr, Hannibal Hamlin,
Jlommett, Haralson, Hardin, Hays, llenh'y, Hoye, Hopkins.
Houston, liubard, Hughes, Jame« B. Hunt, Jameson, r<ive
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, (irorye W.Jones, \mirow
Kennedy. Lnbranche, Eumpksn, I.\ on, MfCnu'-loti,
McClelland, McClernand, McConncll, AicDowcll, McKay,
Mathews, .Joseph Morris, Isaac E. Moi-m;, Uv. en, IVi-
menter, Payne, J'ettit, EineijjD 1'otU-i, Piatt, B<dfe, lijtt« i,
Roberts, St John, Sample, Simpson, Slidell Thomas
Smith, Caleb B Smith, Robert Smith, Steemod, James W.
Stone, Alfred P. Stone, Taj lor, Thomasson, Thompson. Tib-
batts, Tucker, Wellor, Wontworth, Wheaton, tioniarnin
White, Williams, Joseph A. Wright, Yancey, and \ ost -97.
Mr. HAMLIN moved that the rules be suspended,
that the House might resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, with a view
of testing the sense of the House on the post office
bill-
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Vixton in the chan.)
Mr. WELLER moved that the committee take up
the bill extending the rights of suffrage in the city
of Washington; which was negatived.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR THE 1,\DTAN DEPART-
MENT.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the bill before the
committee was the "bill making appropriations fur
the current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfillingtreaty stipulations with
the various Indians tribes for the fiscal year com-
mencing on the 1st day of July. 1845, and ending
on the 30th day of June, 184ft."
On the motion of Mr. McKAY, the following
item was stricken out: For the necessary buildings
required at the several agencies, and repairs thereof,
authorized by the act of June 18, 1834, $2,000.
Mr. Mc&AY then submitted an amendment,
which embraced a variety of items.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following, as an
amendment to the amendment: To make good the
interest on investments in State stocks and bonds for
various Indian tribes, not yet paid by the States,
and be reimbursed out of the interest when col-
lected, £62,503 43.
Mr. ADAMS objected to the amendment to the
amendment, that it was an assumption, of State
debts.
Mr.McIvAY entered into some explanatory state*
ments, and caused very long extracts from the trea-
ties to be read in illustration of his argument.
Mr. ADAMS understood that the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means admitted that
this proposition amounted to an assumption of debts
due from several of the States to the amount of
$60,000 or $70,000; which, being paid, made the
United States creditors to the several States for
whom the money was paid. Tlio chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means said he had voted
against it at the last session; he hoped the gentle-
man would vote in that way at the present time. If
this House and the other .House would agree to as-
sume all the debts of all the States, he would then
vote fortius proposition. It would be the greatest
injustice to the Indians; but if the principle of anti-
assumption was to be maintained, he did not think
the exceptions to this principle should be in this
form; but he. thought the government of the United
States was bound to call on the several States, who,
by repudiation, had been delinquent in the payment
of these debts, to pay them to the full extent.
Mr. BAYLY asked for the rending of the amend-
ment; which was read by the Clerk.
The remarks of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, he said, had compelled him, from the position
he happened to occupy on this question at the last
session of Congress, to make u remark in reply.
He referred to the history of the proposition at the
last session, showing, among other things, that, con-
trary to the declaration of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, it had not passed here without the most
serious objection, and in fact had been twice reject-
ed hero, and only finally agreed to on. the adoption
of the report of the committee of conference. A
short reference to the facts of the case would con-
vince the committee that the statement of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts that this proposition was
an assumption of State debt.s was wholly unfound-
ed. in our negotiations with sundry Indian
tribes, we acquned their lands by treaty, in
winch the investment of a part of the purchase
money was guarantied for the supplying them with
impl"inents of husbandry, with school books, the
maintenance of school teachers and schools. In
every one of these instances where we retained a
portion of the.se moneys, they were to be applied
to purposes of civilization; and the stipulation of the
treaty by which this money was retained, was
rather at our instance, than at the instance of the
Indians, and rather for our benefit than for their
benefit. Well, having invested this money in State
stocks, when these stocks turned out unproductive,
ought they not, as trustees, to make it good? If it
was said that the investment was judicious at the
time, and since havmg turned out unsound,
therefore, the government ought not to be bound for
if, he said that, dealing with these Indians, who
weie under our tutilagc, who were our wards, who
could not understand a technicality of that sort, we
om'ht not to rely on such a plea as this to shield
us from the payment of the moneys we owed to the
Indians. Even if the treaties did direct an invest-
ment of the moneys in State storks, what did
these Indians know about State stocks? It was left
to our discretion; and, acting as their trustees, wo
were hound, on every principle of justice, to make
this appiopriation. It was proposed only to pay
the interest to these Indians, until the States become
solvent. When they did, the whole amount would
be refunded. If not, the burden would fall upon
tins government, and not on these unfortunate In-
dians.
; He pointed out some of the disastrous clTects that
would result from this failure, from whatever rea-
son, however jrood, to make these payments to
the Indians, vi//. in case of their agricultural im-
plements bein^ withheld from them, their liability
to fall back into their former uncivilized state; the
breaking up of their schools; the filling their unfor-
tunate race, whose relation to us was thatoftutil-
age, with ill feelings and distrust towards the gov-
ernment. They would consider it an open, flagrant
breach of our treaty. It was no principle, he con-
tended, of assuming the State debts.
Mr. ADAMS said the gentleman from Virginia
appeared to have answered every part of .his're-
