CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
marks except the precise objection which he had
made. He (Mr. A.) had stated that it would be
the extreme of injustice to make the Indians suffer
in consequence of this (as the gentleman called it) un-
fortunate investment. The gentleman denied that
this was an assumption of State debts. And how
did he prove it? , Why, he showed that this House,
by a large majority, had rejected it at the last session
of Congress. The interest of the money, he (Mr.
A.) contended, was a part of the debt as completely
as the principal; and when this government paid it
for the States, did they not assume it? If the gen-
tleman was pleased to call it a technicality, why,
technicality let it be. It was solid money—money
which his constituents, and the constituents of eve-
ry man in the House, would be charged with.
What he wished was, that this government should
prevail on the States to pay this money, or to take
some other mode than that proposed to satisfy these
Indians, because this sanctioned the principle of
assumption. He had no objection to it as a general
principle. The States of this Union ought to be
treated equally on this floor. If we paid the debts
of Maryland and Indiana, why not of Massachu-
setts and other States? In every instance in which
they paid one cent of the debts of the States, they
give the right to all the States to call on them to
pay all their debts. You promised (said Mr. A.)
to invest this money in State stocks. Youi nvestecl
them m United States stock, as the event proves.
Mr. WELLER had no idea, when he offered
this amendment, that any gentleman could resolve
it into an assumption of the State debts. The
gentleman from Massachusetts went on the assump-
tion that these bonds were held by the Indians.
The fact was, that the general government had in-
vested this portion of the moneys due the Indians in
State stocks- The general government had bound
itself by treaty stipulations with the Indians. The
gentleman said that, if the general government car-
ried out its solemn obligations, thereby it assumed
the debts of the States. Would any gentleman
have put such a construction upon it, except the
gentleman from Massachusetts'
The State governments were unable at present to
pay the interest on these bonds, which the general
government now owed. He asked whether this
fact exonerated the government from the obliga-
tions of these 'bonds growing out of its contracts
with the Indians. Certainly not. If the general
government curried out its own contract, and paid
its debts, it wag not, an assumption of State debts.
Would the payment to the Indians of the interest
which the government had guarantied to them be an
assumption of State debts?
Mr. ADAMS. Certainly it would.
Mr. WELLER. The gentleman says that it
would. The government had assumed to pay the
interest of the tnoney invested by them belonging to
the Indians; and if it pays this debt, the gentleman
says the government is bound to pay everybody to
whom the States are indebted. The government
was bound by treaty to make good the investment it
made of the money of these Indians, and to take
care that the interest is paid annually. Now the
fulfiment of this solemn guaranty, the gentleman
said, would be an assumption of the debts of the
States. A strange conclusion to which the gentle-
man had arrived, and which he could not see the
justice of. If this was an assumption of State debts,
'he should not expect the gentleman from Massachu-
setts to oppose it. But it was not an assumption,
and could not, by any reasonable coarse of aigu-
ment, be made anything like it.
Mr. BAYLY said the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Adams] complained that he did not
answer the gist of his argument. The gentleman
said that he maintained this to be, in principle, an
assumption of State debts, and complained that he
(Mr. B.) did not answer that part of his
argument. Now, the reasoning of the honora-
ble gentleman was entirely erroneous, ^ because
he had mistaken the creditor in this instance.
The States did not owe the Indians a dollar. If they
did, he would be opposed to this proposition—
though the gentleman himself might, from the
latitudinous views he took of the powers of Con-
gress. The States (said Mr. B.) do not owe the In-
dians, but they owe us. and we owe the Indians;
and because the States won't pay us,Athe gentleman
says that we must not pay the Indians what is just-
ly due them. The state of this debt was entirely
different from those due by the States. The capi-
talists who contracted with them in their sovereign
capacity, contracted with their eyes opep, and the
government had nothing to do with it. But in this
case it was very different. The Jndians did not
contract with- the States, but contracted with the
government, which is bound by every principle of
honor to pay them. The error, if any, was com-
mitted when the treaty was negotiated, by the gov-
ernment becoming a creditor of the States. He re-
gretted that the gentleman from Massachusetts or
any one else should consider this proposition as hav-
ing the slightest appearance of an assumption of the
debts of the States. ■ r
t Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL did not con-
sider this measure in the slightest degree as an as- .
sumption of State debts, and he likened it to the
case of the Smithsonian legacy, which had been in-
vested in State stocks, that, by the default of the
States which issued them, were now, and would
probably for some years to come, be utterly, una-
vailable.
Now it was the duty of the government, acting
in good faith as the trustee of this fund, to make it
good, so as to carry out the benevolent intentions of
the devisor, and it was equally its duty to make good
the fund it had invested for the benefit of the In-
dians.
Mr.' COLLAMER observed that as all seemed to
be on one side on this question, and every gentleman
would vote for it, he only wished to preface his vote
by saying that he would not consider it as sanction-
ing an assumption of the debts of the States. He
wished it to be understood that, in voting for this
proposition, he did not adopt the principle of as-
suming the debts of the States. He would vote for
it on the ground that the government was bound to
pay the interest on the money which they had in-
vested in these unavailable State stocks for the bene-
fit of the Indians. The payment of the interest was
certainly not an assumption of the debt.
Mr. McKAY observed that these objections
might very properly have been made by the «rrntle-
man from'Massachusetts in 1849, when his friends
were in the majority in the House, and the propo-
sition was made for the first time to pay the interest
on these investments. As was very properly re-
marked by the gentleman from Vermont, the pay-
ment of the inkiest was not assuming the debt. It
was proper to remark to the committee that there
were three descriptions of cases provided for in this
proposition. In several of the treaties made with the
Indians, there was no provision made for an invest-
ment of the money granted them In such ea^cs, when
the government took upon itself the responsibility of
investing the money, it did it at its own hazard,
and was therefore bound to make it good. In the
second class of cases, the treaties made it obligato-
ry on the government to invest the money in some
safe stocks; but the government agreed to guaran-
ty the punctual payment of the interest annually.
In both these cases the government was bound to
make good any deficiency that might exist. In
the other cases ,where there was a stipulation in the
treaty that the fund should be invested by the
President, and it turned out that the investment had
been an unfortunate one, and the interest was not
paid, he did not see how the government was bound
to reimburse the loss. The appropriation, howev-
er, for this object, had been made for two years past,
and he did not sec why it should not be done
then.
The question was then put, and the amendment
to the amendment was adopted.
The question recurring on the amendment,
Mr. CROSS moved to amend it, by increasing the
amount appropriated for the loss of the Cherokee
fund, which was lost in transportation by the ex-
plosion of the steamboat Black Hawk, from $8,610
to #9,697.
Mr. C. explained the object of this amendment
to be to reimburse a paymaster for the cost of the
transportation of the money lost in that explosion,
and which, in the settlement ofhi3 accounts, had
not been allowed him.
Mr. McKAY made some observations in expla-
nation.
Mr. CROSS continued further to advocate his
amendment, and to read extracts from official doc-
uments in illustration thereof.
Mr. McKAY continued the debate in explana-
tion.
The debate was further continued by Messrs. I. E.
MORSE, GARRET DAVIS, CROSS, DAWSON,
and McKAY.
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amenment was rejected by—ayes 12, noes not
counted.
The question recurring on the amendment as pre-
viously amended, was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. McKAY moved that the bill be laid aside to
be reported.
Mr. A. C. DODGE moved an amendment to add
an appropriation of $5,000 to defray the expenses
of treaty with the Winnebago Indians for the ex-
tinguishment of their .title to lands claimed in Iowa,
of the expenses of their removal to lands selected
for them, &c. _ r
Mr. D. said he had received an official letter from
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, calling his at-
tention to the importance of this amendment, and
suggesting the propriety of offering it at this time.
It was a measure called for alike by motives of in-
terest and philanthropy.
Some conversation arose between Messrs. Mc-
KAY and DODGE.
Mr. McKAY raised a point of order against the
amendment, on the ground that it was a new appro-
priation proposed to the regular appropriation bill.
After some conversation by several gentlemen.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of order,
thus throwing out the amendment.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON appealed from the deci-
sion. •
On motion, the committee rose and reported prog-
ress.
The SPKAKER laid before the House the annual
communication from the Post Office Department re-
quired by the law reorganizing the Post OiKee De-
partmaat, showing the contracts for the transmis-
sion of the mail during the year, &c., &c.: laid upon
the table.
Also several other communications from the Post
Office Department and the Treasury Department;
one from the State Department, in answer to a re-
cent resolution of the House, calling for theamountof
the debt of Texas, and her public lands; and one from
the War Department, giving information as to the
amount of the claims of the State of Georgia, for ser-
vices of her militia; all which were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY, on leave, gave notice of the intro-
duction of the bill of which he asked leave to give
notice at an early part of the day, (as appears
above.)
Mr. STILES, on leave, made a report from the
Post Office Committee, which was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. BLACKWELL: The petition of Daniel Newman,
asking a pension for services during the late war with
(Heat Britain: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions,
By Mr. JOSEPH A. WRIGHT: The petition of A. N.
Pattengill, of Indiana, piaying for compensation for one
month's extra pay upon a mail route m Indiana: referred to
th« Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr DEAN: The petition of Job Scott and others, and
of f.lisha Ervin and others, against the annexation of Texas
to the United States. The petition of John T. Price and
others, for the abolition of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia. Also the petition of Adam Dunbar and others, against
the right of reclaiming slaves, &.c.
Mr A P.STONE: The memorial of Levi Nichols, pray-
ing Congress to grant him a pension: referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions. Also the memorial of
James Rnsscll and 92 other's, citr/ens of the State of Ohio,
prajing Congress to furnish said Russell with means to
construct a national planetarium at Washington.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of the inhabitants of Sag
harbor, jn the State of New York, for the erection of alight-
house on Gardiner's Island.
By Mr. S CAREV: The petition of the inhabitants of
Frenchman's bay for a light-house: referred to the Comit-
tee on Commerce. Also the petition of Samuel Gill and 29
other?, of Augusta, Maine, for a reduction of the price of
the public land to actual settlers: referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
liy Mr W.HUNT: The petition of 136 citizens of Kendall,
New York, for the reduction of postage.
By Mr LABRANCHE: The papers nf Jacob Barker, of
New Orleans, in relation to certain claims against thu gov-
ernment of the United States: referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
By Mr HENLEY: The petition of Hart Donough and
others, in lavor of the purchase of Evans's safety valve for
the use of government steamers: referred to the Committee
on Patents.
By Mr. RATHBUN: The petition of N. Alvard and oth-
ers for the abolition of the franking privilege, and for the
reduction of postage to two cents on all half ounce letters,
if prepaid. Also, the petition of L. Himrod and ethers for
the pame purpose: referred to the Committee on the Post
Officc and Post Roads.
By Mr. E. D. POTTER: The petition of 45 citizens of
Henry county, Ohio, for a post-route from Van Buren, Han-
cock eouaty, to Adrian, Lenawee county, Michigan. Th$
