"te
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
petition of24 citizens of Williams county, Ohio, for a change
m the rates of postage.
- " IN SENATE.
Thursday-, February 6, 1845.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following resolution;
which, under the rule, lies one clay on the table, vir,\
Resolved, That there be furnished, for the use of the Sen-
ate, the further number of copies of the map of
Texas, which has been engraved for the Senate, provided
they be furnished at a price not exceeding that at which
the additional copies heretofore ordered were limited.
Mr: FOSTER, from the Committee on Claims, reported
back, without amendment, and with a recommendation that
it do pass, the bill ior the relief of Joseph Kamsey.
On motion by Mr 11ANNEGAN, he was excused from
anyfuither service on the Committee on Enrolled Iblls;
nd,
On the motion by Mr. DICKINSON, the \acancy thus oc-
casioned was authorized to be filled by the Chair
Mr C1IOATE presented a memorial from the inhabitants
of Reading, Massachusetts, remonstrating against the an-
nexation of Texas to the United states, which was ordered
to lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON, leave was granted to
withdraw from the files the papeis mthe case of James V/.
Lowe-, and
On motion by Mr STUJ1GEON, leave was granted to
withdraw from the files the papers ot John Washington.
Mr TAPfAN, Irom the Joint Committee on the Library,
to which wa« referred the joint resolution lor the distribu-
tion of the work on the exploring expedition, reported
back a substitute font—the onginal having been destroyed
by tire. , .
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on the Judiciar)'. to
which the subject had been referred, on resolutions ot State
legislatures, and petitions of members of the bar in various
sections of the country, reported a bill providing for the
purchase and distribution ol the decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States among the several States and
Territories? which was read, and ordered to a second read-
The resolution submitted by Mr. Barrow, a few davs ago,
authorizing the printing of a certain map of the Oull of
Mexico, having come up for consideration, was, on his mo-
tion, nas^ed by for the present
The adverse repoits ol the standing committees in the
cases of Frances Edwards, James Arnold, Sally Cass, James
H. Gale, and the professors of William and Mary College,
Virginia, were severally taken up and concurred in by the
Senate.
The joint resolution authorizing the Secretary oi the
Treasury to employ an additional inspector of the customs
for the port ol New Orleans, w as read the third time, and
passed. . , . „
On motion by Mr. FOSTER, the previous orders of the
day were postponed, and the joint resolution to suspend a
part of the third section of the joint resolution of the 11th
September, 18U, relating to armories, was taken up for
consideration, as in committee of the whole.
On motion by Mr. BRKESK, the joint resolution proposed
to bo suspended was read.
There being no proposition to amend the resolution, it
was reported to the Senate 5 and, the question being, Shall
it be ordered to be engrossed and read a third time?—
Mr. TAPPAN callod for some information as to the neces-
sity of the passage of the resolution
Mr. BAVTAUD remarked that the joint resolution was in-
troduced by the senator from Tennessee, fMr. Fostfr,] and
referred to the Committee on Naval A/lairs, which commit-
tee reported in favor of its passage ihe resolution pro-
posed to be suspended by it was the third of a series 0res-
olutions passed on the 11th oi September, 1>U1, providing
that no public money should be expended on any site or
land purchased by the United States, until the written opin-
ion of the Attorney (.xuneiul was first had in favor of the-* and-
itv of the title-, and also that the consent of the legMatuie
of the State i,i wli.oh the land is situate! shall be given to
the sai.1 purchase. There arc two things thus required by
that resolution- the examination ol the Attorney General,
ami the giving of J. certificate ot 1^ opinion aflirmiiig the
validity of the title and the assent ol the Mate to the pur-
chase. At the last session ol I'ongrcs an appropriation
was made for the purpose of eonstiuetiii!? a naval depot at
Memphis Tennessee. Now the reso ution introduced by
the senator from Tennessee, did. not propose to dispense
with the certificate of the Attorney General, in relation to
the validity of the title to the land on which it was proposed
S erect the yard at Memphis. The object of the resolution
v.'as intended merel) to dispense wit i the consent ol the
States as a precedent to the application of the appropriation.
The State of Tennessee had itself memorialized congress 111
relation to this \ ery irattcr ot ereetin? a prd there, and
there could not be tlie =h*Jn\v of a douot tiv.it tin,
t of the State would be readily ?ivon, so soon
legislature shall meet. 'I His, resolution sim-
the
much ol the thud icsolutiun
nlv dispenses wit i so    t'"1
, •-cnuire.l tW absent of the State as B c.m.h'.on precedent,
tut leaves the m itter of the le-al.ty of the title as prov ale,
hvVet NoevpeiuVitu.e of money can take ol.aco at
if the resolution he pa^cd, unt.l the oert,(ieatc ot t u
Attorney fieneral he ,;,von. The reason why this rosolu-
tuinh necessary, IS, that thrkpfebn* is not ill session,
; ,,-llt not lie lor a Year to come, and if the resolution lie
not pasl^l Vuhough the Attorney General should find the
for the contemplated depot until th. le=i.laturo sl.al
m«r BBEF.SE remarked that, if such was the object. mpro-
ly of'the resolut.on, he «oi,ld withdraw the call for the
5 The°^olntion was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
POST OFFICE REFORM.
SSSt tKie a io^t1 tie
and for the prevention of frauds on the revenues of the Post
Ofticc Department.
The CHAIR stated the pending question to be, primarily,
on concurring mthe amendment made, as in committee of
the whole, to strike out the ninth section; but before that
question was put. it wa* in order to amend the section, and,
accordingly, the senator from Rhode lidurtd, [Mr. biMiuo.N.sj
had moved to still.e out all alter the words, shall be, in the
sixth line, and insert, allowed to frank their own Utters not
exceeding two ounces each, and speeches made by them in Con-
niv-ss, which amendment the senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Bcch^h\,] moved to amend by striking outthe words,
tetters not exceeding two ounce5 each, andy the effect of which
would be to allow members the pi m lege of franking only
their speeches made in Congress.
Mr.AT-.LKN called for the reading of the section as pro-
posed to be amended.
It was road, as follows:
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in lieu of the priv-
ilege heretofore allowed to the members of < ongress, of
pending to their constituents and others, letter* oi other
written or printed communications free of postage through
the moil, each member of Congiess and Delegate from a
territory shall be alloyed /<>frank [then oivn hlteis, not ex-
ceeding two ouncee eaclt «>«/] speieh j ntude tnj (hew in Con-
^resi.
The part in brackets showing the w ords moved by Mr.
Elciiasav to he stricken out.
Mr. FOSTKIl suggested the propriety of striking out the
words by them, so as to allow members to send other than
their own speeches
Mr HUNTINGTON believed that, hefoie any^ other
amendment could be in order, the question should be taken
on the motion of thesenator from Pennsylvania, [Mr Been-
anan,] to amend the amendment of the senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr Simmons.]
Mr. MERRICK concurred that such was the only course
in order; and he recapitulated the pending question as stated
in the first instance bv the Chair.
Mr. ALLEN understood that the bill also provided for
letters being received by members of Congress free during
each session/
Mr* HUNTINGTON. Yes, and for 30 days before and HO
days alter each session.
Mr. SIMMONS stated that in c.vu> this section was struck
out, he would submit a substitute, the purpose of \\ inch
would be to leave the privilege, of members the same as it
is now, but to have the portage on their letteis to their con-
stituents and the postage on the letter* of the department*
on their official business, paid over from their respective
contingent funds to the post office depmtmcnt. Should his
amendment now pending prevail, lie would move to strike
outthe words by them, as Miggestod by the sanalor fiom
Tennuh-'oe, [Mr
Mr. BUCHANAN said the fir«t question was upon his
amendment to the .lwnduicnl, and that was simplj v. bet her
members w ere to bank their letter*, or pay their own post-
age. ,
Mr. BENTON asked would the word M/m apply to
punted letters as well as manuscript letters.
Mr SIMMONS said that if am difficulty presented itself
on that point, it could be amended afterw ards
The yeas and 11a} s on M r. lb ciun amendment having
been ordered je«.tei day .were now taken, and resulted yea<
17, nays 23, as follows: . ,
YEAS—Messis. Bayard, Breese, JJiKhanan, Dix, Djekin-
son, Fairfield, l«"iancis, Hnger, iinntington, Javnugin, Mer-
rick, Miller, Nilc«, Sturgeon, Ujiham, White, and Wood-
^ NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Athertou, B;ig-
by, Barrow, Benton, Choate, Clayton, Cohjnitt, Lvans,
Foster, Ilannegan, llawvood, Johnson, Lewis, Peaice,
Phelps, Porter," temple,"Sevier, Simmons, nnd Tappan
The question recurring on Mr. Simmons > amendnxnit,
Mr y. modified that amendment by leaving out the woids
hu them. < .
Mi. MERIUCK said tills brought lliequestion to ^hethei
the Senate would consent that inembe"- of(.o'U7n>ss should
retain the franking pnvilege as it now onis's, oi b t the sec-
tion stand, as reported by the Post Ofhce <-onunittee, bnv
itinff their fra'iks to fire covers each dady.tobe turni'hed
by the department during the sessions- ol Congress
Mr BENTON inquired of the chair what was the pend*
insr uuestion. , , ,
The CilAlTl stated it to be on the amendment proposed
by the senator from Rhode Ishmd. \\\y _Simvons,} wliieh
was again rend m connection with the Inst part ot thejth
sci tion as before t^iven
Mr BENTON'S imprftc^ion wns that the privilege should
lie limited as itou^mally was, under th« old law Ilisgeneia
idea as that, dining Uu: m ss;o:is oi t'ongn ss. tn< ie should
be an unrestricted privilege oi (oiiuunniciitjon bctueen
representatives and their constrturnt",, and tliat the jntei-
chaiisre of these communications should he a* (j ee and con-
stant as possible It abo desiralde. that the rept^ei.C
alive should be at full liberty, not only M/.na.
own ?peeches five to his constituent^ but that b(
should so transmit to them ail tlu pvn>t<nl matto
which he receives, if he so de.-ires, whether document-!,
pamphlets on general subjects, sen-id die or hbMai y
periodicals'; heeftus'e a v<v t amount of \iseful information is
disseminated by this rnisceHoneouo punted rna'.er lie
had, himself, often been indebted to the.e pnblicahons, sent
to him gratuitously by the printers, for valuable information,
such as be felt pleasure in communicating to his constitu-
ents It was lor mnny reason^ such as these that tic mu
not desire to see aiv resti ictions on the franking privilege
(luring thi' so«ions of ( onSrr^ It n as not the f-.-rrisi' ot
the risht while Comjresi ojUins; tint l.roiinht the [t.inl.-
iu^ pririle"'e into disrepute, hut the ahiise of it 'lnnns: the.
v .entionf, in loailin? the mails with vast .|iiantities o. print-
ed nutter. not only lroni this ,-,ty. but from every StMe
This was felt to be j preat erievanee, ana was the ertat
souree of complaint among the people. Hp hod never hoard
a murmur about the use made of the privilege m wi.dni„
printed matter to their eon^ituents by members ol OnS"'".*
durino- the sittings ol Congress, nor vms there imy com-
plaint made of the use of the privilege in their correspon-
dence lie would make the distinction between the e
sions of Congress and the vacations. During each session
let the privilege bo quite liberal, AAcr that, from the termi-
nation of one session to the beginning of another, let it be
confined to the ordinary correspondence by letter.
Mr. MERRICK suggested to the senator that he might
attain his object by letting tho Oth section be struck out,
and then by inserting Iwo words in the 8th section, which
is the part ol tho bill that allows members of Congress to
leoeivc loltera five of postage. By iuseitiug before tho
word "receive," the two words "send and," the senator's
object would be attained.
Mr BENTON said that, to fulfil hi-j idea, the interchange
of written communications should bo free from the end of
one session to the beginning of the other, as well as during
each session. He hoped fhe chairman of the Post Office
Committee, who had bestowed so much labor on perfecting
the hill,andwho manifested so much praiseworthy -zeal in
getting it through—and the object oi cheap postage wan
one lu* much desired to see accomplished—would yield to
thecfeneral wish, and'himself mako some proposition of
amendment to retain the frankin? privilege. He (Mr. B.)
would rattier it came from the chairman of tho committee
than from himself, it was due to him that he should perfect
tho bill wjtli which lie had taken so much pains.
Mr. SIMMONS had no objection whatever that the chair-
man of the c.ommittoe should take the matter jn hand, and
amend the hill vo us to ell'oct the ob.joct which it was evi-
dent so many senators were in favor of.
The question was taken on .Mr. Simmon4.\ amendment,
and decided in the neg.Uhe— yea* 18, na} s 22, as follows:
YKAS-~i\lospr*. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Bagby, Bar-
row, Benton, Berrien, Ohoate, Clayton, ( olquitt, K,vans,
Ko.-der, Hay wood, Lewis, Phelps, Poiter, Sevier, Simmons,
and Tappan—1H
NAY!?--Messrs. Atherton, Bayard, F.rocse, Buchanan,
Div, Dayton, Dickinson, Fairfield, Francis, Ilannegan,
Uugcr, Huniinqton, Jnrnagin, Johnson, Mcirtck, Miller,
Niles, I'earce, Sturgeon, Upham, White, and Woodbury
— ii.
The question next recurred on concurring with the com-
mittee of the whole m striking out the 9th section; and, on
that que?rion,
Mi. UlifOUANAN called (or the yeas and nays, which
weie ordered.
The vote was then taken, and resulted—jcas 35, nays 2,
as follows:
YKAS -Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atherton, Bagby, Bar-
row, Benton, Uemen, Brecse, Buchanan, Choat«*, t Jayton,
Dix, Da) ton, Dickinson, Kaistield, Foster, Itwnnegan, liny-
wood, linger, Huntington, Jaruagm, Johnson, Lewis, Miller
Ndes, Fe-Avoe, S«wi>le*, s>evior, Simmons, Sturgeon, Tappan,
I'phiim, A\'liite, and Woodbury -US.
NAYS— Messrs Meriickand Phelps--Q.
So the !Hh .section was stricken out.
Tlie t Li A! l\ announced that the next Question wns on
concunintfuith the committee in the amendments to the
10th seeuon.
Mr MKM11ICIC tUted that the amendments made in com-
mittee ol the wholelo the Ifith and succedmi* sections, on
motion of the senator fiom Connecticut. [Mr. IIi^TiNmoN,]
had one, object mview, which \\a« to except fiom the
prohibitions of the bill, in regard to private expresses,
newspapers, pamphlets, magazines, and periodicals. If
these amt ndim-nts weie concurred in by the Senate, the ef-
fect would be to le.ive wnle open the door to those very
iinuK winch had so much impaired the revenues of the de-
paitment it would be. in fact, to legalize those very ex-
which could then be carred on under the pretext of
agencies for carrying and distributing those periodicals,
lie hoped the Senate would not concur with the committee
of the whole in thefe nioendments.
Mr. HUNTINGTON hoped the Senate would concur in
tho<;e amendments which had been adopted, after much
discussion, by a veiy lnrge majority jn|the committee of the
whole No such eilect could result from tho light of trans-
mitting1 news-jiojier and penodicals whate\ cr way the pub-
lishers preliured, as that MippoM'd by the senator from
M.uylaiul Whextds, if this light was not preserved, the
effect would be to bre.ik doun Die country newspapers
and the periodicals which owed their ciiruliUion to the
f.Kl, that thej were left at the doors of snbsciibei'?,
without the necessity and trouble ol being sent
lor to distant post oflW-s. lie showed the griev-
ance that would result Irom leaving publishers
oi newspaper* in ejfies JiKe New York, Boston, Cincinnati,
and othei lartfe towns, liable to the penalties of this act lor
every publication they sent bj their regular carriers and
ofcwts, rnoiely across a uvei, to be delneicd to subscri-
bpi'sjor instance, from New "Voik to Brooklyn, and Irom
Cinr'nnuitti to < ovington, where only ferries, that might he
pa^'ed m five minutes, intervened
Mr MMtUH'K iri'-b-teil that in snch cn-sc? no application
of these penalties could occur, 't he muling of such pubh-
Critions would cojnn undei the piovisionol the bill which
allowed «-p« cial ogvnts to can} mailable matter.
Mt A LLI'.S' <«iid tint this section, jf be understood it, a«?-
stuned that this govei mnent held absolute power over the
transmission of, not onlv letter", but punted matter- andpei-
h.)ps tho power to reguittle the manner in whi^h that matter
should lie circulated among the people That was the as-
sumption upon which this section rested. He should not
undertake to say positively, upon a gtent fjuestion of tbil
rort, win ih<T Uie foundation lbr this assumption wac true
or not, but having doubts in bis mind upon that subject, he
should «oho those doubts for the people, mnl 111 favor oi.the
largest lilxnty; which he believed to he the proj>er mode of
solving all ."ucli doubt'-' It was \ery easy to see that, if
the b'nifed St.iles bad a light and absolute control
oviv the printed mallet of the conntiy. and there-
fore absolute power to make it circulate through
om channel, they likewise had a light to say how nimh
should cuculat'i tlnongh that channel, and consequently
h-id tho entire controfovei the preia of tho lrmtod Slates.
Th vt war the cnn''cf|uence. It ( ongiess could prohibit the
eiiitors of ncwsp<<]>ers from circulating their journals ex-
cept through the public mail, so ( ongress could piohibit
them from circulating more than a given number of their
journals or circulating thetn upon particular roads--anu
thus put the entire business under the administration of the
Congress of the United States. This involved a very great
and serious difficulty in his mind. He had heard ol a re?o-
