CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
Mr. SAMPLE offered the following as an additional sec-
tion to the bill, which he advocated at some length:
That the Secretary of War is hereby authorized to adopt
such equitable rule as he may deem just and proper for the
payment of the debts ofthe united bands ofChippeway, Otta-
way, and Pottowattamie Indians as ascertained and iixed by
Gen. Wm. B. Mitchell, under the direction of the War De-
partment in 1840, and whose report was approved by the
SKid department. And the said Secretary is hereby au-
thorized to establish such rule without regard to the order
for that purpose heretofore established by the late Secretary
of War, John C. Spencer. Said debts to be paid out of the
annuities ol the Indians
Mr. JAMESON thought they had spent already too much
time on this bill. He would therefore move that the com-
mittee rise, in order to offer a lesolution to terminate this
debate in twenty minutes; but, at request, he declined for
the time to press the motion.
Mr. McKAJ? hoped that the amendment would not be
adopted.
Mr. HUGHES, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, ox-
plained the action of that committee, and their adverse
opinion to such a provision as contained in the amend-
ment.
Mr. McKAY further opposed the amendment.
Some further conversational argument ensued between
Messrs. VANL£, McKAY, and SAMPLE.
The question was taken, and the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON ottered an amendment directing
the Secretary of War to settle and pay out of anv money
not otherwise appropriated, the expenses incurred in the
partition oflands of the Stockbridge Indians, under the act
of3dof March, 184!), on the *atne principle as similar set-
tlements and payments oi the Biothertown Indians, under
the act of March, 1839.
After a remark or two by Mr. J. in support oi the amend-
ment,
The question was taken, and the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved to lay aside this bill, to take
up a bill which he named, but which the reporter could
not hear.
Mr. GIDDINGS took the floor, and spoke against the bill,
mainly on the ground of certain objectionable items therein
contained; reviewing also the history of our past, andexam-
mg the features ofour present Indian policy.
One of his objections was that appropriations were made
for objects which the countxy did not generally understand.
From the foundation of the government of the United States.
Congress has uniformily refused to pay for any slaves of
southern gentlemen, and consequently the claimants for
slaves, have left Congress in disgust, and gone to the ex-
ecutive departments, who have paid them. Many gentle-
men here were not aware of the principles on which the
government had steadily and umiormily refused to make
compensation for slave property. He referred to the case
case of Francis Large, who had a negro, and a horse and
cart impressed a day or two before the battle of. New Or-
leans. The horse and negro were killed, and the cart de-
stroyed; and \vhen2the claim came before Congress, com-
pensation was allowed for the horse and cart, but Con-
gress refused to pay for the negro, on the ground that com-
penration ougt not to be made lor persons. Notwithstand-
ing, the executive power had usurped the legislative func-
tions of the government, and in paying for slave property,
had brought this government to support the immoral and
detestable institution of slavery. Mr. G. then went on to
explain the treaty under which Indians arc compelled to
jn y for properly stolen by them; and w ent into a statcmt nt
in relation to claims that had been made on the Creek In-
dians by the slaveholders of Georgia for negroes that had
runaway. and been retained bj such Indians for which"they
v. ere made to pay moio than three or four times the value,
the money having been deducted out of their annuities,
lie also stated that the slaveholders of Georgia, not sat-
isfied <a ltli this, claimed £14?>,000, which w as m the hands of
thy government, belonging to the Indians, and it committee
oi this Hou.se, a majority of whom were slaveholder,
made a report containing the monstrous proposition that
this $149,000 should be appropriated to those slaveholders
of Georgia, as a compensation for the value of the child-
ren that w^uld have been born of their runaway negro
women, had'they remained in slavery.
This proposition was so moostrous that it w as not adopt-
ed by the House. Now, it w ould be asked what had oil this
to do with the bill befo..e the committee. Why, a number
of negroes who ran away in f lorida, and iled to the Semi-
nole bands, intermarried with thpve Indians, and many of
the chiefs had negro wives and negro children. Now, w hen
the Florida Indians w ere subdued, and were about to be re-
moved from that Territory, they refused to go into the dis-
trict allotted to the Creeks, because they demanded that
they should surrender up their negto wives and children to
them, on the ground that they hadbeen, prior to this., com-
pelled to pay for runaway negroes three or four tiroes as
much as tney ought to have paid. It was to these points he
had called the attention of the committee, and he wished to
call the attention of the country. He desired to call the at-
tention of the executive department, and the people, to the
fact that legislative functions had been usurped by the ex-
ecutive witmn'the past few years in a manner never be-
fore known in the country.
Mr BLACK desired to "say a few words, not in reply to
the gentleman from Ohio, because he did not consider it ne-
cessary to reply to him. That gentleman had been used up,
and kicked about in every corner of the House too often for
him to think it worth while to notice him. The course of
that member had been such that, if the colony of Monrovia
was one of the appendages of the government, and he was
President of the L nited States, he would send hirn there; for
he did not know o. man m the United States that would be
better fitted for tho society there. The speech of the mem-
ber was an old song that he had often sung before, and al-
ways sung the worse every time he repeated it. He re-
membered. four years ago when the member stood m
sleepy hollow there, and delivered the same speech,
but it was a much better speech then than now,
because it was new. Did not the gentleman remem-
ter how he replied to him, and told him that slavery was
no evil, and that the people of Georgia did^ not consider it
as an evil"? He would tell him now that they did not con-
sider it an evil Did the gentleman contradict him? If the
gentleman thought that the people of Georgia, or a single
solitary district of Georgia, thought slavery an evil, ne
would yield him the floor to enable him to say so and give
his authority lor it.
Mr. GIDDINGS rose and said: Have I the floor, Mr.
Chairman ?
Mr. BLACK I yield the gentleman the floor for that
purpose only—toi-eply tomv question.
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 have the floor, I believe.
Mi. BLACK. To reply to that question only. Iretain-
the tloor, so that I can answer him.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I intend to reply at length. Mr. G.
then made a few remarks, which the reporter did not dis-
tinctly hear, when
Mr. BLACK rose and said he had yielded the floor to the
gentleman to ansv, er one single question. He had told him
that the people of Georgia did not regard slavery as an evil,
and that he would yield him the floor to deny it if he
thought proper. For no other purpose would he vield him
the floor
Mr. GIDDINGS would say, with all due deference to the
House, that he did not think it incumbent on him to answer
the low, dirty, and vulsrar tiiade of abuse that had been
heaped on him by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Black ]
This was not a place for statesmen to indulge in or reply to
such language. He came not here—the people he repre-
sented never sent him heie—for any such purpose; for,
whenthe\ s-ent their servants heie, they expected them to
speak on subject* interesting to them and to the nation.
Mr BL A.CK here called on the gentleman to answer his
question
Mr. GIDDINGS continued. The people cxpccted their
representatives to speak of the manner m which the money
drawn from their pockets had been paid over to the slave-
diivers of Ueoigia, without reference to the low and vul-
gar tirades of abuse that might be uttered on that floor.
Mr. BLACK again called on the gentleman to answer his
question
Mr. GIDDINGS continued. He said that, in consequence
of paying the slaveholders of Georgia for unborn children
that were never begotten, [laughter]—when the govern-
ment took from his constituents "theii money for this exe-
cr.iblo purpose, they expected that he, iheir representative,
should speak of it m the terms it deserved It was true that
he did, four j-ears ago, bring these facts to the notice of the
House: and how many of the reporters weie there who no-
ticed what he said'' How many members were there who
knew them' Had the press thundeied these astounding
facts in the ears of the people of the North? He thanked
his God that the time was coming when the prow would be
obliged to speak out on this subject The North was wa-
king up, and would. before lon , demand that this govern-
ment should no longer sanction the immoral ana inhuman
institution of slavery.
In reference to the gentleman's question he would say
that he had no idea that the people of his district should es-
timate the value of southern slaves, born or unborn, be-
gotten or unbegotten That was the gentleman's peculiar
business, and to him he would leave it But, (said Mr. G ,)
when he calls on us to pay for them, then it becomes the
dutv of every northern man to speak out. and to let the
countiy know thattiieir rights are thus trampled on. The
freemen of the North, w h:gs or democrats, when they find
themselves taxed, and their money taken fiom ihem to pay
for southern slaves, expected their representatives to raise
their voice against it.
Tic proceeded to jay that he and lus fuends did not inter-
fere with, nor encroach on the rights ol the people of the
South, and if the gentleman from Georgia could show
that it was their duty to interfere with the institution of
slavery, let him do so.
Mr. E.J. BLACK asked the gentleman from Ohio to an-
swer the question, and discuss the point which he had put
to him lie Imd spoken fifteen minutes without touching
the point, whether tin* people of Geoigiaor any poition of
them denounced slavery as an evil.
Mr. GIDDINGS said lie was not the representative of
Georgia.
Mr. E. J. BLACK then called the gentleman from Ohio to
order.
Mi GIDDINGS said he had the floor, and he would not
yield it until he bad exhausted his hour
Mr K J. BLACK said he had only yielded the floor for a
particular object, and if the member from Ohio did not in-
tend to touch upon that, he (Mr. B.) should claim the
floor
The CII-UUMAN stated the gentleman from Ohio had re-
fused to acccpt the floor, otherwise than umestncttd; and
to this the Chair understood that the gentleman from
Georgia assented.
A long conversation ensued, and various appeals were
taken, and ultimately the decision of the Chair was re-
versed, and the floor was restored to the gentleman from
Georgia.
Air! BLACK then resumed. He said it might be that he
was in error, w hen he undertook to speak to or of fhe mem-
ber from Ohio. The member from Ohio had complained
that he had been assailed in a low, dirty tirade.
He (\ir. BJ did not regret the language he had used to
that individual: he only regretted that there was occasion
or necessity to speak to, or of him, at all, on this floor. No
w ell bred man could .speak to, or of that individual, or even
look at him, without becoming low and dirty. He (Mr. B )
was sorry the occasion required him to repel the slanders of
the member from Ohio on the people that he (Mr. B.) repre-
sented in part. He regretted that the thousand and one
slanders of the member from Ohio against the people of
Georgia required that he should notice that member at all.
The member from Ohio talked about his character; and yet
how often had he stood there and told the mos>t marvellous
ftones about the oppression of the slaves'? But the other
day that person told an anecdote, on this floor, of a slave
who first attempted to cut his throat, and afterwards drown-
ed himself in yonder canal, from fear of being sold hy his
owner. Now he (Mr. B ) had made it his business to inves-
tigate this matter, and he had ascertained that it was false
from beginning to end. He had ascertained that the negro
fellow, for whom the gentleman had expressed so much
sympathy, so far from drowning himself underthe influence
of an apprehension of the renewed horrors of slavery, pre-
tended to cut his throat, but cutting only a small piece of
the flesh, which a surgeon sewed up again, he was sold,
and has now a master.
Mr, GIDDINGS. That is another case.
Mr. BLACK said it was the identical case, and the gen-
tleman had imposed upon the House m relation to it. That
negro was a "fellow of the worst character; he had frequent-
ly run away from master, stole everything he could lay his
hands upon, and was wholly unmanageable, That was a
specimen of the negroes for whom the sympathies of the
member from Ohio were excited, and whom ne selected as
examples of the horrors ol slavery. Why, did the member
from Ohio not recollect that he had been" charged with
going upon the common here, and putting in a claim to a
wagon that was used for stealing negroes—which had
been used clandestinely for that purpose i The man whose
wagon it was, was named Torrey, a worthy associate,and.
co-mate, and co-laborer of the member from Ohio—-a man
who was now in the Maryland penitentiary. If he were
permitted by the rules of the House, he would say the mem-
ber from Ohio ought to be along with him [Laughter ]
He knew if such a thing could be put to the vote ol this
House, that he would be keeping company with the Rev.
Mr. Torrcy. But the member from Ohio talked about his
character! Now he asked that member if he had not folded
up a calico frock, and sent it under frank through.the post
oflice as a public document The member from Ohio talked
of "garments dyed with blood." and that had reminded him
(Mr. B.) of this calico garment. And how was that -dyed?
It had the dye of fraud upon this government upon it, and
the member from Ohio after that should not come here and
talk about morality.
The honorable gentleman made some further remarks, in
wkich he told the member from Ohio to go home to his peo-
ple to ascertain if he had any character there; for before
God and the country, he (Mr. B ) declared that he had none
here.
Mr. McDOWELL inquired if all this was in order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Oh, it is very interesting indeed.
Mr BURT entreatedjiis friend from Georgia not to pusli
this matter further.
Mr. BLACK lesumed. lie had no more to say on that
point. He regretted, as much as the gentleman from South
Carolina could do, that he had bean led to refer to the mem-
berfiomOhio. Since 1839, year after year had the gentle-
man from Ohio indulged in slander on the people he (Mr.
B ) represented, and had said that they were slave dealers,
and men who had no regard for morality or humanity. Day
after day did southern men sit there and cower under the
assaults—the mendacious assaults, of northern members.
He spoke not of the member from Ohio alone, but oi mem-
bers who presented abolition petitions on tins floor, which,
if they were carried to Georgia or South Carolina, and read
to meetings there, it would be worth the life of the man
who dared to slander thus the people there. When suoit
assaults were committed, should he sit -silently and take
what his people would not take'' Civility to these people
was but "throwing pearls belore swine;" the only way was
to pay them back in their own coin He remembered, in
1839, the member had charged the whole people of Georgia
with having instigated the Florida war by a theft on the
Florida Indians. He (Mr. B ) had felt it incumbent on him
at that time, umid a atuwn of order, to vindicate his people,
and give the lie direct to the gentleman from Onio His peo-
ple at home would have done it, and would ha\e even gone
further—to the extent, as he had then told the member, of
inflicting the Lynch law upon him. There was not a mem-
ber from the South or southwest on this floor, who, if the
member from Ohio were to walk up to him on the avenue,
and read him a paper as personal us pine-tenths of the abo-
lition petitions presented here, would not knock him down in
Ins tracks; and he (Mr. B.) would not surrender his natural
n hts here, by relrainu-g to repel such slanders upon the
honor of his constituents.
The gentleman had objected to the bill, and contended
that a portion of the money due should be detained from
the Indians for the slaves that ihey had^stolen away. Thus
(Mr B argued) the c^entlem^n himself would encourage
the Indians m these thefts. It was such a case as was maae
out for Rev Mr. Fairbanks and Miss Delia Webster in Ken-
tucky, on which case Mr B. commented. This Delia Web-
ster, Mr. Torrey, Mr. Walker, and others, were in the peni-
tentiary; and when the member from Ohio was returned to
the twenty-ninth Congress, no doubt that the young mem-
bers would be regaled by many sad and doleful jeremiads
upon the fate of these martyrs to the cause of human liber-
ty! The gentleman'*, character, and the staleness of these
charges, should be exposed to them.
Mi. B, having concluded,
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, after several points of or-
der, the committee rose and reported progress.
On motion of Mr*. McKAY, & resolution was adopted to
terminate all debate in committee on this bill in twenty
minutes after it should again be taken up m Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House again resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. C. SMITH moved that the House adjourn.
The yeas and nays wore asked and ordered, and being ta-
ken, resulted—yeas 73, nays 89.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House again resolved it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
—Mr Vixi on in the chair—and resumed the consideration
of the above bill.
Me. McKAY explained that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. GiDr>i>"os] was under very great misapprehension con-
cerning this bill. The item fro# the Commissioner In-
dian Affairs for the purchase of negroes, and • for important
services rendered," did not come into the ordinary appropri-
ation bills. In February, ISil, Congress, at the instance of
northern gentlemen—he believed a distinguished gentle-
man from Vermont—appropriated $100,000 for 'he removal
subsistence, and benefit of such Seminole Indians as should
surrender,for emigration. Th<=> construction put upon that
act, in March, 1841, under the administration of Gen Harri.
son. admitted a very broad discretion in regard to it Mr
Bell, Secretary of War, a few days after, issued instructions
