f " 4.. .< . ; i V;„
256
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
to Col. Worth, commanding officer in Florida, in regard to
these negroes, who had run away from their masters in
b londa, that they might pay their owners for them. There
were a number of these slaves (say about nine) that
had run away from their masters, and went to the Semmoles.
i hey, the Semmoles, refused to come in, and enter into the
treaty, unless, a stipulation was entered into by General
Worth th^at -these slaves should accompany them when
they were removed.
-Mr. GIDDINGS said he was satisfied with the gentleman's
.explanation In the ordinary discharge of his duties as a
representative on that floor, he assured the committee that
while he did not claim to be above any member there, he
did not admit himsels to be inferior to any oue. His people
were an independent people, and their representative was
as much entitled to respect as any other member on this
floor.
So far as regarded character and standing, he would say
that it was for his constituents to judge if he was u orlhy
to represent them. If they should thrust him aside as un-
worthy to iepres.eut them, he would have nothing more to
say, If his course on that floor had been such as to meet
the condemnation of his constituents, and to cause them to
thrust him aside, he should hide his head with shame. The
gentleman from Georgia would make his own application of
this remark. Coming here, condemned as he was by the
people he represented, saying that he was unworthy to rep-
resent them any longer, and then to talk about character!
The gentleman talked about knocking him down. Bid lie
think the.pcople he represented would send a coward here?
One gentleman had once drawn a Bowie knife on him, and
others had used menacing and insulting language toward1?
him. Did gentlemen think to brave the lreemen of the North
because we are modest and unassuming, and disapprove of
fighting duels? Did the gentleman talk about knocking him
down, because he dared to do his duty on.that floor? [Heie
Mr. Black, who was in the aisle immediately behind Miv
G , made some remark about knocking down which the re-
porter did not hear.] IVIr. G. continued, lie had never seen
an infernal coward that did not talk loud 
[Mr. Black was here observed rushing into the bar to-
wards Mr. G., with a" cane upraised, but was seized and
withheld from entering the bar by Mr. IIammett and other
southern gentlemen. There was much noise and confusion
at this time, with frequent dallfe to order. When the uproar
subsided—]
Mr SEYMOUR moved that the committee rise,
The CHAIR said that the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Gid-
DivGsj was entitled to the floor.
Mr. McKAY hoped the gentleman from Ohio would not
indulge in any more personal allusions.
Mr. GIDDINGS continued. As regarded the anecdote he
told the other day of the slave who drowned herself m the
canal, he had it from the best authority—one of the purest
and best of men, whose word was universally believed. As
regarded the franking story, he declared, before God,that the
infamous falsehood originated m this hall, and was> repeated
here. It never was heard of before it was repeated on that
flooT. As regarded the wagon story, he contradicted that
infamous falehood last year, when it was put forth in that
House. He challenged all cieation to show that he ever
had any knowledge of that falsehood till he was charged
with it by a gentleman on that floor.
He had no more to say in reply to say in reply to the
assaults of the gentleman from Georgia. They were worthy
of the source from whence they came. It was a new era
in the history of legislation, when assaults such as this
were permitted on that floor. He blushed, and felt hum-
bled for his country and the character of her statesmen,
when such scenes were permitted to occur. Did any
man pretend to say that the facts he had stated, and every
■word he had put forth, was not dictated by sincerity of
heart, and could not be proved by the records of the gov-
ernment? When he saw the manner in which the money
drawn from the pockets of his constituents was expended,
he felt it to be his duty to speak out, and expose it to the
indignation of the world.
Mr. LEVY obtained the floor; but yielded it to—
Mr. BLACK, who said he regretted very much that the
slang and obloquy that fell on, his ears from the member
from Ohio, not long ago, should so iar have operated on
him on him as to have put his feelings beyond his own
control. He would only now say, that whenever a gentle-
man should think proper to use such language in reference
to him, he should be found to conduct himself in a manner
that would redound to his own credit, and meet the appro-
bation of his constituents. Those who heard him, could
understand him, and those who did not appreciate his mo-
tives could try him.
Mr. LEVY made some remarks in-explanation of the ap-
propriations that had been made for the Florida Indians; but
he was not heard sufficiently to be correctly reported.
Mr. McKAY moved that the committee rise and report
the bill; which motion was carried.
The committee rose and reported the bill to the House
with several amendments.
Mr DILLINGHAM then obtained leave, and moved a re-
consideration of the vote yesterday, laying the graduation
land bill on the table; and the further consideration of that
motion was postponed to Monday next.
Mr McKAY called for the previous question.
Mr. VANCE asked the gentleman to withdraw the call
for the previous question to enable him to submit the amend-
ment of his colleague, [Mr. Schf.nck,] in relation to the Wy-
andott improvements, to the House.
Mr. McKAY declined.
The previous question being seconded,
Mr VANCE called for the yeas and nays on ordering the
main question, which were ordered; and that question was
taken and decided in the affinitive--} eas 103, nays 44.
The amendments were then concurred in; the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, and it was read a
third time, and passed.
Mr. JAMESON desired to report some bills from the Com-
mittee on Territories. ,
Mr. HUDSON moved an adjournment; which was agreed
to. „ ,
The House then adjournfed.
The following notices of petitions, presented to-day,
were handed to the reporters by the members piusciitiug
them:
By Mr. 1.1C. MOUSIC: The petition of Charles Cappel of
Maiksville, Louisiana, praying for a confirmation to a tract
of land: refeiredto the Committee on Private Land Claims.
By Mr. SC1IENCK: The petition of Mathias Gish, and
223 othei citizens ol Montgomeiy county, Ohio, praying
lor an appropriation to complete the Oumbeiland lload: re-
feired to the Committee on lioads and Canals.
By Mr. A. P. STONK: The memorial ol James Russell
and 39 oiher citkens ot the State of Ohio, praying Congress
to furnish said Russell with the means to construct a nation-
al planetarium at Washington.
By Mr II. DODGE: The petition of 141 citizens of the
Territory of Wisconsin, asking Congress foi the establish-
ment of a mail-route commencing at Piaiiieville, via Uen-
nosee, ilagle, Whitewater, Fort Atkinson, Shell's Lake,
Mayliews, and Cottage Grove, to Madison, the seat ol gov-
ernment in said Territory: referred to the Committee on
the Post Oflice and Post ltoads.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 7, 1845.
3Vh. Mc-Duffie resumed his scat to tiny.
The PRESIDENT pro tern. laid before the Senate
a message from the President, communicating, in
compliane with a resolution of the Senate of the 5th
of December last, a copy of the proceedings in the
case of inquiry into the official conduct of Silas
Reed, the surveyor general of Illinois and Missouri,
and certain information in relation thereto.
Also a message from the President of the United
States, communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of 10th December last, a report
from the Secretary of State, transmitting further
correspondence touching the relations between tiic
United States and the republic of Mexico.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, ordered to be
printed.
Also laid before the Senate a communication from
the Treasury Department, transmitting, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate of the 18th of
April, 1814, information in relation to the expedien-
cy of a new collection district, with a port of entry
at the Cedar Keys, and exhibiting the amount of
the revenue acciumg in the district of St. Marks,
and the expenses of collection, annually, from 1H40
to 1844.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, it was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BUCHANAN piexented ifmemoiial from a
number of citizens of Delaware county, Pennsylva-
nia, representing that they arc opposed to the an-
nexation of Texas, and to the extension of slavery:
ordered to lie on the table.
Also presented a memorial from a number of citi-
zens of the county of Mercer, Pennsylvania, asking
that the laws of Maryland and Virginia, now in op-
eration in the District of Columbia, so farasthcy
countenance and enforce the institution of slavery, be
repealed; and that slavery be abolished in the Terri-
tory of Florida; and that every attempt to annex
Texas to the United States be resisted.
The question of reception being raised, on motion,
it was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a memorial from the citizens ol the Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
the passage of any act of Congress for the annexation
of Texas to the United States: ordered to lie on the
table.
Also presented a memorial from Iienry Butler,
asking that Congress may set apait a portion of the
Territory of Oregon, for the purpose of colonizing
the black population of Pennsylvania therein: or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a memorial of a
number of citizens of the Territory of Iowa, pray-
ing that the Congress of the United States will grant
a portion of their land for the purpose of enabling
the people to improve the navigation of the Des
Moines river in that Ten Jtory: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
Also presented a petition from A. H  Triplett
and others, of Daviess county, Kentucky, praying
for a reduction of the rates of postage, and die abo-
lion of the franking privilege: ordered to lie on the
table. _
Also presented resolutions of the legislature ot
Kentucky, giving the consent of that State to the
United States, for the purchase and holding of land
at or near Louisville, and at Paducah, Kentucky;
and instructing the senators, and requesting the
representatives fiom that State, to use their exer-
tions to procure the passage of a law making an ap-
propriation of money to erect hospitals on said land,
for which object the purchase was made: read, re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed. , . __
Mr. LEWIS presented a petition from Nancy
Colimcr, the widow of the late Greo. Co'ltmer, pay-
ing for the passage of a law authorizing her to bring
into the United States, from Texas, certain slaves;
referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. PORTER presented resolutions of the legis-
lature of Michigan, instructing the senators and re-
questing the representatives from that State to use
tneir influence to procure the passage of a law giv-
ing that Suite the right to sell and convey the suit-
spring lands, to make them available for the pur-
pose of the grant: referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. BREESE presented a petition from Joseph
Norman and other residents of township 32, pray-
ing that they may be allowed to relinquish the 16th
section, set apart for school purposes, and to enter
section 30, in soul township, in lieu thereof.
Mr. ARCHER presented a petition from differ-
ent parts of the county of Lancaster, Pennsylvania,
asking for reform in the naturalization laws: refer-
red to the Judiciary Committee.
OREGON BILL.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the sclcct committee to
which was referred the bill from the House to or-
ganize a territorial government in the Territory of
Oregon, and for other purposes, reported the same
back with an amendment.
On motion by Mr. WOODDIJJDGE, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files the petition of
Aaron Weeks and Nahum Ward.
THE VOTE FOE PRESIDENT AND VICE PRES-
IDENT.
Mr. WALKER, from the committee appointed
on the part of the Senate to join such commiu.ce as
might lie appointed on the part of the House of
Representatives, to ascertain and report a mode of
examining the votes for President and Vicc President
of the United States, and of informing the persons
elected of their election, reported in part the follow-
ing resolution:
Krsolrctl, That the two Mouses will assemble in the
chamber ol the iloif-eoi lbprcsoidotives, on Wednesday,
the KHh day el' Februnr) , 1^1<>, ut 1*2 o'clock, that one pei-
sonbe appointed telleron the pait of the Senate, and two
peitsousbe appointed tellers on the pait of the House, to
make a list ol the \otes lor Pie.sident and Vice President of
the United States, us they shall be declared, that the Jesuit
be deliveied to the 1'iesjdent of the Senate, who will an-
nounce to the two Houses assembled as aioiesaid, the state
ottho vote, and the person or poi:>on-> elected, if it ahull ap-
pear that a choice h ith been nude, agieeably to the consti-
tution of the United State*, which annuneiation shall be
iceen ed a sulHeicnt declaration of the fieison or peivms
eleelcd,and that the said proceedings to^'thei^vith a ILtot
the voted, be entered on the journals oi the two 'House*.
The Senate, having considered the resolution,
concurred therein.
It was then ordered that Mr. Walker be the tel-
ler on the part oftlie Senate.
On motion by Mr. IIANNEGAN, the previous
orders of the day were postponed, and the joint res-
olution fur the relief ol Seth M. Leavenworth was
taken up for consideration as in committee of the
whole.
The joint resolution authorizes the Postmaster
General to ascertain, and to pay Seth M. Lcuvcu-
venworth, the amount of damages sustained by him
as contractor for carrying the United States mall, in
consequence of the transfer of his contract to ano-
ther.
After a few remaiks by Mr. JARNAGIN, in op-
position to the bill, and by Mr. NILES explana-
tory of it, it was, on motion of Mr. HANNEG'AN,
ordered to lie on the table.
The joint resolution to suspend a part of the third
section of the joint resolution of the I lth Septem-
ber, 1841, relating to armories, so us to enable the
work on the naval depot at Memphis, Tennessee, to
progress, was read the third time, and passed.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Johnson yesterday, was taken up for considciation,
viz:
Kisofi'eii, That there hi: lurilislied, for the use o( the Sen-
ate, tht; further number of copies of the map of Tex-
as, wliiell has been engraved tor the Senate, provided they
be furnnhed at a price not exccedmg that at which the ad-
ditional copies heretofore oideied were limited.
Mr. JOHNSON remarked that he had had a vast
number of applications foracopyof this map. it
was a document very much sought after, in the
South especially. He did not receive a letter which
did not contain a request for a copy. He therefore
would move to fill the blank with 15,000 copies.
Mr. TAPPAN suggested that 5,000 copies would
be sufficient.
Mr. SEVIER inquired what would be the ex-
pense per copy.
