CONGRESSIONAL 6LOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1845.
Volume 14....No. 17.
[Continued from No. 16 ]
Mr. ASHLEY remarked that he introduced the
former resolution on the subjectof printing this map.
He believed that resolution provided that the ex-
pense should not exceed 12 cents per copy.
Mr. TAPPAN said he would like it better if the
map showed more correctly the boundaries of Tex-
as—that is, Texas as she was when a State of
Mexico, and before she acquired her independence.
He hoped the resolution would be so amended as to
require that the boundaries of ancient Texas should
be well defined on the map. Tie then went on to
state what were the true boundaries.
The question was then taken on filling the blank
with 15,000 copies, and decided in the negative—
ayes 14, noes 18.
Mr. JOHNSON moved 10,000 copies; which mo-
tion was agreed to—ayes 19, noes not counted.
The resolution, as amended, was then agreed to
On motion by Mr. PORTER, it was
Rcsohcd, Tliat tlie Secietaiy of War be directed to sent!
to tiie Senate any communication or report recently re-
ceived at the department from George W. Cunningham,
late mineral agent, containing information relative to the
copper mineral region of Lake Superior.
The PRESIDENT pro lem. laid before the Sen-
ate a copy of the report from the engineer's depart-
ment on the military defences of the country;
which was nrdo.ied to be printed.
Also, a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 4th instant, information
concerning the nature of the employment of Duff
Green m Texas; which was, on motion of Mr.
ARCH EE., ordered to be printed.
Also, a report from the War Department, show-
ing the contracts heretofore made for the removal of
the Choctaw Indians; which, on motion by Mr.
JARNAGIN, was ordered to lie on ihe table and
be printed.
The bill from the House making appropriation
for the support of the Indian Department, was read
twice and referred to the Committee on Indian
Allans.
Several other bills from the House were read
twice and appropriately leferred.
The bill to quiet the title of certain lots in the
town of Pcrrysburg and Croghansville, Ohio, hav-
ing been returned from the House with an amend-
ment, was ordered to lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. JVIOREHEAD, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files the petition of
Martha Lemon.
Mr. WHITE presented joint resolutions of the
legislature of Indiana, instructing the senators and
requesting the representatives from that State to
procure the passage of a law making a grant of
land for the purpose of completing certain roads in
the county of Brown, in that State; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
POST-OFFICE BILL.
The general orders having been announced, the
unfinished business of yesterday was resumed, being
the further consideration of the bill to reduce the
rates of postage, to limit the use and correct the
abuse of the (ranking privilege, and for the pieven-
tion of frauds on the revenues of the Post Office
Department.
The CHAIR stated the pending question to be on
concurring with the committee of the whole on the
adoption of the amendment, which was, on motion
of the senator from Connectisut, [Mr. Ntles,] added
to the bill as additional section, providing for the
classification of the railroads by which the mail is
sent, and limiting the contracts to be made with the
proprietors by the Postmaster General, to §200 per
mile tor the first class, $100 per mile for the second,
and sjoO per mile for the third class of railroads.
Mr. HUGER moved to amend that section by
striking out the words "two hundred dollars" for
the first class, and inserting "the sum now allowed by
law." Ho explained that'the railroad company
Wiiicii carried the mail now between Vv'ekion and
Wilmington, on the southern route, had ascertained
that it could not be done for $225 per mile, and
wished to give it up; but the Postmaster General did
not conceive he was at liberty to let them off from the
contract, and they were now carrying the mail at a
loss to themselves. The effect of his amendment
w ould be to leave it in the power of the Postmaster
General to increase the sum—not to exceed $300
per mile—allowed as the maximum under the exist-
ing law.
Mr. NlLES opposed the amendment. The sen-
ator from South Carolina would gain nothing by
this motion. The existing law allows only 25 per
cent, over the expense of carrying the mail by stage
route; and in no instance was there anything like
$200 per mile paid to stage contractors. There was
no definite law allowing $300 per mile for one mail
daily on any railroad line.
Mr. HUGER quoted the existing law, which
reads, "net exceeding $300 per mile on any railroad
route for the conveyance of one or more mails daily
by said route."
Mr. NlLES contended that the department had
uniformly construed that law to apply to more than
one mail daily. It never was acted upon in refer-
ence to a single daily mail.
Mr. HUGER insisted that the words of the act
were explicit, and showed that the true construc-
tion was to apply it to one mail daily if the Post-
master General found it necessary to do so, or to
more than one.
After some discussion between Messrs. HUGER
and NlLES on this point, Mr. Huger's amendment
was adopted.
The amendment, as amended, was then concurred
in.
Mr. BAGBY now proposed to amend the bill in
the 8tli section, after the concluding word "mem-
ber," by inserting, "and they shall have the right
offranking their own letters during the whole year,
as now provided by law."
Mr. MERRICK explained that this was the sec-
tion which entitled members of Congress to receive
postage free, and the effect of the amendment would
be to allow them to send their own letters free du-
ring the whole year.
Mr. ATHERTON called for the yeas and nays
on this amendment, and they were ordered.
Mr. BENTON said it was only to permit mem-
bers to send written letters.
The question was then taken and resulted—yeas
22, nays 21, as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Bagby, Bar-
row, Bates, Benton, Berrien, Choate, Colquitt, Critten-
den, Evans, Foster, Ifannegan, Hay wood, Johnson, Phelps,
Porter. Semple, Sevier, Simmons, and Woodbridge—'22.
NAYS—Messrs. Atherton, Breese, Buchanan, Clayton,
Dix, Dayton, Dickinson, I<airlield, Fiancis, Henderson, Hu-
ger, Huntington, Jarnagin, Marigum, Merrick, Miller, Niles,
Pearce, Sturgeon, Upliam, and "Woodbury— 21.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. BAGBY moved to amend the same section
in the 8th line by inserting after the word "receive"
the words "and send."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. FOSTER advocated the further amendment
of the bill, so that either the franking privilege
would be restored to deputy postmasters whose
compensation did not amount to $50 a year, or that
the same compensation which they received during
the fiscal year 1844 should be made good to them in
future, flis object was to prevent the breaking up
of those small post offices whieh were so necessary
and indispensable in sparsely settled districts.
Mr. P. reduced his proposition to the form of an
amendment, to the effect, in substance, that when
the compensation of deputy postmasters shall fall
short of that which they received in 1844, not ex-
ceeding jj50, the difference shall be made good out of
the postage be receives, even if the deficiency amounts
to the whole postage he receives, but in any case not
to exceed his receipts.
The subject was further debated by Messrs. BU-
CHANAN, MERRICK, and SEVIER. _
Mr. JOHNSON concurred in the opinions ex-
pressed, that the privilege which had been taken from
the postmasters was more important than the
compensation which v, as ai'Iorded them in this
amendment. He would, therefore, piefer seeing it
restored to them. The franking privilege was a
great object to country postmasters, and a great in-
ducement to them to take the offices. He saw no ob-
jection in allowing them to frank their letters. He
would confine the privilege, however, to letters writ-
ten and received by themselves. This he would
prefer to the amendment offered by the senator from
Tennessee; but if it did not prevail, he would vote
for the amendment, as he did not desire that these
postmasters should perform their services entirely
without compensation.
Mr. FOSTER observed that that would accom-
plish every object which he had in view. He had
apprehended that there was such a repugnance to
the franking privilege in the Senate that there was
no possibility of any success with this proposition;
but he would be perfectly satisfied with it, and in-
deed prefer it to the amendment which he had of-
fered- himself. He was willing to allow to every
postmaster whose compensation did not exceed $25
a year, the franking privilege; and his reason was,
that, in order to keep up these offices, there must be
an inducement held out to the postmasters in the
shape of a compensation for their trouble in open-
ing and despatching the mails. Persons would
take the office when they enjoyed a privilege
which related to their own business. It was
a great object m passing this bill, to sustain these
country post offices in some form or other. They
must be sustained. He would vote for no bill which
would deprive the people of the benefits of these
establishments. He warned gentlemen, who
laughed at these things, 'that they would not be
quite so well pleased at the consequences, if they
should pass a bill which would fail to sustain these
post offices. In the thickly settled portions of the
country there were mails twice or three times a
a day, and never less than one. His friend from
Arkansas had said that the people in his part of the
country considered themselves very fortunate in
receiving mails once or twice a week. Well, would
you cut down these establishments in the sparsely
settled portions of the Union, and deprive the
people of the inestimable benefits in a so-
cial and moral point of view which re-
sult from the dissemination of knowledge and in-
formation amongst them? He would vote against
the bill in any form, unless it protected these coun-
try postoffices. He was ready and willing to go
more than half way in sustaining them, by meet-
ing their expenses; and if it was the desire of the
Senate to accomplish his object by any other amend-
ment than that proposed by himself, he would
gladly accept it. He thought it probable that the
chairman of the committee, from his range of knowl-
edge upon that subject, might be able to suggest a
plan; and he hoped that gentleman would introduce
some proposition of the kind. Without a provi-
sion in the bill, having a view to that object, he
would vote against it entirely.
Mr. MERRICK expressed his disapproval of the
proposition to allow these postmasters the franking
privilege as a mode of compensation, on the ground
of the uncertainty and difficulty attending a correct
knowledge of their actual receipts. How was it
possible to ascertain what he receives? Nobody
knew but the postmaster himself. Besides it could
not be expected thatevery postmaster throughout the
conntry could tell who was, and who was not en-
titled to the privilege. Suppose a postmaster in
some town in Maine should receive a letter franked
from one in Arkansas: how was he to know whether
that postmaster's receipts gave him a right to frank
letters? It was imppossible to get at the fact, and it
would of course be attended by great abuses. The
proposition therefore failed, and would not effect the
object for which it was designed. He proposed the
amendment offered by the senator from Tennessee;
and thought it would be as good a way of accom-
plishing the desired object as could be adopted.
The discussion of this point was further contin-
ued by Messrs. JOHNSON, NILES, FOS-
TER, MERRICK, BENTON, CRITTENDEN,
WHITE, and SIMMONS, during whieh various
modifications were suggested, approved, and re-
versed, till at last it was agreed to put the question
on the original proposition, on which
Mr. FOSTER demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
The vote was then taken, and resulted, yeas 18,
nays 27, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley, Bagliy, Bayard, Benton, Breese,
Colquitt, Crittenden, Foster, Huger, Johnson, Lewis, Man.
