£58
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
guifti Merrick, Morehe&d, Pearce, Hives, Simmons* and
Woodbridge—18;
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Atherton, Bates, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Dlx, Dayton, Dickinson, Evan?, Fan field,
t rancis, Hannegan, Haywood, Huntington, Miller, Niles,
Phelps,■ Porter, Semple, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tappan, Upham,
Walker, White, and "Woodbury—27.
So tjfc amendment was rejected.
Mr. POSTER now moved to amend the 6th sec-
tion, so that postmasters not receiving more than
$50 a year compensation shall be allowed to frank
their own letters. He could not support the bill,
nor would the public sanction it, if it broke up the
small post offices of the country.
Mr. MERRICK pointed out the impossibility of
passing such franks through the mail. How, he
asked, would a postmaster in Maine know whether
a postmaster in Tennessee, franking his letter, had
$50 a year compensation or not, or whether he was
entitled to frank or not? Besides, how was the
franking postmaster to know, till the end of the
year, whether he was entitled to frank or not?
Mr. FOSTER contended that he would be a
sworn officer, and could not exercise the privilege
wrongfully without violating his oath.
Mr. WHITE suggested that all postmasters
whose compensation did not exceed $200 should be
entitled to the privilege.
Mr. BENTON thought the simplest way would
be to authorize the Postmaster General to increase
the rate of compensation.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he would suggest to
his friend from Tennessee [Mr. Foster] whether
it would not be better, instead of conferring these
emoluments to the amount of §50 absolutely upon
the postmasters, as the amendment provided, to au-
thorize the Postmaster General to make an allow-
ance to them not exceeding that sum? He had no
doubt the Postmaster General could get many per-
sons to take the office for less than $50. There
were individuals who were glad to have those offices
where the emoluments did not amount to half the
sum. He knew of a case in the immediate neigh-
borhood of the charming city of Nashville. He
had occasion, 'ast summer, during a journey through
that neighborhood, to go to the post office called
•'White Streak," which was seven miles off. The
roads were very muddy, and he had considerable
difficulty in getting there. When got there
there was not a letter in the mail bags, and
there had not been one for a month.
It was late at night when he arrived at this place.
The postmaster had gone to bed, and refused to give
him any supper. He perceived that the mail bags
were not out of the wagons, and inquired about this
curious fact., '-Why, sir," said the man, "we don't
take the bags out at all. We don't even look into
them." It was so seldom they received anything in
them that they did not deem it worth while looking
into their mail bags! That was one of the Tennes-
see post offices. Now, he was entirely unwilling to
give this postmaster $50.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BENTON now moved to amend the 6th sec-
tion by a provision that the Postmaster General
shall be authorized, where the compensation of a
deputy postmaster may be less than $25 per annum,
to increase the rate of his compensation, not exceed-
ing 50 per cent, on the letter postage of that office.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. ATHERTON had offered an amendment
yesterday, which, in the form then put, was not in
oider. He now submitted it as a distinct proposition
of amendment. It was, in the first section, to insert
that the rate of postage on letters conveyed by mail
any distance not exceeding 50 miles, shall be threo
Ce>Mr. FOSTER asked, was it in order to propose
a^am an amendment before rejected?
°The CHAIR said the amendment in the form
now put was in order.
Mr. ATHERTON urged the necessity and great
impoitauce of this amendment. On short distances
now the postage was only 6| cents. The only le-
duction the bill would afford would be IJ cent on
letters sent less than 30 miles. _ The reduction on
great distances would be from 25 to 5 cents—-a man-
ifest injustice. In one cape the relief would he -'0
cents,.and ill the other only U rent. Besides it
was on short distances that competition had to be
pu t down, which could be done only by a reduction
to 3 cents. , ^ Tl
Mr. MERRICK opposed the amendment. It was
in view of obtaining one uniform rate of postageat 5
cents that 10 cents had been struck out. He would
much rather have the 10 cents restored than admit
this amendment.
Mr. ATHERTON called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted—yeas
17, nays 29, as follows:
YE \S—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Bates, Bayard, Clayton,
Dickinson, Evans, Fairfield, Francis, Huntington, Jaraagin,
Wilier, Niles, Phelps, Upham, White, and Woodbury—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Asliley, Atchison, Bagby, Barrow, Ben-
ton, Beriien, Choate, Colquitt, Crittenden, Dix, Foster,
Jlannegan, Haywood, Henderson, Huger, Johnson, Lewis,
McDuffie, Mangum, Merrick, Pearce, Porter, Semple, Se-
vier, Sjmmons, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, and Wood-
brklge--^.
Mr. SIMMONS moved to amend the 6th sec-
tion, by adding to it the following:
"And the Postmaster General is hereby required to cause
accounts to be kept of the postage that would be chargea-
ble at the rates prescribed in this act upon all matter pass-
ing free thiough the mail, according to the provisions of
this act, and Die sums thus chargeable shall be paid to the
Post Oflice Department from the contingent funds of the
two Houses of Congress, and ot the departments of the gov-
ernment, loi which such mail service may have been per-
formed; and where there is no such fund> that they be
paid out of the treasury of the United States."
His object was to make those who got the ser-
vices of the department pay their just proportion for
its support. He did not wish to see the system of
cheap postage brought into disrepute by the false
charge of being dependent on the treasury. Let the
treasury pay into the department the postages of
the public service, and then cheap postage will have
a fair trial.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. ATHERTON suggested a necessai y amend-
ment in the first section, in consequence of a uni-
form late of postage having been adopted.
Mr. MERRICK said the senator was right: it
was a mere verbal correction.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HUGER remarked that, in 1836, Congress
passed an act confering the franking privilege 011
Mrs. Madison. It was a token of admiration and
respect, not only towards that distinguished lady
herself, but to the memory of a good and great man
who had filled the presidential chair. It appealed
to him most ungracious now to withdraw that token
of respect. He hoped an amendment would prevail
to continue that privilege.
Mr. MERRICK suggested a modification inclu-
ding the widow of Gen. Harrison.
Mr. HUGER accepted the modification.
Mr. SIMMONS hoped the President, Vice Presi-
dent, ex-Presidents, and ex-Vice Presidents would
be included.
[Here a senator from his seat said, "and candi-
dates for the presidency!" which occasioned some
laughter.]
Mr. CRITTENDEN concurred very cordially in
the proposition of the senator from South Carolina,
and the modification. He should also concur in the
suggestion of the senator from Rhode Island, if
limited byname to those living who have filled those
high offices, but to doit in this wholesale way, by
conferring the privilege on ex-Presidents, ex-Vn e
Presidents, their widows, and so on, would only
require a step further, and confer it on their child] en
and grandchildren. It is not the paltry saving that
gives the tiling value, but the graciouspcss of the
compliment. Make it thus indiscriminate, and the
compliment to the individual is taken away.
Mr. WOODBURY suggested that, literally, it
would be to require the treasury to pay the postage
of those individuals; for, according to the amend-
ment of the bill made by the senator from Rhode
Island, the Postmaster Geneial is to cause an ac-
count to be kept of free matter going thiough the
mail, and when there is no con'ingent fund to pay
the postage, it is to be drawn from the treasury.
Mr. MERRICK had not urged the proposition.
He had only read the portion of the bill stricken
out, which, to effect the object proposed by the sen-
ator from Rhode Island, should be restored.
Here suggestions were made to confer the compli-
ment by name on the ex-Prcsidents—Mr. J. Q,.
Adams, Mr. Van Buren, and General Jackson.
Mr. CRITTENDEN had not the least objection
to the thing in that form.
The question was put simply on adding to the
bill a proviso that "nothing in this act shall affect
or repeal the acts conferring the franking privilege
on the widows of ex-Presidents Madison and Harri-
son;" and it was carried in the affirmative.
Mr. MERRICK now called for the yeas and
nays on ordering the bill to be engrossed.
Mr. JOHNSON hoped the bill would not this
evening be put beyond the stage of amendment. He
desiren time to ' consider it. He was not satisfied
that he could support the bill after so radical a
change of the rate of postage.
Several senators said there was no occasion for
the yeas and nays on the question of engrossment.
Mr. MERRICK had no wish f. r them.^ Ho with-
drew his call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHNSON moved to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. MERRICK hoped the Senate would not
agree to do that. Let the question be taken on en-
grossing the bill this evening.
The action on Mr. Johnsons's motion to lay
the bill on the table was taken, by count, and re-
sulted—ayes 21, noes 20.
Mr. MERRICK expressed his extreme dissatis-
faction at this course. He considered it opening up
the bill again to an interminable debate.
Mr. PEARCE moved a reconsideration of the
vote just taken.
It was reconsidered by unanimous consent.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time by an almost unanimous vote.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, at this late hour, would
not ask the Senate, pursuant to the notice he had
given yesterday, to go into executive session;
but he said he should make that motion to-morrow
as soon as the post office bill would be disposed of.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 7, 1845.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
On the motion of Mr. LEVY, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed to ie-
port to thin Itou>o the progress made in the fortifications of
the Floiiria reet, and an estimate tor continuing them.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The House agreed to suspend the rules foi half
an hour for the reception of reports from standing
committees that would not give rise to debate, and
the following were presented:
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial ofWm. Depew for a
reduction of duty on Madeira wine; which was
agreed to, and the report was laid on the table.
Mr. THOMASSON, from the Committee of
Claims, made an adverse report in each of the sev-
eral cases of John Stein, Thomas Thompson, Jo-
seph Paxton, and Samuel A. Morse; which were
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
On the latter case Mr. SHEPARD CARY sub-
mitted a minority report; which was laid 011 the
table.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of John W. Hock-
ett, and it was read twice, and committed to the
Committee of the Whole House.
lie also made an adverse report in the case of the
heirs of Mary Kerr, and it was laid upon the table.
Mr. BOWLIN, from the Committee of Claims,
repoited a bill for the relief of John R. Williams,
and it was read twice, and committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. PHtENIX, from the Committee 011 Com-
merce, reported back Senate bill relating to reve-
nue cutters and steamers; and it was read a third
time, and passed.
Mr. McCLELLAND, from the same committee,
reported a bill making appropriations for the con-
stiuction of a canal round the falls of St. Mary,
and to improve the navigation of Red river; and it
was read twice, and committed to the Committee of
the Whole House 011 the state of the Union.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the erection of a custom-
house at Savannah, Georgia; and it was read twice,
and committed to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee, on the
Public Lands, reported back Senate bill to quiet the
titles to certain lots of lands in the towns of Perrys-
burg and Croghansville, in the State of Ohio, with an
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
rend a third time, and passed.
On the motion of Mr. DUNLAP, the Commulee
on Commerce was discharged from the consideration
of the petition of B. B. Swasey; and the petitioner
had leave to withdraw his petition and accomparty-
lng papers.
W
