CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
^63
propriation from the treasury of seven hundred and
fifty thousand dollars herein granted, shall prove in-
sufficient to defray the expense of the mail service
throughout the United States, to an extent equal to
what is now enjoyed by the public, and also the ex-
pense of extending and enlarging the same in one
proportion with the increase and expansion of the
population, particularly in the new States and Terri-
tories, the deficiency that may so arise shall be paid
out of any moneys in the treasury not otherwise
appropriated; Provided, That the amount of expend-
iture for the Post Office Department shall not, in
the entire aggregate, exclusive of salaries of officers,
clerks, and messengers, of the General Post Office,
and the contingent fund of the same, exceed the an-
nual amount of four million.five hundred thousand
dollars.
Sec. 23. And be it .further enacted, That nothing
in this act contained shall be construed to repeal the
laws heretofore enacted, granting the franking priv-
ilege to the President of the United States while in
office, and all ex-Presidents oftheUnited States, and
to the widows of the ex-Presidents Madison and
Harrison.
Mr. McDUF'FIE, after a few remarks, indisfinet-
ly heard, said he regarded it as his solemn duty
not only to record his vote, but to protest against
this measure. It wag in vain to disguise its ultimate
effect, whatever might be its object. He took it for
granted, and could safely say,'that whatever inge-
nious speculations had been heard upon this sub-
ject in support of a low rate of postage as pro-
ducing a large increase of correspondence, it was
very different from the theory whicli prevailed with
the same senators upon another subject, (the tariff.)
He flattered himself that there was not a senatoi
here who really believed that the post-office estab-
lishment could be maintained under the operation of
this law, without being annually thrown upon the
national treasury to the amount of at least from one
to two millions of dollars. He would not discuss
this question as a question of mere reform. lie would
nQt discuss it as a question of maintaining the
existing system under such modifications as would
mitigate the burdens of the community, without
destroying the revenue of the department. But he
should discuss it as a measure which would throw
this department ultimately upon the national treasury
for its support. Insignificant as it might appear to
some, in this aspect, he regarded it as one of the
most radical and revolutionary movements in our
financial system, ever attempted in the United
States. And what was the pretext—what was the
ingenious disguise under which gentlemen had pre-
sented this question to the Senate? To relieve the peo-
ple from their burdens—the burdens of postage.
He would venture to say that, of all the burdens im-
posed upon the people by this government, this was
one the least felt, and the least complained of. But
how—viewingthis as a question ofpaying the expenses
of the department out of its own income, or paying
them out of the treasury—how was it to relieve the
people? You relieve a citizen from paying postage,
and then collect the money from him to pay it into
the treasury, to indemnify the government fumi
loss. What a delusion ! If the amount saved to
the person by this reduction of duty be equal, fully
equal, to the tax which he pays to the government,
in order to enable it to defray these expenses, he re-
ceives no benefit. What was the benefit of taxing
a man to pay money into the treasury, in order to
exempt him from paying postage? What did he
gain? What could anybody gain by such a policy
as this? It was obvious that if the benefit of this
reduction were to accrue to the same individual
who paid the money into the treasury, he could not
gam by the reduction; but if the individual who
was thus benefited was not the person who paid the
money into the treasury, then it was unjust. You
give the officers of the government the benefit of the
profitable agency of collecting money, and paying it
into the treasury, that it may be paid out again to
the persons it was collected from in another shape,
but curtailed by all the expenses of agency.
But the view of this subject which struck him
most forcibly was, that, contemplating the effects as
they actually were, this bill was intended to ex-
empt one large class of the community from
the burden of postage, and to subject another class
to the burden of taxation in order to effect this re-
duction .
He did not know the existing condition of
things in the West. He presumed that they were
very similar to what they were in the South; but he
knew this—that his constituents, so far from re-
garding their postage as a burden to be complained
of, regarded it as almost the only benefit they re-
ceived from the financial or general operations of this
government.
In the whole region of the West and South the
population was comparatively sparse; and in those
thinly populated portions of the country the distri-
bution of intelligence was a matter of vast import-
ance. He thought the Senate had heard something
in the early stage of this debate, about the-import-
ance of communicating information and intelligence
to the people of the United States. The greater
part of the correspondence in this country was car-
ried on by the commercial and manufacturing com-
munity. All the agricultural portions of the United
States were made up, particularly in the South and
Southwest, of a population who wrote very few let-
ters, and received very few. He could not imagine
an agriculturist who would feel the burden of post-
age at all—even if doubled; and he believed he
had not a constituent who did not pay a
larger duty upon the salt which he used annu-
ally, than the sum he paid in postage. Tie spoke of
the agricultural portion. Amongst these were
the cotton planters; and he would venture to say,
speaking for himself, that if he were to pay the
postage directly upon every letter which he received
annually, the duty that he paid upon liis cotton bags
would be one hundred times greater than his
postage.
Now, were the people to be taxed the first
year of this experiment two millions, and then four
millions; and, in the course of fifteen years from this
time, ten millions of dollars—all thrown upon the. pub-
lic treasury, to increase the favors conferred, and
swell the magnitude of that oppressive burden
which was now thrown upon the agricultural por-
tion of the community, for the support of the man-
ufacturers of the North5 Was this to be thrown
upon the people now to relieve those manufacturers
of their postage'
That was the whole matter. The mmufneturing
and commercial portions of the Union were the por-
tions alone that had raised this agitation about low
lates of postage. It was with them the excitement
had originated, and it had been very ingeniously
distributed throughout the country. Every farmer
had to pay, for the clothes he wore, and for the arti-
cles lie consumed in his family, fifty times as much
into the federal treasury, out of which that money
came to support these manufacturers, as he paid for
postage. But that the farmer regarded as no burden
at all. It was no burden to him to pay once or
twice a week twelve and a half or twenty-five cents
postage on a letter; and yet he felt it more than the
S15 or $20 he pays to his (Mr. McD. V) friendfrom
Rhode Island [Mr. Simmon's] for his calicoes.
His objection, then, to this bill and the measure
which it proposed was, that it would certainly throw
the Post Oflice Department, or the larger portion of
its expenditures, upon the Treasury Department.
He knew of no reason why the postage should be
reduced below ten cents, that would not apply to
abolishing it altogether. Why have any rale at all
if it was not adequate to the expenses of the depart-
ment?
He had shown that the effect of this bill would be
to throw the burden upon those who ought not to
pay it, in order to relieve those who, upon every
principle of human justice, ought to pay it. This
had been very generally regarded as a question of
taxation. When a man paid so much into the post
oflice for a letter, it was supposed that he was pay-
ing it as a tax to the government: Now this was
no such thing. He, (Mr. McD.) no more
paid a tax when he paid the federal govern-
ment twenty-five cents to enable him to trans-
port a letter cheaper than he could get it trans-
ported by a private company, than he paid a
tax when he paid a wagoner or boatman to carry
his cotton. It was not paying a tax, but paying
for services which the government rendered him,
and which nobody else could perform upon terms
which suited him so well. Suppose you make pri-
vate contracts for the transpoitation of your cone-
spondence: it would cost, besides the inconveni-
ence of having no system at all, three times as muck
as you pay the government.
This must be regarded as a general system—not
a system for the benefit of one portion of the Union,
but for all. And he would ask, if we were to regard
it as a tax, could the imagination of man conceive a
more just tax than that which levies the burden upon
the person who receives the benefit? Who ought
to pay the postage? That was the whole matter.
The poor man, who perhaps never received a letter
and who paid ten dollars to the government /
in the form of a duty on sugar, salt, or iron?
Ouo-ht he to pay his [Mr. McDuffie's] letter post-
age" Ought he to pay the letter postage of the
senator from Rhode Island? No: they ought to
pay their own postage. Let him tell gentlemen
that the whole amount of this system would con- .
sist in relieving the manufacturing portion of tho t,
community, and the densely populated parts of the
country, from their postage, and to throw the bur-
den upon the agricultural, or sparsely settled por-
tion of the United States. Now, he would respect-
fully suggest that it would be just as reasonable—
and he did not- know that it would not come to
pass—that the manufactures in the North, who had
a vast deal of correspondence in their business,
should ask first, that we should enable them to
keep up their establishments by the enormous du-
ties of a protective system, and then that we
should raise funds to pay for the transportation
of their manufactures from Boston to New York,
New Orleans, &c. They had just as much right to
enme and call upon the people of the South and
Southwest to do that, as to call upon them to pay
for the transportation of their letters. Now the .peo-
ple of his part of the country were' willing to pay
their portion of the expenses of this establishment;
but he was not willing ' to see a measure passed
which would break up one half of the post offices
throughout the country. Under these views of the
subject, lie protested against this as a system tend-
ing'to produce a revolution in this department gioss-
ly unjust m the distribution of the burdens of this
government. But he objected to it on another
ground. It was laying the foundation, in the post-
office department, of a system of corruption, the
extent of which no human sagacity could anticipate.
Already it waslawful for the head of that department
to exercise the largest control over the public
opinion of the country of any officer under the gov-
ernment. He (Mr. McD.) looked back upon the
extent of the influence which had been obtained 111
this department when under the administration of
that energetic and patriotic man, (Judge McLean,)
who now had a seat in the Supreme Court of the
United States; and he believed, though that gentle-
man was comparatively unknown when he went
into the department, he came out one of the most
popular men in the United States. And how? He
was a jure man; he administered that department
as it never had been administered since; and such
was the controlling influence which he had over
the deputy postmasters all over the United States,
from his character for integrity and honesty, that he.
knew those postmasters who had dealings with him
had a feeling towards him approaching almost to idol-
atry. No man in the United States had the power to
exeicisc a greater influence than the head of this
department, at that peiiod. There was never a
puier man there, than Judge McLean. What then
would be the tendency of this system in ten years
from this time? A corrupt man in that department
would be omnipotent. The department has an ex-
clusive and independent existence. The Postmas-
ter General wields a discretionary power. He js
given, in a little clause of this bill, a discretionary
power to raise the salary of deputy postmasters
throughout the United States. To be sure it was
limited, to some extent; but yet it was a discretion-
ary power; and every Postmaster General would
have the means of doing a favor to any deputy post-
master, or any number of deputy postmasters,
throughout the United States.
Upon the whole, he regarded this system as un-
just, unsafe, and calculated to produce the most dis-
astrous consequences.
Mr. McD. further opposed the bill, chiefly upon
these grounds.
Mr. SIMMONS did not rise to consume more
time in discussing this subject, for the Senate had
heard from him already all the arguments which he
deemed necessary to enforce his views, and he
should not now have thought another remark called
for, had^ not the senator from South Carolina made
personal allusion to him, as if he had other reasons
and motives for fixing upon alow uniform rate of
postage than those he had avowed—to produce most
revenue to the department. Tile senator had made
allusions also to his (Mr. S.'s) constituents; and it
was necessary he should say a word or two in their
defence.
In the first place, he should be permitted to say
that the senator from South Carolina had com-
menced his Opposition to the passage of this bill
