366
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mett HavfLw 'f'-^fn' Hannibal Hamlm, Ham-
" n Josen'h R 7' Her™k; Hoge, Houston, Hubord, Hud-
son, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvm, P, B. Johnson Andrew
Johnson, George W. Jones, Preston JKing, Labranche La-
IMwaTS Mopr'C'1lani:1Mm ■lernand> McDowell, Marsh,
Isaac F m °.serli M?ms. Freeman H. Morse,
Isaac E. Morse, Mosely, Murphy, Newton, Norris Owen
Parmenter, Payne, Peyton, Klisha It. Potter, Preston'
s^ntoJ « ' ^Roberts, Rockwell, Sogers, St. John|
Thomas Sm?t?nrei ,T^onlas.H-Seymour, Simpson, Slidell,
ihomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, S iles
Whilfw 1T.homP?on' Tibbatts, Tilden, Tucker, Benjamin
lijl v« M ' Jo^eP,h A- Wright, Yancey, and Yost-96.
R \^ S,rS' „An?erson. Atkinson, Barnard, Belser,
Benton, Brengle, Burke, Campbell, Carpenter, Augustus
A. Chapman, Clinch, Clinton, Cobb, Cross, Darragli, Dean,
Dillingham, Duncan, Farlee, Fish, Edward S. Hamlin, Har-
?.l ? i1' * ' Hungerford, Washington Hunt,
James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jenks, D P. King,
Leonard,|McCauslen, McConnell, McKay, Pollock, Emery
D. Potter, Ramsey, Rathbun, Reding, Robinson, Russell,
Sample, Saunders, David L. Seymour, Simons, John T.
smith, John Stewart, Sykns, Thomasson, Tyler, Vance
Vinton, Weller, Wheaton, John White, Winthrop, and Wil-
liam Wright—58.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES moved to reconsider
the vote.
On this motion Mr. MURPHY called for the
yeas and nays, which were refused.
Mr. HOPKINS appealed to the gentleman from
Tennessee to postpone this subject until Monday,
when the question could be definitively settled by
the vote of a full House. That was all its friends
wanted.
Mr. RATHBUN moved to postpone the subject
until Monday.
Mr. G. W. JONES called for the yeas and nays;
which were refused.
The question was taken, and decided in the affirm-
ative—ayes 87, noes 40.
So the bill was postponed until Monday.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of James C.
Watson, deceased, came up; and was read by the
Clerk. It appropriates £21,604 for slaves captured
by the Creek Indians, sold by them to General Wat-
son, and then delivered up by the officers of the
government to the Seminoles, from whom they were
captured.
Mr. COBB called for the reading of the report;
which was read by the Clerk.
Mr. G1DDINGS called for the reading of the con-
tract between General Jesup and the Creek war-
riors, on which he said the report in favor of this
claim rested.
The Clerk read an agreement of the 7th of Sep-
tember, 1837, by which all Indian property taken
from the Indians was to belong the captors.
Mr. GIDDINGS called for the reading of the
agreement made m 1836.
The Clerk said there was no such agreement.
Mr. STEPHENS said there was such an agree-
ment, and it could be proved by all the correspond-
ence that all property taken from the Indians, slaves
as well as other property, was to belong to the cap-
tors.
A discussion then ensued, in which Messrs. GID-
DINGS, COBB, ADAMS, STEPHENS, and BEL-
SER took part.
Mr. BELSER observed that he knew something
of the circumstances of the contract which had
originated this bill, but would not pretend to give
his personal information to the House as authentic.
The facts attending the matter were simply these.
In the year 1836, General Jesup, who was at that
time in command of the forces of the government
intended to operate against the Seminoles then in
arms, by authority, entered into a contract with
certain warriors of the Creek tribe of Indians, to
accompany him to Florida; and in that contract,
among other agreements, there was one saying that
those warriors should have all the property which
they might take from the hostile foe. The induce-
ments to make this contract were, first, to estrange
the Creeks from the Seminoles, and to prevent a
union between them; and also that the government
might have troops acquainted with the Indian war-
fare, and more likely to be effective against the
Seminoles than white men could be.
These Creek warriors did accompany General
Jesup into Florida; and, in the course of the cam-
Eaign, captured from the hostile foe upwards of one
undred negroes belonging to their nation. These
negroes were condemned, and sold to General Wat-
son. A bill of sale for them was executed to him
by the agent of the government, upon the payment
ofthe purchase money; and an order was also issued
to deliver them to him.
The officers ofthe government charged with the
Seminole emigration, finding that the purchase of
Watson would probably interfere with the treaty
which had been concluded with them, refused to
surrender the negroes, thereby depriving Watson
of the benefit of his purchase; and the bill now pro-
poses to refund him his money, with interest, from
the time he paid it over, together with reasonable
compensation for his expense and trouble in en-
deavoring t« procure his property.
This contract wa3 not only made with the appro-
bation of the government, but has, time after time
been recognised by its Secretaries of War; and the
only objection to it is, that it, to some extent, involves
the question of slavery.
He held the doctrine that, whether the capture
was duly made or not, could not affect the claim
under consideration. If such an issue is at all per-
tinent, it must be had between the government and
the captor, and he was equally as clear that tile de-
scription of the property captured could not come
up in this form before the House.
He was somewhat astonished at the course of
certain gentlemen. They did not seem to draw
the distinction between slaves and freemen. Slaves
in the States and Territories, in which the institu-
tion of slavery is recognised, are'chattels, so far as
regards a necessary dominion over them. When
life and good treatment are involved, they are like
other men; but servitude had been fixed on them,
and so far as they are property, the title to them
ckn be transferred by the operations of law.
After various decisions of the Supreme Court of
the United States, settling this view of the relations
between master and slave, he thought that eentle-
men ought to surrender their own opinions, and
abide by the reasoning of then- highest courts.
Mr. HAMMETT called for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ADAMS moved to lay the bill on the table;
when
On motion by Mr. HAMMETT,
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By j\Tr. DODGK of Wisconsin: A petition numerously
signed by citr/ens of the Territory o( "Wisconsin, asking
Congress for an appropriation for the construction of a bur-
bor at the town of Sheboygan, at the mouth ofthe Sheboy-
gan river, in the Territory of Wisconsin, on the western
shore of Lake Michigan leferml to the Committee on Com-
merce.
By Mr. McCLF/RNANT): The petition of Hampton Weed
and others, citizens of "VVayne county, Illinois, praying
Congress to giant to the inhabitants ol a certain township
in said county a section ot land, in heu of one already grant-
ed for school purposes, which is of no value.
13y Mr. HOCrE The petition of UU eiti/ens of Rock inl-
and county, in the State of Illinois praying the* gnnt of 160
acres of land for school purposes: referred to the Committee
on the Public Lanrls.
By. Mr. J. BLACK- The petition of Samuel Kishnr, praying
that'a special law may be passed enabling him to procure a
patent for his invention for retaiding wagons and carriages:
lefeired to the Committee on PaU-ntF.
By Mr. UAMSKV: The petition of (i S Pinker, C C
Hynicka and CO otheis, citr/ens of Dauphin count), Penn-
sylvania, issuing that the postage on letters may be ledticul
to a fixed rate of two cents and the franking pin ilege abol-
ished
By Mr A. P. STONE: The momorial of James lluscell
and 33 otheis. citizens uf the Stmt<-of Olno, piajmgthat
Congress will furnish soul Uussell w ith mean1-' to construct
a national planetarium at Washington
By Mr. St JOHN. The petition of (Jeorge Reber and 33
others, citi7ens of Knc county. Ohio, asking a division of
caul State of Ohio into I* o judicial circuits- refeired to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 10, 1845.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Senate
a report from the Treasury Department, transmitted
in answer fo a resolution of the Senate of the 18th
December last, showing the names of the deposi-
tories of the public revenues, whether individuals or
corporations, and the amount on deposit in the
hands of each, at the close of each quarter during
the year 1844, and the conditions on which the do-
posites were made, and the reason for the selection
of any new depository; which, on motion by Mr.
EVANS, was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Also, laid before the Senate a communication
from the War Department, transmitting printed
copies of the Army Register for 1845.
Mr' Ff^TE Presented a memorial from cit-
izens of Webster, Massachusetts, remonstrating
against the annexation ofTexas to theXJnitedStates:
ordered to lie oil the table. . '
Also, presented a petition from S. W. Northrop
and other citizens of the United States, praying that
in the event of the annexation of Texas, to the
United States, measures may be adopted for ob-
taining from the British government a cession to the
United States of her possessions in" Canada: ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. DIX presented a remonstrance of citizens of
Richfield, New Vork, and the proceedings of a
meeting of citizens of Skanateles, New York, against
the annexation of Texas to the United States: or-
dered to lie on the table.
Also presented a petition of 95 citizens of Madi-
son county, New York, praying for the abolition of
slavery and the slave trade in the District of Colum-
bia, the slave trade between the several States,
for the repeal of so much of the act of February 12,
1793, as relates to the recapture of fugitive slaves,
and the rejection of all propositions for the annexa-
tion ofTexas to the United States: ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. N1LES presented a petition from citizens of
Hartford, Connecticut, praying for the annexation
of Texas to (lieUnited States: ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a petition from Wil-
liam Miller, praying for a pension for services as a
United States soldier in the last war: referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a memorial from
a number of citizens of Michigan, praying that the
revenue laws may he enforced against the captains
and owners of steaniboatson the lakes so as to com-
pel them to procure supplies in the United States
instead of British subjects, in violation of the reve-
nue laws: referred to'the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from citi-
zens of Oxford, Chenango conniy, in the State of
New Yoi k, praying for the annexation of Canada
to the United States: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial from the chamber
of eommeree of New York, praying for the estab-
lishment of a branch of the mint of the United
States at that place: referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the petition of the ad-
ministrator of William Woodworth, praying an
amendment of the patent laws, reported a bill to ex-
tend the patent heretofore granted to William Wood-
worth; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. HAYWOOD presented resolutions adopted
by the legislature of North Carolina, requesting the
senators and representatives from that State to use
their exertions to procure the speedy settlement of
the just claims of the Cherokee Indians residing in
that State; which were read, and ordered to be
printed.
Also presented a memorial from the Cherokee In-
dians who have become citizens of North Carolina,
praying for the full value of their property under
the provisions of the 5th article of the constitution
of the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BATES, the Committee on
Pensions were discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition of Obadiah Blandingtor a pen-
sion, and it was refened to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported bank, with an amendment, the bill granting
a pension to Joseph Morrison.
Mr. WOODBRlDG'E, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back, without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill
from the House giving the asrent of Congress to the
sale or other disposition of certain salt spimgs, here-
tofore granted to the States of Michigan and Illi-
nois.
Also reported back from the same committee,
with a recommendation that it do pass, the joint
resolution concerning the copper rock of Lake Su-
perior, which was removed to Washington city.
Mr. BAYAIID, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported back (accompanied by a written re-
port, which was ordered to be printed) Senate bill
providing for the establishment of naval schools.
Mr_ HUGER presented a memorial from the
