2?0
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
an^oa«sEcSf^The I'etition fr0™ L- B' docker
"?12e¥ ,of Oswego county, New York prayimr
u ®f a* ?*• ottpfeo to
er/'cittenJ„f rf' 'I°n fT0."> {fn>es A- McChesney and oth-
fw „ of Port Ontario, New York, praying for a fur-
praPProPr^tlon to improve the harbor at said place. -
conya„A r;iSiE™ 'file petition of Nathaniel A. Ba-
IlavS?™*3fo"rorflve hundred others, citizens of New
the 5r,t Cunnlrctlcut> P J 'ng Congress to reduce
the front, letter postage to two cents each, and to abolish
htni^ ami privilege. Also the petition of JohnC.Cal-
? lu' Cltlzens of Plymouth, in the
county or Litchfield, for the samee object: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
By Mr. r H SEYMOUR: The memorial of inhabitants ol
the f0wn of Windsor, in Connecticut, asking for a reduc-
tion ol poi.age to two cents, and foi the abolition of the
iranlung privilege: referred to Ihe Committee on the Post
O.hce and Post ltoads.
Bv Mr. ROBERT SMITH: The memorial of the National
Kelorm Association of the City of New York, niavjng Con-
gress to abolish the present sjstem of selling the public
lanas, and to adopt_ such measures in relation thereto as
will secure (.ree ol cost or charge) to such persons as are
not now the owners of land, and who are now or hereafter
may become cultivators ot the soil, a reasonable and proper
quantity of said land*: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 11, 1845.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Senate
a communication from the War Department, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of theSen-
ate, a report of the meteorological observations made
at the Grirard college, Philadelphia; which,
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, was ordered
to lie on_the table, and be printed.
Also laid before the Senate certain certificates in
support of the claim of David Little, of Washington,
now pending before the Committee on Claims;
which were referred to that committee.
Mr. DIX presented petitions from 42 inhabitants
of Syracuse, New York, and 90 citizens of Onon-
daga county, New York, praying for a reduction of
the rates of postage; which were ordered to lie on
the table, that subject having been disposed of.
Also presented a petition from Hugh W. Dobbin,
praying for aneais of pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Also presented a petition from 26 inhabitants of
the State of JNTew^ York, and 216 citizens of the coun-
ty of Cayuga, New York, praying for the annexa-
tion of Canada to the United States: ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a petition from 108
citizens of Bangor,-Maine, asking that all proposi-
tions for the annexation of Texas may be rejected.
Mr. F. said he felt, it to be his duty, in presenting
the petition, to say that a gentleman who was well
acquainted with the petitioneis, had informed him
that, with two or three exceptions, they were all
abolitionists and whigs: ordered to lie oh the table.
Mr WOODBURY presented a petition from Jane
Hawkins for a pension: referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Senate
a communication from the War Department, in an-
swer to a resolution of the Senate of the 2d instant,
inquiring whether the Secretary of War had re-
ceived any communication or report, recently, from
Gen.. Cunningham, late mineral agent, containing
information of the copper region in Mississippi.
Also laid before the Senate a communication from
the Navy Department, transmitting printed copies
of the Navy Register for the year 1845.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from
citizens of Butler county, Pennsylvania, praying for
an appropriation of money for the construction of
a Macadamized road from some point on the Cum-
berland road, near to the base of Laurel hill, to
Lake Erie: referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
Also presented a petition from citizens of Pitts-
burgh, pi ciymg for a reduction of the rates of post-
age: ordeied to lie on the table.
Mr. BATES presented a memorial from the in-
habitants of Goshen, Massachusetts, remonstratir g
against the annexation of Texas to the United
States.
Mr. B. said he did not know whether the petitioners
were whsgs or abolitionists—he had not taken the
pains to ascertain; but he knew that they were re-
spectable citizens, who had a right to petition: or-
dered to he on the table.
Mr. BAGCY presented the inemoual of the gen-
eral assembly of Alabama upon the subject ofentab-
lishing a national foundiy in the South, jeeonmieitd-
ing seme point in the northwestern counties of that
State as an admirable location, and instructing the
senators and requesting the representatives to carry
out, as far as practicable, the objects of the resolu-
tions; read, and referred to the Committee on Milita-
ry Affairs,
Also resolutions passed by the legislature of Ala-
bama against any alteration of modification of the
veto power, against any scheme for the distribution
of the proceeds of the public lands amongst the sev-
eral States; against a protective tariff, and particular-
ly the tariff of 1842, in favor 6f the annexation of
Texas to the United States^ declaring a national
bank unconstitutional and inexpedient; in favor of
the termination of the joint occupancy of the Oregon;
and declaring that the'title of the United States to
that territory is clear and indisputable. The reso-
lutions were read, and ordered to lie on the tabic,
and be printed.
Mr. MERRICK presented a petition from True
Putney and Hugh Kiddle, of Baltimore city, praying
compensation for services in constructing the govern-
ment ware-houses in that city: lefcrred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. MERRICK submitted a resolution; which
was read as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War report to the Senate
the names of all persons who have, since the first January,
1840, received any stock-ofthe United States,or ofany State,
or any scrip, money, or certificate, security, or other prop-
erty belonging to the Chickasaw, orphan, or incompetent
fund—reciting1 the particular description of stock, scrip,
money, certificate, security, or other property, the amounts,
dates, and names respectively, with the authority under
which such payments were each made, and the considera-
tion for such transfer.
Mr. JARNAGIN asked the mover of the resolu-
tion so to modify it, as to include the word "Choc-
taw."
Mr. MERRICK remarked that he was totally
unacquainted with that matter, but would, if it was
the gentleman's desire, enlarge the inquiry to the
"Cftoctaw."
The resolution lies one day on the table, under the
rule.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a memorial from the
legislature of Missomi in support of the claim of
the United States to the Oregon Territory; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. ASHLEY, on leave, introduced a bill en-
titled An act granting to the State of Arkansas the
hot spring reservations in said State; which was
twice read, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. COLQUITT, on leave, introduced a bill to
remit the duty on railroad iron m certain cases;
which was twice read, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. ARCHER presented a petition from a large
number of persons m the State of Pennsylvania,
praying for a change in the naturalization laws.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Com-
mittee on Commerce was discharged from the futther
consideration of several petitions from citizens ot
Michigan, praying that the laws for the collection
of duties on goods imported from the Canadas may
be enforced; and it was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, the House
bill for the relief of Elisha Monell, the administra-
tor of Joseph icaid, deceased.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, it was ordered
that the petition of John Milliken, Robert Ford,
and Mrs. Lawson, be taken from the files and refer-
red to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON, on leave, introduced a bill to
authorize the repayment of lands sold by the United
States without authority of law; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. PHELPS, on leave, introduced a bill to incor-
porate the Columbia Mutual Fire Insurance Com-
pany of Washington; which was twice read,^ and
referred to the Committee on the District ol Co-
lumbia.
Mr. BARROW, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill for the reliet of  
W. Thompson; which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. CHOATE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, 1ms one day on the
table:
RwlieJ, That the rro«i<ltnt be requfstcd to communi-
cate to the Senate, if not incompatible with the public m-
texest, the jnstiuctions given to the late commissioner to
Chma', and anj communications mad" duectly to that gov-
ernment.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Breese yesterday, was considered and agreed to,viz.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate any plan whfch he may have de«
vised, or which may be in possession of the'Department of
War, by the adoption of which greater facilities of approach
to, and intercourse with, the mineral regions of Lake Supe-
rior will be afforded, and iU wealth and importance be more
fully developed.
Several bills from the House, mostly of a private
character, were read twice, and committed. _
The following engrossed bills were read the third
time and passed, viz:
The act allowing drawback upon foreign mer-
chandise exported in the original packages to Chi-
huahua and Santa Fe, in Mexico.
The joint resolution for the distribution of the
work on the exploiing expedition.
The lesolution amendatory of the resolution
passed April 30tK, 1814, respecting the application
of certain appropriations heretofore made.
The act for the organization of a company of sap-
pers, miners, and pontotiiers.
The act to provide a free bridge across the Eastern
Branch of the Potomac, in the city of Washington.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
The engrossed bill entitled an act providing for
the satisfaction of claims due certain American
citizens for spoliations committed by the French
on their commerce prior to 1800, was taken up and
read the third time; and the question being shall it
pass?
Mr. McDUFFIE thought a bill of such incom-
parable magnitude should not be permitted.to pass
without any examination at all, so far as his knowl-
edge extended, except the speech of the honorable
senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Choate] in sup-
port ofit. The bill, he said, involved claims extend-
ing ovci a period of eight years, for spoliations
commitled half a century ago; and would, in all
probability, if passed, involve a national expendi-
ture of from #15,000,000 to §30,000,000. He would,
therefore, ask the favor of the Senate to afford him
an opportunity to look into it, to postpone the bill
till Thursday next.
The motion was agreed to.
OREGON.
Mr. ARCHER asked the honorable senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Choate] who was at the
head of the Library Committee, if he would take
that occasion to bring to the notice of the Senate a
shoit bill in relation to the purchase of copies of
Grecnhow's History of Oregon, which had been re-
ported favorably upon by that committee-
Mr, CI-TOATE said he had made the motion at
an unfavorable moment yesterday to take that bill
up. He was obliged to the senator from Virginia
for calling his mind to it. He therefore moved to
take the bill up.
The previous orders were accordingly postponed,
and the bill providing for the purchase of Green-
how's History of Oiegon, California, and other ter-
ritories on the northwestern coast of America, was
taken up as* in committee of the whole. There be-
ing no proposition to amend the bill, it was report-
ed to the Senate.
The question now being shall the bill be engross-
ed for a third reading?
Mr. TAPPAN demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. ALLEN said this was the same bill, in sub-
stance, which was discussed at the last session.
He opposed it then, and would now—not in the
way of a speech, however. The government of the
United States was becoming very much like a book-
dealer. Under various pretentions it had under-
taken to buy up such ot the old unsaleable works in
the country as the publishers found upon their
hands. There were two instances of this now be-
fore the Senate. Here was one. This gentleman,
(Mr. Greenhow,) who was a veiy worthy man,
was one of the officers of the State Department, and
was directed to prepare a history of the title of this
government to the Territory of Oregon. He was
directed to do that as a part of his public duty, for
which he was m receipt of an annual salary. He
performed that duty: and doubtless performed it
well. The ifsn!' of his labors was laid before
CoiiKi-ff:' m the li.nu of a report, and Congress
prr-eivul that iop,,rt. It exists among the
archives of the government. After that, this gentle-
levises, or reviews, as a private citizen, the labors
which he had peiformedus a public officer; calls it
by a new name; prevails upon some friend to sub-
mit a proposition to the Senate to buy 1,500 copies
