CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§71
of this new work. The Senate acquiesced last ses-
sion, with the usual facility with which this body
acquiesces m liberal approprtatibns of the public
money. The facility with which this, and other
cases of the kind, got through the Senate, has super-
induced another application—a very strange one; an
application by a gentleman having a large number
of the reports of the decisions of the United States
courts on hand. He came here, and, through a com-
mittecc, the Senate was to purchase 500 copies of
tnese reports, at $65 a copy, out of the public treasu-
ry, to distribute to the States and State courts. So
that it was seen, from the moment the Sen-
ate became the purchaser of old books, under
the pretence of distributing them, it gave a
sanctions to these applications, and threw out  n
inducement to all who were burdened with a cor'ti-
rnodity of that kind. Under the fascinating pretext
ol distributing them to the whole people of the
Union, by distributing them to the State legislatures
and State courts, we see to what it lias been brought,
xvow, the whole concern of book-printing in this
country is made to receive the official patronage of
the government; and, from this out, any man who
publishes a work relating to our public affair* in the
remotest particular, has nothing to do but to call
upon Congress to purchase the surplus numbers of
that work which he has on hand, for distribution
among the States or people, or somebody else, it is
immaterial whom. It was manifest, no matter what
the pretext of distribution was, the whole danger
lay in the first example, which, once set, opened
the way for applications to which there would be no
termination. He briefly desired, in these lew re-
marks, to record his name against this proposition.
Mr. ARCHER obseived that he was physically
unable to make more than a single remark upon this
subject. The passage of this bill involved consider-
ations, in his sincere judgment, of high importance
to the country. .The Senate was going veiy short-
ly to dispose of the great question of the annexation
of Texas; and after doiri£ that, another great ques-
tion would have immediately to be considered,
which he confidently believed might implicate in its
issue the peace of the United States. The discus-
sion on this last subject would involve the question
of the title or right, of the United States to the Terri-
tory of Oregon. Eveiy senator who took an inter-
est in that question ought to be enabled to trace the
grounds upon winch our title is maintained. Hav-
ing, from the position assigned him by the Senate,
been required to give particular attention to
this matter, he could state it as his unhesitating
opinion to the Senate, that there was no othci
source of adequate information to which scnatois
could at this time refer, or have access, but the book,
the purchase of which was the object of this bill.
There were no other means of knowledge which
which would enable the Senate to vote understand-
ingly upon the question about to be submitted to
their decision.
Now, he put it to every senator, was not that in-
formation worth the sum which it is proposed to
appropriate by this bill to the acquisition of it?
Was it not worth that sum to be enabled to under-
stand the grounds of a decision we would be obliged
to render, upon a question of such admitted moment
to the country? He thought this too small a mat-
ter, to go into the other considerations suggested by
the honorable senator from Ohio, [Mr. Ali.en.]
Let the question be decided without debate. The
yeas and nays had been called, and he hoped they
would be taken now.
Mr. ALLEN remarked that, if he thought it was
necessary to the understanding of this great question
which was to be acted upon so speedily, he would so
far conform to the honorable senator's [Mr. Arch-
er's] opinions upon the subject, as to go down to a
bookstoie and buy one of Mr. Greenhow's works.
He would expend that much money out of his per
diem to enable him to understand how to vote upon
a gredt question involving the annexation of one
empire to another. But could it be possible now,
on the very day—the very hour—when this great
question of the annexation of Texas was to be taken
up, that the Senate of the United States bad to go to
seneof to Air. Grecnhow to learn how they should
vote! Could it be possible that a question which
had warmed up the whole heart of America, and
excited all the f-vnilriea of this great people to their
utmost, was now to be made known to the Senate
through the medium of Mr. Green how's book re-
lating to the Northwest Territory! We cannot de-
bite Texas, it is said, without the history of this
Oiegon coimoveisy; and then we cannot debate the
Oregon question, although we have had all the light
which Mr. Greenhow could shed upon it in his re-
port from the State Department, which treated of
the very same subjects embraced in this'book, with-
outnurchasing the book itself!
The Senate was late in the performance of its du-
ty, if, at this late period, members were to learn
how to vote upon this question. If it was impossi-
ble to vote without Mr. Greenhow's book, it.ought
to have been purchased at the last session, and the
vacation between that session and this ought to have
been spent in studying it. It was too late to learn
now how to vote upon the Texas and Oregon ques-
tions, both of which were to be acted upon within
six or eight days. But this was a matter upon
which he would not detain the Senate.
The question was then taken on the engrossment
of the bill, and decided in the affirmative by a vote
of yeas 30, nays 18, as follows:
YKAS.—Mecsis. Archer, Atchison, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Dd> ton, Lvans,
I«rancis, IIduncgc.ui, Haywood. Hentkii-ou, Huger, Hunt-
ington, Jtiriwgiii, Johnson, Meriick, Miller, Morehead,
Potter, ilivis, Sempta, Simmons, llpham, Walker, "White,
and Woodlmdge—30.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Ashley, Atherton, Bagby, Benton,
Breese, Colquitt. Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Lewis, Mc-
Duffie, Niles, Phelps, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tuppan, and Wood-
bury- 1ft.
The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
ANNEXATION OP T.RXAS.
Mr. MERRICK said that yesterday morning', at
his instance, the bill for the relief of Fuller and Salt-
mard, was laid over till this morning. He now
meved to take it up.
Mr. ARCHER rose and said that it would be in
the recollection of the Senate that he had on a for-
mer day given notice that he would on this day ask
the attention ot the Senate to the resolution re-
ported from the Committee on Foreign Relations,
recommending the rejection of the joint resolution
which had been sent from the House of Representa-
tives for the annexation of Texas to the United
States. He now rose to fulfil that pledge. He was
himself incapacitated, by the effects of his late in-
ilrm health, fiom taking the place which would
properly belong to him in the discussion—that of
opening it. He had, however, obtained from a
friend-—another member of the committee—the fa-
vor of taking his place, by whom, he had no doubt,
the ofhee would be more worthily discharged. In
giving the annunciation to this day, the fact had not
occurred to him that to-morrow would have to be
employed in the business of counting the votes on
the presidential election. Perhaps it would be desi-
lablc (and it was his opinion that it would) not to
have to bioak the continuity of the debate, as would
be the case if it were commenced to-day instead of
Thursday. He would not himself propose this
postponement, though he thought it would be con-
ducive to the convenience of the Senate. the
Senate did not concur in this imprcsaxon, the debate
would now proceed; the senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Moreiiicap) being prepared to commence it.
Mr. MERRICK remarked, that if the gentleman
desiied to take up the Texas question, he would not
object. It seemed to him, however, from the sug-
gestions of the honorable senator [Mr. Archer]
that this important discussion should be continued
when once commenced. He therefore would prefer
the postponement of it till Thursday, as the count-
ing of the presidential votes would take place to-
morrow. However, if gentlemen desired to have a
vote upon the proposition to postpone, he would
withdraw his motion.
Mr. SEVIER called for the yeas and nays upon
the postponement of the consideiation uf this Texas
question.
Mr. MOREHEAD ro.se for the purpose of an-
swering the suggestions made by his friend from
Maryland [Mr. Merrick] as to whether the mem-
ber of the committee upon whom had devolved the
duty of representing the chairman of the committee,
in this place, was willing, to proceed in the argu-
ment to-day, or was desirous of postponing it until
Thursday next. He would conform himself to
whatever might be the wish of the Senate in that re-
spect. It was only on yesterday, about this time in
the day, that his friend [Mr. Archer] informed
hnn that from the state of his health it would be
impossible for him to procced with the discussion
as he had proposed, by disch.uging the duty which
had been assigned him of opening the debate. He
[Mr. Archer] therefore devolved thatduty upon him
(Mr. Moreiieyd.) It would occur to every member
ot the Senate that, in the performance of a duty so
important and responsible as that, and so unexpected-
ly thrown upon him, he Was not as well prepared for-,
the commencement of the discussion as he could
wish to be, either in regard to the question itself, ,oi-
to himself personally. He would therefore, under
these circumstances, without feeling the slightest
possible inclination to postpone unnecessarily the
consideration of this important question one mo-
ment, prefer that the subject should be laid over till
Thursday; and he would propose to call it up then
himself. He would consider this somewhat of a
personal obligation, under the peculiar circumstances
to which he had alluded. If, however, the Senate
thought proper to proceed now, he should certainly,
though not as well prepared as he desired to be, con-
form to its wishes.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he was a minority of one
upon the Committee on Foreign Relations on this
question. For his own part, he was at any time,
and at all times, ready to proceed and present his
views to the Senate upon this subject; but he waa
placed in a most painful position in regard to this
vote. His colleagues upon the committee had al-
ways acted with uniform Courtesy and kindness to-
wards him. They had never withheld anything
from him, either in courtesy or in principle. He
knew all that they knew; and under these circum-
stances, when a colleague upon the committee asked,
as a matter of personal favor, that the consideration
of this question might be postponed until Thursday,
he could not vote against him. He was as anxious
as any person in this body, or in the country, that
the Texas question should be discussed and decided
as soon as possible; but notwithstanding all this
anxiety, he deemed it his duty, and he deemed it
due to the courtesy of the position in which he
stood, to vote in tavor of the postponement.
Mr. SEVIER observed that he understood the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Morehead] to be
willing to proceed with his remarks now.
Mr. MOREHEAD said ho would proceed, if the
Senate desired it. He wished, however, to have it
postponed till Thursday, as a matter of personal
convenience to himself.
Mr. SEVIER, under those circumstances, with-
drew his call for the yeas and nays.
The consideration of the Texas question was,
therefore, postponed till Thursday.
DISTRIBUTION OF THE DECISIONS OF THE
SUPREME COURT.
On motion of Mr. MERRICK, the Senate bill
providing for the purchase and distribution of the
decisions of the Supreme Court of the United States
among the several States and Territories, was taken
up as in committee of the whole, and considered.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury
to purchase of Thomas Cowperthwaite & Co., of
Philadelphia, or from any other persons if the same
can be had on better terms, 500 copies of the decis-
ions of the Supreme Court of the United States as
contained in the six volumes ofPeters's condensed
reports, and the seventeen volumes subsequent
thereto, by the same reporter, at a price not exceed-
ing §65 per copy, and likewise two volumes of
Howard's reports, being a continuation of the re-
ports of the said court to the end of the present
term, at a price not exceeding $2 82 per volume,
and pay for the same out of any money in the treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
The disposition of the books to be, first, seven
copies to the governor of each State and Territory
(one for the State library, one for the use of the ex-
ecutive, two for the use of the legislature, and three
for the use of three highest courts of the State or
Territory, unless the legislature mAke a different
distribution.) Also, to the governor of each State
and 7 crritory, a number of copies equal to the num-
ber of its representatives in both houses of Con-
gress, to he distributed as its legislature may direct;
the l emamder of the 500 copies to be deposited in
the Department of State, to await the future action
oi Congress.
On motion of Mr. MERRICK, the word two [dis-
tinguished m the foregoing synopsis by being in
italics] was struck out, and the following words
substituted, namely, the first, second, and third.
On motion of Mr. DAYTON, another amend-
ment was made, the purport of which the reporter
did not hear.
The bill, as amended, was reported back to the
Senate, and the amendments were concurred in
On the question of ordering the bill to be engross-
ed tor d third reading.
Mr. TAPPAN spoke in opposition. He saw no
