CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1845.
Volume 14....No. 18.
[Continued from JV"o. 17.]
next taken up for consideration as in committee of
the whole.
Mr. STURGEON said the Senate was very
thin; his colleague was not in his seat, and this was
a bill of importance, which might elicit much argu-
ment. He therefore moved the Senate to ad-
journ.
On this question a division was called for; which
resulted—ayes 18, noes 17; so,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February XI, 1845.
The journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
explanation.
Mr. SLIDELL asked and obtained leave from
the House to call its attention to a matter which
concerned him personally. He found, in a letter
in the New York Courier and Enquirer, from its
Washington correspondent, a statement of certain
incidents in the debate between Messrs. Black and
CiooiNGb on the Indian appropriation bill, which he
sent to the Clerk's desk with a request that it should
be read.
The Clerk read the passage referred to, which
stated that "after Mr. Black hud taken his seat,
Mr. UiDDiKGii rose, to reply; but being called to or-
der, Mr. Schkmck said he hoped, after what had
transpired, that no gentleman would object. Mr,
Sslideli. said lie objected, for one. Mr. McCon-
nei.l vociferated, lie objected for two. Mr.
Schesict;, with great emphasis; '1 said no gentleman
would objt'et.' "
Mr. SLIDELL said that he had not heard the
concluding remark of Mr. Schenck when it was
made, but was afterwards informed of it before the
rejournment of the House. He did not, in the
then excited state of the House, think proper to no-
tice it on the floor; he preferred settling his personal
difficulties elsewhere. He consequently requested
two of his friends, members of the House, to call
upon Mr. Schenck to inquire if he had made such
a remark; and if he had, to require an explanation,
lie presumed that the gentleman from Ohio, whom
he saw in his seat, would be willing to state what
had passed between him and the friends of Mr. S.
who had culled upon hmv
Mr. HCHKNCK said he was happy never to have
had occasion to trouble the House with any of these
personal explanations; nor did he think he ever
should have to do so on his own account. But be-
ing appealed to now by Hie gentleman from Louis-
iana, he tell it to be due to that gentlemen and to
himself, to state in a word what must entirely re-
lieve him fiom the position in which lie would seem
to be placed by the report that had been read. Mr.
S. said that when he made the remark referred to,
amid the confusion and excitement of the delibera-
tions of the House, the other day—if deliberation
that might be called—he had not seen or heard the
gentleman from Louisiana; nor was he heard or ob-
served, he believed, by other gentlemen sitting around
him; of course, theieibre, he could have no reference
to htm. This he had explained to the gentleman
from Louisiana, as had been stated, as soon as lie
learned that lie iiad been misuiideistood in that re-
spect.
The converstiou here dropped.
A message was received from the Senate, accom-
panying a large numbsr of bills which had passed
that body.
Mr. COLES, from the Committte on Military
AtTairs, reported back Senate bill No. 29, entitled
an act to refund the ascertained balance due to Mas-
sachusetts, and with an adverse report thereon. It
was committed to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS OF STATE LEGISLATURES.
Mr. HAMLTN piesented resolutions of the legis-
lature of the State of Maine relating to the annex-
ation of Texas and the occupation of Oregon, arid
they were laid on the table, and ordered to be print-
ed.
Mr. F1CKL1N presented resolutions of the legis-
lature of Indiana, (the purport of which was not
mentioned;) and they were kid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. W. J. BROWN also presented resolutions
of the legislature of Indiana, (the purport of which
was,not mentioned;) and they were laid on the table
and' .ordered to be printed.
^Mr. LEVY presented resolutions of the legisla-
ture of the Territory of Florida, instructing their
delegate to urge upon this House the admission of
Florida and Iowa into the Union of States.
\ POST OFFICE B1LI.. * "
On the motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the bill from
the Senate to reduce the rates of postage, limit the
use and correct the abuse of the franking privilege,
and prevent frauds on the Post Office Department,
was taken up, read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills, which were acted upon in
committee yesterday, were now taken np, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, and read a third
time, and passed.
A bill authorizing the President of the. United
States to cause patents to be issued for certain lots
in the town of Mineral Point, Territory of Wis-
consin.
A bill for the construction and improvement of
certain roads in the Territory of Wisconsin,
A bill to continue the harbor improvements al-
ready commenced at the town of Southport, in the
Territory of Wisconsin.
A bill for the erection of a light-house at the town
of Southport, in the Territory of Wisconsin.
A bill supplemental to an act entitled "An act for
laying off the towns of Fort Madison and Burling-
ton, in the county of Des Moines, and towns of
Kelleview, Dubuque, and Peru, in the county of
Dubuque, Wisconsin, and for other puiposes," ap-
proved 2d July, 1836, and the amendatory act
thereto.
A bill providing for the payment of certain militia
forces called into service in the Territory of Florida.
A bill making appropriations for certain improve-
ments in the Territory of Iowa.
A bill making appropriations for certain improve-
ments in Florida.
A bill to grant certain quantities of land to aid the
improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers, and
to connect the same by a canal in the Territory of
Wisconsin
A. bill making appropriations to def.ay the ex-
penses of the session of the assembly for the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin, held in December, 1842-3.
The bill to provide for the payment of Iowa mili-
tia called into service in December, 1839, was taken
up on the question of its engrossment.
Mr. DANA moved to lay it upon the table; and
on that he called for the yeas and nays; which were
ordered.
The question w.is taken and decided in the affir-
mative—yeas 107, nays 49, as follows:
YE <\S — Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, JJanuisrer.
Bernard, .Jamci Black, Blarkwoll, liowlin. Brenglo Aaron
^ fjrown, Milton Brown. Wilhom .1. Brown, Builincjton.
Bint, Caldwell, Carpenter, Carrol), <'aihw, < Jingroan, Colt'«.
("-ollariit'r, Cron>ton, Cullom, Dana, Richard D OavN, Df«-
berry, Diclcey. Dromgoolo, Duniap, Ellis. Rimer, Karleo,
Kish, Eloronco, Foot, Foster, Kreneh, Fuller. Giddings,
Uo^m, rani (jroen, Griunell, Hannibal Hamhn, Harper.
fieriick, Holmes, Hopkins, lIutKon, llungorford,
Washington Hunt, James 15. Hunt, Irvin, .Tonks. Cave
Johnson, t'erley 15. Johnson, Andrew Johnson. George
W. Jones John P. Kennedy, Dome! P. King, Kirkpatrick,
Leonard, I.ncas, MeCauslen, McConnell, McDowell, Meil-
\aine, McKaj, Marsh, Joseph Morris, Vieeman H.Morse,
Mosely> Nes, Newton, Noms, Farroentei, Payne, Peyton,
Phoenix, Polloek, Elisha II. Potter. Preston, TCalhbun" Da-
vid 8 Reid. Hitter. Robinson, Rodney, Russell, St. John,
Sample, Schenck, Senter, Severance, Simon?, Slidell,
Albert Smith, John T. Smith, Stetson, Andrew Stewart,
Summers, Sykes, Tibbatts, Tyler, Vance, Vinton, "With-
ered, Benjamin White, and Williams—107,
N'AVS—Messrs. Arlington, Belser, Benton, James A.
Black, Brodhead, Burke, Chilton, Clinton, Cross, Daniel,
Garrett Davis, John W. Davis, Dean, Dellet, Dillingham,
Douglass, Duncan, Fieklin, Hale, Haralson, Hoge, Hous-
ton. "Hughes, Charles J. Ingersoll, Andrew Kennedy,
Lyon, Mathews, I. K. Morse, Paterson, Pettit. E. D. Totter,
Reding, Roberts, Rockwell, Saunders, Robert Smith,
Steenrod, J. Stewart, Stiles. J.W. Stone, Taylor, Thomasson,
Thompson, Tucker, Weller, Wentworth. John White,
Joseph A- Wright, and Yancey—49.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. LEVY moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union, to resume the consideration of territorial
business •
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON insisted that the remain-
ing bill on the Speaker's table, which had been re-
ported with an adverse recommendation, be taken
up and acted on.
Mr; LEVY wished it postponed until further in-
formation could be laid by him before the House.
/ ADMISSION OF IOWA AND FLORIDA. I
/ The. question being taken, after some conversation,
Ahe motion pf Mr. Lew was agreed to, and the
I House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
I on the state of the Union, (Mr. J. W. Davis in the.
' chair,) and resumed the consideration of the bill
^providing for the admission of Iowa and Florida as
™ States into the Union, with the pending amendment
k thereto of Mr. Duncan and Mr. Relfe.
\ Mr. VINTON was entitfed to the floor,
Mr. A. C. DODGE appealed to the gentleman
from Ohio, Mr. Vinton, and to the committee, to
waive the discussion on the bills for the admission
of Iowa and Florida, and to permit the remaining
territorial bills to be acted upon. He said if these
bills were now passed over, they would notpgain be
reached during the present session; and there were
some which, it was of great importance to his con-
stituents, should be passed.
Mr. VINTON said he would do so if the bills
that the gentleman from Iowa alluded to would
not provoke discussion. He understood that the
bill for the sale of the lead mines was one which
would be pressed.
Mr. DODGE replied that it was certainly one
which he should press; but he did not believe, m the
shape in which that bill now was, that it would
call forth any opposition.
Mr. McCLERNAND joined in the request made
by the honorable delegate from Iowa, [Mr. A. C,
Dodge.] that the honorable gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vinton] should give way, for the purpose of
taking up the bill directing the President to sell the
mineral iands in the State of Illinois, and the Ter-
ritories of Iowa and Wisconsin. He said he hoped
the gentleman would peimitthis. Unless the bill
should be taken up no«, the probability was, that
it would not be reached during the session; and it
was a matter of great importance to the State and
Territories mentioned, thart, it should be. He was
willing, if the bill should elicit debate, to see it laid
aside that the gentleman from Ohio might proceed
with his remarks on the bill now under considera-
tion. He would further say, if the btll in regard
to mineral lands should be taken up now, and re-
ported to the House, for himself and the friends of
the measure, that neither he or they would inter-
pose any obstacle to its dis discussion in the House.
Mr. BARNARD said that he proposed to debate
it.
Mr. VINTON said that the gentleman from New
York, near him, had signified his intention to dis-
cus the bill alluded to. He would therefore claim
the floor. He had yesterday been about to
call the attention ol western gentlemen to the history of
those promises originally made to the western coun-
try, on this very subject of ultimate prospective
power and consequence in this government, which
had been withdrawn, and which had resulted in de-
priving that great region of the United States of its
due share in the legislative councils of this govern-
ment. During the American revolution, great ef-
forts had been made to procure from the States
holding lands, especially from Virginia, cessions of
their vacant land beyond the Ohio river and else-
where. Mr. V. caused to be read the resolutions
of the Congress of the confederation of October,
1780, bearing on this subject, and holding out in-
ducement to such cession. In 1783, in pursuance of
its resolutions, the legislature of Virginia made a
cession of the country beyond the Ohio river to the
United States, which cession was made on various
conditions, the first, and therefore presumably the
most important of which Mr. V. caused to be read,
(as was supposed from the act of cession,) which
laid down that the territory so ceded was to be laid
out and formed^into States containing a suitable ex-
teat of territory, not less than one hundred, or mor§
