W%?4- ■>
278
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TL sWwt,wThlrei •&"* the ^nexation of
M DtTmi ^ ordered to lie on the table.
numbe?^?^AN PJesented a memorial from a
r*oflnh!ibitants of Graysburgh, in the eoun-
i J. ,1." Pennsylvawa, asking for such a change
m the post routes as to give greater mail facilities;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Also presented a memorial from William Car-
man, of the city of Pittsburg, representing that he
served four months under Gen. St. Clair, in 1791,
that he is old, and in reduced circumstances and
prays for a pension: referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
On motion by Mr. PORTER, it was ordered that
the communication from the War Department, ac-
companied by a report from the mineral agent on
■Lake superior, be printed.
vHr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Claims,
reported back, without amendment, and with a re-
commendation that they do pass, the bills for the re-
lief of Eldred A. Lambert, Bennet M. Dell, John
Adams and John Adams, jr.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
Enos Stephens of Philadelphia, representing that
he had made a discovery and invented a machine
with which he can take and record the yeas and
nays in any legislative body instantly and perfectly
accurate. Mr. B. said it was a time-saving ma-
chine, which he had no doubt, upon the representa-
tion of the petitioner, would, at some period, an-
swer well the purposes for which it is intended in an-
other quarter of the Capitol. The petitioner asks that
his petition may be referred to a committee to ex-
amine the plan of operations, and report to Con-
gress as to its practicability. A similar one was
presented to the other House, where, perhaps, the
plan was more needed than in the Senate: referred
to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. MLES presented a petition from citizens of
South Norwalk, Connecticut, praying for a reduc-
tion of the rates of postage; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. MILLER presented the credentials of the
Hon. William Dayton, elected by the legislatuie
of New Jersey a senator from that State for six
years from ihe 4th of March next: read, and ordered
to be placed upon the files.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a remonstrance from a
number of citizens of the town of Parma, in the
county of Cuyahoga, Ohio, against the annexation
of Texas to the United States: ordered to he on the
table.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from a number of
inhabitants of Watertown, m the county of Jeffer-
son, New York, praying that the joint resolution of
the House for the annexation of Texas may be re-
jected: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from Ma-
ry McNclly, of Broome county, New York, praying
for a pension.
Mr. BAYARD presented a petition from sundry
mechanics who were employed in the navy-yard at
Washington in 1843, praying indemnity for the losses
sustained by them in consequence of their sudden
discharge from employment there: referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back, without amendment, the bill explan-
atory of an act entitled "An act making appropria-
tions for the civil and diplomatic expenses of gov-
ernment for the year 1831."
Also reported a bill to authorize the South Caro-
lina railroad company to import, free of duty, cer-
tain pipes and machinery for an atmospheric rail-
way; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the Committee on
Naval Affairs was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of John Carlan, asking for
renewal of pension.
Also reported back, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill for the relief of
Peter Von Schmidt, allowing him compensation for
tianslating a document on the culture of hemp.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on theDis-
tiict of Columbia, reported back, without amend-
ment, the bill to incorporate the Columbian Mutual
Insurance Company of Washington city.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back, with an amendment,
(which was ordered to be printed,) the bill to amend
act entitled "An act to carry into cffect, in the
States of Alabama and Mississippi, the existing
compacts with those States with regard to the 5
per cent, fund, and school reservations.
Also reported back, from the same committee,
with an amendment, (which was ordered to be
printed,) the bill granting to the county of Wyan-
dott, in the State of Ohio, certain lands in the town'
of Upper Sandusky.
Mr. TAPPAN presented resolutions adopted by
the legislature of Ohio, requesting the senators and
representatives in Congress to use all honorable ex-
ertions to procure the passage of a law to appropri-
ate $15,000, either in money or in town lots, in Up-
per Sandusky, or lands in the Wyandott reserva-
tion, for the purpose of erecting a suitable court-
house and jail for said county, provided the county
seat shall be located in Upper Sandusky. The reso-
lutions,, which related to the subject the above bill
provided for, were read, and ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. J>[ILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the relief
of Thomas Rhodes; which was read, and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. WOODBURY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of John Cocke,
of Tennessee; which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
RE ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
,/r Mr. ASHLEY asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution for the admission of Texas
into the Union; which was read, and ordered to a
second aeading, and to be printed, as follows, viz,:
t Resolved, That the republic of Texas, by the name and
style of the "State of Texas," be received and admitted into
this Union upon the same footing1 with (he original States
in all respects whatever, on the people of said republic, met
in convention called by the duly constituted authorities
thereof, consenting to the following terms and conditions:
• 1. That the existing constitution of said republic be so
modified as that it shall conform to the constitution of the
United States, and be so amended as to provide that the
teiritory of Texas may be divided into new States not ex-
ceeding five in number, to be received and admitted into
this Union, in conformity to the provisions of the constitu-
tion of the United States, upon the same footing with the
original Stales.
2. That the United States be authorized to adjust and set-
tle all questions ot boundary which may arise with other
governments.
'8. That all fortifications, barracks, navy, and navy-yards,
docks, magazines, arms, and accoutrements, all mines, min-
erals, bait Idkesj and springs, all public edifices, except the
capital, court-houses, jails, and other buildings adapted to
State, county, and other local purposes, and all other prop-
erty and means appertaining to the public defence, belong-
ing to said republic, not including the public funds, dpbU,
taxes, and dues of every description, be ceded to the United
States.
( 4. That all the public lands within the limits of said re-
public be pledged to the payment of its debts, and transfer-
red to the United States in trust, to be sold and disposed of m
the same manner as the public lands of the United States ;
and the pxocceds thereof be applied to the payment of said
debts, after deducting the expense incident to the manage-
ment and sale thercol; and after the final discharge of the
whole amount of said debt, the residue thereof shall be an-
nually paid to the State of Texas, unless other States shall
be formed within her limits; in such case it shall be appor-
tioned and paid respectively in proportion to their repre-
sentation in Congress: Provided, That in no event shall
said debt be assumed by or become achargt upon the Uni-
ted States.
s 5. That a commission of four shall be appointed—two by
the United States and two by the State of Texas—whose du-
ty it shall be to ascertain the debts of Texas; and there
shall be paid an annual salary of three thousand dollars to
each of said commissioners, m lieu of all other compensa-
tion whatever; w hich, with all other expenses incidental to
said commission, shall be paid out of the proceeds of the
lands-, that the United States shall proscribe such rules and
regulations for the government of the commissioners, and
for the convenient and prompt payment of said debts, as may
be necessary; it being understood that Texas may designate
such debts as she may desire to be first paid, not exceeding
the sum of five hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. BAGBY submitted the following resolution;
which lies over till to-morrow:
Resolved, That from and after .this day, the Senate will
convene daily at 11 o'clock, a. m.
The engrossed bill entitled an act providing for
the purchase and distribution of the decisions of the
Supreme Court of the United States among the sev-
eral States and Territories, came up for its third
reading.
On motion by Mr. DAYTON, the bill was so
amended as make it read $62j per set, instead of
$65-
The bill was then read the third time, and the
question being, Shall it pass?
Mr. ATHERTON demanded the yeas and nays;
which, being ordered, were taken, and resulted—
yeas 21, nays 20—as follows:
YF.AS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien, Choate,
Clayton, Dayton, Evans, Foster, Francis, Huger,
Huntington, Jarnagin, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, More-
head,^Porter, Upkam, White, andWeodbridge—21.
• NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atherton, Bagby, Ben-
ton, Breese, Buohanan, Colquitt, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield,
Haywood, Lewis, McDnflie, Niles, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tap-
pan, and Woodbury—20.
So the bill was passed.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the bill from the
House for the relief of Dunning R. McNair was ta-
ken up on air adverse report of theCommitte on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and recommitted to
that committee.
NATIONAL DEFENCES.
Mr. FOSTER called the attention of the Senate
to the exposed condition of our frontier on the
north and northwest, and the importance of Con-
gress taking some measures to put that region of
our country in a proper state of defence. He con-
cluded by submitting the following resolution; which
lies on the table for the present, viz:
Hesoleed, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested to
report to Congress, at its next session, the present means ol
naval defences on tiie lakes, together with the best }>lan for
providing for the general defence in that quarter, whether
by the ship canal onlltnois or otherwise.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, the special order
of the day was called up, being, as he considered it,
the question of concurrence with the Committee on
Poregn Relations as to the adoption of the resolu-
tions recommended at the end of the committee's
report on the subject of the annexation of Texas,
which resolutions were as follows:
Revolved, That the joint resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives for the annexation ol Texas to ihe United States
be rejected.
lii-solied, That the several bills and joint resolutions
originating in the Senate, the ievolutions. 01' sundry State
legislatures, and the petitions and tnemoiials of maiij citi-
zens of the United States, for and against the annexation of
Texas to this Union, which have been ieleiiud to this com-
mittee, do lie oil the table.
Mr. ALLEN rose and said, that before the sena-
tor from Kentucky [Mr. Moreuead] entitled to the
floor proceeded to open the debate, he desired the
precise question before the Senate to be stated by
the Chair—the question upon which the Senate
would be called upon to vote.
The CHAIR. It is on the adverse report; and as
the chair now understands the matter, the joint
resolution of the House of Representatives comes
up as in committee of the whole for consideration,
and is open to any motion that may be made in re-
gard to it.
Mr. ALLEN. It is not, then, on the report of the
committee, but on the joint resolution, that the ques-
tion is pending.
Mr. HUNTINGTON. Before the question is
put on the adverse resolution from the Committee
on Foreign Relations, it is competent to amend
and perfect the joint resolution; but the committee's
object may be attained by motion of indefinite post-
ponement.
Mr. ARCHER. Then, to obviate all difficulty,
I now make the motion that the joint resolution of
the House of Representatives now before the Senate,
be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. ALLEN. Now, sir, I move that the yeas
and nays be ordered on that question, and then the
senator from Kentucky can go on.
The CHAIR put the question, and the yeas and
nays were ordered.
Mr. MOREHEAD then rose and addressed the
Senate for upwards of two hours.
v/ He said he ought, in justice to himself, to ex-
press to the Senate his sincere regard for having
postponed the consideration of the present biil when
it was called up by the senator from V trgima [Mr.
Archer] on a former day. Unexpectedly to him
(Mr. M.) the duty had been devolved upon lum in
consequence of that senator's ill health, which, most
assuredly, no one could regard more strongly than
he did, to present to the Senate the grounds upon
which those who were of opinion that this biil
ought not to bo passed, based their opinions. In con-
sequence of the circumstances in which he was
placed, not having had his mind directed to the con-
sideration of those subjects particularly, which were
necessary to be considered in opening the discussion
to the Senate, he had deemed it his duty, as well to
the Senate as to himself, to ask forthe postponement
until to-day; and he now proceeded to discharge
the duty which had been imposed upon him.
In attempting to discharge that duty, lie could not
be insensible to the great magnitude of the topic
which was under the consideration of this body. He
deemed it the most interesting and important subject
