CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
279
which for years had agitated the public mind in this
country; and he almost felt as if he should shrink
from the discharge of his duty, under the deep sense
which he entertained of the many and deep interests
which this subject involves. He trusted that he
should have strength enough to submit to the Sen-
ate the views which he entertained in relation to it;
and he did most humbly supplicate Him who holds
in His hands the destinies of nations, that He would
enable him to do it satisfactorily, both to the Senate
and the country. Before he went into the consid-
eration of the prominent topics growing out of this
subject, allow him to make a preliminary remark.
For one, whatever might be the views of other gen-
tlemen coinciding with him in general, upon the
question now under consideration, he was led to the
conclusion that,the bill itself, independent of any
constitutional objections, was inexpedient, if for no
other reason than because it adds additional territory
to this Union. He was one those who believed
that,constituted as the government of the U nited States
was, we had territory enough for all useful pur-
poses; and when he looked back upon the history of
past republics, and reviewed the consequences
resulting from adding province after province, and
territory after territory, to the original domain of
those republics, he was still more strongly con-
vinced that it was better for the people of the United
States to plant themselves upon their original terri-
tory; that they should not extend it—tnat prece-
dents for the extension of territory ought to be
opposed at the outset, in consequencc of the
results which might eventually transpire. But what-
ever might be his opinions upon this subject,
he took occasion to say, independent of all other
difficulties, this would be a sufficient consideration
with him. There was another point of view pre-
senting itself at the threshold, which he thought en-
tirely insurmountable. When this subject was
presented to the consideration of the Senate at the
last session of Congress, one of the leading difficul-
ties in the way of its favorable reception by this
body, was the relations which subsisted between
the government of Mexico and the government of
the United States. ; It was said that there were at
that time subsisting treaties between that govern-
ment and ours, pledging the faith of the govern-
ment of the United States to the preservation of the
harmony and peace of the two nations; and that,
pledged as the government of the United States was
by those treaties, it would, in the first place, be a
sufficient cause of war; and in the next place, a
violation of the faith of the treaties which subsisted
between that government and ours, if we proceeded,
without the consent of the Mexican government, to
annex Texas to this nation; or, in other words, to
deprive her of a province which, however the inde-
pendence of that province might have been recog-
nised by this government, still had never been re-
cognised as independent by herself.^ He was one
who felt the full force of the objections founded up-
on the circumstances which he had mentioned.
In looking at the position that this whole subject
now occupied, he could not, for one, perceive that
.there had been any change of these circumstances.
\Mexico was still an obstacle between that govern-
ment and ours. There were still subsisting treaties of
friendship and peace. If it were incumbent upon
us on a former occasion to regard the relations be-
tween Mexico and this country, and to be influ-
enced by them, he knew of nothing that had pro-
duced such an alteration of those relations as to
justify us now in the annexation of Texas to tins
government, without the consent of Mexico. He
undertook, at least, for himself, to express the opi-
nion that there had been no change of circumstances
and position ; and if, at the last session of Congress,
he would not plunge into this annexation scheme,
because he believed It would be violating the national
faith and endangering the national integrity, he
would not do it now. If he believed, at the last
session of Congress, that the consequence of annex-
ation was to produce war with Mexico, and without
cause on her part, but with cause upon ours, he
would oppose it still. If there was anything in the
present condition of the Mexican government which
should have a bearing upon this subject at all, it
seemed to him that these circumstances should ap-
peal still more strongly than they did at the last ses-
sion of Congress, to the magnamity of this govern-
ment not to interpose this scheme between our rela-
tions with Mexico, whatever may be the solicitude^
lyhich Texas may have to be annexed to this Union.J
The domestic condition of Mexico was different
now from what it was then. If, being a weak gov-
ernment, it was impolitic and unjust for us, a strong-
er power, to interpose and violate her domain, with-
out her consent, should we avail ourselves of the
internal dissensions in that unfortunate country, at
this time, to do that now which we would not have
done then? \
I Without'dwelling upon this subject—without en-
larging upon the considerations which were connect-
ed with it—he deemed it his duty to express the con-
victions of his own mind and the reasons which
influenced him in relation to it.
* tThe national faith! Need he take up the time of
the Senate in dwelling for a moment on the d uty which
every government on earth owed to itself, and espe-
cially a free republican government,to preserve untar-
nished its own national faith ? It constitutes the moral
character of the United States, or at least its strength.
Endanger it—enfeeble the claim that you have upon
the judgment of the world, growing out of the ob-
ligations imposed upon a government like ours, to
preserve its faith and integrity in its relations with
the other governments of the world—and you disarm
it of its intrinsic and constitutional strength. He
was, therefore, now, as he was at a former session
of Congress, unwilling to admit the territory of
Texas into this Union until he should be satisfied
that Mexico at least should consent to let it inj
It might bo said, in reply to the suggestions which
he had made to the Senate upon what he considered
an important view of the subject, that the govern-
ment of the United States had recognised the inde-
pendence of Texas—that other nations of the world
had done the same thing—that Mexico was incapa-
ble of reclaiming her authority over her lost province
—that Texas was, in fact, independent, and able to
maintain her independence. Now, that was the
very question which was presented to our conside-
ration. Were we sure that Texas was in fact in-
dependent, and that she was able to maintain her
independence, notwithstanding the efforts which
Mexico might think proper to make, to lrgain
that territory? In looking at the whole subject, as
he had endeavored to do, in the most impartial
point of view, it occured to him that the applica-
tion which that government (the government of
Texas) had made to ours, and the frequent appeals
which had been made to the government ot the
United States, to interpose between her and Mexico,
was x strong circumstance calculated to impress us
with tho belief that Texas herself feels that she
might be incompetent to maintain her indepen-
dence. ; But he would not dwell upon that subject, i
I|e proceeded to the consideration of another. '
iThe next objection which he proposed to make t.o
this bill, arose from its peculiar character. What
was it' He called it a bill; it was a joint resolution
from the House of Representatives; and it proposes
to introduce Texas as a State into the American
Union, upon an equal footing with the original
States,jby an act which requires the assent, to con-
stitute it a law, of a bare majority of the two
Houses of Congress, of, what he thought made the
case still stronger against it, of a majority of barely a
quorum of the two Houses. The ground upon
which the proposed measure of annexation had
been advocated, could not be lost sight of in the
consideration of this branch of the subject. In the
whole of tho correspondence between the Amer-
ican Secretary of State, and other governments
which were interested in the question, the annexa-
tion scheme has been placed upon the ground
that it was necessary to protect and strength-
en the domestic institutions of a particular portion
of this confederacy. He was not about to go into
the consideration of this question. He knew it
was a fearful and an alarming one in its details; but
coming from a State, whose institutions would be
brought within the application of this resolution, if
it should pass, whatever that protection might be, he
had to say, bearing upon that question, that if this
resolution was intended to recognise the powef of
a majority of the two Houses of Congress to
strengthen and maintain the institution of slavery
in this country, he disclaimed their authority to act
upon the subject. It had never been admitted—he
trusted it never would be admitted—that Congress
has one moment's jurisdiction over the subject in a
legislative form.J
He considered, then, the joint resolution now be-
fore the Senate, taken in connection with the reason-
ing by which it had been sustained, as involving di-
rectly the considerations which he had mentioned.
For one, as one of the representatives of a State
whose institutions were of the character to which ho
had alluded, he never would conscnt that a majori-
ty of Congress should legislate-m reference to this
particular domestic institution; ^because, if a major-
ity of Congress could declare that a foreign territo-
ry could be annexed for the purpose of strengthen-
ing this institution, a different majority could de-
clare that, for the same reason, and upon the same
precedent, they could circumscribe and contract it.
He preferred, as one representing one of the States
to which he had alluded, abiding by the compro-
mise of the constitution, and placing his feet
upon true and substantial constitutional grounds,
At this moment, when it was known that the
nonslaveholdlng States of this Union were the
preponderating power of the Union, and when
it was known that in some of those States
there was rising up a great power, fanatical and dan-
gerous in its character, the future footsteps of which
no-human being could trace, and the future conse-
quences of which no human being could anticipate,
he would not be instrumental in establishing a pre-
cedent which would enable them to countermine the
interests of those States of the TJnion whose institu-
tions were different from theirs. /
He might enlarge upon this' subject, and throw
out other objections to this resolution upon that
score;but there was so much before him, that, upon
this preliminary question of expediency, he did not
dfifim it his duty to dwell at large. ^ ,
yThere was only one more point, of a preliminary
nature, remaining, to which he should briefly allude;
and that was this: This resolution proposes to take
from Texas all that belongs to her but her public
lands—not alone her custom-houses, her sources of
revenue, but her sovereignty—that which it seemed
to him ought to be dearer to her than all other con-
siderations. Her sovereignty! And you leave her
utterly powerless for the payment of her national en-
gagements to the world. Will you do that? Will
you expose yourself to the hazard of the imputation
that you have deprived the just creditors of inde-
pendent Texas of their rights, by depriving her of
the means of paying her debts? that you are willing,
for the stipulations you make as the terms of recep-
tions, to make the best bargain you can for yourself,
and let the whole world interested in the maintenance
of the, sovereignty of Texas construe it as they
that the creditors of Texas, in all possible
go"od faith, had not only a just lien upon the re-
sources of the government of Texas—upon her pub-
lic lands—upon all her public property—and upon
her national faith; but that, if the preservation of her
independence should be one means of the redemp-
tion of those debts, they had a claim also upon us
that wc should not deprive them of their claim by
depriving Texas of all possibility of paying them^
l ie would not dwell, either, upon these grounds. "~
JJe eame now to what was much more important
than all the considerations of the great question in-
volved in this case; and that was, whether tho joint
resolution from the House was or was not con-
formable to the constitution of the United States?
It was not his intention to go into an investigation
of the various modes by which territory could be
acquired under this government. It might be ad-
mitted that you may acquire territory by discovery;
that you may acquire it by conquest; that you may
acquire it by cession; and he supposed there were
very few who would deny that it may be acquired
by treaty. In the case now under consideration it
was not proposed by the joint resolution before the
Senate thai Texas should be acquired according to
what he considered the constitutional mode of pro-
ceeding—by the treaty-making power; but she was
required by legislative enactment to code her territo-
ry, as well as her sovereignty, to the United States.
'"The proposition is for Congress to admit her asa-'
State. He assumed, therefore, that the present joint
resolution need not be discussed in reference to the
mode of acquiring territory, particularly applicable
to the treaty-making power of the United States.
Now, he asked if, when this government was about
to add a foreign domain to ours, there was any other
mode of accomplishing that object except by the
interposition of the treaty-making power, composed
as that treaty-making power was of the President
of the United States, in conjunction with the Senate? /
It seemed to him unnecessary that he should go
into the consideration of the abstract question con-
nected with the treaty-making power in its relations
to foreign States. That subject had been ably and
fully discussed as far back as 1816, when the ground
was taken, and, he thought, fully maintained, that
through the treaty-making power alone could foi-
eign territory be acquired, and only through the
