CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. J. W. Davis in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the bill for thejul-
mission of Florida and Iowa into the Union. ^-The
pending amendment was that offered by Ihe gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Morse,] as follows:
"Vrwiiled, however, That so far as relates to Florida this
act shall not take effect until after a convention of dele-
gates, elected by the qualified voters of Florida, shall have
so altered the constitution adopted by the convention of
delegates oh the 11th January, 18^9, as to strike from arti-
cle 16tli m said constitution the first and t/tirrf sections, in
the following words, namely: 'Sec. 1st. The general assem-
bly shall have no power to pass laws for the emancipation
of slaves.' 'Sec 3a. The general assembly shall have pow-
er to pass laws to prevent Tree negroes, mulattoes, or other
persons of color from immigrating to this State, or fiom be-
ing discharged from on board any vessel in any of the ports
of Florida.' And nothing contained in the same, in sub-
stance or principle, shall be inserted in place thereof, or ill
any other parts of said constitution As soon as the altera-
tions herein required shall have been made, and proof there-
ol laid before the President of the United States, he shall an-
nounce the same by proclamation, and thereupon, and with
out any further proceedings on the part of Congress, the ad-
mission of said State of Florida into the Union as one of the
United States of Ameiica shall be considered as complete."
Mr. BAYLY, after a few introductory remarks,
asked what was the proposition before the commit-
tee, and whencc did it come? There was in the. 14th
article of the constitution of Florida a provision
(which he read) which took from the general as-
sembly of Florida the power to pass laws for the
emancipation of slaves, and prohibited the immigra-
tion of free blacksi Now lie had always understood
that it was universally admitted in this country—by
the republican party at least—that the people of
every State had the right to form their own govern-
ment, and to model their own constitution so as
to suit their own interests and views, without the
the interference or dictation of any person what-
ever. But here came a proposition from the ex-
treme northern portion of this Union to remodel
the form of government which the people of Florida
had adopted for themselves—a proposition which,
on its very face, assumed that the people of Florida
were not able to judge what form of constitution
was best adapted for them. No; but they must bo
indebted for its provisions to the wisdom of the
gentleman from Maine. Yes, a gentleman, too,
who was not very remarkable for his statesmanship.
A gentleman from the extreme northeastern part of
Maine undertook to say—
Mr. ADAMS interposed, and called the gentle-
man from Virginia to order.
The CHAIRMAN desired the gentleman from
Massachusetts to state his point of order.
Mr. ADAMS said lie objected to the reflection
which the gentleman from Virginia had made on the
gentleman from Maine; that remark was entirely
out of order, and he called upon the Chair to keep
order in that respect; it was the duty of the Chair to
do so.
Mr. WELLER conceived that if was not out of
order to say that a man was not distinguished for
his statesmanship.
Mr. ADAMS said he would not use such lan-
guage to the gentleman from Ohio, and he apprehend-
ed that gentleman would deem it an insult, if it
were applied to himself.
Mr. WELLER said he doubted if the expres-
sion would not apply to many gentlemen on that
floor—to the gentleman from Massachusetts even.
The CHAIRMAN made some remark, which
was understood to be an intimation to the gentleman
from Virginia, that his remark was not in order.
Mr. BAYLY said he was not in the habit of be-
ing discourteous. It did not suit his taste or his
sense of duty; and when ho spoke of the gentleman
from Maine not being distinguished for his states-
manship, he was prompted to do it by the arro-
gance which led a representative from one extreme
portion of the Union to undertake to dictate to the
people of the other the form or system of govern-
ment which they should adopt. But he was sur-
prised that the gentleman from Massachusetts
should object to the use of such language; for no
member on that floor more freely indulged in the
use of epithets and unsparing denunciation. He
would not, however, be diverted from his argu-
ment.
Here, then, was an unblushing attempt made by
a citizen of Maine, who had, probably, never set
his foot on the soil of Florida, by which he under-
took to dictate to the people of Florida what should
be their form of government—a proposition which
he said again was a bold assumption of superiority
on the part of the gentleman from Maine, which
was, to say the least, neither more nor less than un-
qualified arrogance.
But let them look at the provisions of the consti-
tution of Florida, and see what they were; and let
him inquire what it was that had produced a neces-
sity for their appearance in that constitution. The
first provision said that the legislature of Florida
should have no power to emancipate the slaves in
that State. Did it do what the gentleman from
Maine seemed to' suppose it did—put it out of the
power of the people of Florida to emancipate their
slaves, if it suited their views? No such thing. They
knew that the people of every State had the right to
change their constitution whenever they pleased; and
they also knew that every State of the Union, with-
out a solitary exception, had exercised that right;
and so, whenever the people of Florida desired to
change their constitution, it would be competent for
them to do so; and the effect of this provision in the
constitution of Florida would only have the ef-
fect of providing that a temporary body,
annually chosen, should not have the pow-
er of remodeling the social institutions and the
most important institutions of that State. It did no
more than make provision for the prevention of hasty
legislation of the most vital character. Similar pro-
visions had been made in the constitutions of other
States; and some had even provided by an amend-
ment of their constitution against legislation for con-
tracting debts, withoutgoing through the solemn form
of an appeal to the people, such as was required for an
amendment of their constitutions. But when Flori-
da came here asking for admission into the Union,
with a provision in her constitution which provided
that a mere temporary legislature should not have
power to uproot her whole system, the gentleman
from Maine objected. The constitution of Florida,
like other States, might be changed whenever the
people of Florida desired it; and this provision to
winch the gentleman from Maine objected, did no-
thing more than say that it should not be done with-
out the submission of the solemn question to the
people, of an amendment of the constitution. That
was its effect. And now look at the other, which it
was proposed to strike out. It proposed to prevent
the immigration of free negroes; and lie maintained
that the people of Florida had a right to judge of
that question for themselves, though he was of opin-
ion that the provision was unnecessary, for reasons
which lie suited. He said the power of preventing
the immigration of free negroes had been exercised
in several States, slave as well as free. Amongst the
free States, he mentioned that Ohio had exercised
that power; and should Florida have her constitu-
tion mutilated and tampered with because some gen-
tlemen from the extreme East thought they under-
stood what policy she required, and what regulations
were necessary for her, better than the people of
Florida did themselves? Those eastern gentlemen
could sec no danger in the immigration of free ne-
groes, but the people of Florida entertained a dif-
ferent opinion. But why were such provisions
necessary? Why had South Carolina, Alabama,
and Louisiana been compelled to expel from their
borders abolition emissaries of the North? Why,
he again asked, was all this legislation necessary?
The South well knew the reason, and the North
ought to know the reason. This system of legisla-
tion had been forced on them by the traitorous agi-
tations of the abolition question in the North, and
in this House. They had been compelled to do it
for their own security, and the preservation of their
peace, and the quiet of society. They had been
driven to do this by the agitation of gentlemen on a
subject with which they had nothing to do—with
which they themselves declared they had nothing to
do. True, while they were making these declara-
tions, their citizens were, in a most singular man-
ner, giving them the contradiction, for they were
eternally meddling with it; and their eternal agita-
tion of it had forced the southern States to adopt
this sort oflegislation of which they complained, af-
ter they had been the moving cause to it. Why,
there could not even be a proposition brought before
this House from the Indian Committee, in reference
to a private claim, but some gentlemen found out
that it had some connection with slavery, and the
question was immediately brought before the House
for agitation. Gentlemen from the North had told
them again and again that they were for abiding by
the constitution; they said southern rights were
guarantied by the constitution, and they would not
interfere with them; but there was scarcely a north-
ern State that had not passed laws which virtually
repealed provisions of the constitution. Connecti-
cut and New York had put on their statute books
provisions which virtually repealed that provision
of the constitution which guarantied to the southern
States the recapture of these fugitive slaves, and
there they remained, notwithstanding the remon-
stances in the case—at New York, even of her gov-
ernor.
Mr. RATHBUN said the gentleman from Vir-
ginia was mistaken with regard to New York; that
law having been repealed, there was now no such
law on the statute book of New York.
Mr. BAYLY replied that he was better informed
on that subject than the gentleman from New York
himself; and he (Mr. B.) would therefore give that
gentleman-some information in relation to it. Un-
der the administration of Governor Seward that
law was enacted, and it remained until Governor
Bouck succeeded to the governorship, when he pro-
nounced it uneonstitutional; and it had been so de-
clared by the supreme court of New York and of
the United States; but notwithstanding, (and he
would tell the gentleman from New York that he
was not mistaken when he said so,) it was on the
statute book until this hour, unless it had been re-
pealed during this session of the State legislature.
Mr. RATHBUN said he was bound to tell the
gentleman that that law was repealed by the legisla-
ture to which the remonstrance of Governor Bouck
was made.
Mr. BAYLY" resumed. He said he knew he was
not mistaken. He was in the legislature of Virgin-
ia that passed the inspection law, and was chairman
of the committee from which it was reported, and
he knew the facts of the case to be these: In 1843
the Senate of the New York legislature passed a bill
to repeal that law, but it failed in the assembly. At
the subsequent session, on the recommendation of
Gov. Bouck, it passed the lower House, but it was
then lost in the Senate; and on that subject the le-
gislature of New York never did comc up to the
recommendation of the governor of that State. It
was first lost in one House and then in the other;
and thus they played fast and loose, leaving the act
on the statute book to this day. It never had been
repealed—he wished it had—and Virginia had, in
consequence, been compelled to resort to protective
measures against it.
He then made some other observations in relation
to the origin of these acts of legislation by the north-
ern States. He said they were recommended by
the abolition societies of the North, and they took
their cue from the World's Convention, and the
abolitionists of England, into whose hands the aboli-
tionists of the East and the North were thus play-
ing; they were playing, too, into the hand<s oftireat
Britain, whose policy it had been from the begin-
ning to the end to break down this Union, which
was her most formidable rival.
Why was it that this subject was dragged here on
every occasion? Why was this amendment now
offered? The constitution of Florida takes no pow-
er from the people of that State; it only provided
agajjast hasty legislation. The people, when
they pleased to act, could emancipate their
slaves; but that hour would never come in
any of the southern States, as long as this violent
and traitorous agitation was kept up. He knew in
his own State the whole current of public opinion
had been changed. Once there was a large portion
of Virginia in favor of gradual emancipation; but
now there was not a man that dared to avow such a
sentiment. From the county which he represented,
not ten years ago a member voted for gradual eman-
cipation and it was not objected to by his constitu-
ents; but there was no member now who would
dare to give such a vote; for if he did the constit-
uents would seal his fate, and never send him to
represent them again.
Everywhere the effect of this agitation had been
to make the condition of the slave worse. At the
same time that the master was undone, the slave was
made miserable; and all this was done by the pro-
fessed friends of the slaves, who were in fact their
worst enemies as they were regarded by the intelli-
gent slaves of the South. But for mere party pur-
poses—for the purpose of conciliating a few mad
abolitionists who knew nothing about the matter,
gentlemen were content to make the condition of
the slave infinitely worse, and stir up feelings which
ought never to prevail among the different members
of the same community. Such a course of action
being continued, harmony never could remain; and
a state of things would be brought about which
would make the hearts of patriots quail, as the re-
sult of those who, while they professed a love for
