TfPPJ? '
CON&RESSIOflTAI, GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1845.
Volume 14....No. 19.
[Continued from No. 18.]
other branches of expenditure for the support of the
government; but he was fearful that this extreme
reduction would prove but false economy. He
thought the cadets should be supported, as a general
rule, in a manner equal to their style of living at
home, if the institution was to be continued.
Mr. DUNCAN said he would like.to know, be-
fore they progressed further in this bill, what was
the number of cadets at this time, of graduate cadets,
of unoccupied lieutenants, &c. He complained
much of the extravagances and abuses in the army
and navy, and wanted explanation of the aston-
ishing fact of these enormous amounts annually for
the support of so small an army and navy—appro-
priations, which he undertook to say, were double
the appiopnations for the navy and army of Great
Britain, in pioportion to their respective numbers.
Why was it that a reduction had not been made?
They had been attempted time after time by the
democrats, but opposed and prevented by the whigs,
together with n few cork-leg democrats. [Laughter.]
He would now proceed to other things which it
was lawful to speak of in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union—where he liked to speuk,
for the reason that lie could touch upon any subject.
He felt desirous of offering to this bill, or to some
other likely to pass, an amendment appropriating
$5,000 for the purpose of investigating the frauds
in the rccciit election. He was proceeding to dis-
cus the amendment, md to enlarge on the import-
ance of maintaining unimpaired the purity of the
electee franchise; when
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY called him to order, on
the giotmd of irrelevancy of remark to the bill be-
fore them.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of order
thus deciding Mr. Duncan's remarks to be out of
order.
Some conversation ensued on (joints of order.
Mr. KENNEDY withdrew his objection.
Mr. WINTHROP called on the Chair to enforce
his own opinion, by calling the gentleman the order.
Mr. DUNCAN asked the gentleman to define
what his question of order was.
Mr. WINTIIROP declined, and said he would
leave it to the i louse.
Mr. PUiNU.'AN continued. He believed he was
on the subject of the investigation of frauds in elec-
tions. This investigation was going oil by order of
the Henate, and an appropiidtion was made for it;
and if there was any confidence in the justice and
impartiality of this investigation, 110 one would ob-
ject to it. I'm! such was the character of the com-
mission, such was the object for which it was
established, there could be no confidence in it. A
whig Seriate appointing a whig commission would
result in a if port to show democratic frauds; but
they would take care never to report a whig fraud.
We had some knowledge on this subject, and refer-
red to the grossest frauds and forgeries that had
beoti perpetrated in the State of Georgia—one of
which was a forged circular signed by Lord Ash-
b-'i'top, invit'ng the friends of free trade to call at
In? Heuse 111 [\Yw York, and receive what money
they phased. Another circular was sent to the
whig \oti rs, promising to each voter his share of
the proceeds of the public lands to induce him to
vote for Henry Clay, it is by means of such frauds
and foigenes as these that free governments have
fallen. It was the first step towards corruption in
Rome, when men were bubed out of the public crib.
JUr. D. went 011 to explain numerous other frauds
and devices that had been resorted to by the wiiig
party to secure the election of Mr. Clay. He had
never seen any frauds in the democratic party in the
wide extent he had travelled, nor any attempt to de-
vi:c a sjacm of fraud.
The whole energies of the democratic party were
directed to detect and ward off the frauds and slan-
ders of their opponents. He spoke of the system
adopted m Tennessee to break down by slander and
niisrepresanthtion every piominent friend of Col.
Poik; olid instanced the outrageous slander circu-
lated by a minister of the gospel in Tennessee, [Mr.
Erow.ilow,] 011 General Jackson, which originated
with Governor Jones, and which, after the election,
was proved on Governor Jones. If he was wrong
in this statement, he called on some gentleman to
correct him. He knew it only from the public pa-
pers. He spoke of the forged journals misrepre-
senting the votes of Col. Polk on the pension laws,"
and the infamous slander invented against the
grandfather of Col. Polk, when they found they
could say nothing against him. He next spoke
of the frauds and slanders practised in Ohio, one of
which was the monstrous statement in two of the
Cincinnati papers, that James K. Polk was in the
constant habit of branding his negroes with the let-
ters J. K. P. He did not know what remedies
were to be found for such frauds and forgeries, but
he would, at all events, call the attention of the
American people to them. The Roorback and Bir-
ney forgeries were also noticed and commented on,
and he observed that, although the latter was exposed
by Mr. Birney himself, it was done too late to re-
pair the injury it had inflicted. This forgery was
perpetrated by the central whig committee of Ohio,
ana endorsed by the central whig committee of In-
diana. There seemed to be, in a certain portion of
the country, a prostration of everything like moral-
ity and American feeling; and, as an instance of it,
he mentioned a fact that he had witnessed himself,
that, at a whig procession in Ohio, the flag was
carried at the head of the procession by a convict
just from the penitentiary. Judges, lawyers, and
ladies, too, followed in this procession with the
felon who had just come out of the penitentiary.
He referred to the general system of bribery that
had been practised in Indiana and New York, of
which he cited several cases.
lie wanted to give some distinguishing character-
istics of the party opposed to the democratic party.
They were the old firm—the old federal party, un-
der whatever name they might chance to appear
for the time being. They had exhausted the whole
vocabulary; but that they were substantially the
old federal party he proceeded to prove, by tracing
several points of resemblance between the actions
of the two. The first he mentioned was their mode
ot electioneering; and in that, caiicaturing was one
strong mode relied on, the same which had been
practised by the same party in former times, in
slander of Jeflerson*—several of which caricatures 111
his possession he described, and gave notice that he
should publish in his speech. The same mode of
argument they used against measures—against the
annexation ot Texas, as they had used against the
acquisition of Louisiana. He had coffin handbills,
setting forth the victims of General Jackson's bar-
barity, which had also been used by the whigs
against. General Jackson—also caricatures of Mr.
Van Biircu—which he intended to publish in his re-
nn.iks, when he would comment 011 them more at
large.
Mr. D.'s hour having expired—
Mr. WENTWORTH addressed the Chair, and
offered to yield for explanation to Mr. Duncan.
Objections were made to this, and were sustained
by the Chair.
Mr. HARALSON replied to that portion of the
remarks of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Duncan]
which were pertinent to the bill before the commit-
tee, viz.1 in relation to the composition of the mili-
tary academy. It was a little singular that the gen-
tleman should be found objecting to this bill, which
proposed a large reduction in the appropriations for
this academy. He went into a general defence of
the bravery and efficiency of the officers of the
army.
Mr. DUNCAN interposed, and wished to in-
quire of the gentleman if General Scott did not go
into Florida with an army of 14,000 men, and not
kill a single squaw or papoose'
Mr. HARALSON knew not so particularly about
this case; but no party ties or prejudices could pre-
vent him from saying that that officer had always
been found discharging his duties with gallantry
and honor to himself and his country, whenever its
peace and its interests were jeoparded, as his action
at the northern lakes and maiiy other portions of the
country certified.
Mr. DUNCAN propounded several other inqui-
nes, which were replied to by
_ Mr. HARALSON, who then proceeded to exam-
ine and justify the policy of the government in sus-
taining, during a time of peace, a skeleton army,
whose merits he defended with some warmth.
Mr. HARALSON thought this a very inappro-
priate time to attack the army, when many of our
political opponents believed that there was a danger
of war.
Mr. DUNCAN wished the gentleman to inform
him how many officers of the navy were now re-
ceiving pay without rendering any service.
Mr. HARALSON replied that he was not a mem-
ber of the Committee on Naval Affairs, and that
branch of the service did not come under his super-
vision.
Mr. R. SMITH did not rise for the purpose of
making a speech, but could not let this occasion
pass without saying something in regard to this
military academy. He was satisfied that we never
should have an efficient army while, this institution
existed. The appointments of cadets were in most
cases made from the sons of the rich and not of the
poor, and the brave and meritorious soldier-was ef-
fectually cut off from any chance of ever rising in
the army—thus destroyingthe best means of having
an efficient army. No gentleman could contradict
what he said. So far as his observation extended,
nine-tenths of those appointed were the sons of rich
men, or men in high places, who had influence
enough to reach the appointing power; while the
sons of poor men, who had not such influence, were
passed by. The very nature of the institution was
such as to put in the army men who have no mili-
tary spirit or military talents. The young men who
went there obtained good educations—indeed, the
best educations the country could furnish, and were
also paid for being educated. If this system of edu-
cation at the public expense was to be carried out,
let it be done more extensively; let its benefits be
more widely diffused among the States, by appro-
priating to each its share of the money to be ex-
pended for education. He believed that, if this in-
stitution was abolished, and it was generally known
that the government would £ive commissions in the
army to those who have military predilections, and
who would qualify themselves, there would be a
plenty of applicants to fill the ranks of the army.
This system brought many young men in the
army who never intended to remain in it; but who
went to West Point, for the purpose of getting good
educations. Such young men resigned whenever
they found the service arduous and dangerous, as
they did in the time of the Florida war. He did
not intend to make any charge prejudicial to those
officers who resigned their commissions. They
were freemen, and ted a right to do as they pleased,
and the fault was not so much theirs as that of the
system.
He felt alittle sensitive, perhaps, on this subject, in
consequence of the manner in which he and his con-
stituents were treated, when appointments were
made last spring. He had the honor of represent-
ing 011 that floor one of the oldest portions of the
western country, and which was settled as long ago
as Philadelphia. His district was refused an ap-
pointment, while districts which, a few years ago,
were inhabited only by red men, received the ap-
pointments.
Mr. S. explained the grounds on which the Secre-
tary of War decided against his district. He had
nothing to say against the favors shown to the other
distiicts in his State; but he did not believe they
would have encountered the hardships and dangers
which his constituents had, for all the favors that
could be dispensed by this institution. He was
not disposed to leave so important an affair as the
officering our army to the discretion of one man.
He thought a better system should be devised for
making the appointments in so important a branch
of the public service. He had always been opposed
to the West Point Academy, believing it to be
wrong in policy, and mischievous in its effects, and
he trusted m God that he always would be against it.
Mr. S. CARY expressed his objections in the
strongest terms to the West Point Academy. He
believed its effects on the army were to reduce the
privates to the lowest possible scale of degradation.
Every soldier who now enlists was forever debarred
from the possibility of rising to distinction. The
door of promotion was closed against him, and he
