290
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was kept in the army as a mere machine and ser-
vant of the privileged classes who get commissions
through a West Point education.. As an instance
of the little consideration paid to the claims of those
who have the misfortune to be privates in the army,
he -mentiqped the case of an old lady who had
travelled on to Washington during the most inclem-
ent seaaon, to solicit the discharge of her son, who
had been entrapped into an enlistment by one of the
recruiting officers. What was the answer to this
application by the man who, so far as the private
soldier is concerned, has not a drop of warm blood
in his heart? She had no relations in high places in
the army, and no wealthy and influential connec-
tions, and her application was refused. The old lady,
complaining to him of her sad case, said that, if she
had heard of the death of her son, it would not have
grieved lier so much as his present situation. The
idea of his being disgraced and prevented from ever
being of any service to her or himself, was what she
could not bear. And this was too true. What was
the opinion of the country of a discharged soldier?
Why, he was looked upon as a degraded being, and
was as much avoided as if he had been just dis-
charged from the penitentiary. Was that the con-
dition that a soldier should be placed in? No. He
should be regarded as one entitled to the respect of
his fellow-citizens as a defender of his country, and
as one who'might in time rise to the highest offices
in the army. If, 011 the other hand, the door to
promotion was left open to the private soldier, it
would stimulate his exertions, and cause him to
improve himself in his profession, so as to be capa-
ble of filling, with credit to himself and advantage
to his country,, the offices he might be called on to
fill. He would ask if it was consistent with our
democratic institutions to confine the commissions
in the army to a privileged class, and debar the sol-
fliers, no matter how meritorious, from ever rising
in their profession?
Mr. FISH would ask the gentleman if he could
point out any law or usage which prevented pri-
vates in the army from receiving commissions.
Mr. CARY said he would use the Yankee privi-
lege of answering the gentleman's question, by
asking him if he knew of any case where a private
had been promoted.
Mr. FISH said be knew of several.
Mr. CARY said that he never knew of one, though
he had seen a great deal of the army, and lived near a
military garrison for many years. But he would
say to the gentleman that one swallow did not make
a summer; and if the gentleman knew of a lew iso-
lated cases where privates had been promoted, it
did not show that the practice he alluded to did not
exist. It had been said that the miliary academy
was necessary, because, without it, it was impossi-
ble to have officers properly qualified for the various
posts in the army. Now, how did they get sur-
geons for the army and i.avy? They did not edu-
cate them at, the public expei'i >; and yet the ainiy
and navy surgeons were generally equal to any
others of their profession in the country. The edu-
cation of a surgeon was more difficult and more
costly than that necessary to command a company;
and yet there were found a plenty of youne; men,
who, having been educated at the expense of their
parents, were applicants for situations in the army
and navy. Ho believed that if Congress would le-
quire a certain military education for appointments
in the army, and appoint a board of examiners to
ascertain the qualifications of the applicants, as was
the case with regard to army and navy surgeons,
there would be more applications from persons
qnalified at thier own expense than there would be
commissions to bestow. He believed, however,
that resistance to this bill was useless. It was im-
possible to curtail the patronage of this government.
It was daily increasing, and he feared it would be
impossible to arrest its progress. To show that a
military academy was not necessary to educate ofti-
cevs for the army, Mr. C. referred to the British
army as one of the lest disciplined in the world,
though the British government had no such lnstiln-
tion to educate its officers. The commissions m
thi-t service were purchased by the individuals who
obtained them, instead of being paid for accepting
them, as in out scivi^e.
He referred to the tact Uist many of the officers
of the army who had resigned, and rchu< d to do
their duty m the troubles in Florida, hau been taken
vp Since that time, and placed in higher stations.
Cut they were told that we did not know what
was before us; and therefore we must keep upth
military acadcmy, this skeleton army.
come, we would find it a "skeleton army" indeed!
We must rely for national defence on the citizen
soldier, who was thoroughly and practically conver-
sant with men, and the common things of life, with
which'these gentlemen did not deign to familiarize
themselves. What distinguished officers had gradu-
ated in this school? Washington did not. His
friend near him, [General Dodge,] who had done
valiant service in the cause of his country, had not
graduated there. One important element of strength
and enterprise in Bonaparte's army was, that the
doors of promotion were thrown open to all who
merited it; but here the door was closed to all ex-
cept the few who found favor, and, by the aid of
members of Congress, were appointed cadets.
Mr. C. having concluded—
Mr. PARMENTER said, notwithstanding the
repeated objections they had heard raised against
this military academy from year to year, he was not
quite satisfied that it should be abolished; for he be-
lieved great advantages were derived from it. Al-
though many of the cadets might not accomplish
much, still, the one advantage of its affording a uni-
form system of military discipline and tactics—the
influences of which reached the people through the
cadets, who went forth into various sections of the
country—more than compensated for the expendi-
tures for its support. The gentleman referred to
Napoleon's army. Napoleon himself was educated
at a military school, and had found it necessary to
establish military schools in France, which were
considered one of the most important classes of
schools. He noticed and replied to several other
points taken by Mr. Cary.
In reply to the complaint of Mr. Duncan of the
great number of supernumeraries in the navy, he
proceeded to point out several reasons why the num-
ber of officers in the navy could not be reduced to
that number whose services only were necessary at
one time. One of these was that occasional respites
were necessary to enable those to recruit who had
been off in distant sickly regions. Another reason
was the justice of continuing in commission, al-
though they were not all the time in active service,
those who had signalized themselves and honored
their country by past sei vices, lie gin need at some
of the brilliant exploits heretofore pel formed
by our navy, and deprecated the injustice of so
broad-sweeping denunciation of the officers of the.
navy as "epaulettcd loafers," &.c., as they were
styled by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Duncan.]
He acknowledged that the number might be re-
duced, and at the proper time he intended to offer
an amendment for this purpose. As the general
debate seemed likely to arise on this bill, and for
fear of not having another opportunity, he would
briefly give his views on this subject. There were
but two grades in which there was supernumerary
officers, viz. commanders and captains; and there
were other grad-s in which there was a deficiency.
He read a statement of the number to which it
would be consistent to reduce the number of the
officers ill those two grades, and gave notice of
amendments in accordance therewith, which he in-
tended to offer when the bill came up.
Mr. HALE spoke of the institution as an anoma-
ly in our government, and utterly at variance with
our democratic institutions. He considered it
aiistocratic in its tcndcncy, and unworthy of the
patronage of the government. In reference to the
remark of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Fish,] that privates were not excluded from com-
missions in the army, he went on to contend that
they were, in practice, effectually cut off; and fur-
ther, that those citizens who, after having passed
their examinations, were notified by the Secretary
of War that they would receive commissions as
soon as vacancies occurred, were dismissed without
any proper excuse on the part of the government.
There was no possibility of a private being
promoted. The gulf between a private and
an officer was as impassable as that between
Lazarus and Dives; and the private, instead of
being stimulated to the perfomance of his duty
by the hopes of promotion, was kept down and dis-
regarded by the privileged class which a species of
favoritism placed above him. He recollected the
consternation that was produced in that hall when
the Committee on Accounts reported the defalca-
tions of their clerk to the amount of $30,000 or
■MO 000. It" gentlemen would turn to the report
which was made at the last session on the expendi-
tures of the Florida squadron, these defalcations of
the clerk would, in comparison, sink into utter in-
significance. If any man could look at that report
and see the corruption there displayed, and not blush
for his country, he was much mistaken. Go look
at that report, and then throw open the doors of
your treasury, and tell every man to come in and
load himself till he staggers under the weight, and
he will have but a pittance compared with the pick-
ings and stealings of the Florida war. Mr. H. re-
ferred to a few of the items charged for the use of
the Florida squadron. Irish potatoes were charged
at $5 a barrel, and even an empty barrel was charged
at $5. The barrel, whether full, sr as empty as the
whig promises of 1840, were still charged at $5.
The commander of this squadron, [Lieut. McLaugh-
lin,] who made these extravagant expenditures, in-
stead of receiving any reproof from the then Secre-
tary of the Navy, [Mr. Henshaw,] was actually
paid some five or six thousand dollars m addition for
disbursing all this money.
The sarno man acted both as purser and com-
mander of the squadron. The purser paid out the
money, and the same man, as commander, approved
the expenditure. There was not a shadow of a
check on the most profligate expenditures, and in
this way thousands were squandered. These facts
were astounding; but he was sustained in the state-
ment he had made by the report of the committee,
to which he begged gentlemen to refer. As this
subject ot extravagance in the army and navy had
been brought forward, he had thought it an appro-
priate time to call the attention of the committee to
the subject. He would ask any gentleman to look
at the Navy Register, and read the tale that was
told there. Look at the list of commanders, sixty
of whom were set down as waiting orders;
that is, they were paid something like $150,000_a
year for doing nothing. Why, there were men in
his section of the country who would do this for
half tho money. He entreated the committee on
Naval Affairs not to push this bill through. It
was better there should be no appropriation made,
until a system of accountability was introduced. He
had nothing to say against the officers of the navy.
They were not so bad as the system itself made them.
There was no use in bringing an officer to a court
martial, for those by whom he was to be. tried were
inteicstcd in the very abuses for which he might be
arraigned. He knew that it was the prevailing
sentiment among the officers of the navy, that
they were too strong to be touched. He wished
gentlemen would refer back to the expenditures of
the navy for twenty or thirty years, to see how they
were annually increasing. In the time when we
had a war on our hands with one of the most pow-
erful of the nations of the earth, the annual expend-
itures -for the navy were about four millions; but,
in 3840, in a time of perfect peace, they were ten
millions; and ten millions weie asked for now.
Mr. ISAAC E. MORSE did not believe that this
House would, with its eyes open, cut off one of the
most useful establishments of the country; but he could
not hear the remarks that had been made, without
endeavoring to expel some of the delusions that ex-
isted in regard to the army and navy. So many
charges had been made of corruption and loaferism
in the navy, that there weie some who believed that
they really existed; and he had been asked by intel-
ligent men, if it was a fact that ten millions a year
were asked for for the navy. He had listened to
the remarks of the gentlemen from Ohio and New
Hampshire, to see if he could hear any charge made
against them that rested on any foundation; and from
the most accurate attention to what they said, he
was convinced that nothing- that fiad been advanced
by them %vas anything more than mere denunciation.
Mr. M. then went into a defence of the army gen-
erally, and contended that the institution of West
Point was necessary to educate men for the army,
for, without it, they would not get men who were
qualified.
Admitting that the selections of cadets were just-
ly obnoxious to the complaints that were made
against them, (which, however, he not believe) be
contended that this evil was necessarily consequent
in some degree upon any mode of selection. Abuses,
if they existed in this establishment, should be cor-
rected; but were no sufficient ground for destroying
it altogether. France had her Polytechnic school;
England and all civilized countries had their military
schools. Young men who weie destined for the
legal and the other professions, were put through
a course of training and education; why should not
those who were destined for the military profession,
and to whose hands was committed the defence of
the country, receive the same advantages? But a
small proportion of the cadets who entered the
