CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£93
After some conversation, the bill was referred to '
the Committee of the whole on the state of the II
Union, and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
On motion of Mr. YANCE, the rules were sus-
pended for half an hour for the reception of such
reports of committees as did not give rise to de-
bate.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported a resolution providing that hereaf-
ter the clerk shall not be required to cause any of
the reports of the committees, except the Committee
of Claims, which have been printed by the order of
the House, to be recorded, or in any way placed on
record in the committee rooms.
Mr. McK. explained that the object of the resolu-
tion was to dispense with some of the clerks, by sa-
ving the writing of reports which were ordered to be
printed.
Debate arising, the resolution lies over.
DEFAULT OP PAYMENT BY STATES.
Mr. McKAY, from the same committee, reported
a joint resolution directing the Secretary of the
Treasury, whenever any State shall have been, or
may be, in default for the payment of interest or
Erincipal on investments in its stock or bonds held
y the United States, in trust, to retain the whole,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, of the per
centage to which such State may be entitled to the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands within its
limits, and to apply the same to the payment of
said interest or principal, or to the reimbursement
of any sums of money expended by the United
States for that purpose.
FOURTH INSTALMENT.
Mr. STEWART moved the following amend-
ment:
And the Si-crotary of the Treasury bo, and lie is hereby,
directed to paj to the several States, agreeably to the j jo-
visions of the act ol the \M<1 of lime, tlie amount of
the fourth instalment, vi/: {V), (the payment oi
which was postponed for want of funds,) on the lirst day of
July next, il the ampins at that time shall be sufficient to
pay the same, if not, then so much as shall then be on hand,
anil the remainder of the said fourth instalment the said Sec-
retary is hereby directed to pay as aforesaid whenever
there shall be a surplus sufficient to pay the same, after
lirst discharging the whole of the debt of the United States
then redeemable.
The SPEAKER, ruled the amendment out of or-
der.
Debate arising thereon by Mr. HARDIN, who
objected lo the resolution 011 the ground that it re-
tained school moneys, and by others, the resolution
lies over.
Mr. VANCE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported bills of the following titles:
A bill for the relief of Samuel D. Enochs.
A bill for the relief of John Carr, John Batty, and
Samuel Stevenson.
A bill for the relief of Geo. D. Spencer.
All which bills, with the accompanying report,
were laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. V. also made unfavorable reports in the ca-
ses of Jeremiah Smith, jr., Thomus J. Wright,
John Francis, Charles Devall, and Teacle Savage, ad-
ministrator of Bolitha Laws; all which were laid on
the table.
Also, the bill for the relief of P. M. Irish, with an
adverse report; which were laid on the table.
Mr. T. SMITH, from the same committee, re-
ported bills for the relief of Peter Spaver and of
James Macaboy: referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PHCEN1X, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back, with amendments, the bill
from the Senate to allow drawback on goods ex-
ported in original packages to Chihuahua and San-
ta Fe, Mexico. The bill and amendments were or-
dered to be printed, and lie on the table.
NEW LAND DISTRICT IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. McCLERNAND, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which had been referred the bill
from the Senate entitled "An act to organize a new
land district in the southern part of Arkansas," re-
ported the same, without amendment; and,
On motion of Mr. McC., the same was put on its
passage, and read the third time, and passed.
Mr. J. A. WRIGHT, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Mary Ann Brunner,
of Butler county, Indiana; which was twice read,
and referred.
Mr. A. KENNEDY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which was referred
the joint resolution from the Senate for the relief of
Seth M. Leavenworth, made a favorable report
thereon; and the same was referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. R. SMITH, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Christian Orendorf; which was read twice, referred
to the Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. D. P. KING, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, moved that leave be given to
Robert Wilinot to withdraw his petition and papers:
agreed to.
Mr. CLINTON, from the Committee on Public
Expenditures, to which was referred the memorial
of Lieutenant John T. McLaughlin, of the United
States navy, made a report thereon, which was laid
over, on notice of debate.
Mr. SLIDELL, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of A. B.
McMillon; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. S., from the same committee, to which had
been referred the bill from the Senate for the relief
of the heirs of Charles Fisher, reported the same
without amendment: referred to the Committee of
the Whole House.
Mr. S., from the same committee, to which had
been referred the petition of Charles Chappell, made
an adverse report thereon.
Mr. McCONNELL, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to which had been referred the bill
from the Senate for the relief of William C. Easton,
reported the same without amendment: referred to
the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. COLES, from the Committee 011 Military
Affairs, to which had been referred the bill from the
Senate to provide for the organization of a corps of
sappers and miners, made a report on the same; and
it was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. 1RVIN, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, to which had been referred the bill No. 52
from the Senate for the relief of Joshua Shaw, re-
ported the same, with amendments: referred to the
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. IRVIN, from the same committee, made an
adverse report oil the memorial of Dejah Blown;
and the committee was discharged from the further
consideration thereof.
Mr. BARNARD moved to confine the reports of
the committees to such reports as would not give
rise, to debute: agreed to.
On motion of Mr. PARMENTER, the Commit-
tee 011 Naval Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of a number of petitions and memori-
als that had been refoired to said committee.
Mr. PARMENTER moved that the Committee,
on Naval Affairs be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of the mechanics of the
Washington navy-yard, asking to be paid for the
time they lost last winter: agreed to; and,
O11 motion of Mr. J. P. KENNEDY, said memo-
rial was recommitted to said committee, with in-
structions to report the facts to the House.
Mr. MURPIIY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of James H. Clark; which was read
twice, and referred.
O11 motion of Mr. MURPHY, the said committee
was discharged from the further consideration of the
petition of passed assistant surgeon Charles F. Gml-
lou; and,
On motion of Mr. J. P. KENNEDY, the same
was recommitted to said committee, with instruc-
tions to report the facts to the House.
On motion of Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR, the Com-
mittee 011 Revolutionary Pensions was discharged
from the further consideration of a number of peti-
tions and memorials that were referred to said com-
mittee.
Mr. IIERRICK, from the Committee 011 Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported bills for the relief of Pat-
rick Mas tor, Lemuel Moody, and Peter Wilson;
which were read a lirst and second time, and refer-
red to the Committee of the Whole House, and or-
dered to be printed.
MODELS OP PATENTS.
Mr. RUSSELL, from the Committee on Patents,
reported a joint resolution for the publishing the
models of patents: referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, made a report with reference
to the ventilation of the hall of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Also a report on the subject of a letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, asking additional build-
ings for his department; both which were laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. BURKE, the Committee on
the Library were discharged from the further con-
sideration of sundry memorials.
ACCEPTANCE OF OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT
AND VICE PRESIDENT ELECT.
Mr. BURKE made the following report:
The joint committee appointed by the Senate and
House'of Representatives to wait upon and inform
the Hon. James K. Polk, of Tennessee, of his elec-
tion to the office of President of the United States,
for the term of four years from and after the 3d day
of March, 1845; and also to wait upon and inform
the Hon. George M. Dallas, of Pennsylvania of
his election to the office of Vice President of the
United States for the same term, report:
That they have attended to the duty assigned
them; and that
The President elect, in signifying his acceptance
of the office to which he had been chosen by the
people, expressed his deep sense of gratitude to
them for the confidence which they had reposed in
him, and requested us to convey to our respective
Houses of Congress assurances that, in executing
the responsible duties which would devolve upon
him, it would be his anxious desire to maintain the
honor and promote the welfare of his country. And
that . .
The Vice President elect, in signifying his accept-
ance of the office to which he had been chosen 0y
the people, expressed his profound gratitude to
them, and declared that, drawn unexpectedly by
the generous suffrages of his fellow-citizens from
the shades Of private life into the full glare of of-
ficial station, it was difficult to repiess the aolicity.de
that he might not be equal to the exigeucies ot so
sudden a change; but that, swayed by an ardoot de-
votion to the "high honor, true intra est, and last
union of the American States, he would enter witn^
zeal upon the duties assigned to him, ill the hope OS
at least partially realizing the expectations 0: those
by whose confidence he had been honored.
On motion of Mr. B'jRIvE,
0|Th.it the icpoit In entfu'i! at large o". the.,oiir-
n.il ol'tiu1 House, and that itbe piouctl.
NATIONAL INSTITUTE.
Mr. BARNARD, from the Select Committee on
the National Institute, made a report, accompanied
by a bill in relation to the collections and deposits
of the National Institute for the Promotion ol"
Science: referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
SKY-ROCKETS, &C.
Mr. THOMAS II. SEYMOUR, from the select
committee on this subject, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Alvin C. Goell, and for other pniposes- read
twice, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAUNDERS, fiom the Committee 011 the
Judiciary, reported a bill to extend the provisions of
the act of 31st May, 1844, amendatory of the judi-
ciary act ofSeptember, 1789.
Mr. S. asked that the bill bo put 011 its passage.
He sent to the Cleik's table, where it was re<.d, a
letter from the Sectretury of the Treasury showing
the importance of this bill.
The bill was read a fust and second time, ordered
to be engrossed, read a thud time and passed.
Mr. PARMENTER, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill to amend the act to
provide fin the enlistment of boys in the naval ser-
vice, and to extend the terms of enlistment of rea-
mer*.
Mr. P. expl dred the object of the bill.
The bill was road three times and passed.
Mr. CULLOM, ftom the Conini ttee on liiv-od
Pensions, reported a biii granting a pension to Jai-.e-s
Davidson; which was twice lead, referred to the
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. STILES, from the Committee on the Pos
Office and Post Roads, reported a joint lesolution
for the relief of J. B. Stokes, surviving partnpr of
Stockton & Stokes: refeired to the Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
On motion ofMr. J. P. KENNEDY, the Commit-
tee on Commerce was discharged from the further
consideration of sundry memorials.
