296
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfc.
-1
dered to be printed) en. the petition of John Bald-
win, praying indemnity for losses sustained in Mex-
ico.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian Af-
f airs, reported a bill for the benefit of the Stock-
bridge nation of Indians; which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the Committee on
Naval Affairs was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the memorial of the officers and crew
of the United States frigate Cumberland, praying
for the abolition of the spirit portion of the navy
ration; and the petition of Mary McNelly, for a re-
newal of her pension.
The committee was discharged from this case on
the ground that it was already provided for in a
general bill, which had passed the Senate.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Pensions, re-
ported back, without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill from the House
granting a pension to John E Wright.
On motion by Mr. FAIRFIELD, it was
Resolved, That the Tresident be requested to inform the
Senate, if not incompatible with the public interest, what
measures, if any, have been taken by the government of
the United States to obtain repress from the British govern-
ment for the illegal capture of the fishing schooner Argus
of Portland, and other American vessels engaged in the
fisheries, under a pretended infraction of the convention of
the 20th October, 1838.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported back, without amendment, and ad-
versely to its passage, the bill granting a pension to
Susannah Scott, the widow of William Scott. The
report was ordered to be printed.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. John-
son on Saturday last, was considered and agreed to,
viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the Senate of the reasons which have
prevented him Irom communicating copies of the corres-
pondence, evidence, and papers, on file in the State Depart-
ment, in the case of the owners of the brig General Arm-
strong, called for by their resolution ot the Sth ultimo.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, and the bill amendatory
of the act making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of government for the year
1839, was taken up for consideration, as m commit-
tee of the whole, on an amendment of the Committee
on Finance. The amendment being agreed to, the
bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered to be
engrossed as amended, and read a third time.
The previous orders were further postponed, and
the bill authorizing the South Carolina Railroad
company to import, free of duty, the necessary ma-
chinery and pipe to construct one mile of an atmos-
pheric railroad, was taken up, as in committee of
the whole, for consideration.
Mr. STURGEON objected to the passage of the
bill. He wished to know under what peculiar cir-
cumstances this iron is to be imported.
Mr. EVANS expressed the hope that no objec-
tion would be interposed to the passage of this bill.
All the information he had was already well known;
that was, that there was a new invention in Eng-
land making an application of the atmosphere as a
propelling power. It was, no doubt, an experiment
so tested as to answer exceedingly well for a short
distance. Its application to a long line was not well
settled. The pipe and machinery could not be made
here; nor could it in England, except by the invent-
or himself. The committee thought that it would
be an object to introduce the invention here, which
would be for the benefit of the Pennsylvania iron
manufacturers. They would thereby become ac-
quainted with the mannerof making the pipes, and
furnishing them, if there should be any further de-
mand in the country for them. The object for bring-
ing the pipe and machinery into the country is this:
The South Carolina Railroad company have a grade
to overcome of a mile in extent by stationary pow-
er. it was supposed, from the information re-
ceived, that the atmosphere could be appl ed by
them with great advantage, instead of the stationary
machinery The amount of duties was not very
great; and the company would be at considerable
expense for sending an agent abroad. If the pipe
was successfully introduced into the coantiy, it
would, no doubt, be a benefit to the manufactiuers
^ftlr. STURGEON remarked that he did not like
any innovation to be made on the tariff. If that
law was altered at all, the alterations should be
general in their character, and not partial. ,
The lull was reported to the Senate, and ordered
Iq be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to take up the bill granting
to the county of Wyaxidott, in the State -of Ohio,
certain lots in the town of Sanduskyj which motion
was disagreed to.
The following resolution submitted by Mr.
Breese on Saturday, was taken up, and agreed
to, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States lie re-
quested to inform the Senate what quantity of the public
lands have been reserved from sale in the State of Illinois
as "mineral lands" south of the base line and west of the
third principal meridian in said State, specifying particular-
ly the sections and parts of • sections so reserved, with the
township and range in which the sameare situate, and in
what year the same were reserved, and by what act of Con-
gress.
The following resolution submitted by Mr.
"VVoobridge on Saturday, was taken up, and agreed
to, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury communi-
cate to the Senate such information as may remain in the
General Land Office, or the Treasury Department, concern-
in? the "errors and frauds''m the surveys of the public
lands in Michigan, in townships north and west of Sanga-
mon bay—alluded to in the last annual report of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Oftice. That he transmit to
the Senate copies of 5>uch memorial, resolution, or legisla-
tive act of the legislature of Michigan on the same subject,
as may remain in the General Land Office. That he cause
the Senate to be informed what progress may have been
made in correcting those errors und frauds, or m resurvey-
ing the lands in question; and that he communicate to the
Senate an estimate of the probable expense of completing
those corrections or resurveys.
Resolved further, That the said secretary inform the Sen-
ate, on or before the first day of the next session, of the prog-
ress made in correcting the errors and completing the re-
turns of the survey of township 1 south, range 7 east, in
the same State, and an estimate of the damages sustained
(if any) by individual purchasers of lands within said town-
ship by reason of such errors of surveys or false or imper-
fect returns of such survey; and
Resolved further. That the said secretary inform the Sen-
ate whether, from the character of the country, or irom diffi-
culty of access, there be any portion of the public lands
along the border-? of Lake Huron, or elsewhere in the State
of Michigan for the survey of which the rate of compensa-
tion affixed by law is inadequate, and what addition to such
rate, of compensation in his opinion may bo requisite.
The act from the House extending the judiciary
acts, was read twice, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary. . .
The bills from the House making appropriation
for the payment of naval pensions, and the support
of the military academy at West Point, for the year
ending 30th .Tune, 184G, were read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Revo-
tionary Claims, made an adverse leport (which was
ordered to be printed) on the petition of Francis
Sumter, the administrator de bonis non on the estate
of Thomas Sumter, praying the reimbursement of
money advanced by him to the United States duiing
the revolutionary war.
Mr. CHOATE submitted a motion that an addi-
tional number of the abstract of the treaty of China
be printed; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill entitled "An act
to provide for the satisfaction of claims of certain
American citizens for spoliations committed by the
French prior to 1800."
The question being, "Sha'I the bill pass
Mr MeDUFFIE very much regretted that the
Senate was called upon to act upon a bill of such
magnitude as this without having ample time to dis-
cuss its merits. He said it had passed to its present
stage through the Senate very rapidly, without even
any discussion at all, except the speech of the sena-
tor from Massachusetts [Mr. Choate] m its sup-
port, which he understood (as he did not hear it)
was a very able argument in favor of the claims.
He stated this not for the purpose of making com-
plaint, but as his apology for presenting, at that
stage of the proceeding, an argument against the
blMr. McD. then alluded to the history of the
claims, which originated nearly half a century ago,
in consequence of spoliations committed by
French prior to 1800; and, so far as there was any
responsibility on the part of the government to sat-
isfy them, were rejected forty-three years ago. 1 lie
first application to Congress, he believed, was mane
in 1802 though the number of applicants could not
be ascertained, as all the petitions successively pre-
sented had been withdrawn by the . Caiman s. hie
inferred, from a petition presented m 1807, that the
number of claimants was not more than ten or ni-
teen The number in 1802 was probably not much
larger. The next application for indemnity was
made in 1818 to the House of Representatives. It
was submitted to a committee of which Mr. Roberts,
of Pennsylvania, was chairman, who made an ad-
verse report upon it. Another application was made
m 1822 by a few individuals, and referred to a com-
mittee of which Mr. Russell, of Rhode Island, was
chairman, who also made a report unfavorable to
the claimants. Again, in 1824, the claims were re-
ferred to a committee of the other House, of which
Mr. Forsyth, of Georgia, was chairman, who made
an adverse report upon them. So that all the re-
ports and all the decisions of Congress, prior to
1827, were adverse to the claimants, except a report
made by Mr. Mangum, of Worth Carolina, who
expressed the opinion that government was bound
to satisfy the -claims, but upon grounds no
one would maintain at this day. So far as
he (Mr. McDuffif.) had any knowledge,
the decisions of the Senate had been unfavorable to
the claimants. Mr. McD. then Went into a history
of the origin of these claims, the circumstances under
which the spoliations were committed, the proceed-
ings of the two governments—France and England
—concerning them, with the view to show that the
Unites States was not bound in justice, or by the
application of the principles of the law of nations, to
satisfy them.
Before he had concluded, the hour for proceeding to
the order of the day had arrived, and the bill was
laid aside for to-day.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the joint resolution from the
House for the admission of the State of Texas into
theUnion—the question pending being the motion
of Mr. Archer for its indefinite postponement.
Mr. WOODBURY, being entitled to the floor,
addressed the Senate for about two hours.
He said he regretted extremely that, under exist-
ing circumstances, the resolution before the Senate
had been opposed with such earnestness by the re-
port from the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
also by the two able speeches of the senators from
Kentucky and Virginia, [Messrs. Morkuead and
Rivus.] This feeling of opposition arose, in a great
measure, in relation to the mode of annexation
adopted by the other House as to this great na-
tional question; but it was not his purpose to im-
pugn the motives of those who differed from him ill
opinion; he should only deal with their arguments.
That this resolution had passed by a decided ma-
jority in the other House, after there had been a
virtual appeal to the people of this country in rela-
tion to the subject-matter of the resolution, and after
those who came fresh from the people had decided
upon the propriety of adopting it; that it is as-
sailed, under these circumstances, as not merely un-
constitutional, but inexpedient,—was, he confessed, a
circumstance well calculated to create surprise. Let
him not bo misunderstood by any gentleman on the
other side, in what he now suid, as admitting that he,
(Mi.W.,) or any with whom lie was associated,
if it should be proved that this measure was uncon-
stitutional or inexpedient, stood here to carry out
this measure, in the language of those two senators
who had lately addressed the Senate, as a high-
handed measure of party supremacy. On the con-
trary, those with whom he [Mr. Woodbury] was
associated were equally opposed with himself to
any violation of the constitution, and as this resolu-
tion would conform to that constitution or not, so
they would support it or oppose it. And let it not
be understood either, as was intimated in the report
of the Committee on Foreign Relations, that this
was an attempt to appropriate to ourselves the
lands of a weak and unoffending neighbor, without
its consent, by a sort of piratical seizure upon then-
property. No such attempt was contemplated by
any of the friends of the measure. It could not be;
and yet it was charged against them, that, by a tem-
porary, fleeting majority, and a few resolves from the
House of Representatives, they were determined to
carry the measure, if possible, whether inexpedient
or unconstitutional.
He repelled all such inferences—ail such imputa-
tions. He yielded to no one in courtesy as to the
motives of gentlemen on the other side: he charged
none of them with opposing this measure upon par-
ty considerations, nor would he allow any such
motives to be attributed to those on his side of the
House. What! seizing upon the lands of an un-
offending neighbor, because it is weak, when this
resolution merely expresses^ our assent to that
neighbor coming into the Union, and co-operating
