CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£i99
constitution had restrictions in view, all such re-
strictions were finally left oat, and the general pow-
er was given to Congress of admitting new
States? It is said that this is not a legitimate
power, and therefore we ought not to act upon it;
that it usurps a power legitimately belonging to the
executive and Senate—the treaty-making powsr.
He would ask gentlemen where the power is found?
Where do we get the power? Was it not in the
constitution—the same constitution where the judi-
cial and executive powers, as well as the legislative
powers, are given by express grants? The Senate
was a legislative body, yet it was associated with
the treaty-making power, and it had the approval of
nominations. So far, therefore, their action, in
these respects, was the action of a legislative body.
Gentlemen apply by implication restrictions to the
constitution that they would not to an incorporated
charter. They would not say it was a violation of a
charter to admit new partners with additional capi-
tal, increasing the security and augmenting the
wealth of the institution; yet new States, of the
same republican form of government with our own,
brothers and children devoted to our institutions,
and as ready and willing to maintain our liberties as
we are, may not be admitted, lest it would weaken
and undermine our stability, instead of strengthen-
ing and knitting it more firmly together, as it obvi-
ously must do.
Thus it may easily be seen that there is more
speciousness than solidity in the argument that the
treaty-making power instead of Congress ought to
be resorted to in regard to this measure; for, as
we have an express and legitimate power to ac-
complish the object by legislation, it is proper that
power should alone be exercised in the first instance,
as far as it legitimately may go, which is to the full
extent of admitting Texas in the manner proposed
by the joint resolution of the House now under con-
sideration. It is particularly proper, because it is
more safe and more satisfactory. If the country to
be annexed had no legislature to consent, there
would be propriety in leaving the matter to the trea-
ty-making power. But such was not the fact. The
senator from Kentucky seems to think there is ex-
ceeding great danger in this precedent—he was
thrown into the horrors at the bare idea that it might,
however improbable, lead to the admission of for-
eign governments amongst us, of different tongues,
religion, institutions, and habits, entirely inimical to
our freedom.
Is there no security m our constitution against all
this? Did the fathers of that sacred instrument
think there was more security from these horrors,
by placing the power of acting in regard to it in
the hands of the President ana Senate, than in the
united hands of the President, Senate, and House
of Representatives—in compound legislative depart-
ment' When they gave the treaty-making power
to the executive and Senate, the two-thirds major-
ity in this body was only four; and was it likely
that they thought these four safer than a majority
of both Houses? The idea carried absurdity on
the face of it. But the whole thing grows out of
imagining impossibilities. In the first place, it was
impossible for any other than a republican govern-
ment, modeled upon our own principles, to be ad-
mitted constitutionally. In the next place, it is only
a country peopled with our own people, educated in
our principles of self-government, devoted to our
institutions, speaking our own language, and con-
nected with us by blood and social ties—such a coun-
try and people as those of Texas—that would seek
admission into our Union, or that we would consent
to admit.
What has been our course heretofore? Have we
been admitting either monarchies or savage nations
into our Union? Prom what quarter of the world
have we admitted pagans to participation in our
confederation? During the half century of our exist-
ence there has been no such admission. When
Louisiana was acquired we did not admit Prance to
our Union; nor aid we Spain when we acquired
Florida. But, it is said, we propose admitting, with
Texas, its government. Certainly we do; and there
is good reason for it. Texas comes in with one
hundred thousand of our brothers, children, and
friends; our own race; our own people, who have
fought with us against tyranny ana oppression; who
have set the splendid example, as well as ourselves,
of contending successfully for public liberty and
free institutions; who come amongst us, and amal-
gamate with us, without requiring the alteration of a
single guaranty of our national stability; but, on the
contrary, increasing our ability to maintain our emi-
nence among the nations of the earth.
It has been said that it is a proposition to give a
preponderance to the South over the Atlantic States.
What had been the result of the acquisition of Lou-
isiana, about which the same clamor was raised
pending the negotiation for that acquisition? Did
you not gain but an addition of five degress of lati-
tude to the southern States, while you gain to the
northern States eighteen degrees of latitude? Was
this giving a preponderance to the South? Was it
not quite the reverse? for gentlemen would not deny
that, independently of the disparity between five
degrees of latitude to the South, and eighteen to the
North, the free States increase their population much
faster than the slave States. Talk of danger ! The
danger was altogether on the "other side. He (Mr.
W.) did not say this as the partisan of one section
or another; but he stood here to do justice—even-
handed justice to all, the South as well as the North;
and to abide by the constitution which guaranties
the interests of both.
In the Madison papers he found that, in the con-
vention on the 14th July, 1787, Mr. Gerry, in ref-
lation to the dangers apprehended from western
States was for admitting them on liberal terms, but
not for putting ourselves into their hands. To
guard against these consequences, he thought it ne-
cessary to limit the number of new States to be ad-
mitted into the Union, in such a manner that they
should never be able to outnumber the Atlantic
States. He accordingly moved that the num-
ber of representatives in the first branch of the
States thereafter to be admitted, should never exceed
the number of representatives from the States ac-
ceding to the confederation at the time. Mr. Sher-
man opposed it, considering that in these new States
we were only providing for our children and grand
children, as likely to be their citizens as citizens of
the old States.
Thus it is shown that it was even then foreseen
that, west of the Alleghanies, the descendants of
those forming the confederation would migrate and
spread the republic and its institutions.
But the chief argument on the other side is, that
the admission of foreign territory was not contem-
plated by those who framed the constitution. Now
what were Mr. Madison's own words? "That there
was to be no limit to the republic." Was not the
acquisition of Canada contemplated? Was not the
necessity of securing, by acquisition, the navigation
of the Mississippi contemplated, and the command
of the mouth of that river? Did they never contem-
plate, in all this, the possession of foreign territory?
Disunion is talked of. It is said Louisiana was
brought in by general assent, and we should wait till
Texas can be so acquired too. Now, was not the
admission of Louisiana a subject of debate just as
much as the present measure is. If the gentlemen
who say Texas will be admitted by treaty—for they
admit that is constitutional, and imply that they are
ready to go for that mode of admission—were the
friends of annexation, why did they not vote for the
treaty last session? Why did not the two senators
from Virginia vote for it? They now say they can-
not vote for the House resolution because it is an-
nexation by Congress—a usurpation of power be-
longing to the treaty-making power. There are
only the two modes of accomplishing the annexaton
of Texas: either by treaty or by legislation. Now,
if the senators were opposed to both modes, how
could they maintain that they were the friends of
annexation?
In 1812, we had the first threats of disunion.
He held in his hands the proceedings of the Hart-
ford convention. [Here Mr. W. pointed out
many passages in the report of these proceedings,
showing the nature of the opposition to the admis-
sion of new States.]
Here is a newspaper which was received by the
last mail, containing resolutions passed by the
lower house of the Massachusetts legislature, con-
taining the same docirines held in 1803 and 1812.
He read them as follows:
RESOLVES CONCERNING THE ADMISSION OF
TEXAS.
1. Resolved, That Massachusetts has never delegated the
power to admit into the Union States or Territories without
or beyond the original territory of the States and Terri-
tories belonging to this Union at the adoption of the con-
stitution of the United States; and that, in whatever man-
ner the consent of Massachusetts may have been given or
inferred to the admission of the States already, by general
consent, forming a part of the Union, from such territory,
the admission of such States, in the judgment of Massa-
chusetts, forms no precedent for the admission of Texas,
and can never be interpreted to rest on powers granted in
the constitution.
2. Resolved, That there has hitherto been no precedent of
an admission of a foreign State or foreign territorj- into the
Union by legislation. And as the powers of legislation
granted in the constitution of the United States to Congress,
do not embrace a ease of the admission of a foreign State
or foreign territory, by legislation, into the Union, such an
act of admission would have no binding force whatever on
the people of Massachusetts.
3. Resolved, That the power never having been granted
by the people of Massachusetts, to admit into the Union,
States and Territories not within the same when the con-
stitution was adopted, remains with the people; and can
only be exercised in such way and manner as the people
shall hereafter designate and appoint.
4. Resolved, That the people of Massachusetts will never
consent to use the powers reserved to themselves, to ad-
mit Texas, or any other State or Territory, now without the
Union, on any other basis than the perfect equality of free-
men; and that while slavery or slave representation forms
any part of the claims or conditions of admission, Texas,
with their consent, can never be admitted.
These resolves were adopted in the House of
Representatives on Tuesday last—yeas 188, nays
41.
There was another argument made use of by the
senator from Virginia—namely, that the interests of
the South and southern States would be better se-
cured and more safe in the hands of the President
and two-thirds of the Senate, than in the hands of
a fleeting majority of Congress. Now, as he un-
derstooa the argument, it proved nothing; for the
members of the Senate represented States, and not
population, and a two-thirds majority of States
might represent a minority of population; whereas,
by a majority in the House of Representatives, a
full majority of the people of Union would be rep-
resented, which it certainly would not be denied
was as safe and secure as a two-thirds majority of
States in this body.
But who was it that doubted the fidelity of the
popular branch of Congress to the obligations of the
constitution? Was it from his (Mr. W.'s) side of
House that such doubts came? Who talked of ad-
mitting St. Domingo, Cuba, Patagonia, and the
Celestial Empire? Did any such ideas origi-
nate, or were they even thought of at his
side of the House? But all that he could
pass by. When the violation of the constitution
was so familiarly talked of, it was, however, another
matter, and it became worth while to ask on which
aide did the most danger of that violation exist—on
the side of the advocates or opponents of the annex-
ation of Texas? Which side was it that said the
constitution was a compact of hell, and ought to be
abolished? He held in his hand a newspaper he
had this day received, from which he would read an
cxtr&ct
Mr. EVANS. What paper is it'
Mr. WOODBURY. It is the Liberator—the
highest authority of the opponents of annexation.
Mr. DAYTON. We do not recognise that au-
thority to speak for us.
Mr. WOODBURY. Allow me to read what this
paper—which represents one wing of the opposition
to Texas—says. Talking of Mr. Hubbard's state-
ment, the editor characterizes it as "demonstrating
what we have reiterated so long and so often, that free-
men and slaveholders can never coalesce under t^e
same government, but must be in eternal collision
with each other, and therefore that none but the be-
trayers of liberty will be in favor of striking hands
politically with southern slaveholders, or remaining
with them one hour in any union or compact.
They cere a race of monsters, unique, horribly distinct
from all others, and more unappeasable, as a body, than
hyenas."
These are the people who talk of violating the
constitution by admitting Texas into the Union.
These are the grounds upon which annexation is
opposed. It was very probable they were sincere
in their opinions; and they, no doubt, were entitled
to entertain them if they could come to such con-
victions; but surely they were not the persons enti-
tled to prate about violating the constitution. These
are arguments, however, that should be met prompt-
ly by every friend of the constitution, and doctrines
that ought to be rebuked and put down for the
sake of our Union. As to the mere expression of
opinions, he did not mean to say it should
be put down; for he thanked God this was a coun-
try of liberty; and he would say, if dangerous doc-
tnres were promulgated, let them be put down by
the assertion of overpowering principles of truth
and justice, and not by the sword.
— Gentlemen talk about the stability of our institu-
tions. Has it not been preserved by the exercise
of the constitutional power of enlarging our territo-
