m-i
304
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
constitution,—to be unjust in its effects upon some
of the interests and domestic institutions of the coun-
try, and not within the contemplation or expecta-
tion of the framers of the constitution—he was ut-
terly opposed to it. This question of the power of
Congress to affect this measure, he agreed with gen-
tlemen, was not only first in the order of time, but
he supposed all would concur that, in this stage of
the business, it was the only one upon which in
this body there could be any expectation at ail of
an interchange of opinion.
What was the point of constitutional law at issue?
Whether there was really a grant of power in it, as
had all at once been supposed to have been found
out, which authorizes Congress, by a majority of a
quorum, to unite with this government one State,
or one hundred, all around the world? He could
not think but that, on this question, a large majority
of the Senate might yet be found to concur in opin-
ion with him, that 110 such power was granted to
Congress.
He begged leave to say—what he had desired for
some time to say—that he should not have mani-
fested an impatience so unbecoming to his years
and his position in this body, to obtain the floor,
but for reasons somewhat personal to himself. A
certain gentleman elsewhere had done him the honor
to recollect the subject and matter of a speeeh which
he had delivered in executive session last summer,
and to draw an inference from a passage in that
speech jn favor of these resolutions as they
stand. The process by which an argument of his
bad been made to support this measure was this:
the advocates of annexation, like many of its oppo-
nents, had assumed that this power to unite to this
government any independent foreign nation is
given in some branch or another of the
federal constitution, if they could only find it
out. He repeated what he said then—that this
power was not a power given to one blanch or
another—the legislative or the executive department
of this government, but that it was held by our
masters, the people.
The honoiable Senator from New Hampshire
[Mi. Woodbury] took occasion to say, in the
course of his remarks yesterday, that he stands for
Congress against the executive and Senate. He
(Mr. C ) stood for our masters, the people.
In going on, as he now preferred to do, by at-
tempting to show that this annexation cannot be
consummated by Cong) ess, he did nothing at all
inconsistent with what he had heretofore maintain-
ee. He but tried to complete the tliscussion then
only half completed. He still maintained the same
general principles m the views which he entertained
of this g.eat question.
He would not be permitted—or at least he was
not rcqancd—to travel the whole of the way with
the honorable chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations, or the honorable and able senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Rives,] or his friend from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Moreiieati,] though he considered
them first-rale company. In every word which
they had said in interpreting this particular clause
oftlie constitution which says that "new States may
be admitted by the Congress into the Union," he
concurred with them; and anything he could say
upon the subject would be but repeating the opinions
entertained by them. But he must diverge from
them on a part of the journey. He understood
those gentlemen as assuming the proposition that
the constitution gave us the power to annex Texas
' as a territory—not as a State; but only in the exer-
cise of the treaty-making power.
He must pause for a moment, and begin this dis-
cussion a little farther back. The inquiry suggest-
ed itself to him whether this power belongs to the
federal government at all, or not? or whether it did
not belong to our masters—the people and the States?
If, upon this preliminary and transcendental inquiry,
he should be so unfortunate as not to obtain the as-
sent of a single member of the body, still it would not
alter the yieat constitutional and fundamental posi-
tion whieh'he maintained. It seemed to him the oc-
rjsio.i was a fit one to speculate a little; and as he
had not lately trespassed much on the indulgence of
the Senate, he tiusted it would not be unfit or im-
proper to eppMiiate somewhat m advance upon this
tianscenJenta! question. Has any branch of the
federal government power to annex a foreign nation
to this, or is it a power in hands that never can
abuse it—the p:.,p!e and the States?
NoWj peirnit lutji-to ^uy, in the fust pace, that
the public mind had a little confused ltsell upon this
subject by not steadily keeping in view the real
gist of the question. We found ourselves running
into error in regard to precedents—talking about
Louisiana and Florida; and because they came in
by treaty, Texas must come in by treaty. But this
joint resolution was a proposition to unite two in-
dependent nations—not to annex a portion of the
territory of a foreign nation. Its object was to
admit into the Union an entire foreign nation, pop-
ulation, territory, government, and institutions.
Mr. C. dwelt at great length on this branch of his
argument.
To say that there was, in 1787, any hope in Amer-
ica that Canada would accede to a union with us,
was to assert as great a historical absurdity as to
say that there was any hope or expectation that the
University of Oxford, or the city of London, would
join our confederacy. It might as well be said that
three republics from the Indies, or from three to
fifteen from the Hudson's bay, were expected to join
the Union. He denied that the clause in the fourth
article in the constitution giving the power to Con-
gress of admitting new States into the Union, was
given with the most remote idea of its being ever ap-
plied to anything but domestic territory. It was a
tiling they never could have even dreamed of. He
did not mean to say that they did not contemplate
cases in which, in their intercourse with other na-
tions, it might not be necessary to make changes of
mere border territory; but if even that was
thought of, the treaty-making power was con-
sidered all sufficient to embrace that necessi-
ty. If the idea ever crossed their minds of
giving the power to Congress of annexing
foreign nations to the Union, they would have stated
it in express words; but as no such idea was contem-
plated, they made the grant what it is in the article
regulating the domestic relations of the States then
entering into the confederation. Mr. C. illustrated
his position 011 this point by various references
to the condition of things then existing, the circum-
stances influencing the framers of the constitution,
their jealousies strongly marked against everything
foreign, and then he asked was there a shadow
of probability that they could for a moment contem-
plate the accession to the Union of foreign nations,
or think of conferring a power on Congress so un-
limited as to admit of annexing any or all foreign
nations, no matter how distant or dissimilar? The
mere requisition that they should be republican
governments, was not the sort of security that would
satisfy such men as the framers ofthe constitution. It
would not do to say that every country knocking for
admission with its bible of republicanism under its
arm, could come into the Union. Pretence would not
do, for it could not be known what was in the heart.
Wo union could have been contemplated but that of
our own people and our own territory trained up in
our own republican principles, and familiar from
infancy with our institutions. But a general
rule would admit Pagans, infidels, Patagonian sav-
ages, or Camanche borderers, provided they came
with the scripture of republicanism in their hands as
their passport.
Mr. C. then proposed to review two aspects of
the period at which the constitution was formed;
one, prior to its adoption, which he would call the
view outside the constitution; the other, at the time
of its adoption, which he would call the view of that
instrument as it exists, and as it explains itself.
Cariymg out (his purpose, he made an elaborate
sketch of the powers exercised by the old confede-
ration, which, in many particulars, he maintained,
were much greater than the powers now exercised
by Congress; yet even then, the idea that one State
could exercise any authority to bind another, or
that they could exercise any power which more appro-
priately belonged to the people in theirprimary assem-
blies,never was dreamed of. Hence it was the people
that made the declaration of independence. That
was an act affecting our foreign relations, bound-
daries, alienation; an act the very converse
of accession or annexation of ^ territory; for
it was an act of seveiance—a cutting loose from
foreign connection. It was plain, afterwards, that
in framing the constitution, when the sovereign
power of the people was to be delegated, the grant
was intended to be 111 express terms, such as the
power to declare war, make peace, regulate com-
merce with foreign nations, lay taxes, &e. But no
such power as that of admitting foreign nations in-
to tlie Union was delegated, or it would have been
also explicitly granted. They could not have over-
looked the possibility that the exeiaise of such a
power would, in the event of admitting a more pow-
erful nation, be placing ourselves under the gov-
ernment of that nation, instead of its being placed
under our government. Mr. C. referred to the pro-
ceedings of the convention, and the various propo-
sitions relative to the representation of new States,
with a view of showing that great fears were even
entertained that the western States beyond the AUe-
ghanies would, in time, have the ascendency over
the Atlantic States; and he argued that, if such ap-
prehensions had so much weight, it was impossible
to believe that the extension of this source of jeal-
ousy, which the admission of foreign States would
necessarily cause, could have been contemplated.
Coming to the second review of the period, and
opening the constitution itself, Mr. C.read the grant
of power to admit new States, and inquired whether
any man could believe that if by it was intended
the tremendous power of admitting new States in
any part of the world without limitation as to habits,
customs, language, principles, or anything but the
semblance of republicanism, could be intended with-
out a more precise and explicit definition of the
power to admit foreign governments. Mr. C. dwelt
at very great length on this view of the subjectj and
quotea numerous authorities to prove negatively
that no such vast power was ever imagined by the
framers of the constitution.
He went farther than the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, [Mr. Archer,] or his
colleague in that committee, [Mr. Morehead,] in re-
lation to the power of this government to admit for-
eign territory; for he even denied that it could be
done by any power but the primary sovereign
power of the people themselves m their own pre-
vious capacity, either by agreement to amend the
constitution so as to grant the express power, or
otherwise. He therefore differed from nis friends
from Virginia, [Messrs. Arpher and Rives,] and
from his friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Morehead,]
inasmuch as he denied that it was vested in the
tieaty-making power. It was not, however, a ques-
tion material for him to argue. The tieaty-making
power had been exercised to acquire territory, and
therefore it was no longer necessary to dwell upon
the subject- He, however, vindicated those who
thought with him that this government had no con-
stitutional power to annex Texas to the United
States.
Reverting to the power assumed by the joint res-
olution under discussion of annexing Texas by an
act of Congiess, he concurred fully in all that had
been said on that subject by his friends from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Rives] and from Kentucky, [Mr. More-
head.] They had left only one point untouched
to which he should advert. It was, that until it was
found the treaty of last session had no chance of
passing the Senate, no human being, save one—no
man, woman, or child, in this Union, or out of this
Union, wise or foolish, drunk 01- sober, was ever
heard to breathe one syllable about this power m the
constitution of admitting new States being applica-
ble to the admission of forcgn nations, governments,
or states. With one exception, till ten months ago
no such doctrine was ever heard of, or even enter-
tained. The exception to which he alluded was the
letter of Mr. Macon to Mr. Jefferson, which Mr.
Jcflerson so promptly rebuked that the insinuation
was never again repeated till it was found necessary
ten months ago by some one—he would not say
with Texas scrip in his pocket—but certainly with
Texas annexation very much at heart, brought it
forward into new life, and urged it as the only prop-
er mode of exercising an express grant of the con-
stitution. Mr. C. dwelt at very great length on this
point, and made use of innumerable illustrations to
enforce the arguments he drew from it, that it was a
new anil monstrous heresy on the constitution, got
up, not from any well founded faith in its orthodoxy,
but for the mere purpose of carrying a measure by
a bare majority of Congress, that could not be car-
ried by a "two-thirds majority of the Senate in ac-
cordance with the treaty-making power.
Mr. C. tl cn turned to the general views of the
subject, and argued at great length against the expe-
diency of the measure, even if it was constitutional.
In conclusion—alluding to the quotation read by
the senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Woodbukv]
from the Liberator newspaper—Mr. C. said he
knew as much about Massachusetts as the honora-
ble senator did, and as much about the Liberator;
and he now spoke under a full knowledge of his
responsibility, when he should go home to render
an account of his brief stewardship^ in saying that
Massachusetts asks nothing but what the constitu-
tion has given to her, and that there is nothing in
| the constitution, however peculiar, however differ-
