CONGRESSIONAL GI/OBE
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE^
28th Cong 2d Sess.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1845.
Volume 14....No. 20.
[Continued from No. 19.]
ent from her views of policy, that she will seek to
stir, or ask to be invaded. He would say, keep the
constitution, and the constitution will keep you.
Break into it in search of secret curiosities which you
cannot find there, and there is no longer security—
no longer anything between you and us, and the
unappeasable, unchained spirit of the age.
Mr. HENDERSON next obtained the floor; and,
on his motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 18, 1845.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. PRATT presented resolutions of the legisla-
ture of the State of New York, instructing the sena-
tors and requesting the representatives from that
State to use their best exertions in favor of the pas-'
sage pfthe bill which has recently passed the Sen-
ate reducing the rates of postage.
Mr. P. also presented a memorial of editors and
authors of the city of New York, praying that mag-
azines and periodica] publications generally may be
placed on an equal footing with newspapers with
regard to mail privileges.
PRESIDENTIAL MANSION.
Mr. PRATT moved that the rules be suspended,
that the House might resolve itself into a Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, for the
purpose of taking up the bill to make an appropri-
ation of $90,000 for furni-ihing, painting, mid repair-
ing the presidential mansion.
Mr. HARDIN moved that the bill be taken up
to reduce the rates of postage. He desired to see
if the House was disposed to act upon that subject
at the present session.
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole accoidingly, (Mr. Saundex>< in the chair,)
and the committee took up the bill designated by
Mr. PliAri; and it was read through by the Clerk.
Mr. PRATT, chairman of the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, again called the at-
tention of the House to the proposed appropriation
for furnishing the President's House. This was
the third time that ho had invoked action upon the
subject; and he trusted that the House would no
longer delay in making the customary appropria-
tion. Less than the usual amount has been ex-
pended on the White House during the last four
years; and the necessity for renovating the furni-
ture was never greater than now. Parsimony in
this matter is disgraceful. He was for economizing
as much as any man; but a stoppage or curtailment
of appropriations for keeping the President's House
in proper order for the reception of the people who
choose to visit their chief magistrate, deserves to be
called by some other name than economy, lie had
gone through tke house with persons qualified to
judge; and the estimate for placing it in proper order
was much higher than the proposed appropriation,
(twenty thousand dollars.) Considering the size
of the house, and the many demands oil the
hospitality of the President, surely the amount
asked for could not be considered extaavagant,
seeing that the House wants renovation in a much
greater degree than ever before. He" thought that
many private mansions would be found superior in
furniture to the President's House, even after the
proposed appropriation should be expended for new
furniture; and he trusted that it would not be ne-
cessary to occupy much time in explaining the pro-
priety of an appropriation, the necessity for which
would be evident to every gentleman who chooses
to inspect the apartments of the executive mansion.
Economy, he repeated, is a good thing—a very good
thing. His own experience in life taught him how
to prize it; and he was one of the last men who
wanted to squander the money which was drawn by
taxation from bis fellow-citizens. He thought he
could say for his felloiv-mechanics throughout the
land, that few or none would be found among them
so niggardly as to oppose appropriations for placing
the President's House ui proper order; for there is
a wide difference between economy and meanness
Mr. HENLEY moved to strike out "$20,000"
and insert "$10,000," and he supported his propo-
sition by some remarks, in the course of which he
complained that the expenditures for such purposes
had been too extravagant heretofore, and that there
was too much truth in the stories of extravagance
which had been told. He said our foreign minis-
ters and all the officers of this government were too
extravagantly paid, and the people were aware of it,
and would no longer tolerate it. _
Mr. G. W. JONES, in some remarks which he
made, gave some statistical statements of the
amounts expended on the White House during the
respective administrations of all the Presidents from
the organization of this government, which gave an
average of §20,000 for each four years of each Pres-
ident since 1797, being $5,000 per annum. Now he
held that the salary of the President ($25,000) was
too much money for this government—plain and re-
publican m its character as it is in theory, or pro-
fesses to be—to pay. It was more money than the
services of any mortal man were worth to the peo-
ple; $25,000 would be too great a compensation for
any one man, President though he might be.
If $20,000>were sufficient, though we could not re-
duce his salary, he would do it as far as he could by
opposing this amendment. If it should cost him
$5,000 for furniture, he would still have $20,000,
which was more than any mortal man should receive
from the tax-paying people. He could, at the closc
of his administration, sell the furniture. There
had been great extravagance in this branch of the
government, as he had occasion to know, having
been on a committee to examine it. He referred to
the wornout, rugged condition of the furniture,
which he contended had been procured of too fine
material. Those who knew him here, knew that
his position was not taken on this subject in order to
secure him favor among the people, or from hostility
to the President—feelings the very opposite, of which
he referred to his first vote for him for Congress,
and to other facts, to show—but from an honest con-
viction of the necessity and propriety of reductions,
in which they should commence here.
lie concluded by moving an amendment to the
amendment to strike out the 2d section of the bill.
Mr. DILLINGHAM did not rise to make a
speech of half an hour. He knew nothing of the
science of spoonology. If it were permitted to de-
parted spirits to look back with 'any interest to the
scenes of earth, doubtless the spirit of the gentle-
man who had thrown such a renown around this
science would feel great satisfaction that his mantle
hud fallen on so worthy followers in this House.
The bill was necessary to put the presidential
mansion, which was the people's house, in a condi-
tion not unworthy of' the chief magistrate, or of
this republic itself. He scouted the idea the fur-
nishing of the house should corns out of the Presi-
dent's salary, lest it should be applied by him to
his own aggrandizement. He was expected to re-
ceive his own countrymen, and distinguished men
of other nations, as guests, and it was known that it
generally required nearly all the salary. Pie de-
spised, he was going to say, that small caviling dis-
position that sought to make any man great by such
trifling things as this. That it wanted furnishing,
he had the evidence of his own eyes. Without, it
was a splendid mansion; within, it was—if not full
ofdead men's bones, at least—full of ragged furniture;
there was nothing there that should not be re-model-
ed, and plain, substantial furniture be substituted for
it.
Mr. ABBOTT did not rise to make a speech, but
to state a fact: four or five out of the committee had
reported in favor of this bill. He briefly stated his
willingness to vote whatever appropriation was ne-
cessary to render the house comfortable, but not
beyond what the President's friends themselves
wished.
Mr. HOLMES asked leave to offer an amend-
ment, the reading of which caused some laughter.
The amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. DOUGLASS said if he had been in the chair
while this debate was going on, he should haw
been inclined to rule it out of order for the next
three years. It would do—ihis hue-and-cry—for the
year preceding the presidential election. He had de-
nounced this system of what he considered dema-
goguism in changing extravagance of the White
House before the people in the whig party; and in his
own party he could not sanction it, when he believed
this appropriation so necessary.. There was not a
gentleman's house in this city, or in his district, that
was not furnished better than the President s man-
sion was. "Oh, Lord!" [Laughter] one friend said.
He was not surprised at it. He aid not mean to
sav that there was not a house in his district, the
furniture of which had not cost as much money; but
that they were furnished with chairs in which you
could sit down without fear of falling, with spoons
decent and not worn black, with carpets not full ot
holes, over which there was very imminent danger ot
anv one who walked stumbling his toes and fail-
ing down—the reverse of alj which he said was ths
case in the White House.
Then what availed this hue-and-cry against ex-
travagance in the White House? It was an abuse
to curtail when theie was no necessity for curtail-
ments. If there was to be a reformation, he would
so for having the mansion fitted up in a style corras-
® w«v-.nl\lwvov  mai-itntmrifi! foufct 116
rould
and
decencies of'life. The character of the nation, both
ponding with our republican institutions;
was opposed to the niggardly spirit which would
deny to the presidential mansion the comforts and
. * • _ _ _& i:— AUMM.«A4AI* tliA VIOHnn
at home and abroad, depended, to some extent, on
the manner in which it may be furnished—at least
in having it decently furnished. He had taken
some of his constituents to the WhiteHouse—plain,
economical men—at least as much so as the con-
stituents of the gentleman from Tennessee—and
he had never taken one there who did not reprove
hiM for not voting for appropriations to fit it up in a
suitable manner. We ought, said he, to lay aside
all apprehensions of the political use that may be
made of this appropriation, and do what we think
right. If less than $20,000 would do, why. letfno
more be expended; but he did not believe that
$20,000 would be too much, considering that the
old furniture would have to be removed, and new
furniture substituted in its place. He was satisfied
that his constituents would sustain him in his
course on this occasion, because he could so woll
explain it.
Mr. COBB did not rise for die purpose of detain-
ing the committee with any remarks on this bill.
He had determined to vote for this appropriation,
believing it to be nccessary. His purpose in rising
was to appeal to the committee to put a stop to this
unprofitable debate, so as to turn their attention to
other business, of which there was a great deal yet
to be acted on. He would therefore move that the
committee rise, for the purpose of allowing a reso-
lution to be offered in the House to terminate this
debate within a reasonable time, after again going
into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ROBERTS moved to amend the motion, by
adding; "and that the bill be reported to the House
without amendment.
The CHAIR said that the amendment was not in
order.
The question being put on Mr. Cobb's motion, it
was carried without a division, and the committee
rose.
Mr. COBB then submitted a resolution that all
debate in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union should cease in five minutes after the
House should again resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole, and that the committee should then pro-
ceed to vote on the amendments pending and that
might be offered, after which it should rise and re-
port the bill to the House.
This resolution having been adopted,
On motion by Mr. DROMGOOLE, the Hours#
again resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Saunders, of North
Carolina, in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the bill making appropriations for fur-
nishing the President's House and improving the
groum
is round said House.
Mr. G. W. JONES asked if his amendment to
strike out the first section.was in order.
The CHAIR said that it was not—the question
being on striking out $20,000 and inserting $10,000
in the first section.
The question was then put on striking out $20,-
000 ana inserting $10,000, and rejected.
Mr. Gr. W. JONES moved to strike out the first
section of the bill.
