306
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5 '!"P1
•.rldm. ^ r 5 ? amend the first section' by
S®worH , « e-7?rds twemy thousand dollars"
Z r^-a: PT^. 80 much be necessary;" and
the Chair decided this last motion to be first in or-
der, as it was intended to perfect the bill.
wasagreedfo'he qUestion' Mr' Et,RT's amendment
Mr. HUDSON offered the following amendment:
xbln't!™11"*' ?j^no part of the sum hereby appropriated
shall be expended for wines or intoxicating liquors."
Mr. H. said he offered that amendment, because
he understood that the practice heretofore had been
to furnish the cellar of the President with wines out
oi the appropriations for furniture.
r , • JONES presumed the gentleman
from Massachusetts was mistaken. At all events,
he did not seem to know who was elected Pres-
ident.
Mr* HOLMES rose to a question of order. Wines
could not be considered as furniture; and unless the
gentleman could show that they were, his amend-
ment was out of order.
The CHAIR overruled the point of order, and on
taking the question, Mr. Hudson's amendment was
lost—ayes 6, noes not counted.
Mr. WETHERED offered an amendment pro-
viding that no article of foreign maisufacture should
be paid for out of this appropriation.
The CHAIR said the amendment was out of or-
der, inasmuch as there was a provision in the bill
that the furniture shall be of American manufac-
ture.
Mr. WETHERED then moved to strike out the
words "said furniture shall be of American manu-
facture," and insert the words "provided that no ar-
ticle of foreign manufacture be paid for out of this
appropriation."
On taking the question, this amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. HTJNGERFORD moved to amend the bill
by adding the words, "to be expended under the
direction of the President of the United States."
Several voices "That is the law already."
The question was put on this amendment, and it
was rejected.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR proposed to amend the
bill by striking out in the first section 20,000 and in-
serting 18,000: rejected.
Mr. BURT moved to strike out the provision
that the furniture purchased shall be of American
manufacture. This motion was rejected—ayes 38,
noes 76.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to amend that section by
inserting after the words "American manufacture,"
provided the same can be purchased on as good
terms as the foreign articles. This motion was
agreed to—ayes 50, noes 55.
Mr. ROBERTS moved to amend the bill in the
second section by adding after the words "eight
thousand dollars" the words "if so much be neces-
sary:" carried.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR moved to amend the
same section by striking out the words "$8,000"
and inserting "$9,000."
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY asked if any part of this
„ appropriation was for the purpose of repairing the
buildings.
Mr. PRATT was permitted, by general consent,
to answer the question, and said that this appropri-
ation was intended to be applied to the repairs of
the buildings and fences as well as the improvement
of the grounds.
Mr. SEYMOUR modified his amendment so as
to make the appropriation $4,000 instead of $2,000,
on which tellers were demanded, and Messrs. Mur-
phy and Chilton were appointed; and they report-
ed 47 in the affirmative, 58 in the negative, no quo-
rum voting. Another count was called for, and
taken; and 60 voted m the affirmative, and 62 in the
negative. So the amendment did not prevail.
Some other amendments were proposed and nega-
tived; and the committee rose and reported the bill
to the House.
The first amendment, by which were inserted the
words, "if so much be necessary," was concurred
in.
On the second amendment, by which a proviso
was inserted in these words, "Provided it can be pur-
chased on as good terms as Ihe-foreign article," the
vote was taken by yeas and nays, and resulted thus:
yeas 82, nays 78. So the amendment was concur-
red in.
The amendment adding to the clause appropria-
ting $8,000 for repair of buildings and grounds, the
proviso "if so much be necessary," was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. Gr. W. JONES made ineffectual attempts,
first to amend the bill, and second to recommit it.
Mr. DOUGLASS moved the previous question.
After some conversation on points of order,
The question was taken, and the demand for the
previous question was seconded.
Mr. HAMMETT moved to postpone the bill till
to-morrow.
The SPEAKER ruled it out of order, the pre-
vious question having been ordered.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved to lay the bill on the
table; and, on this motion, asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. PAYNE called for the reading of the bill:
which was read at length.
Mr. RAYNER remarking that many of the Beats
on the democratic side of the House were empty,
moved a call of the House; which was refused.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Jones, and was decided in the negative—yeas
59, nays 81, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arrington, Ashe, Benton, Jas
Black, Blaekwell, Bower, Boyd, Milton Brown, William J.
Brown, Buftington, Burke, Caldwell, Reuben Chapman,
Cullom, Daniel, Gariott Davis, Duncan, Farlee, Ficklin,
trench, Goggm, Byram Green, Grider, Hammett, Henley,
Holmes, Houston, Hudson, James B. Hunt, Perley B. John-
son, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jonep, Andrew Kennedy,
Lumpkin, McConnelJ, McDowell, Mathews, Edward J. Mor-
ris, Joseph Morris, Norris, Payne, Peyton, Pollock, Purdy,
Hitter, Robinson, St. John, Senter, Thomas H. Seymour,
Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B, Smith, Tibbatts,
Tucker, Wheaton, John White, Joseph A. Wright, and
Yost—6^.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atkinson, James A. Black, Bow-
lin, Brencle, Brinkerhoft', Brodhead, Burt, Chilton, Clinton,
Cobb, Coilamer, Dana, Darragh, John W. Davis, Dean, Dil-
lingham, Douglass, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Elmer, Foster,
Fuller, Hannibal Hamlin, Herrick, Hoge, Hubbell, Hunger-
ford, Charles J Ingersoll, lrvin, Jameson, Cave Johnson,
John P. Kennedy, Kirkpatrick, Labrancire, Lucas, Lyon,
McCauslen, Maclay, McClelland, McClernand, McKay,
Newton, Owen, Parmenter, Paterson, Pettit, F.lishatt. Tot-
ter, Emery D. Potter, Pratt, Charles M. Reed, David S.
Reid, Reding, Relfe, Roberts, Rockwell, Russell, Sample,
Saunders, David L Seymour, Simons, Slidell, Robert Smith,
Steenrod, Stetson, Stiles, James W. Stone, Alfred P. Stone,
Strong, Sykes, Taylor, Thompson, Tilden. Vance. Weller,
Wentwotth, Wethered, Benjamin White, Williams, Wood-
ward, and William Wright—81
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The question recurring on the passage of the bill,
Mr. DUNCAN inquired if it would be m order
to move to recommit the bill with instructions.
The SPEAKER replied that it would not.
Mr. McDOWELL inquired if it was not in order,
as sanctioned by parliamentary law, to debate this
question.
The SPEAKER replied that the House had de-
cided that it was not in order to debate the previous
question.
The main question was ordered, and being taken,
resulted thus—yeas 62, nays 70.
YEAS—Messrs Adams, James A. Black, Bowlm, Bien-
gle, Brinkerhofl', Brodhead, Burt, Shepherd Gary, Chappell,
Clinton, Cobb, Cranston, Cross, Dana, John W. Davis,
Dean, Dillingham, Douglass, Dromgoole, Duncan. Ellis,
Elmer, Ficklin, Foster, Fuller, H. Hamlin, Holmes, Hubbell,
Hungerford, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson,
Kirkpatiick, Labianche, Lucas, McCauslen, Maclay, Mc-
Clernand, McKay, Murphy, Owen, Paimenter, Pettit, Eli^ha
R. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Pratt. David S. Reid, Relle,
Roberts, Rockwell, Russell, Saunders, David L. Seymour,
Robert Smith, Stiles, Strong, Sykps, Taylor, Thompson,
Wentworth, Benjamin White, Winthrop, and Woodward
—02.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Airington, Ashe, Barringer,
Belser, Benton, James Black, Bower, Boyd, Milton Brown,
William J. Brown, Burke, Caldwell, Cullom, Daniel, Deber-
ry,Farlee, Florence, French, Goggm, Byram Green, Grider,
Hammett, Henley, Herrick, Hogc, Houston, Hudson, James
B. Hunt, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George
W. Jones, Preston King, Daniel P. King, Lumpkin, Lyon,
McClelland, McConnell, McDowell, Mathews, Edwaid Joy
Morris, Joseph Morris, Noiiis, P^yne, Peyton, Purdy, Ram-
sey, Rathbun, Reding, Ritter, Itobni&on, St. John, Sample,
Senter, T. H. Seymour, Shdell, Thomas Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, Tibbatts, Tucker, Tyler,
Vanco, Weller, Wheaton, John White, Williams, Joseph
A. Wright, and Yost—70.
So the bill was rejected.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the rules were sus-
pended, and the House resolved itself into a Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Saunders of North Carolina in the chair,) and took
up the bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the government for the fiscal
year ending the 30th day of June, 1846, and for
other purposes.
The bill being read, it was taken up by sections
for purposes of amendment.
_ Mr. McKAY mdved to reduce the appropriation
in the first section for pay and mileage of senators
and members of the House of Representatives, and
delegates, from #551,760 to 550,000: carried.
Mr. McKAY moved to amend the 1st section in
the appropriation for compensation of the clerks
and officers of both Houses by striking out #110, so
as to leave the sum appropriated at $29,000: agreed
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved to strike out in
the 23d and 24th lines, being the appropriation for
the purchase of books for the library of Congress,
the words "two thousand five hundred dollars,w and
inserting "five thousand dollars."
After some remarks in favor of the amendment
by Messrs. C. J. INGERSOLL, HOLMES, and
DOUGLASS,
Mr. E. J. MORRIS spoke in its favor. The an-
nual appropriation for the purchase of books for the
library had always been $5,000 until the last year,
when it was cut down one-half. He hoped the
same spirit would not prevail this year, and that re-
trenchment would not oe carried to such an extent
as to reach the library.
t He referred to the vote just taken on rejecting the
bill making appropriations for furnishing the Presi-
dent's mansion, and censured the want of moral
courage which induced the friends of the President
to vote against that bill. When he saw the majori-
ty voting in that way, he was not going to place
himself in a false position before the country by
voting for it, and thereby allow the charge of ex-
travagance to be brought up against him. He
thought the appropriation ought to have been made,
and he would now vote $50,000 to furnish the Presi-
dent's House if the majority had moral couragc
enough to go for it.
Mr. McKAY said that if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania would look at what had already been
appropriated, and what had been asked for, he would
find that there were appropriations of $200,000 for
books alone. They had a library for the use of
members of Congress, and they were called on to
appropriate $115,000 in addition, besides 1,000 that
was asked for for the law library. It was not in
this seat of government alone, and for the library of
Congress, that books were annually purchased.
Congress had its library; the executive departments
had their libraries; every committee-room had its
library: and there was not a national vessel that floated
on the ocean for which a library was not provided at
a cost of $1,000 and more. After all this liberality
in the purchase of books, he thought gentlemen
could with little justice complain of the want of ap-
propriations for the encouragement of literature!
Mr. CHARLES J. INGERSOLL asked if the
gentleman from .North Carolina objected to the pur-
chase of books; if so, he was sorry for it.
Mr. McKAY said he did not object.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he was glad to hear
it. He said at midnight of one of the closing day«
of the last session this appropriation was cut down
one-half, and he hoped it would now be restored.
Books were one of the greatest comforts he enjoyed
here; and if, as the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means had said, every ship had $1,000
worth of books, surely the Congress of the United
States should have $5,000 worth. He voted for the
purchase of Mr. Jefferson's library, which was the
basis of the existing library; and they had gone on
making a collection of valuable books by moderate
additions, which he should vote to continue, for the
credit of the country.
The debate was continued by Messrs. McKAY,
C. J. INGERSOLL, and TUCKER, and then the
amendment was agreed to—64 voting in the affirma-
tive, and 48 in the negative.
Mr. TIBBATTS then submitted an amendment
to come in at the tenth line of Lhe bill, to make an
appropriation for the pay and mileage of Mr. Gog-
gin, while contesting the seat then occupied by Mr.
Gilmer, at the last session.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the tenth line had
been passed, and the committee could not return to
it for the purpose of admitting this amendment.
Mr. TIBBATTS offered the amendment then as
an addition to the pending item to appropriate
$1,000 for the purchase of law books for the library.
The CHAIRMAN decided that it was out of
order, there being an incongruity between the item
and the amendment.
Mr. TIBBATTS appealed from that decision,
Mr. WHITE supported the appeal, and contend-
ed that the decision of the Chair was erroneous.
