308
^vPathe vfl,f " ta,ble °f aftic,eS free and to
3&une 184? 1Uty imPorte(l from the
tion of Mr on mo-
and be rn-Lt a ' Was ,°!"dered t0 '«> on the table
p*tL p n ed" Also>on his motion, 8,000 copies
M r%r °rdered t0 be Printed-
di-rcitfe^ n? p presented a memorial from sun-
thJtcS u °° y' New York' Prayi(ig
wfthT™ t Tyrre- a™exed contemporaneously
the tebfe ' t6S: ordered 10 He
Mr. ATCHISON presented the memorial of the
general assembly of Missouri, remonstrating against
^darPrfSt10n0f theState 0f Florida int0 Union,
instructing: the senators, and request-
ing the representatives from that State to oppose the
unlT,T\ ratification of her constitution,
S 7b8 80 chai)ged as to conform
fter southern boundary to the northern boundary of
M^soun; orfered to he on the table and be printed.
,, DICKINSON presented the resolutions of
e legislature of New York, instructing the sena-
tors and requesting the representatives from that
?. nSe 'i1?1!' i,lfluel1ce to procure the passage
of the bill which had already passed the Senate,
reducing the rates of postage to five cents throughout
1 ^ynlr>ef States: rea(l an<l ordered to be printed.
Mr. BARROW presented a memorial from the
widow of Dr. James R. Putnam, of New Orleans
.Louisiana, praying that the plowing and dredging'
machine, invented by her deceased husband, for the
removal of obstructions or bars in rivers, may be
tested by Congress, with the view of its adoption
lor that purpose by the government.
Mr. B. also introduced, on leave, a joint resolution
authorizing the the Secretary of War to appoint a
committee to test the practicability and value of the
machine invented by and patented to the late Dr.
James Putnam; which was read, and ordered to a
fcecond reading to-morrow.
Mr. CRITfENDEN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of the general assembly of Alabama, in favor of the
establishment of a national foundry in the South; and
the memorial of the corporate authorities of Roches-
ter, ISew York, in favor of an appropriation for the
construction of a fortification at the mouth of the
Genesee river; asked that that committee be dis-
charged from their further consideration, on the
ground that the time which remained of the present
(session of Congress could not afford an opportunity
to the committee to examine either question present-
ed to their consideration in the memorials. In any
event, there was no hope of effecting any thino-
by the action of Congress this session. The com°
mittee was discharged.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, the Commit-
tee on Militaiy Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the resolution of the Senate
directing that committee to inquire into the expe-
diency of increasing the pay and emoluments of
military storekeeps, not stationed m arsenals of
construction. Mr. C. said he inclined to the opin-
ion that the salary of a certain class of the officers
was not what it ought to be. A short time was now
left of the session, and all hope of legislation upon
the subject was vain.
Also reported back, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that they do pass, the House bills enti-
tled "An act to pay Captain John B. Crozier's com-
pany of mounted Tennessee volunteers;" and An act
for the relief John H. Mcintosh."
Mr. MILLER presented a remonstrance from a
number of citizens of Georgetown, against the
passage of the bill altering the corporate limits
of that town: and also a petition in favor of its pas-
sage; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. M. gave notice that he would, to-morrow,
ask leave to introduce a bill f ,r the relief of the cor-
poration of the city of Washington.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back, without amendment, the House bill
making appropriation for the payment of naval pen-
sions; and, with an amendment, the House bill for
for the relief of Harvey and Slagg.
Also, from the same committee, made a report
(which was ordered to be printed,) adverse to the
passage of the bill from the House for the relief of
Joseph Curwen.
Mr. RATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
made an adverse report on the petition of William
W. Buchanan for a pension; winch was ordered to
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be printed.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Claims,
reported back, without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that they do pass, the bill from the
House for th«, relief of the president and directors
of the Dismal Swamp Canal company; for the relief
of John P. Converse; for the relief of Jacob L.
Vance, of Ohio; and for the relief of Charles R.
Alien, of Virginia.
Mr. MERRICK presented a memorial from sun-
dry citizens of Montgomery county, New Yoik
praying that the franking privilege may be abolish-
ed, and the rates of postage reduced to five cents
for letters not weighing more than half an ounce to
any part of the United States: ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. JOHNSON, on leave, introduced a bill sup-
plementary to the act to repeal the act for the better
organization of the district court of the United
otates within the State of Louisiana, and for other
purposes, approved February 13th, 1845; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
HOUR OF MEETING.
The resolution introduced by Mr. Bagby, pro-
vl™1? *^e daily hour of meeting of the Senate
shall be 11 o'clock m future, came up for considera-
tion
Mr. ALLEN moved to amend the resolution, by
striking out 11 o'clock, and inserting 10 o'clock. He
said they were near the end of the session, and he
thought the Senate should meet at 10 o'clock, if it
was intended that the several important measures
pending: should be acted upon.
Mr. BERRIEN expressed the hope that the res-
olution would be permitted to pass in the form in
which it wan submitted; if the amendment prevailed,
it would deprive the committees of all opportunity
to atend to the business before them.
Mr. ALLEN demanded the yeas and nays on the
motion; which being ordered and taken, resulted—
yeas 22, nays 21, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Ben-
ton, Breese, Buchanan. Colquitt, Dickinson, Dix, I<airfield
Hannegan, Huger, McDuftie, Memck, Niles, Semple
Sevier, Stuigeon, Tappan, "VValkei, diuUVoodury-23.
^ NAYS—• Me^rs Aicher, Banow, Bates, Semen, Cboate,
Clayton, Crittenden, Poster, Fianci.s. Huntington, Jai nagm,
Johnson, Mangum, Miller, Moichead, Phelps, Porter, Sim-
mons, Upham, White, and Woodbiidge—21.
The question recurring on the lesolution as
amended, it was taken by yeas and nays, and result-
ed iri the affirmative—yeas 26, nays 20, as fol-
lows: [
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag- 1
by, Benton, Breese, Buchanan, Colquitt, Dickinson, f>ix,
Fairfield, Foster, Hannegan, Huger, Lewi?, McDuffie
Merrick, Niles, Semple, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walk-
er, White, and Woodbury—26.
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Banow, Bates, Berrien, Choate,
Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton, Francis, Huntington, Jama-
gin, Johnson, Maugum, Miller, Morehf-ad, Phelps, Porter,
Simmons, Upham, and Woodbridge—20.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. ALLEN submitted a motion that the joint
resolution for the admission of the State of Texas
into the Union be made the order of the day at 11
o'clock each day until disposed of.
Mr. DAYTON inquired of the Chair whether
that motion would not have to lie over under the rule
one day.
The CHAIR was of the opinion that it would.
Aftera few remarks by Messrs. DICKINSON,
BERRIEN, ALLEN, and TAPPAN, upon the sub-
ject, the motion was changed to one to postpone the
previous orders with the view of taking up the joint
resolution.
The question was put and carried, and the res-
olution was taken up as in committee of the whole;
when
Mr. ALLEN submitted a resolution (which lies
over under the rule till to-morrow) providing that
the special order of the day be hereafter called by
the Chair at 11 o'clock, a. m., until otherwise or-
dered.
The CHAIR announced that the joint resolution
from the House for admitting the State of Texas
into the Union was now before the Senate as mcom-
fnittee of the whole.
4 Mr. HENDERSON bein°; entitled to the Jloor,
addressed the Senate for nearly two hours in sup-
port of the joint resolution of the House, demon-
strating its constitutionality and expediency.
Mr. BARROW followed for throe hours in oppo-
sition to the annexation of Texas in any form,
though admitting the power to do it by treaty.
Mr. COL&UITT next obtained the floor; when
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATI VES.
Wednesday, February 19,1845.
The journal of_yesterday-was read and approved.
™r" $' A. WRIGHT presented the petition
ofThos.E. Clinton, praying an inquiry into the
present feasibility of surveying and cutting a ship
canal between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans-
which was referred to the Committee on Roads'
and Canals.
Mr. W. said: A project, whose grandeur, though
commensurate with ihe conjoint magnitude of two
oceans, is yet overshadowed by its utility, forms
the prayer of this petition; and it is with peculiar
pleasure that I rise to announce a matter towards
which the heart of the patriot, and the hope of the
Oregon settler, loom up and beat in unison. 1 will
not impose upon myself the ungrateful task of enu-
'nei-ating the failure hitherto of measures that
should have been effectual for this purpose. They
sue known to the world through the various works
published on this subject, from the time of Colum-
bus down to the present day. There was a reason
o , s> "ntl was> f'lat l'le time had not come,
bcarlett, Thompson, Pitman, Stevens, Montgomery,
and a host of older authorities, evince this. But
the time has now come, and the execution of our
duty is prayed for in this petition. Oregon, and
those portions of our soil most accessible there-
from, demand at our hands that we should exercise
a prudent foresight, and give to our settlers there
same ground of reliance on that sovereignty we are
about to revive. It is the deep interest which the
friends and relations of western emigrants have at
stake that makes me a fitting advocate for this
marriage of the Atlantic and Pacific oceans. Who
will quibble about cost, where western existence la
the question at issue? or deem the countenance of
our government inaptly bestowed at a time when
the people of this great republic are crowding to bathe
their feet in the Pacific, and woo to their commer-
cial embrace an empire, whose widest door has re-
cently been opened to American enterprise? $20,-
000,000 has been estimated as the sum required to
cut a ship canal from ocean to occan. Half a cen-
tury, Mr. Speaker, would save more than that sum
in the expenditures of our navy through this
measure, throwing out of the calculation the terri-
ble risks of Cape Horn. Of the sacrifice of human
life m doubling that cape. I forbear to speak; for
who can estimate the value of an immortal soul, or
who can make tangible to our senses here, in this
carpeted and warmed hail, the unheard, unlament-
ing, but freezing sufferings of the sailor? Let him
who would gather to his knowledge somewhat of
these things, turn to Dana's "Two Years before the
Mast."
But, as J said before, the time has come, both to
us and to Central America. The career of one is
onward to the Pacific, the welfare of the other is re-
posing; on the bosom of domestic tranauillity; and
happily we may now wake up the slumbering ener-
gies of her commercial genius at the same time that
wc provide for the defence, the welfare, and the in-
crease of Oregon and her rising fortunes. The locai
of the Yankee and the lasso of the Spaniard will
twirl busily alike, while the music of the steam en-
gine will wake to response the echoes of bays and
rivers, and mountains and plains, that have yet
ceased to indulge in the virgin slumber of creation.
Yes, sir, the age, the country, and the ceaseless
progress of commercial intercourse demand a re-
sponse to the prayer of this petition, and J am blind
to the spirit and character evinced in this hall at
this session, if I see not a patriotic pride in existence
that will prompt us all to promote the welfare of our
Oregon settlers, as well as meet the disposition man-
ifested by the Central Americans to honor us with
an offer to place in our hands this great work. Mr.
Montgomery, (sent by this country in 1838, on
other business,) says:
"It seems singular that a subject so peculiarly interesting
to the United States should not hav e attracted more atten-
tion m oar country The enterprise, however, could only
be successfully undertaken under the auspices of the gov*
eminent, and with the sanction of Congress. "Were the
subject pioperly recommended to the coiiMdeiaiion of the
national legislature, its importance would hardly fail of be-
ing perceived, and duly appreciated; and the result, whatev-
er it;might be, could not but reflect credit on the adminis-
tration There is also reason to believe that any steps; that
our diplomatic agent in Guatemala might be instructed to
take towards a negotiation with the Cential American gov-
ernment on this Fnbjoot, would be met by that government
with alacrity There. CM'-tn on the part of the people and
authorities a decided predilection for Americans, and for
ever} tiling that is American. They imitate the institu-
tions the laws, the policy of the United Spates, and look up
to this country as their great model. They at one time soli-
