31©
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
intelligence of the people. It is true that they had
once succeeded, under very peculiar circumstances,
in playing successfully upon the hopes, fears, pas-
sions, and prejudices of the people; but their over-
throw would have been as complete, and the results
probably still more lastingly decisive, had their
nominal leader lived through the term for which he
was elected. He feared that some—too many, in-
deed—of our friends, arguing from the exception as
a rule, and mistaking what was a mere temporary
hallucination for a permanent disturbance of the
popular mind, were disposed to take leaves out of
the whig almanacs and song books. Abandoning
that reliance which had heretofore been, and he
trusted would always be, one of the fundamental
dogmas of our creed—a reliance which has, on
every occasion save one, been justified by the re-
sult—they imagined that they could better succeed
by cajolery and mystification. His friend (the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means)
told him to be short. He was not in the habit of
making many or long speeches. He knew the im-
patience of his honorable friend to get at the gen-
eral appropriation bills. He did not blame him
for it. He would have desired to say some-
thing upon certain inconsistencies in the con-
duct of some of the apostles of economy here,
and especially upon the amendment to the bill
from the Senate, intended, as all admitted, to correct
an error in a law passed without examination last
session. And what was the effect of the amendment,
urged and adopted by the votes of some of the most
eloquent declaimers against abuses? Why, to plun-
der the treasury of nearly $300,000, to give to cer-
tain widows of revolutionary soldiers arrears of pen-
sions for a term of years, while their husbands were
still living—those husbands having themselves en-
joyed the pension during the same period. lie saw
that the House was anxious to come to a vote; and
as the seats appeared to be tolerably well filled, he
would not make the motion which he had intended
for a call of the House.
He would make a single observation, in conclu-
sion. He had an abiding faith in the intelligence
and good sense of the people; nor could he be easily
made to believe that there was one district in the
Union that would condemn ita representative for
supporting this bill. Sure was he, at least, that his own
constituents looked only to the great issues of the
party, and would not consider any sound principle
of economy violated by this reasonable and necessa-
ry appropriation.
Mr. HAMMETT said he had yesterday voted
against this bill for two reasons. One was, that he
believed that the sum which it appropriated was
much larger than was necessary or was usual; and
the other was the course of the chairman of the
Committee on Public Buildings, who had taken up-
on himself the responsibility of purchasing furni-
ture, and thus imposing on Congress a kind of ne-
cessity to pay for it.
He was opposed to doing business in this kind of
way. He was opposed to this bill because the
chairman of the Committee of Public Buildings bad
taken upon himself the responsibility of purchasing
furniture and calling upon the House to pay for it.
He would not give his consent that any member of
that House should take upon himself such a respon-
sibility. He spoke of the inadequate appropriation
of $0,000 which had been made for furnishing the
President's House, and said he looked upon it as
parsimonious and niggardly in the extreme; and he
would, had he been here at the time, have voted
cheerfully for an appropriation of $20,000 for that
object. Though he would not sanction by his vote
such a stretch of power on the part of the chairman
of any committee, he would prefer that $20,000
should be appropriated by a bill to be reported by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. PRATT obtained the floor.
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES rose to a question of
order. He inquired if the vote, on the rejection of
this bill had not been taken under the operation of
the previous question.
The SPEAKER said that it was; but the previous
question was exhausted when the bill was rejected.
Mr. PRATT, on rising, had nothing to say as to
the course of other gentlemen on this question. Each
gentleman could take care of himself; and he would
only detain the House for a few moments while he
replied to the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Hammett,] who had taken the liberty of calling his
course in question. He thought it a very small
piece of business for gentlemen to come here and
juake speeches about the President's furniture for
home consumption. It was a small piece of busi
ness indeed. We have, said he, had our elec-
tion; and if we had not, it would make no
difference; but other gentlemen have not had
theirs, and hence their opposition to this bill. He
thought it beneath the dignity of members of Con-
gress to talk about a little furniture, a little furni-
ture! for the President's House, while they were
appropriating money extravagantly for other ob-
jects. Gentlemen yesterday voted down the bill ap-
propriating the trifling sum of $20,000 for the Pres-
ident's furniture, and the very next vote they gave
was for $87,000 to buy books for themselves. Not-
withstanding this liberal appropriation for them-
selves, gentlemen called him to account for recom-
mending this little appropriation of $20,000, every
dollar of which was wanted. He would now pro-
ceed to answer the gentleman from Mississippi,
who had called him to account. As one of the rep-
resentatives of the State of New York, he was ac-
countable to his constituents. He came here to
labor in their service, and he was ready to account
to them for all he did. He was not only ready to
be accountable to them, but was also ready to be
accountable to this House, and every department of
the government, for all that he had done, and at all
times and places.
He boldly avowed, then, that he did order some
curtains for the President's House, not as chairman
of the Committee on Public Buildings, but on his in-
dividual responsibility. He saw tliat curtains were
wanted for windows that were without them, and,
for the honor of his country, directed an upholsterer
to furnish them the best and finest that could be pro-
cured; saying that if Congress would not make
provision for the payment, he would do so out of
his own pocket. He did not do this as a member
of the Committee on Public Buildings, but as a pri-
vate individual, and on his own responsibility.
So much had he done for his country. Could the
gentleman from Mississippi say lie had done as
much? [Laughter.] He had only one word more
to say. It was well known in the House that the
present incumbent of the White House came there
not by his vote; but it was enough that he found him
there. He was the President of tlie United States; and
it was his duty, being chaiiman of the Committee
on Public Buildings, to see that he was comforta-
bly provided for, in a manner suited to the dignity
of the nation.
As to the President elect, he thought he would
not feel proud of his new friends, after the course
they took yesterday in bringing down his accom-
modations to their standard of propriety. From
what he knew of the man, he was confident he
would rather see the House furnished at his own
expense than to have seen such a vote as was
taken yesterday. As to these curtains, which he
was so roundly censured for ordering, he saw win-
dows in the room where the President of the United
States was in the habit of receiving the foreign min-
isters wholly without them; and deeming this to be
disgraceful to the nation, he had ordered them to be
put there on his own responsibility. Mr. P. con-
cluded by moving the previous question.
Mr. G. W. JONES desired the gentleman to
withdraw his call for the previous question, to allow
him to make an explanation.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF desired to know if the
bill would be open to amendment, should the motion
to reconsider prevail.
The SPEAKER said that, in that event, the bill
would be on its passage, and therefore not open to
amendment.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF asked if it would not then
be in order to move to reconsider the vote on order-
ing the bill to be engrossed.
The SPEAKER said that it would.
The previous question was then seconded by the
House—ayes 93, noes 31—and the main question
was ordered.
Mr. G. W. JONES called for the yeas and nays
on the motion for reconsideration; and, the question
being taken, it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
126, nays 27, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Arrington,
Atkinson, Barringer, Barnard, Belser, Benton, Bidlack,
James A. Black, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Brengle, Brinker-
hoft", Brodhead, William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Campbell,
Carpenter, Carroll, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappeli, Cling*
v ^ ta t>:„i—t"i riovKi .Tnhn
Hubbell, Hunfferford, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jameson, Cat e
Johnson, John P, Kennedy, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leon-
ard, Lucas, Lyon, McCauslen, Maclay, McClelland, Mc-
Clernard, MeKay, Marsh, Joseph Morris, Isaac E. Morse,
Moseley, Murphy, Nes, Newton, Owen, Parmenter, Payne,
Pettit, Pollock, Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Potter. Pratt,
Purdy, Rathbun, Charles M. Reed, David's. Reid, Relfe,
Ritter, Roberts, Rookwell, Rogers, St. -John, Saunders,
Simons, Simpson, Slidell, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
Spence, Steenrod, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, Stiles, James
W. Stone, Alfred P. Stone, Strong,, Sykes, Taylor,
Thompson, Tibbatts, Vinton, Weller, Wethored, Wheaton,
Benjamin White, Williams, Winthtop, Woodward, William
Wright, Joseph A. Wright, Yancey, and Yost—126.
NAYS—Mossrs. Ashe, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown,
Caldwell, Cranston, Cullom, Daniel, Ficklin, Florence,
French, Hoge, James B. Hunt, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, O. W. Jones, Andiew Kennedy, Preston
King. McConnell, McDowell, Norris, Peyton, Reding, Sen-
ter, Thomas II. Seymour, Stephens, and Tucker—HI.
Mr. PETTIT then moved a reconsideration of
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be en -
grossed; and 011 that he moved the previous ques-
tion, which was sustained by the House.
On the quuestion of reconsideration, the vote was
taken by Messrs. Saunders and Winthrop, tellers,
who reported 69 in the affirmative, and 70 in the
negative. So the reconsideration was refused.
The question then recurred on the third reading of
the bill.
Mr. PETTIT then addressed the House in con-
demnation of the mean spirit which refused an ap-
propriation to furnish the presidential mansion,
which belonged to the nation, and not to any in-
dividual. The spirit of "Ogle" (he said) appeared
to haunt the imagination of many members, and it
was a contemptible spirit. They had erected a be-
coming mansion, in which they required the Presi-
dent to reside, and they ought to make it comforta-
ble. It had been said that we were a democratic
people; but because we were so, it did not follow
that every democrat should go bareheaded and bare-
footed. They might, with equal propriety, require
the President to occupy rooms without carpets, and
to dispense with washbowls in his bed chamber;
and compel him to wash his face in a mud puddle,
and dry it, by the aid of the sun. lis continued this
course of remark for some time, and declared that, if
his constituents required him to vote against this
bill, he should be ashamed to represent them.
Mr. HENLEY obtained the floor; but
Mr. JAMESON desired that gentleman to allow
him to submit a proposition.
At his request, it was read by the Clerk; and it
was a proposition to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, with in-
structions to reduce the appropriation from §20,000
to $10,000.
The SPEAKER said it was not then in order.
Mr. HENLEY said that proposition met his
views entirely. He then replied at some length to
the remarks of his colleague, [Mr. Pettit.]
Mr. HALE moved the previous question; which
was seconded by a majority of 89 to 35, the vote
having been taken by Messrs. Thomasson and
Douglass as tellers.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. McOONNELL asked the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. TUCKER moved to lay the bill on the table;
and on this motion asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
The question was taken, and the vote stood
thus:—yeas 47, nays 109, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arrington, Ashe, Belser, Bon-
ton Blackwell, Bower, Boyd, Aaron V. Brown, Milton
Brown, Buffington, Caldwell, Reuben Chapman, Cranston,
Cullom, Daniel, Duncan, Ficklin, Florence, Fiench, (log-
gin, Haralson, Henley, Hoge, Houston, James B Hunt,
Perley B. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones.,
Andrew Kennedy, Lumpkin, McClelland, MrComiell, Mc-
Dowell, Norns, I'ayne, JMirdy, Reding, Ritter, Thomj*:
H. Seymour, Thomas Smith, Steenrod, Taylor, Tibbatts,
Tucker, Wheaton, and Joseph A. Wright—47.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Atkinson, Baker, Bai-
ringer, Bidlaek, James A. Black, Bowlin, Bnnkrrhofl,
Brodhead, Burke, Burt, Campbell, Carpenter, Carioll,
Catlin, Augustus A. Chapman, Chilton, Clingman, Clinton,
Cobb, Cross, Dana, Richard D. Davis, John W- Davis
Dean, Deberry, Dellet, Douglass, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Kl-
nier, Fish, Foster. Fuller, Grinnell, tinder, Hale, Hanni-
bal Hamlin, Hays, Herrick, Holmes, Hubaid, Hubbell,
Hudson, Hungcrford. Washington Hunt, Charles J Inger-
soll, Jameson, Jenks, Ca\e .Johnson, John P. Kennedy,
Preston King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas,
Lyon, Maclay, McClernand, Mcllvame, McKay, Isaac i..
Morse Moseley, Murphey, Nes, Newton, Owen, Parmen-
ter Pettit, Peyton, 1'hcenix, Pollock, Elisha R. Potter,
Pratt, Charles M. iteed, David S. Reid, Relfe, Roberts,
Rockwell, Rogers, Russell, St. John, Sample, Saunders,
Severance, David L. Seymour, Simons, Slidell, Robert
Smith, Spenee, Stetson, John Stewart. Stiles, James W
Stone, Strong, Sykes, Thomasson, Thompson, I Jler,
Wentworth, Wethered, Benjamin, White, Williams, Win-
throp, Woodward, William Wright, and Yost—109.
So the House refused to lay the- bill on the
[ table,
