CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
of the
The question recurring on the
bill-
Mr. McDOWELL repeated the demand for the
yeas and nays; which were ordered by the House.
The question was taken, and decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 75, nays 77, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bidlack, Edward J. Black, James
A. Black, Brodhead, Burt, Campbell, Catlin, Augustus A.
Chapman, Clinton, Cross, Dana, Richard D. Davis, Dean,
Dellet, Dillingham, Douglass, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Elmer,
Foster, Fuller, Grinnell, Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, Havs,
Herrick, Hubbell, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, Charles
J. Ingersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson. John P. Kennedy
Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lucaa, McCauslen, Ma-
clay, McClernand,McKay, Isaac E.Morse,Murphy, Newton,
Parmenter, Pettit, ElishaR. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Pratt,
Darid S. Reid, llhett, Roberts, Rockwell, Rogers, Russell,
St. John, Saunders, Simons, Slidell, Robert Smith, Spence,
John Stewart, Stiles, James W. Stone, Alfred P. Stone,
Strong, Sykes, Thomasson, Thompson, Tyler, Wentworth,
Benjamin White, Winthrop, and Woodward—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Arrington, Ashe, Atkinson,
Barringer, Belser, Benton, BlacKwell, Boyd, Brengle,
Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, William J. Brown,
Buffington, Burke, Caldwell, Carpenter, Reuben Chapman,
Cranston, Cullom, Daniel, Dickey, Duncan, Farlee, Ficklin,
Florence, French, Goggin, Grider, Hammett, Haralson,
Harper, Henley, Hoge, Houston, Hubard, Hudson, James B.
Hunt, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Preston King,
Daniel P. King, Lumpkin, Lyon, McClelland, McDowell,
E. J. Morris, Norris, Owen, Payne, Peyton, Purely, Ram-
sey, Rathbun, C. M. Reed, Reding. Ritter, Sample, Senter,
Thomas H. Seymour, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb
B. Smith, Steenrod, Stephens, Stetson, Andrew Stewart,
Taylor. fTibbatts, Tucker, Wheaton, John White, Wil-
liams, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—77.
So the bill was finally rejected.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION
BILL.
On motion of Mr. MeJCAY, the rules were sus-
pended, and the House resolved itself into a Com-
mittee of the Whole, (Mr. Saunders in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the government for the fiscal year ending the 30th
June, 184G.
The clause appropriating$25,000 for the compen-
sation of the President of the United States being
read,
Mr. ROBERT SMITH offered the following
amendment:
For permanently locating the Cumberland (oi National)
road from Vandalm. Illinois, to Jcll'eison City, in the Stwt«
of Missouri, ami clearing oft the iraok and bridging the
creeks and small mors, the sum ot one hundred tnousand
dollars.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment not m
order.
Mr. SMITH said ho believed that, for the pur-
pose of facilitating and forwarding the business of
legislation, it was, as a general rule, the best pol-
icy to sustain the decisions of the Chair, right or
wrong; and it was with extreme reluctance that he
now took an appeal from the decision of the honor-
able chairman; but (said Mr. S.) he found many
precedents for including apprppriations for the
Cumberland road in the general appropriation bills;
and he felt himself called upon, by a sense of justice
to himself and his constituents, to take this step.
He said, if the decision of the chairman was sus-
tained, that the friends of this measure would be cut
off from giving their views on this subject, as he
feared that no action could be had by the House on
the bill making appropriations for the national road
during this session: and hence gross injustice would
be done to those who had paid their money into the
national treasury for lands in the vicinity of this
road, on the faith of the government completing the
road.
Mr S. said he had never troubled the House un-
less on some measure immediately affecting the in-
terests of his constituents, and would not now have
offered this amendment if he could have had any
assurance that the bill making an appropriation for
this road would be taken up and acted upon.
The CHAIRMAN here called Mr. S. to order.
Mr. SMITH said he would proceed m order.
Mr. JAMESON suggested to the chairman that
the amendment being entirely different from any of
the provisions of the bill making appropriations for
the Cumberland ^road, he thought it strictly in or-
der.
Mr. SMITH continued. He said he could cite
five or six appropriations made for this road in
similar bills; that this was not a new appropriation,
but to continue a work which had received the warm
and cordial support of every administration, from
Mr. Jefferson's down to the one now drawing to a
close. All the friends of this measure ask in ft fair
hearing, and that they may be permitted to place
the merits fairly before the House aftd, the country;
and to the result, be it what it might, they would sub-
mit. He could not forget the hostility and adroit-
ness which certain gentlemen exercised to prevent
action on this appropriation near the close of the
last session. He could not say that he had much
expectation that his amendment would be adopted,
but he wished to make an appeal to the sense of
justice of the committee to take up the Cumberland
road bill and decide it upon its merits. It was due
to the States through which it passed; and justice
to those States demanded that this road should be
completed. And he would now say that, so long
as he should have the honor of a seat upon this
floor, he would never cease to press upon Congress
the justice of completing this road. Having said
this much, and not supposing any good coulu arise
from further debating the question of order, he
would withdraw his appeal.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL offered the following
amendment as an additional item:
"For a commercial agent, to be appointed by the Presi-
dent, $5,000."
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL observed that it would
be recollected by many gentlemen present, that
some time during the last session, when the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill was under consid-
eration, he had offered an amendment sinner to the
present, and was cut off from making any Remarks
on it by the operation of the previous question. He
had risen for the purpose of again calling the atten-
tion of the country to a subject which he conceived
to be of the greatest importance, and that was our
foreign commerce. He considered that, during; the
last sixteen years, under the administrations of Gen.
Jackson, Mr. Van Buren, and Mr. Tyler, the mind
of the country had been so much involved in contro-
versies in regard to banks and tariffs, that what
ought to be one of the chief objects of legislation,
our foreign commerce, had been lost sight of. He
now desired the indulgence of the committee for a
very short time, while he endeavored to lay before
the public some views resulting from information he
hud taken much pains to collect. He found, by
looking at the tables that had been furnished him,
that the tonnage of the United States had decreased
between six and seven hundred thousand tons from
the year J827 to 184.'i. He found by certain tables,
that while the British tonnage, in lHO.'i, was 1,086,-
071), and now 2,989,757,0urs was, at the first-named
period /. f. forty years ago—1)47,000, and now,
2,lf>8,G02. The last seven years, the only periods
he had been able to ascertain, the British tonnage
had been increased GOO,000, while, ours had de-
creased 700,000. Now these were striking facts,
and worthy of the notice of the statesman and legis-
lator. This was in part owing, he believed, to the
progress of steamboat navigation.
He insisted, and proved by the quetation of the
statistics which he held in his hand, that there was
a decrease of American tonnage to the amount of
700,000 tons, while there was an increase in the
English tonnage to the amount of 000,000 tons.
Mr. .T. P. KENNEDY inquired if the gentleman
from Virginia got his tonnage returns from the
Treasury Dcpai tment.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL replied that he got them
from a man of great intelligence, after receiving a
communication from the Register of the Treasury,
which he had with him.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY said the gentleman's
statement was not correct, and that there was no
mode, of ascertaining the amount of our tonnage at
any one time at the treasury.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said that was a hobby
of his Baltimore friend. He then proceeded to state
the amount of our tonnage which was employed in the
foreign trade, and many advantages which our ship-
ping had over that of other countries; and yet there
was the decrease of which he had spoken. He
then called the attention of the committee to some
facts set forth in a report of a late Secretary of the
Treasury, from which it appeared that our imports
from 1821 to 1842, a period of about twenty years,
had increased from forty-one to eighty-eight millions
of dollars, and our exports from sixty-live to one
hundred and five millions. He also gave from his
tables other statements, and then said he could ac-
count for the comparative decrease of our foreign
commerce by attributing it to the currency. There
was another fact to which he called attention; and
that was, that, but for one single staple, the exports
of this_ country would not exceed #20,000,000 per
annum. That staple was cotton; that product was
raised exclusively by slave labor; and but for that,
the whole commerce and navigation of the United
States—especially of the most navigating and
flourishing portion of it—would be nearly at a
stand. While the South bore the odium of slave
labor, (and it was universal, not only here but in
England and France,) this country depended exclu-
sively on this single article—an article which had
grown up to its present importance without the aid
of government or legislation, or foreign ministers.
A minister had been sent abroad to attend to the
tobacco interests, but nothing had been done for
this important staple. The honorable gentleman
again read authorities to sustain this position, but it
was impossible to catch more than the purport.
He next alluded to his attempt to introduce a
resolution on the subject of the duties on French
wines and silks, which, he contended, operated to
interrupt our commerce with that country, but he
said he had always been laughed down. He spoke
of the probability of supplying Europeans with
Pennsylvania coal and iron; America, too, ought to
be a wool growing country; her cheap lands
being favorable for the production of that ar-
ticle of commerce, so as to compete with any
country in the world. They had lately passed
a bill in relation to the Oregon; and what was
it' Many considered it a mere question of an
extension of territory; but he viewed it as a
commercial question. Texas, too, was a commer-
cial question. He read an extract from the com-
munication of a friend, resident in Pennsylvania,
sustaining this view of these questions. And what
had they learned by the arrival of yesterday from
Europe? That the greatest maritime power in the
world had offered to resign her post of constable of
the high seas, provided the second greatest maritime
power would unite—in what' In a protest, he sup-
posed, against the possession of Texas by this
country. What he was saying he was not saying as
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, but
as an individual member of this House.
He stated this on his own responsibility. He
knew that these offers to France from Great Britain
had been made long ago, but had been attempted to
be withheld from the public, for fear it would, drive
the United States into sudden acquisition of Texas.
It appeared to him, therefore, that it was a mere
commercial question. In what he was about to state,
to be sure, he disclaimed anything like connection
with any committee of this House; but what a spec-
tacle it was—thank God he had not seen it; but he
was told so by many who had seen it—what a spec-
tacle was presented in another part of this building;
speeches were watched, congratulations wfre ten-
dered, and every demonstration of joy was made,
when great arguments were advanced against the
constitutionality or expediency of annexing Teaas.
For one, it gratified him at least, that the two
greatest maritime powers in the world, instead of-
fer he believed there was no sort of denger of it 
instead of contending with arms for us for the pos-
session of Texas, had condescended to intrigue, to
protect, to come across the Atlantic, to meddle in
our concerns, to watch the progress of this thing.
He had on his table a few more statistics. He
understood, if the exports of Great Biitain were
divided into a thousand parts, the United States
took one hundred and eighty-one of them,
which was eighty-odd more than any other country.
Germany came next, and took one hundred and one
of these parts; British Asia seventy-four; the
West Indies sixty-nine, fee., &c. Now the use he.
meant to make of this fact, wa3 this: a large pro-
portion of the foreign commerce of this country,
owing to the sympathies to the natural feelings of the
country—particularly of the Atlantic side of the
country—was placed in depot in Liverpool. In his
humble opinion, it was absurd. It might as well be
sent to Havre, to Trieste, to Hamburg, and the
other Hanse towns. Yet, while this was the case,
this great power was anxious to unite with another
great power to prevent the United States from pos-
sessing themselves—as he insisted they would do—
of another great cotton'country, "peaceably if they
can, forcibly if they must."
™he ™ were no party matters- He had no doubt,
if Mr. Clay had been the successful presidential
candidate, but that high-minded, eminent statesman
—of whom it gave him great pleasure to say that
he had never said a word, as he had never thought
a thought, about him, that he would not to hin?—
would have entered into this work as cordially as he
(Mr. I.) could do. It should be his endeavor t9
