* 4 i''
312
CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
impress this on the President elect; he h&d taken this
manner of doing it. Hs wished thus to bring this
matter to hig attention as well as the attention of
the country. It concerned a great interest of the
country. We had been fighting for banks and
against banks, for tariffs and against tariffs, till we
had almost forgotten we had a foreign commerce.
He should reserve the argument for a proper oc-
casion to show that this great extension of tne for-
eign commerce of the country was not only perfect-
ly compatible with the protection of our domestic
industry—and he took this occasion to say that he
was an humble advecate of the protection of our do-
mestic industry, of a tariff without reference to the
mere question of revenue—yet he reserved to
another occasion to show 'that this extending the
foreign commerce was to improve the manufactures
of the country; to render their position more stable;
to turn the balance of trade in our favor; to cause
exchanges throughout all the world in our favor,
instead of in favor of our great maritime rival, as
was done at present. He believed all this matter
was perfectly demonstrable, and he reserved it for
some future occasion. He had stated these things
very imperfectly; and having submitted this motion,
as he did, for this mere purpose, he withdrew it.
Mr. ROBERTS. Has the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania withdrawn his motion?
Mr. INGERSOLL (in his seat.) Yes, he had
withdrawn it. He had no idea that it would carry.
[A voice: "Does the gentleman withdraw his
speech, too?" Laughter.]
Mr. RATHBUN moved an amendment to add
an appropriation of §3,000 for two clerks of the
House of Representatives. He stated that these
two clerks were regularly employed in the House of
Representatives, and their salary had been omitted
in this appropriation bill.
After some conversation, in which Messrs.
RATHBUN, McKAY, and the CHAIRMAN par-
ticipated,
The question was taken, and the amendment was
agreed to.
president's furniture again.
Mr. ROBERTS, after the clause providing for the
executive clerk, moved an amendment appropri-
ating $20,000 for repairing and refurnishing the ex-
ecutive mansion with furniture of domestic manu-
facture, if equally good and equally reasonable.
Mr. R. said a few words in support of the amend-
ment.
Mr. ANDREW STEWART moved an amend-
ment to the amendment, to strike out the words "if
equally good and equally reasonable."
He-argued that the insertion of these words would
be a nullification of the whole matter; that it im-
posed no restriction upon the purchaser for the
preference of the domestic over the foreign article.
This matter of a little money was mere moonshine
when weighed in this balance. He wished to keep
out of the President's House foreign cabinet work,
foreign carpets, and everything foreign; and lie
trusted that the principles and the policy adopted in
this House would be American.
Some conversation arose between Messrs. C. J.
INGERSOLL, ANDREW STEWART, RATH-
BUN, CALEB B. SMITH, and other gentlemen.
Mr. ROBERTS briefly opposed the amendment
to £he amendment.
Mr. JOHN STEWART proposed an amendment
to the amendment, which was accepted by Mr. An-
drew Stewart as a substitute for his proposition.
In proposes to appropriate #6,000 for repairing and
painting the presidential mansion, and $>14,000 for
furnishing the same of American furniture, in ad-
dition to the sale of the old furniture.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL (in his seat.) In addi-
tion to burning the old furniture, why did not you
SMr. EDWARD J. BLACK gave notice of an
amendment to the amendment which he designed to
offer when in order, (and which is given below.)
Some further conversation ensued, in which
Messrs. McKAY, C. J. INGERSOLL, JOHN
STEWART, and others, took part.
Mr. PAYNE deprecated the course which hart
been taken by some gentlemen who supported this
appropriation. Those who would not consen that
this measure should be hurried through without
explanation, and without amendment were charged
with being parsimonious and niggardly, while oth-
ers were denounced as inimical to the m-commg ad
ministration. All these charges (said Mr. P.) were
made against us, and we were not permitted to laise
™uVvoi?es in explanation. It was now found
that the1 pretensions of gentlemen were a little
humbled. They did not now come here demand-
ing $28,000, without showing how it was to be ex-
pended. They did not demand that the old furni-
ture should be sold, without allowing the proceeds
to be deducted from the amount appropriated.
These pretensions were a little humbled. Gentle-
men were now willing to take. $6,000 for the
grounds, and §14,000 for the furniture. But what
had they been told by those who had advocated the
appropriation? They had been told that the Presi-
dent elect would rather pay for this furniture him-
self, than the vote rejecting the bill should have
been passed yesterday. This came from the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Buildings.
Mr. PRATT said he did say so, and he believed
what he said.
Mr. PAYNE did not question the word of the
gentleman; but he stood here to vindicate the
President elect; and he would tell the gentle-
man from New York, that gaudy trappings and
regal splendor would have no attractions for him.
He stood far above such paltry considerations.
He was a republican in principle and practice, and
did not desire to be surrounded with the trappings
of regal splendor. He came here to carry out the
principles of republicanism, and to uphold the creed
of that great party which gave him a passport to the
high station he has been called on to fill. These
were the considerations which would influence him,
and not costly and luxurious furniture. What
\vere they next told? Why, that this appropriation
was to be voted for as a matter of respect to the
President elect. He chose to show respect to him
by devoting his humble energies to his election to
the presidency. He desired to show his respect to
him by approving his nomination when it came
from the Baltimore convention. It was by riding
through the country, and addressing the people in
two or three States on all occasions when he thought
he might be useful, that he had shown his respect for
him. It was by these means that he showed his
respect to the President elect, and not by voting
$28,000 to furnish his house in an extravagant and
gaudy manner. If (said Mr. P.) we are called on
to vote this appropriation out of respect to the Presi-
dent elect, the amount is too little. Would it not
be more respectful to vote lnm half a million? Tak-
ing it in this light, he was not disposed to vote fur it.
Had he adopted the course of gentlemen who were
opposed to him in this matter—if he were to enter
a crusade against those who were unwilling to vote
for this large sum, and put a gag into the mouth of
every one opposed to it, and force the measure
through the House without a word of explanation,
he should suspect himself of acting through motives
of paying an undue respect for the executive office.
He should fear that he was; placing himself in a
prominent position for the sake of office; if not for
himself, at least for his friends. As regarded the
motives of other gentlemen he had nothing to say.
Whilst he yielded to no man m point of respect to
the President elect, he never should tike any
means of showing that respect inconsistent with his
duty to himself and his country. In regard to this
appropriation, he believed that $14,000 would be suffi-
cient to furnish the President's House in a manner
creditable to the nation, and he was willing to vote
that sum, though he believed that a smaller amount
would answer; but he was unwilling to go beyond
it. Twenty thousand dollars was, in his opinion,
too much to furnish any house in the nation, unless
it was intended to furnish it in a style of regal
splendor, which he was sure would not suit the
tastes of our republican President. He was willing
that the furniture purchased should be exclusively
of American manufacture, provided it could be
bought as cheap as the foreign article. While he
wished to give every just encouragement to the
American manufacturer, he would not adopt the
principle of giving more for their articles than the
foreign articles could be bought for. He wished to
set an example of simplicity and economy to the
country, and for that reason wished to buy the
cheapest articles. Simplicity and economy have
been the principles in which the democratic party
had at all times gone before the country; and it
gentlemen wished to carry out their professions,
now was the time to show it, by voting such    ffl
for furnishing the presidential mansion as would do
it in a style at once simple, neat, and elegant, and
without extravagance or ostentation.
Mr. E J. BLACK said he was one of those who
voted this morning for $28,000 for furnishing the
President's House, in addition to what the old fur-
niture would sell for. Now, if the gentleman from
Alabama, who attached as much value to this old
furniture, had seen as much of it as ha had, he
would not estimate it as highly as he did. He did'
not believe there was an auctioneer in the city of
New York skilful enough in puffing to make it sell
for more than $2,000. He relied greatly on the
statistical knowledge of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Pkatt,] and had predicated his vote on
that gentleman's calculations as to the cost of the
articles to be furnished. He regretted that the per-
sonal matters of the President and President elect
had been brought up in this debate. He did not
think they should be personally regarded in this
matter. So far as they were the representatives of
the nation, he desired to see them comfortably
lodged.
He regarded the executive of' this great country
as the representative, the most immediate and direct
representative, of the people. Tbe President was
representing the masses of the people, and he (Mr.
Black) gave his vote for this appropriation before,
because he desired the President of the people to be
decently lodged. He hoped the gentlemen who op-
posed this appropriation would go into the executive
mansion and examine its furniture. He (Mr. B.)
had done so himself, and he now declared that there
was no private gentleman in this city whose parlor
or sitting room was so meanly furnished, in every
respect, particularly in respect to the articles of cur-
tains and chairs, to which he had directed his special
attention. Did any gentleman suppose that true
democracy consisted in keeping their President in
rags ami tatters? He believed the democratic Presi-
dent of this republic should be as decently lodged as
any whig President; and if the whig members of this
House would not vote for this appropriation, they
had better send chair-makers and mantua-makers to
the executive mansion to repair the chairs, and darn
up the rents in the curtains. But he conceived the
question was simply how much they should appro-
priate; and he would leave that to the gentleman
from New York, IMr. Pratt,] and the Committee
of Ways and Means, for they were better able
to judge on that subject than he was.
Where, then, should they buy this furniture? One
gentleman said it should be bought only from Amer-
ican manufacturers. And wherefore? For the pur-
pose of saving money to this country? Was it for
economy? Or was it an emanation of the high pro-
tective tariff policy? Why did they desire that it
should be bought only from American manufac-
turers? Why, he could see it was intended to put
in the pockets of American manufacturers more than
would go into the pockets of foreign manufacturers
for articles of equal quality. He should vote for the.
amendment "providing it can be procured on equal
terms"—and was not that equitable and just? And
what more did gentlemen want? Did they want in-
justice? Did gentlemen remember that a large por-
tion of the money to be appropriated_ for this object
came from the cotton-growing section of the coun-
try, and the tobacco and rice-growing portion of the
country? He saw before him a specimen of car-
petingof American manufacture, Jit was laid on
the floor for inspection,] and he had no objection to
it; he was willing it should be bought, providing he
who made it would furnish it on the same and equal
terms thatsuc.il articles could be procured elsewhere.
Ho had no hostility to American manufactures; ho
desired that they should succeed in their undertak-
ings; if he could get articles as cheap in this coun-
try as elsewhere, he was willing that the foreign
article should be rejected. He knew not the price
of this piece of carpeting which was exhibited here,
but it was perhaps like the exhibition of railroad
iron from Pennsylvania some time ago.
He then stated that he had received a letter from
a friend in South Carolina, who had addressed let-
ters to the manufacturers of Maryland and Pennsyl-
vania, on learning that they had offered to furnish
railroad iron on as good terms as the foreign article
could bo procured; the answer which his friend had
received was not distinctly heard, but it was under-
stood to disappoint his expectations.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY supposed the gentleman
from Georgia alluded to the Mount Savage Works
m Maryland, amongst others; if so, he would inform
the gentleman from Georgia that t h*t establishment
was now in full operation, and was making a large
amount of railroad iron daily, and had more orders
than it could supply. _ t
Some conversation ensued, in which Messrs. J.
STEWART, J. P. KENNEDY, and others par-
ticipated; in the course of which the Chairman of tbe
