- rpj ri
816
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
causcd the aot passed by her legislature in May,
i, ? r, i, "e'ng an act repealing the aet of
allegiance to the British. crown.
When Mr. S. had been speaking an hour, he ob-
served, that, as most of the senators had gone away,
(thejfe Tyere not more than a dozen present,) he
hoped the subject would be passed over informally
till to-morrow morning, when he would briefly sura
up what he had to say.
.No objection being made, the question was in-
tormally passed over.
Several messages were received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, and appropriately referred.
Among them was one conveying a despatch from
Mr. H. A. Wise, minister at Bra7.1l, touching the
slave trade carried on by fraudulent contrivances be-
tween American citizens and British capitalists and
agents.
t On motion by Mr. ARCHER, this subject (be-
ing one of the violation of national law) was referred
to the Committee an the Judiciary.
VETO MESSAGE.
A message was received from the President of the
United States, returning the Senate bill in relation to
revenue steam cutters, with his objections.
The message was read. The principal point of
objection to the bill was, that it restrained all prog-
ress with vessels not actually commenced, whilst
grovernment had contracted for the building of one
revenue steam cutter at Richmond, Virginia, and
another at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, the materials
for which the contractors had purchased; and be-
cause the work had not technically commenced,
the restriction of the bill might lead to litigation or
violation of contract.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, not seeing the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce, who reported the
bill, in his place, moved to lay the bill on the table
till to-morrow.
Mr. ARCHER doubted if that could be done
with a bill returned with a veto message.
Mr. WOODBURY said the proper course was
first to enter the message on the journal.
Mr. ARCHER concurred.
Mr. MOREHEAD hoped that when entered on
the journal, the bill would be made the order of
of the day for to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The CHAIR read the rule in relation to veto mes-
sages, by which it appeared that, when entered 011
the journal, the first question was on reconsidering
The message having been ordered to be placed on
the journal,
Mr. ARCHER moved to take up the bill for re-
consideration, and postponed that question till to-
morrow.
After some discussion as to points of order, and
the hour to-morrow at which the bill should be con-
sidered, so as not to interfere with the unfinished
business,
Mr. BREESE informed the Senate that the bill
was only sent back in form that it might be so
shaped as to avoid the difficulty pointed out in the
message.
Itwas than agreed to reconsider it at half-past 11
o'clock to-morrow morning.
Mr. ALLEN submitted a resolution which, un-
der the rule, lies over till to-morrow. It was that
the special order of the day shall be hereafter called
up by the Chair every day at 12 o'clock till other-
wise ordered.
On motion of Mr. BAGBY, the Senate hill to
amend an act entitled an "An act to carry into effect,
in the States of Alabama and Mississippi, the exist- i
ing compacts with those States, with regard to the i
five per cent, fund and the school reservations," was !
taken up as in committee of the whole, the question j
being on an amendment reported from the Commit-
teee on Public Lands to substitute a new bill. I
Mr. WOODBRIDGE explained that the large !
reservation acquired from the Chickasaw Indians ;
was, acording to treaty, sold by the United States i
for their benefit, at graduated rates, namely: during
the first year m the market, at $1 25 per acre; 1
during the second and third years, at $1 per acre; ]
and thereafter at 25 cents per acre, till all was sold; !
and no reservations of sixteenth sections withheld.
The bill was to compensate the State by a suitable 1
allowance for the school fund. I
Pending this question, the Senate adjourned,
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 20, 1845.
The journal having been read,
The SPEAKER announced the first business in
order to be the resolution offered yesterday by Mr.
Harper, empowering the Committee on the Ex-
penditures of the Post Office Department to send for
persons and papers.
Mr. HOPKINS hoped the gentleman who offer-
ed the resolution would explain its object.
Mr. HARPER observe^ that early in the session
the Committee on the Expenditures of the Post Of-
fice Department received information that there had
been a misapplication of the funds of that depart-
ment. They did not think proper at the time to
pay any attention to the charge, but since then,
having received additional information on the sub-
ject, the committee had thought proper to act on it,
and therefore directed him to submit the resolution
under consideration.
After a few words from Mr. HOPKINS, the reso-
lution was agreed to.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY moved a reconsideration
of the vote of yesterday adopting the resolution to
take the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill out
of committee at two o'clock to-day. Mr. K. said it
was very clear that a bill of this magnitude could
not be got through with in the time prescribed. He
therefore hoped all sides of the House would agree
to reconsider the vote, so that a longer time for dis-
cussion might be allowed.
Mr. McKAY then asked the gentleman if he
was in the House at the time the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY asked the gentleman if
there was a division on the resolution?
The SPEAKER said that the resolution was
adopted under the operation of the previous ques-
tion. There was a vote taken on it; and, if the gen-
tleman was not present, he could not move the re-
consideration.
Mr. KENNEDY then withdrew his motion.
Mr. WELLER renewed it.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to lay the motion for re-
consideration on the table; which was carried,
Mr. J. W. DAVIS asked leave to make a report
from the select committee on maps, charts, and en-
gravings*. objected to, and no! received.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union*—Mr. Saundkrs, of North Caiolina, in
the chair—and resumed the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the government for the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th June, 184G.
The CHAIR stated that the question pending was
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] to deduct from the
appropriation for the salaries of the Treasurer and
Register of the Treasury $788, which sum, lie al-
leged, had been illegally received by these ofliceis
for signing treasury notes, for which no extra com-
pensation should have been given.
Mr. BAYLY said he had been prevented from
attending the House on yesterday by a severe in-
fluenza, from tho effects of which he had so little
recovered that he would not have been here to-day,
if, in addition to public duties, he had not been call-
ed here by those of private friendship.
He was informed that, near the close of yester-
day's proceedings, the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hai.k] had renewed an attack which he
made at the last session upon the Register of the
Treasury and the Treasurer of the United States.
This most groundless and unjustifiable attack was
refuted and exposed in the most conclusive manner
at the time it was nt first made; and, sueh being the j
case, he could not but express his surprise that the :
gentleman should renew it now 111 the offensive
manner he had. The gentleman was pleased to say
that each of these officers had "filched from the
treasury, without law and ngainstlaw, $788 73."
Mr. HALE explained. The expression he had
used was, that these officers had abstracted these
sums from the treasury without authority of law.
He had not said that they had filched it.
Mr. BAYLY. Such may have been the remark
made by the gentleman on yesterday; but at the
last session the gentleman was reported by the
papers to have used the expression he had quoted.
Be that, however, as it may, the difference is between
"tweedledum and tweedledee." These gentlemen
were officers of the treasury; and the expression
that they abstracted from it money, without author-
ity of law, was just, as injurious as that they had
filched it; and either, as he undertook to say, and
would prove, was most gratuitous and unjust.. If
he (Mr. B.) had been in the. House on yesterday,
he should have repelled the attack on the spot. It
was true, at that time he knew nothing of the cir-
cumstances of the case; but he knew one of theaa
officers well, and upon this knowledge alone he
should not have hesitated to pledge himself, as a
representative and a man, that, whenever the subject
became to be investigated, his conduct would be
found to be entirely above reproach. He had
known, from his earliest manhoodj the Treasurer
(Mr. Selden) well; and a more high-minded and
honorable gentleman did not breathe. He had lived
without reproach, and this was the first attack, as
far as he knew, which had ever been made upon his
character. He did not know Mr. Smith, the Regis-
ter, so well, but he didnot doubt that what was true
of Mr. Selden was equally so of him. He was
prepared now, however, to go much farther than
this. He had examined the subject, and a more un-
founded attack hod never been made upon honora-
ble men, as a short recital of facts, derived from the
records of the treasury, would show.
By the act of Congress approved the 12th of Oc-
tober, 1837, to authorize the issue of treasury notes,
it was provided in the third section, "that the first
treasury notes shall be prepared under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and shall be signed,
on behalf the United States, by; the Treasurer thereof,
and countersigned by the Register of the Treasury."
In no part of the law are any other persons author-
ized to sign these notes. I11 the ninth section, "a
sum not exceeding twenty thousand dollars was ap-
propriated out of any money unappropriated in the
treasury, to defray "the expense of preparing, print-
ing, engraving, signing, and otherwise incident to the
issuing of the treasury notes authorized by that act."
Under these plain provisions, the Treasurer and
Register made a claim for equitable compensation
for signing these notes. But Mr. Woodbury, who
was then Secretary of Treasury, with that caution
and circumspection which so eminently character-
ized him as a public officer, declined to make
the allowance to officers under him in the Treasury
Department, until he had inquired ofMr. Cambreleng,
who was the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and as such had drawn the bill, wheth-
er, in his opinion, Congress contemplated such an
allowance as was claimed. Mr. C. (whose letter I
have now befoie me) in reply, stated that the pro-
vision in question was designed to provide for a just
allowance to these officers for performing the duty
required of them. The construction, so obviously-
justified by the plain sense and obvious import, of
the words used, being justified by the opinion of the
author of the statute, Mr. Woodbury made the al-
lowance. His only difficulty was as to the amount
to be paid. Under former acts of Congress author-
izing the issue of treasury notes, persons not in of-
fice had been required to sign the notes; and for
doing so, the allowance fixed by law was $1 25 for
every 100 notes signed; arid this legislative criterion,
with great propriety, was adopted by the Secretary;
and, in accordance with it, the allowances were made.
So the matter stood until the passage of the law,
approved the 18th of May, 1842, in which it is pro-
vided "that no part of the sum appropriated by that
act, bo applied, and no compensation shall be made,
to any officer whose salary is established by law,
for preparing, signing, or issuing said treasury
notes. It seems that the Register and Treasurer
had signed 63,099 treasury notes before the passage
of this last act, which, at the rate of fjl 25 per 100,
amounted to the sums the allowance of which is
complained of.
They presented these accounts to the First Audi-
tor for the allowance. By him they were rejected.
They were rarried up to the Comptroller, who re-
versed the decision of the First Auditor. It must
here be borne in mind that the Treasurer and Regis-
ter never have made any claim for signing treasury
notes since the act of the. 18th of May, 1842. The
account was presented after its passage; but it was
for signing done before the passage of that act.
The subject was subsequently brought before the
Secretary of the Treasury, (the Hon. J. C. Spen-
cer,) who, whatever opinion may be entertained of
him in other respects, is certainly a man of great
ability and legal attainments, and was a most rigid
public officer. As it had given rise to some contra-
riety of opinion between two of the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury, he requested the opinion of the
Attorney General, Mr. Nelson, who deliberately
examined the subject, and, in a written opinion, de-
cided that the claim was "a valid and fair one,"
