CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
It seems to be the opinion of the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] that the law of 1842
is retrospective in its operation; and such seemed to
be the opinion of the First Auditor. But it is obvi-
ously not so. The gentleman is too good a lawyer
not te know that no law retroacts, unless it ex-
pressly on it® face proposes to do so. All laws are
prospective, unless the law itself shows that the
plain intent was that it should be retrospective; and
even where it proposes to be so, if it impairs the
rights of individuals, acquired under former laws, it
is unconstitutional, as the Supreme Court of the
United States, and almost every other court in the
country, has decided. In this case, the law, by its
terms, does not propose to retroact. On the contra-
ry, the terms used are prospective. They are
"preparing, signing, or issuing treasury notes," and
not "having prepared, signed, or issued."
In what he had said, of course he did not mean to
reflect upon the late First Auditor. A more honest
man never lived; and this very case is proof, if any
were wanting, of his inflexible integrity. He stern-
ly refused to allow a claim, even of nis daily associ-
ates in the department to which he belonged, when
he doubted its incorrectness.
But, for the purpose of this discussion, it was
wholly immaterial who was right, the First Auditor
or the other officers of the government. Those
who were authorized to allow the claim, did it after
full investigation; and surely no just reproach can
be cast upon the Treasurer avid Register. They
only received what the competent authorities had
decided they were entitled to; and the inquiry
still less arises whether the law of 1837, allowing
these officers extra compensation, was wise or not.
Mr. B. was of opinion that it was not; and if he
had been in Congress when the provisions in ques-
tion were under consideration, he would have voted
against them. Then the inquiry properly arose, as
it did thereafter when a modification of the law was
proposed. But whether the law was proper or not,
it was still the law until repealed; and 110 blame can
be attached to those who received what they were
entitled to, in the mean time, under its pro-
visions. if the law was improper, the complaint
should be against those who enacted it. If the
construction of the law was erroneous, the blame
must rest upon those who made it, and not upon
those who did no more than to claim what, it was
decided, they were entitled to under it. This was
the whole matter, about which the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Uai.h] had made such a un-
called for clamor. With the gentleman's motives
for all this, he had nothing to do. lie was satisfied
with exposing, now, how utterly groundless it was.
And it did seem to him, after n similar exposure
made at the time the eh urge was first conjured up,
the gentleman should have been content to abandon
it.
There was another question before the officers of
the treasury as to what appropriation the claims
should be paid out of, and it was this which created
the chief embarrassment. But it does not effect, at
all, the question before this House. And Mr. 15.
would not, therefore, trouble tho committee with it.
Mr. HALE replied, and gave a detailed history
of the facts of the case. lie also caused to be read
a letter written by the late Mr. Tuliy R. Wise, and
published in the Globe, in which that officer set
forth that, three several times, he had rejected these
claims.
Mr. DROMGOOLE defended the officers who
had been assailed by the gentleman from New
Hampshire. He asked how that gentleman could
accuse those officers of having abstracted tho public
money, when their claim was allowed by the pioper
officer. But, even if the claim had been erroneous-
ly allowed, the blame should fall on the officer who
allowed it, and not on those officei s. He objected,
also, to the system of reprisal which the gentleman
from New Hampshire proposed to adopt.
The amendment was then rejected.
Mr. J- P. KENNEDY offered an amendment to
appropriate $5,500 for the support of pauper luna-
tics of the District of Columbia; but after a few
words he withdrew it.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved that the commit-
tee rise, for the purpose of enabling him to offer a
resolution to allow five minutes to each mover of an
amendment to tins bill, for an explanation of its pur-
port.
The vote was taken; and as no quorum voted,
the committee necessaiily rose and reported that fact
to the House.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL then offered his resolu-
tion.
The question was taken by tellers, and the vote
stood ayes 76, noes 26—no quorum voting.
Mr. SAMPLE asked the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being ta-
ken resulted—yeas 104, nays 44.
So the rule was suspended.
Mr. INGERSOLL then offered the said resolu-
tion.
Mr. HOUSTON offered a substitute for the reso-
lution, proposing that each member limit his speech
from this time to five minutes, and that the debate
be terminated at 3 o'clock to-day.
Mr. INGERSOLL had no objection to its begin-
ning now, but did not wish to limit the time for de-
bate on the amendments.
Mr. WINTHROP raised the point of order
against the resolution of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, fMr. Ingersoll,] that it operated a
change of the rule, which allowed one hour to each
member in speaking. Hence it could not be offered
without a day's notice. The point of order was not
pressed.
The SPEAKER ruled the amendment out of or-
der.
Mr. HOPKINS demanded the previous question
on the resolution.
Some irregular conversation followed, in which
Messrs. DROMGOOLE, C. J. INGERSOLL, and
other gentlemen participated.
Mr. OWEN suggested a modification of the
resolution, which was accepted by Mr. Ingersoll,
and which provided further to limit the debate on
the amendments to 'J o'clock to-morrow, (Friday.)
Mr. BURKE moved to lay the resolution on the
table; and the yeas and nays being ordered, the
question was taken, and decided in the negative—
yeas 52, nays 104.
Tho previous question was seconded by the
House, and under its operation the resolution was
adopted.
On motion by Mr. McKAY, the House again re-
solved itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
Ntttte. of tho Union, (Mr. Sm'ndkrs, of North Caro-
lina, in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the civil and diplomatic uppropiiation bill.
Mr. W. lltJNT offered nil amendment providing
for the reduction oflhe compensation of the collect-
ors and other officers (if the customs in proportion
to the amount of duties collected by them.
Mr. H. addressed the committee for a few mo-
ments in lavor of this amendment.
Mr. E. J. BLACK having made a few obsera-
tioiis,
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY replied to the remurks of
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. ELMER having had much experience in
custom-house business, said many reforms were
required m that department, some of which he spe-
cified.
Mr. E. J. BLACK, in some remarks which he
made, reiterated his statements of a previous day,
in relation to a letter winch he hud received respect-
ing the supply of railroad iron from nmnufacturers
of Maryland and Pennsylvania.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY made some explanatory
statements.
Mr. BLACK sent to the clerk's table, where it
was read, the letter of Col. Gadsden, president of
the South Carolina railroad company, which he
said contained Ihc.ts which refuted the position taken
by Mr. Kknnkdy. It went to show, as the result
of extensive practical inquiry for purposes of busi-
ness, first that sufficient raib'oad iron of domestic
manufacture could not be obtained for the South;-
and further, ihut cum at the prices at which the
manufacturer of Pennsylvania and Maryland pro-
posed to fuim.-di the small quantity they could fur-
nish at some time hereafter, (as they admitted they
were not now able to furnish it,) it would cost the
companies some 30 or 40 per cent, moie than it
could be, imported for.
Some conversation followed, in which Messrs.
EDWARD J. BLACK, ANDREW STEWART,
and BUFFINGTON, palticipated.
Mr. BUFFINGTON stated that there whs an
extensive establishment of iron works in his imme-
diate vicinity, from the responsible proprietor of
which lie lmd received a letter, which he had now in
his possession, (and which he had caused to be pub.
lislietl in the National Intelligencer,) stating that he
could furnish any quantity, and would esteem it a
favor to receive huge orders for railroad iron, at
§50 per ton.
Mr. BLACK inquired of the genSeman if he
would agree on his own responsibility to furnish,
in a reasonable time, railroad iron at the price stated
in this letter.
Mr. BUFFINGTON replied that he had no pei>
sonal or practical knowledge on the subject, but he
would hand over the letter of th  proprietor of th'is
establishment to the gentleman from Georgia, as his
personal pledge to the gentleman to furnish railroad
iron on the terms stated.
Mr. FOSTER, in the course of the conversation,
stated that he did not believe the manufacturers of
railroad iron in Pennsylvania, Maryland, or else-
where in this country, could now, this day, this
week, or next week, furnish the southern railroad
companies with iron as cheap as they could buy the
foreign article, duty free. This he was free to say.
But they would furnish railroad iron now cheaper
than Pennsylvania and other States had imported it
for.
Mr. BLACK. This is extremely liberal. He
called on the House and the country to note the
acknowledgment now first made here, that railroad
iron could not be be furnished by our domestic es-
tablishments as cheaply as the foreign article could
be procured.
Mr. A. STEWART agreed to furnish it at the
works as cheap as the foreign article could be im-
ported duty free. The price at Liverpool was $45;
the cost of transportation, insurance, and commis-
sions was $15—making an expense of $60 for the
foreign article. They proposed to furnish it at the
Great Western works, at $50, and are now fulfilling
a contract at that price for a company in Indiana.
Mr. BLACK considered that statement like the
handle of a jug—all on one side—a mere ex parte
statement.
One gentleman told him that the State of Pennsyl-
vania could not produce railroad iron as cheap as
the foreign manufacturer; but another gentleman
now told liim that he would furnish such iron of the
same quality and price as it could be had abroad.
Mr. ANDREW STEWART said that they
would furnish it at the works at less than $60 a ton;
and that, deducting the duty, was cheaper than it
could be furnished at Liverpool.
Mr. BLACK said that was another question.
Would the gentlemen say that he could furnish rail-
road iron to be laid down at Charleston as cheap as
it could be done by I he foreign manufacturer? To
that question the gentleman was silent. Mr. Black's
time being out, he here offered an amendment to the
amendment to increase the reduction proposed #100
in tile first item, and observed that he would fill up
the five minutes allowed him by speaking on that
amendment.
The CHAIR said that the hour of two o'clock
having arrived, the gentleman must, in compliance
with the resolution of this morning, which allowed
him five minutes, speak to the question before the
committee.
Mr. BLACK desired to say but a few words
more. Ho wished simply to gall the attention of
the country again and again to the facts that had
been elicited bv this debate.
The CHAIR called the gentleman to order for ir-
relevancy.
A discussion on the point of order ensued, in
which Messrs. WELLER, HOUSTON, aad
DROMGOOLE, participated.
Mr. BLACK said he only wanted to call the at-
tention of the country to the fact that one geiMe-
man acknowledged that he could not produce iron
as cheap as it could be got from foreign countries.
Another gentleman got up, and said that he could
produce it at a certain price, which he said was as
cheap at his iron works; but when he asked him if
he could furnish it to the railroad companies on as
good terms as it could be got from abroad, he Was
selent, and could not answer. This was a conclu-
sive answer to all the arguments used by the friends
of a protective tariff. The House would perceive
that, when the duty on railroad iron was taken off,
the State of Pennsylvania availed herself of it to the
amount of two millions of dollars.
Mr. HUDSON called the gentleman co order.
Mr. B. then concluded his remarks, by again
reading and commenting nn the letter of Col. Gads-
den in relation to the prices of railroad iron.
Mr. RAYNER here raised the question of order,
whether the resolution of this morning, allowing
members to speak five minutes to the amendments
they offered, did not conflict with the standing rule of
the House allowing members to speak one hour.
After some remarks from Mr. DROMGOOLE,
