CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
After remarks by Messrs. TUCKER and AN-
DREW" STEWART,
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question was taken on the original amend-
ment; and it was rejected.
AGRICULTURAL STATISTICS PATENT OF-
FICE, &C.
Mr. HENLEY moved an amendment, for fur-
nishing such scientific works as necessary for the
Patent Office, $1,000, and for the collection of agri-
cultural statistics and other purposes, $3,000—the
whole sum to be paid out of the patent fund.
Mr. McKAY advocated the amendment.
The question being taken, the amendment was
adopted.
Mr. PRATT again offered his amendment in re-
lation to repairs of the President's House, Capitol,
lamp-lighting, &c.
Mr- McKAY said that it had been usual for ap-
propriations for the public buildings and grounds to
be added to the general appropriation bill, on the
motion of the chairman of the Committee on Public
Buildings. It was not usual for such appropriations
to be reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. RATHBUN offered an amendment to the
amendment, to strike out the appropriation for the
purchase of hose for the Anacostia Fire company.
Mr. R. said that liberal appropriations had already
been made for such objects, and he was unwilling
to tax the people further for them.
This amendment was rejected.
Mr. J. STEWART moved to amend the amend-
ment, by substituting $1,500 instead of $3,000, for
repairs of the presidential mansion.
This amendment was rejected; and
The question being taken on Mr. Pratt's amend-
ment, it was agreed to—ayes 80, noes 33.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY offered an amendment,
appropriating $5,0ff0 for the liquidation and settle-
ment of the debt due the Maryland hospital for the
support of lunatic paupers of the District of Colum-
bia, from March 10, 1843, to June 10, 1844, to be
disbursed by the marshal of the District of Colum-
bia. After an explanation from Mr. K.
The question was taken on the amendment; and
it was adopted—ayes 72, noes 44.
Mr. PRATT submitted an amendment to appro-
priate jp80,000 for fire-proof buildings for the War
and Navy Departments, $20,000 for a south wing to
the treasury buildings, and $40,000 for a west wing
10 the Patent Office.
Mr. P. advocated Ins amendment, stating that
this government was now renting 91 rooms, at a
rent of |6,000 per annum; and they were not fire-
proof nor watched, and were exceedingly unsafe.
He thought this government should not continue to
be the tenant of tenants. They had hitherto had
three public buildings burned down within twelve
years, (and, if he might be allowed to say it, a
burned child dreads the tire,) the Post Office, the
Treasury, and (lie Patent Office; and a proper regard
for the public archives would seem to demand the
adoption of this amendment. Ho desired gentle-
men distinctly to understand that, in acting on this
amendment, they had as much interest in the gov-
ernment as he had. Being on the Committee on
the Public Buildings and Grounds, it was not only
his province and his duty to state to the House the
wants of the government, but to do all in his power
to have them supplied; and he wished each gentle-
man for himself to take upon himself the responsi-
bility of determining whether this government
should continue to be, as it had been for many years
past, a tenant of tenants, or that it should be inde-
pendent of itself. In moving this amendment, he
was influenced by the belief that the bill reported
by the Committee on the Public Buildings and
Grounds making appropriations for this object could
not be reached in time to be acted on definitively
this session; and they were therefore under the ne-
cessity of endeavoring to obtain the appropriation
in another form.
He wished gentlemen distinctly to say whether it
was their intention that the valuable papers and
archives of the government should continue to be
kept in so unsafe a manner as they now were. He
was sorry to say it, but was bound in truth to tell
it to the House, and to the country, that there was
not a fireproof room in the departments occupied by
the Secretary of State, the Secretary of War, or the
Secretary of the Navy, nor in any of the bureaus
connected with them. As objections had been made
to his making this appropriation Jn the original
form, he had modified it so as to conform to the
rules and orders of the House, and proposed it to
come in at that place.
We now (said he) propose to construct a building
with one hundred and sixty rooms, connecting ulti-
mately the War and Navy Departments, with a
front of about six hundred feet, and two hundred
feet in each wing; when completed to contain two
hundred and sixty-four rooms. There were now
immediately wanted one hundred and eighty-five
rooms, for the convenience of the public service; and
the growth and progress of this country plainly
showed that it was the duty of Congress to build
them as speedily as prudence would permit.
Speaking of the necessity of fireproof buildings
for the public archives, which no prudent business
man, in his individual capacity, would be without,
he felt bound to say that no enlightened legislator
would deny them to the government.
Mr. P. concluded by saying that, in detailing
these facts to the House, he had no doubt that
the good sense of the members would immediately,
and without delay, cause the necessary work to be
commenced. There could be no better time than
the present to make the appropriation, when there
was an overflowing treasury, and plenty of working-
men in want of employment, especially as there
was great danger of its being diverted to a worse
purpose.
Mr. DROMGOOLE opposed the amendment.
The House had not had estimates or a plan laid be-
fore them which they were prepared to approve.
Mr. PRATT here took the plan of the buildings
in his hand, and, walking across the floor, held it up
before the gentleman—saying that he had, like a
true business man, brought him the plan to look at,
that he might act uriderstandingly. As he would
never show anything that was not clearly right, he
did not doubt that the gentleman would approve
of it.
Mr. DROMGOOLE observed that the plan look-
ed so well that he was not sure but he might sup-
port it ultimately, having a high opinion of the good
taste and knowledge, of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings; but, at this time, he
could not commit himself to it.
Mr. G. W. .10NES also opposed the amendment.
Mr. OWEN submitted all amendment, so as to
change the form of the amendment of the gentle-
man from New York, by referring the whole sub-
ject to the P esident of the United States, that he
might employ a skilful artist to prepare plans and
estimates, and report thereon.
Mi. J. STEWART opposed the whole scheme
as extravagant.
Ml. I'KATT said that was the last thing lie ex-
pected to see coming from Connecticut. [Laughter.l
On "Mr. Owen'*) amendment telleis weie called
for, and Messrs. Grinnkll and J. Stewart were
appointed; and they reported 88 in the affirmative
and 'J* in the negative. So the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. PRATT here observed that, having moved
for the War, Navy, and Patent Offices, and having
succeedt d in getting one of the three, which was
doing exceedingly well for that House, he felt quite,
gratified and satisfied.
Mr. I. E. MORSE moved that the committee
rise; on which tellers were called for; and Messis.
WiNTHitor and J. Stewart were appointed. They
reported that it was decided in the affirmative; and
the committee rose accordingly, and reported prog-
ress.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day were handed to the, reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. COLLAMEll: The petition of J S Matey, and
28 others, for the annexation ol f. anada to the United States:
referred to the Committee on Foreign Aftairy
By Mr. ALBERT SMITH: The petition of Da\is Alton,
and others, citizens of(ienesee county, New York, pravmg
the House of Representatives to pas>& the Senate postoge
hill.
By Mr. TJBBATTS: The memorial of Beattie McKen/,ie,
and 90 others, Uavellers on the Ohio and Mississippi rivets,
praying that ('ougres*. mar pass a law, which sh<>ll compt 1
all steam vessels and land engines to use Evans s &atety g'urd
to prevent explosions.
By Mr Bli>LA('K. The petition of citizens of Luzerne
county, asking for the passage ot' Senate bill for the reduc-
tion of postage.
By the SPEAKER: The petition of citi/ens of Richmond,
Virginia, praying for the passage of the Senate bill jeduc-
ing the rates, ol postage, Stc. Ako, a memorial of Thomas
1) Driscoll, of Manchester, Viigmia, praying for the repay-
} ment of money lost m the mail oi the United States..
By Mr. CARPENTER: The petition of 129 citizens of
Sangerfield, in the State of New York, praying for the pass-
age, by the House of Representatives, of the b$l to reduce
the rates of postage, recently passed by the Senate of the
United States: referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
By Mr. SHEPARD CARY: The petition of Nehemiah
Small, of Quebec, Maine, for payment of fishing bounty due
schooner Argus.
By Mr. POLLOCK: The petition of Jehu John and 28
others, citizens of Northumberland pounty, Pennsylvania,
praying for the establishment of a mail route from Sunbury,
Northumberland county, via Snydertown and Rushville, to
Danville in Columbia county, Pennsylvania. The petition
from John C.Greer and 72 others, citizens of Northumber-
land and Columbia counties, Pennsylvania.
By Mr. SPEPARD CARY: The petition of Samuel B.
Wardsworth and 206 others, citizens of Eastport, Maine,
for an appropriation for building a new custom-house at
that place: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. FISH: The memorial oi the mayor, aldermen, and
commonalty, of the city of New Yoik, praying the passage
of a law to prevent the importation into this country of for-
eign paupers and criminals. The memorial of 180 deaf
mutes, residents of the New York institute for the deaf and
dumb, for the speedy passage oftho post office bill. The
memorial of H. P. Peet and 11 others, prayingtlhe passage
of the Senate bill reducing the rates of postage. The me-
morial of Edgar Ketchum and 17 others, praying the pas-
sage of the Senate bill reducing the rates of postage. The
memorial of Alfred Rigg, and 20 other citizens of New
York, prayingthe passageofthe Senate bill for the reduc-
tion of postage.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 21, 1845.
On motion, the reading of the journal was dis 
penscd with.
Mr, MILLER presented a petition from 95 citi-
zens of the county of Fairfax, Virginia, protesting
against the passage of the bill to change the draw
of the Potomac bridge: referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Department,
transmitting statements showing the amount of du-
ties paid on the importation of foreign goods and
merchandise, and refunded since the close of the
last session of Congress; the number of pending
applications for refunding duties, and communi-
cating the instructions relative to the refunding of
the same; which, on motion by Mr. HUNTING-
TON, was referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Also a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting, in obedience to the resolution of
the 21st July, 1844, a report of a chemical analysis
of su^ar and molasses; which-, on motion by Mr.
HUNTINGTON, was referred to the Committee
on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. D1X presented a petition from 16 citizens of
the United States, praying that Congress will put
an end to the traffic m public lands, and that it be
laid out in the form of lots for the free use of such
citizens as choose to settle upon and cultivate them:
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a memorial from
David Hass, asking that he may be employed in
publishing for Congress a new map of Texas: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented resolutions adopted
by the legislature of Maine, requesting the senators
and representatives from that State to urge the pass-
age of a bill for the relief of those citizens who suf-
fered by spoliations committed by France on the
American commerce prior to 1800; which were
read, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from cer-
tain citizens of Alleghany county, New York, pray-
ing that Congress will appropriate less money to
build fortifications, and adopt, as a substitute there-
for, some tribunal—a congress of nations—to settle
by arbitration all international difficulties: referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FOSTER presented a memorial from John
L. Allen, of Mississippi, representing that he had
discovered an improvement in the construction of
muskets, rifles, pistols, and other firearms, and
praying that Congress will adopt it in the service of
the United States: referred to the Committee on
Mihtaiy AlTaiis.
Mr. F. also repoited, from the Committee on
Claims, a joint resolution for the settlement of the
accounts of Putney & Riddle; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the Committee on
Indian Affairs was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the memorial of the Cherokee Indians
who have become citizens of North Carolina, pray-
ing for the full value of their property, which was
unlawfully sold: the resolutions of the legislature of
