CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RITES, AT ONE) DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1845.
Volume 14....No. 21.
[ Continued from No. 20.]
Here Mr. S. read the clause in the constitution,
and commented upon it at considerable length.
He then adverted to the discussions in the con-
vention which frrmed the constitution, and particu-
larly to the amendments and alterations made in re-
lation to the various drafts of the fourth article; de-
ducing, from these discussions, that the power to
admit new States into the Union, was intended to
apply exclusively to States arising out of the ter-
ritories of the confederating States.
Mr. S. next examined the grounds upon which
the treaty-making power was based, and drew
from these premises the conclusion, that to
that power aione belonged the right of treating
with foreign nations for the acquisition of new ter-
ritory. It was not, lie held, till after the acquisition
of foreign territory by the treaty-making power,
that the legislative power could come into play for
the admission of new States formed out of that ter-
ritory.
He then dwelt for some time on the question of
expediency, maintaining that, under existing circum-
stances, the annexation of Texas was particularly
dangerous and inexpedient; whereas, if left to the
natural order of things, and the developments of
time and controlling influences, it. was more than
probable the event would occur satisfactorily to all
the interests of the Union.
Mr. MERRICK next obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the Senate, for about two hours, strongly in
favor of the joint resolution,now under considera-
tion.
Mr. M. said that the final hour of this Congress
was japidly approaching, and each moment was
precious. It was not his purpose, therefore, to con-
sume any of them idly or wantonly; but his position
compelled him, on this important occasion, to con-
sume just as many, and no more, as might bo ne-
cessary to place himself right before the country,
and to present to the consideration of those around
him, some of the ideas which had presented them-
selves to his mind during the progress of tins dis-
cussion. Wo were engaged in no ordinary act of
legislation. Wo had in liand a subject which con-
cerned the Tate of empires, and which was to effect,
for weal or for wo, through uges yet to come, mil-
lions of the Anglo-Saxon race, "in the consideration
of so grave and so momentous a subjcct, it appeared
to him that the statesman, in so vast a matter,
should seek a judicious line of action in the sublime
light, of reason. Firmly deteimined that this frame
of mind should guide him, if possible, he had striven
to brm<£ himself fo it, and lie hoped he had succeed-
ed and doubted not that other gentlemen had made
the same effort, with probably more success.
Still, it could not but strike his mind as strange, and
hard to be accounted for, that we should find opin-
ion upon this question very nearly divided; and,
without intending to reflect upon any, he regretted
to see how difficult it was to rise above the influence
of prejudice, passion, and interest. It might be his
rase. Fie did not claim exemption from the gen-
eral imperfections of mankind. Be hoped that, m
our councils, the advice of the immortal poet Burns
would be borne in mind—
"( almly to scan
Our fellow man;"—
and he trusted he might be permitted to invoke for
himself the benefit of this wholesome and wise ad-
monition, and for those with whom he associated
here—to whom, perhaps, the opinions he was about
to announce might possibly be unacceptable.
The course of this debate, in the order which had
been pnrsued, had wisely and appropriately post-
poned all considerations of expediency, however ur-
gent and striking they might be, to the primary,
and deeper, and more vital question that had arisen,
of the constitutional power of Congress to effect
the end proposed by the joint resolution now before
the Senate.
He agreed that this order was right; and he con-
cuired most cordially and fully in the sentiment so
eloquently expressed by his honorable friend from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Cfjoate,] a few days since,
when he said of Texas, that were she a terrestial
paradise—her sands all gold—her streams imperial
nectar, and her trees bearing golden fruit—were she
to give us perpetual peace and liberty—yet, if the
deed proposed be done, be forbidden by our sacred
constitution, she should not come into our Union.
We had all registered in heaven oaths to observe the
obligations of that sacred instrument, under which
we had all been educated, and to evince our venera-
tion for our fathers who framed it. There coul(Ibe
no senator here who did not feel the weight and
high responsibility of the obligation, as well as his
honorable friend from Massachusetts, to observe
the letter and spirit of our sacred charter of liberty.
But his^honorable friend must excuse him, if he told
him that he [Mr. Choate] was not the only defend-
er and advocate on this floor of that instrument; but
on the contrary, that the tendency of the argument
which he advanced the other day, would be to tear
in tatters that sacred instrument—strip it of its fair
proportions—mutilate it, and render it inadequate
to accomplish those glorious ends for which it was
designed.
The ends designed by the framers of the consti-
tution were plainly set forth in its preamble. He
did not mean to say that the power was given there,
but it showed the object. Ite would read them.
They are:
"To lorm a more perfect union,'establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, provide for the common defence, pio-
mote the general welfare, and secure the blessings ot liber-
ty to ourselves and our posteiity."
There was great scope here. These were the
great. and glorious ends contemplated by tlie framers
of this instrument; and in framing it, tliey designed
to give adequate power to the accomplishment of
these ends. The power in question could be
shown, it appeared to him, to be now indispensably
necessary to the accomplishment of these great
ends; and to these ends the annexation of Texas to
this Union now appeared to him to be proclaimed
to be necessary, by the nature of things and the
condition of the world, in tones louder and more im-
pressive than the tongues of ten thousand batteries.
But ofthat presently.
Let the present inquiry be as to the power—the
power of Congress to admit thin State into the
Union. For that, let us turn to the sacred charter
itself. There was the Bible—there was the Scrip-
ture by which American statesmen must govern
their political morals. If we find not the grant of
power there, let us not assume that power. If we
lind it there, and find it wise, and necessary, and ex-
pedient to exert it now, we are bound to make use
of it. Now, what is the language of the constitu-
tion? "New States may be admitted by the Congress
into Ihe Union." How plain! how explicit! how
comprehensive' Language could not be plainer; and
words could not show more directly and more cer-
tainly our authority and power to pass the joint res-
olution now on the table, than these words. If all
the light of all the stars, as the honorable senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Ciioate] had said, could
be brought to shine upon it—yea, if all the concen-
trated rays of nil the suns that illuminate the unnum-
bered worlds in the milky way could be brought
to shine upon the constitution, this clause would
not be made plainer than it stands upon the face of
that instrument no>v, in these terms.
Gentlemen endeavor to explain away the di-
rect import, the inevitable, strong, plain, simple
meaning of the words used by those who framed
the constitution. Now, one of two conclusions
must be the result. You must come to either
one or the other. If the argument contended
for on the other side, that these words do
not convey the power which, of their own proper
force, propria vigare, they do convey, but are ca-
pable of being explained away to suit any inference
they might choose to draw from them—you must
come to one of two conclusions: either, that those
sages and patriots who framed the constitution, and
handed it down for the guidance of those who fol-
lowed, did not know what they were about; or what
they meant to be misunderstood by their posterity.
If the import of these terms, plain, direct, and natu-
rally suggesting itself to the first blush of the mind,
which every man of common sense and common ap-
prehension must have understood, had been intend-
ed to give a qualified and restricted power, as sug-
' and contended for by gentlemen on the other
side, was it. possible to. think or imagine that thete
would not have been* some one, at least,
amqng all those sages, who, during the
progress qf this clause through the convention, dur-
ing its dissections, amendments; alterations, and
modifications, before its final adoption in the form
in which it stands written upon the constitution?
—some one there who would have said to his asso-
ciates, These terms are too strong; these words are
too comprehensive, and may hereafter, by our pos-
terity, be understood to mean a grant of,power to
admit States from without, as well as within the
Union? Therefore, as we all unite—as it is our
known, understood, fixed, and unanimous purpose,
when we say new States may be admitted, to grant
that power only for the admission of new States
arising within the jurisdiction of the Union—would
it not "be well tp put in some qualifying phrase to
guard against misapprehension hereafter?
If it was their design, then, that this should be so
qualified and restricted, what objection could there
be to putting in a phrase which would so qualify it?
Could the mind of any unprejudiced, honest man,
look at this subject, knowing th,e character of those
sages who framed this instrument—knowing their
patriotism and devotion to the interests of then-
country—knowing the careful and guarded manner
in which they gave power—their solicitude to make
each clause so clear and distinct as to be understood
at a glance by those for whom they were framing it
—could any man believe they would have left such
a palpable contradiction upon the face of their work?
( and that no one of them would have come forward,
when all were agreed that this power should be given
to Congress, and suggested, or have had penetration
enough to faresee the possibility that these terms
might be perverted from their natural and simple
meaning? Would not some one have suggested
that it was necessary and proper, in order to guard
against misapprehension, to insert some qualifying
phrase or restraint? Who, that was notblindea by
some prepossession, could suppose it possible that
these, framers of the constitution would have left
these broad and comprehensive terms there, when it
was well understood that they meant not what the
words implied, but intended the clause to read, as
gentlemen by construction argue that it does read—
"new States arising within the jurisdiction of the
United States, may be admitted by the Congress,
&c." If this was their intention, and these
men had plain sense—if they understood as
much ns any of the cotton planters in the neighbor-
hood of his friend sitting by him, [Mr. Asiilet]—
Little Rock—or the tobacco planters in his own
Slate, they would have inserted this qualifying
phrase, and then we would have had precisely the
same constitution which gentlemen now say we
have. But 110 one in that convention lifted a voice—
not a finger was raised—to put in this necessary,
vital, and essential limitation upon this broad and
comprehensive grant of power, if you conceive that
it was the intention of the convention so to restrict
it. The conclusion, therefore, was irresistible, that
the convention either did not understand the import
of the terms which they used, or, knowing them,
intended to deceive, and be misunderstood; or that
they intended to do precisely what they have clone—
to give the power in the broad and comprehensive
terms in which it is written upon the face of the
constitution, to be exercised with a wise discretion
for the salutary purpose for which we were now
called upon to exercise it, for the common good,
and for the benefits to arise to posterity.
Much stress had been laid by the gentlemen who
attempted to explain away the import of these
terms, upon the action of Gouverneur Morris and
Luther Martin in that convention. Now, let him
call these witnesses, whom the gentlemen had them-
selves invoked to the st#tnd. One of them, he un-
derstood, was called up yesterday by an honorable
senator, [Mr. Colquitt;] but the other had not yet
been called upon this side of the question. He need
not quote the opinion of Gouverneur Morris upon
this particular article of the constitution. It was
read yesterday. The Senate, therefore, were
well informed wpon it. Perhaps, however, it
would be well to read an extract from
his letter, written in 1803—-though he (Mr, M.}
