CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
823
welfare better promoted, and the blessings of liberty
to ourselves and our posterity better secured. All
this could be accomplished by this measure; and,
therefore, it should have his cordial support. Let
that lone star in the far South, whose appropriate
place is in our gallaxy—now looking to us through
tears of kindred affection for the fraternal invitation,
come to our embrace and participate in the peace,
prosperity and happiness of our Union.
Mr. HUNTINGTON next obtained the floor,
and addressed the Senate for upwards of two
hours.
His argument was chiefly directed against the ex-
ercise of legislative action on this subject^ denying
that the power granted to Congress of admitting
new States legitimately applied to any but new
States, arising out of the territory of the United
States.
It was past five o'clock when Mr. H. came to
the consideration of the expediency of the measure,
and being much exhausted, he solicited the indul-
gence of the Senate to be aJlowed to make a brief
explanation of his views on that point to-morrow.
The question being put by the CHAIR on pass-
ing over the subject infoimally, and tt majority ob-
viously assenting,
On motion of Mr. BATES,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 21, 1845.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SENATE BILLS.
The following bills were received from the Sen-
ate, and were read a first and second time, and re-
ferred:
An act explanatory of an act entitled an act ma-
king appropnations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of government for the year 1839.
An act to authorize the South Carolina railroad
company to import certain pipes and machinery free
of duty.
An act for the payment of the 4th regiment in the
2d brigade of the 3d division of the Vermont militia,
for services at the battle of Plattsburg.
An act for the relief of J. Throckmorton.
An act to authorize a relocation of land warrants
numbers 3, 4, and 5, granted by Congress to General
Lafayette.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives of
George Duval, a Cherokee.
An act vesling with the county commissioners of
the county'of Wyandott, the rightto certain town lots,
and out-lots in the town of Upper Sandusky, in the
State of Ohio.
The bill from the Senate entitled an act to amend
the act entitled an act making appropriations for the
naval service for the fiscal year ending the 30th day
of .Tune, 1845, was read a third time and pass'd.
Mr. R. CHAPMAN moved that the House take
up the bill to grant to the Tennessee and Coosa rail-
road company a right of way through the public
lands of ilie United States.
Mr. HOPKINS offered the following amendment
as an additional section, which he said ought to be
inserted in all such bills, to prevent these laihoad
companies making exorbitant charges for carrying
the mails.
".Skc. :i, ,7ni! tip it fmthrr niartrit, That it shall be Hit'
duty ol the loilru.u! company, when the said roml shall lie
computed, to transport the United SUtes mail on said road,
so lon^ and *0 often as cars are made to travel o\er^aid
road, v/hen icqin-'stcd to do so by the Postmaster General,
according to r> schedule to hp prescribed, lor which a com-
pensation shall he paid by the Post Ofiice Department, not
exceeding that paid lor average of stage service for the
time being within the States ol Tennessee and Alabama, and
in case of the failure or refusal of the said railroad compa-
ny to comply with the terms of this section, the right of
u ay granted by this lull shall be abrogated and annulled "
Mr. R. CHAPMAN moved the previous ques-
tion; which was sustained by the House.
On the amendment the votes was taken by yeas
and yeas, and resulted thus: yeas 133, nays 22.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurring on the engrossment of the
bill, J
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, read a third
time, and passed.
DRAWBACKS.
The bill from the Senate to allow drawbacks on
foreign merchandise exported in original packages
to Chihuahua and Santa Fe, in Mexico, came up,
with the amendment proposed by the Committee on
Commerce.
The amendment—comprising several sections, its
general character being indicated by the concordant
amendment to the title of the bill which it operates,
viz: the addition of the words, "and the British
North American provinces adjoining the United
States"—having been read, was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and,
having been read a third time by its amended title,
was passed.
Mr. WILLIAM WRIGHT asked leave, and,
objections being made, (after considerable conversa-
tion on points of order,) moved to suspend the
rules to allow him to present resolutions of the legis-
lature of New Jersey on the subject of postage.
The motion was agreed to; and the rules being
suspended,
Mr. W. presented the resolutions; which were
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. VANCE moved to suspend the rules for the
reception of reports which do not give rise to debate:
rejected.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the rules were sus-
pended, and the House resolved itself into a Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Saunders, of North Carolina, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill—the committee acting under reso-
lutions by which the general debate had been ter-
minated, and five minutes for explanation were al-
lowed to gentlemen offering amendments, and five
minutes to the committee for reply.
Mr. PRATT moved the following amendment, to
come in after the 289th line:
For laj in^ the foundation of the west u ing of the Patent
Ofiice, under the diiectiou of the President, £f>,000; and the
like sum for laying the foundation of the south wing ot the
Trrasmy building, under the dueelion of tin; President.
Mr. P. explained that St was necessary to lay the
foundations in advancc, to give time for them to set-
tle, as the walls were liable to crack if put up im-
mediately on laying the foundations.
Mr. McKA ^ was perfectly willing that these
buildings should be put up. lie thought they were
needed for the une of the government. But they
ought not to come in this bill, but a separate one for
this purpose. He thought, moreover, the appropri-
ation proposed was too small to accomplish the
work. He hoped the amendment would 1 e rejected.
Mr. PRATT said the sum was plenty large
enough to lay the foundations, which was all that
was wanted.
The question was taken, and the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. JSLIDELL moved an amendment, to come in
after line 297, appropriating $100,000 for the erec-
tion of a public building for a custom-house in New
Orleans.
The CHAIRMAN considered that a more proper
place for this amendment was a subsequent stage of
the bill.
After some conversation on this point,
Mr. SLIDELL withdrew the amendment, to re-
new it another place.
Mi. LYON ottered the following amendment, to
come in after the word ''dollars," Jn line 5393:
"Provided said office shall he u-mo^ed to, anil kept at.
such place in the State of Michigan as the Piesident may
fiom time to time direct, and, on the remowil of the said of-
iice, as aforesaid, to the State of .Michigan, or as soon there-
alter as practicable, the smveyor general of said district
shall he required to deliverover to the secretaries of state
ot the States of Ohio and Indiana, or such other officers as
may he authorized to icceive them, all the field notes, map*.,
records, and other papers, appertaining to the surveys and
land titles within their limits respectively, and on the com-
pletion of all future public swneys, which may he made m
s.aid States, to deliver over, in like manner as aforesaid, all
the field-notes, maps, records, and other papers relating
to the same"
Mr. LYON observed that a good many amend-
ments has been offered to take money out of the
treasury; but this one was intended to prevent it
from being; taken out. The surveyor general's of-
was now kept at Cincinnati; and it was well known
that all the lands in Ohio had been surveyed for the
last ten years. The principal part of the surveys
now going on wers in Michigan; and, as the office
of the surveyor was so far removed from that State,
it was impossible for him to superintend the sur-
veys, and, consequently, they were frequently inac-
curate, and sometimes fraudulently made. This
involved the necessity of having new surveys made,
and an additional and unnecessary expense to the
government. The amendment was in accordance
with the advice of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office and the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. SAMPLE moved to amend the amendment,
by inserting after the word "Michigan," the word
"Indiana." 'Mr. S. argued that there was a large
quantity of land yet to be surveyed in Indiana,. and
it was important to the public service to have the
surveyor general's office in the centre of the dis-
tricts to be surveyed.
The question being taken, Mr. S.'s amendment
was rejected.
After some remarks from Mr. McDOWELL in
■opposition to the amendment, it was agreed to.
Mr. CAUSIN moved to strike out the clause ap-
propriating $4,290 for four assistant drawkeepers
for the Potomac bridge, and for oil, lamps, re-
pairs, &c.
Mr. CATJSIN offered this amendment on the
ground that the House had refused to make an ap-
propriation for the bridge across the eastern branch
of the Potomac;, and he thought it exceedingly un-
just to tax the citizens ofMaryland for passing into
one side of the District, across the eastern branch
of the Potomac, while there was a free bridge
across the western' branch. He thought if there
was a free bridge across onebranch of the Potomac,
there should be a. free bridge across the other. *
Mr. HAMLIN observed that he could by no
means admit the correstness of the doctrine laid
down by the gentleman from Maryland, that they
were to make legislation equal by performing two
unjust acts of legislation. And least of all would
he do it for the State of Maryland—a State that
taxes every citizen of the United States who is com-
pelled to pass over hersoil. He asked the gentle-
man if the State of Maryland, through one of her
corporations—the Baltimore and Washington Rail-
road Company—did not levy an exorbitant tax on
every person who travelled over a portion of her
soil? He would be the last man to vote in favor of
the gentleman's amendment, out of any peculiar
consideration for the State of Maryland, which
placed herselfin the position of taxing the travelling
public that may be compelled to pass over a portion
of her soil. When the gentleman asked why the
poor persons coming into this city should be taxed
for passing over the bridge leading to it,, he would
ask him, in return, why the whole people of the
United States should be taxed for building a bridge
with which they had no concern.
.Mr, CAUSIN withdrew his amendment; and, by
moving to strike out the words, "and repairs of
bridge," obtained five minutes more to explain and
advooate the proposition he before submitted.
Having occupied his allotted time, he withdrew the
amendment.
On the motion of Mr. McKAY, the item was
amended by the addition of the words, "and for
ai rearages due."
When the items were read making appropria-
tions for the branch mint at Charlotte, North Caro-
lina,
Mr. PRATT moved to strike out the whole of
these items. He remarked that this branch had al-
ready "cost more than it oame to." He had ob-
tained information from the Treasury Department,
showing that the cost of maintaining the Charlotte
mint had been §182,742, and the whole coinage there
was only $1,100,000. This was paying at the rate
of sixteen per cent, for coinage at Charlotte, while
the branch at Dahlonega cost little more than half as
much (9 percent.) for coinage; and the other branch,
at New Orleans, cost less than 6 per cent. Why,
sir, (said Mr. Pratt,) it would not cost the govern-
ment one quarter as much to pay all expenses of
transportation of gold ore, backwards and forwards,
from Charlotte to Dahlonega, or New Orleans, or
Philadelphia, for coinage, as was the difference in the
cost for doing the business at Charlotte. And here we
have proposed appropriations forming a total of
forty-one thousand dollars for buildings and fixtures,
instead of those which were burnt, besides the an-
nual cost of many thousands for sustaining it. There
is such a thing as "buying gold too dear;" and he
thought this Charlotte branch mint forcibly illus-
trated the old adage about "paying too dear for the
whistle."
This amendment, under various forms of pro-
posed amendments, was debated by Mr. D M
BARRINGER, Mr. DROMGOOLE, Mr. I. E.
HOLMES, and others. The amendment of the
gentleman from New York was then rejected, and
the items was slightly amended on the motion of
Mr. BARRINGER.
Mr. BARRINGER, in the course of his remarks,
said he desired, before the vote was taken, to sub-
mit some obsemtisns on the subject now before
