CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$%$
year, between four and five hundred thousand dol-
lars, The gold region, sir, is an extensive one;
and without the branch mints, it must not only
be subjected to the loss and inconvenience al-
ready alluded to, but the important policy of
the nation in coining at least its own native
bullion, by its own mints, will be, in a very
considerable degree, defeated; for without them
a large- portion of gold will be carried elsewhere
than to the mint at Philadelphia. It will be melted
into bars and ingots, and exported as an article of
merchandise and exchange to foreign markets, and,
to that extent, at least, be an injury to the national
coinage; or deposited with mints of private coinage,
established without the authority of the government.
1 need not here, sir, dilate on the evils attending the
coinage of, private mints. We hslpc had some ex-
perience in the gold region on this subject, (perhaps
under as favorable circumstances as establishments
of this kind could be conducted,) and we have felt
the depreciation and want of uniformity in the cur-
rency, which will always inevitably follow their
operations. By the mints of the government, too,
sir, you prevent much fraud in buying: and selling
bullion, when a ready means of detection is fur-
nished, not only for adulterated metal, but base coin.
They give us, also, as far as such establishments
can accomplish that end, a currency of coin in the
circles of our own trade in the gold region. I am
no advocate, sir, for an exclusive metallic currency;
such a theory would be found to be utterly imprac-
ticable in the present condition of our country, and
wholly inefficient for the vast commerce of this na-
tion. But, sir, I desire to see the specie basis en-
larged. I wish to see as much coin as possible in
the moneyed intercourse of the people; and 1 think
we have a right, at least, for oiir share of it in the
gold region, at the places of production. When
taken to Philadelphia, our bullion rarely returns in
the shape of coin. When converted at branch
mints, it circulates, and is retained among us, at
least for a considerable time. In asking this appro-
priation, we demand but an act of justice to that
section of the country which seeks and derives but
little benefit from the legislation of the government,
other than the general blessings which flow from its
administration.
The location at Charlotte is at a thriving and pop-
ulous town for the interior, and central for all that sec-
tion of the gold region. Making every allowance
for the difficulties which attended the commence-
ment of its operation, or, if you choose, for early
errors, perhaps inseperablo from its organization,
the beneficial results and success of the branch mint
at Charlotte ha\c fully justified the reasons of its
establishment. Individual enterpuse or local ex-
ertion cannot supply the loss we have sustained.
It must be repaired by the general government if at
all. We desire not an expulsive but an ellicient
and safe establishment. From the estimate and
plan of the director of the mother mint, this appro-
priation will answer that purpose. This compar-
atively small expense is indispensable to secure the
object. There is still uninjured a considerable
amount of the public property, which can be used
in the re-estabhshment of the mint, and which
would be a loss without it. I trust, therefore, that
this Congress will not depart from a policy which
has been gravely adopted, which has proved bene-
ficial in rts practice, and which is demanded by every
consideration of justice and propriety.
Mr. HOLMES intimated his purpose to offer an
amendment to lemove the branch mint to Charles-
ton, South Caroltna.
Mr. BAIU11NGER, in reply, said that jso far as
the gold region was interested, there might almost
aa well be no branch mint, as to remove it to Charles-
ton. All the reasons of policy which at first ap-
plied to the creation of the branch mints, operate
with as much force against Charleston as Phila-
delphia. Charleston is on the sea board. The
miners have little communication with that city,
except by the slow transportation of wagons. It is
more than 200 miles from Charlotte, which is the
centre of the gold region. Besides the increased
expense which would be incurred by the removal,
there would be the entire loss of the public property
at Charlotte. It would, in short, be an act of gross
injustice to my State, and in direct conflict with the
policy which originally esrtblished the branch
mints.
The amendmeut offered by Mr. Bariunger, pro-
viding for the expenditure of the appropriations for
the branch mint at Charlotte, as soon as practicable,
was then adopted, as the annual appropriations un-,
der the bill do not go into effect till July next.
When the item was read making an appropriation
of $13,700 for compensation and mileage of the
members of the legislative assembly of Wisconsin
Territory, pay ofits officers and attendants, print-
ing, stationery, fuel, and other incidental and con-
tingent expenses,
Mr. H. DODGE moved to amend the bill by
striking out all between lines 372 and 375j and to
insert the following:
For compensation and mileage of the members of tihe
legislative assembly, pay of officers and attendants, print-
ing, stationery, fuel,- and all other contingent expenses,
$21,425.
Mr. D. said that his amendment was in strict ac-
cordance with the estimates of the Secretary of the
Treasury, whose duty it was made, by the law es-
tablishing the territorial government of Wisconsin,
to submit an annual estimate for the amount re-
quired to defray its expenses. He read an extract
from the organic law, as follows:
"And there shall also be appropriated annually a sujficien
sum, to be expended by the Secretary of the Treasuiy, and
upon an estimate to be madeby the Secretary ofthe Treasury
ofthe UniU.d States, to defray the expenses of the legislative
assembly, the pimtmg of the laws, and other incidental ex-
penses, and the seeiotary of the Territory shall annually
account to the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States for the manner in which the atoresaid sum shall have
been expended/'
Mr. D. went on to say (hat lie hoped the amend-
ment he had oflcrcd to the bill under consideration
would be adopted. The organic law of Congress of
the 20th of April, 18,'Jfi, from which he had just
read, made it the duty of the Secretary of the
Tieasury to make the annual estimate for the ex-
penses of the legislative assembly of the Territory
of Wisconsin.
Mr. D. considered that act of Congress a compact
between the United States and the people of the
Territory. Its object was to enable the legislature
to pass such laws as are suited to their state and
condition, subject to the supervision of Congress.
At the time the act referred to was passed, the popu-
lation of Wisconsin, including the recent Territory
of Iowa, was supposed not to exeeed 122,000 souls.
The legislature was authorized by that law to ex-
tend their sessions to seventy-five days. With a
population at this time of perhaps sixty thousand,
the wants of the people had greatly increased; and,
to limit their sessions to a shorter time, would be an
net of injustice lo the people he represented. The
estimate of the Secretary of the Treasury, and also
that of the governor of the Territory, aio for the
same amount. The Committee of Ways and Means,
in their present bill, had reported $3,523 less than
the amount reported in the same bill last
year. Why this difference? Our population is
rapidly increasing, and the necessity ot legislation
would increase in proportion to our numbers. It
is said, (said Mr. D.) that we will not take the pre-
paratory steps for our admission as a State, until the
appropriations made by Congress aie reduced so
low that we will be denied the means with which to
pay those who arc to make our laws. There are
now two Tcrntories, Florida and Iowa, for whose
admission as States bills have passed this House.
Mr. D. thought the admission of two States, at one
session of Congress, was doing pretty well. The
people of Wisconsin, at a recent election, determin-
ed by their vote, against holding a convention for
the formation of a State government. The immi-
gration to Wisconsin was from every section of the
Union. Many of her inhabitants arc foreigners, who
have left their native country to seek an asylum in
this land of freedom and equal rights; and it is for
the people of Wisconsin to dcteiminc when they
will take upon themselves the burdens of self-gov-
ernment. Mr. D. could not consent that his con-
stituents should be deprived of any ofthe rights se-
cured to them by the existing laws of Congress. If
(said Mr. D.) the state of the treasury is such that
it is necessary to retrench the legislative expendi-
tures of the Territory of Wisconsin, let the pru-
ning-knifc be applied to the salaries of the governor,
secretary, and judges. Reduce the per diem and
mileage of the delegate in Congress from that Ter-
ritory; but do not deprive the people of the means of
making laws for their government.
It is true (said Mr. D.) that we are in your pow-
er, and that this House can deprive us of the means
of supporting and defraying the necessary expenses
of the territorial government. Congress can repeal
the organic law of 1836, and leave us to take care
of ourselves. But Mr. D. could not believe that
this House would do so great an act of injustice as
to withhold from his constituents the amount'here-
tofore appropriated for the current expenses of the
annual sessions of the legislature.
It was true that economy in the appropriations of
public money was desirable and proper; but he
thought, in reference to his Territory, that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means were carrying their re-
trenchment too far. This (said Mr. £>.) is a gov-
ernment of the people, and even-handed justice
should bemeted out to everyjiortion of this extend-
ed republic. Mr. D. would call the attention of the
House "to the fact, that three millions of dollars had
been paid into the treasury by his constituents for
public lands; and as they formed aTerritory of the
United States, it would seem an act of justice to ap-
propriate a sufficient sum to enable them to enjoy
the bene6ts of good government.
Mr. McKAY opposed the increase of the appro-
priation as proposed by the amendment, and went
into explanations to show why the Committee of
Ways and Means had considered the amount in the
bill ($13,700) sufficient.
The question was taken, and the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. A. C. DODGE offered the'following:
"Jlml be it further enacted, That whatever balance of the
appropriation made at thelast session of Congress for legis-
lative expenses of the Territory of Iowa, &c., there may he
remaining, after the liquidation of tlie arrearages of ex-
penses of previous sessions of "said legislature, as provided
lor in the act of the 17tli of June, 1844, be, and the same is
hereby, applied to the payment of the expenses ofthe con-
vention which was held in Iowa in the months of October
and November last, lor the formation of a State constitu-
tion."
Mr. D. explained the object of his amendment.
He said that the legislative assembly of Iowa had
met in extra session in the month of June last, and
had passed, in view of the steps which were then
taking for the organization of a State government,
an act postponing their annual session from the
first Monday m December last to the first Monday
in April next. The object of the assembly in
passing this law (Mr. D. said) would perhaps be
best understood by having it read.
Here Mr. D. sent an authenticated copy of the
act of the legislative assembly of Iowa, entitled "an
act to postpone the next annual election of members
of the legislative assembly of Iowa, and to provide
for the payment of legislative debts;" which was
read by the Clerk.
Mr. D. said that members would observe, from
the provisions of the law just read, that the abject
of the legislature of Iowa in passing it was twofold.
First, to provide for the payment of all the outstand-
ing debts which had been contracted at previous
sessions of that body. Second, to obtain whatever
amount there might be after the payment of those
debts, to defray the expenses of a convention which
had then been recently voted for by the people of
Iowa—to the end that the contemplated State might
enter the Union unembarrassed and free of debt.
Mr. 1). said that the motives which had prompted
the passage of this law, and the objects which it
sought to effect, were, in his estimation, highly
praiseworthy; and he trusted that the House would,
by the adoption of his amendment, give its sanction
to both. So far as this government was concerned,
it did not boot it a cent. The money was now ap-
propriated for legislative expenses, and would be
so used unless Congress should consent to its trans-
fer. By consenting, members would have the pleas-
ing reflection to know that they had in some
slight degree contributed to lessen the burdens
which an infant and struggling community in the
Far West were about takingupon themselves. He
alluded to the preparatory steps towards self-gov-
Cinmcnt, which he was proud to know the people
of Iowa were about to assume, and which would
certainly result in no inconsiderable saving to the
government of the United States.
Mr. D. said that he had had the honor, at an
early day of the present session of Congress, to
bring this subject of a transfer of the remaining
balance of the last legislative appropriation for Iowa
to the attention of the Committee of Ways and
Means. He regretted that that committee had not
received the proposition of his legislature with more
favor. The honorable chairman [Mr. McKay] had
immediately discovered in it, as he thought, a most
dangerous precedent—one which would lead to the
expenditure of untold millions. That gentleman
had immediately beheld, in the vista of the future,
all the new States that had formed constitutions
rising up and presenting to this government claims
