CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
same place to another section, to repeal that section
of the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill which
relates to the custom-house at New Orleans.
After some irregular conversation by Messrs.
SLIDELL and McKAY,
The amendment was rejected.
To the last clause of the bill, relative to congres-
sional printing,
Mr. WINTIIROP offered an amendment to add
a proviso that henceforth all advertisements and of-
ficial notices issued by the executive departments Qf
government or by the public officers stationed at the
seat of government, shall be published at Washing-
ton m two daily papers of opposite politics, having
the largest regular circulation, provided" that the al-
lowance therefor shall not exceed the usual rates
paid by private individuals.
The question was taken by tellers, and the amend-
ment was rejected—ayes 53, noes 58.
Mr. McKAY offered an emendment, which, by
permission of the House, he explained. It would
be recollected, he said, that two years ago a law had
been passed regulating the number of clerks in the
various public offices here, and contiuing them one
year. At the last session, an act had been passed
to continue their employment until the 1st of July
next. The object of this amendment was to contin-
ue to the 1st of January a certain number of these
cleiks. There were now in the Land Office 84 clerks;
alter the first of July that number might be reduced,
according to the estimate of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office to fiO clerks. It was pro-
posed that this excess of 24, if the public service re-
quired, should be transferred to, and employed in,
the other departments.
Mr. RATHBUN moved to amend the amend-
ment to the amendment by striking out the clause
allowing the said 24 clerks to be transferred.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McKAY modified his amendment, .so as
further to provide that the cxcesa of appropriation
for the General Land Office shall be applied to the
payment of any clerks which may be employed in
other officcs in the Treasury Department.
The amendment of Mr. McKay, as amended and
modified, was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT moved an amendment appropriat-
ing $1,400 for railing and preserving the War and
Navy Departments.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was iejected.
Mr. McKAY moved an amendment containing a
series of appiopriations to supply deficiencies of
appropriations for the Vice President of the United
States, for the contingent expenses of the House of
Representatives, for the Treasury Department,
<fec. <fce.
Mr. T1BBATTS moved an amendment to the
amendment, to add to that part thereof in relation
to the contingent expenses of the House of Rep-
resentatives, a clause providing that, out of this ap-
propriation, there should be paid to William L.
Goggin $824 for his per diem and mileage as a mem-
ber of this House, while contesting the scat of
Thos. W. Gilmer.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. WHITE moved an amendment to the
amendment to provide further payment of $940 to
to John M. Botts, as a member of this House while
contesting the seat of John W.Jones.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. RELFE moved an amendment to the amend-
ment; which ivas rejected.
The amendment of Mr. McKay, as amended, was
agreed to.
Mr. McKAY now offered (on his own responsi-
bility, not as chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, in which capacity he had offered the
preceding amendments) an amendment providing
that, from and after the day aforesaid, viz: 30th
June, 1845, the members of the House of Represen-
tatives and senators, shall receive for mileage $6 for
every 20 miles coming to and returning from the
seat of government, to be computed according to the
rule laid down in the preceding section.
Mr. SLIDELL moved to amend the amendment,
by adding a proviso that no member of either
House shall receive any per diem allowance for
any time when absent from his seat for other causes
except indisposition.
Mr. RHETT raised the point of order against
the amendment, on the ground of incongruity—the
bill appropriating for expenses for the current year,
and the amendment proposing legislation, to be of
future operation.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of or-
der.
Mr. SLIDELL modified his amendment to the
amendment, so as to provide further for the reduc-
tion of the per diem allowance of members to" $6.
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment as modified, was agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment as
amended,
Mr. W. J. BROWN moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding the fallowing words:
"And hereafter the compensation of members of Congress
shall be *f6 per diem "
Mr. COBB. Oh! make it fifty cents.
The amendment was agreed to, the vote being
taken by Messrs. Cobb and Bauringer, who re-
ported 62 in the affirmative, and 57 in the negative.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS moved to strike out "6," and
insert "4," so as to make the mileage #4 for every
twenty miles of travel; and it was agreed to.
Mr. BOWL1N moved to strike out "6" and in-
sert "4" as the per diem of members; which was
not agreed to.
Mr. BARNARD offered an amendment to the
amendment, so as to provide that the mileage of
memoers shall be apportioned so as to provide for a
diminution theieoffor all distances beyond five hun-
dred miles, at the rate of $2 for each one hundred
and fifty miles.
The amendment was negatived—45 voting in the
afliiinative, and 70 in the negative.
Mr. R. SMITH moved an amendment to increase
the salary of the district judge of Illinois from $1,000
to $1,500.
Mr. SAMPLE moved to include Indiana in that
amendment; which was rejected.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to add Missouri; which
was i ejected.
The'amendment also was rejected.
Mr. BARNARD renewed his proposition given
above.
The CHAIRMAN decided it to be out of order.
Mr. BARNARD appealed from the decision of
the Chair.
On which tellers were called for, and Messrs.
Russem. and Tucker were appointed. They re-
ported 72 in the affirmative.
The appeal was then abandoned, and the decision
of the Chair was sustained.
A further amendment ol' Mr. McKAY and an
amendment of Mr. G. DAVIS (both offered from
the Committee of Ways and Means) were respect-
ively adopted.
Mr. E. J. BLACK moved an amendment as an
additional section, providing that the furniture pur-
chased for the President's House shall be of Amer-
ican manufacture, if it can be purchased on equal
terms of quality and price with other; if not, that it
shall be purchased at the lowest price, irrespective of
the place wlieie manufactured.
The question was taken by tellers, and the amend-
ment was agreed to—ayes 02, noes CI.
Amendments weie further offered by Mr. G.
DAVIS to limit the expenses of the collection of the
customs at New York to $389,215; and to distribute
500,000 acres of land among certain of the States to
place them on a footing of equality with the other
States: rejected.
Further amendments, offered by Messrs. W.
HUNT, GRINNELL, A. STEWART, and
HAMLIN, were rejected, or were ruled out of or-
der.
Mr. PAYNE moved an amendment appropria-
ting $4,000 to take up the outstanding certificates
and evidences of the revolutionary debt.
He inquired of the Chairman if it was in order to
have read a letter from the Register of the Treasury
on this subject.
The CHAIRMAN replied that it was not.
Mr. PAYNE. Is it in order for the committee
to vote understanding^ on this or on any ether sub-
ject?
[Many voices "Oh no, no."]
Mr. moved an amendment provid-
ing that hereafter it shall not be lawful for the Clerk
of the House of Representatives to draw from the
contingent fund and hold under his control any sum
exceeding the amount of his official bonds.
The question was taken, and the amendment was
agreed to.
On motion, the committee rose and reported the
bill and the several amendments adopted to the
House.
Mr. BURKE obtained the floor, and moved the
previous question; but yielded momentarily, on
pledge of its renewal, to
Mr. McKAY, who said a part of the amendment
adopted by the committee, and reported to the
House, of $87,750 for the payment for books dis-
tributed, was for the ".Documentary History of the
Revolution." There were in the Department of
State 385 volumes of this. work. Of course, the
number required to be executed could be supplied
from the department. He proposed to deduct the
sum of $16,000 for these works, and also to add a
proviso that no part of this sum should be paid un-
til the Committee on Accounts had examined the
charges, and reported to the Clerk that the charges
are fair and reasonable.
Mr. McK. concluded by moving the previous
question.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question was ordered.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions, presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
Mr. PHCENIX: The petition of Edward Howe, jun., and
75 others, m favor of the Senate bill for the reduction of
postage.
By Mr. HUBBELL: A petition praying for a mail route
fromCamsteo, New York, to Bath, New York.
By Mr. POLLOCK: The petition of Samuel D. Jordan and~
r?2 others, citi?(ins of Northumberland county, Pennsylva-
nia, praying ;for the passage of the Senate bill reducing
postage, &c.
By .Mi.BYR-VM GREEN: The petition of 54 citizens of
the town of T.odi, Seneca county, New York, requesting a
reduction of the rates of postage.
By Mr. A. P. STONE- The memorial of James Russell and
-11) others, citr/ens oftho State of Ohio, prajing Congress to
furnish said Russell with means to construct a national
planetarium at Washington: referred to the Joint Commit-
tee 011 the Librai j .
By Mr. DANA: The petition of Marcena Messer and
about 200 citizens of Penn Van, New York, praying the
abolition of the franking privilege and the reduction of let-
ter postage to a uniform rate ot two cents, and newspaper
postage in proportion: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr CARPENTER: The memorial of members of the
bar and judiciary oftho State of New York, asking Con-
gross to make provision for having the reports of the Su-
premo Court of the United States placed with the statutes of
the United States, in the several county clerk offices of the
different States of the Union: referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
By Mi. MACLAY: The memorial of citizens of New
Yoik, askingjfor a reduction of postage.
Correction.—In our report of yesterday's pro-
ceedings, we stated that the amendment submitted
by Mr. Owen relative to a building for the War
and Navy Departments, and which was adopted by
a vote of 88 to 28 in Committee of the Whole, pro-
vided only for the employment, by the President, of
an architect to prepare plans of the building, and to
report Ihtrton. This was erroneous. The amend-
ment provided for the preparation of plans for such
a building as may be ultimately necessary for these
departments, and for the actual erection of such por-
tion of the same as may be required for present
purposes. And, for that purpose, it appropriates the
sum of $80,000.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 22, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Senate
a report from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, m answer to a resolution of the 17th
inst., concerning certain errors or frauds in the sur-
veys of the land m the State of Michigan; which,
on motion by Mr. WOODBRIDGfE, was ordered
to be printed.
Also a report from the Secretary of the Treasury,
showing the official emoluments and expenditures of
officers of customs, for certificates and disburse-
ments for light-houses; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to b« print-
ed.
Mr. FRAN CIS presented a memorial of the Society
of Friends, of New England, remonstratkg against
the annexation of Texas to the United States;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be print-
ed.
The PRESIDENT pro tan. laid before the Sena!®
a report from the Register of the Treasury, trans-
mitting statements of the commerce and navigation
between the United States and foreign countries;
which, on motion by Mr. JARNAGIN,was ordered-
to be printed.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, 1,500 co-
