328
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pies—the usual quantity—were ordered to be print-
ed for the use of the Senate..
t ^r' ®UCIlANAN presented a memorial from
John Mali) or Berks county, Pennsylvania, now
63 years of age, one of the surviving crew under
Captain Paul Jones, asking a pension from Con-
gress: referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, made a report in writing; which was
ordered to be printed, on the petition of a number of
citizens of Indiana, praying the correction of an er-
ror in the surveys of the public land in White coun-
ty, Indiana.
Mr. CHOATE, on leave, introduced a bill for the
extension of Morse's electro-magnetic telegraph from
Baltimore to the city of New York; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. TAPPAN, it was ordered that
the Committee on the Library be discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of Thomas
N. Bryan, and that he have leave to withdraw his
papers.
On motion by Mr. STURGEON, it was ordered
that Margaret and Agnes Bigham have leave to
withdraw their petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. BAGBY, it was ordered that
A. A. Miller have leave to withdraw his petition
and papers from the files of the Senate.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back, without amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it be 111-
d«flnitely postponed, the bill for the relief of George-
town, in tne District of Columbia.
The joint resolution authorizing and requiring the
issuing of patents for certain lands granted to the
State of Arkansas, was read the second time.
Several adverse reports of the standing commit-
tees on private claims were concurred in.
The Senate bill allowing a drawback on foreign
merchandise exported in original packages to Chi-
huahua and Santa Fe, in Mexico, having been re-
turned from the House with amendments, was, on
the motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, recommitted
to the Committee on Commerce.
The bill from the House, entitled an act granting
to the Tennessee and Coosa Railroad Company the
right of way through the public lands of the United
States, was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
The bill providing for appeals in cases of bank-
ruptcy was again taken up for consideration, the
question immediately pending being the amendment
U> the amendment submitted by Mr. Woodbury
restricting the right of appeal to cases in which a
final decree may hereafter be given by the courts in
the exercise of summary jurisdiction.
Messrs. BERRIEN and DICKINSON went into
a legal argument, showing that the object of the
bill—which was to giant appeals in all cases, past as
well as future, where the courts have made decrees
in the exercise of final jurisdiction—would be de-
feated. They, therefore, were opposed to the
amendment.
Mr. WOODBURY, though he was no advocate
for the bankrupt law, thought the present bill would
interfere with vested rights which may have been
acquired by the final decrees of the courts in the ex-
ercise of summary jurisdiction under that law.
He was opposed, after a final judgment of a court,
to the legislature interfering to give a new trial.
That could better be done by another tribunal, if
an illegal decree had been given. If Congress
could do so under the law, they might go back
twenty years and get an appeal in those cases where
properly was vested by final decree, and passed
into hundreds of hands since. It would be a salu-
tary provision of law to give appeals in future cases;
but past cases were beyond their reach.
Mr. CHOATE agreed with the senator of New
Hampshire in his views. He thought, however,
that legislation was entirely unnecessary, so far
as it was intended to grant appeals in those cases
where the courts had exercised a jurisdiction which
they have no right to exercise.
The matter was further discussed by Messrs.
BERRIEN and DICKINSON, and, on the sugges-
tion of Mr. WOODBURY, passed by informally.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back, with an amendment, the bill to
amend the joint resolution approved the 15th June,
1844, in relation to the collecting, arranging, and
classifying statistical information.
Also, reported back, with an amendment, the bill
from the House making an appropriation for the
support of the military Academy at West Point for
the year ending 30th June, 1846.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the Committee on
Naval Affairs was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the memorial of James Marsh, praying
Congress to purchase his invention for a dry dock
at Charleston, South Carolina.
The following engrossed bills were read the third
time, and passed, viz:
An act supplementary to the act to repeal an act
for the better organization of the district court of
the United States, within the State of Louisiana,
and for other purposes, approved February 18,
1845.
An act to extend the patent heretofore granted to
William Woodworth.
v'-. An act to extend the jurisdiction of the district
courts of the United States to certain cases upon
the lakes and navigable waters leading to and con-
nected with the same.
The joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
War to examine and test the Putman plowing and
dredging machine.
An act for the relief of the corporation of Wash-
ngton.
An act to amend an act to carry into effect with
the States of Alabama and Mississippi, the existing
compacts with those States with regard to the five
per cent, fund and school reservations; and,
Ah act for the relief of Noah Miller, of the State
of Maine.
Mr. WALKER presented the credentials of Hon.
Jesse Speight, elected by the legislature of Missis-
sippi a senator of the United States from that State
for six years from the. 4th of March.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, and the joint resolution
for the benefit of Mrs. Mary Thompson, the widow
of Lieut. Col. Thompson, was taken up for consid-
eration, ns m committee, of the whole.
Mr. JARNAGIN opposed the bill, and Messrs.
D1X and SEVIER advocated its passage. It was,
however; passed by informally, for further exami-
nation.
TUB ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution for annexing Texas to the United
Suites—the question immediately pending being
a proposition for indefinite postponement.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, in continuation of his re-
marks of yesterday, addressed the Senate (or up-
wards of an hour, chiefly on the inexpediency of the
measure of annexation. He argued that we had
more territory than we could for ages to conic oc-
cupy, and consequently had no occasion for the ad-
dition of Texas.
He dissented from all the positions taken by the
senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchanan] on the
expediency of immediate action, and urged the pro-
priety of taking longer time to consider the matter.
He recapitulated the arguments of the senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Moreheai),] and the senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Choatk,J with which,
in the main, he concurred.
In conclusion, he eulogized the constitution, and
invoked senators to preserve it inviolate.
Mr. ASHLEY said he rose to address the Sen-
ate upon this occasion, embarrassed by a very severe
cold, and embarrassed by the position in which he
had been placed in consequence of the able argu-
ments which had been heard upon this ques-
tion. Situated, however, as he was, he would feel
that he was recreant to the duty he owed to
the noble State which had confided to him the posi-
tion that he now occupied, if he should suffer this
question to pass without doing something more than
to give his silent vote. When he said that this
whole subject was a new one to him, and that he
had had no further opportunity of examining it
than that which he had acquired sinec he had been
a member of this body, it would not be surprising
perhaps that he should adopt what had beer adopt-
ed by gentlemen who had preceded him. The
course of this debate had been surprising to him—
perhaps for want of information. He spoke of the
mode in which this question had been argued—the
mode of construing the opinions and judgment and
wisdom of our forefathers, which had been set
down not by any course that he had eve* heard of
in the practice of law.
Let him ask gentlemen if it had ever occurred he-
fore that an argument had been made use of for as-
certaining what were the motives of a large body of
individuals by referring to the motives of a small
nu iriber ? The convention that framed the consti-
tuCorT was a body of men as large as those who com-
composed this assembly—somewhat larger, he be-
lieved. And whose opinions had been taken as evi- .
denes of the motives of that body? The opinions
of Mr. Madison, Gouverneur Morris, Luther Mar-
tin, and some two or three other individuals; and the
motives of these few were taken as the motives of
the whole mass of the convention. Take one of
your statutes—take the post office law, which we had
been acting upon during the present session of Con-
gress : some lmlf dozen gentlemen had spoken
upon the subject. It was. passed • through by a ma-
jority of 33. When that law comes to be questioned"
in a court of justice, would it not be extraordinary if
the opinions of those half dozen who had spoken
upon the subject should bo taken as expressing the
opinions of all, and the general opinion of the whole
assembly should be disregarded ? It was, to his ap-
prehension, the strangest course imaginable, that we
are to resort to the motives of a few individuals for
the purpose of ascertaining those which" governed
the whole body. He would, in any ease, grant the
propriety of going back to cotempornncous history
for ascertaining an expression of the situation of the
whole country; but ho would not grant the pro-
priety of examining the opinion of three or four incn.
Under what circumstances hud this argu-
ment been made use of? For the purpose of
showing the doubts as to power? For the purpose
of putting « construction upon the face ol that which
admits ol doubt? No: for no such purpose; but for
the purpose of raising a doubt to destroy the plain
and obvious construction on the face of the consti-
tution. Was not this true? Had not the argu-
ments made use of by the honoraolc Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Rives,] and by the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Morkhkad,] and every other gen-
tleman on that side, been directed to that object?
This mode of proceeding was different from any
course which lie hud ever seen passed when a ques-
tion of construction camo up for adjudication befoie
a court of justice.
lie would be as biief as possible. lie, claimed
that this territory belongs lo us now; that wo had
never parted with it; that we had no power to part
with it. He claimed that, by the concurrent au-
thority of every prominent man in the country, wc
did acquire Texas by the treaty of 1803. This had
been assented to by all—by the public ministers
on both sides, and recognised byjthe Spanish minis-
ter himself. Assuming that as true, then—and he
had hcai d many men admit the truth of the propo-
sition,and yet deny that Texas, in conscqucnce of
the subsequent action of this government, continued
a portion of the territory of the United States—how
did she lose her citizenship or nationality by any act
to which she did not consent?
lie was an advocate of the strict construction of
the constitution, lie had been educated to believe
that it was the only manner in which wc could keep
up a government of delegated powers within the
limits prescribed to it; and he would apply this
course to all cases upon which he should be called
upon to vote. He was willing to extend it as lib-
erally as the nature of the case would legitimately
require, to carry into execution those delegated
powers. The power to admit new States into this
Union must be exercised in one of two different
ways. How was it to be exercised? What au-
thority does this grant of power give? If it be ne-
ccssaiy that we should acquire the territory first,
then it grants to us the powci to acquire territory.
If it grants us the power to acquire the land fitst,
then the constitution must give the power to admit
that territory into the Union; because, unless we
first had the power to biing it m, we could not erect
States out of it, "arising tcilhin the limits of the
Union." Let us lake the converse of the proposi-
tion. Have we, m consequence of this grant of
power to form new States, the right to dispose of
the people? No; he did not admit the right.
Let him refer to theonly clause ot' the constitution
under which we could act:
"The Congicss shall have power to dispose of and nmi.e
all needful rutcsand regulations respecting, the temlor> or
other property belonging to the United States; and nothing
in this constitution shart he to consstiued ay to prejudice
any claims ot the United States, oi^of any particular State."
Could any senator glaim—would he dare to
claim—in the face of the American nation, that this
gives the power to part with one solitary citizen so
acquired? When they speak of disposingof territo-
ry and other property belonging to the United
States, they necessarily, from the character of our
