333
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
partment in answer to-resolutions of the Senate;
which were read, and,ordered to be printed.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from 114
citizens of Seneca county, New York, praying for
the immediate rearmexation of Texas to the United
States,, and the occupation of the Oregon territory:
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from 51 citizens of
New York, praying that Texas may not be admits
ted into the Union: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WHITE presented a petition from John
Low and others, praying that the' settlers on the
late Miami reservation may have the benefit of the
pre-emption laws extended to them: referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a memorial from
Alexandre Vattemare in relation to the exchange of
works on letters and of a scientific character; which
was referred to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Pensions, re-
ported back, without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendetion that they be indefinitely postponed,
the bills from the House for the relief of Joseph
Craigmills and Justin Jacobs.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported back, with an amendment, the bill for the
relief of Samel Neely; which, on his motion, the
previous orders of the day being postponed for the
purpose, was taken up for consideration as in com-
mittee of the whole.
The amendment of the committee—which lessen-
ed the amount of back pay—was agreed to; and the
bill was reported to the Senate, and, according to or-
der, read the third time and passed.
Also, reported ■ back from the same committee,
with a recommendation that it be indefinitely post-
poned, the bill from the House for the relief of
Joseph M. Rhea.
Also, made adverse reports on the petition of the
heirs of Moses White, for arrears of pension, the
petition of the widow of John Roberts, the petition
of the heirs of Martha Hough, and the petition of
Stephen Snow for a pension.
On motion by Mr. BATES, the Committee on
Pensions was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petitions of John Hall, and William
Carman—there not being time to consider them this
session.
On motion of Mr. BATES, leave was granted to
John Wooley to withdraw his papers from the files
of the Senate.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, the previous
orders of the day were postponed, and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill authorizing the
Stockbridge tribe of Indians to try the validity of
their claims in the courts of the United States. Mr.
W? submitted a few verbal amendments, which
were agreed to, and the bill was reported to the
Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. TAPPAN laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from Mr. Van Ness, the collector for the port
of New York, explaining that the books presented
to the governmentof the United States by the French
chamber of deputies, were sold by a mistake for
storage, under Mr. Ourtis's administration of that
department, and that they will be obtained and for-
warded to Washington.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, reported a bill for the relief of
the executors of the late Uriah Emmons; which
was read, and ordered to a sccond reading.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, and the bill for the pay-
ment of certain arrearages equitably due-to the
Stockbridge Indians, and for other purposes, was
taken up for consideration as in committee of the
whole, reported to the Senate, and ordered to be
engrassed for a third reading.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, with an amendment, the bill
to extend the provisions of the act passed the 31st
May, 1844, to amend the judiciary act of 24th Sep-
tember, 1789.
MILITARY ACADEMY AT WEST POINT.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, and the bill making ap-
propriation for the support of the military academy
at West Point, for the year ending 30th June, 1846,
was taken up for consideration as in committee of
the whole.
The amendment of the Finance Committee, au-
thorizing the President to appoint aboard of visiters
to attend at the annual examination of the military
academy, who are to report to the next Congress
the condition of that institution, was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and or-
dered to a third reading; and the question being,
"Shall ii pass?"
Mr. BREESE remarked that he was instructed
by his legislature to vote for the discontinuance of
that institution. He wished, therefore, to record
his vote, and asked for the yeas and nays.
They were ordered.
Mr. WOODBURY remarked that he was also un-
der instructions to vote against the bill; otherwise he
would vote for it.
Mr. EVANS remarked that this was the usual
bill making appropriation for the support of that in-
stitution, which existed by law, ana therefore the
withholding of the appropriation, though ii would
embarrass the institution, would not abolish it. To
abolish it would require a separate act, which gen-
tlemen could introduce, and vote for in compliance
with their instructions.
Mr. BREESE said he considered it a part of his
instructions to vote against tlie sustenance of that
institution.
The question was then taken, and the bill was
passed—yeas 3SI, nays 10, as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Archer, Ashley, Atchison, litigby, Bar-
row, JSates, Bayard. Benton, JJerntm, Buchanan, Choate,
Clayton, Colquitt, Dayton, Dickinson, I)ix, tivanl, Fiauoiy,
Henderson,' Huger, Huntington, John-son, Mansrnm, Millei,
Phelps, Porter, Sevier, Sturgeon, Upham, Walker, White,
and Woodhridge—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Athciton, Bieese. Fairlield, Fos-
ter, Ilannegau, Niks, Semple, Tappan, and Woodbury—10
u FLORIDA AND IOWA. ^
/ Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
^ diciary, reported back without amendment and fa-
vorably to its passage, die bill from the House for
the admission of the States of Iowa and Florida into ^
the Union.     yf
The consideration of the veto of the President on
the bill relating to the construction of revenue steam
vessels, was, on the motion by Mr. HUNTING-
TON, postponed till Thursday next, at half past
11 o'clock.
On motion by Mr. DIX, the Senate resumed, as
in committee of the whole, the consideiation of the
bill for the relief of Mrs. Mary Thompson, the
widow of the late Lt. Col. Thompson.
Messrs. DIX, SEVIER, and PliELPS explained
and enforced the passage of the bill, and
Messrs. JAUNAGIN and CLAYTON opposed
it, on the ground that bills had heen previously
passed for Tier relief, in full of all claims of her hus-
band against the government.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The House bill making appropriation for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of government for the
year ending 30th of June, 1846, was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution for annexing Texas to the United
States—the question immediately pending being a
proposition for indefinite postponement.
Mr. DAYTON being entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the Senate for nearly two hours.
He rcmaiked that he was impelled to speak on
this Subject not only by his own feelings, but un-
der the request of the legislature of his State. It
had been well said that coming events cast their
shadows before; and to his mind the shadow of
events yet in futurity, with icgard to this Union,
seemed to grow darker as p ojects of the nature of
that before us became probable events.
/lie objected to the measure now under considera-
tion as being defective in every particular; not only
in principle, but in form, phraseology, and every-
thingthat could constitute an act of constitutional
national legislation.
He entered into a critical and minute review of
the wording of the joint resolution. It wanted, (he
said,) in the first place, specification of details; yet
there was one distinct enumeration—that Congress
had power over the whole matter. On his side of
the House, he and his friends denied this power.
On this point he and they took issue at once against
the friends of annexation. He investigated the ar-
guments in support of the constitutional power, and
rejected every construction adopted m support of
those arguments.! He referred to Mr. Jefferson's
opinions as bein&'in accordance with his view of the
subject.
He quoted the clause of the fourth article of the
constitution, to the effect that- "new States may be
admitted into this Union by the Congress," &c.; and
proposed to examine this clause in reference to two
tests or rules of construction sanctioned by the high-
est authority. These two rules, are:
First: The construction of statutes depends on the
intention, to be collected from a particular provision,
or from the general context. .
Second: A thing which is in the letter of the sta-
tute, is not within the statute, unless it be the inten-
tion of the makers.
With these tests Mr. D. proceeded to an elaborate
and technical investigation of the legal bearing,
meaning, definitions, and limitations of the power
giyen by the fourth clause of the constitution.
(In the course of his remarks he commented at
some length upon the observations of the senator
from New York on Saturday touching the fact,
whether annexation was or was not a prominent is-
,eue in the State of New York at the late elections,
t Mr. D. maintaining that it was not a prominent is-
sue. - 1
Re then reverted to the technical meaning of the
constitutional power to admit new States; and de-
duced from the general context of the whole con-
stitution, that the power was intended to be con-
fined exclusively to the admission of new ntatea
growing out of the territory of the United States.
He drew an analogy from the power given by the
constitution to the judicial department; and argued
that the same construction which annexationists ap-
plied to the fourth section of the constitution /would
extend the jurisdiction of the judicial department to
all tho foreign nations of the world. ;
lie stated difficulties which appeared to him in-
surmountable, in reference to the citizenship of
the inhabitants ofTexas, thus admitted; contending
that if admitted at once, as proposed, foreigners now
in Texas, and owing allegiance to the sovereignties
under which they were liorn, would come without
any probation or guards into tho fruition of citi-
zenship, whilst foreigners arriving at any of our
own ports have to wait five years and go through
various forms of law before they can become citi-
zens. llo also dwelt on the constitutional impedi-
ment with regard to the representation of Texas in
Congress, by citizens of Texas, until they shall
have been in the Union for seven or nine years.
Besides, representation would be given for Mexican
peasants, and Indians now admitted to citizenship
m Texas. He had another objection: it was to
the extension of the representation of negro popu-
lation.
iMr. D. took the ground that the exercise of tho
power of Congress in the annexation of Texas was
a blow against State rights; and he protested against
it, as a measure calculated to make the small States
vassals and dependents upon the large States. He
contended that if New Jersey at the time of the con-
federation had foreseen the probability or pos-
sibility of such an exercise of this power,
neither she nor any of the small original States
would have consented to such a dangerous
alliance. They were induced to join tho Union
Cinder tlfe- promises and belief ' that the sov-
ereignty and equality of the Slates, whether large or
small, would be preserved inviolate in the Senate of
the United States. Now, he contended that the ex-
tension of the confederation to foreign States was a
breach of faith to the original small States, which
must prove their destruction^
He next argued tho question of jurisdiction, and
maintained that the power of the constitution to
tlmt end was confined to the the territory of the
Union; and, outside of the territory, only to its citi-
zens and property—over its army and navy, for in-
stance, and snipping, &c. In answer to the senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Henderson,] with reference
to the hope he expressed that Cuba would yet lie
ours, Mr. D. took an extensive view of the possibil-
ity of that principle being carried out, if once begun,
until the genius of America, in the shape of the
buxom goddess that sprung from the brain of Jove,
would stride from province to province, and from isl-
and to island, plucking down the flags of Spam,
France, and England, and raising in theii stead the
flpating stripes and stars of the United States.
■.Speaking again of the principle that Texas,
which he understood now admits foreigners to citi-
zenship upon six months' residence, and when ad-
mitted into this Union would thus bring foreigners
into our citizenship five years sooner than they
could under our constitution obtain it, Mr. D.
supposed ■ the only way the friends of annexa-
tion could get over the difficulty would be by re-
