334
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
An act for the relief of Joseph Ramsay.
An act for the relief of the president and directors
of the Dismal Swamp Canal company.
An act for the relief of Robert Perkins.
A bill from the House of Representatives entitled
An1 afct to alter the corporate limits of Georgetown,
was taken Up and considered as in committee of the
whole.
After debate, in which Messrs. MFLLER,
EVANS, BREESE, BEJNTON, ARCHER
DICKINSON, BAGBY, WHITE, and WOOD-
BURY took part, the bill was reported without
amendment, and passed.
Mr. EVANS remarked that a bill was passed
since the recess to enable the Chickasaw nation to
try the validity of their claims in the courts of the
United States. The gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jarnagin,] who was absent when it was
passed, desired to say something in opposition to it.
He therefore moved to reconsider lite vote on the
passage of the bid, to enable that senator to express
nis views upon it.
Mr. .TARNAGIN showed that if the bill was
passed, testimony would be procured to prove the
validity of any claim, whatever might be its charac-
ter. It would be a saving to the government, and
Indians too, if Congress would pay the claims at
once, rather than allow the claimants to try the va-
lidity of their claims in the manner proposed.
Mr. WALKER showed that the trust funds of
the Chickasaws had been misapplied; and that they
merely asked that the difference of opinion between
the executive and two committees of Congress, on
the propriety of the application of the money to
which they were entitled by treaty stipulations,
may be settled by a judicial tribunal. They have
sent an agent (an Indian) here to superintend the
passage of this bill, believing that it will be to them
the cheapest mode of effecting a settlement of their
claims. The expense of trying the validity of their
claims before a judicial tribunal would be infinitely
less than the expense they incur by sending on
agents to press a settlement before Congress.
Mr. JARNAGIN entered at large into the man-
ner of the misapplication of the fund belonging to
the Chickasaw's, held in trust by the United States.
He showed that their fund had been squandered by
those having the management of the trust, in pay-
ing extra clerk-hire and otherwise; and contended
that the government was bound to make good the
fund, and that Congress should settle the claims
without subjecting these poor Indians (who had
been wronged) to the expense of maintaining suits
in the courts in this District.
Mr. WALKER remarked that he had discharged
his duty to the Indians who were present, and de-
sired the passage of the bill.
The question was then taken on the motion to re-
consider, and decided in the affirmative—yeas '25,
nays not counted.
Mr. DAYTON said when the Judiciary Com-
mittee acted upon the bill, they had not as much
light upon the subject as had been communicated to
the Senate by the senator from Tennessee. He
hoped that the bill would be permitted to lie over till
to-morrow.
The question was acquiesced in.
The special order was called for, which was, the
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. HUGER expressed the wish as the senator
from Georgia [Mr. Berrii'.k] was indisposed, that
the. Senate would prnieed to other business.
Mr. McDUFFIE was opposed to that motion,
He hoped that if there was any other senator, who
intended to speak to the question, that he would
avail himself of the floor then. He. was scarcely
able to stand, but rather than the question should be
postponed, he wouid attempt to say something then.
Messrs. ARCHER and MOREHEADexpiessed
the pleasure that they wouid feel to hear the views
of the senator from South Carolina, if he felt him-
self sufficiently in health to proceed in his remarks.
The question was then taken on the motion to
proceed to the consideration of the special order,
and decided in the affirmative bv yeas 30, nays 11.
Mr. McDUFFIE said he had come to the Senate
without a single note of preparation, or the slight-
est expectation of saying tmything upon this ques-
tion now, or at any future time. He had hoped
that the vote was to be taken to-night, and with that
expectation he had left a sick bed to record his vote
in favor of this measure. In order, however, that
the precious time of the Senate might not be mis-
spent, so far as this question was concerned, he was
willing, with scarcely the physical ability to stand
upon his feet, to-say all that he deemed most im-
portant that he should say upon this subject-. He
thought, however, that he was better prepared, as
many others had frequently found, in the circum-
stance that he had made no preparation at all.
When we have anything to say impromptu, we are
very apt to think more intensely upon it than when
| we lean upon previous preparation.
i He should proceed, then, at once to the great pre-
1 liminary question : Has Congress the power to ad-
mit a new State into the Union, arising wUhoni the
limits of the original territory of the United States?
; That seemed to nim to be the only question involved
i in the passage of this resolution. It appeared fa
: him that there was an alternative view that must
' be perfectly obvious, arising from tho general argu-
; monts maintained by every senator on the other
j side. He believed there was not a senator who
had addressed the Chair on that side of the. house,
(excepting, perhaps, the honorable senator from
^ Massachusetts,) who had not admitted that the gov-
, ernmcnt of the United States, through one of its
; departments, may acquire territory, and that the
Congress of the United States may admit new
| States, erected out of that territory thus acquired.
; Now he contended that this proposition could not
! be maintained without totally abandoning the great
] fundamental principles of the constitution. What
. was the elementary proposition laid down upon this
subject, and the only one upon which honorable
senators could stand?
It was a very brief clause of the constitution—that
"Congress may admit new States into the Union."
But m this there is no such limitation as presum-
ed. Senators must stand upon the plain express
grant as it, is, or they can stand upon no ground at
all. There were no other means by which they
could reach this great object. How did the question
stand, thei,? Did the framers of the constitution in-
tend that Congress should admit nosv States which
should arise upon any other territory than this? Are
we confined to this territory, or are we not' The hon-
orable senator from Massachusetts, fMr. Cuoatk,]
and the honorable senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Rives,] said the power of Congress to admit new
.States was confined to territory within the limits of
this Union; and yet they admit that if the treaty-
making power acquiies tem'tory, wo can, one hun-
dred years henee, admit States arising upon that
territory. Such a doctrine as this whs in violation
of the constitution in every sense. This was the
simple alternative: the framers of the constitution
either intended—as honorable senators had said—to
confine the power of Congress to the admission of
territory that existed within the limits of the Union,
at the time of the adoption of the constitution, or
there was no limitation at all in relation to the ad-
mission of territory.
The honorable senator from Virginia had devoted
about one-half of his argument to demonstrate a
proposition which was self-evident, that the treaty-
making power is exercised by the President and the
Senate? What is a treaty-making power? What
is a treaty under the constitution of the United
States? A treaty is a compact with a foreign na-
tion, made by the President and the Senate, two-
thirds concuriing. The honorable senator made a
very great advance in his argument by saying that
the power to make treaties was exclusively vested
in the President and Senate. In sustaining this
proposition the honorable senator had devoted an
hour and a half to prove what was self-evident and
written upon the face of the constitution. He (Mr.
McD.) did not believe a word was said by that gen-
tleman as to what were the proper subje.ts for a
treaty, and what belonged to the legislative power of
Congress. Did gentlemen on the other side find m
the constitution such a rule as this, that territory can
only be acquired first by the treaty-making power,
and then admitted by Congress5 It was not so
written in the constitution. They must have ar-
rived at that conclusion by some ingenious meta-
physical process; and although he was once in
some degree a metaphysician himself—he thanked
God he was not so now—he confessed he was re-
ally unable to comprehend the mode of reasoning
by which they had brought themselves to such a
conclusion. ;It was ingenious beyond all compre-
hension, to show that the framers of the constitu-
tion had actually limited the power of Congress to
the admission of new States arising upon the terri-
tory then existing within the Union, and yet, that
they meant that we should only acquire foreign
territory by an inferior power of the government.'
If this argument was really just, why was it not so
written upon the face of the constitution? Was it
to be found in the constitution? Was there anything
said there to prove that territory can be acquired at
pll by the treaty-making power? No; the power to
\facquire territory by treaty was not set down in the
constitution by any express grant. Which was the
powei, the legislative or the treaty-making power'
Honorable senators said it nniust be the treaty-mak-
ing power, and maintained their arguments by rais-
ing analogies of other governments—because in the
governments of Europe it was the fashion to ac-
quire territory by treaty. Did they not recollect
that, in all the powers of Europe, the war-making
and treaty-malting power were vested in royal
hands? In England it is the Queen who declares
war in all her majesty. It is the Queen who wields
the lunce of Mars. In all the powers of Europe
the royal or ministerial powers declare war, and
make war, and terminate war by treaties. With
them the war-making and treaty-making po.wers
arc vested m the same hands. You .find that terri-
tory is acquired by the same hands. And how was it
with us? There was one mode of acquiring territo-
ry, which every senator here admitted—and he was
sure the humblest member of the federal conven-
tion must have had that in mind—which belonged
exclusively to Congress, and that was by con-
quest. The power of declaring war was exclusive-
ly vested in the Congress of the United States;
and the power of carrying on that war, and all the
powers connected with it—the power of raising'an
army, and the power of keeping navies—the power
of raising revenue to sustain those armies and na-
vies, and all the machinery of war,—all were given
exclusively to Congress, us well as the power to
declare and to make war. Suppose some wrong to
be committed upon the Uniied States by Mexico,
which the United States should deem sufficient justi-
fication for the declaration of a war of conquest
against Mexico; suppose that war was to be de-
clared to-morrow: who would declare it' Go-further:
suppose the country conquered. You have sent
fifty thousand men by land, and fifty thousand by
sea by a navy of fifty slnps-of-war—all by the direc-
tion of Congress: "Suppose the territory of all
Mexico proper conquered: Is not that a form of
acquisition conformable lo the constitution? He
doubted whether the idea of purchasing territory
with money ever entered into the heads of the
framers of the constitution at all. But to follow out
this idea of conquering Mexico. We conquer
Mexico: the powers of that government submit:
what agency had we with the treaty-making power
in this acquisition? It was true, the President and
his counsel of two-thirds of the Senate had his im-
portant functions in carrying on this war; but he
merely had an office to perform under Congress,
like every other agent. The war is ended, and the
conquest made Would the honorable senator from
Massachusetts tell him if that conquest would not
be complete—if our title to it would not be com-
plete—without consulting the President and the
Senate, the treaty-making power?
To be sure, as a matter of convenience, if we
should not conquer the whole territory, but only
some of the noithcrn provinces, in order to get the
consent of the remaining provinces it would
be necessary to resort to treaty; but even in
that ease the conquest was made; the whole
thing was complete, and the President and
Senate in the paltry act of ratification
did nothing more than the cleiit who records the
conquest, made through the agency of the power
belonging to Congress; and yet this little treaty-
making power—this power, conferred upon the
President and his council, the Senate—was regard-
ed by the honorable senator from Virginia as the
great conservative power to which the framers of
the constitution looked for the salvation of their
country against the iniquity and wickedness of the
whole government—against the President, Senate,
and all the members of the national legislature, act-
ing together!
'.Thus, the principal mode of acquiring terri-
tory, in the contemplation of the framers of the
constitution was, by war-—which power they ex-
clusively delegated to the Congress of the United
States. It appeared to him that if we were to dis-
tinguish between the powers of acquiring territory,
we must naturally refer to the power which only
can declare war.
Suppose another case. There was but one other
mode, he believed—or he looked upon discovery as
no mode at all—in which territory could be acquired,
