338
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
allowed to send a certain number of letters free,
while for those they received they were thrown on
the mercy of the government. It was, in fact, giv-
ing the franking privilege to the man in the country
with whom they corresponded, while the letter* re-
ceived by members of Congress on business for
others were not comprehended within this priv-
ilege.
He repeated,- he believed the service was doomed.
It was to go on to the national treasury without
check or limitation. It was for the wisdom of this
House to determine whether they would thus allow
this department of the government, which now, and
since the commencement of the government, had
had the wholesome, salutary check upon it of being
required to support itself, to be thrown on the gen-
eral government. In his humble judgment, if this
bill were passed,* ten years would not elapse before
it would be an annual charge of ten millions of dol-
lars on the treasury.
Mr. RATHBUN was not disposed to take up
the time of the House. He had a few words, how-
ever, to say on this bill. It was evident, if they
meant to make any improvement by the reduction
of the rates of postage, they must take the present
bill, which, he admitted, had some defects in it.
He was not disposed to yield or succumb to the dic-
tation of the other branch of the legislature—as little
so disposed as any other member. But when they
had a boon like the present offered, notwithstanding
the numerous defects of the bill, he was disposed to
accept it.
He had no apprehension that the present bill
would not, after aorief experience, produce as much
revenue as the present rates of postage yielded. He
looked upon it as one of the plainest propositions in
the world. Like the reduction of fare on steam-
boats and railroads, it would increase the amount of
business. In addition to our experience in this
country of the effect of such reductions, we had be-
fore us the experience of Great Britain upon this
identical subject—that the reduction of the rates of
postage, instead of decreasing the amount of letters
sent, increased it. There, the rate formerly was
7 pence, and it was reduccd to 1 penny—one-seventh
of that pieviously established; here, the highest rate
was 125 nents; it was proposed to reduce it to 5 cents,
or to one-fifth; and, if they took the average, it was
but little over, or did not at all exceed, a reduction
to one-third of the former rates.
As to the argument that the compensation of the
postmasters at Boston, New York, and other large
offices, would be so reduced that they would be an-
nuatly brought in debt, he thought there was no
weight in it. He was pretty sure that whether this
bill passed or not, there would always be hundreds
of persons anxious to fill these offices. He was for
taking this bill with all its defects and imperfections,
without any alteration, as it was infinitely better
than the present system. He looked upon taxa-
tion upon correspondence as a grievous burden
upon the intelligence and literature of the country.
He looked upon cheap communication through the
mails as the pioneer to the universal intelligence of
the nation. Even if the effects of this reform should
be as argued by the gentleman from Virginia, to
draw two or thiee millions annually from the treasu-
ry, he would be willing to go for it. We have (said
he) a fund—he meant the land fund—which could
very properly be devoted to this purpose. There
was one project on foot for distributing the land
fund among the several States, and another for
ceding the lands to the State3 in which they lie—
neither of which projects could stand in competition
with the one for devoting it to the dissemination of
intelligence among the people.
He now moved that the committee rise, for the
purpose of allowing him to introduce a resolution to
terminate debate on this bill in ten minutes.
The question was taken on this motion by tellers,
(Messrs. P. King and Thomasson,) and decided in
the affirmative—ayes 83, noes 54; and the commit-
ti e rose and reported progress.
Mr. HAMLIN then offeied a resolution to termi-
nate debate in Committee of the Whole in ten min-
utes after the House should again resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of ihe Union.
Mr. I-i called for the previous question on this mo-
tion.
Mr. DAVID L. SEYMOUR asked if it would
be m order to move to amend this resolution.
The SPEAKER said it would not, the previous
question having been called.
Mr. COBB moved a call of the House before
taking the question on seconding the previous ques-
tion, in order that they might know whether a ma-
jority of that House was determined to gag the
members and put down all debate on this bill. Mr.
C. called for the yeas and nays on his motion.
Mr. HAMLIN modified his motion by striking
out 10 minutes and inserting two hours after the
House shall again resolve itself into a Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. PAYNE proposed to the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Cobb] to withdraw his motion, so
that he might move to lay the resolution on the ta-
ble.
Mr. COBB declined withdrawing his motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and the question
was taken on Mr. Cobb's motion—resulting in yeas
64, nays 112.
So a call of the House was not ordered.
The question then recurred on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. PAYNE moved to lay the resolution on the
table; and on this he called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and resulted thus—yeas 74,
nays 104.
So the resolution was not laid upon the table.
The question again recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. BRINICERHOFP called for tellers on tlrnt
question; and they were ordered.
Messrs. Grinnell and Douglass were appointed,
and they reported 87 in the affirmative and 63 in the
negative.
So there was a second.
The next question was, "Shall the main question
be now pul?"
Mr. DOUGLASS moved a call of the House.
Mr. GEO. W. JONES called for the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER was understood to decide that,
as the previous question had been seconded, a cull
of the House was not now in order.
Mr. GEO. W. JONES inquired if it was in order
to move to lay the resolution on the table.
The SPEAKER thought that motion was like-
wise out of order.
Mr. GEO. W. JONES inquired if it would be in
order to move an adjournment.
The SPEAKER said it would, that motion being
at all times in order.
Mr. GEO. W. JONES then made that motion.
There were numerous cries for the yeas and nays.
Tellers were called for on the demand for the
yeas and nays, and Messrs. MosEi.f.vand Richard
D. Davis were appointed; and they reported 32 in
the affirmative, and 106 in the negative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted thus—yeas 13, nays 151.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurring on ordering the main ques-
tion,
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked (lie yens and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was taken, and the vole stood—yeas
95, nays 71, as follows:
VKAS—Messrs. Anderson, Baker, Barnard, B< liton,
Brenglc, Briiikerhofl', Burke, Carpenter, Jeremiah K Car),
Carroll. Collin, Causin, Clinton. Collamer. Cranston, Dana,
Darragh, Richard I). Davis, Dickey, Dillingham, Dunliip,
Karlee, Fish, Florence, Foot, Foster, Full.-r, <lidding*, Ily-
ram Green, Grinnell, Hale, Hannibal IJamlin, Harper, Ha; s,
Horrick, Huhhell, Hudson, JJungerford, Washington Hunt,
-lames II Hunt, Jenks, Perlev B. Johnson, Preston Kutt',
Daniel P. Kini?, Kirkpatriek, Leonard, Lyon, JVlaclay,
McClelland, McDowell, Mcllvame, Marsh, Kdward J. Mor-
lis, Jo°eph Morris, Freeman II -lolse, Moseley, Murphy,
Norm. Paimeiitei Pho-nnv Pollock, F.lishalt. Potter, 1'me-
ry I) Potter, l'rntt, Purdv, Itantsey, Jtatlilmii, Charles M.
lteed, Rockwell, Jlogers, Kussell. St John, Severance,
Thomas It Scvmour, Kimon*--, Caleb B Smith, liobert
Smith, Stephen's, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, John Stewart,
Alfred P. Stone, Summers, Thomasson, Tibbatts, Tilden,
Tyler, Wentworth, Wethered, Wheaton, Benjamin "While,
Williams, Wmtlnop, William Wright, and Joseph A.
Wright—0>.
NAYS—Messrs Arrimjton, Ashe, Atkinson, Barringer,
Ba\ly, Belser, Bidlack, Kdward J Black, James A. Black,
Blackwell, Boyd, Brodhead, Milton Brown, Burl, Caldwell,
Campbell, Shepherd Cary, Augustus A. Chapman, C happen,
Cobb, Coles, Cross, Culloin, Daniel, John W. Davis. Daw-
son, Deberry, Douglass, Dromgoole. Ficklin. French, Gog-
gin, Hammett, Haralson, Henley, Hoge Hopkins, Houston,
Hubard, Charles J. Ingersoll, Andrew Johnson, George W.
Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Lucas. Lumpkin, McCanslen,
McClernand, McKay, Newton, Payne, Peyton, David S,
P,eid. Relfe, Rhett, Hitter, Roberts, Schenck, Senter, Simp,
son. filidell, John T Smith, Thomas Smith, Stccnrod, Stiles,
Sykes, Thompson, Tucker, Vinton, Welier, Woodward, and
Yost—71.
So the main question was ordered.
The question then being on agreeing to the reso-
lution,
Mr. ROBERTS moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
The yeas and nays were called for and ordered;
and after some conversation on points of order, the
question was taken, and resulted in yeas 75, nays
103.
Mr. HAMMETT asked if it would be in order to
move a call of the House.
The SPEAKER said that it would not.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution, and the yeas and nays being ordered, the
question was taken and decided in the affirmative—
yeas 104, nays 72, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Abbot, Anderson, Arlington, Baker,
Benton, Brengle, BnnkerhofF, Jeremiah Brown, Burke,
Carpenter, Jeremiah K. Cary," Sheperd Cary, Carroll,
Cathn, Causm, Clmton, Collamer, Cranston, Dana,
Darragh, Richavd D. Davis, Dickey, Dillingham, Duncan,
Dunlap, Klhs, Karlee, Fish, Florence, Foot, Fuller, Gil-
dings, By-ram Green, Grinnell, Grider, Hale, Hannibal
Hamlin, Hardin, Harper, Herrick, Hudson, Hungerford,
Washington Hunt, James? B. Hunt, Irvin, Jenks, Perley
B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Preston King, Daniel P.
King, Kirkpatriek, I.eonard, Lyon, Maclay, McClelland,
McConnell, Mcllvaino, Marsh, Kdward J. Morris, Joseph
Morris, Freeman H. .Morse, Moseley, Newton, Norris,
Parmenter, I'luemx, Pollock, Klisha Potter, Emery D.
Potter, Pratt, Purdj , Rathbun, Charles M. Heed, Rockwell,
Rodney, Rogers, Russell, St. John, Schenck, Severance,
Thomas U, Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simons, Albert
Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith,
Stetson, Andrew Stewart, John Stewart, Strong, Thomas-
son, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tyler, Vanmeter, Wentworth, With-
ered. Wheaton, John White, Benjamin White, Williams,
Winthrop, William Wright, and Joseph A. Wright—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashe, Atkinson, Barringer, Bayly,
Belser, Kdward J. Blnek, James Black, James A. Black,
Blackwell, Bowlm, Boyd, Brodhead, Milton Brown, Wil-
liam J. Brown, Burt, Caldwell, Reuhon Chapman, Au-
gustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Chngman, Cobb, Coles,
Cross, Cullom, Daniel, John W. Davis, Dean, Deberry,
Oellet, Douglass, Dromgoole, Ficklin, Foster, French,
Hammett, Haralson, Hays, Henley, Hoge, Hopkins, Hub-
ard, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson, An-
drew Johnson, George W. Jones, Lucas, Lumpkin, Mc-
Caush n, Metllernand, McKay, Payne, Peyton, David S.
RHd, Relfe, Rhett, Ritter, Roberts, Sample, Saunders,
Senter, Simpson, John T. Smith, Steenrod, Sykes.
Thompson, Tucker, Welier, Woodward, Yancey, and
Yost--7'2.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. S. CARY moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the resolution had been agreed to,
and was proceeding to give his reasons for that mo-
tion.
Mr. RATIIBUN asked if this was a debatable
question, the resolution which it proposes to recon-
sider having been passed under the operation of the
previous question.
The SrEAKER replied that the question was
debatable.
Mr. S. CARY said the gentlemen who were in
in favor of the bill should £ive its opponents some
short time to discuss its merits, and not gag it down
upon them. Here was a bill containin 23 sections,
which would revolutionize the eniire Post Office De-
partment, and on such a bill a resolution was intro-
duced to give them ten minutes to debate it. He
was astonished that his colleague should have
brought forward such a measure.
Mr. RATHBUN rose to a question of order, and
asked that the gentleman should be limited to the
pending question which was the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr SCHENCK also rose to a question of order.
He said a motion was made in committee to stop
debate at a given time; and as that was not a de-
bateable question, the motion to reconsider, which
was an incident to that motion, consequently was
not debatable either.
The SPEAKER replied that they were both de-
batable questions; but he desired the gentleman from
Maine to confine himself to the question before the
House.
Mr. S. CAREY resumed. He said he had an
amendment which he desired to offer, and as he was
deprived of an opportunity to explain his amendment
in Committee of the Whole, he had made this mo-
tion to reconsid#, that lie might be able to give an
explanation, not merely for the House, but for his
constituents. And why, he would ask, should the
gentlemen who were in favor of this bill desire to
stop all debate? He had an amendment which he de-
sired to offer to the first and second sections, in re-
lation to newspapers.
Mr. RATHBUN inquired if this was in order.
Mr. S. CAREY proceeded. He said he had an
amendment to oifer, and he desired to explain its
purport, and to give as a reason why he moved this
reconsideration, that he was deprived of the oppor-
tunity to explain in committee. And he held that
that was a good reason for a reconsideration of the
resolution. The bill as it now stood, if passed in
its present r hape, would allow newspapers to be
sent free for thirty miles from the place of publics-
