348
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Had, then, these sweeping changes been recommend-
ed by the head of the' Post Office Department? So
far from recommending, he objected to them most
earnestly-. He was Willing, as they all were, to effect
reforms, but there was no one act of the Postmaster
General to show that he desired to throw his depart-
ment a burden on other branches of the government.
His friend from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] had told them
.that if the people called for these changes he was not
aware of it; and he (Mr. Y.) was in a like condition
of ignorance of any such opinion prevailing amongst
the people that he represented. He (Mr. Y.) was
willing that the postage should be made 5, 10, and
15 cents; and he had no doubt those rates would de-
fray the expense of the department; but he could
not sanction a change which would affect the people
so seriously int heir vital and social interest. On
what then was it based? He feared it was ou
a mistaken idea of the opinions of the people.
Another argument had been used which was
based on the English system. The honorable gen-
tleman examined that system to show thatit differed
essentially from ours in extent of country and den-
sity of population, and in the abolition of the
franking privilege, and the prepayment ef letters,
and in many other particulars which he enumerated.
This bill he said, if carried into operation, would
cither destroy the small post routes, or make them
a charge on the treasury. The Post Office Depart-
ment should sustain itself and be a charge on its
jcustoiflers; and for whose benefit was it? Why,
principallly for the great cities, which were calling
so loudly for these reforms, that they might be ben-
efited at the expense of the grjat mass of the coun-
try; and thus the farming portion of the country
would have to pay by duties on their iron, wool-
lens, cotton goods, and other articles of consump-
tion, for the correspondence of brokers, merchants,
and speculators. He trusted this bill would not be
passed. There was one plan, he understood, to be
offered, which made the reductions prospective; and
such a plan would meet his approbation; but he
should continue, in all its forms, to oppose this rad-
ical and dangerous scheme.
Mr. DANA obtained the floor. Having given
considerable attention to the subject before the com-
mittee, he wished to give briefly his views. The
whole community, as we had evidence from the multi-
tudes of petitions, and from resolutions of the State
legislatures presented here, demanded a reduction of
postage, and he had hoped that the representatives
of the people would have been found ready to com-
ply with these demands. He referred to the gradu-
ally declining condition of the Post Office Depart-
ment as another argument for action on this subject.
Up to 1840 there had been a regular annual increase
of 5 or 6 per cent, m the revenues of the department;
since that time there had been a rapid and' constant
decrease, notwithstanding the exultation in which
the Postmaster General had represented the condi-
tion of the department in his late annual report. He
entered into a detailed examination of the general
present state, and extent of operation, of the Post
Office Department, and of the prospective condition
of it, which the laws on the subject remaining as at
present, he predicted, must soon be a state of bank-
ruptcy and inefficiency, unless the debts were
thrown on the treasury.
He alluded to the extensive system of private ex-
presses that had sprung up, taking away and defraud-
ing thePost Office Department of revenue which just-
ly belonged to it; and he argued that the best mode
of putting down these expresses was not by penal
enactments, but by such a reduction of the rates of
postage as would satify the community; and nothing
less than that proposed by this bill would do this.
He spoke of the impolicy ofhaving so long deferred
legislation on this subject, and, by consequence, of
having allowed these expresses to spring up to so
great an extent; and he urged the necessity of im-
mediate action on the subject. If it were delayed
until the meeting of another Congress, it would be
much more difficult to root them out even than it
would be found to be now.
He entered into a statistical examination at some
length of the comparative amounts of free matter and
of chargeable matter transmitted through the mails
under the present system of postage, to show the
sheer injustice and inequality thereof. Twenty-
two tons of free mail matter went through the post
office the last year he said. He advocated the
abolition of the franking privilege, and maintained
the justice of those who wrote Jetters paying, as
nearly as can be ascertained, tfic cost of the trans-
portation of their own letters.
Reverting to the subject of private expresses, he
advocated the 5 cent rate of postage-as calculated
to root out and destroy these expresses. He exhib-
ited to the House an advertisement of Hale & Co.,
private express proprietors, as showing the entire
publicity with which this illicit system was carried
on, and considered it a greatly preferable manner in
point of policy to put them down by a reduction of
rates, thus cutting off the inducement to patronize
them rather than to resort to the vexatious and haz-
ardous attempt to crush them by applying to them
the penal provisions of law, by testing its constitu-
tionality, &c. The establishment and continuance
of private expresses on two great routes, via: from
this city via Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York,
&c., to Boston, and from Boston to Buffalo, was
sufficient to break down the post office establish-
ment. Between these points there was the greatest
inducement to private expresses. It appeared from
this statement of facts, how difficult it would be to
root out these establishments, unless the induce-
ment of self-interest on the part of letter-writers, and
of the express proprietors, were taken away by a
reduction of the rates of postage.
Mr. D. concluded, by saying that he was in favor
of preserving the Post Office Department, and anx-
ious to extend its benefits and influence.
Mr. CAUSIN obtained the floor, and asked the
Chair, how much time he had to speak?
The CHAIR said that the gentleman had five
minutes left him, if he chose to speak it out.
Mr. CAUSIN then addressed the committee for
about five minutes in favor of the bill; when the
Chair announced that the time for the termination of
the debate had arrived.
Mr. JAMESON offered an amendment, to insert
a graduated rate of postages of 5, 10, and 15 cents,
instead of the uniform rate of 5 cents as in the bill:
rejected.
Mr. BRODHEAD offered an amendment provid-
ing that the bill shall go into effect on the 1st day of
July, 1845.
Mr. DROMGOOLE offered to amend the amend-
ment, by inserting 1st of January, 1840.
On taking the question, the amendment to the
amendment was rejected.
The vote on Mr. Brodhead's amendment was
taken by Messrs. Irvin and Tucker ms tellers, and
they reported 96 in the alllrmative, and 28 in the
negative.
Mr. G. DAVIS submitted an amendment to the
amendment, to make postage 5 cents for 300 miles,
and 10 cents for greater distances; on which the
vote was taken by Messrs. Bidlack and Brengle
as tellers, and they reported 85 in the affirmative,
and 8!) in the negative.
So it was lost.
Messrs. JAMESON and McDOWELL offered
amendments, which they afterwards withdrew.
Mr. HOPKINS then modified his amendment,
and offered the entire first section of the House bill
as a substitute for the first section of the Senate bill;
on which the vote was taken by Messis. Strong
and Jameson as tellers, and they reported 87 in the
affirmative, and 93 in the negative.
So the amendment was lost.
Mr. McDOWELL proposed an amendment to
limit the 5 cent postage to 300 miles, and above that
distance to increase it to 10 cents; on which the
vote was taken by Messrs. Preston King and Mc-
Dowell as tellers, who reported 98 in the affirm-
ative, and 87 in the negative.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. COBB moved an amendment to provide that
all letters sent shall be prepaid: rejected.
Mr. JAMESON moved to strike out the clause of
the first section declaring letters or packages not ex-
ceeding half an ounce weight single letters, and
charging an additional single postage for every addi-
tional half ounce, or every additional weight less
than half an ounce.
The question was taken by tellers, and the amend-
ment was rejected—ayes 71, noes 77.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the committee rise
and report the bill.
[Cries of "No, no. I have amendments to of-
fer."]
The CHAIR decided if there were amendments
to be offered, the motion to rise was not in order.
Mr. JAMESON moved an amendment to make
one quarter of an ounce (instead of half an ounce)
the basis of computation: rejected—ayes 72, noes
87
Mr. JAMESON tnoved now to make the basis
three-eighths of an ounce, and called for tellers;
which were ordered.
The amendment was rejected—ayes 65, noes 81.
Mr. PATTERSON moved an amendment on
letters passing not over fifty miles, three cents: re-
jected.
A further amendment offered by Mr. THOMP-
SON, was rejected.
The second section, relative to the postage on
newspapers, being under consideration,
Amendments offered by Messrs. HARDIN,
DROMGOOLE, and SHEPARD CARY, were
rejected.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise: re-
jected.
Amendments further offered by. Messrs. GAR-
RETT DAVIS, DROMGOOLE, HAMLIN, and
JAMESON, were rejected.
,Mr. SLIDELL moved to strike out all of the
third section, which provides for carrying newspa-
pers free of charge for any distance not over thirty
mi lest rejected«
Mr. JAMESON moved to strike out, at the end
of that section, the words, "regard being had to the
cost of expediting its transportation, and the means
at his disposal or under his control for effecting the
same:" rejected.
Mr. COBB moved' to amend the third section,
seventh line, by inserting the words, "members of
Congress inclusive," so as to include them among
the persons whose franking privilege is repealed.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to amend the amendment,
by striking out the word "transmit," and inserting
the word "receive," so that members of Congress
may receive, and not transmit, letters and packages
free of postage.
Mr. COBB modified his amendment, so as to
agree with Mr. Hopkins's amendment to it-
The question was taken, and it was rejected.
Mr. S. CARY offered an amendment to leave the
franking privilege to the deputy postmasters: re-
jected.
Mr. C. offered an amendment, providing that dep-
uty postmasters whose emoluments do not amount
to fifty dollars per annum shall retain the franking
privilege.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved to insert 1st day of
July, 1845, in the beginning of the seventh section,
to make it conform to the amendment adopted to
the first section: agreed to.
Mr. WOODWARD moved to amend that part of
the seventh section which gives to members of Con-
gress and Delegates, and the Clerk of the House
and Secretary of the Senate, the privilege of frank-
ing public documents printed by the two Houses of
Congress, by adding the following:
Kvery such document shall tie endorsed with the words
"public document;" and for every such endorsement faltciy
made the person offending shall pay a tine of $300; and if
any member of Congress, or Delegate, or officer of the two
Houses, shall bti guilty of any violation or abuse of the
franking privilege, he shall, on conviction thereof, be fined
u sum not less than $300. ,
This amendment was rejected—ayes 60, noes 65.
Mr. TUCKER moved to strike out the seventh
section.
Mr WOODWARD moved to amend the eighth
section, by limiting the franking privilege of mem-
bers of Congress and Delegates to letters written to
or by themselves, and newspapers and packets not
exceeding two ounces in weight: rejected.
Mr. A. P. STONE moved to strike out the whole
8th section.
Tellers were called for but not ordered.
A motion was made that the committee rise; on
which the vote was taken by Messrs. Simpson and
A. Kennedy, as tellers, and they reported 45 in the
affirmative, and 83 in the negative. So the commit-
tee refused to rise.
The question recurred on the amendment of Mr.
Stone, to strike out the section; which was not
agreed to.
Mr. RELFE moved to strike out the words "and
they shall have the right tafrank written letters from
themselves during the whole year, as now author-
ized by law."
Messrs. Grinnlll and Woodworth, as tellers,
took the vote, and 39 voted in the affirmative, and
60 in the negative—no quorum voting.
Several gentlemen insisted on the committee ris-
ing to report that fact to the House. -
Some conversation ensued, and a motion was
made that the committee rise; which was taken by
Messrs. GRiNNELLand Hoge, tellers, who reported
14 in the affirmative, and 106 in the negative. So
the committee refused to rise.
