CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mi
for years, to unite themselves; they might meet on
the banks of the Sabine, and beat their bosoms with
impatience to embrace each other; but there they
should stand, separated by that stream, till some
high priest should be called in to bind them in the
. holy bands of matrimony. Till the high-priest*
  (the treaty-making power) came and performed thel
ceremonial, they never could be united.
He referred to the instances of extra-territorial
legislation^ quoted by the senator from Mississippi
last night in support of his argument, and denied
that tfi ey were of any force, because they only could
operate in relation to our own citizens and jurisdiction..
He denied that there was any analogy between
them and the measure no^ proposed of legislating
for dominion over a foreign government or territory.
He adverted to the acta of Congress admitting Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, Ohio, and Louisiana, with a view
of proving from them that these States were obliged
to be formed by citizens of the United States before
they could be States admissible into this Union.
So it was with Iowa and Florida, now ready to be
admitted. How was it with Texas? She is re-
quired to make her constitution in conformity with
our constitution. Who is to form it? Aliens, citi-
zens of Texas—not citizens of the United States, as
in all previous precedents of the admission of new
States. No citizen of the United States can vote in
Texas for us new constitution, or for forming a new
State, for our citizens there are aliens. It must be
done byTexian citizens.
\ He looked upon this joint resolution as an attempt
on the part of the Executive and House of Repre-
sentatives to breakdown the constitutional privileges
of the Senate, and to head the Senate and deprive
it of its rights It was an attempt by the other two
branches of the government, to subdue and control
State rights. It is a State matter. The States owe
allegiance to the general government as it is. His
people never made it a part of the compact of union
that they were to fight for the people or State of
Texas. Should the occasion of battle come in any
one of the twenty-six States or the Territories of
the Union as it now is,—no matter whether 011 the
remotest bounds of Arkansas or Florida, or on the
border of the frozen North—there the citizens of
New Jersey would be found fighting for the Union
to which they owe allegiance. But upon what
right or authority could they be required to go to
Texas and fight for it and for its people? lie de-
nounced the principle of acquiring territory for the
purpose of balancing sectional interests. He quoted
the message of the senator from South Carolina,
when he was Governor of that State, touching the
proposition of annexing Texan in 183(>, in proof of
the ill consequences of that measure in relation to
South Carolina and State rights.
x Tf disunion ever severed this government, it would
be by a blow not aimed from any one of the States
now in the Union, but from the "lone stars" to be
admitted from abroad.
/ He admonished the Senate against following the
course of Home m the aggrandisement of territory;
a course of policy which laid the foundation of her
destruction. He denied wholly that the people hud
decided in the late elections the necessity or desi-
rability of the annexation of Texas.
/ In relation to the assumed advantages of annex-
ation, he denied that, Texas could give anything
valuable to the Union—ports for our commerce, or
consumption for our products and manufHotiue*; she
could give us nothing but what we do not want—
territory and lands, of which wc have more than we
know what to do with—cotton, of which we grow-
too much already—sugar, to compete with what we
now produce—her debt! this, he said, will be a new
item in the democratic creed—the assumption of
State debts—for he held the United States would he
bound to see the debt paid. Would the Texas lands j
suffice* No; these lands have been granted away j
three times over._
'Touching upon the question of slavery, he held j
that Congress had no right to interfere in the mat- ;|
ter, directly or indirectly, and should entertain 110
measure bearing on the subject.
/ As to the argument that we must take Texas to
keep England from getting it—indeed, he read in
some paper lately, it should be done because when
Santa Anna was arrested a contract between him
and Great Britain was found in his breeches pocket
 it seemed to him, that instead of obeying the
injunction of living with the fear of God continually
before our eyes, we are now living with the fear of
Great Britian continually hannung our imaginations.
Again: others comforted themselves with the as-
surance that Texas would become the* reservoir of
slavery, into which all the slaves in theUnion would
flow, until, fmally, they would make the territory
beyond the Del Norte their exodus. His plan was
to emancipate the Africans, and send them back to
their native country—not to Mexico, among old
Spaniards, to become citizens there?}
The eye of the country was fixeaupon this Sen-
ate, and expected it to stand up firmly against ex-
ecutive encroachment and the excitement of the mo-
ment. It looked at it as a whig Senate;- and if the
power was to pass from this whig Senate's hands on
the 4th of March, would it not be best to turn over
this question to those coming in? Let the friends
of Texas look to Texas; but let the whig Senate
look to the.Union as it is, and preserve it and the
constitution^)
Mr. M. having addressed the Senate two hours
and a half, concluded his remarks by an appeal to
the Senate against the proposed measure.
Mr. BAGBY next obtained the floor, but yielded
it to the senator from Maine for a report from the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. EVANS then reported back from the Com-
mittee on Finance, the House bill making appropri-
ations for the civil and diplomatic service, with vari-
ous amendments.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER—who remarked
that the hour of recess was at hand—the joint reso-
lution for annexation was passed over informally,
and the Senate went into executive session.
The. Senate, at three o'clock, took a recess till five
o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The CHAIR laid before the Senate an executive
communication, which was laid on the table.
The Senate hill regulating postages and the frank-
ing privilege as returned from the House of Repre-
sentatives with amendments, was taken up.
Mr. MERRICK, desired to have the amendments
read.
Mr. BERRIEN inquired if a quorum was
present.
The CHAIR replied that there was not.
Mr. BERRIEN objected to any action 011 the sub-
ject until a quorum was present.
After a delay of ten or fifteen minutes a quorum
was announced, and
Mr. FOSTER moved the reference of the House
amendments of the postage hill to the Committee on
the Post Office,
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the special order
was then taken up.
ANNEXATION OP TEXAS.
Mr. BAGBY being entitled to the floor, rose and
addressed the Senate for two hours and a half.
Mr. BAGBY observed, after a few remarks in-
distinctly heard, that the Senate would do him the
justitte to say, from the beginning down to the pres-
ent stage of this discussion, however much he may
have sinned in other respects, he had not trespassed
on its patience in regard to the question which in-
volves the annexation of Texas to the United States
of America. In regard to this question lie lutd pur-
sued a course that perhaps best became him. He
had listened to the arguments of those whose expe-
rience, age, and position gave them infinitely more
claim to the attention and consideration of the Sen-
ate than any thing he could possibly assert
or claim; hut although he had been thus respectful,
as ho designed and was determined ever to be, it
never was his intention from the time this question
first presented itself to the. American mind, or to the
consideration of the Congress of the United States,
to forego that privilege which belonged to him as a
man, as an American citizen, and as a senator, of
expressing freely, fearlessly, and openly those opin-
ions which amounted to the most absolute convic-
tion of duty upon his mind. Such had been his
course, such had been his intention, and such was
now his determination.
The question now before the Senate, relieved of
all Us embellishments and stripped ofall disguises
was nothing more nor less—for lie intended to state
it in all its force precisely as he knew it to be—
f than whether the. Congress of the United States has
the power, derived from the constitution of the,
country—notto admit vtw States, because he would
go into no technical speculation in the investigation
orthis case, but rather choose to present it precise-
ly as it appeared to him in the exercise of that high
and solemn duty which he was now called upon
to perform—but whether Congress has the power,
•'derived from the""constitution, to admit foreign
States into this confederacy/^. That was the point to
which he intended to direct the greater portion of
the arguments which he intended to submit upon
this question. It had not been his practice, either
in public or private life, to dodge around a question
upon which he had been called upon to act; and it
never would be his practice. And so far as cdft-
cerned himself personalty—greatly as he valued the
statements and judgment of others, greatly "as he
appreciated that public judgment which was said to
have been pronounced upon this question—standing
here in his character of a senator covered with the
SAcred panoply of State sovereignty, he blotted out
all construction upon the detennination of a consti-
tutional question. That question he determined for
himself, recognising, in the settlement of it, no
.other responsibility than that which, as an humble,
frail, transitory, aud fleeting mortal, he felt for the ,
'. God who made him. What! was he to be guided '
'.by senators on the other side of the House? or
was he to be told by senators on this side that a con-
stitutional question is to be decided by the result of
a presidential election? trod forbid ! He had some
constitutional principles—he had some moral prin-
ciples—some conscientious principles, and if these
were to be surrendered for the acquisition of tfiis
measure or the success of that—if one or the other had
to give way, he said let it beithe measure, or all
the reasons that statesmanship could devise, all the
arguments that human ingenuity could invent,
would be thrown away upon him, when on the one .
hand he had to weigh the results of presidential
elections, or popular movements, or party tactics, and
on the other the constitution of his country. For
one, therefore, at the start, speaking for himself in-
dividually, he denied here that any constitutional
question ever had been or ever could be settled by
the result of a presidential election. He saw from
the time he came here, and he saw with mortifica-
tion and regret, that, although we came here, accord-
ing to the understanding of our constituents, for ths
purpose of enacting laws for the good of this great
and glorious republic, the tariff, Texas, and every
other great question presented to us, was made to
yield and bow down to the judgment, which was
said to have been pronounced in favor of the consti-
tutionality of those measures in the election of the
chief magistrate of the United States. The habits of
his life, his reflections, and the operations of his
mind had all been popular—all on the side of the '
people; but it could not be expected that they should
understand thoroughly those abstract and intricate
principles that enter into the consideration of a grest
constitutional question; and, therefore, he undertook
to say that it was impossible to determine and settle
this question in a mere popular election. He asked
in the name of the American people—he asked in the
name of reason and common sense, what would be-
nomeofthr. constitution of this country if the doctrine
was once to prevail that these questions are settled at
the popular elections throughout the country? "We
weie all told that the constitutionality of a bank of
the United States, and of a protective tariff, had
been correctly settled at the ballot box. It might be
so; but he would ask senators it", in settling their
great constitutional questions, they settled them at
the ballot box? He therefore laid down this propo-
sition, without any fear of offence to the American
people, that neither the Amer.can people, nor the
people of any other country, were competent to the
determination of those great abstract questions
which enter into the consideration of the constitu-
tion. This might be popular or unpopular; but in
his judgment it was the case, and he had no fear in
expressing his opinions.
To go back to the great question involved in the
resolutions from thejjouse of Representatives, now /
'before the Senate. QYe had been told that the coi -
stitution of the country—upon which he should
stand while he was a public, and while he was a
private man—in terms not to be misunderstood, in
its palpable, plain, and obvious letter, provides for
the admission of new States into the Union. And
it does provide for the admission of new States into
the Union; and he was determined, "sink or swim
stand or fall, survive or perish," to preserve, as far as'
depended upon him, that instrument, as he received
it from the hand of our glorious ancestry. What
is the language of the constitution of the United
States, under which this power to admit, not new
States but this foreign State, into the Union is claim-
ed? He had not read this clause lately, and he hed
not the boqk by him, for he did not much encumber
himself with papers, and he was sorry to sav he
did not much annoy himself with books; but there
