352
CONGRESSIONAL GLOfift.
was a plain, simple expression contained in the
constitution, which all of us learned long since, and
which every senator must have become acquainted
with before ho was entitled to a place on this floor;
and what was that? "New States may be admitted
* by the Congress into this Union." He was told,
and told by some of those to whom, upon other
subjects, and for whom, upon other occasions, he
would concede everything, that it was a grant of
power without limitation, and as broad as the uni-
verse. Not so. He was not about to amuse the Sen-
ate when powers so much better than his had been
employed upon that subject; but he was going to
adhere to the plain letter and language of the
constitution, and to show, if within his pow-
er, what was the obvious intent of the fram-
ers of that instrument, "New States may be
admitted into this Uunion:" agreed What
follows? "But"—and it must be remembered
that bids are the most formidable things that we had
to contend with through life—"but no new States
shall be formed out of the large States"—he was
not giving the words precisely ^ but the meaning—
"without their consent." That satisfied the large
States. "Nor shall any new States be formed by
the union of small States, without their consent."
This was the grant, and these were the limitations—
these the limitations and restrictions. And what
does it amount to? To this: that new States may
be admitted by the Congress into this Union, but
they shall not be admitted in the two modes which
the constitution expressly prohibits. lie desired to
• ask his friends, whigs and democrats, what the
great and illustrious framers of the constitution were
at when they employed this phraseology? As he
understood it, they were at this: they were forming
a constitution for themselves and their posterity.
They were forming a government for themselves
and for us. It was contended, however, that it could
not bestipposed, or presumed, according to the state
of things which then existed, that these men, illus-
trious and sagacious as they were, could never have
been able to look further along the line of time than
not to see that the time would come according to the
progress of events, and the great natural law
of the increase of population, when other
States would have to be admitted into this
Union than those already existing. He was not
disposed to intercept one ray of light that emanated
from those great and illustrious patriots; and accord-
ing to his understanding, they had formed a consti-
tution not only perfect in all its parts, but perfect as
a whole. They had provided, according to the dic-
tates of their judgment, not only for all the cases
that had occurred, but for the very case now before
V us. (There is no difficulty in regard to the question
of theTadmission of Texas into this Union, or the
annexation of Texas to the United States. They
had not, as had been said here, conferred all the
power upon the, two houses of Congress, but as
statesmen and patriots they had confided certain
powers to other departments of the government.
This was the form in which this question was placed
by the framers of the constitution, and he took it
from that article which was deemed to be sustained
by precept upon precept: that new States might be
formed out of such territory as belonged to the
United States under the treaty of 1783, and such
other territory, and such other people, as might be
acquiied according—not any how, because he wished
his friend from New Jersey J Mr. Miller] to under-
stand from him for one, as a politician and a consti-
tutionalist, he did not belong to the anyhow class—
td the great principles of liberty. There might be
those who really misunderstood, and others who
pretended to misunderstand—though he charged no
—how it was that new States could be consti-
tutionally admitted, or formed, out of territory be-
yond the limits of this confederacy; but there waa
no man, great or small, having in view the plain, in-
disputable meaning of the words in the constitution,
who, in hin humble judgment, could come to any
other conclusion than that this power is given by the
constitution. We are told in the preamble that
they were, framing a government for themselves and
their posterity.
Here Mr. B. quoted the preamble of the cons-
titution and commented upon it at large.
/ How, then, was this act to be done? He was not
a prophet or the son of a prophet; but if it could
be done—and he prayed God it might be done—it
could only be done m one way, and that was the
mode intimated at a previous stage of this debate by
the senator from Missouri. By adopting that mode
get clear of ^all the difficulties that embarrass
this question. He was very well aware of the dan-
gers that beset the path of every man who under-
takes to intercept the accomplishment of an act
having 111 view a great object like this. Upon this,
and all other questions, the people of the country
had a right to judge and determine; but they had
only deterriiined one thing in regard to this ques-
tion; they had determined that they were in favor
of the admission of Texas into the Union, but not
that it should take place in violation of the federal
constitution. If this thing could be done accord-
ing to the forms of that instrument, he was in favor
of it; but if he was to determine between the ad-
mission of Texas as a State into this Union in vio-
lation of the constitution, and the preservation of
the constitution, let it involve what it might to him
with that people, he went for the constitution.^]
N He did not look upon this as a southern^ques-
tion, a sectional auestion, much less a local ques-
tion. It mattered not whether he came from the
North, South, East, or West; he was an American
citizen, and he looked upon it as an American citi-
zen, not vas a southern man. He came here to ask
no sectional, no southern favors/)
Mr. 13., after further remains illustrating his
views, avowed his conviction that Texas could be
admitted into the United States under the provis-
ions of the constitution in the manner proposed by
the senator from Missouri; and if the joint resolu-
tion should be amended so as to conform to those
provisions of the constitution, it should receive his
support.
Mr. UPHAM next obtained the floor, and spoke
for about an hour.
He said the people of Vermont were opposed to
the annexation of Texas in every shape and form,
no matter how it may be presented. Not in any.
unkind spirit to Texas—for as a sister republic the
people of Vermont would be glad to see her free,
independent, and successful in her career; they
wish to see her going on her way rejoicing—but
they never would consent to the palpable violation of
the constitution, which the measure now under con-
sideration proposes.
This joint resolution he considered the result of an
appeal made by the executive to the House of Rep.
resentatives against the decision of this body upon
the treaty of la^t session. And now the judgment
of the House on that appeal is sent here for the ap-
probation of the Senate.
.The joint resolution, if adopted, would be the
means of dismembering and breaking up this Union.
We had got along prosperously for fifty years, with-
out resorting to any such extraordinary and unau-
thorized exercise of power as this. It would startle
thefathers of the constitution, if they could return to
this earth and witness this assumption of power un-
der that instrument.
ITe commented upon the terms and requisitions of
the joint resolution, pointing out various objections
which presented themselves to his mind.
. Mr. U. next entered upon the constitutional ques-
tion, and argued it at great length, quoting the histo-
ry of the convention, concurrent accounts of the pe-
culiar situation in which Vermont was at the time,
and of the various propositions of amendment
brought forward during the formation of the consti-
tution. In view of all this, he concluded that the
proof was indubitable that no such power was in-
tended to be granted as that assumed for the passage
of this joint resolution.
The people of Vermont were opposed to annexa-
tion on the ground of expediency, as well as on
that of constitutionality. First, because it would be
a breach of faith with Mexico. Next, because it
would be an extension of the three-fifths representa-
tion of the South. They are satisfied to abide by
the constitution, as far as it already authorizes the
three-fifths principle of representation; but they are
utterly opposed to its extension to new slave terri-
tory. Another objection the people of Vermont had
to the annexation of Texas was with regard lo the
injurious effect which they conceive would result
to them from this additional force to the voice of the
free-trade portion of the country injurious to the
protective system.
Mr. BATES next obtained the floor.
Mr. DAYTON moved an adjournment.
Mr. WALKER called for the yeas and nays on
the question of adjournment.
The yeas and nays being ordered, were taken,
and resulted—yeas 21, nays 23, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Francis, Hun-
tington, Jarnagin, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Kives,
Upharo, White, and Woodbridge—21,
NAYS—Messrs. Allen,'Ashley, Alahhoif, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Buchanan, Colquitt, Dickinson/Fairfield, Han-
negan, Haywood, Henderson, Huger, Lewis, McD«ffie,
Merrick, Niles, Semple, Sevier, Sturgeon, Walker, and
"Woodbury—-23.
« Mr. BATES then proceeded. He said he should
not have risen to participate in this debate had he not
felt convinced that the measure now proposed was
a gross and palpable violation of the constitution.
He. entered at once into an examination of the con-
stitutional power relied upon. All power he con-
tended belonged to the sovereign people; and the
question was, whether the people had delegated to
Congress the power of admitting a foreign govern-
ment or foreign State, full grown, into this Union,
lie denied that the power to do this was-delegated
to. Congress by the people.
lie denied that this question was decided ufjon by
the people in the late election; and he asserted that
if this were now to be put, the vote of the people
would be two to one against it, provided the polls
were purged of those who were interested in the
measure, or whose kindred are interested.
Mr. DAYTON, at twenty minutes past nine,
moved an adjournment.
Mr. BATES observed, that if the Senate would
indulge him by adjourning, he would not require
more than half an hour to-morrow morning to con-
clude his remarks.
On the motion to adjourn, Mr. WALKER called
for the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The vote, was then taken, and resulted—yeas 26,
nay 20, as follows:
YKAS.—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
( hoate, ( la) ton, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Foster, Fran-
cis. Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson, Mangum, Miller,
.Worehead, f'earce, Phelps, Porter, Rives, Simmons, Up-
iiam, White, andVVoodridge—26.
NAYS.—Messrs Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag*
by, Benton, Breese, Buchanan, Colquitt, Dickinson, Dix,
Fairfield, Hannegan, Haywood, Henderson, Huger, Lewis,
McDulfte, Mi'irick, Niles, Semple, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tap-
pan, "Walker, and Woodbury—"2fi.
. So the. Senate refused to adjourn.
4 Mr BATES resumed his remarks, and took up
the branch of the subject relating to slavery. He
denounced the principle openly avowed by the sen-
ator from Maryland and others, that it was neces-
sary to pass this measure because it would strength-
en the interests of the slave States He believed
there was a strong conservative party in the free
States composed of both political parties; which
conservative party while they uphold the constitu-
tion and its compromises as a cardinal principle,
yet hold slavery to be a great moral and political
evil. There was also a strong abolition party, one
ortion of which designated itself the liberty party.
Ie could tell gentlement that it was with great diffi-
culty the conservative party could restrain the aboli-
tion party. Was it prudent or wise to increase the
jealousies of the opponents of slavery, and to in-
crease the feeling among the conservatives against
this moral and political evil, by strengthening it. If,
m support of this, you violate the constitution by
passing this resolution, every barrier which the
conservatives have been sustaining will be left at
the mercy of the abolitionists. Louisiana was not
an analogous case. That acquisition was necessary
for the navigation of the Mississippi and for the
sake of the commercial depot of New Orleans. Bet-
ter "bear the ills we have, than fly to others that
we know not of." Violate the constitution for the pur-
pose of extending slavery, and you kindle aflame it
will be "Ut of our power to extinguish. '
Mr. CRITTENDEN obtained the floor, and
hoped there would be no objection to an. ad journ-
ment. lie desiied to address the Senate. There,
was now very little doubt the vote would be taken
to-morrow. He would move an adjournment.
Mr. ARCHER observed that the adoption of the
motion to adjourn would not cause any delay of the
period when the question would be taken. The
Senate might enter upon the consideration of the
subject at an earlier hour, and after the senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] and himself had been
heard, it might be decided.
Mr. BUCHANAN hoped that the motion to ad-
journ would be acceded to, with the understanding
"that the Senate would commence at an earlier hour
to-morrow, and decide the question.
Mr. ARCHER assented, and said that the ques-
tion might be disposed of immediately after thp
recess.
Mr. ALLEN said that, before, he gave his assent
to the motion to adjourn, he desired to know who
intended to speak on the opposite side of the ques-
tion,
