CONGRESSIOIAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1845.
Volume 14....No. 23.
[Continued from No. 22.]
Mr. ARCHER said he was not aware ; but he
supposed that no one except the senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr, Crittenden] himself.
Mr. SEVIER remarked that, according to the
rules of the Senate, the joint resolution could not be
finally disposed of to-morrow, unless by the unanim-
ous consent of the Senate. Suppose it were ordered to
be engrossed, any one senator might object to taking
the question upon the passage until the next day;
and thus the resolution would not be sent back to
the House until Friday. If such were the case, it
► was evident that the resolution would fall through.
He therefore asked that the unanimous consent of
the Senate should be given to take the question on
the final passage of the resolution to-morrow.
Mr. ARCHER could assure the senator from Ar-
kansas that there would be no disposition on the
part of the opponents of the joint resolution to de-
feat it in that manner.
A general acquiescence in these suggestions ap-
pearing to be given,
She motion to adjourn was put, and carried with-
out adivision.
So the Senate adjourned at J0£ o'clock p. m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wkpf.esday, February 27, 1845.
Mr. BRODHEAD, at an early stage, and Mi.
K1DLACK subsequently, moved that the reading of
the journal be dispensed with; but Mr. DROM-
OrOOLE, Mr. COBB, and other gentlemen objected,
and insisted upon its reading entire.
The journal was accordingly read at length, occu-
pying precisely half an hour. #
After some conversation between Mr. DROM-
GrOOEEand the SPEAKER as to the manner in
which a point of order had been recorded, (or failed
to be recorded,) the journal without amendment
was approved.
EXPLANATION.
Mr. WOODWARD asked leave to make a per-
sonal explanation.
The SPEAKER said it was not in order, except
by the general consent of the House.
Unanimous consent being accorded,
Mr. WOODWARD Haul: In the. report of the
Globe of the proceedings of yesterday, on the bill
to reduce the rates of postage, <Xre., the following
statement occurs: "Mr. Woodward offered an
amendment to make all periodical matter free of
postage." In the confusion that prevailed m the
House, he was entirely misunderstood by the re-
porters. The, amendment offered was to exempt
private agents from punishment for conveying mail
matter entitled by law to be transmitted free of
postage.
Mr. J. P. KKNJN EDY asked leave to make a re-
port from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WETJLER objected, and insisted on the reg-
ular order of business.
POST OFFICE BILL.
The SPEAKER said that the first business in or-
der was the bill "to rcduce the rates of postage, to
limit the use and correct the abuse of the franking
privilege, and for the prevention of frauds on the
revenues of the Post Oiiice Department;" the pre-
vious question on which had been moved and sec-
onded, and the main question ordered, when the
House adjourned yesterday.
The question was first put on concurring in the
first amendment of the Committee of the vVhole,
providing that the bill shall go into operation on the
]st of July next: carried without a division.
The question was next nut on concurring in the
next amendment of the Committee of the Whole,
inserting the words "for any distance over 300
miles 10 cents;" thus making the postages on all sin-
gle letters not exceeding half an ounce in weight 5
cents for 300 miles and under, and 10 cents for any
distance exceeding 300 miles.
Mr. BARNARD called for the yeas and nays on
this question; which were ordered, and the ques-
tion being put, it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 110, nays 85, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arrington, Ashe, Atkinson, Baker, Bar-
ringer, Bayly, Belser, Bidlack, James A. Biack, BlackweU, :
Bowlin, Boyd, Brinkerhoflj Brodhead, Milton Brown, "Wil-
liam J. Brown/Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Sh&pard
Cary, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Chilton,
Clinch, Clingman, Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cullom,
Daniel, Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis, John W. Davis,
Deberry. Dellet, Dillingham, Douglass, Dromgoole, Dun-
can, Klmer, Farlee, Ficklin, Foster, French, Grinnell, Gri-
det, Hammett, Haralson, I-Ienley, Herrick, Holmes, Hoge,
Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Charles J. IngefsoU, Jameson,
Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, An-
drew Kennedy, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Lucas, Lumpkin,
McCauslen, McClernand, McConnell, McDowell, McKay,
Joseph Morris, Isaac E. Morse, Newton, Norris, Parmenter,
Payne, Pettit, Peyton, Rayner, David S. Reid, Reding, llelie,
Rhctt^ Rjtter, Roberts, St. John, Sample, Saundeis, Senter,
John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod,
Stiles, Alfred P. Stone, Strong, Summers, Taylor, Thomp-
son, Tibbatts, Tucker, "Wellor, Wentworth, John White,
Benjamin White, Winthrop, Woodward, Joseph A. Wright,
Yanccy, and Y«st—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Barnard, Benton, Brengle, Jere-
miah Brown, Buftington, Carpenter, Jeremiah E. Cary,
Carroll, Causin, Collnmer, Cranston, Dana, Darragh,
Dickey, Dunlap, Fish, Florence, Foot, Fuller, Giddin^s,
Byram Green, Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, Edward S. Hamlin,
Hardin, Harper, Hubbell, Hudson, Hungorford, Washington
Hunt, James B. Hunt, irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson,
John P. Kennedy, Preston King, Daniel P. King, Leonard,
Lyon, Maclay, McClelland, McJlvaine, Marsh, Edward J.
Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Meseley, Murphy, Owen, Pater-
son, Phcenix, Pollock, Elislia R. Potter, Emery D. Potter,
Pratt, Purdy, Ramsey, Itathbun, Charles M. Reed, Robin-
son, Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers, Russell, Schenck, Sever-
ance, Thomas H. Seymour, David L.Seymour, Slidell, Al-
bert Smith, Caleb B. smith. Stetson, John Stewart, Thomas-
son, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Wethered,
Wheaton, Williams, and William Wright—86.
The next amendment was the one made, on the
motion of Mr. BRODIIEAD, in the 0th section, to
strike out the words "from and after the passage of
this act," and insert "1st July next," as the time
from which the franking privilege should be discon-
tinued to the officers of the government.
On this tellers were called for, and Messrs. Thom-
asson and Haralson wore appointed.
Great confusion ensued, many gentlemen desiring
to show the inconsistency of other sections with
this.
Mr. MURPHY called for the reading of the 5th
section, by which all laws conferring the franking
privilege were repealed immediately on the passage
of this bill; consequently if this amendment chang-
ing the dav mrntjoned m the 6th section to the 1st
July should be concurred in, it would not continue
the franking privilege to that day unless the 5th
section should be amended also; and in the mean-
time no provision would be made for the payment
of the postages of officers of the government.
Mr. BARNARD desired to make some suggestion
to the House in relation to the amendment; but he
was met with loud cries of "No, no.'1
Mr. HAMMETT hoped the House would——
[Cries of "Order, order."]
The SPEAKER again directed the tellers to take
the vote; but the yeas and nays were then demand-
ed. They, however, were not ordered, only 13 vot-
ing for the motion.
Mr. SAMPLE called for the reading of the entire
section, for lie said it was not understood.
The Cierkread it accordingly.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS said, often as the section had
been read, it was still not understood; and he desired
to know if the amendment procrastinated the opera-
tion of the whole bill, or only that particular sec-
tion.
Mr. SCHENCK also rose, and said he desired to
submit a proposition. [Cries of "No, no."] He
would ask the permission of the House to have it
read. [Cries of "No, no."]
The SPEAKER again instructed the tellers to
take the vote, and it was taken accordingly; and
they reported 15 in the affirmative, and 89 in the
negative: no quorum voting.
After some confused conversation, and the stren-
uous exertions of the Speaker to cause the House
to come to order, the vote was once more taken; and
the tellers reported 38 in the affirmative, and 121 in
the negative.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
Mr. HARDIN rose to make an appeal to the
House not to embarrass the new 'postmaster with
this bill. [Cries of "Order."]
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on the
engrossment of the amendments for a third reading-
which was agreed to.
The next question was on the third reading of the
Dill.
Mr. RATHBUN moved the previous question.
Mr. G. W. JONES inquired if the bill had been
engrossed.
The SPEAKER replied that the bill was-engross-
ed befpre it came to this House. ' .
Mr. THOMASSON inquired if the bill could be
amended.
The SPEAKER said it could not at this time.
.. Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired whether, if the
House should refuse to second the demand for the
previous question, a motion to recommit would not
be in order.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
The demand for the previous question was then
seconded—94 voting in the affirmative, and 53 in the
negative. The main question was also ordered to
be now put.
The main question was on the passage of the
bill. ,
Mr. PETTIT called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
The question was taken, and the vote stood—yeas
128, nays 74, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Anderson, Baker, Barnard, Ben-
ton, Bidlack, James Black, Brengle, Brinkerhoff, Brod-
head, Jeremiah Brown, Buftington, Bujfce, Carpenter,
Jeremiah F.. Cary, Shepard Cary, Carroll, Catlin, Causin,
Clinton, Collamer, Cranston, Dana, Darragh, Garrett Da-
vis, Richard D. Davis, Dean, Dellet, Dickey, Dillingham,
Douglass, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Fish, Florence,
Foot, Foster, duller, Giddings, Byram Green, Grinnell,
Grider, Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, Edward S. Hamlin, Hardin,
Harper, Hays, Herrick, Hubbell, Hudson, Hungerford,
Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B.
Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Preston King, Daniel P. King,
Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lyon, McCauelen,
Maclay, McClelland, McDowell, McHvaine, Marsh, Ed-
ward J.Morris, Joseph Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Mose-
ley. Murphy, Norris, Owen, Parmenter, Patterson, Phcenix,
Pollock, Elisha K. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Pratt, Purdy,
Ramsey, Rathbun, Charles M. Reed, Reding, Ritter, Robin-
son, Rockwell, Kodney, Rogers, Russell, St. John, Sam-
ple, Schenck, Severance, Thomas H. Seymour, David
I.. Seymour, Simons, Slidell, Albert Smith, John T.
Smith, stetson. Andrew Stewart, John Stewart, A. P. Stone,
Strong, Sykcs, Thomasson, Tlbbatts, Tilden, Tyler, Vance,
v,inmeter, 'Wentworth. Wethered, Wheaton, Beiyamin
White, Williams, Winthrop, William Wright, Joseph A.
Wright, and Yost—1J8.
NAYS—Messrs Arlington, Ashe, Barringer, Bayly, Bel-
ser, James A. Black, lilackwell, Bowlin, Aaron V. Brown
Milton Brown, William J. Brown, Burt, Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Ueuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappefl,
Clinch, Clingman, Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cullom, Daniel,
John W. Davis, Deberry, Dromgoole, Ficklin, French,
Hoggin, Willis Green, Hammett, Haralson, Henley, Holmes,
Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Charles J. Ingersoll,
Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George "W
Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Lucas, Lumpki*. McClernand
McConnell, McKay, Isaac P.. Morse, Newt n, Payne'
Pettit. Peyton, Rayner. David S Reid, Relfe, Hhett, Roberts!
Saunders, Senter, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Steenred, Stiles'
Summers, Taylor, Thompson, Tucker, Weller, John
White, Woodward, and Yancey—74.
[Mr. Boyd Having been temporarily absent when
his name was called, asked the general consent of
the House to record his vote; which was refused.
He said he should have voted in me negative had
he been permitted.]
So the bill was passed.
The title having been read, viz: "A bill to reduce
the rates of postage, to limit the use and correct the
abuse of the franking privilege, and for the preven-
tion of frauds on the revenues of the'post office
department," and agreed to, (as the reporter under-
stood,)
Mr. HOUSTON rose and asked leave to call up
a motion of reconsideration made a few days since.
Mr. THOMPSON rose and objected to the title,
and moved to amend it by striking out the title and
inserting in lieu thereof the following:
''A bill to make the post office department a nuisance
and to guaranty the tarift law ofl842."-
Mr. ELMER raised the point of order against
the amendment on the ground that it was a reflection
on the Hsuse.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order
stating that he considered the amendment in order '
Mr. THOMPSON said no opportunity has
been allowed me for the expression of mv
views on this subject. The course I have pur-
sued on this bill has been followed with
a view to make known my determined opposition
to this measure. This bill is passed, and, in truftj
