CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35 5
Troy and Albany, and below the latter place, to ren-
der more accessible the United States arsenal and
depot situated between these cities.
Mr. RAYNER resumed the floor. Remarking
that the House were now in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, he proposed to
consider the state of the Union in its foreign as well
as domestic relations. He was utterly opposed to
the -Wild and extravagant expenditure of money
proposed by this bill. It was proposed by this
House, to enter into a new and extravagant system
of internal improvements, which was so welt cal-
culated to excite distrust and Sectional jealousies
among the people of this country. In addition to
this was the fact that these appropriations were not
made on their own merits, but voted for by mem-
bers from different sections, on the mutual under-
standing, "if you aid my proposition, 1 will aid
■yours." He was in favor of improving the great
thoroughfares of this country; but to this system
of logrolling lie was utterly opposed.
But'even if, on ordinary occasions, he was in fa-
vjr of these appropriations, he was utterly opposed
to them when he looked at the condition of the
country, which rather warned them to prepare
against the day of evil; which every patriot and
statesman must see was impending over the coun-
try, instead of launching into the system of extrava-
gance proposed. He thought it very probable
before another sun rose and set, the destiny of this
nation, for weal or wo, would be fixed for years to
come. The glory and honor of our country, he
feared, had neared its culminating point, and in all
probability its descent would be in a corresponding
ratio to its upward flight to the pinnacle of glory
and honor. He adverted to a measure pending in
another branch of this legislature. He now gave
notice that he should continue the remarks wnich
had been cut off by the rule the other day, for he
favored not the habit of getting up and saying a few
words, and then publishing a long speech: wnat he
put on paper he chose to say here.
He then first proceeded to argue partly in reply to
Mr. Douglass, that the treaty of 1803 imposed on
us no obligations to annex Texas to the United
States.
Another reason why he went against this extrav-
agant expenditure for internal improvements, was
the millions of the debt of Texas which would be
entailed on the United States in case this annexation
schema was accomplished. He spoke not of the
direct assumption of the debts of Texas; but what,
he asked, would be our relation towards the credit-
ors of Texas in case we annexed her. Would the
civilr/.ed world hold us blameless, if, taking away
the resources of Texas, wo refused to ray her debts?
He honestly believed, he said, if this Texas project
was carried into consummation, this country would,
in less than six months, be involved in all the hor-
rors of war. lie commented on the reckless man-
ner in which war iiail been spoken of and dared,
from time to time, by gentlemen on this floor.
He was sorry to see the lurking hostility to Eng-
land that had lately manifested itself in certain quar-
ters urging us into this Texas crusade and into
taking possession of Oregon. Ho had heard gen-
tlemen talk of our ability to cope with England, and
of our ability to inflict on her the greatest injuries;
and he had heard them talk of the American eagle
driving the British lion from the continent. Why,
the greatest captain on earth boasted that he would
plant his eagles on the towers of Lisbon and drive
the British lion from the continent of Europe; but
the British lion kept advancing onwards till he
made his lair in the palace of the Tuilleries, and
sent that great captain to be caged on a rock in the
midst of the Atlantic ocean. But if gentlemen
would have war—if they would annex Texas, and,
m defiance of treaty stipulations, take possession of
Oregon—th,en he begged of them to take cure of the
public treasury and keep the money to pay soldiers
instead of squandering it on magnificent schemes of
internal improvements. He then referred to the
Texas question, and after expressing his sympa-
thies and good wishes for the people of Texas, con-
tended that we ought to avoid interfering with their
afl'aiis. He deprecated the course taken by Messrs.
Upshur and Calhoun m their correspondence on the
Texas question, alleging that they had connected it
from beginning to end with the question of slavery.
He had always contended that slavery was a south-
em institution with which this government had no
right to interfere either for or against it. Yet
Messrs. Upshur and Calhoun, in their correspond-
ence, had relinquished that strong ground.
He concluded with an apostrophe to the whig
party; which, however, he had not finished when
his hour expired.
Mr. THOMASSON next obtained the floor, and
he commenced with some remarks on the speech of
the gentleman who had just preceded him. He
next discountenanced the introduction of any
amendment which would call for an executive veto,
such as the proposed amendment of the gentleman
from New York.
Mr,. BARNARD interposed, and made some ex-
planations, in the course of which he said that he
had good reason for believing that the President
would not veto a bill making an appropriation for
the Hudson river. '
Mr. THOMASSON said he had not had any op-
portunity of ascertaining the views of the executive
on that subject, but he could not forget the veto of
the last session. He then proceeded to argue in
favor of the bill, and to show the vast utility of these
proposed works of improvement in relation to the
national defences, and the general interests of the
people.
Mr. THOMPSON made some observations to
show the reason why he opposed the appropriations
for works within the States.
Mr. THOMASSON said these were mainly great
highways of the nation, arid were worthy of the
aid of the general government. He called the at-
tention of the House to some statistics which he
had prepared of the loss annually sustained by Ken-
tucky by the obstructions in these waters. While
one life was lost on the seaboard, they lost a dozen;
and yet, whenever an appropriation was called for
for any ofthe great works on the Atlantic seaboard,
the vote of Kentucky had not been withheld when
she had been appealed to.
While the commerce of the West was charged
•j)140,000 per year to pass the falls of the Ohio river,
nothing could be got from this House to relieve
them from this immense tax; and, at the same time,
millions and millions of appropriations for the Atlan-
tic coast were made by Congress, and with the sup-
port of the representatives from Kentucky. He
gave notice that he should, before the bill was passed
through, move an amendment for the purchase by
the government of the stock in the Louisville and
Portland canal, to make it free of toll.
Mr. T. having concluded,
Mr. MURWIY obtained the floor. In relation
to the bill under consideration, his opinion was,
and long had been, that it embraced principles which,
if carried out, would lead to the destruction of the
government. He did not, however, oppose all ap-
propriations for internal improvements, because
some of them he believed to be constitutional as
well as in some cases expedient. He should not, at
this time, discuss the bill under consideration, but,
following the lead of the gentleman from North Car-
olina, (Mr. KayneR,] he should, in this Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, consider the
state of the Union generally, both foreign and do-
mestic, and reply to gentlemen who had participated
in the previous debates of this session. It was well
known that at the late canvass a new issue had been
introduced, looking to a change of our naturalization
system. In that canvass he had been defeated;
but he rather rejoiced at it defending the principles
that he had espoused, than to have been the suc-
cessful one on other grounds. An honorable gen-
tleman [Mr. Clinoman] had seen fit to travel out of
the beaten track of debate, and to bestow his
attention on the State of New York. He read from
Mr. Cuncman's speech, charging extensive frauds
in the elections of New York, and in the
judiciary of that State in naturalizing voters illegal-
ly. He pronounced this charge a slander on the
judiciary, and on the voters of his State. But the
gentleman no doubt had received his information
from other sources; for the gentleman, as he learned,
was at that-time actively engaged in electioneering
for his idol, Mr. Clay, in his own district of "Bun-
combe," in which the census returns showed that
one-quarter of the whole free white voters could not
read or write. Frauds by the democratic party !
Had the gentleman forgotten the Bela Badger frauds,
by which large numbers of voters were transported'
from Philadelphia to New York, to decide their
election? In this recent election the frauds had been
all against.the democratic party. In .reference to
Mr. Cungman's charge, of the circulation exten-
sively of franked documents, he reminded the gen-
tleman, and the House, of the well-known fact of
two honorable members of Congress having remain-
ed in this city during the entire recess in franking
documents.
The gentleman had seen fit to attack the Empire
Club, Capt. Rhynders, its president, and its other of-
ficers, as blacklegs, &c. , He thought it was rather
unkind in the gentleman to make this charge, con-
sidering the relation in which the gentleman stood
to one of the presidential candidates. There were
similar charges made against Mr. ("lay. He knew
nothing of the correctness of either. As it was,
they stood on the same footing.
He" alluded to the charge made by Mr. JClinc-
man of voters voting sixteen times in New York. If
the gentleman's informant knew this fact, why did
he not bring it before the tribunals which were es-
tablished for that purpose? If it were true, they
must have been whigs; and that is the reason why it
had not before been brought out to light.
He noticed further the charge of Mr. C., that an
arrangement was made by which the sailors on the
United States ship North Carolina were to be
brought to Brooklyn to vote'for him (Mr. M,;) and
that, by the full use of this arrangement, by mis-
take—the sailors going over to the- wrong
side, to New York, and voting for his colleague—
his (Mr. M.'s) election was lost to him. He
pronounced this statement in all its particulars
false. He had never heard or dreamed of it before
he heard it alluded to by the gentleman on this
floor.
He gave a graphic account of the modus operandi
of a certain rather questionable class of characters
which he was sorry to say they had among them in
New York, who played what was called the drop
game. These persons watched the arrivals of
steamboats and railroad cars, and selecting some
traveller whom they considered green, (as they
styled them,) they followed him, some preceding
him, and dropping a purse containing a few spurious
bills or coins; on finding which, the dispute arising
between them as to whose should be the treasure,
was finally settled by placing it, in consideration of
some small reward, in the hands of the unsuspect-
ing, inexperienced traveller, whose first discovery
of the worthlessness of his prize resulted from his
attempt to pass them off. Thus, he thought, the
gentleman, so anxious in hunting up election frauds,
must have fallen in with perhaps a similar class in
politics, who had palmed off upon him these forge-
ries, which were discovered, and their true charac-
ter revealed as soon as he had at tempted to pass
them off on this floor. [Laughter.]
He went on to explain the origin, objects, and
movements of the native American party, and
showed that their policy was in direct opposition to
the principles oil which our government was found-
ed. This movement was nota novel one, for it had
its origin in the days of the alien and sedition laws,
and was defeated then by the republicans under Mr,
Jefferson, as he trusted it would be now. He de-
fended the policy of the present naturalization laws,
and contended that no more frauds had been com-
mitted under them than under the administration of
any other laws. All laws were liable to be evaded
and violated; bA he would tell gentlemen that if the
term of naturalization was extended to 21 years,
there would be much more danger of fraud and
perjury than now, because the inducement would
be greater.
Before concluding his remarks, Mr. M. yield"0
the floor to ®
_Mr. J. W. DAVIS, on whose motion the com-
mittee rose.
Mr. TIBBATTS offered a resolution that all de-
bate, in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on the bill pending, should cease in half an
hour after the House should again resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR moved to lay this resolu-
tion on the table; and, on taking the question, the
vote was—ayes 30, noes 60. =
No quorum voting,
A call of the House was moved and agreed to•
and the Clerk called the roll, and 131 answered to'
their names.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with; but on that
question a quorum did not vote.
Tellers were called for, and ordered; and Messrs.
H. Hamlin and Thomasson were appointed; and
they reported 82 in the affirmative, and 36 in the
negative.
So- the proceedings under the call were sus-
pended.
