356
CONGRESSIONAL GIiOBE.
The question then recurred on _the motion to lay
the resolution on the table.
Tnat motion was negatived.
The question then recurred on the adoption of the
resolution
Mr. J. "W. DAVIS moved the previous question;
and it was seconded by the House.
The main question was also ordered to be now
put.
Mr. HOUSTON called for the yeas and nays on
the adoption of the resolution; but they were not
ordered.
The resolution was then agreed to.
On the motion of Mr. TIBBATTS, the House
again resolved itself into Committee of the "Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky,
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
harbor bill.
Mr. FICKLIN obtained the floor to oner an
amendment. .
Mr. R. SMITH desired his colleague to yield tke
floor to him, and he would offer the amendment for
his colleague.
Mr. F1CKLTN assented.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH then proceeded to ad-
dress the committee.
A member remarked, " Now give us a touch at
Patagonia, for we have had Texas and nativeism
under the form of a harbor bill."
Mr. R. SMITH said he must'decline compliance,
for the only portion of the country that he should
touch upon would be that through which the " Cum-
berland road" ran. [Laughter.]
Mr. S. occupied the remainder of the time allotted
to debate in an earnest and forcible argument in be-
half of further appropriations for the Cumberland
road, maintaining its constitutionality, and advo-
eating it on considerations of justice and expedi-
encv.
The hour for the termination of the debate having
arrived, the committee proceeded to vote on the sev-
eral amendments offered to the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved an amendment
to insert $75,000 for the improvement of the Wa-
bash river in Indiana and Illinois: rejected.
Mr STEENROD moved to strike out, in the
clause appropriating #100,000 for the improvement
of the. Ohio river above the falls, the proviso au-
thorizing the Secretary of War, if he deem it advi-
sable, to apply #15,000 thereof to the improvement
of what is commonly called the Indian chute on the
falls: rejected.
Mr. FICKLIN offered an amendment appro-
priating $100,000 for the nf,v"
iVatioh of the Great Wabash over; $50,000 to the
improvement of the navigation of the Embarrass
nvcr- and $50,000 to the improvement of the Kas-
kask'ia river; and providing that such members of
the corps of topographical engineer* as may not be
needed about the capital, and as may be entirely
out of any useful employment, be stationed as a
corps of observation, at eligible points on the lakes
and rivers herein specified, to be continued until the
meeting of the next Congress provided that no
part of the money herein specified jj nall be paid to
the topographical engineers aforesaid?
The question was taken, and the amendment was
^Mr^HOGE offered an amendment, appropriating
for the improvement of the upper and lower rapids
m the Mississippi river, $100,000: rejected.
Mr McCLERNAND offered an amendment ap-
propriating $50,000 for removing the obstructions in
the Ohio nver at the Grand and Little Chains: re-
*e Mr." ROBERTS offered an amendment appropri-
ating $50,000 for the improvement of Pearl river:
^Mr! STEENROD offered an amendment appro-
priating $30,000 for building a bridge across the
Ohio river at Wheeling, Virginia: rejected.
Mr. SLIDELL offered an amendment appropri-
ating $300,000 for the harbor of New Orleans: re-
^e<Mr* PRATT offered an amendment appropriating
415 000 for removing the bar in the Hudson river
opposite the mouth of Catskill creek: rejected.
Mr. GOGGIN offered an amendment appropri-
ating $20,000 for the improvement of the James
""Mr "IlACKWELL offered an amendment ap-
propriating $100,000 for the improvement of the
T'M^EtAMMEJT'i' offered an amendment appro-
priating $10,000 for the removal of the bar at Pass
Christian, in the Gulf of Mexico: rejected.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS offered an amendment appro-
priating $75,000 for the Wabash river: rejected.
Mr. J. E. MORSE offered an amendment appro-
priating $20,000 for the survey and improvement of
the Sabine river: rejected. , .
Mr. HOGE offered an amendment appropriating
$100,000 for the improvement of the upper and
lower rapids of the Mississippi river: rejected.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON offered an amend-
ment appropriating $50,000 for the Tennessee river
and its tributaries; which was. rejected.
Mr. J. said he would not be understood, in the
presentation of this amendment, as expressing any
opinion in relation to the power of the federal gov-
ernment to appropriate money for such purposes,
or as committing himself in any way in favor of the
general government making internal improvements
through the States. His opinion, when the ques-
tion was presented in a proper form, would be ex-
pressed without reserve.
Mr. DELLET offered an amendment appro-
priating $30,000 for erecting; fortifications on Dau-
phin Island, Mobile bay: rejected.
Mr. STEENROD moved to strike out that por-
tion of the bill which makes appropriations for the
Hudson river: rejected.
Mr. HARDIN offered an amendment appro-
priating $100,000 for a ship channel round the
Saut de St. Mary's; and on taking the question the
vote was ayes 76, noes 32.
No quorum voting, .
Mr. HALE moved that the committee rise; wluch
motion was rejected. ,
The question was again put on Mr. riA'tDiN s
amendment, and the vote was ayes 75, noes 2.t.
Several amendments were offered and voted upon,
but amidst the confusion which prevailed, the pur-
port could not be obtained.
Mr. BLACICWELL offered an amendment for
the improvement of the Tennessee river $100,000.
The amendment was negatived.
Other amendments were offered by Mr. 11AM-
mett
By Mr. HOUSTON, $100,000 for the Missis-
sippi river: rejected.
By Mr. STEENROD, for a bridge across the
Ohio river: rejected. .
By Mr. SEIDELL, $300,000 for improving the
harbor at IN ew Orleans: rejected.
By Mr. RAYNER, $100,000 for the improvement
of the navigation from Albemarle to the Atlantic, in
North Carolina: rejected.
Rv Mr. CROSS, $75,000 for Red river: rejected.
Mr STEENROD moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose and reported
Pr?lr?TIBBATTS moved that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and called the yeas and nays on this mo-
'°Mr. THOMPSON moved that Hhe House ad-
J°The yeas and nays, and tellers, were successively
asked, and refused. ^ ,
Mr. McKAY appealed to Mr. Thompson to with-
draw the motion to adjourn.
Mr. THOMPSON complied with the request.
Mr! McKAY, stating that to-morrow was the last
dav of the session, when, under the rules, bills could
be sent to the Senate, moved that when the House
adjourn, they adjourn to meet at ten o clock* which
WOna^otfon°of Mr. THOMPSON, the House then
adjourned to to-merrow, at ten o'clock.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
Bv Mr STILES: The petition of F- A. Tepper, praying
remuneration for services not provided foi'by lawgis tlie
United States "weigher and gftuger" at Savannah, Georgia,
referred to the Committee on Commerce. TIll.kon an,i
Hv Mr BOWLIN: The memorial of T. B. Hudson ana
others, a committee of a public meeting of the citizenslof
St. Louis, submitting facts and reasons in support of the cn-
laro-ement of the appropriation for the harbor of St. Louis
Mifsouri: referred to the Committee of the Whole House
0nBy VlACk"'"two petitions, signed by . cW m
 Y ^ fe tS
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
UByMr. WENTWORTH: The petition of Silas Chatfield,
oFMeHenry county, Illinois, Inr a pension: referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. KOGJT.RS: The petition ol 155 citizens of Green-
wich Washington county, New York,in favoro'f the post
office'bill from the Senate, .and praying for the passage of
the same: referred to the Committee ol the "Whole on- the
state of the Union. . m ' •
Bv H DODGE: The petition of 141 citizens of the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin, asking Congress for an appropriation for
a light-house at Sank harbor, Wa-shington county, w the
western .shore of Lake Michigan, msa,d Territory: referred
to the Committee on Commerce. The petition of 68 oiti-
zens of Milwaukie county, Territory of Wisconsin, asking
the establishment of a mail route from the town Milwaukie
to Wawatoosi and Brookfield, through the south part of
Menomonie, Lisbon and Warsaw.and trough the north part
of Delafield, intersecting the mail route at the town of Sum-
mit, in said Territory: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. The petition of 208 citizens of
the Territory of Wisconsin, asking the establishment ol a
mail route from Gratiot's Grove, Iowa county, to Madi on,
the seat of government, in said Territory: referred to
Committee on the Post Oflice and Post Roads
Bv Mr. DANA : The memorial of George Lane
and other publishers in New York, against forcing alt
newspapers to pass through the mail. Also, the petition ot
170 inhabitants of Penn Yann, Yates county, New York,
praying the passage of the Senate bill reducing postage to
live cents on a letter not exceeding half an ounce in weight.
Also, the petition of 130 inhabitants of, Ithaca, New York,
praying for the passage of the Senate 4nll to reduce post-
aSBv Mr. FRENCH: The petition of .James Abbot, of Law-
rence countv, Kentucky, praying for a pension: referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Bv Mr PRATT: A petition from a large number ol the
inhabitants of Catskill, for the removal of obstructions in
the navigation of their creek at its junction with the ilud-
^By'vlr! STRONG: Several petitions numerously signed
by-tile inhabitants of Riverhead and Patehogue. in Suffolk
county, New York, praying the House to pass the Senate
bill forthe reduction of postage.  
BvMr. MURPHY: The petition of B.dward Corning and
others, of Brooklyn, in the State of New York, praying the
passage of the Senate bill for the reduction of postage,
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 27, 1845.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the reading of the
journal was dispensed with.
The PRESIDENT pro tern- laid befoie the ben-
ate the, memorial of the legislative assembly of Wis-
consin, relative to the United States road from the
fulls of St. Croix to Laporte, on Lake Superior, and
other roads; which were ordered to be primed.
Mr. MERIIICK presented a memorial from
Natchez, Mississippi, praying a reduction of the
rates of postage, and the abolition of the franking
privilege: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BATES presented a report of a committee
adopted by the legislature of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, accompanied by resolutions which
passed that body, declaring its opposition to the ac-
quisition of any foreign territory to the United
Slates by legislative enactment as repugnant to the
constitution; and lo the admission into the Union of
Texas, or any State or Territory not now within
the limits of the Union, on any other basis than the
perfect equali ty of freemen.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance, re-
ported a bill supplementary to the act entitled An
act regulating the value of foreign coin at the cus-
tom-houses of the United States—regulating the
value of the Austrian florin; which was read twice;
and, the previous orders being postponed for the
purpose, was taken up and considered as in com-
mittee of the whoje, reported tojhe Senate, and
finally passed. ,
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill to abolish the land of-
fice at Fort Wayne, Indiana, to modify the bounda-
ries of certain land districts, and to provide for the
sale of certain lands acquired from the Miami In-
dians, in the same State; which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. PEARCE introduced a joint resolution con-
cerning the accounting officers of the treasury;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition from John
Smith Hanna, of Baltimore, against the annexation
of Texas to the United States; which was ordered
to be printed. .
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which the subject was referred, reported
a resolution in favor of printing 500 copies extra of
the astronomical and magnetic, observations made
by Lieutenant Gillis, under the instruction of the
Navy Department of the 13th August, 1838; which
was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. CHOATE, the Committee on
the Library was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the memorial of the American Statistica
Association, praying the adoption of measures ior
