CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
First.. Said State to be formed, subject to the adjustment ^
by this government of all questions of boundary that maj;
arise with other governments: and the constitution thereof,
with the proper evidence of its adoption by the people of
said republic of Texas, shall be transmitted to the President
of the United States, to be laid befofe Congress for its final
action, on or before the first day of January, one thousand
eight hundred and forty-six.
Second. Said" State, when admitted into the Union, after
ceding to the United States all public edifices, fortifications,
barracks, ports and harbors, navy and navy yards, docks,
magazines, arms, armaments, and all other property and
means pertaining to the public defence, belonging to said re-
public of Texas, shall retain all the public funds, debts, taxes,
and dues of every kind, which may belong to or "be due or ow-
ing said republic; and shall also retain all the vacant and un
appropriated lands lying within its limits, to be applied to the
payment of the debts and liabilities of said republic of
Texas; and the residue of said lands, after'discharging said
debts and liabilities, to be disposed of as said State may di-
rect; but in no event are said debts and liabilities to become
a charge upon the government of the United States.
Third. New States, of convenienTssize, not exceeding
four in number, in addition to said State oTTexas, and having
sufficient population, may hereafter, by the consent of said
State, be formed out of the territory thereof, which shall
be entitled to admission under the provisions of tlio federal
constitution. And such States as may be formed out of that
portion of said territory lying south of thirty-six degrees
thirty minutes north latitude, commonly known as the
Missouri compromise line, shell be admitted into the Union,
with or without slavery, as the people of each State asking
admission may desire." And in such State or States as shail
be formed out of said territory north of said Missouii com-
promise line, slavery or involuntary servitude (except for
crimes) shall be prohibited.
Sec. 3. Jlnd he it further resolved, That if the President of
the United States shall, in his judgment and discretion,
deem it most advisable, instead or proceeding to submit the
foregoing resolution to the republic of Texas, as an over-
tute on the part of the United States for admission, to ne-
gotiate with that republic, then
Be it t esolved, That a State, to he formed out of the pres.
ent republic ol Texas, with suitable extent and boundvmes,
and with two repiesentativi s in Congress until Uu next ap-
portionment of lepresoiitation, shall be admitted into the
Union by virtue of this act, on an equal footing with the
existing States, as soon as the terms and conditions of such
admission, and the cession ol the remaining Texian territo-
ry to the United States shall be agreed upon by the govern-
ments of Texas and the Lmted States, and the sum oi f lOO.-
OOO is heiebj appropriated to defray the expenses of mis-
sions and negotiations, to agree upon the terms of said ad-
mission aud cession, either by treaty to be submitted to the
Senate, or by articles to be submitted to the two Houses ol
Congress, as the President may duect.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, at 9 p. ni. the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 27, 1845.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY aaked leave to report, from
the Committee of Commerce, a joint resolution con-
corning the treasury order in relation to the duty on
coffee.
Objected to,
Mr. KENNEDY moved to suspend the rules;
which motion was rejected.
Mr. SUMMERS asked leave to report n bill;
but objections being made, the report was not re-
ceived.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to suspend the rules, in
order that the House might resolve itself into n
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; on which motion the vote was—nyes 50,
noes 20.
No quorum voting,
Mr. McKAY moved a call of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON called for the yeas and nays;
which being ordered, the question was taken, and
resulted in the affirmative—yeas 60, nays 56.
Mr HOPKINS moved that all further proceed-
ings under the call be suspended, a quorum now be-
ing present.
That motion was agreed to.
HAKBOR AND RIVER BILL*
On the motion of Mr. Melt AY, the House re]
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd m the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill making appro-
priations for certain harbors and rivers.
Mr. MeKAY hoped that hill would be got rid of
as soon as possible, that the House might proceed
to other business.
The committee then proceeded to vote on the
amendments which were offered. There weie great
numbers offered for the purpose of making appro-
priations for improvements in as many ssctions of
the Union; but they were all rejected.
Mr. TIBBATTS now modified his substitute by
°ffTheSreadTi!g wa°r called for, and the Clerk read it
aCMr?:Thsbatts's substitute was as follows:
That the following sums are hereby appropriated, out of
any unappropriated money in the treasury, for the following
purposes, viz:
For the continuation of thfi breakwater structure at Bur-
lington, on lake Champlain, fifteen thousand dollars j
*'or the continuation of the breakwater structure at Plaits-
burg, on lake Champlain, fifteen thousand dollars;-
For the improvement of the harbor at "Whitehall, on Lake
Champlain, hve thousand dollars;
For the improvement of the harbor at Port Ontario, op
Lake Ontario, ten thousand dollars;
For the improvement of the harbor at Oswego, on Lake
Ontario, twenty-five thousand dollars;
For the improvement of Big Sodus bay, on Lake Ontario,
five thousand dollars;
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Gene-
see river, on Lake Ontario, twenty-five thousand dollars;
For the'improvement of the harbor of Sackett's Harbor,
on Lake Ontario, one thousand dollars;
For the improvement of the Oak Orchard Harbor, State of
New York, five thousand dollars;
For the construction of a dredge boat, for Lake Ontario,
twenty thousand dollars;
For Repairing the harbor at Buffalo, on Lake Erie, and the
continuation af the sea-wall for the protection of the same,
fifty thousand dollars;
tor improving the harbor at Dunkirk, on Lake Erie,
twenty thousand dollars;
For improving the harbor at Erie, on Lake Erie, thirty
thousand dollars;
For improving Grand River harbor, on Lake Erie, ten
thousand dollars;
For improving the harbor at Cleveland, on Lake Erie.
twentjr-Jive thousand dollars;
For improving the haibot at Huron, on Lake Erie, five
thousand dollars;
For improving the harbor at Sandusky city, on Lake Erie,
five thousand dollars;
For improving the River Raisin haibor, on Lake Ene, ton
thousand dollars;
For constructing a dredge boat, to be used on Lake Ene,
twenty thousand dollars,
For the improvement of the 8t. Clair flats, so called, so
as to prevent their obstructing the passage ol vessels from
Buffalo to the ports on Lake Kiichigan, forty thousand dol-
lars;
For improving the (hand River harbor on Lake Michi-
gan, as to give protection to vessels sailing on said lake, ten
thousand dollcm,
For improving the harbor at the mouth of the Kalama-
voo rivt'i', on Lake Michigan, so as to give protection to
th   vessels bailing on saidlake, ten thousand dollars;
For improving thi' harbor at St. Joseph, on Lake Michi-
gan, ten thousand dollars;
For improving the haibor at Michigan city, on Lake
Michigan, twenty-live thousand dollars;
For the improvement of Little Fort harbor, on Lake
Michigan, twelve thousand dollars;
For improving the harbor at Racine, on Lake Michigan,
seventeen thousand eight hundred and fifty-two dollars;
For improving the haibor at Mihvaukie, on Lake Michi-
gan, twenty-fiwi thousand dollars;
For improving the haibor at St. Louis, fifty thousand dol-
lars,
For constructing a breakwater structure at Stamfoul
ledge, Maine, twent) thousand dollars;
For improving the harbor at Boston, foity thousand dol-
lars,
For improving the harbot at Bridgeport, Connec ticut, fif-
teen fhouMtnd dollars;
For improving the harbor at Tort Jefferson 'bay, New
York, five thousand dollars:
For improving the haiboi at Newcastle, Delaware, fifteen
thousand dollars,
For improving the harbor at Tort Tenn, Delaware, ten
thousand dallars;
For completing the Delaware breakwater, one hundred
thousand dollars;
For improving the harbor at Baltimore city, twenty thou-
sand dollais;
Foi improving Hog Island channel, at ( hurle&ton city,
South Carolina, twenty-five thousand dollars,
I-or removing obstructions m the Savannah liver, caused
bv tho sinking of vessels ior public reasons during th<  j ev-
olutionary war, lift) thonsanddollais,
For th" imptovement of the- Ohio rivvr, aho\e the tails, at
Louisville, one hundred thousand dollars.
For the improvement of what is commonly called tho In-
duui chute, in the falls of the Ohio, fifteen thousand dollars,
if the Secretary at War should deem the same advisable;
For the improvement of tho Ohio river below the falls, at
Louisville, and of the Mississippi, Missouri, and Arkansas
rivers, two hundred and forty thousand dollars,
Fm surveys that may be necessaiy by tho War Depart-
ment. with u view to improvements for the protection and
seenuty of the commerce of the count!)*, twenty thousand
dolhus;
For keeping m repair and extending the public works,
aud removing" the obstructions in the Hudson river, be-
tween the cities of Trov and Albany, and below the latter
plaee, to liMuh'i more accessible the United States arsenal
and depot situiittd between these cities, one hundred thou-
sand dollars;
The sum ol five hundred aud fifty thousand dollars for
the purpose of purchasing the residue of the nock held by
individuals m the Louisville aud Portland ( anal Company ,
and the Louisville Dry Dock Company, for the purpose of
making the same free from toll, which the. Secretary ol the
Tieasury is hereby directed to purchase at the lowest price
it can be had: Pjoiultd, That the whole cobt of the pur-
chase of the stock in the said Dry Dock Company shall not
excced the sum of fifty thousand dollars .'bid provided fur-
ther, That the stock in said Canal Company shall not ex-
ceed one hundred and thirty dollars per share.
For constructing a ship canal round the falls of the Sault
St Mary, the sum of onehundred thousand dollars;
For continuing the work upon the Cumberland road
through the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois in equal
proportion m each of said States, three hundred thousand
dollars;
For opening a communication between Albemarle Found
and the Atlantic ocean, and the improvement of a harbor
at, or near, Old Roanoke inlet, on the coast of North Caroli-
na, fifty thousand dollars;
For the improvement of the navigation of Newark bay
and the Passaic river, near Newark, New Jersey, fifteen
thousand dollars;
For removing obstructions from the mouth of the Sus-
quehanna river near Havre de Grace, and improving the
main channel into the Chesapeake bay, twenty thousand
dollars. ' -
Which sums of money hereby .appropriated for the im-
provement of harbors and rivers shall be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of War. *
Mr. A. JOHNSON moved an amendment tb the
amendment of one million for the continuation of
the Charleston and Cincinnati railroad, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the president and di-
rectors of said company: rejected.
Mr. HAMMETT moved an amendment to the
amendment to appropriate $10,000 for the survey
and improvement in the rapids of the Pass Chris-
tian in the Gulf of Mexico, near the State of Missis-
sippi: rejected.
Mr. CATLIN moved an amendment to the
amendment of $10,000 for the continuation of the
improvement of the navigation of the Thame's river,
NewJLondon harbor, Connecticut: rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON moved an amendment to tho
amendment of $100,000 for the continuation of im-
provements in the Tennessee river: rejected.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved an amendment to
the substitute amendment of Mr. Tibbatts, to
strike out all said substitute except the first clause
and insert in lieu thereof the bill of tho House No.
542 for the improvement of harbors with tho addi-
tion of a single item of appropriation.
Mr. THOMPSON raised a point of order against
the amendment; which, after some conversation,,
was overruled.
The amendment thus being; decided in order, the
question was taken, and the amendment was re-
jected.
RAILROAD TO THE ROCKY MOUNTAINS.
Mr. PRATT moved an amendment of §10,000,
to be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of War for the survey of a railroad from Lake
Michigan to the South pass of the Stony mountains:
rejected.
MARINE HOSPITALS.
Mr. E. D. POTTER moved an amendment to the
amendment appropriating for the erection of a ma-
rine hospital at Cleveland, Ohio, $15,000; a marine
hospital at Louisville, Kentucky, §15,000; and a
marine hospital at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, $15,-
000—ail these sums to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War. The amendment was
rejected.
AERONAUTICAL EXPEDITION.
Mr. A. JOHNSON moved an amendment to
the amendment, appropriating for the construction
of an atmospheric railroad from Schuylerville, Vir-
ginia, to Nashville, Tennessee, $2,500,000.
The House preferring to remain quietly on terra
firma, the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CAUSIN moved an amendment to the
amendment of $30,000 for a free bridge across the
eastern branch of the Potomac at Washington: re-
jected.
The question recurring on the substitute amend-
ment of Mr. Tibbatts, it was taken by tellers, and
dccided in the affirmative—ayes 85, noes 35.
So the substitute for the bill was adopted.
On motion of Mr. THOMASSON, the commit-
mittee rose and reported the bill to the House.
The question being on concurring in the amend-
ments of the Committee of the "Whole on the state
of the Union,
Mr. THOMASSON moved the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded.
Mr. BELSER moved to lay the bill on the table;
and on this motion asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The question was taken, and the vote stood—
yeas 80, nays 97, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arrington, Atkinson
Bayly. Belser, Benton. James A. Black, Blackwell, Boyd,
Brengks, Brodlmad, Aaron V. Brown, Burke, Caldwell,
Campbell, Catlm, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A Chap-
man, Clinton, Cobt), Coles, Cranston, Cross, Coliom, Daniel,
Richaid D. Davis, Dellet, Dillingham, Dronigoole, Farlee,
Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, Hammett, Haralson, Henley, Hoge,
Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, Hungerford, Cave
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Preston
King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin,
Maclay, McClernand, McConnctl, McKay, Isaac E. Muise,
Norris, Parmenter, Peyton, hlisha R. Potter, Kmery JJ.
Potter, Purdy, David 9. Keid, Hitter, Roberts, Russell,
Saunders, Thomas H. Se> mour, Simpson, Slidel), Spence,
