364
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
John Stewart, Stiles, Strong, Taylor, Thompson, Tucker,
Williams, Woodward, and Yost—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Ashe, Baker, Barnard, Bowlin,
Brinkerhoft', Milton Brown, William J. Brown, Jeremiah
Brown, Buflington, Jeremiah E. Gary, Carroll, Clinch,
Clingman, Collamer, Darragh, Garrett Davis, John W.
Davis, Dean, Dickey, Ellis, Elmer, fish, Florence, Foot,
Foster, French, Giddings, Willis Green, Byram Green,
Grinnell, Grider, Edward S. Hamlin, Harper, Herrick,
Hudson, Hughes, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles
J'. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew Ken-
nedy, John P Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Lyon, McCauslen,
-McClelland, McDowell, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Mor-
ris, Joseph Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Moseley, Paterson,
Pettit, Phcenix, Pollock, Pratt, Preston, Ramsey, Rayner,
Charles M. Reed, Robinson, Rockwell, Rodney,-Rogers,
St. John, Sample, Schenck, David L. Seymour, Simons,
Albert Smith, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Andrew Stewart, Alfred P.
Stone, Sykes, Thomasson. Tibbatts, Tilden, Tyler, Vance,
Vanmeter, Vinton, Weller, "Wentworth, Wetfieied, John
White, Benjamin White, "Winthrop, William Wright,
and Joseph A. Wright—87. , .
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The question recurring on ordering the main
question,
Mr. BELSER said he was satisfied the House
would like to know the amount appropriated, and
the objects appropriated for. He desired to have
the amendment read.
Cries of "Order! order!!"
The SPEAKER directed the amendment to be
read; and it was read accordingly.
The main puestion was then ordered without a
division.
The main question—viz. on agreeing to the
amendment of the Committee of the Whole—being
put,
Mr. G. W. JONES called for a division of the
question, so that the vote might be taken on each
proposition separately, and that each might stand or
fall on its own merits.
The CHAIR decided that the question was not
divisible.
Mr. G. W. JONES appealed from that decision,
but, on the reading of the rule, withdrew his ap-
peal.
After a conversation between Mr. THOMPSON
and the SPEAKER, the yeas and nays were taken
on concurring with the amendments of the commit-
tee, and resulted—yeas 89, nays 96, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Baker, Barnard, Bow-
lin, Brinkerhoft', "William J. Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buf-
fington, Jeremiah E. Gary, Cairoll, Chilton, Clinch, Cling-
man, Dana, Darragh, Garrett Davis, John W. Davis, Dickey,
Douglass, Dunlap, Elmer, Ficklm, Fish, Florence, French,
Giddings, B. Green, Grider, E. S. Hamlin, Hardin, Harper,
Hudson, Washington Hunt,James B.Hunt, Charles J. Inger-
soll, Irvin, Jameson, Jenks, P. B. Johnson, A. Kennedy,
John P. Kennedy, D. P. King, L>on, McCauslen, McClelland,
Mcllvaine, Edward J. Monis, Joseph Morns,, Freeman H.
Morse, Moseley, Owen, Paterson, Phcpnix, Pollock, Pratt,
Preston, Ramsey, Rayner, Charles M. Reed, Robinson,
Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers, Sajnple, Schenck, David L. Sey-
mour, Simons, Albert Smith, John T. Smith, Thomas
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Andrew Stewart,
Sykes, Thomasson, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Van-
inetei, Vinton, Weller, Wentworth, "Wethered, John White,
Winthrop, William Wright, and Joseph A. Wright—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Arrington, Ashe, Atkinson,
Bayly, Belser, Benton, Bidlack, James Black, James A.
Black, Blackwell, Boyd, Brengle, Brodhead, Aaron V.
Brown, Milton Brown, Burke, Caldwell, Campbell, Catlin,
Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Clin-
ton, Cobb, Coles, Collamer, Cullom, Daniel, Richard D,
Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dellet, Dillingham, DromgooJe,
Foot, Foster, Fuller, Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, Hammett,
Haralson, Hays, Henley, Herrick, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston,
Hubard, Hubbell, Hungerford, C. Johnson, A. Johnson,
George W. Jones, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas. Lumpkin,
Maclay, McClernand, McConnell, McDowell, McKay,
Marsh, Isaac E. Morse, Newton, Norris, Parijicnter, Payne,
Peyton, Emery D. Potter, Purdy, Rathbun, David S. Reid,
Reding, Ritter, Roberts, Russell, St. John, Saunders,
Thomas H. Seymour, Simpson, Shdell, Spence, Stetson,
John Stewart, Stiles, James W. Stone, Alfred P. Stone,
Strong, Taylor, Thompson, Tucker, Benjamin White,
Woodward, and Yost—96.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
The question then recurred on the amendments
agreed to before the substitute of Mr. Tibbatts was
proposed.
After some conversation on points of order, the
question was taken on the first amendment, which
appropriates $100,000 for a ship canal round the
falls of Sault St. Mary; and resulted—yeas 78, nays
88- So the amendment was rejected.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
The next amendment, appropriating for continu-
ing the work on the Cumberland road through the
States of Ohio, Indiane, and Illinois, (equal propor-
tions in each State,) $300,000, being under consid-
eration, the yeas and nays were asked, and ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 67, nays 79, as fol-
lows:
YEA1&—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Barnard, Brodhead,
William J. Brown, Bufflngton, -Carroll, Chilton, John W.
Davis, Dean, Dickey, Douglass, Ellis, Elmer, Ficklin, Fish,
Florence, Giddings, Edward S. Hamlin, Hardin, Harper,
Hays, Henley, Hoge, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Charles
J. Ingersoll, Jameson, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew Kenne-
dy, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King, McCauslen, Mc-
Clelland, McClernand, McDowell, Mcllvaine, Edward J.
Morris, Joseph Moriis, Moseley, Owen, Pettit, Phcenix, Pol*
lotfk, Klisha R. Potter, Emery Dt Potter, Relfe, Rockwell,
Rogers, St. John, Sample, Schenck, David L. Seymour,
Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod,
Andrew Stewart, Alfred P. Stone, Sykes, Thomasson, Tib-
batts, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Weller,
Wentworth, Wethered, John White, Winthrop, William
Wright, and Joseph A. Wright—67.
N A.YS—Messrs Arrington, Atkinson, Belser, Benton,
Bidlack, Blackwell, Boya, Brengle, Burke, Burt, Caldwell,
Campbell, Carpenter, Jeremiah E. Care)', Reuben Chap-
man, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Cobb, Coles, Colla-
mer, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Darragh, Richard D. Davis,
Dawson, Dellet, Dillingham, Dromgoole, Foot, Foster,
French, Fuller, Byram Green, Hale, Hannibal Hamlin,
Hammett, Haralson, Herrick, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard,
Hubbell, Hughes, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Cave John-
son, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Preston King,
Labraiiche, Lucas* Lumpkin, Maclay, McConnell, McKay,
Marsh, Newton, Norris, Parmenter, Payne, Purdy, Rath-
bun, David S. Reid, Reding, Rhett, Ritter, Roberts, Rob
inson, Thomas H. Seymour, Simpson, Slidell, Spence, •
Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles, Strong. Taylor, Tucker,
Wheaton, Benjamin White, Williams, Woodward, and
Yost—79.
So the amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was as follows:
For opening a communication between Albemarle sound
and the Atlantic ocean, and the improvement of the harbor
near Roanoke inlet on the coast of North Carolina, under
the superintendence and diiection of the Secretary of War,
$100,000.
And the yeas and nays being called for and order-
ed, the question was tajken, and decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 52, nays 109, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Arrington, Baker, Bar-
ringer, Barnard, Jeremiah Brown, Buflingtou, Chilton,
Clinch, Clmgman, Deberry, Dickey, Fish, Kloienee, Edward
S. ILunlm, Hardin, Harper, Hudson, Washington Hunt,
Chailes J. Ingcrboll, Iivin, Jameson, Pcih-y h Johnson,
Daniel P. King, .McClelland, McClernand, Mcllvaine, Marsh,
Edward Joy Morris, PreemanH. Morse, Moseley, Phrenix,
Ramsey, Rayner, Charles M. Reed, David S. Keid, Rock-
well, Rogers, Saundeis, Schenck, Calob B. Smith, Spcnct",
Thomasson, Tibbatts, Tihlen, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vin-
ton, Wethered, John White, William Wright, and Joseph
A. Wright—5*2
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Belser, Benton. Edward J.
Black, James Black, James A Black, Blackwell, Bowlin,
Bojd, Brengle, Biodhead, Aaron V. Brown, William J
Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Carpenter, Jere-
miah E. Cary, Reuben Chanman, Clinton, Cobb, Collamer,
Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Richard D. Davis, John W. Davis,
Dawson, Dean, Delict, Dillingham, Diomgoole, Dunlap,
Farlee, Ficklin. Foster, French, Fuller, B) ram Green, Grin-
nell, Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, Hammett, Haralson, Hays,
Henley, Herrick, Hoge. Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hub-
bell, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Cave Johnson, Andrew
Johnson,George W. Jones, Preston King, Kirkpatnck, La-
braiiche. Lucas, Lumpkin. Lyon, McCauslcn, Maclay,
McConnell, McDowell, McKay, Joseph Moiris, Isaac F„.
Morse, Newton, Nonis, Owen. Tarmentor, Payne, Pettit,
Emery D. Potter, Purdy, Reding, Relic, Rhett, Ritter,
Roberts, Robinson, Russell, Sample, Thomas H. Seymour,
Simpson, Shdell, John T. Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod,
Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles, James W Stone, Alfred P.
Stone, Strong, Stkes, Thompson, Tucker, Weller, Went-
worth, Wheaton^ Bwnjainin White, Winthrop, Woodward,
and Yost—109.
Mr. FOOT moved a reconsideration of the vote,
by which the substitute of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Tjbbatts] was rejected.
Mr. CALEB B SMITH moved a call of the
House.
Mr. HAMMETT asked if the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Foot] voted with the majority.
Mr. FOOT replied that he did.
Mr. HAMLIN raised the point of order that the
reconsideration moved by the gentleman from Ver-
mont was not in order without reconsidering all the
votes sincc taken.
The CHAIR overruled the point of order of Mr-
Hamlin.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to lay the motion for re-
consideration on the table.
Mr. DROMGOOLE raised the following point of
order: The previous question not being yet exhaust-
ed, it was not in order to entertain a motion for a
call of the House or reconsideration.
The SPEAKER decided that the motion for a call
of the House was not in order, but that the motion
for reconsideration was.
Mr. McKAY called for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and the question being put on laying
the motion for reconsideration on the table, it was
decided in the affirmative—-yeas 96, nays 84.
The question then recuried on the engrossment
of the bill.
Mr. DROMGOOLE called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
thus—yeas 87, nays 91;
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams,, Baker, Barnard, Bow-.
lib. Brengle, Jeremiah Brd^n, Carpenter, Jeremiah E.
Cafy, Carroll, Chilton, Clinch, Dana, Darragh, Garrett
Davis, Richard D. Davis, Dean, Dickey, DoUglass, £llis,
Elmer, Farlee, Fieh, Foot, Foster, French, Fuller, Giddings,
Byram Green, Grinnell,. Edward S. Hamlin, Hardin, Har-
per, Henley, Hubbell, Hudson, Washington Hunt, James
B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jameson, Jenks,
P B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Lyon,
McCauslen, McClelland, McDowell, Mcllvaine, Marsh,
Joseph Morris, Moseley, Phcenix, Pollock, Elisha R. Pot-
ter, Emery D. Potter, Pieston, Rathbun, Charles M. Reed,
Belfe, Robinson, Rockwell, Sogers, Russell, St. John,
Sample, David L. Seymdur, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith,
Spence, Steenrod, Stetson, Sykes, Thompson, Tibbatts,
Tilden, Tyler, Vanmeter, Vittton, Wentworth, Wethered,
Wheaton, John White, Winthrop, William Wright, and
Joseph A. Wright—87.'
NAYS—Mevssrs. Arrington, Atkinson, Bairinger, Bayly,
Belser, Benton, Edward J Black, James Black, James A.
Black, Blackwell, Boyd, Brodhead, Aaron V. Brown, Wil-
liam J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Catlin,
Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Clin-
ton, Cobb, Coles, Cranston, Cullom, Daniel, John W. Davis,
Dawson, Deberry, Dellet, Dillingham, Dromgoole, Ficklin,
Florence, Hale, Hannibal Hamlin. Hammett, Haralson,
Hcrnck, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, CaVe Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Kehnedy,
Kirkpatnck, Labranche, Lucas, Lumpkin, Maclay, McCler-
nand, McConnell, McKay, Isaac E. Morse, Newton, Nor*
ns, Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Rayner, David S, Reid,
Reding, Rhett, Ritter, Roberts, Rodney, Saunders, Schenck,
Thomas H. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Caleb B. Smith,
Robert Smith, John Stewart, Stiles, Alfred P Stone,
Strong, Taylor. Thompson, Tucker, Vance, Weller, Ben-
jamin White, Williams, Woodward, Yancey, and Yost—i l.
So the motion was rejected.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inoved to reconsider the
vote, and on this demanded the previous question.
The yeas and nays were asked.
Mr. SCHENCK moved a call of the House.
Mr. HALE moved to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider; and on this called the yeas and nays.
The motion for a call of the House being first in
order,
Mr. TIBBATTS asked* the yeas and nays there-
on; which were ordered, and being taken, resulted
yeas 59, nays 109.
So a call of the House was refused.
The question recurring on laying on the table the
motion to reconsider,
The yeas and nays having been refused, was taken
by tellers, and decided in the negative—ayes 71,
noes 93.
So the House refused to lay on the table.
The question recurring on the demand for the
previous question, it was seconded, and the main
question was ordered; which being on the reconsid-
eration of the vote, was taken—the yeas and nays
having been ordered at the demand of Mr. Hop-
kins—and decided in the affirmative—yeas 102,
nays 77.
So the House agreed to reconsider the question.
Mr. STEENROD offered the following amend-
ment:
lie it enacted by tht Senatt and House of Representatives of
the United States of ,'lmcrica in Congress assembled, That
the sum of $70,000 be, and the same is hereby appropriated
for the (purpose of continuing the Cumberland road, in th«
State, of Ohio; that the sum of $75,000 be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated for the purpose of continuing the
Cumberland road m the State of Indiana; and that the sum
of $75,000 be,.and the same is hereby, appropriated for the
pmpose of continuing the Cumberland road, m the State of
Illinois; which several sums shall be paid out of any money
in the treasury, not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, empowered and directed to cause
a bridge to be btult across the rive Ohio, so as to extend the
Cumberland road at Wheeling, in the State of Virginia, to
the State of Ohio.
"Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That for the construc-
tion of said bridge in part, there is hereby appropriated the
sum of $20,000, to be paid as required in the construction
therpnf out of any money jn the treasury 'not othei wise
appropriated: I'ioi )drd, howver, That the said bridge shall
be so contructcd as to admit at alltimes, without obstiuc•
tion or delay, of the safe and eai-y passage of steamboats
of thejlarge.st dimensions.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired whether it was not
the same amendment that was recently rejected.
The CHAIR said it was not.
The amendment being read,
Mr. STEENROD moved the previous question,
Mr. TIBBATTS asked the gentleman to with-
draw his call for the previous question, to allow him
to offer the same amendment that^he had offered be-
fore, so modified as to reducc the appropriation for
the JLouisville and Portland canal to $250,000, and
for the Cumberland road to $,75,000 in each State.
Mr. STEENROD declined, and
The question being taken on seconding^ the pre-
vious question, it was decided in the negative—ayes
65, noes 85.
So there was no secend.
Mr. TIBBATTS then offered the same amend-
ment, which he had previously offered, and which
