CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
was- rejected, with the modifications stated by
him.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded, and the main question
ordered.
The main question was then put on Mr. Tib*
batts's amendment to the amendment.
Mr. COBB called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered, and resulted thus—yeas 85, nays
86, as follows: '
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Baker, Barnard, Bowlin,
"William J. Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Bufliiugton, Jeremiah
E. Gary, Carroll, Chilton, Cranston, Dana, Oarragh, Gar-
rett T)avis, Dickey, Douglass, Ellis, Elmer, Ficklin, Fish,
Florence, Foot, Foster, French, Giddings, Grinnell, Grider,
iCdward S Hamlin, Hardin. Harper, Henley, Hudson. Wash-
ington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J. fngersoll, Jameson,
Jenks, Periey B Johnson, Andiew Kennedy, John P. Ken-
nedy, Lyon, McCauslen, McClellatfd, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Ed-
ward J. Morris, Joseph Moms, Freeman H. Morse, Moseley,
Owen, Paterson, Phcenix, Pollock, Elisha II. Potter, Pratt,
Preston, Ramsey, Rayner, Charles M. Reed, Relfe, Rodney,
Rogers, Sample, Schenck, David L. Seymonr, Simons, Al-
bert Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith,
Andrew Stewart, Thomasson, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tyler,
Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, "Wentworth, Withered,, John
White, Wmthrop, William Wright, and Joseph A. Wright—
yo
NAYS—Messrs. Arlington, Atkiifson, Barringer, Bayly,
Bolser, Benton, Kdward J. Black, James Black, James A.
Black, Boyd, Brengle, Brodhcad, Aaron V. Brown, Mil-
ton Brown. Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Carpenter,
Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappeli, Clin-
ton, Cobb, Coles, Collamer, Cullom, Daniel, Kiehard D.
Davis, John VV" Davis, Dean, Deberry, Dromgoohi, Dun-
can, Fuller, Byram Green, Hale, Ilammett, Haralson,
Hays, Iloge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Ilubbell, llughrx,
C<tve Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Grorge W. Jones,
Preston King, Labrancho, Lucas, Lumpkin, Maclay, Mc-
Clernand, MeComiell, McDowell, M«Kay, Isaac K Morse,
Newton, Noiris, Paimenter, Payne, Purdj , David S. Iteid,
Heding, Rht-it, Hitter, Saundei s, Thomas II Seymour, Sh-
doll, John T Smith, Sponee, Steenrod, SJeUon, John Nte v-
ait, Stil« s, Alfred P Stone, Taylor, Thompson, Tucker,
"SVeller, Williams, Woodwaid, and Yost —tJt>.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question then recurred on Mr. Stef.nuod's
amendment, which he modified by reducing tlie ap-
propriation for the Cumberland road to $75,000.
The Clerk rend the amendment, at the request of
several members.
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR called for the yens and
nay-s and they were ordered, and resulted thus—
yeas 78, nays 8!.
So the first branch of the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurring on the second division of
the amendment,
Mr. J. W. DAVIS rose to n privileged intention.
He moved to reconsider the vote by which the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr.
Tuuiati'sJ had just been rejected; anil on this de-
manded the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to lay the mnlion to re-
consider on the table; and on this called the yeus
and nays; which were ordered.
The question was taken, and the vote stood—
yeas 68, nays 83.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
table.
The question recurring oil the motion for recon-
sideration,
Mr. HAMMETT moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr M<'KAY called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and the question being taken, result-
ed in—yeas C3, nays 84.
So the House refused to adjourn.
[Pending the above call, Mr. HAMMETT asked
the unanimous consentof the House to suspend the
call, and take a recess till fi o'clock, but this was
not agreed to.
it was then a quarter past four.]
After the above vote was announced,
Mr. McKAY proposed, by general consent, that
the House take a recess till six o'clock.
Objections being made,
Mr. JAMESON moved to suspend the rules; but
the CHAIR said the motion was not in order.
The question was then put on the motion to ic-
consuler, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 84,
nays 78.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
amendment.
Mr. McCLELLAND called for a division.
The SPEAKER proposed the question on the
first division accordingly.
Mr. TIBBATTS appealed from the decision of
the chair, for he contended that the amendment was
not divisible.
On the appeal the House sustained the decision of
the chair.
The SPEAKER again stated the question on
the first branch of the amendment; which, was the
appropriation of $15,000 for the breakwater on Lake
Champlain.
The yeas and nays were called for, and Qrdered.
Mr. SCHENCK moved an adjournment, on
which the yeas and nays were called for, but not
odered. -
Tellers were then called for and ordered; and
Messrs. A- P* Stone and Winthrop were appoint-
ed, and they reported 99 in the affirmative, and 46
in the negetive.
So the House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them;
By D. L. SEYMOUR: The petition of the inhabitants of
Rensselaer and "Washington counties, in the State of New
York, praying tfce passage of a law reducing the rates of
postage. '
By Mr. TYLER: The petition of Austin Smith and others,
of Chautauga county, New York, praying lor a reduction
of the rates of postages.
By Mr ROCKWkKXL: The petition of 51 citizens of
Stockbridge, Massachusetts, for reduction of postages.
By Mr. CAT LIN: The memorial of Jeremiah Day and
*2H others, editors and authors, in the city of New Haven,
Connecticut, praying that magazines and periodicals may
be placed on the same footing with newspapeis, with respect
to mail privileges: leferruil to the committee on the 1'ost
Office and Post Roads. Aluo, the mrmottal of W Wood-
ruff and -U5 others, citizens of Litchfield county, Connecti-
cut, upon the subject ol postage, and the irankmg privilege:
referred to the same committee. Also the memorial of
George Culver and 103 others, citizens of Noiwieh, Conn,
upon the same subject: referied to the same committe
Also, the memorial of William U. Cait and 112 othets, cit-
izens of Norwich. Connecticut, upon the same subject: re-
ferred to the same committee. Also, the memorial of b>. K.
I'ritchard and 4'I others, citizens ot Connecticut, praying
lhat Canada muv be immediately and unconditionally an
nexed to the Union: reierred to the Committee on Foreign
Artaira.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 28, 1845.
The PRESIDENT pro f« . lutd before the Senate
a communication from the Treasury Department,
transmitting the report of the superintendent Tor
construetm# a standard of weights and measures;
which, on motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, wua
ordeicd lo he printed, with 201) copies, in addition
to the utnm! quantity, for the uae of the office of the
superintendent.
Also laid before the Senate a < onnnumcation from
the Treasury Department, transmiuing, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate, a synoptical
index of all the instructions given by the Treasury
Department, in relation to the revenue Jaws; which,
on motion of Mr. EVANS, was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Also a mcMaago from the President of the United
States, tnummittin^ a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, enclosing a report from the
Commissioner of the General Land Ofliec, giving in-
formation relative to the reserved mineral lands in
the State of Illinois- ordered to lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, the message of the
President of the United States, accompanied by doc-
uments relative 10 the operations of the United
States squadron on the west coast of Africa, wus
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DICKINSON presented several memorials
fiom citizen* of Seneca county, New York, praying
for the immediate annexation of Texas to the uni-
ted States, and the occupation of the whole of Ore-
gon- ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from citi-
zens of Wyoming Valley, Pennsylvania, praying the
passage of the joint resolution for the relief of Fran-
ces Slocum, ot the Miami tribe ot Indians; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from 29 citizens of
New York, praying that measures may be taken for
the acquisition of Canada by the United State*-: or-
dered to he on the table.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Pensions, re-
ported back without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it be indefinitely postponed, the bill
from the House for the relief of George Wenthng.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, it was
lifsolvi'd, That 30,000 copies of the report of the Commis-
sioner of Patents (omitting the list of patents) in addition to
those heretoiore ordered, be printed for the use of the Sen-
ate.
On motion of Mr, ALLEN, leave was granted to
withdraw from the files the papers of Holly Roper,
of Belmont county, Ohio.
Several adverse reports of the standing commit-
tees, on private claims, were concurred in by the
Senate.
On motion by Mr. BARROW, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files the papers of Wm. W.
Chinn.
Mr. CHOATE presented the petition of the heirs-
at-law of John Manning, deceased, for indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800: ordered to lie on
the table.
The following bills were then read the third time
and passed, viz:
The bill for the relief of Putney and Riddle.
Tlie bill for the relief of Reuben Gentry, and
others; and the bill for the relief of William Hen-
son.
The engrossed bill entitled An act to enable the
Chickasaw nation of Indians to try the validity of
their claims in the courts of the United States, was
read the third time; and, tlie question being, "Shall
it pass?"—
Mr. JARNAGIN opposed the passage of the
bill, on the ground that it would exhaust all the in-
terest due those Indians, which has accrued on their
fund held in trust by the United States, in feeing at-
torneys in the District of Columbia to prosecute
their claims before the district and Supreme Courts.
Messrs. FOSTER, WALKER, and BERRIEN
advocated the passage pf the bill, en the ground that
it would enable those poor Indians to get that jus-
tice before the courts which was denied them by the
tarday action of Congress; and on the ground that
the passage of ths bill was desired by the whole
Chickasaw *ation, who had sent an agent on here to
press it upon the consideration of Congress.
The question was taken, and the bill was passed
by yeas 18, nays 15, as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Archer, Ashley, Atherton, Barrow, Ber-
rien, Ureese, Buchanan, Clioate, Colquitt, Dickinson, Fos-
ter, Ilannegan, Henderson, Johnson, Porter, Sturgeon,
Walker, and Woodbury—18.
NAY'S—Messrs. Alien, Atchison, Baghy, Bates, Bayard,
Benton, Evans, Jarnagin, McDuffie, Miller, Niles, Pearce,
Kempie, Tappan, and White—15
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill from
the House entitled an act regulating commercial in-
tercourse with the island of Miguelon and St,
Pierre.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back, without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, the joint resolution
from tlie House directing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, whenever any State shall., have been or may be
in default for the payment of interest or principal
on investments in its stocks or bonds held by the
United States in trust, to retain certain moneys to
which such State is entitled for the purposes therein
named.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill for the relief of
the State of Michigan and certain railroad compa-
nies—that is, by extending the time allowed to
them to lay down certain railroad iron, which they
were heretofore authorized to import free ofduty.
The question being on the passage of the bill, Mr.
STURGEON demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he would make no
speech against the bill, merely to save the time of the
Senate.
The question was then taken, and the bill was
passed by yeas 22, nays 18, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Clayton, Col-
Quitt. Crittenden, F.vaits, Poster, Francis. Henderson, fin-
ger. Johnson, McDuffie, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Seinple,
Simmons, Upham, White, Woodbridge, and Woodbury—
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Ashley, Atchison,tAtherton, Bagby,
Benton, Buchanan, Dayton, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Han-
negan, Ilaywood, Miller, Niles, Pearce, Sturgeon, and Tap-
pan— Id. 1
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was agreed to, viz:
Run! red, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to report to the Senate, at the next session ot Congress the
number or the pre-emption land claims in the State of Louis-
iana, tor which patents cannot be issued on account of the
irregularities in the entries, or from other causes and a
plan for their adjustment.
Mr. EVANS then called for the orders of the
day. y
Mr. ALLEN desired to bring on action upon the
bill for the admission of the States of Iowa and
Florida. He therefore moved to take up that bill,
