366
dOffGHESSlO&AL GtOfiE
as he did not believe that much time would be con-
sumed updn it. ' ,
Mr. EVANS said that the orders of the day took
precedence.
Mr. ALLEN said he would , therefore move to
postpone the orders of the day, and take up House
bill 497, '.'An act for the admission of the States of
Iowa and Florida into the Union."
Mr. EVANS opposed that motion, and said that
it was important to act upon the appropriation bill.
All who were conversant with the business of Con-
gress knew how difficult it was to get an appropria-
tion bill through when there was disagreement be-
tween the two Houses.
Mr. McDUFFIE asked for the yeas and nays;
which were taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, iiag-
by, Benton, Breese, Buchanan, Colquitt, Dickinson, Dix,
Fairfield, Hannegan, Haywood, Huger, McDuffie, Niles,
Semple, Sevier, Sturgeon. Tappan, Walker, and Wood-
bury—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Foster, Fran-
cis, Henderson, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson, Mangum,
Miller, Morehead, Pearce, Phelps, Porter, Simmons, Upham,
White, and Woodbridge— 26.
So the Senate refused to take up the bill for the
admission of Iowa and Florida.
Mr, BREESE presented a report in reply to a
resolution of thp Senate on the subject of mineral
lands, laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. EVANS moved to amend the bill on the
5th page, 117th line, by inserting an appropriation
of $3000 "for contingent expenses in relation to
loans."
Mr. WOODBURY wished to know what the ex-
penses were.
Mr. EVANS said they were for printing forms,
transfers, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EVANS moved to amend the bill in the 15th
page, 348th line, by striking out the word "annual,"
in the clause making an appropriation "for annual
repairs of the President's House:" agreed to.
Mr. E. moved to insert on the 23d page, after
252dline, "for erecting a monument overthe remains
of the late Major General Alexander Macomb, under
the direction of the Secretary of War, $1,000.
After some conversation between Messrs. EVANS
and WOODBURY, the amendment was agreed to.
An amendment appropriating $2,000 for deficien-
cy in the appropriation for salaries of certain clerks
in one of the departments, was agreed to.
Also an appropriation of $>80,000 for the mission
to China.
Mr. EVANS then offered an additional section,
appropriating such amount of money as might be
necessaiy to pay the postage directed by the bill
now before Congress, to be paid by the department
and charged to the government; the said appropri-
ation to take effort in the event of the passage of
the bill reducing postages and restricting the frank-
ins privilege.
Mr. SEVIER offered an amendment to the amend-
ment directing the amount of postage thus paid by
the department and charged to government to be
reported to the next Congress: agreed to.
The section was then added nom. con.
Mr. EVANS moved to reduce the appropriation
for keeping up the magnetic telegraph between
Washington and Baltimore from $8,000 to $3,000.
tie said that the telegraph, extended as it was only
from Washington to Baltimore, was useless; and he
thought $8,000 to much to pay for keeping it in op-
eration, as it had been during the past year. With
a view, however, to the preservation of the wires
and posts, and keeping them in good repair, he pro-
posed to appropriate §3,000. The Committee on
Finance had been pressed to report an appropriation
for extending the telegraph to New York; but they
did not think it their duty, as the subject was before
the Committee on Commerce. If the lelegraph was
to be kept up for the benefit of merchants, a tariff of
prices .should be adopted.
Mr. BARROW regretted the motion made by the
senator from Maine, [Mr. Evans ] He desired to
offer an amendment extending the telegraph from
Baltimore to New Yoik. He believed that the tel-
egraph, erected by the government and controlled by
the Post Office Department, would not only pay its
expenses, but be a source of revenue. He hoped
to see the day when it would be extended to Boston
and New Orleans.
Mr. EVANS, with a view to enable the senator
to offer his amendment, withdrew the motion he had
made.
Mr. BARROW then moved to insert the follow-
ing instead of the appropriation for keeping up the
telegraph between Washington and Baltimore:
That the Postmaster General be, and hereby is, authorized
and directed, in concurrence with the proprietors of Morse's
electro-magnetic telegraph, to contract for the construction
of said telegraph from the city of Baltimore to such point in
or opposite to the city of New Yoik, as may be found most
practicable, for the exclusive use and direction of the Uni-
ted States; provided the same shall consist of a line of six
wires, and shall not cxceed the cost of four hundred and
sixty-one dollars per mile, inclusive of all necessary instru-
ments for establishing telegraphic communications to and
from the city of Washington, and Baltimore, in Maryland;
Wilmington, in Delaware; Philadelphia, in Pennsylvania;
Trenton, in New Jersey; and the city of New Vork, re-
spectively—to be paid out of any moneys in the treasury
not otherwise appropriated; and the same, when construct-
ed, shall be assigaed and made appurtenant to the Post Of-
fice Department, under the superintendence of Samuel F. B.
Morse, and under such regulations, and tariff of charges for
communications made thereby, for private or government
purposes, as the Postmaster General shall institute, and un-
til Congress shall otherwise order. And the sum of eight
thousand dollars is hereby appropriated, out of any money
in the treasury not otherwise appropiiated, to be expended,
together with the unexpended balance of the former appro-
priation, under the direction of the Postmaster General, for
the care, repairs, and superintendence of said telegiaph,
with power to adjust and pay all outstanding demands
thereon.
Mr. McDUFFIE hoped the Senate would not
agree to the amendment. The subject had not been
considered, and yet a large sum of money was thus
proposed to be voled away. What was this tele-
graph to do ? Would it transmit letters and
newspapers? Under what power in the constitution
did senators propose to erect this telegraph? He
was not aware of any authority except under the
clause for the establishment of post roads. Anil be-
sides the telegraph might be made very mischievous,
and secret information after communicated to the
prejudice of merchants.
Mr, BENTON asked how much would bo appro-
priated to carry the telegraph to New York.
Mr. BARROW said that at the rate of $461
per mile, as proposed, the cost would be about
$100,000.
Mr. BENTON said he was one of those who had
rejoiced at the invention of the magnetic telegraph,
and he looked forward to the time when it would be
of great value to the business and commerce of the
country. But was there a call for it by the mer-
chants of the country5 Was there any provision
for making the telegraph pay for itself? lie had no
doubt that the time would come when this telegraph
would be extensively used; but he wanted it to be
called for by the commerce of the country, and pay
its own expenses. He looked to this telegraph as
an important agent for keeping railroad companies
in check, and prevent them fiom charging the gov-
ernment exorbitant priccs for carrying the mails.
He wanted some system—some well digested plan,
and therefore he should vote against the appropria-
tion.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said no petitions had come
from the merchants in favor of the telegraph, be-
cause they thought its value and importance was
too evident to require being brought to the notice of
Congress. He thought no danger would result
from its establishment, owned as it would be by the
government, and controlled by the Postmaster Gen-
eral, who would be [authorized to adopt a tariff of
prices for the transmission of information.
Mr. EVANS said he was not hostile to the ex-
tension of the telegraph; and he thought it next to
useless, unless extended to New York. lie thought,
however, that some preliminary arrangements
would have to be made before such an extension
was authorized. It would be necessary to acquire
the right to the land, and prevent the government
from being overcharged by the owners. The tele-
graph was now on the railways, and no one could
say how long the company might allow it to remain
there.
Mr. BARROW said he was satisfied of the force
of the remarks which had been made in opposition
to the extension of the telegraph at this time; and
therefore he would withdraw the amendment he
had offered.
Mr. EVANS then renewed his motion to reduce
the appropriation for the support of the telegraph
from $8,000 to $3,000.
Mr. MILLER hoped that the sum of $8,000
would be allowed to remain, inasmuch as it cost
$666 per month to operate the telegraph.
Mr. EVANS said he was aware of how much it
cost, as operated last year; but he supposed it would
not be carried on in future as it had been hitherto.
Why should the government wish to work the tel-
egraph for the benefit of private individuals? If the
merchants wished the benefits of the telegraph be-
tween here and Baltimore, let them pay for it. In-
stead of keeping six persons, as now, he would
merely have two or three to keep the telegraph in
order.
Mr. MILLER said that more experiments should
be made with the telegraph, before it was extended;
and all six of the persons now employed would be
required.
The question was then taken on the motion of the
senator from Maine; and it was rejected.
Mr. CRITTENDEN offered an amendment re-
quiring that the advertising of contracts by the de-
partments should be given to the two papers in
Washington having the largest permanent circula-
tion, and to a third paper selected at the discretion
of the President; and that the prices paid them shall
be the same as those paid by private individuals
for advertising. This amendment was adopted.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the appropriation
or books, distributed to the members of the House,
was increased from $69,943, to $87,755.
Mr. WOODBURY moved to insert, at the 363d
line, on the 15th page, the woid, "either marble or
granite, or both," so as to leave it discretionary
with the President to have the new war and navy
buildings built of marble or granite, as should be
thought best.
Mr. McDUFFIE addressed the Senate in opposi-
tion to the expensive style of public buildings adopted
by the United States. He referred to the fact there
was not a marble royal palace in England. St.
James was a ware-house looking building, and
Buckingham palace, the finest there, was built of
brick and plastered. Yet we republicans, forsooth,
must have fine marble edifices for our public offices.
He should like to see plain brick or stone edifices
constructed.
Mr. WOODBURY said that there was very little
difference as to cheapness between marble and
granite.
Mr. McDUFFIE (Mr. W. having withdrawn his
motion) moved to strike out the words "of materi-
als similar to those of the General Post Office."
Mr. MERRICK argued in favor of having the
public buildings constructed of marble.
Mr. McDUFFIE wished to leave the matter to
the discretion of the President. He knew little on
the subject; but he had always supposed that sand
stone, which was soft at first, became afterwards
quite hard, and was well adapted for building pur-
poses, besides being much cheaper than marble.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. EVANS said that the appropriation proposed
was $80,000. Now, all knew that this sum wouid
not by sufficient to complete a building suitable for
either department. Instead of $80,000, these edi-
fices would cost nearer one million each. Congress
was continually called upon to make appropriations
for buildings, giving a small sum at first, and then
more from time to time. He instanced the New
York custom, for which about $40,000 was first ap-
propriated, and which cost in the end about $1,200,-
000. He said Congress should have some fixed
understanding on the subject as to the cost and plan
ef the proposed building, before it authorized their
construction. Therefore, he moved to strike out
the whole clause authorizing an "appropriation, and
insert in lieu thereof, a clause authorizing the Presi-
dent to employ an architect who should submit plans
to the next Congress, which could act understand-
ing^ on the subject.
This amendment was concurred in.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to insert an appropriation
of $10,000 for completing the publication of the
report of the exploring expedition. Agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON moved to strike out $3,666 67
in the 34th line of the 28th page, and insert $7,666 67;
so as to continue the allowance of extra compensa-
sation to the district judges in the southwestern
States.
Upon this motion a long debate arose.
Mr. JOHNSON approved of the amendment, and
advocated its adoption.
Mr. EVANS disapproved of it on principle.
The subject was debated at great length by Messrs.
SEVIER, EVANS, BENTON, CRITTENDEN,
HENDERSON, ARCHER, BARROW, JOHN-
SON, HUGER, and WOODBURY.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected, ayes 18, noes 20.
Mr. WALKER moved to amend the bill at page
