368
COngHDssIonal globe.
f, ' r, rr -vr -.T
ary, and in norie of these did he mention any balk
or failure in the payment of the two instalments, or
suggest any error ill his report of the same. A fur-
ther answer was, that the agent to whom the money
was alleged to have been paid on the 27th of Au-
gust last had not yet given any information of pay-
ment or non-payment to the American government,
a silence which strongly implies that there has been
no default'on the part of Mexico—no fictitious pay-
ment by idle orders on an empty treasury. A
still farther reason was, that if the agent had re-
ceived orders on an empty treasury, it was ille-
gally done, and the United States were liable
for the act of their agent. -,Mr. E. said the treaty
was for gold and silver, and made so on purpose to
avoid the danger of paper orders on an empty treas-
ury. The treaty, or convention, was first agreed
upon for a payment in notes upon the Mexican
treasury, and to pay down the whole indemnities at
once. This article was changed by a subsequent
convention from a paper payment to a hard money
payment; and a prompt payment of the whole ex-
tended into live years1 quarterly instalments in gold
and silver. This was the convention; and after
that to take orders on the treasury was illegal, and
doing what the second convention was made to pre-
vent.
These were answers enough, Mr. B. said, to Mr.
Ben. E. Green's statement; but he, (Mr. B.,) in the
amendment which he had submitted, did not ask the
Senate to decide on the fact of payment, or non-pay-
ment, but to refer that decision to the American gov-
ernment, and to authorize the government to make
payment to the claimants, provided it was found
that their agent had paid the money. He was the
agent of the government, not of the claimants, and
the claimants could only look to the government,
who must look to their agent themselves.
Several senators here asked the name of the agent.
Mr. Benton answered that it was .Messrs. Har-
gous & Co.
Mr. ARCHER said the attention of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations had been directed to this
matter, and he stated his reasons for approving of !
the motion made by the senator from Missouri.
Mr. BENTON observed, that he understood
from the claimants that they considered the agency
appointed for them altogether onerous. They
could have had the money remitted from Vera Cruz
for much less than the expense of agency, and with-
out risk. There could be no objection to the amend-
ment, because it provides that it is only in the event
of satisfactory proof to our government that the
money has been paid to its accredited agent, that the
appropriation will be made use of.
Mr. McDUFFIE considered it a very dangerous
precedent. It would be making the government an
insurer of agencies, and liable for defalcations of
agents transacting business between other parties.
Mr. ARCHER udderstood from a mercantile gen-
tleman of undoubted information, that there was not
a more respectable firm in the country than the
house of Hargous & Co., in New York, a branch of
which is located in Vera Cruz. The presumption
is, that they have not received the money; or if they
have, it may be on the way to the United States treas-
ury.
Mr. McDUFFIE. If this is a house of undoubted
good standing—as he had no doubt it was—it only
made confusion worse confounded. The money
has been paid, it seems. Who has it? Where is it?
Mr. WOODBURY thought it would be precipi-
tate to act without due information. There was
really no evidence of the payment of the money, or
of the defalcation of the agent. There were the
letters of Mr. Shannon, but he may have been de-
ceived by the statements made to him when he
wrote these letters. The matter appeared to him
(Mr. W.) to be open to a plain solution. It is very
probable, and he had no doubt it would so turn out,
that the Mexican government handed to the agent
orders on the Mexican treasury; and having done
so, told Mr. Shannon that the instalments were
pa'id. But it appears by Mr. Green's letter, of the
18th of December last, that the orders on the Mex-
ican treasury were not paid; consequently the in-
stalments yet remain unpaid. Mr. W. here quoted
the letter alluded to:
"Washixciox, December 18, 1844.
Sir: In reply to your note of yesterday, I have to inform
you, thatup to the time I left the city ot Mexico, neitherof
the three instalments, which last fell due, had been paid
From the 30th April last until the arrival of Mr. Shannon, I
made almost daily application for the money, but the large
sum raised by forced loan to pay our claims, had been ap-
plied to other purposes by the Mexican government, and
my inquiries were always answered by a promise to pay on
the morrow, or in a few days.
When Mr. Shannon arrived in Mexico, the Minister of
Foreign Relations addressed him a note, dated the 2d Sep-'
tember, in which it was stated that the money had been
paid to the agent appointed to receive it. The fact is, that
orders upon the treasury were given to the agent, but
when these orders were presented, no money could be ob-
tained on them up to the time when Mr. Trigueros left the
Treasury Department; and the first act of his successor was
to suspend the payment of all orders. x
I have reason to believe that the note of the Mexican
Minister of Foreign Relations, of the second of September,
was written in consequence of an impression that the Mexi-
can government, by failing to pay the instalment which fell
due on the 30th of April, had forfeited its right to pay by
instalments under the convention of 1843, and that Mr.
Shannon was going out with instructions to demand the
whole amount of the indemnity under the .convention of
1839.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
BENJAMIN E GUIEEN
Hon. Gi.0. M. Bibb,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. W. maintained, tlmt in view of this evidence,
it was altogether premature to act in this matter
without further inquiry.
Mr. EVANS thought so too. Suppose even the
agent had received the money, and had transmitted
it in good faith by a vessel from Vera Cruz, and it
was lost by shipwreck: would it be proper to make
the United States liable for it?
Mr. BENTON said he knew nothing: about the
agent, Messrs. Hargous & Co., and said nothing
about their responsibility; but he knew the duty of
an agent appointed to receive a great sum of money;
and that was, to keep his employer promptly and
correctly advised of every impediment in the way
of payment. This had not been done in this case.
The money is alleged, by the United States minis-
ter, to have been paid six months ago; the agent
has not yet given any information of the payment,
or non-payment, to his government, although the
arrivals have been regular and constant from Mexi-
co. This silence—six months' silence—in such a
case is contrary t\i the duty of an agent, and raises
a presumption against him sufficient to warrant the
inquiry and conditional payment, by the United
States, which the amendment proposes.
Mr. B. read the clauses of the convention which
made it the duty of the government of the United
States to appoint the agent, and to receive the
money from him, and read several commissions
from President Tyler to different persons, appoint-
ing them agents under the convention, and showed
that the claimants had nothing to do with such
agent—no hand in appointing him, fixing his com-
pensation, ^or requiring security. The government
appointed whom they pleased, with or without se-
curity, and it would seem always without; and (he
loss, if any, was theirs. Mr. Crreen's letter crimi-
nated the Mexican government: Mr. Shannon's of
Sept. 21 was honorable to them, and it was a ease in
which Mr. Shannon, writing on the spot, spoke posi-
tively, and with the means of knowing the truth of
what he said: Mr. Green wrote in this city, three
thousand nuies from the scene of the transaction, and
guessed at his facts and his reasons for his guesses.
The evidence was in favor of Mexico, and against
the agent. It was enough to justify a verdict
against iJie agent; but he only asked for an inquiry,
and for payment by the United States in the event
that they should find, upon inquiry, that their agent
had received the money. He hoped the amendment
would pass.
The subject was further discussed, and then the
amendment was adopted—yeas 20, nays 15.
On motion of Mr. DAYTON, two appropriations
were inserted in the 14th page of the bill, viz: One
of $2,423 for improvements in the Capitol, and one
of $3,160 for improvements in the hot-air furnaces
of the lower story of the building.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE moved to insert in the bill,
on the 26th page, after the 640th line, an appropria-
tion of $10,000 for the correction of certain erroneous
surveys in the State of Michigan.
Mr. SEVIER asked at what rate per mile?
Mr. WOODBR1DGE answered $6
Mr. SEVIER said $3 per mile was the usual rate
in the Western States.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said the difficulties of the
country to be surveyed were such that less than $6
would not do.
This point was discussed by Messrs. SEVIER,
WOODBRIDGE, and BENTON, and then the
amendment was adopted.
Mr. PHELPS moved to amend the appropriation
for the Patent Office, by inserting $200 for com-
pensation to the Librarian.
It was adopted.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE moved to amend the bill
in the I7th page, after line 410, by striking out
$10,000 and inserting $24,500 [being the compensa-
tion of the clerks in the offices of the surveyors
general, to be appropriated to them according to
the exigencies of the public service, and for tran-
scribing field notes, &c.]
Mr. "EVANS said this matter had been fully ex-
amined and discussed in the other House. He dis-
liked getting into a controversy about such amend-
ments, and hoped this would not be adopted.
Mr. WOODBRIDRE pointed out the necessity
of the case. - -
Mr. SEVIER hoped the amendment would pre-
vail. *■
After a few remarks from Messrs. WOOD-
BBIDGiE, PORTER, and ALLEN, the amend-
ment was adopted.
Mr. WOODBURY inquired if the chairman of
the Committee of Finance intended to go on, or take
a recess?
Mr. EVANS replied that his object wqs ,to have
the bill reported and the amendments disposed of,
that those adopted might be engrossed this evening.
It would not be necessary to take a Fecess.
Mr. ALLEN (it being now half past 5 o'clock,
]>. m.) moved the Senate to take a recess; and called
for the yeas and nays on that question.
Mr. EVANS said it was not in order to act upon
that motion pending the amendment of a bill.
Mr. CHOATE moved to amend the bill in the
29th page, and 710th line, by inserting an appropria-
tion of $958 82 for the office expenses of Mr. Alex-
ander Everett at the court of Spain (Madrid.)
Mr. CRITTENDEN, upon general principles,
objected to these paltry claims on behalf of high
and eminent officers of the government. He wished
o show, by the rejection of some one of them as an
example, that the Senate discountenanced such
things.
Mr. CHOATE maintained that if the claim was
just, the paltriness of the sum was no reason for its
rejection.
After a short discussion, the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to augment the appropria-
tion of $100,000 for the survey of the public lands
to the estimate of the department, $135,000.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was then reported with the amendments
adopted as in committee of the whole; and the ques-
tion being on concurring in the amendments,
On motion of Mr. EVANS, all the amendments
were concurred in, with the exception of those dis-
posed of as follows
Mr. ALLEN now called for a recess.
Mr. EVANS said it was not m order.
The question then came up on the first of the ex-
cepted amendments, namely, the appropriation of
$275,000 for the payment of the Mexican indemni-
ties, should it appear that a duly authorized agent
of tiu  government had received them.
On this amendment the yeas and nays were called
for, and ordered.
The subject was further debated by Messrs.
BENTON, McDUFFIE, CRITTENDEN, and
ARCHER.
The question was taken, and resulted—yeas 20,
nays 24, as fellows:
YliAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Ashley, Atchison, Bag-
by, Barrow, Benton, Breese, Choate, Dickinson, Dix,
France, Hamieg«m, Haywood, Jarnagm, Pearce, Sevier,
Walker, White, and Woodbridge-—20
NAYS—-Messrs. Atherton, Bates, -Bayard, Berrien, Bu-
chanan, Clayton, Colquitt, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Fair-
field, Foster, Huger, Huntington, Lewis, McDuffle, Man-
?um, Miller, Morehead, Niles, Phelps, Semple, Upham,
and VVoudbuiy— 24.
So the Senate refused to concur in the amend-
ment.
The next amendments were those for diplomatic
services in Lisbon and Madrid, and they were con-
curred in.
On the question of concurring in the amendment
to the appropriation for a minister to China,
Mr. WALKER hoped the original appropriation
would be allowed to stand No man could calculate
the probable importance of our commerce with Chi-
na. The Chinese are a people much influenced by
rank; and, therefore, it was desirable the minister
we should send to that country should be of the
highest grade.
Mr. EVANS did not agree with the senator as to
the reasons he assigned for having a minister of the
highest grade in China. We have the authority of
Mr. Cushing in corroboration of all we have ever
