CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
SATURDAY, MARCH 1, 1845.
Volume 14....No. 24.
[Continued from JVb. 23.]
heard of China, that no foreign minister will be per-
mitted to visit the court of China. We can have no
use for a minister of higher grade than that of a com-
mercial commissioner; and for that $8,000 will be
ample allowance.
The subject was debated by Messrs. WALKER,
EVANS, ARCHER, WOODBURY, HUNTING-
TON, and CHOATE; and it being the obvious
sense of the Senate that, until the Emperor of Chi-
na permits foreign ministers to reside in 'Pekin, it
will be unnecessary to have more than a commer-
cial commissioner in China, the amendment was
concurred in.
The next amendment to strike out the appropria-
tion of #5,000 for additional counsel in defence of
the United States, in suits for land claims in Mis-
souri, Louisiana, Arkansas, Alabama, and Missis-
sippi, was concurred in.
On motion by Mr. BARROW, the amendment
offered in committee of the whole, and rejected,
adding $4,000 to the appropriation of $3,666 67 for
additional compensation to the district judges of
Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and
Alabami, and to strike out tlie proviso, was adopt-
ed.
Mr. LEWIS moved to reconsider the vote non-
concurring in the amendment of the senator from
Missouri [Mr. Bknton] relative to the Mexican in-
demnities.
Mr. EVANS hoped the Senate would not recon-
sider that vote.
The question on reconsidering the vote was put,
and there were 24 ayes for it—noes not counted.
The vote was reconsidered.
The question recurring on the concurrence of the
Senate in the amendment adopted in committee of
the whole,
Mr. BENTON made a short explanation that,
tliere was no rislt in letting the government ascer-
tain the facts. It would lie only in the event of lia-
bility that the appropriation would be applied.
Air. MOREHEAD was one of those who
thought the claimants ought to get their money; but
lie was not willing to make this government, an in-
surer of the agency in transmitting it from Mexico
to them. He wished to see the evidence of the al-
leged facts in the case.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the amendment, and decided in the affirmative—
yeas 23, nays 18, as follows:
YEAS- -Messrs. Allen, \rcher, Ashley, Atchison, Bag-
bv, Barrow, (H-iiton, ('Jhoate, Dickinson, Dix, Francis,
Ilannegan, Hujwood, Jamagm, Johnson. Mangum, Mer-
rick, Porter, Scviei, Simmons, Wulkej, White, and Wood-
bridge—
NAYS—Messrs. Bates, Berrien, Buchanan, Clayton, <-rit-
teudun, Dayton, Evans, Foster, ilugrr, Huntington, Lewis,
McDutfio, Miller, Morchcad, Phelps, Semplo, Upham, und
Woodbuiy -18,
The amendments to the bill were then ordered to
be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
On motion by Mr. EVANS,
Tiie Senate (at 7 o'clock) adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 28, 1845.
The journal of yesterday having been partially
read, its reading was suspended to receive
A MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
AiBURY Dickins, esq., Secretary of the Senate, ap-
pealed below the bar with the joint resolutions for
the admission of Texas into this Union, which, he
said, he was instructed to report to the House of
Representatives, with an amendment, and to ask
the concurrence of the House therein.
He also reported various other bills of less im-
portance, and then retired.
Mr. STEENROD moved that the further read-
ing of the journal he dispensed with.
Objections were heard m various quarters.
The SPEAKER rose to put the question on the
suspension of the reading.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the yeas and Hays
shereon.
Mr. STEENROD said, if the motion was to be
resisted, it would be the shorter course to have the
journal read; and therefore he withdrew his motion.
The Clerk then read the journal,;and it was ap-
proved.
Mr. ADAMS obtained permission to present to
the House certain resolutions of the legislature of
Massachusetts.
Several gentlemen desired to present papers and
reports; but the orders of the day were called for.
harbors and rivers.
The SPEAKER said the first business in order
was the bill making appropriations for improve-
ments in certain harbors and rivers; on which the
pending question was on agreeing to all the amend-
ment which was before the House at the adjourn-
ment yesterday, except so much thereof as related
to the Louisville and Portland canal.
Mr. TIBBATTS appealed from the decision of
the Chair that the amendment was divisible.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that he
took an appeal yesterday, and that the House sus-
tained the desision of the Chair; he could not, there-
fore, now again appeal.
The yeas and nays wore then taken on the first
branch of the amendment, and resulted thus—yeas
100, nays 95.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurring on agreeing to the second
branch of the amendment, which appropriates $250,-
000 for the purchase of the residue of the stock held
by individuals in the Louisville and Portland Canal
company, and in the Louisville Dry-dock company,
for the purpose of making the same free of toll;
which the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby di-
rected to purchase at the lowest price at which it
can be had: provided, that the whole cost of the Dry-
dock company stock do not exceed $50,000, and of
the said Canal company &130 per share.
The yeas and nays having been ordered, were
taken, and resulted—yeas 66, nays 10!), as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Barnard, Bowlin, Boyd,
Bulftngton, Caldwell, Carroll, C&usin, Chilton, Clinch,
Clingman, Cranston, Darragh, Garrett Davis, Dickey,
Douglass, Duncan, Fish, Florence, Foot, French, Willis
Uieun, Grider, Ilardio, Harper, Hays, Hudson, Washington
Hunt, Irvin, Jt'uku, Perley B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy,
Daniel P. King,McCauslen, McDowell, Mcllvaine, Edward
J Morris, Moseley, Patowon, Pettit, Phoenix, Elisha It. Pot-
ter, Ramsey, Rftym?r, Charlc3 M. Reed, Urlfe, Ilodney,
Rogers, Schenck, Severance, Thomas Smith, Steenrod,
James W. Stone, Alfred P. Stone, Thompson, Tibbatts, Til-
dun. Tyler, Vance Vanmeter, Withered, John White, Win-
throp, and Williom Wright—
NAY'S—Messrs. Anderson, Arrington, Atkinson, Baker,
Barringer, Bayly, Belscr, Benton, Bidlack, Edward J.
Black, Jamas alack, James A. Black, Blackwull, Brengle,
Brinkerhoff, Brodhead, Aaron V. Brown, Burke, Burt,
Campbell, Carpenter, Jeremiah K. Gary, Shepherd Cary,
Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Ohappell, Cobb,
Cole*. Collamer, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, John W. Davis,
Dawnon, Dean, Deberry, Dellet, Dillingham, Dromgoole,
Dunlnp, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Ficklm, Foster. Byram Green,
Hale, Hnmmctt, Haralson, Henley, Herrick, Hogc, Hop-
kins, Houston, Hubbell, Hughes, Hungerford, James B.
Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Cave Johnson, Andrew John-
son, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Preston King,
Kirknatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin, Maelay,
MeCiernand, McConnell, McKay, Marsh, Norris, Owen,
Parmenter, Payne, Emerv D. Potter, Pratt, Purdv, David S.
Heid, R« ding, Rhett, flitter, Robert*, Robinson, Rock-
well, Russell, St. John, Saunders, Thomas H Seymour,
Simons, Slideli, John T. Smith, Robert Smith, Stetson, John
Stvwart, Stilos, Tavlor, Thompson, Tucker. Vinton, Whea-
ton, Benjamin While, Williams, Woodward, Yancey, and
Yost—109.
So the second branch of the amendment was re-
jected,
The question was then put on the amendment
to the amendment, being Mr. Tibbatts's substitute
for the hill, with the exception of the appropriation
for the Louisville and Portland Canal; and the yeas
and nays having been called for and ordered, the
vote was taken, and decided in the affirmative—yeas
102, nays 92, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Baker, Barringer, Bar*
nard, Bowiln, Brinkerhoft', William J. Brown. Jeremiah
Brown, Buffington, Jeremiah E. Cary, Carroll, Chilton,
Clinch, Clingman, Cranston, Dana. Darragh, John W. Davis,
Deberry, Dickey, Douglass, Duncan, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee,
Ficklin, Fish, Floronce,'Foot, Foster, Giddins*s, Unnnell,
Edward S. Hamlm. Hardin, Harper, Hays, Heuley, Hen-
ley, Hudson, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charle* J.
Ingersoll. Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew Kenne-
dy. John P. Kennedy, lMmVI P. King. Lyon, McCauslen,
Met lelland, McDowell. Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J Mor-
ris, Jos .Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Moseley, Owen, Pater-
son, Pettit, Phoenix, Pollock, Klisha R. Potter, Pratt, Preston,
Ramsay, Kayner, Charles M Heed. Relfe, Rockwell, Rod-
nay,''Rogers, St. John, Sample, Schenok, Severance, David
L. Seymour, Simons, Albert Smith, John T. Smith. Thomas
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith. Andrew Stewart, Al-
fred P. Stone, Sykes, Thomasson, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tyler,
Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Weller, Wentworth, Wethered,
John White, Winthrop, William Wright, and Joseph A.
Wright—102.
i NAVS.—Messrs, Anderson, Arrington, Ashe, Atkinson,
Bayly, Belser, Benton, Bidlack, James BlaCk, Blackwell,
Boyd, -Brengle, Aaron V. Brown, Burke, *Burt, Caldwell,
Campbell, Carpenter, Shepard Cary, Catlin, Reuben Chap-
man,, A. A. Chapman, Chappell, Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Col-
lamer, Cullom, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Richard D.- Davis,
Dawson, i)ean, Dellet, Dillingham, Dromgoole, /Dunlap,
French, j&rider, Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, Hammett, Haral-
son, Herrick, cHoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell,
Hungerford, C. Jonnson, A. Johnson, G. W. Jones, Preston
King, Klrkpatrick, Labyanche, Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin,
Maclay, MeCiernand, McConnell, McKay, Isaac E. Morse,
Murphy, Newton, Norris, Parmenter, Payne, Peyton, Purdy,
Eathbun, David S. Reid, Reding, Rhett, Bitter, Saunders,
Thomas H. Seymour, Simpson, Slidell, Stetson, John Stew-
art, Stiles, Taylor, Thompson, Tucker, Wheaton, Benjamin
White, Williams, Woodward, Yancey, and Yost—92.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
The bill being read a third time,
Mr. TIBBATTS called for the previous question;
under the operation of which it passed by a vote of
yeas 105, nays 96, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Baker, Barnard, Bowlin,
Brinkerhotf, William J. Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buffing-
ton, Jeremiah F. Cary, Carroll, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman,
Darragh, O. Davis, It. D. Davis, J. W. Davis, Dickey, Doug-
lass, Duncan, Ellis, Elmer, Karlee, Fish, Florence. Foot,
Foster, French, Giddjngs, Byram Green, Griunell, Gridcr,
Kdward S. Hamlin, Hardin, Harper, Hays, Hudson, Hughes,
Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Ir-
vin, Jameson, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew Kennedy,
John P. Kennedy, Daniel P.King, Lyon, McCauslen, Mc-
Clelland, McDowell, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward Joy Mor-
ris, Joseph Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Moseley, Owen, Pat-
erson, Petit, Phcenix, Pollock, Elisha R. Potter, Emery D.
Potter, Pratt, Preston, Ramsey, Rayner, Charles M. Reed,
Relfe, Robinson, Rockwell, Rodney, Rogeis, St. John,
Sample, Schenck, Severance, David L. Seymour, Simons,
Albert Smith, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Andrew Stewart, A. P. Stone,
Sykes, Thomasson, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Van-
meter, Vinton, WelUr, Wentworth, Wethered, John
White, Winthrop, William Wright, and Joseph A. Wright
—106.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Arrington, Ashe, Atkinson,
Barringer, Bayly, Belser, Benton, Bidlack, Edw. J. Black,
James Black, James A, Black, Blackwell, Boyd, Brengle,
Brodhead, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, Burke, Burt,
Caldwell, Campbell, Carpenter, Shepard Cary, Cathn, Reu-
ben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell/ Clinton*
Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cullom, Daniel, Dawson, Dean, Deber-
ry, Dellet, Dillingham, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Fickh , Gog-
gin, Willis Green, Hale, Hannibal Hamlin, Hammett, Har«
alson, Herrick, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell/
Hunguxlord, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George WV
Jones, Preston King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Lucas, Lump-
kin, Maelay, MeCiernand, McConnell, McKay, Isaac E.
Morse, Murphy, Newton, Norris, Parmenter, Payne, Peyton,
Purdy, Ratnbun, David S. Reid, Reding, Rnett, Hitter,
Saunders, Thomas H. Seymour, Simpson, Slidell, Spence,
J Stewart, Stiles, J. W. Stone, Taylor, Thompson, Tucker,
Wheaton, Benjamin White, Williams, Woodward, Yancey,
and Yost—9ti.
On the motion of Mr. TIBBATTS, the title waa
amended to make it conform to the amendment
which had been made therein.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the House proceed
to dispose of the business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER said that could only be done by
a suspension of the rules, which would operate to
the postponement of the morning hour.
Mr. McKAY moved a suspension of the rules,
that the House might resolve itself ipto Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, for the pur-
pose of taking up the undisposed of appropriation
bills; and on this he called for the yeas and nays.
A message was received from the Senate, com-
municating certain bills and resolutions which have
passed that body.
Some conversation ensued between several mem-
bers. but great confusion prevailed, and its purport
could not be ascertained. The Speaker, by great ex-
ertions, caused comparative quiet to prevail; and
Mr. BARNARD then inquired what the regular
order of business would be if the House should re-
fuse to suspend the rules to go into committee.
The SPEAKER replied that reports from com-
mittees during the morning hour vPbiild be the first
business.
Mr, BARNARD called for the yea? and nays on
suspending the rules, remarking that there were
several reports that it was desirable should be made.
After some further conversation,
