congressional globe.
table, and therefore the motion of the gentleman
from New York was not in order.
Mr. BARNARD appealed from the decision of
the Chair; and on the appeal he called for the yeas
and nays, which were ordered.
Mr. BARNARD desired the rule to be- read.
[Cries of "I object," "Question," "It is not debata-
ble," "Go on with the orders," &c.]
The SPEAKER (Mr. Hopkins acting pro tem.)
remarked that, if the House would leave the matter
to the gentleman from New York and himself, there
would be no difficulty. [Laughter.]
Mr. BARNARD desired distinctly to understand
the grounds of the Speaker's decision.
The SPEAKER restated them. ~
The vote was then taken on the appearand 117
voted in the affirmative, and 51 in the negative.
So the decision of the Chair stood as the judg-
ment of the House.
The next communication was from the Secretary
of the Treasury; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
The amendment of the Senate to the bill for the
relief of Samuel Ncclcy, came up, and was concur-
red in.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
The joint resolution "for annexing Texas to the
United States," which originated in the House and
was this morning returned from the Senate with an
amendment, came up next in order, the question be-
ing on concurrence in the amendment.
[The original resolution, as it passed the House,
and the amendment adopted in the Senate, on mo-
tion of Mr. Walker, will be found in the Senate
proceedings.]
The amendment of the Senate having been read,
Mr. C. J. 1NGERSOLL moved that it be com-
mitted to a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, anil asked tho previous question on this
motion.
Mr. WINT1IROP rose to a point of order. Ho
wished to inquire first whether the previous ques-
tion, if sustained, did not cut off the motion to
commit?
The SPEAKER replied that it did not, inasmuch
as, by the rules of the House, the amendment, in-
volving an appropriation, wns required to bo com-
mitted.
Mr. WINTIIROP. Another rule of the House
is, that this, and all other amendments, be com-
mitted to the committee from whom the bill ema-
nated.
The SPEAKER. The rule requires that this
amendment shall be committed to the Committee of
the Whole, as it contains an appropriation. The
main question will bo on the commitment.
Mr. WINTIIROP. How can a vote of,the
I louse compel another thing than the rule of tho
House requires?
Mr. C. J. 1NOERSOLL and Mr. JAMESON
called the gentleman from Massachusetts to order.
Mr. WINTHROP. 1 move to refer the amend-
ment ami the bill to tho Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs; and if the Chair decides this motion not to
be m order, I take an appeal from the decision.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on the
appeal.
Mr. WINTHROP. My point of order is this:
the rules of the House require that every bill con-
taining an appropriation shall be first discussed in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Theicforc, no motion is required, and no vote of
the House is required, to refer it to this committee.
That being the case, the motion to commit to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs is in order, ^with-
standing the motion to refer to the Committee of
the Whole un the state of the Union. The Speaker
deciding the motion to refer to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs out of order, he took an appeal j
from the decision.
The question,-"Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?" wui taken,
and decided in the affirmative—yeas 129, nays 34.
So the decision of tho Chair being sustained, the
motion of Mr. Winthrop was ruled out of order.
Mr. SCHENCK then raised the point oforder
"that the previous question cuts off the motion to
commit, that the bill containing an appropriation
must be committed to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and therefore the pievi-
ous question cannot be sustained, which makes the
question debatable. If the Chair decided he had
no right to debate it, he would take an appeal.
The CHAIR overruled the point of order, and
decided that the question was not debatable.
Mr. SCHENCK appealed from the decision of the
chair, and called for the yeas and nays; which being
ordered, the question was taken on the appeal, and
resulted in sustaining the decision of the Chair—
yeas 120, nays 22, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arrington, Ache, Atkinson,
Barringer, Bayly, JJetser, Benton, Bidlack, James Black,
James A. Black, Blaekwell, Bowlin, Boyd, Ih'odhcaci, Aaron .
V. Brown, W. J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell,
Carpenter, Jeremiah E. Cary, She'pard Cary, Catlin, Causin,
Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Clinch,
Clinton, Cobb, Coles,Cross, Cullom, J. W. Davis, Dawson,
Dean, Deberry, Dellet, Dillingham, Douglass, .Dromgoole,
Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Kickliu, French,
Fuller, Goggin, Hale, Hammett, Haralson, Hays, Ilerrick,
Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Huhard, Habbell,
Hughes, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll,
Jameson, Cave Johnson, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew John-
son, George W. Jones,- Andrew Kennedy, Labranclie,
Lumpkin, Lyon, MoCauslen, Maclay, McClelland, Mc-
C.lernaml, MeConnell, McKay, Joseph Morris, Freeman
II Morse, Isaac B. Morse, Murphy, Norris, Parmenter,
Payne, Purdy, David 8. Reid, Reding, Itelfc, Ritter, Roberts,
Russeil, Saunders, Senter, Thomas H. Seymour, Simons,
John T. Smith, Speace, Steenrod, Stephens, John Stewart,
Stiies, James W. Stone, Alfred P. Stone, Strong, Svkes,
Taylor, Thomasson, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Went-
worth, John "White, Williams, Woodward, Joseph A.
Wright, Yancey,-and Yost—WO.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Jeremiah Brown, Carroll, Dick-
ey, Foot, Giddings, Grinnell, Harper, Hudson, Washington
Hunt, Irvin, Daniel P. King, Mcilvaine, Edward J. Morris,
Moseley, llayner, Charles M Reed, Rogers, Schenck,
Tilden, Wethered, and Winthrop—22.
Mr. W. HUNT moved to lay the amendment
of the Senate on the table; and the yeas and nays
being ordered, the question was taken and decided
in the negative—yeas 59, nays 120, as follows:
YKAS—Memrs. Abbot, Adams, Baker, Barringer, Bar-
novel, Brengle, Jeremiah Brown, Carroll, Causin, Chilton,
Clingman, Collamer, Cranston, Garrett Davis, Richard D.
Davis, i)ickoy  Kish, Florence, Foot, Giddingp, "Willis
Green, Grinnell, Under, fcdward 8. Hamlin, Hardin, Harper,
Hudson, W. Hunt, Junks, Perley B. Johnson, John P. Ken-
nedy, Daniel P. King, Mcllvawe, Marsh, Kdward J. Mortis,
Kieeman H. Morse, Mosely, Paterson, Kli*ha R. Potter,
Raynor, Charles M. Reed, Rockwell, Rodwy, Rogers,
Schonck, Severance, Caleb 13. Smith, Spence, Andrew
htowart, Summers, Thomasson, Tyler, Vance, VanmeUr,
Vinton, Wethored, John White. Winthtop, and William
Wright-M).
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Arrington, Bayly, Belser,
Denton, Bidlack, Jame# Black, James A. Black, Blaekwell,
Hoyrl, jftrodhead, Aaro  V. Brown, Milton Brown, Wil-
liom J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell. Campbell, Carpen-
ter, Jeronimh K. Cary, Shejmrd Cary, Catlin, Reuben Chap-
man, AuguKtuK A. Chapman, Chappell, Clinton, Cobb,
CroRK, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, John W. Davis, "Dawson,
Dean, Dellet, Dillingham, Douglass, Dromgoole, Dun-
lap, KUis, Klmer, Km h-c, Ficklin, French, I«ullt#, Ham-
melt, Haralson, Henley, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston,
Ilungetfoid, Juntos B Hunt, Clmrles J. Ingersoll, Jameson,
( ave John.son, Andrew Johnson, Goorge W. Jones, An-
drew Kennedy, Ktrkputrick, Labrnnche, Lumpkin. Lyon,
i\lc(' tui lwn, Maclay, McClelland. McClernand. MeConnell,
McDowell, McKay, Joseph Morris, Murphy, Newton,
Noma, Owen, Parm«*nter, Payne, Peyton, Kmerv 1). Potter,
Purdy, Rathlmn, David S. Reid, Ileding, Rolfe, IUtt<*r,
Kobet'U, Robinson, Russell, Sample, Saunders, Senter,
Thomas H. Seymour, David L, Seymour, Simons. Simpson,
Slidell, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
Stcemod, Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles, James W. Stone,
Alfred P. Stono, Strong, Sykes, Taylor, Thompson, Tib-
halts. Tucker, Weller,'Wentworth, Benjamin White, Wil-
liams, Woodward, Joseph A. Wright, Yancey, and Yost-
Mr. E. J. MORRIS said there were many gen-
tlemen absent who desired to vote on this subject;
and therefore he asked for a call of the House,
and on that he callcd for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and being taken, it was dccided in
the negative.
So the call was refused.
Mr. RAMSEY inquired if it would be in order
to move that the House take a recess for one hour.
He made such motion.
Mr. SAUNDERS inquired if the gentleman made
the motion in good faith, and if he would go on to
vote afterwards if the recess should be agreed to.
Mr. ItAMSEY made some reply, which was in-
audible at the reporter's desk.
The SPEAKER decided the motion for a recess
to be out of order.
Mr. CARROLL moved to lay the motion to
commit on the table; and on that he called lor the
yeas and nays.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said that question had been
decided already.
The SPEAKER decided it to be out of order.
Mr. CARROLL took an appeal from that decis-
ion of the Chair; and on, that question he called for
the yeas and nays-
Mr. MeCONiNELL moved to lay the appeal on
the table; and on that he called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CARROLL said he did not wish to consume
the time of the House, and therefore he withdrew
his appeal.
The SPEAKER again stated the question to be
on seconding the demand for the previous question,
which was seconded; the main question was also
ordered to be now put.
The question then recurred on the motion to com-
mit to the' Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. BARNARD raised gome question, which
was not heard in the confusion.
The SPEAKER decided it to be out of order.
Mr. B ARNARD appealed.
The SPEAKER refused to entertain the appeal;
the same point having been before decided-
Mr. BARNARD appealed from th«t decision.
The SPEAKER refused to entertain that appeal.
Mr. RAYNER rose, amidst loud cries of "ijues"
tion." He said he knew his rights, and gentlemen
need not cry "question" to him. In an important
caselike this, he said he should have preferred to
see ike Speaker himself in the chair—not that he
had any disrespect for the gentleman in the chair,
(Mr.WBLLBR.was occupying the chair temporarily,
for Mr. Jones, the Speaker.) He then said he rose
to make an inquiry from the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will come to
order.
Mr. RAYNER. It is to a point of order that I
rise. ' s
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
ooint of order.
Mr. RAYNER. My point of order is this: The
opinion of the Chair is subject to the decision of the
House; and it is the right of any member to appeal
from that opinion to the House, and throw himself
on the justice of the House. That is the course
my friend from New York takes; he takes an appeal
from the decision of the Chair, and insists upon it.
The SPEAKER, making no reply to either of
the gentlemen, stated that the question would be on
referring this bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House ad-
journ. I do not think it is in a good condition for
doing business.
Mr. WETHERED asked for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and being taken, were yeas
42, nays 127.
Sotne House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER (Mr. Hopkins occupying the
chair) stated that the question recurred on the refer-
ence of the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. RAYNER. I rise for the purpose of ex-
plaining and retracting a remark made a few mo-
merits since. I referred to the absence of the
Speaker of the House, which I have since under-
stood is occasioned by indisposition. 1 regret that I
made the allusion, and retract it.
The SPEAKER again propounding the question
on the reference,
Mr. BARNARD rose and inquired if a motion
would be in order to suspend the rules to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. BARNARD. I appeal from that decision of
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair unders&tnds that
this appeal has before been taken. It is not again
in order.
Mr. BARNARD suggested that the former ap-
peal was at another time and under other circum-
stances.
The SPEAKER. It ia the same q^festion and on
the same subject. The question is on referring the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The question was taken and decided in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. BARNARD called for the yeas and nays on
this question.
The CHAIR said it was too late, the question was
already decided.
Mr. BARNARD said he rose and called for the
yeas and nays before the decision of the Chair was
announced.
The CHAIR said he did not hear the gentleman
call for the yeas and nays. The question was dis-
tinctly put, and allowing a sufficient time for the re-
. sponge, the decision was announced.
, ( Mr. SLIDELL moved that the House resolve
!! itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state of
i( the Union.
The SPEAKER said the first business in order
was the remainder of the bills on the Speaker's table
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to reconsiaer the vote by
