376
CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Mforain .Eogland., They had passed a bill based
a!?d now it was proposed to strke
°f uniform postage which
charactenzed Mr. Hill1* system.
;^fr  BACf JJY ho|)ed thia bill would not pass. Its
House would be no source of re-
j, Ane great reduction of postage effected—
■ *^u?tlon PoataSe—would evidently
throw the expenses of the Post Office Department
<UROn tKe general treasury. For this reason, he was
opposed to the bill.
The.vote was then taken by yeas and nays on
concurring in the amendment of the House, con-
finjng the 5 cents rate of postage to distances within
300 miles, and' extending ihe rate to 10 cents for
gre,ater distances; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 35, nays'7, as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley, Atherton, Bagby, Barrow, Bay-
aTd, Boston, Buchanan, choatc, Clayton, Colquitt, Dayton,
Dickinson, Dix, Evans, Fairfield, Francis, Hannegan, Hen-
derson, Huger, Huntington. Johnson, Lewis, Mc.Duffie,
Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Niles, Phelps, Sevier, Simmons,
Tappan, Upham, White, and Woodbury—30.
NAYS—'Messrs. Atchison, Breese, Haywood, Jornagin,
S«mple, Sturgeon, and Woodbridge—7.
The question then came up on the amendment of
the House, putting off the change of postage to the
first of July next.
Mr. BENTON, in looking into the bill, had dis-
covered that there was an omission in it which pre-
vented members of Congress from receiving as well
as sending letters or packages, during the recess,
with the exception of thirty days before and thirty
days after the sessions, of Congress. As the bill
passed the Senate, the words "and receiving" were
accidentally, he believed, in engrossing the Senate's
amendments, omitted after the word "sending;" and
it had come from the House in that form. He
moved to amend it by inserting the words "and re-
ceiving."
Mr. MERRICK said that this matter could not
be corrected now. He would suggest to the honora-
ble senator from Missouri, even if it was an omis-
sion, it would be better to let it pass, because it
would have to be acted upon in the House of Rep-
resentatives; and there the result would be, as he had
already said.—the destruction of the whole bill.
[Some conversational discussion arose here upon a
point of order, whether it was competent for the
Senate to amend the amendment of the House, by
an amendment required in the original bill."]
Mr. MERRICK was very sure this matter had
received the consideration of the House. The mem-
bers there were desirous of reducing the (ranking
privilege as much as possible; and they were glad
to fipd that this privilege was confined to the right
of sending, and not receiving. It was a small mat-
ter, however, and he hoped the honorable senator
from Missouri would not press his amendment.
Mr. BENTON said it was a large matter to some
persons. It was large to him. It" would- be very
burdensome not to have the privilege of receiving
letters, when senators had the privilege of franking
their own letters, every one of which was sure to be
answered, and doubly answered.
Mr. SEVIER said there could be no difficulty
about the amendment required. The Senate could
concur in the amendments of the House on condition
that the omission be supplied, or on condition that
the franking privilege of members of Congress be
extended to letters received, as well as sent during
the recess.
Mr. DICKINSON had voted against the frank-
ing privilege in every shape and form when the bill
was under discussion in the Senate; and as it was
retained, he was desirous of seeing it done fairly,
and so that it would operate equally as to sending
and receiving letters. He concun ed with the sena-
tor from Missouri. Those who send letters do not
understand the minutiee of these post office regula-
tions; and it would be very burdensome for mem-
bers of Congress to be overwhelmed with communi-
cations on their official duties, for which they
would have to pay out of their own pockets. He
should therefore vote for this amendment, although
he had voted against the franking privilege.
Mr. MERRIRK felt a good deal of solicitude as
to the fate that this amendment might meet with in
the Senate; because, as he befoie stated, he was
very sure, fern information which he had received
from the House of Representatives, that if this bill
went back, such was the pertinacity of the opposi-
tion of the minority there, that it would not get
through—the whole bill would be lost. He was
assured of that by members of that House, who
had cheap and uniform postage at much at heart as
any senator had. *
Now, he wished to put this question to the friends
of post-office reform in this House. Wouid they,
for the sake of securing to themselves the trifling
privilege of receiving their letters free of postage
during the interval between thirty days before, and
thirty days after the session of Congress, peril the
great measure of reform which the whole country
called for? He hoped the Senate would not consent
to put in this amendment (although at the . proper
time there could be no objection,to it) for so small
a purpose, personal to themselves.
Mr. WOODBURY could satisfy the chairman of
the committee if he could get his ear. Suppose the
House disagree in this amendment: there was no
difficulty about it even then. A committee of con-
ference would be appointed, and if that committee
could not agree, we could recede from our dissent.
Mr. SEVIER had been informed that the frank-
ing privilege to the Vice President of the United
States had been omitted—by mistake, he presumed;
and by the consent of the consent of the senator
from Missouri he would insert it as an addition
to tbe amendment pending.
Mr. BENTON had no objection.
Mr. BAYARD rose to a point of order: whether
the provisions of the bill could be amended by a
proposition to amend an amendment of the House
with an addition not germain to that amendment. It
was proposed to tack an amendment of the bill
itself to an amendment of the House. Nothing
was more clear than that, at this stage of proceed-
ings, the amendment might be amended, but not the
^original bill. He quoted the parliamentary rule:
"But the House cannot recede from or insist on its own
amendment itli an amendment, for the same reason that it
cannot send to the other House an amendmentto its own act
afterit has passed the act. They may modify an amendment
from the other House by engrafting an amendment on it, be-
cause they have never assented to it; but they cannot amend
their own amendment, because they have, on that ques-
tion, passed it in that form."
After some discussion upon this question of order,
Mr. MERRICK called for the yeas and nays
upon the question of the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. SIMMONS merely wished to make one fur-
ther remark; and that was, that if this bill was to be
sent back, it should be for something of greater im-
portance than this privilege of receiving letters. If
it was to go for any purpose he would move to re-
consider the vote just taken of concurring in the
amendment of the House relative to the 10-cents rate
of postage. If the bill was to be risked at all, he
meant to risk it for something more than his privi-
lege of receiving letters; but he hoped it would not
be risked, and that the senator from Missouri would
agree with him.
Mr. HAYWOOD did not rise for the purpose of
discussing this question, but merely to throw out a
suggestion. He was no friend of the bill in the
shape in which it was now, but should be unwilling
to embarrass it. His suggestion was, that the Sen-
ate might reconsider its former vote, and ask for a
committee of conference.
The question was then taken on the amendment
submitted by the senator from Missouri, [Mr. Ben-
ton,] as modified by Mr. Sevier, and decided in the
affirmative, by yeas 25, nays 18, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Atchison, Bagby, Barrow,
Benton, Berrien, Colquitt, Dickinson, Dix, Evans, Hanne-
tan, Haywood, Huger, Johnson, Lewis, Mangum, More-
ead, Phelps, Semple, Sevier, Sturgeon, "Walker, Wood-
bridge, and Woodbury—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Atherton, Bayard, Choate, Clay-
ton, Fairfield, Francis, Henderson, Huntington, Jarnagin,
Merrick, Miller, Niles, Porter, Simmons, Tappan, Upham,
and White—18.
The question then was upon concurring in the
amendment as amended.
Mr. EVANS wished to take up the civil and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill. He moved to postpone
the previous orders.
Mr. MERRICK observed that there was a mo-
tion yet to be decided upon the pending bill.
Mr. SIMMONS, who was entitled to the floor,
said he had given notice that, if any amendment I
was made to the amendments from the House, he
would move to reconsider the vote by which the ,
Senate concurred in the amendments in regard to
the rates of postage. j
Mr. MERRICK said, if the hill went back, it ;
would be lost. He desired to say that he was op- ■
posed to all amendments, because he thought tha
only way to save it and secure its passage was by
passing it as it came from the House; but? as it had
been amended, contrary to his wish, he now desired
that we should refuse to concur in the amendment^
from the House, and go for the bill as it was origi-
nally. passed by the Senate. He called for tKe. yeas
and nays; which were ordered. r
Mr. SEVIER hoped this course would not be
pursued. The whole opposition in the House was
about the rates of postage; arid there was no diffi-
culty about its "passage as it how stood.
Mr. WOODBRIDGfE had supposed it to be,the
duty of the Senate to depend upon its own judg-
ment, while it evinced due respect for the opinions
of the other House. With regard to this proposi-
tion, it had been maturely considered here, gravely
deliberated upon,-and passed by a very large majori-
ty of this body. Now, should the Senate retain the
form of the bill which it had deliberately agreed to
on a previous occasion, or yield it, because the
House had not agreed to it? unless the Senate had
really changed its position, let itadhere to its former
decision. This decision of purpose was necessary-
in order to give effect to any bill. •
The yeas and nays were then taken on the mo-
tion of Mr. Simmons to reconsider, and resulted,
yeas 20, nays 26, as follows:
V hAS—Messrs. Ashley, Atchison, Barrow, Breese,
Choate, Colquitt, Francis, Haywood, Huntington, Merrick,
Miller, Morehead, Niles, Porter, Semple, Simmons, Stur-
geon, Tappan, White, and Woodbridge—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Atherson, Bagby, Bayard,
Benton, Berrien, Clayton, Dayton. Dickinson, Dix, Evans,
Fairfield, Foster, Hannegan, Henderson, Huger, Johnson,
Lewis, McDuftie, Mangum, Phelps, Sevier, Upham, Walker,
and Woodbury—26.
So the Senate refused to reconsider the vote.
THE GENERAL ORDERS.
Mr. ALLEN moved to postpone the previous
orders, and to take up the House bill 497, for the
admission of the States of Florida and Iowa into the
Union.
Mr. EVANS hoped the senator from Ohio would
suspend his motion for the purpose of enabling him
(Mr. E.) to call up two or three bills on the table
requiring immediate disposition.
Mr. ALLEN assented.
Mr.BERRlEN, from the Committee on t he Judici-
ary, made several reports; among them was one in
relation to the President's message touching infrac-
tions of the United States laws by American citizens
engaged in the slave trade, as intimated in the com-
munication of Mr. Wise from Brazil. The com-
mittee fimnd that at this late period of the session
it would be impossible to take any legislative action
on the subject.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial from St.
Louis, Missouri, praying for an alteration in the
naturalization laws: laid on the table.
Mr. A. also sent to the Chair a resolution; which
lies over in conformity with the one-day rule. The
resolution requires the President of the United States
to order a negotiation with Mexico for the definition
of a boundary line between the United States and
Mexico.
Mr. JOHNSON offered a resolution of inquiry;
which also lies over in conformity with the one-day
rule.
On motion of Mr. BAGBY, the Committee on
Territories was discharged from the further consid-
eration of ccrtain petitions concerning post routes.
Mr. B. reported back, from the same committee,
the bill relating to certain improvements in the Ter-
ritory of Iowa, with a recommendation that it pass.
On motion of Mr. PORTER, the House bill mak-
ing appropriations for harbors and rivers, was taken
up, and read twice with a view to reference.
After some conversational discussion as to the
necessity of reference at so late a period of the ses-
sion, the bill was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The civil and diplomatic appropriation bill was
then read a third time, and passed.
DEFAULTING STATES.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the previous orders
were postponed, and the House joint resolution, No.
71, was taken up for consideration, as in committee
of the whole, and read as follows:
A joint resolution directing the Secretary of the Treasury,
whenever any State shall have been, or may be, in default
lor the payment of interest or prncipal on investments in
its stocks or bonds* held by the United States in trust, to
retnin certain moneys to which such State is entitled for
the purposes therein named.
Reeolved by the Senate and Honse of Representatives, That
whenever any State shall have been or may be in default
for the payment of interest or principal on investment in,
its stocks or bonds held by the United States in trust, it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to retain
