CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
atr
the whole, or so much thereof asmay be necessary, of the
per eentage to which such State m%y be ontitled of the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public' lands within its limits, and
apply the. tame to the payment of said interest or principal,
or to the reimbursement of any sums of money expended by
the United States for that purpose.
Mr. EYANS briefly explained the object of the
resolution.
Mr. BREESE -said this resolution was a violation
of the solemn compacts which had been made be-
tween the government and the States. These pro-
ceeds of th« sales of the public lands within their
limits had been ceded to the new States by the gen-
eral government, and he was not satisfied of the
power of Congress to withdraw them. He thought
this was a small business for Congress to be engaged
in.
Mr. EVANS said that this resolution would be
no violation of any contract by the federal govern-
ment. On the contrary, he thought the violation of
contract to be on the side of the States, in not pay-
ing the interest on their bonds.
Mr. BREESE said this was no answer to his ar-
gument. It was true that Illinois did not now pay
the interest upon her debl; but she was omitting
nothing that would bring about that desirable object;
and her conduct was worthy of the admiration and
the imitation of older States. This money was
given to the State of Illinois for the purpose of ena-
bling her to construct roads and support schools.
She gave up certain piivileges in consideration. She
agreed not to tax the public lands within her borders,
and also to exempt them from taxation for five
years after their sale.
Mr. ALLEN said he had made a motion this
morning to postpone the orders of the day with u
view to act upon the bill for the admission of Iowa
and Florida, but had withdrawn it ill order to enable
senators to act upon matters not giving rise to de-
bate. Now, as thelcsolution now before theScimte
was likely to cause much discussion, he would
move to lay it on the table.
Mr. EVANS hoped the vote would be now taken
on the resolution.
The motion to lay on the table was decided in the
negative—ayes 19, noes 21.
The question recurred upon the engrossment of
the resolution.
Mr. WOODBURY supported it. lie thought
that the State of Illinois stood to the government of
the United States m the same relation as private in-
dividuals to each other who Imd transactions and
debts. Nothing was more common among individ-
uals than to set oil'debts against each other.
Mr. BREESE said that the argument of setting
off debts against each other did not apply, because
the government did not act 111 the matter us princi-
pal, But as trustee.
Mr. HANNEGAN regaided the icsohition as n
blow aimed at his own State, which wus (it thin time
unable to pay the interest upon her debt. It wus
not from want of disposition, but from want of the
capacity, to pay the interest. Should this joint, reso-
lution be passed, the only fund which could bo made
available for the construction of roads would be. la-
ken away. It would bring on a conflict between
the general and State governments, and he predicted
that the States of Indiana, Illinois, and Mississippi
would not submit. So regarding it, be moved that
the resolution be laid on the table, and asked the
yeas and nays on the motion.
They were taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atherton, Bentou, Breeki',
Buchanan, Colquitt, Dickinson. l)ix, Fairfield, llannegun,
Haywood, Ilugcr, Semple, Sevier, Stuigeon, Tuppon, and
White—IB. „
NAYS—Messrs. Ilagliy, Bariow, Rnyiml, Berrien, ( honk',
Clayton, l)a>ton, Evans, Foster, Francis, Henderson, Hun-
tineton, Jarnagin, .Johnson, l.cwis, McUnfile, Maiigurn,
Merrick, Miller, Morehtad, I'lielps, I'ortcr, Simmons, l>
iiam, Woodbridge, and Woodbury—20.
The question recurred on the engrossment of the
resolution.
Mr. SEVIER argued that it should not pass the
Senate. It would destroy a part of the organic law
of the government, and upset the solemn contracts
made with new States, to give them a certain per
eentage upon the net proceeds of the sales oi the
public lands within their limit?.
Mr. EVANS contended that no compact would
be violated. The resolution had been reported m
the House from the Committee of Ways and
Means, and was passed without opposition. It only
proposed to pay the States the money which might
be due them in their own coupons. Upon a final
adjustment of their claims against the government
for this per eentage upon the sales of the public
lands, they would have every dollar allowed them
to which they were entitled.
Mr. BREESE said the fact of the resolution hav-
ing passed the House without opposition, was no
argument for its passage here. He regarded this as
a small business for Congress to be engaged in. The
amount of interest due from Illinois was very small;
but to withdraw the per eentage to which she was
entitled would embarrass all her operations.
Mr. WHITE argued against tne justice of the
resolution. He regarded it as unequal in its opera-
tion. The government held- the bonds of the old
States in which there were no public lands, as well
as those of the new States. He referred to the State
of Maryland, among others. Now, how would
Congress make those States pay their inter st? It
could not do it; and yet this resolution proposed, at
thia law period of the session, to take away the land
money of all States in arrears for interest, notwith-
standing the fact that some of these States had hy-
pothecated their per eentage in advance for the con-
struction of roads and improvements.
Mr. WOODBURY asked if the interest on the
State bonds was not a debt; and, if so, was it not li-
able to be set off like any other debt' If senators
would refer to the laws of the United States, they
would find that where the United States were owing
money to persons who were themselves in debt to
the government, the debts were required to be
met off' 1
Mr." WHITE. We deny the debt.
Mr. WOODBURY said he honed that repudia-
tion would not be advocated in the United States
Senate; and he hoped the State, of Indiana would not
repudiate. He should suppose that the State would
be glad to have such an opportunity as that afford-
ed by this resolution for paying a portion of her in-
terest.
Mr. HUNTINGTON remarked that the resolu-
tion hail not been drawn up hastily, but was pre-
pared after due deliberation. lie asked, if it were a
bunk that the government had to deal with instead
of a Stall*, would not the bank be paid in its own
notes? Would the, hank have any right to insist
upon payment in gold and silver, instead of its own
mites? tic answered no; and he regarded the case
of the defaulting States as exactly similar. All that
was proposed was to pay them whatever they were
entitled to by law m their own obligations.
After some remarks from Messrs. PORTER,
WOODBRIIXJI^ mid BAGBY, in opposition to
the resolution, and from Mr. JARNAGIN in its
favor,
Mr. WALKER said he would make a few re-
marks to the Senate. He had, on many occasions,
voted for those grants to the States, to enable, them
to uccomplish great objects which they had in view;
and he wns willing to vote for a certain quantity of
hind, adjacent to the Cumberland roail on each side,
in order to insure its completion. He should, how-
ever, vote for the passage of the resolution. In re-
gard to the State tlehls, he was always for the pay-
mant of just ones, constitutionally contracted. He
hnil always opposed the doctrine of repudiation,
and under ciicumstamcR of difficulty which few
other senators had to encounter. He win not aware
thai the States of Indiana and Illinois had repudi-
ated their obligations; though he knew they were
embarrassed. Now, here wns an agreement in the
shape of a law of Congress to do one thing, and an
agreement in the shape of a bond Irora a State to do
another thing; and he regarded it as in conformity
to law and justice to offset one against the. other.
He legretted to differ with his friends, the senator*
from the now States, on this subject.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he need not state the
impressions which rested upon his mind on the
subject of repudiation; for no one had done more
than he in endeavoring to remedy the non-payment
of interest by his own State. Still, he should vote
agnmst this resolution. He read from the statutes
to show that Congress had given away this ,'i per
rent, and other funds expressly to the Suites in
tiust for certain purposes—sometimes for the bene-
fit of the Indians, sometimes for education, some-
times for roads and canals. The money was applied
not to the benefit of Indiana or any other State
alone, but for the advantage of the whole surround-
ing country. He knew not very much of law now,
though once a very good lawyer; but he knew
enough to tell him that the funds of a ward in a
guardian's hand could not be taken to setoff a debt
against the guardian; nor could this fund be taken
from the Stales. He should vote against the reso-
lution, and put his vote on the ground that Indiana
was a mere trustee.
Mr. SEVIER contended that if this fund could Be
taken, so also might the funds from lands pledged to
the support of colleges, the mineral lands, &c., all
be taken and sold.
Mr. BERRIEN was "surprised to see the opposi-
tion which the resolution had encountered. He de-
fended its justice and policy.
Mr. WALKER addressed the Senate in refer-
ence to the case of Mississippi, and stated the de-
cision of the Vice Chancellor-of England, recently
made, in which the doctrine maintained by that
State in relation to her bonds was affirmed by that
functionary. The holders of the Mississippi bonds
might have long since applied to the Supreme Court
of the United States for a remedy against the non-
payment of the bonds they held; but they did not
dare to do so. Should the Supreme Court decide
these obligations to be valid, they would, he had
no doubt, be paid cheerfully to the last dollar.
Should this resolution now before the Senate affect
the State of' Mississippi, he hoped she would have
no objection to offset her claims with the federal
government. He (Mr. W.) would vote for the res-
olution as cheerfully as if it only applied to other
States.
Mr. WOODBURY again addressed the Senate in
reply to the opponents of the resolution.
Mr. HUGER said the Senate should decide this
question, not as if it were sitting as a court of law,
but as a body consulting the general policy of the
country. Reference should be had to the facts. When
new States were admitted into the Union, it was a
dUidition that the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands within their limits should go into the national
treasury, except three per cent, of the same. For
what was this? For education; and he asked were
not all interested in the education of the people who
were to have the true government of the country?
Now, certain States had issued bonds and could not
pay them. Some of these were purchased by the
United States for the benefit of Indian tribes. All
admitted that the Indians should not lose their mo-
ney. It was not a question whether the Indians
should lose this, or the people remain uneducated.
He would not, therefore, hesitate in saying that he
would rather rob the treasury than call on the.
people to remain uneducated. Ther« fore, he should
voteagninRt the resolution.
Mr. WALKER read from the London Spectator
the report of the English Vice Chancellor's opinion,
to which he before referred—affirming the correct-
ness of the doctrine held by Mississippi on the sub-
ject of her bonds.
After a few remarks from Mr. SEVIER,
Mr. DICKINSON moved to lay the resolution
on the table.
This motion was rejected as follows:
YKAft—Messrs. Alien, Ashley, Atchifon, Atlierton, Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, Buchanan, Colquitt, Dickinson, Dix,
iiamiegan, Haywood, Ilugcr, Semple, Soviet, Sturgeon, ar.tl
Whitts—Is.
NA VS—Messrs. Archcr, harrow. Bayard. Berrien, Chonte,
( iayton, I'rittenden, IJaj ton, Evans, Fan field, Foster, Fran-
cis, Henderson, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson, Lewis,
MeJlullie, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter. Sim-
mons, Vpluim, Walker, Woodbridge, and U'ooiibui y- v'S
The question was then taken on the engrossment,
and earned as follows:
YKAS-—Archer. Atliorton, Barrow, Berrien, f hoate, Clay-
ion, Crittenden, Dayton, F^ans, Fairfield, Foster, I-'rancjs,
Henderson, Huntington, Jarnssin, Johnson, Lewis McDuf-
tu\ Miller, More-head, Niles, Phelps. Simmons, Tappan, I p
ham, Walker. Woodbridge, and Woodbury—29.
N A.YS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Bagby, Benton,
Breese, Buchanan. Colquitt, Dickinson, Di\, Hannegrm,
ffavwood, Hu^er, Porter, Semple, Sevier, Sturgeon, and
White—IB.
It was subsequently read a third time, and passed.
A message from the Hou.se was received, an-
nouncing that they had suspended the 10th joint
rule, which requires all bills to be sent to the Senate,
three days before the adjournment of Congress, so
fares the army, navy, and post-routes bills were eon-
concerned: concurred in by the Senate. The said
j bills were received from the House ana referred.
ij , ADMISSION OP FLORIDA AND IOWA.
/ On motion of Mr. ALLEN, the Senate took up
/ the bill to provide for the'admission of the Territo-
ries of Florida and Iowa into the Union as States.
The bill was considered by the Senate as in com-
mittee of the whole.
Mr. EVANS said that as thp bill now stood, he
could not vote for it. He was under instructions
from his constituents on the subject, and he hoped
*he bill would be so shaped as to meet the view s of
