378
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the people he represented. The constitution of
Florida, moreover, was formed in 1838, and he did
not know that the present people of Florida were in
favor of it..
- Mr. BERRIEN said that it received the sanction
of a majority of the last legislature of Florida.
• Mr. EVANS said that might be very true; but
the constitution should receive the sanction of, the
people of Florida. That constitution gave the legis-
lature the power of passing laws which his constit-
uents felt to be a grievance. He referred to the laws
enacted in some of the southern States for the arrest
and imprisonment of free people of color. The opera-
tion of these laws was harassing to the people of the
Worth. He had known voyages to be broken up
by the desertion of colored seamen, who would not
submit to the danger of imprisonment when they
found out that the vessel in which they shipped
was destined for a southern port. The public senti-
ment of the Worth was unanimous on this subject.
Mr. E. read the resolutions of the legislature of
Maine upon this subject, and argued against the
constitutionality of the clause in the constitution of
Florida prohibiting the emancipation of slaves, and
prohibiting the immigration, or discharge from on
. board of vessels, of free persons of color into Flor-
I ida.
■4 Mr. WALKER remarked that the question in-
volved in the amendment of the senator from Maine
had been before the Supreme Court of the United
States, in the case of Miller vs. the State'of New
York. He quoted from the 11th volume of Peters's
Reports, the opinion of Judge Thompson, affirming
the power of the States to pass police laws, and de-
claring that the States had the power to excldfc
every description of persons whose presence en-
dangered their safety. Now, none were more dan-
gerous than the colored seamen, who might have
come from St. Domingo, ready for any sort of.
crime. The opinion of the Supreme Court to
which he had referred, was but a reaffirmance of a
luminous argument of a distinguished senator,
[Mr. Berrien,] who was the Attorney General of
the United States. As further evidonce of the pow-
er of the States to pass these regulations, he referred
to the State of Ohio, a free State, in which colored
persons were required to give bond and security
for their good behaviour. Now, if it was compe-
tent for the State to restrict them at all, it mii;ht ex-
clude them entirely. If Florida had a right to ex-
clude colored persons by law, she had a right to ex-
clude them by her constitution.
Mr. ALLEN said that there was but one ques-
tion which the Congress of the United States had a
right to ask in this matter; and that was, whether
the State applying for admission into the Union
had a republican form of government. Suppose
there was a provision in the constitution of Florida,
which came in conflict with the constitution of the
United States: such provision would be a nullity;
for the constitution being the supreme law of the
land, everything conflicting with it was nugatory.
The Congress of the United States had but one
question to agk. All theinternal and social arrange-
ments of the States were left to them alone. If
Congress could examine their constitutions in de-
tail, where would the examination stop?. -In such a
case, Congress would become the mak^r gf the
State constitution, and not the people. The'^pnsti-
tution of Florida contained a provision against bank
charters. He thought gentlemen who were in favor
of banks had as much right to object to that, as
they had to object to any other provision. Upon
the argument of tbe senator from Maine, [Mr.
Evans,] Congress would have a right to make the
constitution of Florida; for if it could say that one
clause should be stricken out, it might just as well
say all shall be stricken out.
He repeated, Congress had nothing O do but to
ask whether Florida had constituted a republican
form of government; should there be provisions
contrary to the constitution of the United States,
they were null and void, and would be so declared
by the tribunal appointed for that purpose—the Su-
preme Court of the United States. He concluded
by expressing the hope that the discussions of the
Senate on this bill would not be extended to the
dark subject of slavery; but that the bill would be
passed into a law without agitating a question which
could do no good.
Mr. BERRIEN said, that as a member of the
Committee on the Judiciary, he had given his at-
tention to this bill, and had considered that provision
in the constitution of Florida to which the senator
from Maine objected. He felt it his duty to say
that the sovereign people of a State had the right to
protect themselves by such a provision as this. If
it was in the power of the United States govern-
ment to decide upon the constitutions of new States,
the sooner the fact was known the better. There
was no power to exclude any provision from the
constitution of a new State; neither was there any
power in the federal government to exclude a physi-
cal pestilence from any of the States. Each State
had the power to protect itself—a power which never
would be surrendered. It was, therefore, needless
for the other States to attempt to deprive any one of
them of the right to suppress a moral pestilence
within her borders. He should rejoice to see this
question carried to the Supreme Court of the United
States for its decision. He had not the slightest
doubt that the power of the States to pass police
laws for their own protection would be recognised.
Until then, he should protest against calling it m
question.
Mr. EVANS said he did not wish to restrict
Florida. He only desired that she would not re-
strict herself in her constitution from passing any
laws on this subject hereafter. He did not wish to
take away from her the power of self-preservation;
but could laws directing the sale of free persons
into servitude for the non-payment of jail fees be
called such? - He referred to the case of a colored
citizen of his State who was advertised for sale in
Virginia for non-payment of the expenses of his
arrest and imprisonment, and who would have actu-
ally been sold but for the interference of the execu-
tive of Maine in sending on an agent to pay the ex-
penses thus incurred. The provision in the consti-
tution of Florida conflicted with the constitution of
the United States, and he could not, therefore, vote
for the admission of it as a State until that provi-
sion was changed. He differed witli the senator
from Ohio, who said that the only question in the
competency of Congress to ask was, " Has the
State a republican fuim of government?"
-v Mr. E. then sent to the Chair the following amend-
ment to the bill:
Piovitletl, howei'rr. That, so lav as relates to Florida, Hub
act shall not take olivet until after a com ention of delegates,
elected by the qualified \oter<? of Kloitda, shall have s.o al-
tered the constitution adopted by the convention of dele-
gates on the 11th Januar) , 1S:V>. as to strike hom article
tenth, in said constitution, the first and third sections, in the
following words, namelv:
"Skc. 1. The general assembly shall have no power to
pass laws for the emancipation of slave?."
"Si-c 3. The general assembly shall have no power to
pass laws to prevent free negroes, mulattor*?, or other per-
sons of color, from immigiatmg to this State, or from being
discharged from on board any vessel in any of the ports of
Florida!''
And nothing contained in the same, in substance or prin-
ciple, shall be inserted m place thereof, or m other part of
said constitution. As soon as the alterations herein required
shall have been made, and proof thereof laid bctoio the
President of the United States, he shall announce the same
by proclamation-, and thereupon, and without any further
proceedings on the pait of Congress, the admission of &aid
State of Florida into the Union of the United States of
America shall be considered as complete.
Mr. FAIRFIELD said he did not vise, at this late
hour of the session, and while so much important
business was pressing upon them, to discuss at
length the questions that had been raised in this
case by his colleague. But, inasmuch as his atten-
tion had been caflcd to certain resolutions adopted
by the legislature of Maine, which his colleague re-
garded as instructions to the senators from that State
to oppose the admission of Florida into the Union
upon-the terms now proposed, he (Mr. F.) deemed
it to be his duty, differing in opinion as he did with
his colleague in reference to this matter, to state his
opinions merely, without attempting to elaborate
them.
In regard to the laws existing in some of the
southern States to which his colleague had alluded,
Mr. F. said he agreed with him fully that they were
highly objectionable; that they violated the constitu-
tional rights of the free coloteu citizens of the North;
that they were unconstitutional. And if a similar
law was now proposed, he would feel it to be his
solemn duty to oppose it; or if any proposition was
now pending affording additional facilities to the free
blacks to vindicate and secure their rights, most
cheerfully would he support it. But the question
now presented was entirely different. If Florida
was entitled to be admitted into the Union, she was
entitled to admission upon an equal footing with the
original States. Congress, therefore, has nothing
further to do with her constitution and form of gov-
ernment than to see that it is "republican." The
constitution, article four, section four, says: "The
United States shall guaranty to every State in the
Umon a republican form of government." -When
Congress has looked into the constitution. of the
State proposed for admission, and is satisfied that
it does not establish a monarchical, or any form of
government other than republican, its-power, in this
respect, is exhausted. With the details of the con-
stitution it has nothing to do. This is exclusively
the work of the State, and not of the government of
the United States. Under this view, Mr. F. said he
did not sanction the obnoxious provisions of the
constitution of Florida by voting for her admission
into the Union. He might lament—and he did
lament—that the people .of Florida deemed it expe-
dient to insert provisions into their constitution so
well calculated to keep up and increase the exciting
irritations between different sections of the country
upon the subject of slavery. But that was a ques-
tion solely, for their consideration and determination.
But what would be effected by striking out these
objectionable provisions of the constitution? Suppose
that Congress had the power to do it: could not
Florida, immediately after the organization of her
government, pass laws similar to those now com-
plained of? Certainly; and this no power could
prevent. The right to pass such laws can only be
determined by the judicial tribunals of the country.
If the admission of Florida wonld.be sanctioning
and making valid all the provisions in her constitu-
tion, then Congress would have the power indirect-
ly to change the constitution of the United States.
Now this, Mr. F. said, he denied. If these provis-
ions of the constitution of Florida were in violation
of the constitution of the United States, they would
remain so as well after her admission into the Union
as before. The constitution of the United States is
inflexible, and cannot be changed by the mere act of
Congress. If Florida has a right to pass laws like
those alluded to, then any restriction on our part
would be unjustifiable. If she has no such power,
and such laws contravene the constitution of the
United States, the judicial tribunals of the country
would so determine. And it appeared to him that
there was no difficulty in presenting that question.
Any person arrested under these laws might, on an
application for a writ of habeas corpus, bring the
question at once ^before the courts of the United
States, and have the constitutionality of the laws
judicially determined.
In regard to the instructions of the legislature ad-
verted to by his colleague, Mr. F. saitl that, in his
opinion, they were not intended to apply to this
case. No such case was contemplated as the ap-
plication of a State for admission into the Union,
with a constitution like that of Florida, it had
reference to certain laws then existing, and which
could be repealed only by the power that created
them. And what do the resolutions say? For the"
right of the legislature to instruct, and the corres- -
ponding obligation on the part of the senator to
obey, Mr. F. said he fully recognised. .The reso-
lutions, after expressing an opinion as to the uncon-
stitutionality and impropriety of the laws alluded
to, go on to instruct the senators to protest solemnly
against such laws, and to use their best efforts to
procure their repeal. In obedience to such instruc-
tions, Mr. F. said he always had, and always would,
solemnly protest against these laws—and he did it
now. He would further do anything to procure the
repeal of those laws, which he could constitution-
ally do. And if his voice eould reach the legisla-
tures of the States which have enacted such laws,
he would remonstrate against them, and use his ut-
most power to persuade the legislatures to repeal
them. How much further he could go, to carry
into effect the instructions of the legislature, may
admit of much-question. At all events, he was sat-
isfied that they did not require him to vote against
the admission of a State into the Union, nor to im-
pose restrictions upon her to which the other States
are not subjected.
Mr. CHOATE then obtained the floor, and on
his motion the Senate took a recess till 5 o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate resumed its sitting at 5 o'clock, p. m.
- The House bill for the establishment of certain
post routes was taken up, read twice, and referred
to the Post Office Committee.
Mr. BAGBY offered a resolution, which, under
the rule, lies over for consideration. It was to the
effect that the executive journal of the Senate, to the
end of the present session of Congress, be printed, .
and the injunction of secrecy, for that purpose^ be
removed.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Pensions, made
