Congressional globe
tion to feel themselves privileged, in contravention
of sueh provisions, to adopt this course of legisla-
tion.
He wished to obviate the seeming distraction of
opinion upon this subject, by stating what our east-
ern-brethren could not perceive, because they were
not placed in the same circumstances that the peo-
ple of the South were. No matter what might be
the-provisions of the constitution of the United
States, the people of the South might be obliged to
resort to these prohibitory regulations in order to
avoid the evils of a domestic war. It was the law
of self-preservation with them. What, then, was
the use of raising these discussions? What had
been the course of Massachusetts upon this sub-
ject'1 He had been accustomed to say that Massa-
chusetts was the most enlightened State in the
Union; and yet, notwithstanding that high emi-
nence which she' maintained, this position had not
restrained' her from being the instrument of throw-
ing distraction into the federal councils of the
Union, by the action on this slave subject. That
had been her character and conduct for several years
past. We of the South care not what may be the
regulations upon these subjects, if we believe that'
the vessels of New England and Maine are about
to bring firebrands to cast into the midst of our
cities, we will take precautions to keep off and to
keep out such an element of mischief. We will en-
deavor to avoid such a form of plague as visited St.
Domingo. You might have all the laws and insti-
tutions in the world, and we could not regard them.
This was a case in which the most prudent course
was to refrain from interference. Gentlemen, if
they pleased, might choose to stir this thing, and
stir it to what purpose? To create dissensions be-
tween the different portions of the Union, dissimi-
lar in their institutions, as well as in their geographi-
cal and physical condition—dissensions which it
was absolutely impossible to appease. He knew
the honorable senator from Massachusetts so well,
that he knew if he obeyed his own free will, he
would not have made the remarks that he made to-
night. That honorable senator was under the do-
minion of influences that, perhaps, he ought not to
resist, but which, if he chose to hear, we could tell
him were influences that disseminated the highest
and worst sort of mischief between the two opposite
sections of the Union. In Charleston, or Rich-
mond, can we allow ship-loads of persons calling
themselves sailors from Massachusetts, to come into
those ports for the very purpose of mixing with a
certain character of our population, and stirring up
the latent embers of the worst form of civil combus-
tions; and because they allege that they have rights
under the constitution of the United States, are we
going to let the fire break out and conflagrate our
cities and towns, in deference to what they call their
constitutional rights? We would be no less en-
slaved than our own obnoxious population, if we
failed to arrest the dissemination of such mischiefs
as these.
Let the clause which is now the subject of
discussion go by. And they were not patriots,
let him conclude by saying, who did not take
this view of the subject, and put aside the source of
inevitable dissension, but persevered in bringing it
before the country.- He hoped it would be allowed
to pass, though he could readily desire that the
clause had not been introduced into the constitution
of Florida at all.
Mr. EVANS. I cannot understand the argument
of the senator from Viiginia. He rises to tell the
Senate that they are not patriots who, in the exer-
cise of what they deem their just and proper inter-
ests here, under instructions, too, which I believe
he recognises——
Mr. ARCHER. No, I do not.
Mr. EVANS. He does not. Very well; I am
sorry that the honorable senator from Virginia
should say, sir, that they are not patriots who pro-
amendments of the character which I have
proposed.
The CHAIR did not so understand the senator
from Virginia.
Mr. EVANS. What did the senator say, then?
Mr. ARCHER. I have but this to say, sir: that
if the explanation is demanded of me in a very dif-
ferent tone, I shall give it. In the tone in which it
is now demanded, 1 yield no explanation.
Mr. EVANS. The senator may explain or not,
as he pleases. I have moved an amendment, and I
understood him to say, that those who presented
any motion of this sort—I do not know that I use
his exact language—are not to be regarded as patri-
ots. I demand no explanation. I use no tone; but
I must say, sir, that I think the expression which
the senator uses——
Mr. ARCHER. If the gentleman demands jio
explanation, or uses no excited tone, then it is my
volition to say that I did not mean the slightest dis-
respect to him or any other senator. I meant to
say, and it is my recollection that I did say, that
persistance in this course would not tend to patriotic
results. It was of consequences, not motives, I
spoke; but as to any imputation upon their patriot-
ism, it was not in my contemplation. I am sur-
prised that such a construction should have been
put upon my language. I am very glad that the
altered tone of my honorable friend should have
permitted me to make this explanation.'
Mr. EVANS. Passing over all that matter, 1
understood the honorable senator to rise for the pur-
pose of appealing to the Senate to let this matter of
dissension, and controversy, and feeling, pass by.
Mr. ARCHfcR. That' was my desire. I rose
for a conciliatory purpose.
Mr. EVANS. As a conciliatory purpose, I ap-
preciate it.
Mr. E. then proceeded to reply to the remarks of
the senator from Virginia. What was his (Mr.
E.'s) proposition? and what was the honorable sen-
ator's admission? His proposition simply said that
the Senate should not be called upon to give its ap-
probation to certain provisions contained in the con-
stitution of Florida, which the honorable senator
himself said he regretted were there.
Mr. ARCHER. And which 1 think ought not
to be there.
Mr. EVANS. Which he regretted were there,
and ought not to be there. The senator's convic-
tions upon that subject were not half so strong as
his, He (Mr. E.)'regretted that they were (here,
and thought they ought not to be there. He agreed
that they were unfortunately there, and thought
they were improperly there; and, as his colleague
[Mr. Fairfield] thought, that they were unconsti-
tutionally there. The honorable senator proposed,
as a measure of conciliation and compromiso, that
wc who thought they were unjustly and unconsti-
tutionally there, should vote to retain them.
Now, it did strike him (Mr. E ) that the better
way of conciliation, and compromise, and conces-
sion, was that those who thought that they ought
not to be there, and regretted that they were there,
should consent to strike them out, for there were some
on his side who had judgments and consciences and a
sense of constitutional duty upon this subject,
which forbade them to vote for this constitution while
those provisions were there. Why, then, could
not gentlemen compromise and conciliate by agree-
ing to strike them out'1 But the conciliation which
his friend from "Virginia proposed was that we
should violate our judgment and convictions of duty,
by voting to retain them, when we do not ask him
to violate one single feeling or conviction in voting
to strike them out! As a matter of conciliation and
compromise, he should vote to strike them out.
The senator said another thing, which he (Mr. E.)
confessed he was sorry to hear him say, because he
had been so very earnest and able an advocate of
adherence to the constitution. Nay, he thought he
heard him say the other day that he would not vio-
late the constitution of the United States for any
earthly consideration.
Mr. ARCHER. And I would not.
Mr. EVANS in continuation: And yet what did
he say but a moment ago? Why, that there were
circumstances when the rtrong restrictions of all the
constitutions in the world were but as dust in the
balance. Whenever Virginia, or any of the south-
ern States, in their judgement or their discretion
might think that their safety was in danger, their
domestic regulations likely to be subverted, then
considerations higher than all constitutions impel
them, and call upon them to set aside this constitu-
tion.
Mr. ARCHER. The law of necessity.
Mr. EVANS. The. law of necessity overrides
all things—that is the senator's doctrine.
Now it struck him (Mr. E.) that this was a very
dangerous doctrine to inculcate. He did not know
how far it might have been, or might not have been,
recognised by the Senate in a recent case.
There were two sides to this question of necessi-
ty and self-preservation. The self-preservation of
other States seemed to him to be a matter of some
consideration as well as of the southern States.
The senator from Virginia had put an extreme
case, and then asked if we would forbid them to le-
gislate itpon it? God forbid ! He would not. Sup-
pose a number of persons of that description,- upon
whom these laws operate, should be exported from
our ports for the purpose of stirring up a servile in-
surrection there: lay your Hands upon them—pass
your laws—seize them and punish' ;thein.' But are
these the laws of which we complain? No: you
have a law that when a vessel from our-part of the
country, having on board a person of that description,
with no evil purpose, and no design but that of
of maintaining your institutions, if fie happened to
have a black skin, and rot from the intent of his
heart, he is to be prohibited from landing, or punish-
ed. Was it to be justified by an argument, that if
persons are imported and introduced there, with un-
lawful purposes, you cannot punish them? As the
law stands, you punish, persons who have no such
purpose. Enact your laws as severe as you please.
Who has ever complained of them? -We in the
North, of the free States, have never said that you
hare no right to try, and punish, any person of any
color that you find within your borders, with these
unlawful purposes in their hearts. But when a
free man, bccause the color of his countenauce hap-
pens to be black, and he happens to help the master
of a vessel, comes into one of your ports without
the slightest purpose of violating your laws—nay,
with a disposition to maintain them—when you hap-
pen to find him within your borders, you impute to
him intentions which he has not in his heart, and
punish him for a crime which he has not committed.
That is what we say is inhuman and unjust.
He only asked immunity for those who go with
lawful intents, and just purposes, who violate
none of the laws of the States where they go.
Make your laws as severe as you please, for the
purpose of repressing the commission of crime; but
make no laws to punish, when no unlawful purpose
is cherished, when no unlawful act is dofie.
Now, a word to his friend from Georgia, [Mr.
Berrien,] and his friend from Tennessee, [Mr.
Foster,] who talked about torches, midnight alarms,
tomahawks, and all that. Really these things did
not please him at all. Who stirs up these dissen-
sions? We cherish no such purpose. He knew
there was complaint; he would not say that there
was not very great reason to complain of the move-
ments of certain persons, and certain societies, not
very inconsiderable in number, who cherish the pur-
pose of general emancipation. Has it never occur-
red to you how you are aiding and abetting them?
In his conscience he might say that he knew
those abolitionists, and those persons connected
with them whom you reprobate so much, (and
whom God forbid he should aefend^here especially,)
of all things in the world desired that these laws
should not be repealed. He k'frew that they peti-
tioned here against them; he knew they got up
excitement against them; but the very moment
your laws would cease, the topic of excitement
would be taken away. They do not wish these
laws to cease; because every instance in which they
arc enforced gives them occasion to appeal to their
fellow-citizens of the free States, and thus gives
them an opportunity of making converts. It gives
them occasion of complaint against southern legisla-
tion, and therefore gives them all the advantages
which may be derived from argument founded upon
this course of proceeding. They do not desire that
such laws, operating not upon criminal intent, but
upon innocent, plausible, constitutional, legal ac-
tions and proceedings on the part of free citizens
who, under the protection of the laws of the United
States, are arrested and punished under southern
laws, bearing upon them and not upon criminal in-
tent, should be repealed. The operation of such
laws furnished one of the strongest arguments made
use of by the abolitionists of the North, and was
very useful to them in keeping up the excitement
which they are able to maintain among our citizens.
He did not object to the people of the southern
States preserving their internal peace, security, and
safety. Make laws as stringent as you please to pun-
ish those who violate them. But we complain that
while the laws of the constitution and country give
protection and security to that class of persons
while they are peacefully pursuing their legitimate
business, they should be restrained from their
liberty, subjected to punishment and imprisonment,
and sometimes to a final loss of liberty. We com-
plain that, without a purpose of crime in their hearts,
they are subjected to the most severe punishment
which the legislation of the States can inflict ^ He
felt himself called upon to resist the extension of
these laws. His colleague [Mr, Fairfield J differ*
