384
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. CROSS offers# the following amendment
under the head of Missouri:
From Tadependence, on the Missouri river, crossing the
Rocky mountains, to the falls of the Wallamette river, in
Oregon.
Rejected.
- On mption of Mr. HOPKINS the committee rose
and reported the bill and amendments.
The amendments were concurred in en masse>
the bill was ordered to be engrossed, and having
been read a third time, was passed. "
On motion of Mr. W. J. dROWN, two members
were added to the Committee on Enrolled Bills.
Mr. BROWN, from said committee, reported
that they had found correctly engrossed the joint
resolution for annexing Texas to the United States.
Itwas now presented, andjeceived the signature of
the Speaker.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Hamlin in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the army appropriation bill.
The pending amendment was that offered last
evening by Mr. Lucas, for the increase of the item
for the manufacture of arms at the national armo-
ries, from $300,000 to $360,000.
Mr. LUCAS, by general consent, sent up to the
Clerk's table, where it was read, a letter of CoL
Talcott, cfiief of the ordnance department, and some
other communication, in explanation of the necessity
of this amendment.
The amendment was adopted—ayes 81, noes 35.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved an amendment ap-
propriating $20,000 for commencing the necessary
works for an armory at Fort Massac, Illinois.
Mr. McKAY raised a point of order against the
amendment; which was overruled by the Chair.
The amendment was adopted—the question being
taken by tellers—ayes 72, noes 43.
Mr. LUCAS offered an amendment appropriating
$30,000 for the purchase of a certain piece of land
at Harper's Ferry, for the use of the United States
armory: rejected.
Air. HARPER offered an amendment for the
erection of an armory in Ohio, §30,000: rejected.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committees of Ways
and Means, offered an amendment appropriating
$2,000 for continuing the metereological observa-
tions at the military posts of the United States, under
the direction of the Surgeon General: agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON offered an amendment appro-
priating $2,500 for survey of the military roaa in
Arkansas: rejected.
Mr. CROSS offered the followingamendment: For
repairing and completing the United States military
road from the Mississippi river, opposite Memphis,
in the Suite of Tennessee, to Little Rock, m the
State of Arkansas, fifteen thousand dollars: iejected.
Mr. DARRAGH offered an amendment increas-
ing the appropriation for the armament of fortifica-
tions fiom $100,000 to $200,000: rejected.
Mr. STILES offered an amendment appropriating
$100,000 for the purchase of two sites for national
foundries, one in Pennsylvania, the other in Geor-
gia, and the commencement of the necessary build-
ings therefor—
Mr. McKAY objected, that the amendment was
out of order, there being no law to sanction the ap-
propriation.
Mr. STILES appealed.
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the reading of an
act of Congress, which he alleged sanctioned the ap-
propriation; which was read.
On taking the question on the appeal, the decis-
ion of the Chair was sustained by the House.
The question was [then put on the amendment,
and it was rejected.
Mr. PATERSON offered an amendment appro-
priating $30,000 for the commencement of fortifica-
tions on the Genesee nver.
The CHAIR decided this amenement to be out
of ordei.
Mr. BIDLACK offered on amendment appro-
priating $2,000 for examinations and surveys for
selecting sites for national foundries ; rejected.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the committee rose
and reported the bill to the House as amended.
Mr. McIC. then moved the previous question :
which was seconded, anil mam question ordered.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on the
rst amendment, which incrcuacd the appropriation
for the manufactuie .it amis- at the national ^rmoricy
<21 $200,000 to *360,00(1.
The vote on this question was taken by yeas and
yeas, and resulted thus: yeas 85, nays,75; so the
amendment was agreed to. s
The next amendment appropriated $20,000 for the
purchase of a site in Illinois, and for the erection of
' an armory.
On this the yeas and nays were taken, and re-
sulted thus: yeas 76, nays 71; so the amendment
was agreed to.
The question was taken, at the suggestion of Mr,
McKAY, on.the remaining amendments en masse,
and they were concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, read a
third time, and passed.
Mr. McKAY offered a joint resolution to sus-
pend the 16th joint rule of the two Houses, which
provides that no bill having passed one House shall
be sent for concurrence to the other during the last
three days of the session, as far as relates to the bills
making appropriations for the army, for the navy,
and for post routes.
The resolution was agreed to.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE
Mr. RATHBUN inquired of the Speaker in what
manner the post office hill (which haa just been re-
turned from the Senate) could now be reached for
action.
The SPEAKER, after some conversation, replied
that it could only be reached by a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. RATHBUN moved a suspension of the rules
for this purpose: agreed to; ayes 117, nors 20.
The bill was accordingly taken as on the amend-
ments of the House to which (he Senate hud con-
curred, and had added thereto an amendment, which
was now the question before the House.
The amendment was read. It authorizes mem-
bers of Congress to rceoivc letters not exceeding
two ounces in weight free of postage, and extend
the same franking privilege to Vice Presidents as
granted to members of Congress (The bill, as thus
amended, leaves the franking privilege of members of
Congress^the, same as it is at present.)
Mr. HOPKINS asked the yeas and nays, which
were refused.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of the Senate was concurred in without a divi-
sion.
Thus the bill for the reduction of postage, &c., is
finally passed, and awaits only the signature of the
President to become a law.
RECESS.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the rules were sus-
pended, and a resolution was agreed to for the
House to take a recess from 3 to half past 4 o'clock.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, the House resolved
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Tibbatts in the chair.)
On motion by Mr. OWEN, he committee took
up the bill from the Senate granting a certain quan-
tity of land to the State of Indiana, to aid that State
in the completion of the Wabash and Erie canal.
The bill being read,
Mr. OWEN made some explanations in its sup-
port.
Mr. McCLELLAND offered as a substitute a
similar bill, having the same object in view, which
he said had twice passed the Senate.
Mr. OWEN said he had no objection to that
amendment, because it was precisely the samething
in substance as the bill before the committee. Those
who voted for one would vote for the other, and
those who opposed the one would oppose the other.
He therefore hoped that his friend from Michigan
would withdraw his amendment.
Mr. DOUGLASS ottered an amendment to the
amendment granting a certain quantity of land to the
Sttate of Illinois, to aid that State in the completion
of the Illinois and Michigan canal, which he said
was to connect the waters of the lakes with the Mis-
sissippi river and the Gulf of Mexico, and make a
canal navigable for ships of war.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS and Mr. BRINKERHOFF
appealed to the gentleman from Michigan to with-
draw his amendment, as the same object in it would
be accomplished by the bill before the committee.
Mr. McCLELLAND withdrew his amendment,
and moved that this committee lay aside the bill to
be reported to the House, and take up the bill he
had just sent up to thejChair as a substitute.
Mr. J- P. KENNEDY offered an amendment
granting a certain quantity to the Stale of Maryland
to aid that State in the completion of the Chesa-
peake and Ohio canal; and
After some remarks from Mr. OWEN, in oppo-
sition to it, - ' * - - *
Mr. KENNEDY withdrew his amendment*
Mr. BRENGLE renewed the am en dm en t offered
and withdrawn by his colleague Mi\ Kennedy.
Mr J. W. DAVIS raised the point of order that
the gentleman had no right to renew the amendment
of his colleague while the gentleman from Michi-
gan had the right to the floor. . "
Mr. BRENGLE replied, and addressed the com-
mittee in some remarks in favor of his amendment.
The amendment was negatived.
Mr. BARRINGER submitted an amendment;
which was negatived.
Mr. HOPKINS offered an amendment; which
was rejected. ? ^
Mr. R. CHAPMAN offered the following:
JBc it further enacted, That each alternate section of the
public lands of the United States lying on either'eide of the
line of the railroad from the Tennessee river to the Coosa
river, in the State of Alabama, known as the Tennessee and
Coosa railroad, be granted to the said State of Alabama for
the completion of said road, under the terms, limitations,
"and restrictions contained in said bill in relation to the
grants made in the previous sections of this bill; and that
the minimum price of the other alternate sections not grant-
ed to the State be double that of other public lands within
said Stale.
Mr. C. briefly explained the amendment.
Mr. YANCEY hoped that Mr. C. would with-
draw l>is amendment, as it involved a principle
which would prevent his giving it his support. His *
State had not recognised, and his principles of le-
gislation had repudiated, the doctrine of internal im-
provement. He could no-t consent to give counte-
nance to this system, by asking anything of the
general government. He had opposed all such ap-
propriations of land asked for from other quarters;
and, injustice to his principles, and to the views of
his State, he should be compelled to vote against the
proposition of his colleague, if pressed to a vote. His
colleague and himself both belonged to a school
which recognises in full force this principle.
Mr. CHAPMAN said that he would not admit
that his colleague went beyond him in scrictly
construing the powers of this government; but, with
all his strictness of construction, he was unable to
discover how the amendment proposed could be
construed as a departure from the doctrine con-
tended for by the strictest constructionists.
If Congress has the constitutional power to make
all needful rules and regulations for the disposition
of the public Icinds—-appropriates alternate sections
on condition that the other sections reserved shall,
by the improvement contemplated, bring double
the amount now asked, and ten times as much as
it will bring without the improvement—he was
unable to discover how this could be called a recog-
nition of the powers of the government to carry
on a system of internal improvement.
Mr. C. said that his colleague nor himself would ob-
ject to receivefrom theUnited Statesa relinquishment
of all their claim to Alabama of all the waste lands
within that State, that have remained so many years
unsold. Indeed, such a bill has been introduced
at this session by one of his colleagues. The amend-
ment only proposes to grant alternate sections, not
to a private company, but to the State; and to the
.State only upon condition that an improvement is
made by which the other sections will bring double
the price now asked.
Mr. C. said he could not discover how this could
be called an appropriation for internal improvement.
It was only a good "rule or regulation," by which
some of the public land may be disposed of that
cannot be without it.
The amendment was then rejected.
Mr. RAYNER submitted an amendment, which
the explained at some length.
Mr. PETTIT replied, and the debate was con-
inued by Mr. RAYNER.
Mr. JAMESON moved that the committee rise,
with a view to offer a resolution to terminate debate:
carried.
The committee accordingly rose, and reported
progress.
Mr. JAMESON offered a resolution to terminate
debate in one minute after the bill shall again be
taken up in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; and that the committee shall, at that
time, rise and report said bill to the House.
Mr. J. moved the previous question; which was
seconded,
The mam question was ordered; and being taken,
the resolution was adopted.
On motion of Mr. J. the committee resumed its
