GLOBE
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADYANCE.
28th Cong... 2d Sess.
MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1845.
Volume 14....No. 25.
[Continued from, No. 24.]
session, and the consideration of the above bill,
granting lands to Indiana to aid in the completion of
the Wabash and Erie canal.
The question was on the amendment of Mr. Ray-
ner; which, in its modified form, provided, "in or-
der to place all the States on a footing of equality,"
for the grant of 500,000 acres of land to each of the
remaining States.
The committee were dividing on this amendment,
when, the one minute having expired, they rose, and
reported the bill to the House.
Mr. RAYNER obtained the floor, and renewed
his amendment offered in committee.
Mr. HARALSON moved an amendment to tile
amendment, to make one of the conditions of the
grant proposed, thut the said companies should be
bound, during time of war, to transport all muni-
tions of war and supplies of the army free of charge
to the United States.
Mr. RAYNER moved the previous question,
which was seconded; and the mam question wss or-
dered.
Mr. HARALSON, finding that, it was rendered
unnecessary by a clause of the bill, withdrew his
amendment.
The question recurring on the amendment of Mr.
RAYNER,
The yeas and nays were asked, and ordered; and
being taken, lesulted—yeas 46, nays 85.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was read a thud time, and passed.
The hour of 3 having arrived, the House took a
recess to half past 4 o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
At half-past 4 p. m. the House was callcd to order
by the Speaker, and it being ascertained that there
was not a quorum present,
On motion by Mr. DICKEY, a cJl of the House
was ordered, and the roll being called through, it
appeared that l.'t4 members had answered to their
names.
Further proceedings under the call were dispensed
with; and
The previous question having been moved ami
seconded, and the mam question ordered on the
pending bill, viz:—the bill granting a certain quan-
tity of land to the State of Indiana, to aid such State
in the completion of the Waliasli and Erie canal.
The limm question was put on the passage of the
bill, and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 852,
nays 5.r>. , ,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON obtained permission to
report a Senate bill back from the Committee of In-
dian Affairs; and it was referred to the Committed
of the Whole.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MeKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Meanff, reported back the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill, with a recommendation that certain
of the Senate's amendments be concurred in, and
others non-eonenrred in.
On the motion of Mr. McKAY, the House then
resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and took up the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill, with the view of disposing
of the amendments from the Senate, (Mr. Saunders
in the chair.)
On the motion of Mr. McKAY, such amend-
ments as the Committee of Ways and Means rec-
ommended the Committee of the Whole to concur
m, were concurred in, except such as were objected
to as they were read.
The first amendment of the Senate, m which the
Committee of Ways and Means recommended a
non-concurrence, was that which increased the ap-
propriation for the books supplied to members of
Congress, under resolution of the House, from
809,943 to |87,755. The effect of the Senate's
amendment was to restore the appropriation to what
it was originally, when the bill was in the House,
before it was reduced on the recommendation of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means. The Committee of the Whole non-con-
curred in the Senate's amendment.
The next amendment was the one made in th«
item which was introduced by Mr. Otven, as an
amendment of Mr. Pratt's proposition for the erec-
tion of new buildings for the War and Navy De-
partments. It was concurred in.
The amendment of the Senate being -under con-
sideration to reduce the grade of the mission to
Austria, from that of minister to charge de affaires,
and to reduce that to China from minister plenipo-
tentiary to that of commissioner, for whom $5,000
is appropriated—
Mr. HOLMES made some remarks, partly in
reply to a speech of Mr. C. Ingersoll, a few days
since.
Mr. HAMMETT opposed the reduction of the
mission to China, and hoped the House would not
recede from the appropriation of the House, inserted
on motion of Mr. Adams by the House, for min-
ister plenipotentiary to this country.
Mr. RATHBUN moved that the committee rise,
but'yielded to
Mr. DARRAGH, who was proceeding to speak
an the subject of Mexican indemnities, when he was
called to order by Mr. C. J. Ingersoll.
Some conversation and much confusion took
placo on the point of order.
The CHAIR decided that it was not in order to
discuss any portion of the bill, except that under
consideration.
Mr. DARRAGH appealed from that decision;
and
On taking the question on the appeal, the decision
of the Chair was overruled.
Mr. DARRAGH then continued his remarks in
relation to the Mexican indemnity.
Mr. PATERSON obtained the floor, and said
that the only bill upon which he cared to take up
much of the time of the committee had been taken
out of debate by a resolution of the House in two
hours after it was first taken up. He regretted that
so important a bill as that of postage reform should
be hurried through the committee so hastily. He
regarded it as the most important measure of this
Congress, in the benefits it is destined to bestow up-
on the country. As it passed, as a revenue measure,
which he found it would not prove, it was to be re-
gretted that more time was not given to debate it,
that its bearings might be more thoroughly under-
stood.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL called Mr. P. to order
for debating a subject foreign to the one under con-
sideration
The CHAIR decided it was out of order to debate
any other subject than that before the House.
Mr. PATERSON contended that a portion of the
Senate's amendments referred to mail routes and to
the regulation of the mails, and he was permitted
to go on, and spoke of the unpopularity of the post
office department with the people, rendering it im-
possible to protect its revenues from being infringed
upon, and said that the only way to restore it to the
favorable consideration of the country was to take
from it the appearance of being administered to op-
press rather than benefit the people, while it remain-
ed a government monopoly. He referred to the few
and slight changes which had been made in the
rate of postage since the department was first estab-
lished, and to the burden which the franking privi-
lege imposed upon correspondence, stating the
amount of free mail matter as being more than nine-
tenths of every thing that passed throngh the mail,
m weight, and was proceeding to give a history of
the falling off of its revenue, which was brought
about by the same state of things as destroyed the
revenue of the British post office, previous to the re-
form in that country, when he was again called
to order, and the Chair decided he was out of
order, from which he took an appeal, and the
House overruled the decision of the Chair, and
he was permitted to go on. He said he did not
intend to travel out out of the record; if he was out of
order, other members had been more so upon al-
most every bill that had discussed—instances of
which had been presented within the last two days,
by the honorable and distinguished member from
North Carolina, [Mr. Rayner,] and his colleague
[Mr. Mitrphv,] both of whose speeches had but lit-
tle reference to the subje«t under debate. He was
aware of the anxiety of the House to get on with
business; and he would say to his friends who were
anxions that he should proceed, that he would not
intrude up the courtesy of the House, to the mem-
bers of which he was under obligations for permit-
ting him to proceed against the decision of the Chair.
He had never taken up the time of the House in
making Buncombe speeches; lie only wanted to
show, by contrasting this act with that of Great Bri-
tain, that it would not prove a revenue measure:
which he proceeded to do.
It was a measure that he and his constituents felt
a deep interest in, and as it had been adopted upon
the ground that the department war. to create its own
revenues, which he feared it would not do, and
which would cause those opposed to reform to come
back here and claim that the falling off was in conse-
quence of too great a reduction in the rates of post-
age; instead of which the reduction was not sufti-
ciently great to restoSre the whole correspondence of
the country to the mails, and at the same time in-
duce such an increase as would maintain the reve-
nue. He would have proposed a three cent raze for
fifty miles, and a five cent rate for five hundred
miles, over that ten eents; but was prevented from
offering an amendment to that effect, fearing that
any amendment to the bill would endanger its loss
in the Senate. It would be with the view of main-
taining the revenue only, that he would propose
those rates; discarding revenue, ho would much p- -
fer a uniform low postage for all distances. If the
department should become a permanent tax upon
the treasury, it would have no terrors for him. Du-
ties collected upon imported goods were added to the
cost of the goods, and paid by the consumer. He
argued that the business correspondence of the coun-
try was charged upon articles of trade, and paid the
consumer; hence the poorer classes paid the great
proportion of the business postage as directly as if
it was paid from duties collected upon goods. At
the same time they were debarred the benefit of a
cheap postage. He was proceeding to show the
evils of liign postage in England, and the blessings
of a cheap postage there as well as here, upon our
social and political relations, when the term allotted
to him expired.
Mr. McKAY then made some remarks in reply to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Darragh,]
in relation to the two unpaid instalments of the Mexi-
can indemnity, denying that the money had been
received by our government. He also supported
the amendment of the Senate reducing the mission
to Austria to a charge. He concluded by moving
that the committee rise, with the view of offering a
resolution in the House to terminate the debate.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS COMPLETE.
A message was received from the President of the
United States by the hands of John Tyler, jr., esq.,
his private secretary, announcing that the President
had approved and signed certain bills. He also an-
nounced that the President had approved and sign'
ed certain joint resolutions for annexing Texas to
this Union.
[Assosnasthe announcement was made, aloud
burst of plaudits pealed through the House, which
were with difficulty suppressed.]
APPROPRIATION BILL.
The committee having resumed the appropria-
tion bill, the motion to rise was agreed to.
The committee then rose and reported progress
on the civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr. McKAY submitted a resolution to terminate,
debate in five minutes on that bill ivhen the House
shall again go into committee thereon; and on that
he moved the previous question; which was sus-
tained by the House, and the resolution was agreed
to.
The House again resolved itself into committee
on the civil1 and diplomatic appropriation bill, (Mr.
Saunders in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the amendment on which the committee was
engaged when it last rose.
Mr. HOLMES and Mr. HOUSTON made some
remarks; the latter gentleman more particularly on
the subject of the Mexican indemnities.
The committee then concurred in the amendment
of the Senate by which the Austrian mission was re-
duced.
