CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
General Macomb: also, the $8,000 in addition to
the $40,000 appropriated last session for the China
mission: also, the regulation of the public printing
hereafter: also, ilie $i250 for the arrearage of pay to
the superintendent of the Poit Office Department:
also, the amendment relative to Mr. Botts, contest-
ing the seat of Mr. Jones. This was all, with the
exception of some Senate amendments disagreed to
by the House, but which the conferees agreed to re-
tain. They had agreed upon extending the time of
limitation within which accounts against thegovern-
ment are to be reopened by the accounting officers of
the treasury, from 3 to 6 years; and the House con-
ferees then agreed that the provision should not ex-
tend to private bills for relief passed by both Houses
of Congress; they had compromised the amendment
raising the allowance for certain surveys from $10,-
000 to §84,000, by agreeing upon $15,000; they had
agreed to the amendment of the senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Benton,] relative to the Mexican in-
demnity, with a proviso that the money is not to be
paid unless it was received, in good money, by a
properly-authorized agent of the government. These
were all the amendments that required explanation.
The report was concurred in.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the Senate then took
up the Indian appropriation bill-the question pend-
ing being on his amendment, [heretofore stated—see
Saturday's proceedings.]
Mr. E. moved to amend the amendment by an
additional provision. Under the contract, it was
said, some twelve or thiiteen hundred Indians bad
been removed, or were now on their way. They
have a right to one year's subsistence. The amend-
ment would secure it to them.
Mr. "WALKER had no objection to the amend-
ment to the amendment; but had to the whole
amenment.
Mr. SEVIER hoped the senator from Maine
would withdraw the whole amendment.
Mr. EVANS could not consent to that.
The amendment to the amendment was then
adopted.
T he question now recurred on the amendment as
amended; and on that question
Mr. WALKER demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The sublet was debated at gieat length by
Messrs. SEVIER, WALKER, EVANS, 'CRIT-
TENDEN, JARNAU1N, BUCHANAN, and
HUNTINGTON.
After which the vote was taken, anil resulted—
yeas 20, nays 21, as follows:
YEAS—Mesbi-h. Archrr, Baj-uul, Berrien, Clayton, Col-
quitt, Dflytuu, K\uus, Kuji lirh), Jlnywood, Huntington,
Jarnagm, i\]cDulHt\ MiJlm, Nilcs, I'mln, H^vier, Tttppan,
Uphani, White, ami W'nodhrulge
NAiS — MoKsi'n A iiley, Muuson, \thetton, tta^hj.Thu-
row, Benton, Buchanan, ChoHto, Ciittundon, Dickinson,
Dix, Francis, ilaniiej'an, Ilewloraon, Huger, Johnson,
Lewis, JVhngum, Moielicad, Stm-goon, ami Walker—'21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. EVANS n«w moved an amendment restrain-
ing the further issue of scrip to the Indians, and or-
dering the money to be vested at five per cent, for
their benefit.
Mr. WALKER wished to record his vote m
favor of discontinuing the plan of paying the In-
dians with scrip—a plar, he had always opposed.
He called for the yeas and nays; which were or-
dered.
The question was then taken on this amendment,
and resulted—yeas 31, nays 2, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Ashley, Atchison, Athyrton, Ben-
ton, Beirien, Breese, Buchanan, Choate, Clayton, Dayton,
Dickinson, Dix, K.vyit-^, Kaitlield, Francis, Huger, Hunting-
ton, Jarnagin, Johnson, Lewis, More-head, Niles, Phelps,
Porter, Sevier, Stuii^eon, Tampan, T'pham, Walker, and
Woodbudge—31.
NA1 Haywood and lloiid-Mhoii
So it was adopted.
The bill was reported back to the Senate, and the
amendments were concurred in.
The bill was then lead a third time and passed.
Mr. WALKER offered a resolution that the
President pro tern, of the Senate be paid out of the
contingent fund of the Senate, the difference between
the pay and mileage he has received since |1JS elec-
tion to the Chair, and the salary of We President
for the same period.
The resolution was read three times and adopted.
Mr. WHITE offered a resolution to pay out of
the contingent fund the usual extra allowance to the
clerks and officers of the Senate.
After a few remarks on the necessity of making ;
, this allowance, the resolution was read three times
and passed—yeas 27, nays 16, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Bagby, Barrow, Bayard, Benton,
Berrien, Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Foster, Francis, Hen-
derson, Huger, Huntington, Johnson, McDuffie, Mangum,
Miller, Morehead Phelps, Porter, Simmons, Sturgeon, Up-
ham, Walker, White, and Woodbridge—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton,
Breese, Dickinson, Dix, Evans, Fairfield. Hannegan, Hay-
wood, Lewis, Niles, Sevier, Tappan,and Woodbury—16.
NATURALIZATION AND ELECTION FRAUDS.
Mr. BERRIEN presented a report from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, in reply to the memorials
of sundry citizens, asking for an investigation into
the frauds alleged to have been committed upon the
naturalization laws of the United States. He moved
that it be laid on the table and printed.
Mr. ARCHER moved that 5,000 extra copies be
printed.
Mr. DICKINSON desired to know what was the
character of the report before he consented to the
adoption of such a motion.
Mr. BERRIEN said that this report was supple-
mental to the bill hitherto reported from the com-
mitteo making alterations in the present naturaliza-
tion laws of the United States. It embraced the
testimony which the committee had, by authority of
the Senate, authorized commissioners in the princi-
pal seaboard towns to take.
Mr. DICKINSON said there was much feeling
upon the subject of this report throughout the coun-
try. It miglit contain reflections upon the people
of New York, and he hud nothad, and would not have,
time to examine it. It was manifest, too, that the
propositions contained in the report could not be
entertained at this late period of the session.
Mr. SEVIER asked for the yeas and nays upon
the motion. He was opposed to the printing of an
extra number of copies of a report which he had not
had time to examine.
Mr.,ARCHER said that after the question of the
annexation of Texas, no subject more largely agita-
ted the public mind than that which was embraced
in this report. A large number of people had com-
pluined of grievances which they had to submit to
by the violation of our naturalization laws. The
Senate yielded to the desire for an inquiry, and au-
thorized the Judiciary Committee to investigate the
subject. That committee, having performed their
duty, now made a report, the printing of which
was objected to. How would senators, who had
agreed to this investigation, stand before the people,
in opposing the printing of an extra number of
copics of this document? He thought that he was
moderate in asking for only 5,000 extra copies of a
document which should go everywhere, and be
read by the people in every section of the coun-
try.
Mr. BERRIEN said that ho would briefly state
the purport of the report which was now proposed
to be printed. It ascertained unquestionably the
existence of frauds upon the naturalization laws of
the country—frauds in obtaining papers of naturali-
zation, and frauds in voting at elections. These
frauds, however, he would my were not confined to
any one State. They were not confined to New
York; nor in New York were they confined to either
one of the great political parties. The testimony
taken by commissioners, and embodied in this re-
port, he considered necessary to aid Congress in its
future investigations of the subject,
Mr. SEVIER said he objected to the printing of
a document like this m such haste, and before there
was time for senators to see it. He understood that
the commissioners appointed by the Committee on
the Judiciary to take depositions were all, with one
exception, active politicians, and leading men of the
party opposite to that which he belonged to. It
seemed as if these men had been appointed to hunt
over the country for materials for an indictment
against the democratic party; and yet gentlemen
asked for the printing of 5,000 extra copies of their
report, which he had not seen. He appealed to the
magnanimity of the senator from Virginia to say
whether, if the case were reversed, lie would vote for
such a motion. When he saw a document pre-
pared altogether by whigs and natives, one democrat
excepted, and doubtless embracing a mass of exparte
testimony, he could not consent blindly to endorse
it by causing the printing of an extra number of
copies.
Mr. WALKER remarked that he should like to
hear the report read before he voted to print.
Air. DICKINSON wished to call the attention of
the country to the fact that the question of printing
and circulating this report was not raised until the
afternoon of the last day of the session. He did
_ not believe that the Committee on the Judiciary had
' any unfair design in so doing, but he wished to call
public attention to the fact, that this report was pre-
sented to the Senate, when there was not time to
examine and point out its errors. The senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Berrien,] said it was designed
to benefit Congress in its investigations; was it,
he asked, necessary to sow the intelligence it con-
tained broadcast, in order to benefit Congress?
Senators might say that he and others who opposed
the printing, were opposed to having light on this
subject; but such was not the fact. He only want-
ed an opportunity to point out the defects and errors
of the report; for it was a maixim in the courts that
one side of any case was very good until the other
was made out. He did not wish to issue, under the
authority of the Senate, a large edition of this re-
port and evidence which might have come from a
star chamber. The commissioners appointed to
take evidence had, he thought, abundant time,
since the 1st of January, when they were chosen,
to have .made their report before this late period of
the session of Congress. He entered his protest,
therefore, against the motion of the honorable sen-
ator.
Mr. WOODBURY moved to lay the motion to
print on the table, but withdrew his motion at the
request of
Mr. BARROW, who said he was surprised at
the opposition which was made to the motion to
print. He had introduced the resolution under
which the Committee of the Judiciary weie autho-
rized to take testimony, and there was no opposi-
tion to it. It then seemed to be regarded by all that
the question of the alleged evasion of the naturaliza-
tion laws was a legitimate subject of inquiry. The
senator from New York, [Mr. Dickinson,] as well
as others on both sides of the Senate, seemed anx-
ious to adopt measures to prevent frauds when they
should be ascertained to exist. This, then, being
the desire of every one, testimony was oidercd to be
taken in New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and
New Orleans, in order to show whether frauds had
been committed. He had not examined the report.
It was short; but there was the testimony, which
must be good testimony. It must have been taken
in proper form before the courts in the several cities,
and of course be fair. Were this, however, an elabo-
rate partisan report, there might be some reasonable
objection to its printing; but, as it was, he could see
none whatever.
Mr. BERRIEN remarked that he did not origi-
nate the resolution under which the Committee on
the Judiciary were authorized to institute tins inves-
tigation. JHe did not wish the subject referred to
that committee, because he knew the labor whkh
was x-equired for its investigation. As at first adopt-
ed, it referred the matter to the committee, and gave
power to send for persons and papers. Afterwards,
testimony was authorized to be taken by commis-.
sion. In selecting the men who composed these
commissions, it was difficult to find out who would
undertake to inquire into the alleged frauds. He
had chosen the men with care, and when their names
should be known to senators, he was suio rio one
would say that they would perveit their tiusts to
thepuiposes of party. It was impossible for the
committee to make their report earlier, because they
did not receive the testimony taken by these com-
missioners in time. He therefore desired the sena-
tor from New York to withdraw the imputation he
had made of delay on the part of the Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. DICKINSON explained. He did not design
in any manner to impute anything to the Committee
on the Judiciary, for whom be entertained the kind-
est feelings; but he still did not see why the com-
missioners so long delayed their report. All were
desirous of preventing frauds; but befoie such a re-
port as this was ordered to he. printed, he, desired
time to examine it. He therefore moved to lay the
motion on the table.
The question was taken on the motion to lay the
motion to print on the table, and decided in the
negative as follows:
YFAS— Alien, Ashiey. AtcL.son, Atherton, Ben-
ton. Dreese, iinrhaiiai) Dickinson, Dix FairlieM, iLliuip^an,
Ha} w ooil, I.pu i*, .MeDultk', N'i'i'-i, Suntplb, Soviet, Sturgeon^
Tappan, Walker, and Wooiibui}—j'
NAYS—Messrs Ariher, Bartow, Bayard, Beirien Choate,
Cla} ton, Ciittemlen, Dajton. K\ans. Fostei, i-'rancjs, Heri
dei^on, Huntington. JaniHgm, .Johnson, Miller, .\IoreheyiI
Phelps, Porter, Simmons, Upham, White and tfoodbridge—
