CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
YEAS—Messrs. Barrow, Berrien, Clayton, Crittenden,
Dayton, Evans, Francis, Huntington, Jamagin, Lewis, Mc-
Duffie, Mangnm, Miller, Morehead, Niles, Phelps, Simmons,-
Upham, ana White—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, Colquitt, Dickinson, Dix, Hannegan,
Haywood, Henderson, Huger, Johnson, Porter, Semple, Se
vier, Tappan, Walker, Woodbrjdge, and Woodbury—22.
Mr. CRITTEN DEN offered an amendment ap-
propriating $100,000 for the improvement of the
Ohio river above the falls of Louisville, and $240,000
for its improvement below the falls.
This proposition gave rise to a long debate in
which Messrs. CRITTENDEN, PORTER, SE-
VIER, WOODBRIDGE, WHITE, DIX, DICK-
INSON, ARCHER, BERRIEN, EVANS, HAN-
NEGAN, WOODBURY, MOREHEAD, HUNT-
INGTON, and BARROW participated. The
amendment was objected to by several senators, on
the ground that the army bill was not the appropri-
ate place for it, and that its adoption would defeat
the harbor bill.
Mr. DICKINSON moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding an appropriation of $100,000 for the
improvement of the navigation of Hudson river: re-
jected.
Mr. HANNEGAN offered an amendment appro-
priating $2:25,000 for the extension of the Cumber-
land road in the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
one third in each.
This was rejected by the following vote:
YEAS— Messrs. Allen, Bveose, Buchanan, Hannegan, Jar-
licigm, Suinple, Stuigeou. Tappan, and White—9.
NAYS—Met;sis. .Archer, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton,
Bagby, Barrow, Bayard, Benton, Harriett, Choate, Clayton,
Colquitt, Crittenden, Duyton, Dickinson, Djx, Kvans, * air-
field, Francis, Hoy wood, Huntington, Johnson, i.ewis, Mc-
Duftie, Manhunt, Miller, Moiuhoad, Nile*, Phelps, Porter,
Sevier, Simmons, Upham, Walker, and Woodlmdejc—83.
Mr. JARNAGIN moved an appropriation of
$5,000 for the improvement of the navigation of
.Tennessee liver: rejected.
Mr. MOREHEAD offered an amendment appro-
priating $5,500 for the purchase of additional ground
adjoining the barracks at Newport, Kentucky: le-
jected.
Mr. BUCHANAN hoped that senatorti would
not embarrass the bill by ollering more amend-
ments.
The, question was taken on Mr. Ckittknden's
amendment, (temporarily withdrawn by him, but
renewed by Mr. Harrow,) and resulted as fol-
lows:
YKA8-Mi'sus. Allen. Atelier, Ashley, Atchison, ISai-
row, Bayard. Benton, Beriieli, liieese, Buchanan, ('ritteu-
den, Hanutigait, liendi'imwi, Johnson, Mnnfcum, Menick,
Moieheud, S«n irr, Tappim, Walker, mul White—*21,
NAYS- Messrs Atherton. Hugh) , Cliootc, Clayton, Col-
ouitt, Ddj Ion, Dickinson, Dix, Kvuns, Kan Held, hraneis,
Haj wood, Huntington, Jainngin, l^wi*. MeOuitio, Miller,
Niles, Phelps, Porter, Semple, himmotiR, Uplmm, Wood-
bridgo, and Woodbtuj --'2.).
Mr. OIUTTKNDEN moved to add i\ scction np-
propriating $(>4,000 to the State of Virginia for
money expended by her to satisfy judgments for
commutation pay, and authorized by the act of
1832.
Mr. EVANS opposed the amendment on the
ground that lie was unwilling to pay Virginia until
the claims of Maine and Massachusetts should be
satisfied.
Mr. ARCHER advocated the appropriation.
The claim was one authorized to bo paid long since,
but not paid because of a deficicncy m the appropri-
ation.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON moved an appropriation of
$25,000 for the erection of barracks at Pass Chris-
tian, Mississippi.
Mr. EVANS protested against further amend-
ments, as the hour was late.
Mr. SEVIER contended that the Congress might
sit till 12 o'clock to-morrow.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ARCHER moved'to increase the amount for
armament of fortifications from $100,(100 to $200,-
000: rejected.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to add $1,000 to the
appropriation for the pay of the army, so as to in-
clude an additional insjtector general.
Mr. EVANS opposed the amendment, and it was
rejected.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and all
the amendments made in committee of the whole
were agreed to.
Mr. EVANS moved that the appropriation of
$20,000 for an~armory at fort Massac be stricken
out.
Mr. BREESE opposed and Mr. McDUFFIE
sustained the motion.
The motion was concurred in by the following
vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Atherton, Barrow,, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Day toil, Evans, Fairfield, Fos-
ter, Francis, Hannegan, Huntington, Jarnaein, McDuftie,
Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Simmons,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Upham, and "White—27
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Bagby, Benton,
Breese, Colquitt, Dickinson, Dix, Haywood, Henderson,
Johnson, E'oiter, Semple, Sevier, Walker, and Woodbu-
ry—17.
Mr. ASHLEY offered an amendment appropria-
ting $50,000 for the erection of a fire proof building
for the Warand Navy Department.
Mr. EVANS hoped it would not be adopted, as
the question had been settled once this session.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was then ordered to its third reading; and,
having been read a third time, was passed.
arabian horses.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives stating that they had passed a joint res-
olution to authorize the President to dispose of the
Arabian horses presented to one of the American
consuls, by the Imaum of Muscat. Amid much
laughter, the resolution was read and adopted.
Mr. ATCHISON moved to take up the bill for
the establishment of certain post roads.
Mr. BUCHANAN inquired if there was not ano-
ther appropriation bill yet to be disposed of.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE replied that there was—the
harbor bill.
post routes.
Mr. Atchison's motion prevailed, and the bill
establishing certain post routes was taken up, with
amendments proposed by the Post Office Com-
mittee.
Mr. SEVIER said he supposed the amendments
had been carefully examined.
Mr. WHITE asked it anything was struck out
of the original bill.
Mr. MERRICIC replied in the negative.
The, amendments were adopted.
The bill was then reported, read a third time, and
passed.
postage bill.
On motion by Mr. MERRlClt, the joint resolu-
tion fn m the llouee postponing the 0|>eration of the
postage bill to the 1st July, was taken up, road a
thud time, and passed.
i.nouT. Fremont's expedition.
On motion by Mr. MOREHEAD, the resolution
relative to the printing of 5,000 copies of Lieutenant
Fremont's report of his expedition over the Rocky
mountains, was taken up.
Mr. SEVIER asked was it necessary.
Mr. BUCHANAN, at this late hour of the night,
could not say what he intended to say. He had
watched with interest the progress of this young
gentleman, (Lieut. Fremont,) and was satisfied he
was a young gentleman of extraordinary merit,
great energy and ability to serve the country. He
deserved encouragement. He should, therefore,
move to increase the number of copies to be printed
from 5,000 to 10,000.
The question was then taken oil printing 10,000
copies, and it was agreed to.
The navy appropriation bill, returned from the
House with dissent to some of the Senate amend-
ments, was taken up; and the Senate receded from
the amendments not concurred in by the House.
the vetoed bill.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the bill in
relation to revenue steam cutters, with the veto mes-
sage of the President of the United States, was ta-
ken up, the question recurring, Shall the bill pass.
Mr. CRITTENDEN hoped the question would
be voted upon solemnly and without debate. He
hoped the veto would be overruled.
Mr. HUNTINGTON considered that the objec-
tions made by the President relied entirely tipon a
mere philological criticism.
The vote was then taken, and resulted—yeas 41,
nay ], as foil ows:
YKAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Ashley. Atchison, Athor
ton, llagby, Bariow, Bajard, Berrien, "Buchanan, Choate,
Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton, Dickinson, I)ix, Evans, Fair,
fielu, Foster, Francis, Hannegtui, Haywood, Henderson,
Huntington. Jarnagin, Johnson, Mangum, Miller, Morehead,
Niles, Pheljis, Porter, Semple, Simmons, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Fpham, Walker, White, Woodbrldge, and Woodbury—-Jl.
NAY— Mr Colquitt—1.
So the bill was passed, the President's veto not-
withstanding.
HARBOR BILL.
On motion of Mr. WOODBRIDGE, the bill ma-
king appropriations for the improvements of certain
rivers and harbors, was taken up as in committee of
the "Whole, the question pending being on the
amendments recommended by the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. WOODBftlDGE explained at length the
nature of the amendments, and the necessity of
adopting them.
Mr. BUCHANAN here rose, and observed that
his honorable from Michigan must decide between
the adoption of these amendments and die loss of
his bill.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said he felt deeply sensible
of that; he was fully aware of the difficulties and
embarrassments of his situation; but he had been
situated precisely in the same manner last year.
He had at that,time been instructed to move similar
amendments, but, fearing they might endanger the
bill, had ventured on ttie responsibility of disobey-
ing the order of the committee. He would not en-
counter that responsibility on this occasion. But he
would say to the Senate that if they refused to act
upon their own judgment respecting measures sub-
mitted to them by members of their own body, but
turned their eyes continually on the other branch of
the legislature, and regulated their conduct by the
chances of success elsewhere, not only the dignity,
but the power of the Senate as a distinct and inde-
pendent branch of the government would soon
dwindle away and perish, and this exalted body
would soon have no other duty to perform than to
register the edicts of a committee of the House of
Representatives. Should these amendments be
adopted, and the other House should disagree to
them, the bill might still be saved by the Senate's
receding from its amendments.
Mr. BUCHANAN reminded the Senate that it
was now a quarter past 10 o'clock; the harbor bill
contained many items of great importance to the
country, and he trusted that his worthy friend from
Michigan would not risk its safety for a mere ignis
fatmis. He had much better consent to wait till
next year, when perhaps the same difficulty might
not exist. If, however, the gentleman was resolved
to persist, he washed his hands of the consequences."
Mr. EVANS said he hoped the honorable senator
from Michigan would persist and get a vote on his
amendment. Mr. E. had had ail approjiriation for
his own State, which had been delayed too long; yet
he was now told that he must wail still longer, or
the bill might be lost. To him it seemed very ex-
traordinary that such apprehensions should be en-
tertained. This harbor bill lost in the House of
Representatives! Why, this was pre-eminently the
favorite bill of the House; it had postponed all the
appropriation bills to take up this. Mr. E. was not
to be frightened this way. If the apprbpriation bills
failed, the government must stop for the want of
means to carry it on; but should this harbor bill not
become a law, the government, he presumed, would
still continue.
Mr. SEVIER said that he had endeavored to get
some of the items kept out of this bill wluch still ap-
peared there, and he would now thank the senator
from Michigan to tell him how many of these items
the President had vetoed. Where they not moie
than half of the whole number?
Mi. WOODBRIDGE replied that he believed
there were some items of that description in the
bill.
Mr. SEVIER thought they amounted to three -
fourths of the whole. The tail of the kite was a
great deal longer than the kite itself.
The question was now taken on all the amend-
ments together reported from the Committee on
Commerce, and decided m the negative—ayes 11,
noes not counted.
Mr. JOHNSON made an effort to add two other
amendments, one appropriating $20,000 forfortPont-
chartrain, and another of $50,000 for completing the
marine hospital at New Orleans, but they were both
rejected—ayes 10, noes not counted.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, when
Mr. EVANS moved again the amendments from
the Committee on Commerce, but they were nega-
tived without debate, by yeas and nays—yeas 11,
nays 26:
YEAS—Messrs. Atherton, Dayton, Evans. Fairfield. Hay-
wood, Huntington, Jarnagm, Miller, upham, tVooubndge,
and Woodhnrj —11.
NAYS—Messrs Allell, Aicher, Ashley, Atehi<.'ull, ,
Barrow, Bayard, Berrien, Bieese, Buchanan, ( iioate, (. rit-
tenden, Dickinson, Dix, Foster, Hannegan, Henderson,
