CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
was only temporary. And why? Because twenty-
tbree millions of specie had been imported, and the
imports of specie were twenty million® beyond the
exports, a fact which had never happened before.
Down to the year 1842 the amount of specie ex-
ported was equal to that imported. The general
imports of 1843 amounted to fifty millions, over
twenty of which consisted of specie. What was
the natural result' The importation of so much
specie naturally produced a proportional expansion
of the currency. The banks discounted freely, and
wereactually begging planters to borrow money on
their coming crops. The twenty millions of specie
imported^ produced fifty millions of circulating me-
dium. This raised the prices of produce, and gave a
great stimulus to imports, and accordingly the next
year we had a great and unparalleled increase of rev-
enue. But this was not to be counted on as a permanent
thing. It was subject to fluctuation and to reaction,
like the motions of a pendulum; and he would venture
to predict that the imposts of next year would be
less by eight millions than they had been during the
past eight months. Under these circumstances, and
under this state of things, it was, that the Senate
were called upon to make a more extravagant ap-
propriation for works of internal improvement than
they had ever done before, and that, too, by his
democratic friends. He entreated them to look at
the condition of the revenue, and not to bring us
back into the disgraceful position we had once been
reduced to, of hawking about our degraded bonds
in the money-markets of Europe, and suffering the
national humiliation of seeing American securities,
bearing on their face an interest of six per cent.,
contemptuously refused, while English bonds sold
readily with an interest of but three.
The question was then taken on reading the bill
a third time, and decided in theaftimative—yeas 27,
nays 11, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atolnson, Barrow, Buy
aril, Benton, Buchanan, Olioato, Crittenden, Dayton, Dick-
inson, Dix, Foster, Francis, Hannegau, Ilaywood, .Johiihon,
Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Semple, Simmons, Stur-
geon, Upliam, White, and YVoodbiidge—^7.
NAYS—Messrs. Atherton, liagby, Berrien, F.vanx, Fair-
field, Hiiger, Jarnagin, Lewis, McDuilie, Niles, and "Wood-
bury—117
Mr. FOSTER proposed that the Senate now go
into executive session.
Mr. CRITTENDEN thought it would be better
to get through the business that remained, and leave
the executive session to the last hour.
Mr. EVANS reminded the Senate that they had a
whole week, or two or three weeks for executive
business yet before them, so that there could he no
nr.ressity for pressing It now.
Mr. WALKER said that there was executive
business before the Somite which ought to be com-
pleted before the adjournment.
Mr. BENTON hoped the Senate would continue
their business. Was there any nominee of the pres-
ent administration, he asked, who was afraid to let
his nomination lie over? Did the gentleman want
to take a snap-judgment before the new President
came into offiae? If there be such a one, (said Mr.
B.,) and I was Captain Polk, 1 would knock him in
the head. If there be any gentleman now in nomi-
nation who is not content to serve under Captain
Polk, let him take his chance for a renomination.
Yes, let him take his chance; but let us have no
snap-judgments and no midnight combinations. He
thought the country had had quite enough of them
already in days past. They were not in odor with
the American people.
The question on the motion to go into executive
session was decided in the negative.
Mr. BENTON then rose and said he seized a
moment when the President of the Senate was out
of the chamber to offer a resolution, which he was
very sure would meet the hearty response of every
gentleman on that floor; and he thereupon offered
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the thanks of the Senate be presented to
the Hon. Willie. P. Mascvm for the ability and impartiality
with which he has discharged the duties of Piesident/>iv>
tempore of the Senate.
Mr. MILLER offered a resolution similar to that
adopted in relation to the incumbent of the Chair,
namely, that the same allowance be made to the rep-
resentatives of the late S. Southard, for the time he
served as President pro tern, of the Senate, being the
difference between his pay and mileage and the sal-
ary of Vice President.
Mr. TAPPAN objected.
The following House bills and joint resolutions
were then taken up, considered, and passed:
An act for the relief of March Farrington.
A joint resolution to pay a balance due Shawnee
Indians employed in the Florida war.
Two supplementary acts to the, act admitting the
States of Florida and Iowa into the Union.
An act for the relief of Thomas Bronaugh.
An act for the relief of Harvey & Slagg.
An act for the relief of Elisha Morrml, adminis-
tor of Joseph Icard, deceased.
An act for the relief of Daniel Homans.
An act for the relief of Edward A. Lambert.
An act for the relief of John E. Wright.
An act providing payment for the military service
in Florida.,
An act regulating commercial intercourse with the
islands of Miguelon and St. Pierre.
An act for the continuation and improvement of
certain roads in the Territory of Wisconsin.
" An act for the relief of Philip Schwartzbrawber,
of Ohio.
An act for the relief of William Rich.
An act making appropriations for certain improve-
ments in the Territory of Iowa.
An act to continue certain harbor improvements
in the Territory of Wisconsin.
An act for the relief of the legal representati ves o
Daniel Mitchell.
An act for the relief of Isaac Allen.
An act for the relief of Dunning R. McNair.
An act for the relief of John H. Mcintosh.
On motion of Mr. MOREHEAD, the resolution
offered by Mr. Miller in relation to the late S.
Southard, senator from New Jersey, and some time
President pro ton., was taken up, read three times,
and passed.
The usual resolution was then adopted, appoint-
ing a committee on the part of the Senate to accom-
pany the House committee and wait on the Presi-
dent of the United States, to inform him that Con-
gress was now ready to ad journ.
The committee was named, and proceeded to the
duty imposed upon it.
Shortly after, Mr. SEVIER, on behalf ofthe com-
mittee, returned and announced that the President
had no further communications to make, and had
wished the members of the 28th Congress all
health and happiness in retiring from their arduous
duties.
Mr. MANGUM, President pro lem. of the Senate,
then lose and iichlieased the Senate as follows:
Genti.emkn op the Senatk: Being about to ter-
minate the official relations that have existed between
us for nearly three years past, and perhaps to sepa-
rate from some of you forever, I cannot permit this
moment to pass without giving utterance to the feel-
ings which have deeply impressed me with the uni-
form kindness, liberality, and courtesy, that have
characterized the members of this body, as recorded
in reiterated terms of unanimity; and I must be
permitted to say that the recent unanimous expres-
sions of good will and partiality have overwhelmed
me with sentiments beyond the formal consideration
of a friend and associate. They deserve from me a
return of affection and gratitude.
If the high and responsible duties of the honora-
ble station which your partiality has assigned to me
have been performed with a due regard to the pub-
lic honor and interest, and to the satisfaction of my
brother senators, it has been owing to the ready and
effective support uniformly extended to the presi-
ding officer by them, and to that individual courtesy
for which this elevated body has ever been distin-
guished.
Having terminated the business, I cannot close
the session without giving expression to my, most
earnest and cordial wishes for the continued health,
prosperity, and happiness of every individual mem-
ber, and that each may meet the embraces of his
family m the enjoyment of the same blessings.
I now perform the last official act of the session
by adjourning the Senate siw die.
The Senate then (at half-past two o'clock at night)
adjourned sine die.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mondav, March 3, 184$
The journal having been read, several of the
standing committees, by general consent, made re-
ports.
Mr. McKAY asked leave to introduce a resolu-
tion declaring, as the sense of the House, that, in
passing the resolution at the last session directing
the Clerk to furnish the members with certain
books, it was not intended to confine him to pur-
chases from the publishers of the books; but that it
was intended that he should procure them from any
person or persons who would furnish them at the
lowest prices.
This resolution was objected to, and it was not re-
ceived.
Mr. BOWLIN, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the bill from the Senate for
the relief of the heirs of William D. Cheever, de-
ceased, reported the same without amendment; and
it was then referred to the Committee of the Whole '
on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOLMES, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the bill from the Sen-
ate in relation to the mode of appointing officers in
the revenue marine service, reported the same with-
out amendment.
Mr. WILLAMS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the bill from the Sen-
ate for the relief of Noah Miller, of the State of
Maine, reported the same without amendment: it
was referred to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. SAUNDERS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the bill from the
Senate to authorize the Chickasaw nation of Indians
to institute a suit against the United States, reported
the same without amendment; and,
On motion of Mr. SAUNDERS, the same was
put on its passage, and passed.
Reports were further made from the Committee of
Claims by Mr. CHAPPELL.
From the Committee of Ways and Means by
Messrs. RATHBUN and G. DAVIS.
From the Committee on Commerce by Messrs.
J. P. KENNEDY and McCLELLAND.
From the Committee on Public Lands by Mr. J.
W. DAVIS.
Reports were mode from standing committees by
Messrs. BIDLACK, BENTON, J. THOMPSON,
BARNARD, PARMENTER, BARR1NGER, D.
L. SEYMOUR, BRINKERHOFF, OWEN,
HENLEY, PRATT, TAYLOR, DANA, HAR-
PER, ADAMS, RAMSEY, J. STEWART,
PHCENIX, NORRIS, and others, and the stand-
ing committees they represented were discharged
from all the business which had been committed to
them and not hitherto reported upon.
Mr. A. P. STONE offered a resolution to pay Si-
mon Brown, the librarian of the House, the same
pay that was allowed to his predecessor.
Mr. HOPKINS moved an amendment, as a sub-
stitute, to pay Charles Stewart fifty cents per diem
from the commencement of the session for his addi-
tional services in opening and closing the House on
the Sabbath.
The previous question was moved; but on the
question of seconding it, there was no quorum vo-
ting.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved to lay the resolution
on the table; and on that he asked the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON asked for tellers; and Messrs.
Causin and Hopkins were appointed; and they re-
ported 16 in the affirmative, and 54 in the negative
—no quorum voting.
After some conversation between Messrs.
ADAMS, HOPKINS, HAMLIN, A. P. STONE,
and the SPEAKER,
The question was taken on the motion to lay on
the table; and no quorum voting,
Mr. BRINKERHOFF called the yeas and nays.
This was ruled out of order, the yeas and nays
having previously been refused.
The SPEAKER counted the House and ascer-
tained that 135 members—28 more than a quorum 
were in attendance.
Mr. WELLER and Mr. ADAMS called for
another division.
The SPEAKER said there was undoubtedly a
quorum present; as the vote would show if members
would vote.
Mr. WELLER suggested that a quorum would
be found if the Chair would request gentlemen to
vote by rising. They were too lazy to pass be-
tween the tellers. [Laughter.]
The question was once more taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 43, noes 75—a quorum.
So the House refused to lay on the table.
The question recurring on ordering the main
question,
Some conversation, on a point of order arose in
which Messrs. McKAY and ADAMS' partici-
pated.
. Mr" HOPKINS modified his amendment to make
it an addition to the resplution.
