CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
should go into effect, on and after the 1st of July
next, and not sooner.
Objections being made,
Mr. K. moved a suspension of the rules for the
reception of the resolution: carried, ayes 104,
noes 16.
The joint resolution was then three times read,
end passed under the operation of the previous
question.
On motion of Mr. CAUSIN, the 16th joint rule
of the two Houses was suspended in order to send
this resolution to the Senate.
LIGHT-HOUSES.
Mr. JOHN P. KENNEDY said there was a bill
which had passed the Committee of the Whole at
the last session, and which now require for a dis-
posal but a vote of the House. He mo«ed to sus-
pend the rules for the puiwse of taking up the bill
'■authorizing the erection of certain light-nouses.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to suspend the rules.
Mr. C. JOHNSON rose to a privileged question.
He moved to reconsider the vote by which, a few
days since, the report of the Committee on Public
Expenditures, in relation to the charges of extrava-
gance under the administration of Lieut. McLaugh-
lin was ordered to be printed.
Wr. J. explained that his object in moving this
reconsideration wa3, to offer a resolution instructing
the Secretary of the Navy to institute an inquiry in-
to this subject. He had witnessed nothing in his
legislative career so outrageous upon the govern-
ment as this case; and he wished it fully investiga-
ted.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY inquired of Mr. Johnson
if this same subject had not been investigated at the
27th Congress, and fully discussed in the public
journals and before the country. He trusted a con-
troversy of this sort would not be reopened.
Mr. P. B. JOHNSON (a member of the commit-
tee from whom this report was made) said it was
true thut the subject was under consideration at the
2"th Congress; but it was not fully investigated.
He proceeded to make a brief explanation on the
subject, in the course of which he gave, as his opin-
ion, that if the accounts of Lieut. McLaughlin were
honestly settled, ho would be found a debtor of
$14,000 or over to the government.
A further brief conversational debate aroso, in
which Messrs. GRIDER, HARDIN, and HALE,
participated.
Mr. P. B. JOHNSON was proceeding with lii.i
remarks; when
The hour of 3 o'clock having arrived,
The House took a recess to 4 o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The question recurred on reconsidering the vole
by which the report was laid on the table and prim-
ed; and, after come remarks from Mr. P. B. JOHN-
SON, J. P. KENNEDY, and C. JOHNSON,
The motion for reconsideration was carricd under
the operations of the previous question.
The question recurring on tho motion to lay the
report on the table, it was carried; and
The question being put on the motion to print tho
report, it was rejected.
Mr. C.JOHNSON then offered a resolution, that
the Secretary of the Navy be directed to cause a full
investigation to be made into the expenditures of the
Florida squadron under the command of Lieut. J.
T. McLaughlin, and report the same to the next ses-
sion of Congress, with his opinion of the propriety
of the said expenditures, stating the amount ex-
pended, and the amount that would have been neces-
sary.
Objections being made,
Mi-. C. JOHNSON moved to suspend the rules;
which motion prevailing, under tho operation ol the
previous question the resolution was adopted.
On motion by Mr. McK AY, the House resolved_
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Hopkins of Virginia in the chair,)
and took up the Senate's amendments to the Indian
appropriation bill—
On motion of Mr. McIiAY, the said amendments
were agreed to.
On motion by Mr. OWEN, the committee then
took up the bill from the Senate to establish the
Smithsonian institute; and after some remarks from
Mr. ADAMS, Mr. OWEN, and others,
Mr. ADAMS moved that the bill be laid aside;
which was agreed to.
On motion by A. V. BROWN, the committee took
up the bill supplemental to the act to provide for the
admission of Iowa into the Union.
The bill was amended, and then laid aside to be
reported to the House.
On the motion of Mr. McKAY, the committee
next took up the joint resolution from the Senate to
authorize the appointment of additional inspectors at
the port of New Orleans; and having considered it, it
was laid aside to be reported to the House.
On the motion of Mr. McKAY, the committee
rose and reported these bills to the House, where the
amendments made by the Committee of the Whole
were concurred in, and they were read a third time,
and passed.
And the rules were suspended that (he Iowa bill
might be sent to the Senate.
The House then again resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
HorKiN3 in the chair,) and took up, on the motion
of Mr. SAUNDERS, the bill in relation to printing
the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States.
This bill was debated by Mr. SAUNDERS, Mr.
C. JOHNSON, Mr. DAVID L. SEYMOUR, Mr.
PRATT, and others.
Mr. PRATT submitted ail amendment to provide
for the purchase of 30,000 copies of Franklin's jour-
nal for the mechanics of the country.
The vote was taken by Messrs. Dellet and
Saunders, as tellers, and they reported 59 in the
affirmative, and 58 in the negatn u. So the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it be rejected.
On the motion of Mr. GR1NNELL, the commit-
tee next took up the Senate bill to provide for the
transmission of mails between the United States and
foreign countries.
Tlie bill having been read, with the amendment
of the Committee oil the Post Offiite and Post Roads,
the question being taken, the amendment was
adopted.
Mr. CrRINNF.l.L, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, moved an amendment
nuthorizuig tlie Postmaster General, if in his opinion
the public interests require, to make contracts for
not exceeding ten years for the transportation from
place to place m the United Suites by steam, on the
(.iulfof Mexic:), the Mississippi, &,c.: adopted.
The- bill was then laid aside to be reported to the,
House-
Mr. THOMPSON moved to take up the bill to
loguliM the sales of certain lands made at the Colum-
bus and Chocchiinia land offices, Mississippi, (m
favor of the Chickasaw Indians:) rejected—ayes S3,
noes not counted.
Mr. W. HUNT moved to take up the bill for the
relief of the heirs of Robert Fulton.
The motion was decided out of order, the bill be-
ing not m this committee, but in the Committee of
tho Whole House.
FOLRIDA.
On motion of Mr. A. V. BROWN, the bill sup
plemcjitary to the act to provide for the admission
of Florida into the Union, was taken up.
The lull having been road by the Clerk,
Mr DANIEL moved an amendment to reduce
the number of district judges from three to two.
Mr. II. HAMLIN moved to amend the amend-
ment so as to provide but one district judge.
Mr. II. hrielly advocated the amendment.
Mr. A. V. BROWN made some remarks in op-
position to the amendment.
Tho debate was further continued by Messrs.
HAMLIN, RATHBUN, HOLMES, DANIEL,
BAYLY, and DARRAGH.
The CHA1RMAN put the question on the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,]
and it was agreed to; and the amendment as amend-
ed wiu agreed to.
Mr. VINTON submitted an amendment to in-
crease the salaries of the district judges of Ohio,
Illinois, Indiana, and Missouri, to §1,500.
The amendment was debated by Mr. VINTON,
Mr. SAUNDERS, Mr. McDOWELL, Mr. ROB-
ERT SMITH, and Mr. E. J. MORRIS; the
amendment was then agreed to.
The bill was then amended in some unimportant
particulars on the motion of Mr. HAMLIN; and
the salary of the judge was fixed at &2,000 on the
motion of Mr. RATHBUN.
Mr. A. V. BROWN said it would be better to
strike out all the sections of the bill but the two
first, since these amendments had been made, and
leave those in relation to the judiciary of Florida to a
more liberal Congress.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to the
House.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved that the committee
take up the bill for the relief of certain railroad
companies in the State of Michigan.
The vote was taken by Messrs. Slidell and J o-
serh A. Wright, tellers; and they reported 74 in
the affirmative, and 28 in the negative—no quorum
voting.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved that tho committee
rise, and report the bills acted upon.
The CHAIRMAN said such a report could not
be made without a quorum.
Mr. G. W. JONES said there was evidently a
quorum present.
The committee then agreed to rise, and rose ac-
cordingly, and reported progress.
THE SPEAKER.
The Speaker having left the chair, and it being
temporarily occupied by Mr. Boyd—
Mr. WHITE offered the following resolution;
which was unanimously adopted:
Resolved, That the thanks of this House be ten&SMl to
the Hon. John "W. Jonfs for the able, impartial, and digni-
fied manner m w hich he has discharged tlie duties of Speak-
prof this House during the 28thCongress.
ARABIAN HORSES.
Mr. HAMMETT, on leave, introduced a bill to
authorize the sale of two Arabian horses, presented
to the President of the United States by the Imaum
of Muscat; which was three times read, and passed.
On motion of Mr. H., the 16th jomt rule was
suspended, to send this bill to the Senate.
DECISIONS OF THE SUPREME COURT.
The bill just reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, to provide for
the purchase and distribution of the reports of the
decisions of the Supreme Court came up, having
been reported with the recommendation of the com-
mittee that it be rejected.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the bill on
the table, and on this motion asked the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
[A message was received from the President of
the United States, informing the House that he had
approved and signed the bill to provide for the ad-
mission into the Union of Iowa and Florida.]
The question was taken, and the vote stood—yea®
71, nays 68.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had found cor-
rectly enrolled several bills; which received the
signature of the Speaker,
Mr. REDING made a similar report.
Mr. E. J. MORRIS moved that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole House,
for the purpose of taking up the bill for the relief of
the heirs of Robert Fulton, deceased; which motion
was rejected.
Mr. BURKE offered a resolution in the usual
form to suspend debate in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, on the bill to establish
the Smithsonian Institute, in ten minutes after again
going into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved to lay the resolution
011 the table; which motion was decided in the affir-
mative—yeas 85, nays 60.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the rules were sus-
pended, and the House resolved itself into a Com-
mittee of the Whole of the state of the Union.
On the motion of Mr. McKAY, the committee
took up the naval appropriation bill, which came
back from the Senate with certain amendments.
The item of $100,000 for clothing, was reduced to
$60,000 on the motion of Mr. McKay.
Several other amendments were concurred in col-
lectively.
Mr. McKAY stated some objections to an item
appropriating $;25,000 for three marine hospitals, at
Pittsburg, Louisville, and Cleveland.
Mr. POTTER replied.
On this question tellers were ordered, and Messrs.
Slidej-l and Roberts were appointed; and they re-
ported 68 in the affirmative, and 46 in the negative.
So the amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
The next amendment was an additional section
in relation to the publication of advertisements, bemg
proposals for contracts.
Mr. DUNCAN moved, as an amendment, a pro-
vision for the payment to purser Zantzingcr of the
