,p
398
congressional globe.
Two absent, viz: Hon. Isaac C. Bates, of Massa-
chusetts, and Hon. James A. Pearce, of Maryland.
Three vacancies, viz: Virginia, Indiana, and Ten-
nessee.
There were .also present the judges of the Supreme
Court, in their robes; the members of the ex-cabinet,
and the diplomatic corps.
At half-past II o'clock, the Hon. George M.
Dallas, vice-President-elect of the United States,
was introdueed by the Committee of Arrangements,
and, being duly sworn by the President pro
Urn., took the chair as President of the Senate, pur-
suant to the constitution of the United States, and
addressed the Senate as follows:
Senators: In directing the Vice President to pre-
side at the deliberations of this body, the constitu-
tion of our country assigns to him a sphere and a
duty>alike eminent and grateful. Without any of
the cares of real power; with none of the responsi-
bilities of legislation, except in rare conjunctures, he
is associated with the dignified delegates of republi-
can sovereignties: he is posted by the entire Ameri-
can people m your confederated council, partly, it
would seem, as an organ of freedom's fundamental
principle of order, and partly, perhaps, as a mere
symbol of that more popular and "more perfect
union," on which depend the blessings of our
peace, independence, and liberty. His mission,
tranquil and unimposing, is yet noble in its origin
and objects, and happy as weJl as proud in its rela-
tions to you.
No one, gentlemen, can appreciate more highly,
or recognise more deferentially, than does the in-
cumbent of this chair, the powers, privileges, and
rules or forms of the Senate of the United States.
To maintain these, unimpaired and unrelaxed, he
feels to be an official duty, second, in impressive ob-
ligation, only to his constitutional allegiance. To
their exercise the republic owes incalculable good;
and through them has been gradually achieved a
wide-spread fame for wisdom, justice, moderation,
and efficiency, unsurpassed by any assemblage of
statesmen m former or present times. A cairn and
well-adjusted system of action in this chamber, care-
fully devised and steadily pursued by those who have
preceded us in it, has indeed largely contributed to the
undoubted success of our great political experiment.
Instability, haste, procrastination, discourtesy, and
indecision, habitually discountenanced and banished,
leave, in undisturbed supremacy here, the powers
of enlightened reason, and the vigor of practical pa-
triotism. Our country reaps thence solid and sub-
stantial advantages in her policy, institutions, pros
pects, and renown.
The citizen whom it has pleased a people to ele-
vate by their suffrages from the pursuits of private
and domestic life, may best evince his grateful sense
of the honor thus conferred, by devoting his facul-
ties, moral and intellectual, resolutely to their ser-
vice. This I shall do; yet with a diffidence
unavoidable to one conscious that almost every
step in his appointed path is to him new and
untried, and sensible how dangerous a contrast must
occur in the transfer of powers from practised to un-
practised hands. In observing, however, upon this
floor, a number of those experienced and skilful
statesmen on whom the nation justly looks with
pride and reliance, I am assured that there can
be but little danger of public disadvantage
from inadvertencies or mistakes, which their
counsel may readily avert or rectify. And thus,
gentlemen, while aiming, frankly and impar-
tially, to exercise the functions of an unaccustomed
station in the spirit of the constitution, for the en-
larged and lasting purposes of a revered country,
and with sincere good will towards all, I may cher-
ish the encouraging hope of being able, with the as-
sent of an indulgent Providence, at once to perform
my duty and to attract your confidence.
At forty minutes past 11 o'clock, the Hon. James
K. Polk, President elect of the United States, ac-
companied by the ex-President of the United States,
the rloii. John Tyler, was introduced by the com-
mittee of arrangements, and, having bowed to the
assembled Senate, took his seat in front of the desk of
the Secretary of the Senate.
At five minutes before 12 o'clock, the assistant
sergeant-at-arms of the Senate named the order of
procession from the Senate Chamber to the platform
at the east front of the Capitol, and the procession
formed and proceeded accordingly, as follows-
The Marshal of the District of Columbia;
The Supreme Court of the United States;
The Sergeant-at-arms of the Senate;
The Committee of Arrangements;
The President elect, ex-Presidents, the Vice Pres-
ident, and Secretary of the Senate;
The members of the Senate;
The Diplomatic Corps;
The Mayors of Washington, Georgetown, and
Alexandria, and the other persons before admitted on
the floor of the Senate.
On reaching the front of the portico, the President
elect and Chief Justice took the seats provided
for them;
The ex-Presidents, the Committee of Arrange-
ments, and Associate Justices of the Supreme Court,
occupied a position several feet in the rear of the
President elect.
The Vice President, Secretary, and Members of
the Senate, occupied parallel lines next in rear.
The Diplomatic Corps occupied the next posi-
tion; and the space immediately in their rear was as-
signed to the late Speaker, Clerk, and Members of
the Senate and House of Representatives.
The Ladies, and such persons as, by the rules of
the Senate and arrangements of the committee, were
admitted within the Senate chamber, occupied the
steps and the residue of the portico.
The President elect then read the following
INAUGURAL ADDRESS.
Ffjxow-citizens : Without solicitation on my
part, I have been chosen by the free and voluntary
suffrages of my countrymen to the most honorable
and most responsible office on earth. Iam deeply
impressed with gratitude for the confidence reposed
in me. Honored with this distinguished considera-
tion at an earlier period of life than any of my pre-
decessors, I cannot disguise the diffidence with
which I am about to enter on the discharge of my
official duties.
If the more aged and experienced men who have
filled the office of President of the United States,
even in the infancy of the republic, distrusted their
ability to discharge the duties of that exalted station,
what ought not to be the apprehensions of one so
much younger and less endowed, now that our do-
main extends from ocean to ocean, that our peo-
ple have so greatly increased in numbers, and at a
time when so great diversity of opinion prevails in
regard to the principles and policy which should
characterize the administration of our government?
Well may the boldest fear, and the wisest tremble,
when incurring responsibilities on which may de-
pend our country's peace and prosperity, and, in
some degree, the hopes and happiness of the whole
human family.
In assuming responsibilities so vast, [ fervently
invoke the aid of that Almighty Ruler of the uni-
verse, in whose hands are the destinips of nations
and of men, to guard this heaven-favored land
against the mischiefs which, without His guidance,
might erise from an unwise public policy. With a
fir n reliance upon the wisdom of Omnipotence to
sustain and direct me in the path of duty which L
am appointed to pursue, I stand in the presence of
this assembled multitude of my countrymen, to take
upon myself the swlemn obligation, "to the best of
my ability, to preserve, protcct, and defend the con-
stitution of the United States."
A concise enumeration of the piiiieiples which
will guide me in the administrative policy of the
government, is not only in accordance with the ex-
amples set me by all my predecessors, but is emi-
nently befitting the occasion.
The constitution itself, plainly written as it is,
the safeguard of our federative compact, the off-
spring of concession and compromise, binding to-
gether m the bonds of peace and union this great
and increasing family of free and independent
States, will be the chart by which I shall be di-
rected.
It will be my first care to administer the govern-
ment in the true spirit of that instrument, and to as-
sume no powers not expressly grunted or clearly
implied in its terms. The government of the Uni-
ted States is one of delegated and limited powers:
and it in by a strict adherence to the clearly granted
powers, and by abstaining from the exercise of
doubtful or unauthorized implied powers, th.it we
have the only sure guaranty against the recurrence
of those unfortunate collisions between the federal
and State authorities, which have occasionally so
much disturbed the harmony of our system, and
even threatened the perpetuity of our glorious
Union.
"To the States respectively, or to the people,"
have been reserved "the powers not delegated to the
United States by the constitution, nor prohibited by
it to the States.11 Each State is a complete sover-
eignty within the sphere of its reserved powers.
The government of the Union, acting within the
sphere of its delegated authority, is also a complete
sovereignty. While the general government should
abstain from the exercise of authority not clearly-
delegated to it, the States should be equally careful
that, in the maintenance of their rights, they do
not overstep the limits of powers reserved to them.
One of the most distinguished of my predecessors
attached deserved importance to "the support of the
State governments in all "their rights, as the most
competent administration for our domestic concerns,
and the surest bulwark against anti-republican ten-
dencies;" and to the "preservation of the general
government in its whole constitutional vigor, as the
sheet-anchor of our peace at home, and safety
abroad."
To the government of the United States has been
intrusted the exclusive management of our foreign
affairs. Beyond that, it wields a few general enu-
merated powers. It does not force reform on the
States. It leaves individuals, over whom it casts
its protecting influence, entirely free to improve
their own condition by the legitimate exercise of all
their mental and physical powers. It is a common
protector of each and all the States; of every man
who lives upon our soil, whether of native or foreign
birth; of every religious sect, in their worship of the
Almighty according to the dictates of their own con-
science; of every shade of opinion, and the most
free inquiry; of every art, trade, and occupation,
consistent with the laws of the States. And we re-
joice in the general happiness, prosperity, and ad-
vancement of our country, which have been the off-
spring of freedom, and not of power.
This most admirable and wisest system of well
regulated self-government among men, ever devised
by human minds, has been tested by its successful
operation for more than half a century; and, if pre-
served from the usurpations of the federal govern-
ment on the one hand, and the exercise by the States
of powers not reserved to them on the other, will, I
fervently hope and believe, endure for ages to come, •
and dispense the blessings of civil and religious lib-
erty to distant generations. To effect objects so
dear to every patriot, I shall devote myself with
anxious solicitude. It will be my desire to guard
against that most fruitful source of danger to the
harmonious action of our system, which consists in
substituting the mere discretion and caprice of the
executive, or of majorities in the legislative depart-
ment of the government, for powers which nave
been withheld from the federal government by the
constitution. Ry the theory of our government,
majorities rule; but this right is not an arbitrary or
unlimited one. It is a right to be exercised in sub-
ordination to the constitution, and in conformity to
it. One great object of the constitution was to re-
strain majorities from oppressing minorities, or en-
croaching upon their just rights. Minorities have
a right to appeal to the constitution, as a shield
against such oppression.
That the blessings of liberty which our constitu-
tion secures may be enjoyed alike by minorities
and majorities, the executive has been wisely in-
vested with a qualified veto upon the acts of the
legislature. It is a negative power, and is conserva-
tive in its character. It arrests for the time hasty,
inconsiderate, or unconstitutional legislation; invites
reconsideration, and transfers questions at issue be-
tween the legislative and executive departments to
the tribunal of the people. Like all other powers,
it is subject to be abused. When judiciously and
propeily exercised, the constitution itself maybe
saved from infraction, and the rights of all preserved
and protected.
The inestimable value of our federal Union is felt
and acknowledged by all. By this system of unU
ted and confederated States, our people are per-
mitted, collectively and individually, to seek their
own happiness in their own way; and the conse-
quences have been most auspicious. Since the
Union was formed, the number of the States has
increased from thirteen to twenty-eight; two ©f these
have taken their position a<s members of the confed-
eracy within the last week. Our population hap
increased from three to twenty millions. New com-
mumties and States are seeking protection undei
its ajgis, and multitudes from the Old World are
flocking to our shores to participate in its blessings,
Beneath its benign sway, peace and prosperity pie-
vail. Freed from the burdens and miseries of war,
