400
CONGRESSIONAL Gtoil.
agression, as well as the interests of the whole
Union, would be promoted by it.
In the earlier stages of our natisnal existence, the
opinion prevailed with some, that our system of
confederated States could not operate successfully
over an extended territory, and serious objections
have, at different times, been made to the enlarge-
ment of our boundaries. These objections were
earnestly urged when we acquired Louisiana. Ex-
perience has shown that they were not well found-
ed. The title of numerous Indian tribes to vast
tracts of country has been extinguished. New
States have been admitted into the Union. New
Territories have been created, and our jurisdiction
and laws extended over them. ' As our population
has expanded, the Union has been cemented and
strengthened. As our boundaries have been en-
larged, and our agricultural population has been
spread over a large surface, our federative system
has acquired additional strength and security. It
may well be doubted whether it would not be in
greater danger of overthrow, if our present popula-
tion were confined to the comparatively narrow limits
of the original thirteen States, than it is, now that
they are sparsely settled over a more expanded ter-
ritory. It is confidently believed that our system
may be safely extended to the utmost bounds of our
territorial limits; and that, as it shall be extended
the bonds of our Union, so far from being weakened,
will become stronger.
None can fail to see the danger to our safety and
future peace, if Texas remains an independent State,
or becomes an ally or dependency of some foreign
nation more powerful than herself. Is there one
among our citizens who would not prefer perpetual
peace with Texas, to occasional wars, which so of-
ten occur between bordering independent nations?
Is there one who would not prefer free intercourse
with her, to high duties on all our products and
manufactures which enter her ports or cross her
frontiers? Is there one who would not prefer an un-
restricted communication with her citizens, to the
frontier obstructions which must occur if she re-
mains out of the Union? Whatever is good or evil
in the local institutions of Texas, will remaim her
own, whether annexed to the United States or not.
None of the present States will be responsible for
them, any more than they are for the local institu-
tions of each other. They have confederated to-
gether for certain specified objects. Upon the same
principle that they would refuse to form a perpetual
union with Texas because of her local institutions,
our forefathers would have been prevented from
forming our present Union? Perceiving no valid
objection to the measure, and many reasons for its
adoption, vitally affecting the peace, the safety, and
the prosperity of both countries, I shall, on the
broad principle which formed the basis and pro-
duced the adoption of our constitution, and not in
any narrow spirit of sectional policy, endeavor, by
all constitutional, honorable, and appropriate means,
to consummate the expressed will of the people and
gouernment of the United-States, by the reannexa-
tion of Texas to our Union at the earliest practica-
ble period.
Nor will it become in a less degree my duty to as-
sert and maintain, by all constitutional means, the
right of the United States to that portion of our
territory which lies beyond the Rocky mountains.
Our title to the country of the Oregon is "clear
and unquestionable;" and already are our people
preparing to perfect that title by occupying it with
their wives and children. But eighty years ago, our
population was confined on the west by the ridge of
the Alleghanies. Within that period—within
the lifetime, I might say, of some of my hearers—
our people, increasing to many millions, have filled
the eastern valley of the Mississippi; adventurously
ascended the Missouri to its head springs; and are
already engaged in establishing the blessings of self-
government in valleys, of which the rivers flow to
the Pacific. The world beholds the peaceful tri-
umphs of the industry of our emigrants. To us be-
longs the duty of protecting them adequately where-
ever they may be upon our soil. The jurisdiction
of our laws, and the benefits of our republican insti-
tutions, should be extended over them 111 the distant
regions which they have selected for their homes.
The increasing facilities of intercourse will easily
bring the States, of which the formation in that part
of our territory cannot be long delayed, within the
sphere of our federative Union. In the mean time,
every obligation imposed by treaty or conventional
stipulations should be sacredly respected.
In the management of our foreign relations, it
will be my aim to observe a careful respect for the
rights of other nations, while our own will be the
subject of constant watchfulness. Equal and exact
justice should characterize all our intercourse with
foreign countries. All affiances having a tendency
to jeopard the welfare and honor of our country or
sacrifice any one of the national interests, will' be
studiously avoided; and yet no opportnnity will be
lost to cultivates favorable understanding with for-
eign governments, by which our navigation and
commerce may be extended, and the ample prod-
ucts of our fertile soil, as well as the manufactures
of our skillful artisans, find a ready market and re-
munerating prices in foreign countries.
In taking "care that the laws be faithfully exe-
cuted," a strict performance of duty will be exacted
from all public officers. From those officers, espe-
cially, who are charged with the collection and dis-
bursement of the public revenue, will prompt and
rigid accountability be required. Any culpable
failure or delay on their part to account for the
moneys intrusted to them, at the times and in the
manner required by law, will, in every instance, ter-
minate the official connection of such defaulting of-
ficer with the government.
Although, m our country, the chief magistrate
must almost of necessity be chosen by a party, and
stand pledged to its principks and measures, yet,
in his official action, lie should not be the President
of a part only, but of the whole people of the United
States. While he executes the laws with an impar-
tial hand, shrinks from no proper responsibility,
and faithfully carries out in the executive depart-
ment of the government the principles and policy
of those who have chosen him, he should not be un-
mindful that our fellow-citizens who have differed
with him in opinion are entitled to the full and free
exercise of their opinions and judgments, and that
the rights of all are entitled to respect and regard.
Confidently relying upon the aid and assistance
of the co-ordinate departments of the government in
conducting our public affairs, I enter upon the dis-
charge of the high duties which have been assigned
me by the people, again humbly supplicating that
Divine Being who has watched over and protected
our beloved country from its infancy to the present
hour, to continue His gracious benedictions upon
us, that we may continue to be a prosperous and
happy people.
On the conclusion of the address, the oath of office
was administered to the President of the United
States by the Chief Justice.
The Index to the present volume will be made out and sent to subscribers in a few weeks.„gu
