APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong.. ..2d Sess.
Correspondence with Mexico and Texas.
  Dec. 1844.
Senate and H. of Reps,
prior engagement or stipulation with Mexico. We
would, indeed, have been glad, in doing so, to have
acted with the concurrence of Mexico, if circum-
stances had permitted—not because we believed that
she had any rightful claim of sovereignty over
Texas, or that the latter was not competent, of it-
Self, to transfer the full and complete right and title
.ts its territory; but because, in our desire to pre-
serve the most friendly relations with Mexico, we
were disposed to treat har with respect, however un-
founded we believed her claim to Texas to be. It
was in conformity with that desire that the instruc-
tions were given to make the communication to the
government of Mexico, announcing the signature of
the treaty, and our readiness to adjust all questions
which might grow out of it, bGtween the two coun-
tries, on the most liberal terms.
You will also state that you are instructed to pass
over unnoticed the menaces and offensive language
which the government of Mexico has thought
proper to use. It makes a great mistake in sup-
posing that the United Slates can be deterred, by
menaces, from adopting a measure which, after
mature deliberation, they have determined they
have a right to do, and which they believe to lie es-
sential to their safety and prosperity. They are
desirous of peace with Mexico and all other nations;
but they always stand prepared to defend them-
selves, if need be, against any attack to which they
may be subjected in pursuing a line ®f policy
deemed by themselves just and expedient. Nor
can theybe provoked to retort the offensive language
used. The government of the United States is too
mindful of what is due to its own self-r spect and
dignity, to be driven, by any provocation, however
•unwarranted or great, from that deaorum of language
which ought ever to be observed in the official cor-
respondence of independent States. In their estima-
tion, a good cause needs no such support, and a bad
one cannot be strengthened by it.
Prom the failure of the Senate to approve the
treaty of annexation with Texas, it is not deemed
advisable to instruct you to make any overture or
propositions to the government of Mexico in rela-
tion to that subject; but should any disposition be
manifested on its parts to open negotiations, or any
propositions be made in reference to it, you will re-
ceive and immediately transmit them to this depart-
ment.
I am, sir, you obedient servant,
J. C. CALHOUN.
To Wilson Shannon, esq., &c.
Mr. Howard to Mr. Calhoun.
[Extract.J
[confidential.]
Legation of thr United States,
Washington, (Texas,) August 7, 1844.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit, herewith, the
copy of a letter received by me, on yesterday,
from the Hon. Anson Jones, Secretary of Slate,
&c., dated the 6th instant; also copies of several
documents referred to in his communication by the
letters A. and B; besides a copy of a letter to him
from the Secretary of War of this republic; accom-
panying which, will also be found a copy of my
reply to the letter of Mr. Jones.
* * # * * *t
Mr. Jones to Mr. Howard.
Department of State,
Washington, (Texas,) Aug. 6, 1844.
The undersigned, Secretary of State of the repub-
lic of Texas, has the honor to transmit, herewith, fc>
General Howard, charge d'affaires of the United
States near this government, the copy of a communi-
cation from the Hon. G. W. Hill, of this date, with
accompanying documents A and B, containing the
information that Mexico is about to recommence
active hostilities against this country.
The undersigned is aware that General Howard
has already been informed of the efforts making by
General Santa Anna to raise funds in Mexico, and
an army of thirty thousand men, for the subjugation
of Texas; and that troops m considerable numbers
have already been moved towards our southwestern
frontier, under the command of General Canalizo, of
the Mexican army, an officer appointed to carry this
object into effect.
The information now in possession of this gov-
ernment leads the undersigned to the conclusion that
Mexico intends either to renew a system ot predato-
ry warfare against Texas, or else to make a formi-
dable attempt for its conquest; and that; whichever j
alternative she may have concluded to adopt, she
has been induced to her course by the negotiations
pending between Texas and the Unifed States on the
subject of annexation.
In view of these facts, and adverting to the assu-
rances given to this government by General Mur-
phy, charge d'affaires of the United States, on the
14th of February, and by Mr. Calhoun, Secretary
of State, on the 11th of April last, the undersigned,
by direction of his excellency the President, has the
honor to request that General Howard will, as early
as convenient, take the necessary steps to cause to
be carried into effect these assurances, and to ex-
tend to Texas the aid which the present emergency
requires.
The undersigned embraces with great pleasure
this occasion to present to General Howard the
assurances of his distinguished consideration and
regard.
ANSON JONES.
The Hon. Tilghman A. Howard,
Charge d'Affaires of the United States, &e.
wePARTMENT of war and marine,
Washington, (Texas,), Aug. 6, 1844.
Sir: I am directed by his excellency the Presi-
dent to ask the attention of your department to the
facts recently made known to this government,
and contained in communications recently received
from General Adrian Woll, of the army of Mex-
ico, and Colonel John C. Hays, commanding on
the southwestern frontier of Texas; a copy of the
former, and an extract of the latter of which, are
herewith transmitted.
The facts contained in these communications,
taken in connection with other intelligence which has
been received, leave no doubt of the objects and in-
tentions of the Mexican government; and that a con-
siderable military force is now being concentrated
on the ltio Grande, with the avowed object of im-
mediately following the attack of the cavalry alluded
to by Colonel Hays, by that of a more formidable
force. No doubt can, therefore, longer exist of the
propriety and necessity of placing immediately on
our southwestern frontier, for the defence of the
nation, all the troops at the disposal of the govern-
ment, whether of our own citizens, or by existing
arrangements between this government and that of
the United States.
I have the honor to be your very obedient servant,
G. W. HILL,
Secretary of War and Marine.
Hon. Anson Jones,
Secretary of State, &e.
A.
[Extract.]
Headquarters, Southwestern command,
Bexar, July 21, 1844.
Sir:
* * * * * *
The following is the information alluded to:
About ten days ago, a secret spy in my employ ar-
rived in town, and informed me that preparations
were in progress to mount on good horses a force of
six hundred men, to be divided into three divisions
—one of which was to proceed with rapid marches
to this place, and enter the town, if practicable; if
repulsed, to retreat. Immediately on their return,
another division would advance with the same in-
structions; and so on, giving time to each division to
refresh, and keep up a constant annoyance on this
portion of the frontier. T^o days ago he returned,
confirming his previous statement; and, in addition,
a communication from a gentleman whose statement
cannot be doubted, confirming the report of the spy,
and stating that they had already 400 fine horses
purchased to mount the fioops, and that their opera-
tions would commence during the month of August.
This statement cannot be doubted.
* * # * * #
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &c.,
JOHN C. HAYS,
Commanding southwestern frontier.
To the Hon. G. W. Hill,
"Secretary of War and Marine.
Department of War and Marine,
Washington, Texas, August 6, 1844.
I certify the within [foregoing] to be a true ex-
tract from the original on file in this office.
M. C. HAMILTON,
C. C. Dept. War.
B.
[Translation.]
Headquarters, Mier, June 19, 1844.
1st Brigade of the North—Commander-in-chief.
The time prefixed by the Supreme government of
the republic for the duration of the armistice cele-
brated with the commissioners of Texas, on the
15th of February of the present year, having, ex-
pired, his excellency the President has been pleased
to determine that hostilities are renewed, and de-
clared to exist from the 11th day of the present
month, against the inhabitants of that department.
While I apprize you of this resolution of his excel-
lency, I will also represent to you the fact that my
government is highly indignant at the perfidious con-
duct of these said inhabitants towards the republic,
which, ever generous to them, believed they were
acting in good faith, until the contrary became man-
ifest by their disregard of the promises made in the
same treaty of armistice, as relates to the commis-
sioners, according to article 4, who" were to have
proceeded to the capital of Mexico, in order to ar-
range the terms whereby their propositions might
be admitted.
His excellency the President, convinced that the
honor of the nation demands that such dishonorable
conduct should be punished, and that it should be
understood that his motives for the delay in de-
clining the renewal of hostilities have not proceeded
from the want of the ability or of resources, but
purely from motives of humanity, desires me to
make this intimation. " *
In the performance of this duty, although the re-
flection that human blood must be shed is painful,
yet I have the satisfaction to know that our cause
is just, and that it is sustained by sacred and im-
prescriptible rights, in which we have no less con-
fidence than in the valor of our troops; and the
struggle once renewed, the civilized world will be-
come the judge of our rights, while victory will
crown the efforts of those who fearlessly wage the
battle for their country, opposed to usurpation.
I have the honor to reiterate to you the assurance
of my high consideration and esteem.
God and liberty.
ADRIAN WOLL.
To Gen. Sam. Houston.
Mr. Howard to Mr. Jones.
Legation op the United States,
Washington (Texas,) Aug. 6,1844.
The undersigned, charge d'affaires of the United
States, near the government of the republic Texas,
has the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the
communication of the Hon. Anson Jones, Secreta-
ry of State of this republic, of this date, together
with its accompanying documents.
The undersigned is aware of the incipient steps
which have been taken by the chief of the Mexican
government, with the alleged purpose of invading
and subjugating Texas; but how far the preparations
have gone, he is not informed. He has no reason,
however, to doubt the information communicated
by the honorable Secretary; on the contrary, he has
revived similar information from other quarters.
How far the relations of Texas and the United
States may have excited the Mexican government
to additional efforts to reconquer Texas, and hasten-
ed the renewal of hostilities, the undersigned has
no means of judging. Whatever may be the cause,
it cannot but be the subject of universal regret
throughout Christendom that a war, of the charac-
ter which has marked the relations of Texas and
Mexico since the revolution of 1836, should not be
brought to a close.
If, however, the recommencement of this conflict
has been owing to negotiations between the govern-
ments of the United States and Texas, and if the
United States have given "assurances" to "extend
to Texas the aid which the present emergency re-
quires,"—by which the undersigned supposes is
meant military aid, in repelling the anticipated inva-
sion by Mexico—the obligations thus incurred
ought to be, and he doubts not will be, observed by
his government.
The undersigned has taken occasion to re-ex-
amine the letters of the late General Murphy, of the
14th of February last, and of Mr. Calhoun, Secre-
tary of State of the United States, of the 11th of
April ensuing; he has also turned his attention to
the letter of the Hon. John Nelson, Secretary of
State ad interim, to General Marphy, of the 11th of
March, 1844, and of the Hon. Isaac Van Zandt, of
