Dec. 1844-
APPENDIX TO TftE CONGitESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Correspondence with Mexico and Texas.
Senate and H. of Reps*
the i7th of January of the same year. The letter
ofthe Hon. Mr. Nelson, it will be seen, limits very
much the assurances given by the Hon. Mr. Mur-
phy, and discloses in explicit language the constitu-
tional limitations under which the executive of the
United States must act in regard to the military
power of the country.
The question, then, is mainly left to rest upon the
letter of the Hon. Mr. Van Zandt of the 17th of
January, and the answer of Mr. Calhoun of the 31th
of April, 1844. Mr. Van Zandtsubmits the follow-
ing inquiry to the Secretary of State, (Mr. Upshur:)
"Should the President of Texas accede to the prop-
osition of annexation, would the President of the
United States, after the signing of the treaty, and
before it shall be ratified and receive the sanction of
the other branches of both governments, in case
Texas should desire it, or with her consent, order
such number of military and naval forces of the
United States to such neccssary points or places
upon the territory or borders of Texas, or the gulf
of Mexico, as shall be sufficient to protect her against
foreign aggression?" Mr. Calhoun, after referring
to the orders given lo the naval and military forces,
gives the assurance that, should the exigency arise
during the pendency of the treaty of annexation^ the
President would deem it his duty to use ail the
means placed within his power by the constitution,
to protect Texas from invasion.
The "undersigned assures the honorable Secretary
of State of (he disposition of his government to ful-
fil all her obligations to Texas, and of the deep in-
terest felt both by the government and the people
of the United States in whatever concerns her wel-
fare, to which lie will add his own anxious wish
to preserve the most perfect faith towards both the
government and the people of Texas. But ho is
not able to perceive that an assuraneo given that the
military power should be, used, so far as it constitu-
tionally might, to repel invasion during the, pendency
of the treaty, (to which alone both Mr. Calhoun and
Mr. Van Zandt seem to have, had reference,) would
raise an obligation on the President of the United
States to interpose, by affording military aid to Tex-
as in the present emergency.
In communicating this opinion to the honorable
Secretary of State, the undersigned in happy to
know that he addresses one who is familiar with
the fundamental laws and government ofthe United
States, which prescribe certain rules of action for any
public functionary.
Nevertheless, as tho subject is one of great mo-
ment, and is entitled to the consideration (if the gov-
ernment of the United States, and as tho facts com-
municated are important, ho will transmit as speed-
ily as practicable this correspondence, with the ac-
companying documents, to his government, and
await her instructions.
The undersigned, with the most unfeigned plea-
sure, takes this occasion to present to the Hon. Mr.
Jones the assurance of his distinguished considera-
tion and esteem.
T. A. HOWARD.
Hon. Anson Jonks,
Secretary of State of the republic of Texas.
Mr. Calhoun to Mr. Shannon.
Department of State,
Washington, September 10, 1H44.
Sir: There can be no longer any doubt that Mex-
ico intends to renew the war against Texas on a
large scale, and to carry it on with more than sav-
age ferocity. The loan she has authori/.cd, and the
expensive preparations she is nuking by land and
sea, are suflx'ient proofs of the former; and the or-
ders of the coimnaiuicr °f (he army of the north,
(General Wo!!,) i. sued t! :;Miday of June last,
ami the decree of Sanlii Anna, general of division
and provisional Prcwidmt of Mexico, on the 17th
day of June, of the latter. The decree makes
the general-m-e.hief of divisions of the army, and
the commandant general of the coast and frontier,
responsible for its exact fulfilment. It was under
that responsibility, it would seem, that General
WolJ, to whom'theTcxian frontier was assigned, is-
sued his order of the 20th June. After premising
that the war was renewed against Texas; that all
communications with it must cease; and that every
individual, of whatever condition, who may have
communication with it, shall he regarded as a
traitor, and as such be punished according to the
articles of war, the order announces, in its third
article, that "every individual who may be found
at the distance of one league from the left bank
of the Rio Bravo will be regarded as a favorer
and accomplice of the usurpers of that part of
the national territory, and as a traitor to his coun-
try," and, after a summary military trial, "shall be
punished accordingly." And in its fourth article it
also states "that every individual who may be em-
braced within the provisions of the preceding ar-
ticle, and may be rash enough to fly at the sight of
any force belonging to the supreme government,
shall be pursued until taken or put to death." -
In what spirit the decree of the 17th of June,
which the order is intended exactly to fulfil, is to be
executed, the fate of the party under General Sent-
manat, at Tabasco, affords an illustration. They
were arrested under it, and executed, without hear-
ing or trial, against the indignant remonstrances of
of the French and Spanish ministers near the gov-
ernment of Mexico, who in vain invoiced the voice
of humanity, the sacred obligations of the consti-
tution, and the sanctity of treaties, in behalf of their
countrymen who were executed under this illegal
and bloody decree.
If the decree itself was thus enforced, in time of
peace, on the subjects of friendly powers, and
against the remonstrances of their ministers, some
faint conception may be formed of the ferocious and
devastating spirit in which the order of General
Woll is intended to be executed against the inhab-
itants of Texas, and all who may in any way aid
their cause, or even have communication with them.
It was under a decree similar to that of tho 17th of
June, 1843, and issued by the same authority on
the 30th of October, 1835, but which was not so
comprehensive in its provisions, or so bloody and
ferocious in its character, that the cold-blooded
butchery of Fannin and his party, and other Texian
prisoners, was ordered by Santa Anna in his inva-
sion of 183G.
That decree was limited to foreigners who should
land at any port of Mexico, or arrive liy land, be-
ing armed and having hostile intentions, or who
should introduce arms anil munitions of war, to
lie used at any place in rebellion, or placed in
the hands of its enemies. As savage and out-
rageous as its provisions were, the order of General
Woll, intended to carry out that of June, 1843, goes
far beyond. It embraces every individual who may
be found east of a line drawn three miles east of the
Rio del Norte, without distinction of age or sex,
foreigner or citizen, condition or vocation; nil of
every description, whether they resist or surrender,
arc to be treated as traitors, and all who flee, arc to
bo shot down. The war is intended, in short, to be
one of utter extirpation. All that breathe are to be
destroyed or driven out, and Texas left a desolate
waste; and so proclaimed to the world by Mexico,
in advance of her projected invasion.
The first question which presents itself for con-
sideration on this statement of facts, is, Shall we
stand by, and witness in silence the renewal of the
war by Mexico, and its prosecution m this blood-
thirsty and desolating spirit' Tn order to answer it
fully and satisfactorily, it will be necessary the in-
quire first into her object for renewing the war at
this time.
There can be but one—and that is, to defeat the
annexation of Texas to our Union. She knows full
well that the rejection of the treaty has but post-
poned the question of annexation. She knows that
Congress adjourned without finally disposing of it;
that it is now pending before both houses, and ac-
tively canvassed before the people throughout the
wide extent of our Union; and that it will in all
probability bo decided in its favor, unless it should
lie defeated by some movement exterior to the coun-
try. We would he blind not to sec that she pro-
poses lo effect it by the projected invasion, cither
by conquei nig ami subjecting Texas to her
power, or by forcing iirr to withdiaw the propo-
sition for annexation, and to form commercial and
political connections with some other power Icfs
congenial to her feelings and favorable to her inde-
pendence, and more threatening lo her and our per-
manent welfare and safety. Of the two, the latter
is much the more probable. She once attempted
conquest, but signally failed, although the attempt
was made under the lead of her most skilful and re-
nowned general, at the head of a well-appointed ar-
my, consisting of her best disciplined and bravest
troops, and while Texas was yet in her infancy,
without a government, almost without means, and
with an inconsiderable population. With this ex-
ample before her, she can scarcely hope to succeed
now, under a leader of less skill and renown, and
when Texas has settled down under a well-estab-
lished government, and has so greatly increased in
means and population. It is possible she may be
overrun; but to expect to hold her in subjection,
with her present population and means, at the dis-
tance of more than twelve hundred miles from the
city of Mexico, with a difficult intermediate ooun-
try, destitute in a great degree of resources, would
be extreme folly. The very attempt would exhaust
her means, and leave her prostrated. "No! the alter-
native is to drive out the inhabitants and desolate
the country, or force her into some foreign and -tin-
natural alliance; and this, the ferocious and savage
order'of General Woll shows is well "understood by
Mexico, and is, in reality, the object of her policy.
Shall we stand "by, and permit it to be consum-
mated, and thereby defeat a measure long cherished,
and indispensable alike to the safety and welfare
of the United States and Texas? No measure of
policy'has been more steadily or longer pursued,
and that by both of the gjreat parties into which
the Union is divided. Many believed that Texas
was embraced in the cession of Louisiana, and
was improperly, if not unconstitutionally, surren-
dered by the treaty of Florida in 1819- Under
that impression, and the general conviction of its
importance to the safety and welfare of the Union,
its annexation has been an object of constant pur-
suit ever since. It was twice attempted to acquire
it during the administration of Mr. Adams-^once in
1825, shortly after he came into power, and again
in 1827. It was thrice attempted under the admin-
istration of his successor, (General Jackson)—first
in 1829, immediately after he came into power;
again in 1833; and finally in 1835, just before Texas
declared her independence. Texas herself made a
proposition for annexation in 1837, at the com-
mencement of Mr. Van Buren's administration,
which he declined—not,- however, on the ground of
opposition to the policy of the measure. The Uni-
ted States had previously acknowledged her inde-
pendence, and the example has since been followed
by Prance and Great Britain. The latter, soon af-
ter her recognition, began to adopt a line of policy
iu reference to Texas, which has given greatly in-
creased importance to the measure of annexation,
by making it still more essential to the safety and
welfare both of her and the United States.
In pursuance of this long-cherished and establish-
ed policy, and under the conviction of the necessity
of acting promptly in order to prevent the defeat of
the measure, the present administration invited
Texas to renew the proposition for annexation,
which had been declined by its predecessor. It was
accepted; and, as has been stated, is now pending.
The question recurs, Shall we stand by quietly,
and permit Mexico to defeat it, without making an
effort to oppose her? Shall we, after this long and
continued effort to annex Texas, now, when the
measure is about to be consummated, al-
low Mexico to put it aside, perhaps forever? Shall
the "golden opportunity" be lost, never again to re-
turn? Shall we permit Texas, for having accepted,
an invitation, tendered her at a critical moment, to
join us, and consummate a measure essential to their
and our permanent peaee, welfare, and safety, to be
desolated, her inhabitants to be butchered, or driven
out; or, in order to avert so great a calamity, to be
forced, against her will, into a strange alliance,
which would terminate in producing lasting hostili-
ties between her and us, to the permanent injury,
and perhaps the ruin, of both?
The President has fully and deliberately exam-
ined the subject, and has eome to the conclusion
that honor and humanity, as well as the welfare
and safety of both countries, forbid it; and that it is
his duty, during- the recess of Congress, to use all
his constitutional means in opposition to it; leaving
that body, when it assembles, to decide on the
course which, in its opinion, it would be proper for
the government to adopt.
In accordance with this conclusion, the President
would bo compelled to regard the invasion of Tex-
as by Mexico, while the question of annexation is
pending, as highly offensive to the United States.
He entertains no doubt that we had the right to
invite her to renear the proposition for annexa-
tion; and she, as an independent state, had a
right to accept it, without consulting Mexico or
asking her leave. Me regards Texas, m every
respect, as independent as Mexico, and as compe-
tent to transfer the whole or part of Texas, as she
would be the whole or part of Mexico. To go no
further back: under the constitution of 1824, Tex-
as and Coahuila were members of the federation
formed by the United States of Mexico; Texas,
with Coahuila, forming one State, with the right
