. •/? f.y* •
Dec. 1844.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Correspondence with Mexico and Texas.
Senate and H. ofReps.
(Jen. Howard, and the absence of tiny representa-
tive of the United States at the seat of government
of Texas, Lieut. Stevens may return it to this depart-
ment. To obviate the inconvenience which might
arise from such a state of things, I forward herewith
a copy of the despatch and accompanying papers.
Since the date of the despatch to Mr. Howard,
information has been received at this department,
through Major Butler, agent for the Cherokee In-
dians, that Mexican emissaries, or agents of the
Mexican government, are employed in instigating
the Indian tribes on our southwestern frontier to
acts of hostility against our citizens, and those of
Texas, residing in their respective neighborhoods.
This, if true, is in direct violation of the treaty of
amity between the two countries, of the 5th of April,
1831; a printed copy of which I herewith forward
to you, calling your attention, at the same time, to
its 33d article.
There seems to bo but little doubt as to the cor-
rectness of the information communicatcd by Major
Butler; and the President instructs and authorizes
you, in cass* the government of Texas should apply
to you to fulfil the treaty obligations of the United
States, to maintain peace and harmony among the
several Indian nations who inhabit the lands adja-
cent to the lines and rivers which form the bounda-
ries of the two countries, and to restrain, by force,
all hostilities and incursions on the part of the In-
dian nations living within our boundaries; and if
you should, upon examination, consider the grounds
sufficient to warrant such application, to make requi-
sition on either or all of the commandants of the
forces at forts Jesup, Towson, and Washita, for
such portions of their respective commands as may
be deemed necessary for the purpose, to be marched
and stationed at such points as you muy, on consult-
ation with the Texian authorities, deem best adapt-
ed to secure the object—cither within the limits of
the United States, or, if requested by the govern-
ment of Texas, within its limits; it being understood
that the objects are limited to the fulfilment of our
treaty stipulations.
I horewith enclose copies oftlio orders which have
been issued by the proper department to the several
officers in command at the respective posts, to com-
ply with your requisition. You will take care, in
making the requisitions, to leave a sufficient force at
the respective stations lo protect them and the public
property against the dangers to which, in your judg-
ment, they may be exposed.
1 am, sir, with high respect, your obedient servant,
J. C. CALHOUN.
To A. J. Donki.son, esq., &c.
fCopy of   despatch Worn Mr. Calhoun to Mr Howard, ri fci-
ri'tf to m Ins letter to Mr. Douclson ol the 17lli of fcujiti'm-
her, IH-ll.j
Department or State,
Washington, September 10,1N44.
Sir: Your despatch (No. 1) transmitted through
General Taylor, enclosing a copy of your corres-
pondence with the Secretary of State ot tlnfrepubltc
of Texas, has been laid before the President, who
has giver, to it tlrnt deliberate consideration which
its importance claims.
Ho approves of the construction which you placed
on the letter of Mr. Nelson, acting Secretary of Stat®
ail interim, to Mr. Murphy; and on mine to Mr.
Van Zandt, m relation to the assurances to which
the Texian Secretary of State rofers in his letter to
which yours is a reply. But ha instructs you to
assure the government of Texas that he feels the
full force of the obligation of this government to
protect Texas, pending the question of annexation,
against the attacks which Mexico may make on licr,
in consequence of her acceptance of tho proposition
of this government to open negotiations on the sub-
ject of annexing Texas to the United States. As
far as it relates to the executive department, he is
prepared to use all its powers for that purpose.
But the government of Texas is fully aware that
they are circumscribed by the constitution within
narrow limits, which it would not be possible for the
President to transcend. All that he can do is, to
make suitable representations to the Mexican gov-
ernment against the renewal of the war pending the
question of annexation, and the savage manner in
which it is proposed to conduct it, accompanied by
appropriate protests and indications of the feelings
with which he regards both; and to recommend to
Congress to adopt measures to repel any attack
which may be made.
In execution of the first, a communication (a copy
of which is enclosed) has been addressed to our
minister in Mexico, and forwarded to him by a
gpeoial ro«nger3 which, it is to be hoped3 will not
be without effect in arresting her hostile movements. ^
You will give a copy of it to the Texian govern-
ment, and you will assure it that, when Congress
meets, the President will recommend the adoption of
measures to protect Texas effectually against the at-
tacks of Mexico pending the question of annexation.
He hopes these measures will prove satisfactory to
the government of Texas, and that no serious inva-
sion will be attempted, at least before the meeting
of Congress.
I enclose a copy of a despatch to our minister at
Paris, which you may show to President Houston
and the Secretary of State. It will doubtless be
satisfactory to them to learn that France is not dis-
posed, in any event, to take a hostile attitude in ref-
erence to annexation. A despatch, of a subsequent
date to the one to which the enclosed is an answer,
gives a conversation between Mr. Guizot and our
minister, equally satisfactory]as that with tho King.
He stated, m reply to a question on the part of our
minister, that France had not agreed to unite with
England in a protest against annexation.
I am happy to add, in conclusion, that the indica-
tions of public sentiment are highly favorable to the
cause of annexation, and that we may now look for-
ward, with much confidence, to the consummation
of that great measure at no distant period.
I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. C. CALHOUN.
To Tilghman A. Howard, esq., &c.
A.
[Confidential.]
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, September 17, 1844.
Sir: The general-in-cliief has received instructions,
through the Department of State, from the executive,
to hold tho troops now between the Red and Sabine
rivers ready to march in case of a requisition being
made by the United States charge d'affaires residing
near the government of Texas, to such point
within our limits, or those of Texas, as the said
charge may designate, in order to restrain any hos-
tilo incursion on tho part of the border Indians, as
required by the provisions of existing treaties.
You will please take such preliminary measures
as may be ilccmed necessary to put the greater part
of the forces under your command, designated
above, in march for the above purpose, at short no-
tice.
Should tho apprehended hostilities with the In-
dians alluded to break out, ail officer of rank (prob-
ably yourself) will be sent to command the United
States forces placed in the field, and who will re-
ceive hence further instructions for his govern-
ment.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
L, THOMAS,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Brig. Gen.Tati.or,
Commanding first department,
Fort Jesup, Louisiana.
B.
[Confidential j
Adjutant GVnkrai/s Office,
Washington, September 17, 1844.
Sin: The general-in-chief has received instruc-
tions, through the .Department of State, from the
executive, to hold tho troops within your depart-
ment, at Forts Towson and Washita, ready to march,
in case of a requisition being made by the United
Slates charge d'affaires residing near the government
of Texas, to such point within our limits, or those
of Texas, as the charge may designate, in order to
restrain any hostile incursion on the part of the bor-
der Indians, as required by the provisions of exist-
ing treaties.
You will please take such preliminary measures
as may be deemed necessary to put those troops in
march for the above purpose at short notice.
It is understood that any requisition that may be
made upon Forts Towson and Washita will leave at
least one company at each of those posts to guard
the same.
Should the apprehended hostilities with the In-
dians alluded to break out, an officer of rank will be
sent to command the United States forces placed in
the field, and who will receive hence further instruc-
tions for his government.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
L. THOMAS,
Asssist. Adjt. Gen.
Brig. Gen. M. Arbuckle,
Commanding 3d dept.. Fort Smith, Arkansas,
Mr. Calhoun to Mr. King.
Department of State,
Washington, August 12,1844.
Sir: I have laid your despatch No. 1 before the
President, who instructs me to make known to you
that he has read it with much pleasure, especially
the portion which relates to your cordial reception
by the King, and his assurance of friendly feel-
ings towards the United States. The President
in particular highly appreciates the declaration of
the King that, in no event, would .any steps
be taken by his government in the slightest de-
gree hostile, or which would give to the United
States just cause of complaint. It was the more
gratifying from the fact that our previous infer-
tile government of France was prepared to unite
with Great Britain in a joint protest against the an-
nexation of Texas, and a joint effort to induce her
government to withdraw the proposition to annex,
on condition that Mexico should be made to ac-
knowledge her independence. He is happy to infer
from your.despatch that the information, so far as it
relates to France, is, in all probability, without
foundation. You did not go further than you ought
in assuring the King that the object of annexation
would be pursued with unabated vigor, and in Spy-
ing your opinion that a decided majority of the
American people were in its favor, and that it would
certainly be annexed at no distant day. I feel con-
fident that your anticipation will be fully realized at
no distant period. Every day will tend to weaken
that combination of political causes which led to the
opposition of the measure, and to strengthen the
conviction that it was not only expedient, but just
and necessary.
You were right so making the distinction between
the interest of France and England in reference#to
Texas— or rather, I would say, the apparent inter-
ests of the two countries. France cannot possibly
have any other than commercial interest in desiring
to see her preserve her separate independence; while
it is certain that England looks beyond, to political
interests, to which she apparently attaches much
importance. But, in our opinion, the interest of
both against the measure is more apparent than
real; and that neither France, England, nor
even Mexico herself, has any in opposition
to it, when the subject is fairly viewed
and considered in its whole extent and in all its
bearings. Thus viewed and considered, and as-
suming that peace, the extension of commerce, and
security, are objects of primary policy with them, it
may, as it seems to me, be readily shown that the
policy on the part of those powers which would ac-
quiesce in a measure so strongly desired by both the
United States and Texas, for their mutual welfare
and safety, as the annexation of the latter to the
former, would be far more promotive of those great;
objects than that which would attempt to resist it.
It is impossible to cast a look at the map of th®
United States and Texas, and to note the long, arti-
ficial, and inconvenient line which divides them,
and then to take into consideration the extraordi-
nary increase of population and growth of the form-
er, and the source from which the latter must de-
rive its inhabitants, institutions, and laws, without
coming to the conclusion that it is their destiny to
be united, and, of course, that annexation is merely
a question of time and mode. Thus regarded, tha
question to be decided would seem to be, whether it-
would not be better to permit it to be done now,
with the mutual consent of both parties, and the ac-
quiescence of these powers, than to attempt to resist
and defeat it. If the former course be adopted, th®
certain fruits would be the preservation of peace,
great extension of commerce by the rapid settlement
and improvement of Texas, and increased security,
especially to Mexico. The last, in reference to
Mexico, may be doubted; but I hold it not less
clear than the other two.
It would be a great mistake to suppose that this
government has any hostile feelings towards Mexico,
or any disposition to aggrandize itself at her expense.
The fact is the very reverse.
It wishes her well, and desires to see her settled
down in peace and security; and is prepared, in the
event of the annexation of Texas, if not forced in-
to conflict with her, to propose to settle with her
the question of boundary, and all others growing
out of the annexation, on the most liberal terms.
Nature herself has clearly marked the boundary be-
tween her and Texas by natural limits too strong
to be mistaken. There are few countries whoso
limits are so distinctly marked ; and it would be ou?
