? i \
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
i>r c;-1
Correspondence with Mexico and Texas.
Senate and H. of Reps.
desire, if Texas should be united to us, to see them
firmly -established, as the most certain means of es-
tablishing permanent peace between the two coun-
tries, and strengthening and cementing their friend-
ship. Such would be the certain consequence of
permitting the annexation to take place now, with
the acquiescence of Mexico; but very different
would be the case if it should be attempted to resist
and defeat it, whether the attempt should be suc-
cessful for the present or not. Any attempt of-the
Jrind would, not improbably, lead to a conflict be-
tween us and Mexico, and involve consequences, in
reference to her and the gensral peace, long to be
deplored on both aides, and difficult to be repaired.
But should that not be the case, and the interference
of another power defeat the annexatien for the
present, without the interruption of peace, it would
but postpone the conflict, and render it more fierce
and bloody whenever it might occur. Its defeat
would be attributed to enmity and ambition on the
part of that power by whose interference it was oc-
casioned, and excite deep jealousy and resentment
on the part of our people, who would be ready to
seize the first favorable opportunity to effect by force
what was prevented from being done peaceably by
mutual consent. It is not difficult to see how great-
ly such a conflict, come when it might, would en-
danger the general peace, and how much Mexico
might be the loser by it.
In the mean time, the condition of Texas would
be rendered uncertain, her settlement and prosperity
in consequence retarded, and her commerce crippled,
while the general peace would be rendered much
more insecure. It could not but greatly affect us.,
If the annexation of Texas should be permitted to
take place peaceably now, (as it would, without the
interference of other powers,) the energies of our
ale would, for a long time to come, be directed
e peaceable pursuits of redeeming, and bring-
ing within the pale of cultivation, improvements,
and civilization, that large portion of the continent
lying between Mexico on one side, and the British
pessessions on the other, which is now, with little
exception, a wilderness with a sparse population,
consisting, for the most part, of wandering Indian
tribes.
It is oar destiny to occupy that vast region; to in-
tersect it with roads and canals; to fill it with cities,
towns, villages, and farms; to extend over it our re-
ligion, customs, constitution, and laws; and to pre-
sent it as a peaceful and splendid addition to the do-
mains of commerce and civilization. It is our poli-
cy to increase, by growing and spreading out into
unoccupied regions, assimilating all we incorporate:
in a word, to increase by accretion, and not, through
conquest, by the addition of masses held together
by the cohesion of force. Wo system can be more
unsuited to the latter process, or better adapted to
the former, than our .admirable federal system. If
it should not be resisted in its course, it will proba-
bly fulfil its destiny without disturbing our neigh-
bors, or putting in jeopardy the general peace; but
if it be opposed by foreign interference, a new di-
rection would be given to onr energy, mush less fa-
vorable to harmony with our neighbors, and to the
general peace of the world.
The change would be undesirable to us, and
much less in accordance with what I have assumed
to be primary objects of policy on the part of France,
England, and Mexico.
But, to descend to particulars: it is certain that
while England, like France, desires the indepen-
dence of Texas, with the view to commercial con-
nections, it is not less so, that one of the leading
motives of England for desiring it, is the hope that,
through her diplomacy and influence, negro slavery
may be abolished there, and ultimately, by conse-
quence, in the United States, and throughout the
whole of this continent. That its ultimate abolition
throughout the entire continent is an object ardently
desired by her, we have decisive proof in the deck-
ration of the Earl of Aberdeen delivered to this de-
partment, and of which you will find a copy among
the documents transmitted to Congress with the
Texian treaty. That she desires its abolition in
Texas, and has used her influence and diplomacy to
effect it there, the same document, with the corres-
pondence of this department with Mr. Packenham,
also to be found among the documents, furnishes
proof not less conclusive. That one of the objects
of abolishing it there, is to facilitate its abolition in
the United States, and throughout the continent, is
manifest from the declaration of the abolition party
and societies, both in this country and in England.
In fact, there is good reason to believe that the
scheme of abolishing it in Texas, with the view to
its abolition in the United States and over the con-
tinent, originated with the prominent members of
the party in the United States; and was first broach-
ed by them in the (so called) World's Convention,
held in London in the year 1840, and through its
agency brought to the notice of the British govern-
ment.
Now, I hold, not only that France can have no
interest in the consummation of this grand sceme,
which England hopes to accomplish through
Texas, if she can defeat the annexation, but that
her interests, and those of all the continental powers
of Europe, are directly and deeply opposed to it.
It is too late in the day to contend that humanity
or philanthropy is the great object of the policy of
England in attempting to abolish African slavery on
this continent. 1 do not question but humanity
may have been one of her leading motives for the
abolition of the African slave-trade, and that it may
have had a considerable influence in abolishing
slavery in her West India possessions; aided, in-
deed, by the fallacious calculation that the labor of
the negroes would be at least as profitable, if not
more so, in consequence of the measure. She acted
on the principle that tropical products can be pro-
duced cheaper by free African labor and East India
labor, than by slave labor. She knew full well the
value ofsuch products to her commerce, navigation,
navy, manufactures, revenue, and power. She was
not ignorant that the support and the maintenance
of her political preponderance depended on her trop-
ical possessions, and had no intention of diminish-
ing their productiveness, nor any anticipation that
such would bo the effect when the scheme of abol-
ishing slavery in her colonial possessions was adopt-
ed. On the contrary, she calculated to combine
philanthropy with profit and power, as is not unu-
sual with fanaticism. Experience has convinced
her of the fallacy of her calculations. She has failed
in all her objects. The labor of her negroes has
proved far less productive, without affording the
consolation of having improved their condition.
The experiment has turned out to be a costly one.
She expended nearly one hundred millions of. dol-
lars in indemnifying the owners of the eman-
cipated slaves. It is estimated that the increased
price paid since by the people of Great Britain
for sugar and other tropical productions, in conse-
quence of the measure, is equal to half that sum;
and that twice that amount has been expended in
the suppression of the slave trade; making, to-
gether, two hundred and fifty millions of dollars as
the cost of the experiment. Instead of realizing
her hop?, the result has been a sad disappointment.
Her tropical products have fallen off to a vast
amount. Instead of supplying her own wants and
those of nearly all Europe with them, as formerly,
she lias now, in some of the most important articles,
scarcely enough to supply her own. "What is
worse, her own colonies are actually consuming su-
gar pro iuced by slave labor,-brought direct to Eng-
land, or refined in bond, and exported and sold in
her colonies as cheap or eheaper than they can be
produced there; while the slave trade, instead of
diminishing, has been in fact carried on to a greater
extent than ever. So disastrous has been the result,
that her fixed capital vested in tropical possessions,
estimated at the value of nearly five hundred millions
of dollars, is sa.d to stand on the brink of ruin.
But this is not the worst. While this costly
scheme has had such ruinous effects on the trop-
ical productions of Great Britain, it has given a
powerful st imilus, followed by^a corresponding in-
crease of products, to those countiies which have
had the good sense to shun her example. There
has been vested, it is estimated by them, in the
production of tropical products, since 1808, in fixed
capital, nearly $4,000,000,000, wholly dependent on
slave labor. In the same period, the value of their
products has been estima ed to have risen from
about $72 000,000 annually, to nearly §220,000,000;
while the whole of the fixed capital of Great
Britain, vested in cultivating tropical products,
both in the East and West Indies, is estimated
at only about $838,000,000, and the value of
the products annually at about $50,000,000.
To present a still more striking view of three ar-
ticles of tropical products, (sugar, coffee, and cot-
ton,) the British possessions, including the West
and East Indies, and Mauritius, produced, in 1842,
of sugar, only 3,993,771 cwt.; while Cuba, Brazil,
and the United States, excluding other countries
having tropical possessions, produced 9,600,000
cwt.; of coffee, the British possessions produced
only 27,393,003, while Cuba and Brazil induced
201,590,125 pounds; and of cotton,, the British pos-
sessions, including shipments to China, only 137 -
443,446 pounds, while the United States alone rim"
duced 790,479,275 pounds. -
The above facts and estimates have all been
drawn from a British periodical of high standing
and authority,* and are believed to be entitled to
credit. v
This vast increase of the capital and production
on the part of those nations who have continued their
former policy towards the negro race, compared
with that of Great Britain, indicates a corresponding
relative increase of the means of commerce, naviga-
tion, manufactures, wealth, and power. It is no
longer a question of doubt, that the great source of
wealth, prosperity, and power of the more civilized
nations of the temperate zone, (especially Europe,
where the arts have made the greatest advance,) de-
pends, in a great degree, on the exchange of their
Eroducts with those of the tropical regions. So great
as been the advance made in the arts, both chemi-
cal and mechanical, within the few last generations,
that all the old civilized nations can, with but a small
part of their labor and capital, supply their respect-
ive wants: which tends to limit within narrow
bounds the amount of the commerce between them,
and forces them all to seek for markets in the tropi-
cal regions, and the more newly settled portions of
the globe. Those who can best succeed in com-
manding those markets, have the best prospect of
outstripping the others in the career of commerce,
navigation, manufactures, wealth, and power.
This is seen and felt by British statesmen, and has
opened their eyes to the errors which they have
committed. The question now with them is, how
shall it be counteracted? What has been done can-
not be undone. The question is, by what means
can Great Britain regain and keep a superiority in
tropical cultivation, commerce, and influence? Or,
shall that be abandoned, and other nations be suf-
fered to acquire the supremacy, even to the extent
of supplying British markets, to the destruction of
the capital already vested in their production? These
are the questions which now profoundly occupy the
attention of her statesmen, and have the greatest in-
fluence over her councils.
In order to regain her superiority, she not only
seeks to revive and increase her own capacity to pro-
duce tropical productions, but to diminish and de-
stroy the capacity of those who have so far outstrip-
ped her in consequence of her error. In pursuit of
the former, she has cast her eyes to her East India
possessions—to central and eastern Africa—with the
view of establishing colonies there, and even to re-
store, substantially, the slavetrade itself, under the
specious name of transporting free laborers from
Africa to her West India possessions, in order, if
possible, to compete successfully with those who
have infused to follow her suicidal policy. But
these all afford but uncertain and distant hopes of
recovering her lost superiority. Her main reliance
is on the other alternative—to cripple or destroy
the productions of her successful." rivals. There is
but one way by which it can be done, and that is
by abolishing African slavery throughout this con-
tinent; and that she openly avows to be the constant
object of her policy and exertions. It matters not
how, or from what motive, it may be done—whether
it be by diplomacy, influence, or force; by secret or
open means; and whether the motive be humane or
selfish, without regard to manner, means, or motive.
The thing itself, should it be accomplished, would
put down all rivalry, and give her the undisputed
supremacy in supplying her own wants and those of
the rest of the world; and thereby more than fufty
retrieve what she lias lost by her errors. It would
give her the monopoly of tropical productions,
which I shall next proceed to show.
What would be the consequence if this object of
her unceasing solicitude and exertions should be
effected by the abolition of negro slavery throughout
this continent, some idea may be formed from the
immense diminution of productions, as has been
shown, which has followed abolition in her West
India possessions. But, as great as that has been,
it is nothing compared to what would be. the effect
if she should success in abolishing slavery in the
United States, Cuba, Brazil, and throughout this
continent. The experiment in her own colonies
was made under the most favorable circumstances.
It was brought about gradually and peaceably, - by
the steady and firm operation of the parent country,
•Blackwood's Magazine for June, 1844.
