28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec* 1M4<;
Report of the Secretary of War.
ureis still pending, and that the rejection of the
treaty has but postponed it. She knows that when
Congress adjourned, it was pending in both houses,
ready to be taken up and acted upon at its next
meeting,'and that it is at present actively canvassed
by the people throughout the Union. She is no t ig-
norant that the decision will in all probability be in
its favor, unless it should be defeated by some
movement exterior to the United States. The pro-
jected invasion of Texas by Mexico, at this time, is
that movement; and it is intended to effect it, either
by conquering and subjugating Texas to her power,
or by forcing her to withdraw her proposition for
annexation, aiid^ to form other connections less ac-
ceptable to her.
The United States cannot, while the measure of
annexation is pending, stand quietly by, and per-
mit either of these results. It has been a measure
of policy long cherished, and deemed indispensable
to their safety and welfare; and has accordingly
been an object steadily pursued by all parties, and
the acquisition of the territory made the subject of
negotiation by almost every administration for the
last twenty years. This policy may be traced to
the belief, generally entertained, that Texas was
embraced in the cession of Louisiana by Prance to
the United States in ] 803, and was improperly sur-
rendered by the treaty of Florida in 1819; connected
with the fact that a large portion of the territory
lies in the valley of the Mississippi, and is indispen-
sable to the defence of a distant and important fron-
tier. The hazard of a conflict of policy upon im-
portant points- between the United States and one
of the leading European powers, since the recogni-
tion of Texas, has rendered the acquisition still
more essential to their safety and welfare, and ac-
cordingly has increased in proportion the necessity
of acquiring it. Acting under the conviction of this
necessity, and the impression that the measure
would be permanently defeated by a longer post-
ponement, the President of the United States in-
vited Texas to renew the proposition for annexa-
tion. It was accepted by her, and, as has been
stated, is still pending. And here the question again
recurs, Shall the United States quietly stand by, on
the eve of its consummation, and pt rmit the meas-
ure to be defeated by an invasion by Mexico? And
shall they suffer Texas, for having accepted an in-
vitation to join them, and consummate a measure
alike essential to her and their permanent peace,
welfare, and safety, to be desolated, her inhabitants
to be butchered or driven out; or, in order to avert
so great a calamity, to be forced, against her will,
into other alliances, which would terminate in pro-
ducing lasting hostilities between her and them, to
the permanent danger of both?
The President has fully and deliberately exam-
ined the subject, and has come to the conclusion
that honor and humanity, as well as the safety and
welfare of the United States, forbid it; and he would
accordingly be compelled to regard the invasion of
Texas by Mexico, while the question of annexation
is pending, as highly offensive to the United States.
He entertains no doubt that they had a right to in-
vite her to renew the proposition for annexation;
and that she, as an independent state, had a right to
accept the invitatidn, without consulting Mexico or
asking her leave. He regards Texas, in every re-
spect, as independent as Mexico, and as competent-
to transfer the whole or part of her territory, as she
is to transfer the whole or part of hers. Not to in-
sist on the unquestionable right of Texas to be re-
garded and treatal in all respects as an independent
power, on the ground that she has successfully re-
sisted Mexico, and preserved her independence
for nine years, and has been recognised by other
powers as independent, it is only necessary to recur
to the constitution of 1824, to show that she is per-
fectly entitled to be so regarded and treated. Under
that constitution, slie, with Coahuila, formed a sepa-
rate State, constituting one member of the federation
of the Mexican States, with a right secured to Texas,
by the constitution, to form a separate State as soon
as her population would warrant it. The several
States of the federation were equal in rights, and
equally independent of each other; and remained so
until 183B, when the constitution was subverted by
the army, and all the States which dared to resist
were subjugated and consolidated into one, by force,
except Texas. She stood up bravely in defence of
her rights and independence, and successfully as-
serted them on the battle-ground of San Jacinto in
1836, and has ever since maintained them. The con-
stitution, then, of 182*4, made her independent, and
her valor and her sword have since maintainotl
Senate and H. of Keps.
her so. She has been acknowledged to be so by
three of the leading powers of Christendom, aad is
regarded by all as such, except by Mexico herself.
She neither now stands,, nor ever has stood, in rela-
tion to Mexico as a rebellious province or depart-
ment struggling to obtain independence after throw-
ing off her yoke; much less as a band of la-wless in-
truders and usurpers, without government or politi-
cal existence, as Mexico would have the world to
believe. On the contrary, the true relatisn between
them is that of having been independent members of
what was once a federal government, but now sub-
verted by force; the weaker of which has success-
fully resisted, against fearful odds, the attempts of
the stronger to conquer and subject her to its power.
It is in this light that the United States regard her;
and in that they had the right to invite her to renew
the proposition for annexation, and to treat with
her for admission "into the Union, without giving
any just offence to Mexico, or violating any obliga-
tion, by treaty or otherwise, between us and her.
Nor will our honor, any more than our welfare
and safety, permit annexation to be defeated by an
invasion ofTexas while the question is pending. If
Mexico has thought proper to take offence, it is the
United States, who invited a renewal of the propo-
sition, and not Texas, who accepted the invitation,-
which should be held responsible; and we, as the
responsible party, cannot, without implicating our
honor, permit another to suffer in our place. Enter-
taining these views, our honor and interests being
both involved, Mexico will make a great mistake if
she supposes that the President can regard with in-
difference the renewal of the war which she has pro-
claimed against Texas.
But another, and still more elevated consideration,
would forbid him to regard the invasion with in-
difference. Strong as the objections to it, of itself,
are, in connection with existing circumstances, those
to the manner in which it is proclaimed it will be
conducted are still more so. If honor and interest
forbid a tame acquiescence in the renewal of the
war, the voice of humanity cries aloud against the
proposed mode of conducting it. All the world
have an interest that the rules and usages of war, as
established between civilized nations in modern
times, should be respected, and are in duty bound
to resist their violation, in order to preserve them.
In this case, that duty is pre-eminently ours. "VVe
are neighbors; the nearest to the scene of the pro-
posed atrocities; the most competent to judge, from
our proximity, and, for the same reason, enabled
the more readily to interpose. For the samereason,
also, our sympathies would be more deeply roused
by the scenes of misery which would present them-
selves on all sides, not to mention the dangers to
which we must be exposed, in consequence of an
invasion so conducted, near a distant and weak
frontier, with numerous and powerful bands of In-
dians in its vicinity.
If any thing can add to these strong objections to
the manner in which it is proclaimed the war will
be waged, it is the fiction, regardless of the sem-
blance of reality, to which the government of Mexi-
co has resorted as a pretext for the decree of the
17tii of June, 1843, and the orders of General Woll
of the 20th of June last. Finding nothing in the
conduct or people of Texas to justify their barbar-
ous character, and palpable violation of the laws of
nations and humanity, it has assumed, in wording
them, that there is no such government or commu-
nity as Texas; that the individuals to be found there
are lawless intruders and usurpers, without political
existence, who may be rightfully treated as a gang of
pirates and outcasts from society, and, as such, are
not entitled to the protection of the laws of nations
or humanity. In this assumption the government
of Mexico obstinately persists, in spite of the well-
known fact, universally admitted by all except it-
self, that the colonists who settled Texas, instead of
being intruders and usurpers, were invited to settle
there, first under a grant of the Spanish authority to
Moses Austin, which was afterwards confirmed by
the Mexican authority; and afterwards by similar
grants from the State of Coahuila and Texas, which
it was authorized to make by the constitution of
1824. They came there, then, as invited guests;—
not invited for their own interests, but for those of
Spain and Mexico, in order to protect a'weak and
helpless province from wandering tribes of Indians;
to improve, cultivate, and render productive, wild
and almost uninhabited wastes; and to make that
valuable which was before worthless.
All this they effected at great cost and much dan-
ger an4 difficulty, which nothing bui American en-
ergy and industry, and perseverance could have
overcome—not only unaided by Mexico, but in de-
spite of the impediments caused by her interfer-
ence. Instead, then, of a lawless band of adventu-
rers, as they are assumed to be by the government
of Mexico, these invited colonists- becaihe, in a few
years, constituent portions of one of the members of
the Mexican federation; and, since their separation,
have established wise and free institutions, under
the influence of which they hare enjoyed peace and
security; while their energy and industry, protected
by equal laws, have widely extended the limits of
cultivation and improvement. It is such a people,
living under such institutions, successfully resisting
all attacks from the period of their separation ninfe
years' ago, ,and who , have been- recognised
and admitted into the family of nations, that Mexico
has undertaken to regard as a lawless banditti, and
against whom, as such, she has proclaimed a war
of extermination; forgetful of their exalted and
generous humanity in refusing to exercise the just,
right of retaliation when, in a former invasion, vic-
tory placed in their hands the most ample means of
doing so. The government of Mexico may delude
itself by its fictions, but it cannot delude the rest of
the world. It will be held responsible, not by what
it may choose to regard as facts, but what are ia
reality such, and acknowledged so to be by all, save
itself.
Such are the views entertained by the President
of the United States in regard to the proposed inva-
sion while the question of annexation is pending,
and of the barbarous and bloody manner in which
it is proclaimed it will be conducted; and, in con-
formity to his instructions, the undersigned solemn-
ly protests against both, as highly injurious and
offensive to the United States.
The undersigned, while making this protest and
declaration, has been instructed at the same time to
repeat to his excellency the Minister of Foreign
Relations and Government of Mexico, what was
heretofore communicated to him by the charge
d'affaires of the United States, in announcing the
conclusion of the treaty,—that the measure was
adopted in no spirit of hostility to Mexico; and that
if annexation should be consummated, the United
States will be prepared to adjust all questions grow-
ing out of it, including that of boundary, on the
most liberal terms.
The undersigned avails himself of this occasion to
renew to his excellency M. C. Rejon, Minister of
Foreign Relations and Government of the republic
of Mexico, the assurance of his distinguished con-
sideration.
WILSON SHANNON.
To his Excellency M. C. Rejon,
Minister of Foreign Relations, &c.
REPORT OF THE SECRETARY OF' WAR.
War Department, Nov. 30, 1844.
Sir: In fulfilment of an official duty, I have the
honor to submit to you the annual report of the
affairs of the War Department, embracing such sug-
gestions and observations as my connection with its
administration seem to authorize me in presenting
for your consideration.
The functions of the War Department, compre-
hending not only the direction and the control of
the mflitary establishment, but also that of pen-
sions and bounties for military service—of improve-
ments of rivers and harbors—of the mineral lands
and of all Indian affairs,—render the distribution of
these duties among the several bureaus, besides a
matter of great convenience, one of almost absolute
necessity. And the wisdom of that administration
which thus separated and distributed these various
duties of the department, is every day manifesting
itself by the efficiency, economy, and promptness
with which the heads of the bureaus discharge
their respective offices.
I refer you to the accompanying documents,
(numbered from 1 to 10,) being the reports of the
commanding general of the arir.y, and of the offi-
cers at the head of the bureaus, for all details re-
lating to the civil and military service of the depart-
ment.
The military establishment of the United States
has been organized for times of peace, with an eye
to the closest economy in the public expenditure,
without sacrificing the efficiency of the troops, but
chiefly with the object of preserving and keeping
up that military knowledge and discipline, without
which a nation is never prepared to assert her own
dignity, nor even to defend be? soil from invasion,
