Dee. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
28th Cong 9d Sess.'
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate and H. of Reps.
deed, short of the -whole people of the United
States) who are interested in the commerce of the
Gulf of Mexico.
- While making allusion to our possession, upon
the western waters, of elements to be employed in
the defence of the Gulf of Mexico, I am justified, in
regard to the union of action of the two military
powers of the country, to suggest the expediency of
forming, in ample time, depots of coal for the sup-
ply of such armed steam vessels as may be em-
ployed upon the coast.
rursuing this interesting subject of the permanent
defence of the commcrcc and possessions of our
southern fellow-citizens upon the gulf, it cannot es-
cape us that Dauphin island, at the mouth of Mobile
bay, has heretofore attracted tke attention of Con-
gress, and has always been recognised by engineers
us necessary and /it for the ejection of a fortifica-
tion. Whilst Fort Morgan defends the main chan-
nel of entrance, it leaves, without the means of re-
sistance, a free passage to an enemy's steamships
through the ample depth of water under Dauphin
island. The introduction of armed steamers into
naval expeditions will expose this bay and all our
shoaler channels and entranr.es to the most serious
attacks—a modern and novel mode of warfare ren-
dering the appeal for national protection to those
southern waters the more serious and imperative.
This remark proceeds from the conviction that, if
we shall ever be obliged by high national considera-
tions to depaitfrom that wise policy which leads us
to maintain peace with all the world, the chief force
of hostile aggression would be directed and made
upon our southern frontier, whore armed steam ves-
sels would not be employed merely as auxiliary,
but would constitute the principal power ot attack
and annoyance of the enemy.
1 would invite attention to the propriety of organ-
izing a small force of engineer troops, one company
of sappers and miners; and for that purpose can do
nothing better than refer to corresponding reports
from this department and the chief engineer, nerc-
toforo made and communicated to Congress. They
area species of troops essential in sieges and other
military' operations during war; arc necessury m
tune ot peace for the preservation of the works of
fortifications; and their employment in repairs of
the works and constructions of engineers would be
the means of much economy in public expenditure.
Tho ordnance corps, which not only prepares the
arms for the regular service of the United States,
but also those for arming the militia, is usefully and
efficiently organized and conducted. A perfect
knowledge of metallurgy, connected with great <nre
and skill in their manufacture, will alone furnish ade-
quate security for the safety of cannon. Men must,
have full confidence m their weapons, to use (hem
with efficiency. A national foundry, if estab-
lished, would fillmd means for trying and
testing all the materials—such as iron ores, com-
ing from different sections of the country, and
entering into the fabrication of cannon—and
for making model guns, and further experiments on
the strength and. durability, as well as the best forms
and dimensions of ordnance for both land and sea
scrvicc. I do not propone its establishment with
the view ofbieaking otf the connection between tho
government and private workshops, but of icgiila-
ting and perfecting that economical system of per-
forming the public work in these shops, where coin-
petition brings the price to the lowest limit, and
carries mechanical skill to the highest. It maybe
observed, too, that a national foundry, by establish-
ing a standard of quality, cost, and proof, in the
manufacture of cannon, would exercise a beneficial
control in these respects over all puvate contractors,
as is now done in the manufa< lure of small aims
by means of the national armories. The private
workers in gun metals would likewise derive impor-
tant collateral advantages from the national estab-
lishment, because the results at all its trials and
improvements would be thrown open to the public.
A notional foundry is as necessary to the military
service as a national armory; and Us use and advan-
tages are equally demanded by, and are as applica-
ble to, the service of tl-ie navy as of the army.
Every day's experience renders the expediency of
the establishment the more obvious. A recent
resort by the ordnance bureau to private foundries
in Boston, under an order of my predecessor, issued
for the purpose of making necessary experiments
and trials of the nature, strength, and combination
of different metals, and of alleged improvements in
the proportions and the art of fabricating cannon,
ha$ pcen attended with much expense^ but with such
practical and useful results, as to afford additional
reason for my concurring in opinion with the nu-
merous reports upon this subject, and expressing
the hope that an appropriation may be made of the
funds requisite for the purchase of a site, and the
erection of the necessary buildings, limited in the
first instance to a simple model foundry, but capable
of the extension of the establishment in case of
emergency.
The enlisted men in the ordnance corps, limited
bylaw to 250, should be placed on the same footing
with other enlisted men of the army, with regard to
pensions allowed for disability occurring in public
service. These men are employed as artificers,
mechanics and laborers, but are enlisted, are gov-
erned by the rules and articles of war, and are
drilled and exercised as soldiers. 1 cannot perceive
the justice of the discrimination which excludes
them from the benefits of the pension laws.
On the 17th of June last, at the close of the session
of Congress, an act passed to continue for four
years the pensions of certain widows of revolution-
ary officers and soldiers, without making the neces-
sary appropriation to effect the benevolent purpose
of the Jaw. The pensions due on the 4th of Sep-
tember last, could not, therefore, be paid. It is only
necessary to refer to this accidental omission to
insure a provision by Congress to enable the pension
bureau promptly to meet the demands upon it.
Keeping in view the provisions of the act of Con-
gress of ihe 3d of March, 1837, which imposed cer-
tain measures on this department in reference to the
selection of sites for marine hospitals upon the west-
ern waters, it becomes my duty to remark, and in-
vite the attention of Congress to the subject, that in
Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Kentucky, the proper lo-
cal positions have been chosen, and the land pur-
chased and paid for by the general government. In
each of these cases it only requires an authorized
disbursement of about $25,000 for each to give ef-
fect, by the, erection of the buildings, to tho humane
purposes of the legislature.
My own impressions upon the effect of the law of
the 14th April, 1818, which created the office of a
commissary general of subsistence, and makes it the
duty of that officer to supply the army by contracts,
"unless, in particular and urgent cases, the Secretary
of War should otherwise direct," would be entitled
to but little weight, were they not sustained by the
long experience of the present commissary general,
whose zeal for the public interests induces him to
press upon my attention the, expediency of so modi-
fying that act of Congress as to introduce a system
of subsisting the troops either by purchases in open
market, or by the present mode, by contracts,
as may be deemed most conducive to public econo-
my and the interests of tho service. If it shall be the
pleasure of Congress to make the alteration, and
confide the trust to the hands of the appiopriate offi-
cer, 1 feel well assured that the purchases of sup-
plies would be made at less cost, and our citizens
having the articles to sell would always receive
prompt payment from the government. There
would be no liability of an excess of supplies, nor
of a failure of delivery, which often occurs when
the prices of the articles unexpectedly increase after
the execution of the contract; and the soldier would
raiely, if e\er, he exposed to the necessity of using
rations deteriorated by having been kept, under
contracts which provide for their delivery in anti-
cipation of the time when they may be required for
use.
It frequently happens that troops are removed,
and occasionally poets are abandoned; and in all
such cases losses and expenses are thrown upon the
government; and sometimes the necessity to make
double purchases are forced upon it. All the arti-
cles of a soldiers ration being perishable, it is a
great object that the supply, as to quantity and time
of use, should approximate to the demand as nearly
as practicable, ami thus save expense to the govern-
ment. The period which elapses between the giv-
ing out of a contract and its fulfilment, which some-
times is protracted to sixteen or eighteen months, is
another reason for my urging the purchase of sup-
plies at such times as they may be required.
These views arc justified and fully sustained by
the experience gained in the South during the late
Seminole war, when purchases were made in open
market, being "particular and urgent cases,1' at a
cheaper rate, and of a better quality, than if they
had been obtained by contracts. The proposed
change would require no additional officers or clerks
in the office of the commissary general of subsist
ence.
Should it be the pleasure of Congress to enter into
the consideration of the policy which produced the
law of 15th of May, 1820, limiting the duration of
the commissions of certain officers of the government
to the period of four years, regard may well be paid
to the view taken of this subject in the report of the
paymaster general of the army. I shall merely re-
mark that paymasters are the only military officers
whose appointments are limited by law to a term of
years; ana so amply are the interests of the govern-
ment otherwise protected, that in no instance since
the passage of the act of May 15, 1820, has it been
found necessary to resort to its provisions in refusing
a renewal of the commission, for the purpose of re-
lieving that branch of the service of an incompetent
or unfaithful officer.
The mineral lands of the nation are every day
coming more into public notice—disclosing their
great extent and their important and valuable treas-
ures. I would recommend the removal of all special
restriction from the sale of those lands, leaving them
under the same regulations with other public lands;
being satisfied that the true object of the policy of
the government will be best accomplished by the in-
dividual enterprise and energy which so distinctly
mark the American character, and the fruitful and
happy influences of which are manifested everywhere
around the region of ores. Should this course be
adopted, Congress would take care to guard the in-
terests of those who have made locations, or received
leases, agreeably to the established rules of the bureau
to which the superintendence of those lands has
been intrusted. Would not the fair acquisition and
distribution of those lands by purchase, amongst in-
dividuals, be the means of carrying into this new
country capital, population, and improvements, cal-
culated readily to bring into market the rich products
of the mines—highly valuable advantages, not likely
to be gained by ingrafting upon the government a
great and unprofitable monopoly, feudal in its char-
acter, and at variance with all our legislation and in-
stitutions?
The official report submitted by the chief of the
corps of topograhical engineers presents a clear
and full detail of the state of the civil and military
works falling withing the control of this depart-
ment. His attention to his duties led him to make
a personal inspection of the greater part of these
works during the past season; and a knowledge of
their picsent wants and conditions can only be sat-
isfactorily acquired by turning to his report.
The improvements of the western rivers and lake
harbors have been prosecuted with vigor during the
present year. Lessening the many perils of naviga-
tion, they will add to the wealth and strength of the
country. These works should not be extended at
one time; but, when once commenced, should never
be abandoned until completed. A suspension of an
incomplete work of the kind not only leads to avast
sacrifice in boats and machinery, but, during the in-
completeness of the scheme of improvement, embar-
rasses the navigation, and may end in the entire un«
profitable expenditure of the money appropriated.
The importance of this clasps of works upon our
chain of great noi them lakes, and our extensive and
broad rivers of the West, constituting thegreat high
ways of our internal commerce, all seem to admit;
and it is trusted that time and experience will lessen
the contest upon the question of their nationality.
The Red river raft, whilst it is remarkable for its
novelty, proves to be the most inflexible obstruction
to navigation to be found upon any of our great
rivers. The labor of the private contractor, and
the skill of the engineer, seem to exhaust them-
selves in their endeavors to overcome the liability of
this obstacle to annual reformation. It can alone be
overcome by Congress persevering and placing in
the hands ot the proper bureau reasonable sums, to
be expended annually, as the work proceeds, and
may be found to be efficient.
cc-The remarks in the report of the chief of the
topographical bureau, in relation to the light-house
structures upon the lakes, well deserve attention.
The extremities of the harbor piers, or separate
structure contiguous to them, are the best sites, and
in many eases are used as such for the erection of
light-houses. The end of the pier, therefore, has
to be constructed with a view to become the founda-
tion of the principal light-house; or, if it should be
placed upon the fast land, it is then essential to the
safety of the navigator that a secondary or beacon
light should be elected on the end of the pier. Thus
the different structures become blended; and both
safety and durability, as well as economy, require
that they should form parts of the same original de*
