12
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
sigiV and be subject to, and conducted by, the same
superintendence.' The plans and mode of constrac-
tioa of .iight-hbuses, requiring many scientific con-
siderations, should, in my judgment, be phced un-
jflei tjje defection of a corps whose studies and contin-
.Meropwymeni in those very occupations peculiar-
ly at them for the trust. Without, therefore, going
.UJto ihe question of a transfer of the whole light-
house system to the direction of the corps of topo-
graphical engineers—a transfer which might very
.properly be made—yet, being fully satisfied that the
light-house system upon our lakes should be under
the bureau of that corps, it is confidently recom-
mended that it should be so transferred by authority
of a law, together with the necessary clerks.
I hope I shall be able, prior to the adjournment of
Congress, to have the pleasure of laying before you,
to be transmitted to that body, the report of the
.modest arid gallant young officer, Lieutenant Fre-
mont, who has just returned from exploring our
territory west of the Rocky mountains. His expe-
.ditisn was peculiarly arduous and dangerous. The
inclement season of the year at which the greater
part of it was performed—the wilderness of snow—
the barren deserts—the lofty and rugged mountains,
almost completely unknown to geography—tribes
of savages, entire strangers to the face of a white
man—involved him and his bold and adventurous
party in situations and perils the most critical, and
requiring the utmost fortitude to encounter and over-
come.
_ Prom the time of Lewis and Clark's first expedi-
tion to the better known portion of that country to
.the present day, many travellers have crossed the
.Rocky mountains, until at last, the emigrant's trail to
the rich valley of the Wallamette is now traversed
by every kind of conveyance. Entire families, with
their household furniture and domestic stock, cross
these mountains in search of a new home.
_ In consequence of the conflicting claims of a for-
.eign nation to the territory west of the Rocky
mountains, Congress has exhibited a reluctance to
organize it under a territorial government. Enter-
taining, myself, no doubt of the propriety and expe-
diency of the measure, justifiable by the legitimacy
.of our claim, I shall say nothing further on the sub-
ject, but will bring to your attention something
nearer home.
The immediate valleys of the head streams of the
.Arkansas, the Platte, and the Yellow Stone rivers,
have much rich and valuable land. The Platte, or
.Nebraska, being the central stream leading into, or
.from, the great South Pass, would very properly
furnish a name to the territory, -which I propose
suggesting to be erected into a territorial govern-
ment in connection with, and preliminary to, the
extension in that direction of our military posts. I
would confine the Nebraska Territory to our undis-
puted possessions on this side of the Rocky moun-
tains. Its boundary line would commence, at the
mouth of the Kanzas, and run up the Missouri
river to the mouth of the Running-water river, and
would pursue that stream to the head of its northern
branch, and thence due west to the Wind-river
chain. Prom this point, turning southward, the
line would continue along the Wind-river range, and
the main chain of the Rocky mountains, to the
head of the Arkansas; and following tliat stream to
to the mouth of the Pawnee Pork, would pass by
the heads of the Neosho and Osage rivers, again to
the mouth of the Kanzas.
The eastern section of the region embraced by
these boundaries from the Missouri river westward
for two hundred and fifty miles, is of great agricultu-
ral beauty and facilities, thickly timbered on the nu-
merous tributaries of the Kanzas, Osage, and Neo-
sha rivers, and in fertility equal to the best land in
Missouri. From the limit of this fertile portion,
westward for a space of four hundred miles, the
country is entirely covered with rich grasses, which
improve in quantity and quality up to the snow of
the mountains.
The limits of this territory include the extreme
head of navigation of the Arkansas, all the good lines
of communication with California, the road from our
frontier to the Mexican boundary and Santa Fe,
and also an excellent and more direct pass to Ore-
gan, discovered by recent exploration, about one
hundred and fifty miles southward of the great
South Pass.
Although the number of inhabitants engaged in
agriculture and other pursuits within those limits do
not afford an amount of population at all adequate,
at present, to the formation of a full and complete
territorial government, yet gu«h an inchoate or pre-
Repori of the Secretary of War.
- Dec. 1844
Senate and H. of Reps.
Iiminary organization might b® now adopted as
would be necessary to extend the control and au-
thority of the general government, and to throw its
protection around our emigrants to Oregon in their
passage through this country.
A territorial organization of the country, and a
military force placed on the very summit whence
flow all the great streams of the North American
continent, either into the Gulf of Mexico, or the
Pacific Ocean, would no longer leave our title to the
Oregon Territory a barren or untenable claim.' Its
possession and occupancy would thenceforth not
depend upon t'le "aval superiority on the Pacific
ocean. Troops and supplies from the proj ected Ne-
braska Territory would be able to contend for its pos-
session with any force coming from the sea. Natural
obstructions in. the navigation of the Columbia
river would enable settlements gradually to approach
the coast, in defiance (if it should come to that) of
any navy in the world. The time, indeed, might
not be distant, when these very settlements would
supply all the elements which might.be needed, of
naval strength, to give us our natural and proper
position on the Pacific Ocean, fn carrying out
these views, I would recommend an appropriation
of $100,000 for erecting the military posts from the
Missouri river to the Rocky mountains.
The discharge of that power over all our Indian
affairs, which has been conferred upon the War
Department, is becoming every day more interesting,
involving great questions of humanity, the means of
education, and the advancement of the christian re-
ligion amongst an unfortunate and often wronged peo-
ple, with the great and benevolent design to save them
from total extinction. The comprehensive duties
thus thrown upon us acquire deeper concern, and
awaken more anxious topics of speculation, by a
knowledge of the fact that the government of the
United States, in the accomplishment of its own
laws, and of treaty stipulations, has transferred to
the country west of the Mississippi river eighty-
nine thousand two hundred and eighty-eight Indians
since the adoption of emigration—a policy which
must very soon exhaust itself in the entire removal
of all the remaining tribes within the limits of
any of the States. That number, (without em-
bracing, say seven thousand Choctaws and Miamies,
for whose emigration contracts are made,) added
to those tribes indigenous to the west side of the
Mississippi, and embracing those only of whom
returns have been made to the office of Indian
affairs, amounting to one hundred and sixty-eight
thousand six hundred and nineteen, will ahow an
Indian population of two hundred and fifty-four
thousand and ninety-two, known to the United
States, contiguous to our borders, and entirely in-
dependent of the vast and numerous tribes that
roam through the more distant forests of our own
territory, and whose wandering habits and propen-
sities render it impossible to make even a remote
calculation of their force.
Such, likewise, are our intimate connection and
fiscal concerns with those tribes under our immedi-
ate protection, that, by the estimates of the Indian
bureau for the coming year, a demand will be made
upon the government for the estimated annual ap-
propriation of one million one hundred and ninety-
three thousand six hundred and twenty-nine dollars
and fourteen cents. A portion of this sum, amount-
ing to seventy-seven thousand one hundred and
fifty-five dollars, exclusive of private contributions
made by various religious denominations, impelled
by the pure spirit of Christianity, is disbiused for the
purposes of education among the several Indian
tribes, agreeably to tieaty stipulations.
Some of these tribes, under the benign protection
and efforts of the general government, are rapidly
changing their condition, and assuming a character
which entitle them to higher consideration, and
must speedily press upon Congress the necessity of
deciding the question whether our policy must not
undergo an essential change, and, instead of a sys-
tem of guardianship, adopt that of incorporating and
extending over them the blessings of our own insti-
tutions, as their moral and intellectual improvement
advances, and encourages us to do so, without ex-
posing their present rights to imposition and
plunder.
In the course of the progress under our moral en-
terprise for their civilization, they must eventually
attain the sagacity to look out for individual and so-
cial rights, and that degree of general intelligence to
entitle them to the full extension of all the privi-
leges of American citizens. When that time shall
arrive, there wiU be no obstacle to political association
by reason of any natural or acquired repugnance to
the blood of the original American.
Amongst the various schemes and theories sug-
gested by philanthropic men for the elevation of the
condition of the aborigines, education is emphati-
cally the indispensable and only means by which
that great object of humanity can be attained. It is
also very obvious that that education must be dif-
fused as equally through the mass of the tribe as
capacity and aptitude will allow, bjr the establish-
ment of common schools within their own limits.
The education and intellectual advancement of a
few individuals of. a community, in a college or
school, at a distance from their tribe, do not pro-
mote the just and liberal'design of the government.
It is apprehended that the superior acquirements of
those few, placing them so much in advance of the
mass of their tribe, are apt to be employed in mo-
nopoly and selfish acquisition, if not in the oppres-
sion of their more ignorant and untutored brethren.
At the present day there is every encoui'agement
to indulge the hope that the indispensable and
only means I have intimated of civilization will be
gradually and voluntarily adopted, ,and efficiently
carried into practice by the red men themselves.
This gratifying encouragement rests upon the fact
that even the incomplete returns transmitted to the
Indian bureau furnish evidence of the establish-
ment of sixty-five schools amongst the emigrated
tribes immediately along our western border. May
we not also hope that those schools, under the
guidance of moral and Christian instructors, will
speedily expel from among the tribes the vile spirit-
house of the reckless Indian trader, whose evil
profits depend upon the destruction of every human
being with whom he deals?
I have so far proceeded in execution of your
earnest instructions that this department should
meet and satisfy the wishes of the people of the
States of Mississippi and Indiana, in reference to
the Choctaws and the Miamies, as to have made
contracts for the removal and subsistence of, those
tribes. The emigration of the former to their new
and chosen home is to commence within the pres-
ent year; and my information enables me to say
that the Miamies will be.removed from Indiana in
the early part of the next season.
When these contracts and the instructions to
which I have already adverted in relation to the
Seminoles of Florida shall be fulfilled, there will
then remain, certainly not an enemy, but merely a
few and very inconsiderable remnants of the vast
and powerful nations which once were the sole and
warlike possessors of the. entire region east of. the
Mississippi.
I regret to be obliged to refer to the continuance of
the serious dissensions unfortunately existing in one
ofthe mostenlightened Indian tribes—the Cherokees.
1 had hoped that the return to their homes of the
several delegations who were in attendance in this
city during the last session of Congress, represent-
ing the different parties which distract the nation,
would be attended by a disposition to sit down in
harmony and heal their unnatural feuds; that a just
and liberal spirit would animate those in power, and
that all would be permitted to exercise and enjoy
those persona! and political privileges which should
be the great objects of a people staving to imitate
the form and the institutions of that government un-
der the protection of which they exist as a nation.
My expectations not having been realized, I could
not feel myself relieved from the execution of a meas-
ure held out by me in ,my communications with
those delegations, as likely to become necessary and
just to all parties. Every pledge of honor and of
public faith demands of this government to sustain
the Cherokee authorities in the execution of their
legitimate powers, and, at the same time, to save the
minority from the barbarity of "Indian law," and
to prevent any future outbreak of tyrannical power.
Thus only can we discharge a duty we have incur-
red by a clausc in the treaty of 1835, wherein uthe
United States agree to protect the Cherokee nation
from domestic strife."
The intelligence received from the Cherokee coun-
try in October last determined me at once to appoint
and give authority to three commissioners of high
and impartial characters, to proceed to the nation
and to inquire on the spot into the conflicting allega-
tions and charges made by the several parties, to ex-
amine into the extent and the causes of the discon-
tent, and to ascertain.the intensity of the spirit of
hostility alleged ^to prevail between the different
bands of ilie tribe. By their report the troth will be
ascertainedJVom a disinterested souree; and if recon 
