u
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
t)ec. 1844.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate and H. of" Reps.
An increase of the number of pursers and sur-
geons is respectfully recommended. The number
of the former is not sufficient to relieve .the com-
manding officers from the necessity of performing
the duties of purser. For this they are not com-
pensated, the duties are not professional, and they are
sometimes involved in apparent defalcations for want
of knowledge of accounts and of the required forms
of vouchers. The duties of disbursing officer places
the commander in such a relation to the crew as to
affect injuriously the discipline of the ship. If pro-
vision shall be made for the increase of the number
of disbursing officers of the navy, as is earnestly rec-
ommended, it may-be effected with more economy,
and with great advantage, by authorizing the ap-
pointment of assistant pursers at a small salary.
Twelve such officers might be employed with great
advantage in the small vessels in commission. They
would acquire an accurate knowledge of their du-
ties, and constitute a class from which promotions
to the more important and responsible office of pur-
ser might be advantageously made. In the British
naval service, the employment of clerks in charge,
in the smaller vessels, doing the duty of purser, has
been approved, after long experience.
The number of surgeons and assistants is found
to be below the wants of the service. The Oregon
had to proceed to sea, recently, with a citizen sur-
geon, and the voluntary but reluctant resignation of
several passed assistant surgeons of great merit,
shows that the duties required of those in service are
greater than they ought to be subjected to.
The measures adopted to keep a regular property
account, and to enforce accountability in the pur-
chasing and disbursing of supplies and in the public
stores, have been very successful.
The inventories exhibit a very large amount of
public property under the control of this department;
and the returns required, and the examinations to
which they are subjected, will insure, in a great de-
gree, against any abuse or waste in this respect.
There appeared to be a considerable quantity of
articles of various kinds which were no longer fit for
use. After a careful selection of those which could
be made available with repair, the residue have been
directed to be sold and the proceeds carried to the
head of the appropriation from which they Were
purchased. A detailed statement of these sales will
be communicated as soon as they are closed.
Under the act of 17th June, 1844, and the joint
resolution of 18th February, 1843, a hemp agent has
been appointed for the State of Missouri. The
agents for Kentucky and Missouri have been in-
structed to afford ejpry facility and information on
the subject, and arrangements have been adopted for
purchases of hemp, with a view of carrying out the
policy indicated by Congress, of buying no more for-
eign hemp, if domestic can be procured of suitable
quality, and at as low a price. Some deliveries
have been made, and the reports as to their quality
are highly satisfactory. The same rule has been
adopted in procuring supplies of sail duck.
To enable the hemp-growers to have their prod-
ucts submitted to the necessary tests and inspection
with greater convenience, it is proposed to establish
a rope-walk at the Memphis depot, on the Missis-
sippi river.
In execution of theact of the 15th June last, to es-
tablish a navy-yard at or adjacent to the city of
Memphis, a board of officers was organized and
ordered to repair to that city, accompanied by Mr.
Sanger, the engineer of the bureau of yards and
docks. Captain Rousseau, Commander Adams, and
Lieutenant Johnston, were ordered on this duty;
they made the selection, and reported the results of
their examinations, with a draft and diagram, and
with the evidences of title as far as made. The se-
lection is approved, and believed to be highly advan-
tageous. But the difficulties, or rather delays, una-
voidably encountered in obtaining a perfect title to
the site, have suspended the organization of the es-
tablishment and the commencement of active opera-
tions. Estimates of additional appopriations for this
work are presented.
It is prososed to finish the construction of the frig-
ate St. Lawrence, of the sloops Albany and Ge.r-
mantown, and of the steamer at Pittsburgh. The
estimates from the Bureau of Construction contem-
plate the completion of these vessels and their equip-
ment. The reasons on which this recommendation
is founded are stated by the chief of that bureau in
his special report. Under the general head of appro-
priation for "increase, repair, &c.," as now present-
ed, coal and hemp, which have heretofore been a
(subject of specific appropriation, are included.
It is not proposed, during the coming year, to
procure any additional supplies of live oak timber
beyond those already contracted for. A schedule
of all outstanding contracts for supplies of materials
for construction was prepared by my direction soon
after the adjournment of Congress, and they have
been satisfactorily adjusted and closed, or limited
so as to bring them to a speedy consummation.
The estimates from this bureau provide for the re-
pairs of the necessary vessels-to keep up the con-
templated force uwderany circumstances of accident,
disaster, or recall; and for the Wear and tear of ves-
sels in commission or in ordinary.
It is also submitted for the consideration of Con-
gress, that an appropriation be made to rebuild the
frigate Guerriere, for completing the iron war-steam-
er which Robert L. Stevens, esq. has contracted to
build according to the provisions of the act of April,
14, 1842, and to build a brig to replace the Enter-
prise.
The estimates from the bureau of docks and
yards are made with a view of prosecuting with
efficiency the dock-yard at Memphis, with "its ap-
pendages, the works at Pensacola, and to carry out
the plan of improvement at the other dock-yards,
which was adopted in the year 1828. Amongst the
buildings estimated for at Pensocola, is a house or
shelter for coals for steamers, which is deemed of
very great consequence to the future operations of
our naval forccs. Whether appropriations shall be
made now, or at a future time, to complete the plan
of tha Atlantic dock-yards, is a question respectfully
submitted for the consideration of Congress.
There are reasons of great weight in favor of pro-
gressing with all these works with some degree of
activity. Labor is at a moderate price, and employ-
ment eagerly sought after. It is desirable to retain
in the public service experienced mechanics and la-
borers accustomed to the routine of duty, and the
regulations of the public works. Thus on an emer-
gency the public interest will not suffer by suddenly
calling into employment men who are not thus pre-
pared to be efficient. By temporary employment
and sudden discharges in dock-yards, great distress
is often produced, which justice to the men employ-
ed, and a due regard to the public interest, forbid.
By the act of 17th June, the Secretary of the
Navy was directed to expend an appropriation
therein made in "continuance of the work already
commenced at Brooklyn for the construction of a
stone dry-dock," or in the construction of a dry
dock on some other plan, if he shall deem the same
better suited for the purposes of the navy, as in
his discretion he shall deem best for the. public in-
terest."
In a subsequent section of the same act, the Sec-
retary of the Navy was directed to appoint a com-
petent board of officers and engineers to examine
and report to Congress at its next session the rela-
tive properties and advantages of a dry-dock and of
the different kinds of floating docks with or with-
out a basin and railways. A board of officers and
engineers, consisting of Commodore Kearney and
Capt. Wyman, of the navy, and Capt. A. Talcott,
and U. P. S. Sanger, civil engineers, were ordered
to perform this duty, and to examine the harbors
of Pensacola, and of Portsmouth, N. H., for the
purposes mentioned in the said section. Uncontrol-
lable circumstances have delayed the board m the
performance of their duties. But they have made
considerable progress, and their repoit may be ex-
pected at as early a day as will be consistent with
the thorough examination necessary to correct con-
clusions.
In discharge of the duty devolved on me by the
section first above recited, I repaired to New York
and examined the site at Brooklyn, and the plans of
docks submitted for my inspection.
One of these was Gilbert's balance dock, and the
other the sectional dock of Messrs. Moody &.Dakin.
Both are floating docks. Messrs. Moody & Dakin
have patented a plan of basin and railway, as an ap-
pendage to receive the vessel which has been ele-
vated by their dock. I am not aware that this last
improvement has been put into active operation,
otherwise than by a model. In view of the terms
employed, and of the duties imposed, by the two
sections above referred to, I construed the law to
require the establishment of a dry docl' at Brooklyn.
With our own experience of the admirable adapta-
tion of such structures to the purposes of the navy,
confirmed by the practice of the principal maritime
poweis of Europe, I felt it to be clearly my duty to
proceed with the stone dry dock, ill read y commenced
on a plan similar to those which hatj been so suc-
cessful at Norfolk and-Boston. Of the relative
properties and advances of floating docks, with or
without basin and railways, and of the stone dry
dock, for the purposes of the navy, I do not deem it
proper to express an opinion, as the aid informing
a correct conclusion, to be expected from the'board
charged with that inquiry, by "the direction of Con-
gress, was not at my command.
The work on'the stone dry dock is progressing
in a satisfactory manner, under the direction of
William Gibbs McNeill, esq., as engineer of the
dock. - "
The estimates from the bureau of yards and
docks also provide for improvements at the several
naval hospitals. These improvements are believed
to be important for the protection of the public prop-
erty, and to insure the safe and judicious treatment
of the sick. The navy hospital fund is not sufficient
to bear so heavy an outlay at once, and it is respect-
fully submitted for the consideration of Congress,
whether an appropriation shall be made for these
,&bj.ects in aid of the fund.
/I would also respectfully state that there are now
I confined in the several naval hospitals twelve in-
' sane persons belonging to the naval service. These
noble edifices, which have been constructed for the
accommodation and comfort of the sick and disa-
bled, have no suitable apartments for this treatment
of the insane. Those suffering under this deplorable
malady cannot receive that judicious treatment
: which has, in modern times, so frequently led to a
* recovery of reason; and the ravings of the maniae
often prove highly injurious to the sick inmates of
the hospital. I therefore suggest that, if it should
be the pleasure of Congress to provide an asylum
for the insane of the District of Columbia, provision
may be made for the insane of the navy and army in
the same establishment.
I invite attention to a report from the bureau of
ordnance and 'hydrography on the subject of the
delays and difficulties encountered in procuring, un-
der contract, as required by existing laws, ordnance
and gunpowder. The operation of the proviso to
the act of the 3d March, 1843, which requires that
all supplies for the navy, when time will permit,
shall be procured by contract with the lowest bidder
after advertisement, has not promoted the public in-
terest, nor secured to the public, in all cases, the ad-
vantage of a full and fair competition. To the head
of the department and the officers making purchases,
it is a great safeguard against reproaches or imputa-
tions of improper preferences. But experience has
demonstrated that the public interest is not promoted
in procuring many of the most important and neces-
sary supplies for the navy in this mode. Some of
these are ordnance, gundowder, and medicines.
The law gives no discretion, but the lowest bidder is
to have the contract, whatever may be his means,
his experience, or skill. If he declines, which he
may do without penalty, it is to be offered to the
next, and so on, until, not unfrequently, injurious,
delays occur, and well-founded complaints are made,
that By combination among bidders, the prices paid
are higher than the articles would have cost in open
market.
I deem it to be my duty to ask that the provisions
of this law, applying only to this department, may
be revised and modified.
The building for a depot of charts is completed,
and a substantial wall constructed around the square.
The grading 1ms been pariially made, and to com-
plete it, and to construct a house for the superintend-
ent, an estimate is submitted and an appropriation
recommended. The instruments purchased have
been received and pluecd in the depot. Thev are
we1! selected, and may be advantageously employed
m the necessary observations, with a \iew to calcu-
late nautical almanacs. For these we ore now in-
debted to foreign nations. This v,-oik may be done
by our own naval officers, without injury to the ser-
vice, and at a very small expense. St is confidently
belie vd that, in the pmccssof time, a most perfect
set of charts may be supplied from the depot to the
navy, and to the commercial marine, entirely to be
relied on for accuracy, at the mere cost of publica-
tion.
The operation of the system of supplying the
navy with clothing, established by the act of26th
August, 1842, has been highly satisfactory. An
appropriation of one hundred thousand dollars is
required to meet existing and future liabilities which
will call for payment before the returns from the
pay of the men will enable the department to contin-
ue the supplies. It is believed that after this appro-
priation, the addition to the per cent, oil the prime
