Dec. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate and H. of Reps.
! cost will cover all losses, and the receipts meet the
disbursements, while the system possesses the great
merit of furnishing tij the seamen the best clothes at
moderate prices.
/ ■The navy hospital fund, on the 1st day of No-
I vember, 1844, consisted of two hundred and thirty
j thousand four hundred and tlnrty-four dollars and
; fourteen cents. The number of aged and disabled
! seamen who have sought a home at the asylam
>" near Philadelphia, has so increased that it was
found necessary to their comfort to provide for
withdrawing the governor and surgeon from the
rooms occupied by them m the building. Two
houses, according to the original plan, have been
erected and are nearly completed, to be occupied by
; these officers. A small slip of ground adjoining the
' site of the asylum has been purchased at a reasona-
ble price. These are believed to be very important
additions to the establishment.
- If it shall be the pleasure of Congress to authori/.e
' the investment of the fund in securities of the United
I States, it would add considerably to its income.
: The money is now unproductive in the treasury,
; and I earnestly recommend that authority be given
. to make the investment.
v- The condition of the navy pensiot fund, and the
claims on it, are stated in the report of t lie Commis-
sioner of Pensions, herewith transmitted.
(Great anxiety is felt by many of the surgeons and
assistant surgeons, and of the pursers in the navy
to have allowed them an assimilated rank: the cor-
responding officers in the army enjoy it without det-
t riment to the service. 1 respectfully recommend
V_4h« subject to consideration.
Pursuant to tho act of the 17th of .Tune last, the
naval storekeepers at Rio de Janeiro, Hong Kong,
Mahon, the Capo de Voids, and the Sandwich Isl-
ands, were discontinued, and, with as little delay
as practicable, officers of the navy weie ordered to
perform those duties. As these offic.crs were re-
quired to give bond before they entered on the exe-
cution of (heir orders, some delay occurred in mak-
ing the selection. The compensation allowed to
each is fifteen hundred dollars per aimuni, and to
each is allowed a clerk at six hundred dollars per
annum.
The experimental examinations of coals, of iron
and ofcopper, til which Professor Waller 1?. John-
son was engaged, and on which he reported at the
last session of Congress, were suspended, the ap-
propriations being exhausted. If it shall be tho
pleasure of Congress to have tliem continued, an ap-
propriation will be necessary.
Ill pursuance of the directions of the act of June
17th, orders were given for I lie discharge of all per-
sons in the. navy appointed as master's mates, to do
duty as midshipmen, since 4th clay of August, 1842,
and who were not at the time of their appointment
seamen of the liist class. These orders have been
executed as to all persons thus situated who were
in the United States, orwlio have returned from for-
eign stations.
The third section of the aet repealed so much of
previous acts of Congress as provided that officers
temporarily performing the duties belonging to
those of a higher giadc. should receive the com-
pensation of such higher grade while actually so
employed.
1 respectfully suggest that the operation of this
repealing act on those officers who are thus em-
ployed on foieign stations will probably involve
them in very serious embarrassments. Uninformed
of its passage, they will regulate their expenditures
by the rate of compensation which they supposed
that the law accoids to them, and in some of the
squadrons may not be advised of their mistake until
they have received the higher pay, and expended it
to so large an amount as to leave them without any
income from their pay for a long time. It is not de-
sirable that the officers should be indebted to the
government; and to many the regular receipt of their
pay is necessary to their support.
I would respectfully suggest that the operation of
the law as to them should be postponed until infor-
mation of its passage shall be received on board the
vessel to which the officer so situated may be at-
tached; and I would recommend that it should not
embrace the case of passed midshipmen performing
the duty of master. The expenses necessarily in-
curred by this class of officers m the performance
of these duties, is beyond the pay of their own grade.
Their sen-ices as master are highly advantageous;
and with the present limited number of warranted
roasters, many of whom are unable to go to sea,
from age or infirmity, indispensable.
The report of the commandant of the marine
corps on the necessity of an increase of the numbers
m that branch of the service, is respectfully recom-
mended to consideration.
I respectfully repeat the recommendation of the
last annual report, that an additional number of per-
manent clerks be allowed to this department and the
several bureaux. The force now allowed by law,
except for a limited time, and for temporary pur-
poses, is not sufficient to perform the duties which
the present arrangement of the business in the de-
partment requires. The appropriation now made for
temporary purposes, and the two clerks allowed for
the current year, with an addition of two or three
book-keepers in the bureaux, would procure a suffi-
cient number of permanent clerks.
The division of the duties of this department,
made by the act of reorganization of 31st August,
1842, has produced much system and order in its
operations, and promises to be yet more beneficial in
its results, under regulations suggested by experi-
ence. The duties of the chiefs of the bureaux are
very laborious; and advantage would result from a
division of the duties of the bureau of construction,
equipment, and repair, and the establishment of
another bureau.
The estimates from the several bureaux and from
the commandant of the marine corps of the sums
which will be reqiurod for the proposed service of
the ensuing year, ar« transmitted with this report.
Respectfully submitted:
JOHN Y. MASON,
Secretary of the Navy.
To the Piiebident of the United States.
RICPORT Ol'' T1IE POSTMASTER GENER A L.
Post OmrE Dr.r.vimiKNT,
25th November, 1844.
Sin: It will be gratifying to you, and no doubt to
the country, to be informed, as preliminary to a de-
tailed report of the operations of this department
during the part year, and of its present condition,
that for the time it has been under the superintend-
ence, of the undersigned, and during the whole of
your administration, its current expenses have been
met by its current revenue, and the amount of ser-
vice is now greater than at the commencement of the
year 1841.
A further extension of the usefulness of the de-
partment would have been made, but for the embar-
rassments and difficulties it had to encounter by the
operations of private mails established upon the lead-
ing lines of post romls connecting the important com-
mercial cities and towns of the United States.
In tho absence of that legislation heretofore sug-
gested as necessary to protect the department against
the inroads upon its revenue, there is cause of con-
gratulation, it not surprise, that 1 have not yet been
compelled to curtail the service below its present
amount.
The total transportation of the mail by horse, and
in stages, railroads, and steamboats, for the year
endiclg the. 10th June, 1814, supplying 14,10:1 post
offices, at a cost of $2,938,551, was 35,40!),(>24 miles,
exceeding the transportation for the year 1841 by
413,100 miles.
The income of the department for the year ending
the 30th June, 1844, was as follows:
Letter postage -
Newspaper postage -
Fines -
Miscellaneous receipts
Total revenue reported
- $3,G7(>,IG1 53
54!),743 83
135 00
11,245 47
£4,237,285 83
The total amount of expenditure settled and paid
for the same period is $4,296,867 7(1.
The year winch has passed has been distinguish-
ed in many poitions of the countiy, paitical.uly in
the South and West, by excessive rams and floods,
interposing obstructions to the regular transit of the
mails, which it was impossible for the most vigilant
end enterprising contractors to overcome. With
exceptions of this kind, the service has been gen-
erally well performed by contractors.
The revenue collected by postmasters, with very
few exceptions, lias been promptly paid and ac-
counted for; and it is worthy of remark, that of the
§17,488,087 18 collected by postmasters within the
last four years, no material loss has been, or will
be, sustained by the government.
Contractors, and all others having legal claims up-
on the department, have been, during the same pe-
riod, promptly paid.
It gives me pleasure to say of the disbursing
agent of this department, that he has discharged his
trust with a commendable fidelity. The whole
amount of appropriations, for the last four years,
which have been disbursed by him, is $404,852 68.,
His accounts have been regularly settled at the treas-
ury, up to the 30th September, 1844, and every dol-
lar legally and properly accounted for.
The various duties of the assistants arid clerks of
the department have been well and efficiently per-
formed.
The report of the First Assistant Postmaster
General, of the extent and nature of. the service for
the last eight years, with costs of transportation, ac-
companies this report. I refer to this report as con-
taining valuable statistical information of the amount
of capital employed in the transportation of the mail.
It will also be seen by the same report, that at the
recent lettings of the middle section, without any-
injurious alterations of-the service, the sum of
$91,471 has been saved, compared with the amount
paid under the former contracts.
The number of cases of mail depredations report-
ed to the department, for three years preceding.the
19th October, 1844, is nineteen hundred and thirty-
four. Amount of alleged loss, $462,135. Amount
of money recovered, or loss satisfactorily ascer-
tained, $304,242. One hundred mail depredators
have been arrested and tried, during the same pe-
riod.
I am warranted in the expression of the opinion,
that the number of mail depredations has been di-
minishing within the last few years, and greater se-
curity, by greater vigilance, has increased public
confidence in this mode of transmitting money from
one portion of the country to the other.
From the above facts it may be inferred that the
special agents of the department have not bee* alto-
gether unmindful of their duty. It is not alone to
silent investigations into cases of losses by mail that
their labors have been confined. They are charged
with a general out-door superintendence of the ser-
vice, and the preservation of the public property of
the department.
The necessity and importance of such supervi-
sion, and the advantage of a strict system of re-
sponsibility, may, in some degree, be known from
the value and amount expended annually for a por-
tion of this public property. Take, for instance,
the item of mail bags. The amount expended for
this purpose, for the four years, including the
amount of accounts suspended prior to the first of
July, 1840, which amount of suspended accounts
was paid in 1841 and 1842, was $216,889. The
amount actually expended for thi^four years prece-
ding the first of July, 1844, is $70,558 40.
The members of the convention who framed the
constitution of the United States felt the necessity
that the power to establish post offices and post
roads, and to conduct the operations of the mail,
was one which, to be useful, and commensurate
with the wants of our extended country and diver-
sified interests, must be exclusively vested in the
Congress of the United States, whose legislative
functions and supervision would pervade the whole
sphere of the operations of that power.
The expense of the system must be sustained by
the same power which created and controls it.
For reasons obvious to those who founded the
post-office system of the United States, the princi-
ple that it must sustain itself by its own operations
w.is engrafted into the first, and has been adhered
t'i in every subsequent act of legislation concerning
the department. Whilst it has ever been required
to sustain its own expenses, unlike the system in
some other countries, it has not been regarded as a
source of revenue to the general treasury.
Our predecessors seemed to have adopted th# rule,
that those who used the Post Office Department for
private or individual purposes or benefits, should
defray the expenses of transporting and delivering
their letteis. That, as it had te be sustained by a
tax of some sort, (the mode of collecting that tax
by postage ori letters, &c., being voluntary,) was
deemed most equal, and has heretofore proved ac-
ceptable to the community.
It was thought, in the infancy of our republic,,
that it was unwise, if not unjust, that those who
did not use the post office should be directly taxed
for the benefit of those who did. Hence they im-
posed such a tariff of postage as, in their judgment,
would best attain the great object of sustaining the
depaitment at the least practicable amount.
The wisdom and justice of this rule are not over-
turned by the fact, that the mode of collecting the
revenue has been changed from a system of direst
