24
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
Dec.-18®,.
S8th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate and H. 6f Reps.
ernment so taxing the people for mere accumulation
and hoarding, is ne wiser, no more benevolent than
the miser, who, burying his gold, obstructs the in-
crease of his store, and denies to his household the
comforts of life for fear of future want.
Nor should the temptations to extravagance and
waste in the expenditures of government, arising
from exuberance of revenue and an overflowing
treasury, be overlooked. Expensive extravagant
establishments and habits of waste, when once cre-
ated by a government, are difficult to be reformed
and retrenched. In the conflict between the interests
of tax payers and tax enjoyers, there are never
wanting those who propose various fanciful schemes
for absorbing the revenue, and preventing the bur-
den of taxation from being lessened, whereby their
inordinate gains individually would be lessened. By
such, even a national debt would be advocated as a
national blessing; and high rates of duties on im-
ports of goods and merchandise, be urged as the
efficient means of lessening prices to the consumers.
A national debt, by its interest annually accruing,
increases the burden of taxation, and may be liken-
ed to an eating moth, which is feeding upon and
despoiling the substance.
To a government which stands in need of artifi-
cial aids to bind men to its support, and force others
to submit to injustice, inequality, and oppression, a
national debt may be appealed to as an auxiliary in
taming Jhe spirit of resistance and revolution. But
in a government based upon equality of rights, with
no exclusive privileges, there is no; need of a na-
tional debt; it is no more a national blessing than a
private debt, eating into annual income, is a private
blessing.
Duties on imports tend to circumscribe the quan-
tity of goods imported, because of the capital re-
quired to pay the duties. By diminishing the quan-
tity of imported merchandise, the competition be-
tween imported articles and like articles manufac-
tured in the United States is lessened; and such les-
sening of the supply and competition has a direct
tendency to raise the prices to consumers.
The amount of the duty paid upon the article is
incorporated with the natural price of the commodi-
ty, and is paid along with it by the consumer. It is
nearly the same in effect as if the consumer should
pay the natural price of the article to the manufac-
turer or importer, and shoulil at the same time pay
'a tax to the government equal to the duty laid upon
,the article.
The merchant or importer pays no part of the du-
ties on imports, except in so far as he is a consumer;
he doe? but advance the duty to the government at
the custom house; he is afterwards reimbursed, with
his profit as well upon the original cost of the arti-
cle as upon the duty he has advanced, by raising
the price of the article, and thereby devolving the
original cost, the tax paid to the government, and
his profit, 011 the consumer. Every intermediate
sale and profit between the importer and the retailer,
down to the consumer, enhances the price of the
commodity to the consumer, who must ultimately
pay the original cost of the article, the duty, and all
the intermediate profits and expenses, being com-
ponent parts of the price at which the commodity is
offered for sale.
The duty paid upon an imported article goes into
the public treasury; the enhanced prices upon arti-
cles of like kind manufactured in the United States,
caused by the duties on like articles imported, and
.paid by the consumer, of such uiiimported auicles,
,go into the private purses of the manufacturers.
Another cause of increase of prices of commodi-
ties is to be found in the relative increase of circu-
.lating medium, compared with the mass of merchan-
dise offered for sale. The increase of circulating
medium arises from two causes: the one is the in-
crease of the quantity of gold and silver; the other
is by the artificial means of paper circulation.
The increase of gold and silver first takes place in
the nations that are proprietors of the mines of
those precious metals; but the gold and silver are
gradually diffused among all nations connected by a
regular commercial intercourse. The increase of
gold and silver cannot be sudden, bccause it is regu-
lated by the labors of mining, smelting, and refining,
.coining, and putting it into cixeolation, and by the
general laws of trade and commerce.
The increase of the circulating medium by the
artificial means of paper [credits and bank notes,
- whilst it has the same effect upon the prices of com-
■roodities in the nation wherein it prevails most
• sirandantly, has not the advantages of a slow and
gradual increase, as in respect pf gold and silver
coins, but is liable to sudden changes and fluctua-
tions; has not the same tendency to diffusion and
equalization by commercial intercourse between dif-
ferent nations; occasions considerable difficulty often-
times in commercial transactions, and always to the
disadvantage of the nation wherein such fictitious
paper currency most abounds.
Each of these increases of the circulating medium
after the time of contracting debts, subjects every
creditor, public and private, to a loss proportionate
to the degree of the relative depreciation in the value
of money, whilst appreciations subject debtors to
loss. Alterations in the standard weights and fine-
ness of coins, or in their relative value, rates of
tale, or in the relative value between coins and paper
currency, produce similar effects upon the relation of
debtor and creditor, and are, therefore, in the general,
evils to be deprecated.
The supply and demand for goods and merchan-
dise being given and alike, and the quantity of cir-
culating medium being given and alike, at any given
periods, the lessening of the rates bf duty on imports
of goods and merchandise, would be attended by a
proportionate lessening of the prices of goods and
merchandise. Other circumstances being equal, the
increase of the duties upon imports of goods and mer-
chandise has a direct tendency to increase prices;
the lowering of the rates of duty a direct tendency
to lower the prices. "
The system of revenue enacted by the law of
1842 for imposing duties on imports, will yield, ac-
cording to the estimates founded upon the past, and
prospects of the future, a much greater amount of
annual revenue than is necessary for the support of
the government, the public credit, and the wants of
the treasury. The accumulations expected to ensue
before the years 1853 and 1863, have been stated.
These accumulations of annual surplus revenue can
be applied but partially towards the purchase of the
certificates of stock redeemable, respectively, in the
years 1853 and 1863. The pleasure of the holders
of those certificates of stock is to be consulted, and
not solely the will and ability of the government to
redeem in anticipation of the days appointed by the
contracts of loan. But few of those certificates, com-
pared with the whole sum, are brought into market,
and those sell at a price above par value. It cannot
be affirmed that, if the government should offer mod-
erate premiums for those certificates, they could be
purchased, except in part, not totally.
All that can be done is to provide a sinking fund
adequate to pay the interest on the public debt, and
to purchase so much in each year of the principal
as shall be offered for sale at reasonable rates for the
certificates of stock, and to amount, in the succession
of years which must elapse before they will be le-
deemable by the terms of the contracts, to a suf-
fiency to pay the principal when the time for re-
demption shall arrive.
If the government will purchase before the time
limited for redemption, at par, or at a fixed price
above par, then the stocks will not fall below that
price; because, if no individual will give as much to
a holder desiring to sell, such holder will apply to
the manager of the sinking fund to become the pur-
chaser.
A sinking fund of two millions of dollars annu-
ally is deemed sufficient for the purpose of prevent-
ing the certificates of stock from falling below par
value, and for paying the annual interest and re-
deeming the principal sums of those loans at the
respective penuds asbi^ned for redemption; and the
duties may be graduated and lowered to that scale.
In establishing a sinking fund, two modes have
been heretofore beneficially used by the Congress;
the one by appropriating the undefined surplus re-
maining m the treasury in each year, after satisfy-
ing all appropriations for the support of the govern-
ment, as adopted by "An act making provision for
the reduction of the public debt,''approved August
12, 1790, and the supplementary acts of May 8,
1792, and the 3d March, 1795; the other by ap-
propriating a definite sum annually, and to be in-
creased by the annual interest upon the certificates of
stock purchased,and the annual surplus in the treasury
above appropriations and expenditures for the sup-
port of government, after leaving two millions of
dollars in the treasury to supply any deficiency in
the estimated revenue, as adopted by an "An act
making provision for the whole of the public debt
of the United States," approved 29th April, 1802,
and the supplement of the 3d March, 1817.
As the annual proceeds of the duties on imports
and tonnage and the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands are uncertain in awountj and dis-
posable surplus above the annual wants for support
of government camjot be exactly known, it- Beans
to be most convenient to adopt the plan used'under
the acts of 1790 and 1795, of applying the annual
surplus of revenue above the sum necessary for the
support of government; and it is respectfully rec-
ommended that the commissioners of the sinking
fund—to consist of the chief justice^of- the United
States,, the Secretary of Slate, the Secretary of.the
Treasury, and the Attorney General—or a majority
of them, shall be authorized from time to time to de-
termine the rates at which the certificates of stock
shall be purchased at par or above par value.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in the discharge
of the duty requirec of him by the act-establishing
the Treasury Department, most respectfully recom-
mends to Congress a review and reformation of the
act of 1842 to provide revenue-from imports.
Weighty considerations before mentioned, and
others to be mentioned, concur in pleading for such
review and reform.
The constitution of the United States ordains that
"all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform
throughout the United States." "No preference shall
be given,by any regulation of commerce or revenue, to
the ports of one State over those of another." The act
does not purport any violation of those provisions
of the coustitution; but the lack of perspicuity and
exact definitions in some of the enactments of that
law give rise to different constructions by collectors
at different ports; so that practically, and in fact,
different rates of duties on like articles have been
collected at different ports in the States. As often
as these differences were made known to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, circular letters have been sent
to the collectors to produce uniformity; but such
differences are continually arising. These differen-
ces of duties at the ports of the different States are
evils inflicted before the subjects of difference are
brought to the knowledge of the Secretary of the
Treasury. The proper rates of duty cannot be ex-
acted after the importer, has paid a rate too low,
and obtained his goods and a clearance from the cus-
tom house. The return of excess where higher
rates of duties than imposed bjr law have been ex-
acted- by the collector, is a palliation, but not com-
plete redress of the evil.
The provisions of the eighth and eleventh sec-
tions of the act declare that nothing therein shall be
construed or permitted to operate so as to interfere
with subsisting treaties with foreign nations; and
such provision is necessarily to be applied to other
sections, inasmuch as the act of the Congress can-
not abrogate the obligations of a subsisting treaty.
The collectors at the various ports are thus left, in
the first instance, to compare the law with the stipu-
lations of the various subsisting treaties with for-
eign nations, and determine the question as to the
rate of duty on the particular article imported, or
whether it should be free of duty. If the collector
exacts too high a duty, then the Secretary of the
Treasury is invoked to revise the'act of the collector.
Various complaints on this subject of the conflict of
the act of 1842 with subsisting treaties have been
made; and as often as the Secretary of the Treasury
has decided upon the complaints of the diplomatic
agents of foreign nations, other questions have arisen
as perplexing. It is respectfully suggested that the
better mode of legislation would be for the Congress
to consider the stipulations of subsisting treaties,
make the letter of the act of Congress conform to
the obligations of the treaties, so that the collectors
shall have a plain rule of conduct prescribed in the
letter of the statute, instead of leaving to the collect-
ors the responsibility of modifying the stakite by
the superior obligations and faith of the treaties.
Past facts and examples teach the importance of
such modification of the statute, and will assist in
making the reform.
It is recommended that the duties on wines be
changed from specific to ad valorem duties, so as to
avoid any difficulty which may grow out of a treaty
with one nation} that no other or higher duties shall
be imposed upon goods or merchandise of the
growth or products of that nation than are or shall
be imposed upon like articles the growth or produce
of any other foreign nation; and that the exemption
from duty of tea and coffee, when imported in ves-
sels of the United States from places of their growth
or production, be modified, so as to avoid .the diffi-
culty growing out of the treaty stipulation, by treaty
that no other or higher duties shall be charged or
collected in the ports of the United States, upon arti-
cles imported in the vessels of the contracting for-
eign nation, than m or ehalj b? charged ana col-:
