APPENDIX TO TfiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
6eCi 1844?
28th Cong.. ..2d Sess.
Correspondence with Mexico.
Senate and H. of Reps.
isted in every part of the Union for the last twenty
years, it is indeed surprising, that in the year 1828
they should have agreed, by the ratifications of the
treaties of limits with Spain, to acknowledge that
province as'an integral part of the Mexican repub-
lic. , If these reasons were then good, why did they
not amend the defect in the first treaty, and at least
make some reservation to support that right which
now begins to be brought forward, and which they
endeavor to make valid?" It is equally surprising
that it should be desired to found on the security of
the United States, the right to appropriate a vast
and fertile province, belonging to a neighboring na-
tion, and recognised as an integrant part of its terri-
tory by solemn treaties. If this argument were
good, few nations could rest secure and quiet in the
possession of their respective territories; because the
strongest would always have a reason for absorbing
the weaker, on the grounds of their own security.
Thus the United States'! after taking Texas, might
by the same title adjudge to themselves the other
frontier departments of the Mexican republic, if
they should not proceed at once with the territory
comprehended between the rivers Bravo del Norte
and the Colorado, which empties into the Californian
Gulf, and their respective sources. Can Mexico,
finding herself threatened by these new and over-
whelming evils, especially as she sees a powerful
reason for fearing them in the unworthy [poco leal ]
conduct of the government and the people of the
southern States of the Union as regards the Texas
question—can she fail to avail herself of her right of
security, founded on better titles than those which
the Hon. Mr. Shannon's republic cap adduce, on the
grounds of providing against the influence of Great
Britain, which is considered as ominous of evil to
the welfare and prosperity of the American people?
For, whilst Mr. Tyler's government is seeking the
security of his country by seizing a territory be-
longing to another, the government of the Mexi-
can republic provides for its own safety by endeav-
oring to retain a province which belongs to it by
every right; whilst the American government is en-
deavoring to avoid an inconvenient neighbor, the
Mexican government, operating with the same ob-
ject, also strives to preserve its other departments,
and even its national existence, which are placed in
jeopardy; finally, whilst the one power is seeking
more ground to stain by the slavery of an unfortu-
nate branch of the human race, the other is endeav-
oring, by preserving what belongs to it, to diminish
the support which the former wants for this detesta-
ble traffic. Let the world now say which of the two
has justice and reason on its side. The undersigned,
coming to the charge made against his government
as to the manner in which it proposes to conduct the
war against the so-called Texians, will say that its
severity has been occasioned by the policy of the
government and of the people of the southern States
of the Union, conformable neither with the relations
of good neighborhood, nor with the respect due to
the right of a friendly nation. Because, if, instead
of fomenting the spirit of rebellion in the native cit-
izens of the United States established in Texas
against the government of that Territory, they had
been made to understand, in a decisive and effective
manner, that .they could in no case rely on the as-
sistance of their own country in support of their
undertaking—if the neutrality inculcated by Presi-
dent Jackson in his message of December 8, 1835,
as a duty on the part of the United States in the
civil struggle between Mexico and Texas, had been
other than a vain formality, and he had effectually
repressed what he then called strong temptations and
powerful inducements to protect theTexians, it is al-
most certain that they never could have ventured to
rise in insurrection, and still less to proclaim their
independence: the war would not have arisen; and
even though it should have broken out, as the noble
and honorable conduct of the United States would in
justice have inspired unbounded confidence, the
struggle would not have been influenced nor have
reached the extremity to which it was brought by
the open co-operation of Messrs. Jackson and Ty-
ler, and of the southern States of the Union. This
has caused the Mexican government to see, as it
now sees, a conflagiation, the flames of which ithas
endeavored and is endeavoring to quench by any
means in its power, and for all the evils of which
those should be responsible who have provoked
them by acting in this dishonorable manner,
Besides, can the manner in which a government
endeavors to restore to order one of its provinces
which has declared itself independent, give to the
government of a neighboring nation the right to
prevent the former by force of arms from recon-
quering that territory, and on such a pretext to ap-
propriate it to itself? The undersigned has said that
the colonists of Texas, without the assistance of the
government and people ofthe southern States of the
American Union, would neither have risen in re-
bellion nor have had the means to maintain their
independence. Nevertheless, admitting the fact to
be established that the inhabitants of the province
in insurrection could have succeeded in withdraw-
ing from the dominion of the Mexican, republic,
and could have had resources adequate to place them
m security against the-attacks of this republic,
should not the United States have limited them-
selves to the recognition of their independence; and,
in case the war against them should have been con-
ducted m a manner not conformable with the usage
genorally adopted, should they not have been con-
tent with interposing their good offices to have it
carried on regularly, from respect to humanity,
which is so little respeccted in the United States,
and to prevent the evils which President Tyler af-
fects to fear? Why not act in this case as the other
powers who acknowledged the independence of
Texas have done, without endeavoring to prevent
the Mexican government from availing itself of its
rights over the territory in insurrection? Is it be-
cause the government of the United States has
pledged itself to the Texians to ask for their annex-
ation again, aind because under this supposition its
honor does not allow it to see another suffer in its
place? It is scarcely to be believed that a most
serious fault should serve as a reason for committing
another and a greater one, especially as there is no
obstruction to saying so in an important document
which is-to be made known to the whole civilized
world. If honor does not allow the American gov-
ernment to see another suffer in its place, neither
does it allow it to acknowledge the independence
of Texas, as declared in the President's message
of December, 183B, and still less to invite the Tex-
ians to renew their proposition for annexation, fail-
ing so clearly in the honor and consideration due to
a friendly and neigboring nation, due in respect to
the repeated assurances of good faith, by means of
which it has been attempted to tranquillize them.
But, admitting that the conduct of Mexico has not
been strictly regular, why, instead of completing an
act at variance with all morality, docs not the Amer-
ican government recede, and give full satisfaction to
the friendly power whose rights it has outraged,
using its influence over that power in an amicable
manner, so as to calm her just irritation against
rebels whom it has compromised, and negotiating
to the effect that those rebels, by returning under
the authority of their legitimate sovereign, may ob-
tain indulgence and the passage of laws of exception
in their favor sufficient to satisfy their wants? Mex-
ico has manifested the best disposition to do so;
but, as the object of the United States is to annex
to themselves the province of Texas, the acquisi-
tion of which has been considered necessary and in-
dispensable by all parties and all administrations in
that republic for the last twenty years, nothing but
that is wanted; and for that a state of things has
been brought about, to give-an appearance of jus-
tice to an act which can in no way be justified.
Now, whether these proceedings have been honora-
ble or not—whether the conduct of the two admin-
istrations and of the people of the southern States of
the Union, who have proposed to dismember the
territory of the Mexican lepublic, is or is not con-
formable with the l;\u- of nations and the relations
of friendship which the government of the under-
signed has emleavered to maintain with them, the
civilized world will decide, and the northern portion
of the United States will also decide—that portion
on whose honor Mexico relies, doing to it the jus-
tice which it merits, and which its own government
endeavors to take from it by representing it as an
accomplice in a policy to which the nobleness of its
generous sentiments is repugnant. As it then ap-
pears, from what has been here said, that every thing
alleged by the American government to prevent
Mexico from recovering the province of Texas, is,
upon analysis, a manifest violation of the law of na-
tions, because it reduces itself to a demand that that
government should be allowed to effect the usurpa-
tions of a large portion of the territory of a friendly
power, to which end it has been laboring for the
fast twenty years, reserving to itself the faculty to
do so, unless the object could in the mean time be
attained by friendly negotiations, and the right of
this republic to the said territories, the ownership
and sovereignty of which have beep solemnly recog-
nised by the government of the'United States being
unquestionable, the Mexican government neither cart
nor should cease its exertions to bring thjsse territo-
ries back under its dominion.
The undersigned therefore has orders to repel
(recharar) the protest now addressed to his govern-
ment, and to declare to Mr. Shannon that the Presi-
dent «f the United States is much mistaken if he
supposes-Mexico capable" of yielding to the menace
which he, exceeding the powers given to him by the
fundamental law of his nation, has directed against
it. The government of the undersigned does not
desire, nor has it ever desired, to interrupt the rela-
tions of friendship which it wishes in good faith to
cultivate with that republic, notwithstanding the lat-
ter has so seriously failed in its duty on the point in
question, so far as to declare plainly that it has been '
for twenty years deceiving Mexico with pro'testa- ■
tions of honor, whilst it has been during al( that time
desiring to seize gradually or by force one of her
most extensive and fertile departments. Mexico,
therefore, at present desists from saying more, but
she does not desist, nor will she ever desist, from
endeavoring to bring back into the national union a
territory which by every title is.her own; and if, on
her using this right, which gives offence to no one,
the government ofthe United should proceed to car-
ry into effect the threat uttered against her by chang-
ing the existing relations between the, two countries,
the responsibility for the consequences which may
result will rest upon them, and not upon the Mexi-
can government, which will confine itself entirely to
repelling unjust and unprovoked aggression.
The undersigned repeats to the Hon. Mr. Shan-
non the assurances of his most distinguished consid-
eration.
MANUEL CRECENSIO REJON.
The Hon. Wilson Shannon,
Envoy Extraordinary, &c.
No. 2.—Mr. Shannon io Mr. Rejon.
Legation op the U. S. of America,
Mexico, November 4, 1844.
The undersigned, envoy, &c. has received and
read with surprise the note of his excellency M. C.
Rejon, Minister of Foreign Relations of the Repub-
lic of Mexico, of the 31st ultimo, which purportsUo
be in reply to the note of the undersigned of the,14th
of the same month, protesting against the proposed
invasion of Texas at this time by Mexico, and the
mode in which it is proposed to be conducted.
The undersigned can hold no communication with
the government of Mexico unless in terms respect-
ful to himself and to the government asd people
whom he has the honor to represent.
The note of his excellency Mr. Rejon repeatedly
charges, in terms the most grossly offensive, the
government and people of the United States with
falsehood, artifice, intrigue, and designs of a dishon-
orable character, and with barefaced usurpation. It
also charges General Jackson with having, while
President of the United States, sent General Hous-
ton to Texas with the secret purpose and dishonor-
able design of exciting that people to revolt, with
the view of procuring the annexation of that territo-
ry to the United States.
These charges are predicated in part on a misrep-
resentation of the note of the undersigned, so gross
and palpable, and are so often repeated in language
so offensive, as to manifest a purpose of deliberately
insulting the people and government of the United
States. * To such charges, so unfounded, made in
language st insulting, and for such a purpose, the
undersigned can make no reply. He has, there-
fore, no alternative but to demand that the note be
withdrawn.
As the undersigned proposes to send by a special
messenger, to leave on the morning of the 10th in-
stant, despatches to his government, and as the fu-
ture relations to subsist between the United States
and Mexico may depend on the representations
which he may then make to his government, he re-
quests an immediate reply to this note.
The undersigned renews, &c.
WILSON SHANNON.
To his excellency M. C. Rejon,
Minister of Foreign Relations and Government,
&c.
[Translation.]
Nu. 3.—From Mr. Rejon to Mr. Shannon.
National Palace, ,
Mexico, November 6, 1844.
The undersigned, Minister of Foreign Relations
