Dec. 1844.
APPENDIX TO TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Correspondence with Mexico.
Senate and H. of Reps.
and Government, has received the note from the
Hon. Wilson Shannon, Envoy Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary of the "United States of
America, dated the 4th instant, relative to the reply
given to him by the undersigned on the 31st of Oc-
tober last, repelling the protest which the Hon. Mr.
Shannon made against the,invasion o.f Texas by the
Mexican government, and the manner in which it
was proposed to be carried on.
As the conduct observed by the government and
southern people of the United States, in the question
respecting the said province belonging to this repub-
lic, has been very irregular; the undersigned is not
surprised that, after the question had been placed in
its true point of view, and freed from the intricacies
in which it had been intentionally involved, the
American minister should have been unwilling to
enter upon it, and should give, as a pretext for not
doing so, that he was not_ allowed to continue com-
munications with this government, except in terms
respectful to himself, and to the government and
nation represented by him. In fact, to what else
can be attributed this exclusive desire #n the part of
the Hon. Mr. - Shannon to claim for himself, his
nation, and his government., leaving aside the ques-
tion at issue, that respect denied by him to the Mex-
ican republic and its government, to _which he has
so often applied the term barbarous in his note of
the 14th of October? Is the government of the
United States superior in dignity, or has its legation
any right to be thus far wanting in respect for a
government to which it has refused the attentions
due by courlcsy to mere individuals?
Mexico may with justice claim reparation for
these injuries, and would easily obtain it, if the
American government, instead of endeavoring to
cultivate friendly relations and amity with lie.r, did
not seek the occasion to change these relations by
provoking a rupture which the government of the
undersigned has endeavored and is still endeavoring
to avoid.
The Mexican government might also have return-
ed insult for insult, by openiy using the same un-
courteous language, which characterizes the two
preceding notes from the American legation; but it
knows what is due to itself, after an attempt has
been made to cover it with opprobrium before the
whole world, in treating a question in which it lias
justice and reason on its side. And Mexico has
been obliged to refer to important acts, tending to
prove the dishonorable conduct of two administra-
tions and of the southern people of the United
States. No other resource has been left to her,
in order to render obvious the justice of her
cause, as well as the injustice of the attempt
made to take from hrran important, portion of her
territories, the acquisition of which has been judged
necessary by all parties and government of that re-
public for the last twenty years, as shown by the ,
note of the American minister of the 14th of October i
last. Her government has, however, limited itself j
to what was absolutely indispensable to render its j
case clear, showing in the discission all the consid- j
eration due to the majority of the American people, j
from whose representative?? it hopes for amend* for t
the excesses committed on this point by the actual j
President of that republic, whose Senate, composed i
of honorable and respectable men, such as Adnms j
and Clay, has given to Mexico proofs of the justice j
of its character. ;
Thus the government of the undersigned, solar
from withdrawing the note which it addressed to
the American legation on the 31st October last, is
more and more convinced, after meditating on its
contents, of the necessity of leaving it m the terms
in which it was delivered, regretting only that no
occasion has been offered to develop more complete-
ly the facts which Iiave been presented, m order to
demonstrate to the world the system of duplicity
pursued towards Mexico for the last twenty yeais,
as confirmed by the note of the Ameri&an legation ot
the 14th Octobef last. .
The undersigned, therefore, has orders to recapit-
ulate what he has said in every point, ana at the
same time to repeat that if, in case Mexico should
use her rights, the relations of amity which the
Mexican government has endeavored and still en-
deavors to maintain, should be broken by the ex-
isting [actual] government of the United States, the
Mexican administration will accept the hard condi-
tions which are forced upon it, and will repel the
unjust aggression committed against it, leaving the
government of President Tyler rcsponaiole m every
way for all the evils which may ensue from the
change of relations.
The undersigned repeats to the Hon. Wilson
Shannon the assurances of his distinguished consid-
eratl°" MANCJEL CRESENCIO RE JON.
Hon. Wilson Shannon,
Envoy Extraordinary, &c.
No. 4.—Mr. Shannon to Mr. Rejon. . '
Legation of the TJ. S. op America,
k Mexico, N ovember .8, 1844.
The note of his excellency M. C. Rejon, Minis-
ter of Foreign Relations of the republic of Mexico,
of the 6th instant, is of such a character as to leave
the undersigned no alternative but to announce to
the supreme government of Mexico that it, together
with the note of his excellency of the 31st ultimo,
will be immediately referred to his government for
their further instructions, and that, unless they are
withdrawn, all further official intercourse between
the undersigned and the government of Mexico will
be suspended until those instructions are received.
The undersigned has too much self-respect, and
knows too well what is due to his government, to
make any reply to the charges made in his excel-
lency's note of the 31st ultimo, and reiterated in a
manner so offensive in his note of the 6th instant,
for the purpose of vindicating the honor or charac-
ter of the people or government of the United
States. During the sixty-nine years that that gov-
ernment has been in successful operation, it has dis-
charged its international duties and performed its
obligations, both to its own citizens and to other na-
tions, with a fidelity, honor, and integrity that com-
mand the respect of all the governments of the
civilized world. Its measures and policy in its in-
tercourse with all nations has been open, frank, and
undisguised, "demanding nothing but what is right,
and submitting to nothing that is wrong." It
stands self-vindicated in the purity, integrity, and
fidelity which have characterized its brilliant na-
tional career, and command the confidence and re-
snect of the civilized world. If the government of
Mexico constitututes an exception to this truth, the
government of the United States, to whom the un-
dersigned will refer the. notes of his excellency Mr.
Rejon, knowing what is due to its character, can
and will correct the erroneous opinion, which is the
misfortune of Mexico, by means more efficie t than
any written refutation by the undersigned of the
calumnies made and reiterated in tile notes of Mr.
Rejon would be.
But, inasmuch as the undersigned is forced to be-
lieve that the misrepresentations of his note of the
14th ultimo, and the reiteration of the unfounded
charges and unjust imputations against the govern-
ment and southern people of the United States, con-
tained in the notes of his excellency, are intended
to mislead the public opinion of the people of Mexi-
co, and to excite an unjust prejudice in their minds
against the government and people of the United
States; and inasmuch as his excellency, in his note
of the 6th instant, endeavors to make the people of
Mexico believe that the reason why the undersign-
ed did not reply to these unfounded charges and im-
putations is not the reason alleged by the under-
signed in his note of the 4th instant, but because
they are true find cannot be denied, the undersigned
therefore avails himself of this occasion to correct
his excellency's misrepresentations of his note of
the 14th ultimo, and also to repel the charges and
imputations contained in the notes of the 31st ulti-
mo and the 6th instant; not for the purpose of vindi-
cating the honor or character of his own govern-
ment, but that the people of Mexico may be disa-
bused, and the consequence of the discourteous and
unjust conduct of his excellency Mr. Rejon in the
premises may rest with the government and people
of Mexico, wlto are responsible therefor, and that
they may be without apology if they adopt and
justify the same.
The undersigned is further induced to do this be-
cause the publication ofhis excellency's notes ofthe
31st ultimo and the 6th instant, and the comments
of the official newspaper thereon, leave no room to
doubt as to ths purpose for which they were written
and published.
The undersigned, in his note of the 14th ultimo,
said that the acquisition of Texas had been a policy
long cherished, and deemed indispensable to the
safety and welfare of the United States, and had ac-
cordingly been an object steadily pursued by all
parties, and "made the subject of the negotiation by
almost every administration for the■ last twenty-years.'"
His excellency Mr. Rejon seized upon this declara-
tion, and says that it has "just revealed thefalsehoood
with which Mexico has been so long treated;" and this'
charge, which the records of his own government
fully disprpve, is repeated in all the phases which
the most unfair and uncandid sophistry can give to
it. Did not his excellency know that almost every
administration of the-American government for the
last twenty years had endeavored, to acquire the
claim of Mexico to the territory of Texas? Does
he not know that Messrs. Adams and Clay, of
whom his excellency Mr. Rejon now-makes such
favorable mention, made two attempts to negotiate
with Mexico for the acquisition of Texas-—one in
1825 and the other in 1827? And does he not know
also that the negotiation was afterwards renewed by-
Gen. Jackson and Mr. Van Buren, and that Presi-
dent Tyler, after Mexico had lost her right of sov-
ereignty,, and Texas had become, de jure as well as
de facto, an independent and sovereign power,
sought by negotiation to acquire the same territory?
The undersigned repeats: Does not his excellen-
cy Mr. Rejon know all these facts? and asks, how-
can he, kpowing them, say that the reference by the
. undersigned to a fact thus known to all the world,
and especially to the Mexican government, and to
Mr. Rejon himself, has "jwt revealed the falsehood
with which-Mexico has been so long treated?"
There has been no time, during the whole period
mentioned, that the government of Mexico did not
know, nor has the government of the United States
at any time during that period attempted to conceal,
its desire to acquire Texas. This his excellency
Mr. Rejon knows to be true; and yet he makes the
charge that the note of the undersigned, of the 14th
instant, has "just revealed" it, and would persuade
the Mexican people that the government and people
of the United States have, for twenty years, enter-
tained a secret purpose and resorted to improper
means for the acquisition of Texas, and that to him
belongs the honor and the credit of having discover-
ed the proof and vindicated the rights of Mexico;
and when told that such a charge is unjust, an un-
founded misrepresentation of what the undersigned
had said, the same charge is again repeated in the
note of the 6th instant in terms even more offensive.
The. undersigned cannot believe that his excellency
does not know that the fact that the acquisition of
Texas "has been made the subject of negotiation
by almost every administration for the last twenty
years" is no argument to prove that the government
of the. United States has treated Mexico with "false-
hood," or attempted to acquire Texas by artifice or
improper means, and he is therefore compelled to be-
lieve that the use which has been made of that fact,
as stated in his note of the 14th, is a misrepresenta-
tion, intended to create a false impression on the
minds of the people of Mexico, and to create a pre-
judice against the government and southern people
of the United States; and he regrets to believe that
his excellency finds in the present condition of the
government or people of Mexico anything to justi-
fy a proceeding so flagrant and unjust.
The belief that tj^e misrepresentations of the note
of the undersigned was intentional, and that the
charges and imputations founded thereupon were
made for the purpose of creating an unjust prejudice
in the minds of the people of Mexico against the
government and people of the United States, is far-
ther confirmed by the manner in which his excellen-
cy has referred to President Jackson, and the fact
that his excellency has made a false quotation, or,
what is equivalent thereto, a palpable misrepresenta-
tion of his official communication to the Congress of
the United States.
His excellency asks if President Jackson, "in a
message which he addressed to the Chamber of Rep-
resentatives in December, 1836, and this when it
was proposed to recognise the independence of Tex-
as," did not confess that such an act would "be re-
garded as a grievous injustice to Mexico, and that the
United Stales xvotild be subject to the blackest censure for
it, inasmuch as the Tematxs had emigrated from thence
and sought thit recognition with the manifest intention
of obtaining their incorporation with the Unitid States."
The undersigned has examined the official docu-
ments, and can find no message of President Jack-
son containing the language imputed to him. Why
does his excellency impute to President Jackson
language which he did not utter? The answer is
found in the character given tq, President Jackson,
and the use made by Mr. Rejon of the false quota-
tion. The purpose was to charge the United States
with endeavoring "to give to the occupation of Texas
a turn which would take from it the odium of a bare-
faced usurpation," and to introduce President Jackson
