32*
APPfiftDIX to THE CONGRESSIONAL GfLO^fe.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Correspondence with Mexico.
Senate and H. of Reps.
as a witness to prove the charge in its most odious
aspect. To give greater weight to the language im-
puted to President Jackson, his excellency says that
. ® ya® "one of the warmest partisan of annexation,
against-whom grave charges have been made of
having sent General Houston to Texas to realize
" his designs;" at the same time saying he was
' "forced by a regard to truth and. justice to confess"
. that "to recognise the independence of Texas would be
regarded as a grievous injustice to Mexico, and that-the
United States would be subject to the blackest censure for
it."
Does not his excellency Mr. Rejon, by misquot-
ing President Jackson, imputing to him that which
he did not say, by way of giving greater effect to the
charge which his excellency makes against the
United States, furnish the most conclusive proof that
he himself believes the charge as made by himself to
be untrue? For who can for a moment believe that
ifhis excellency could have sustained the charge
made by him by a fair and true quotation, he would
have adopted one so unfair and incorrect' To be-
lieve this would be to suppose that his excellency
prefers to sustain the charges which he feels called
upon to make against the United States by falsehood
rather than by truth—an imputation which the un-
dersigned cannSt make; and he therefore assumes
that his excellency Mr. Rejon attributed language to
President Jackson which he knew President Jack-
son did not utter, because, under the peculiar cir-
cumstances in which he is placed, he believes that it
is for the "interests" of the government of Mexico
to make' the unjust charges against the government
and southern people of the United States which are
made in the notes of his excellency, and because he
knows that the truth will not sustain the charges
which it is the purpose of his excellency's note to
make. The undersigned is the more inclined to
this belief because it is apparent that the purpose is
to persude the Mexican people of the truth of the
charges, to establish which the quotation was made,
and because few of the Mexican people, on the
minds of whom it was the purpose of his excellen-
cy's note to impress these charges, can, by compar-
ing the quotation with the messages of President
Jackson, detect the imposition thus practised upon
them.
His excellency Mr. Rejon admits that "the first
colonists established themselves in that territory by
grants from the Spanish government, confirmed after
the independence of Mexico by the authority of this
republic, and afterwards by similar grants made by
the State of Coahuila and Texas, competently au-
thorized to make them;" and yet refers to the fact
that those who figured as principals in the declaration
and act of independence, who fought under the
standard of Texas in the battle of San Jacinto, were
almost all natives of the United States, and that aid
of men, arms, and other munitions and provisions
of war were furnished by citizens of the United
States, to prove "the declaration of the independence
of Texas and the demand for its annexation to the
United States to be the work,pf the government of
latter and its citizens, interred in making an ac-
quisition that for twenty years they have considered
indispensable to the safety and welfare of that re-
public."
That the citizens of the United'States had the
right to emigrate to Texas, and that, having emi-
grated and become citizens of Texas, they had the
right to take part in any public proceedings affecting
their rights and interests, and that those who did
not emigrate had the right to furnish to those who
did, arms, provisions, and other munitions of war;
and that all this might have been done in such a
manner as to furnish no ground whatever for the
charge which his excellency Mr. Rejon makes
against the government of the United States, his ex-
cellency knows, or ought to know. Not to know
this, would be to argue that he was ignorant not
only of the laws and constitution of the United
States, but of the law of nations, and of the history
ef his own country, and of the aid in men, money,
arms, and munitions of war which Mexico herself
received from the United States, and which contrib-
uted so much to achieve her independence. To this
branch of the argument, therefore, the undersigned
■will make no reply, because the people of Moxic®
must be as ignorant as his excellency Mr. Rejon
affects to be, if tho.y can be induced to believe it.
To that branch of this proposition that charges
that, because those who figured as principals in the
declaration of independence, and who conquered in
•the battle of San Jacinto, were natives of the United
therefore the declaration of independence and
the demand for annexation the work of the
government of the United States, it is enough to
reply that, although they were natives of the United
States, they had been tnvited to Texas, as is ad-
mitted by Mr. Rejon himself, first, by the • govern-
ment of Spain, next by Mexico, and then by the"
State of Coahuila and Texas, competently authorized
to do so, that Mr. Rejon knows, or ought to know,
that the government of the United States contrib-
uted in nowise whatsoever to induce the govern-
ments of Spain, or of Mexico, or of Coahuila and
Texas to give that invitation; and that he also knows
that the declaration of independence and the applica-
tion by the people of Texas to be annexed to the
United States was the consequence' of measures
adopted by the government of Mexico, over which
the government of the United States exercised no
control, and in which it had no agency whatever.
As well might his excellency argue that the gov-
ernment of Spain instigated the revolution in Mex-
ico, because many, of those who took part in that
revolution were native Spaniards or their descend-
ants; or that the government of Mexico instigated
the resistance made in Zacatecas and other States of
the Mexican confederacy to the government of Gen-
eral Santa Anna, because those who took part in
that resistance were native Mexicans,—as to allege
that the government of the United States instigated
the independence of Texas, because those who
| made the declaration were natives of the United
States.
The undersigned repeats that to make such a
charge argues an utter ignorance of the history of
Mexico, or a deliberate purpose of making a false
charge against the government of the United States.
Tne emigration from the United States to Texas,
under the authority of Spain, which was afterwards
ratified by Mexico herself, commenced in 1821.
The resistance to the acts of the Mexican govern-
ment, which led to their declaration of independ-
ence; may be said to have commenced in ] 832, with
the affairs of Anahuac, Velasco, and Nacogdoches;
but it was a resistance to the usurpations of Busta-
mente: and the undersigned does not believe that,
much as his excellency Mr. Rejon is now interested
in establishing the unfounded charge, he will ven-
ture to assert, in the face of the civilized world, that
the government of the United States had any agency
whatever in those proceedings; for the inhabitants
of Texas who took part in them declared for Gen-
eral Santa Anna, whose avowed purpose was to
support the constitution of 1824; and General Mejia,
who was sent by General Santa Anna to Texas, for
the purpose of restoring older, finding the "consti-
tution of 1824" triumphant, and the whole people
rejoicing in the downfall of Bustamente and the ele-
vation of General Santa Anna, then the professed
advocate of that constitution, and confided in as a
friend of liberty, professed himself most agreeably
surprised, and awarded his cordial approbation to all
that had been done.
That there may not be further cavil on this point,
and to prove that the government of Mexico, and
not the government of the United States, is responsi-
ble for the proceedings in Texas which resulted in
the declaration of independence and the subsequent
application to be annexed to the United States, the
undersigned refers to the well-known facts of Mexi-
can history; and to show the state of things on
which the government of the United States recog-
nised the independence of Texas, the undersigned
refers his excellency Mr. Rejon to the report made
by a special agent sent by President Jackson to
ascertain and report upon the condition and facts in
relation to the independence of Texas. The fol-
lowing are extracts from that report:
"The present political condition of Texas has
been produced by a scrips of alleged aggressions up-
on the laws of colonization; a refusal on the part of
Mexico to protect the colonial settlements from the
depredations of the Indian tribes; by laws excluding
citizens of the United States of the north from ad-
mission into the country; by a refusal to incorporate
this province into the federal system, as provided by
the constitution; and, finally, by the establishment
of a central or consolidated government, and the de-
struction of the constitution itself. Such are the
reasons assigned by the old inhabitants, with whom 1
have conversed, for the separation of this State from
Mexico.
"The history of the events leading to the revolu-
tion, as I find it in the public documents, is this: In
1824 a convention was held by representatives from
all the provinces, and a federal system and constitu-
tion adopted, by which all Mexico became a repub-
lic. Texas at that time did not contain the required
population to become a State, but was provisionally
united with the neighboring province ofiboahuila to
form the State of, Coahuila arid Texas, until the.fat-
ter should possess the necessary elements to form a
separate State for herself. This law was understood
and intended to guaranty to the latter a specific po-
litical existence as* soon as she should be in a condi-
tion to exercise it.. •
"In 1833, the inhabitants having ascertained that
their numbers were equal to most, arid exceeded
several of the old States, and that the resources of
the country were such as to constitute the, required
elements for a State, they held a convention and
formed a constitution upon the principles of that of
the Mexican republic. This was presented to the
General Congress, with a petition to be admitted
into the Union. The application was rejected and
the delegate imprisoned. •
"In 1834, the Constitutional Congress was dis-
solved by a military order of the President, Santa
Anna, before the expiration of its appointed term;
and in the following -year a new Congress was as-
sembled by virtue of another military order, which
is said to have been 'aristocratical, ecclesiastical, and
central in its politics.' Numerous applications were
made by meetings of the citizens, and by some of
the State legislatures to restore the constitution and
federal government, and protests were presented
against the subversion of the laws; but they were
disregarded, and in many instances the authors were
persecuted and imprisoned.
"The central government deposed the constitu-
tional vice president without trial, elected another in
his place, united the Senate and House of Represent-
atives in one chamber, and, thus constituted, de-
clared itself invested with all the powers of a legiti-
mate convention. Under this assumption it abol-
ished the federal constitution, and established a con-
solidated government.
"In September, 1835, Gen. Cos invaded the prov-
ince of Texas by land, with orders to disarm the
citizens, and to require an unconditional submis-
sion to the central government, under penalty of
expulsion from the country. At the same time all
the ports were declared to be in a state of blockade;
and a military force having been sent to Gonzales
to require from the citizens a surrender of their
arms, a battle ensued, which terminated in the re-
reat of the Mexicans. '
"The Texains assert that this resistance was not
because they even then wished to separate from the
confederacy; but, on the contrary, because they "were
desirous to bring back the government to the terms
of the constitution of 1824.
"They therefore held a convention at San Philip-
pe, in November, 1835, composed of fifty-six repre-
sentatives from all the municipalities, in which they
declared that, as Santa Anna and other military
chicftains had, by force of arms, overthrown the fed-
eral institutions of Mexico, and dissolved the social
compact which existed between Texas and the other
members of the confederacy, they had taken up
arms against the encroachments of military despots,
and in defence of the eonstitution.
"Thi3 was considered as an absolute separation
from Mexico, and, on the 3d of March, 1836, dele-
gates of the people from all the districts declared
Texas a 'free, sovereign, and independent State,' "
In communicating this report to Congress, Presi-
dent Jackson, referring to the recognition of the in-
dependence and the application of Texas to be an-
nexed to the United States, advised that the govern-
ment of the United States should maintain its then
"present attitude, if not until Mexico herself or one
of the great foreign powers should recognise the in-
dependence of the new government, at least until the
lapse of time or the course of events should have
proved beyond cavil or dispute the ability of the
people of that country to maintain their separate
sovereignty, or to uphold the government constitu-
ted by them."
Such was the language of President Jackson.
The contingencies contemplated by him have been
accomplished. The independence of Texas has
been acknowledged by more than one of the great
foreign powers, and eight years have elapsed, and
Texas during all that time has proved "beyond cavil
or dispute her ability to maintain her separate sov-
ereignty. During the greater part of .that time her
proposition for annexation was pending before the
government of the United States, and yet such was
the respect for the government of Mexico, and such
the desire to prevent its friendship and'good will,
that although no one could believe that the govern-
