Dec. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQS&
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Correspondence with Mexico.
Senate and H. of Reps,
ment of Mexico could reconquer Texas, and al-
though the acquisition of Texas hasbeen"'the sub-
ject of negotiation by almost everyudministration
for the last twenty years," the government of the
United States has forborne to agree to the proposi-
tion for annexation until, in the progress of events,
new circumstances connected with negotiations be-
tween the governments of England and Mexico for-
bade any further delay.
For further proof that the declaration of the inde-
pendence of Texas was the work of the govern-
ment of Mexico and not of the government of the
United States, the undersigned refers to the admis-
sion made by Mr. Rejon himself, that the revolt, as
he terms it, in Texas, was occasioned by the refu-
sal of the Mexican government to approve of the
constitution adopted by the people of Texas for the
purpose of becoming one of the confederated Mexi-
can States, and by the decree abolishing slavery and
the measures adopted by the Mexican government
to compel them "to comply with laws which they
despised."
His excellency admits that the government of
Spain first invited citizens of the United States to
Texas, and that the government of Mexico renewed
that invitation by tendering large grants of land.
These invitations were accompanied by pledges of
protection of person and property, and the Mexican
government should have foreseen that natives of the
United States, well informed as to what their rights
were, and accustomed to a government m which
just laws and good faith prevail, would resist the
attempt of the Mexican government to subvert the
constitutional government and laws, and it is there-
fore manifest from this statement of the case that
their removal to Texas, and their declaration of in-
dependence, was the work of the government of
Mexico and not of the government of the United
States, as is unjustly charged by his excellency.
The undersigned refers to these facts as conclu-
sive not only to disprove the calumnies against the
government of the United States, which it is the
purpose of his excellency Mr. Rejon to impress
upon the people of Mexico, but also to show that,
in forbearing to accept the annexation of Texas for
so long a period, when tendered by those who alone
had the right to do so, and who had achieved her
independence of Mexico, and in renewing the as-
surance that "it is now adopted in 110 spirit of hos-
tility to Mexico, and that, if annexation is con-
summated, the United Slates will be prepared to ad-
just all questions growing out of it, including that, of
boundary, on the most libera! terms," his govern-
ment has given the strongest proofs of a desire to
preserve the relations of peace and good will with
the government and people of Mexico; and the un-
dersigned takes this occasion to say, that should
those relations be disturbed, or should the govern-
ment of Mexico fail hereafter to receive the com-
pensation which the government of the United
States, for the sake of preserving those relations,
would willingly have given for a territory over
which Mexico does not now, and cannot hereafter,
exercise a jurisdiction, tho Mexican people must
charge the loss which they will thus sustain to his
excolleiicy Mr. Rejon, and the government by
whose order his notes of the 31st ult. and the 6th
inst. were written.
His excellency makes an elaborate comment, the
purpose of which is to induce a belief that the gov-
ernment of the United States is about to seize upon
the territory of Texas, upon the ground that "it
was embraced in the cession of Louisiana by France
to the United States 111 1803, and was improperly
surrendered by the treaty of 1819." In reply to all
that his excellency has said on tins subject, it is suf-
ficient to •say that the United States do not seek, and I
never have sought, the acquisition of Texas on any ■
such pretence; and that the undersigned made the
lemark which his excellency Ints quoted, and of I
which he has made a use so unfoir and uncandid, '<
in connection with the fact that "a large portion of i
the territory lies in the valley of the Mississippi, '
and is indispensable to the defence of a distant,
weak, and important frontier," as a reason why his
government seeks to acquire Texas, not by seizing
it under a pretence of right under the treaty of 1803,
as his excellency would persuade the people of
Mexico to believe, but by negotiation, first from
Mexico and now from Texas. And the undersign-
ed cannot forbear to express his surprise and his re-
gret that his excellency, by quoting a part and sup-
pressing the material part of what the undersigned
had said, and using the, part thus unfairly quoted for
the purpose of creating an unjust and unfounded pre-
^3>
judice in the minds of the Mexican people-against
the government and southern people of the Uni-
ted States, has given another( proof, not to be
misunderstood, of his desire to foment hostilities be-
tween the two countries; for his excellency must
know that the remarks of the undersigned furnish
no justification for the comment made thereupon,
and the purpose of suppressing the material part
thereof is palpable; for at the same time that his ex-
cellency labors to impress upon the people of Mex-
ico a belief that the undersigned had admitted that
the United States were about to seize upon the terri-
tory of Texas, under the pretence of a claim under
the treaty of 1803, his excellency must have known
that the remarks of the undersigned did not warrant
the construction which his excellency endeavored to
Eive to them; and he also knew that the United
tates set up no such pretence of claim as it was the
purpose of his comment to chargc upon them.
His excellency Mr. Rejon also states that the
people of Texas were bound to submit to the form
of government adopted by the other States; and
inasmuch as they did not do so, he claims the
right in Mexico to treat them as rebels, and to wage
a war of extermination against them. The un-
dersigned is by no means willing to concede the
proposition of his excellency Mr. Rejon, and much
less to agree to his conclusion. It must be recol-
lected that the Spanish provinces embraced in Mex-
ico declared and achieved their independence of
the Spanish crown, and in 1824 established a con-
federation of States, similar, in all respects, to the
United States. Coahuila and Texas formed one of
the confederated Mexican States, and was sover-
eign and independent, except so far as she had dele-
gated to the general government a portion of her
sovereign powers. She was entitled to and enjoyed
her own local legislature, and was only bound to
the general government according to the express
terms of the constitution of 1824. When the army,
therefore, destroyed that constitution, the State of
Coahuila and Texas was remitted to its original
sovereignty, and the constitution of 1824 which
bound tlie States together being destroyed, and, con-
sequently, Texas owing no allegiance to that which
had no existence, was left free to choose and adopt
her own form of government, as best suited to her in-
terests. The other States had 110 right to force upon
her a form of government of which she did not ap-
prove, and much less had the army, without con-
sulting the will of the people, the right to do so.
It follows, therefore, that as Texas never agreed to
the present government of Mexico, which was
erected by the army on the ruins of the constitu-
tion of 1824, the present government of Mexico, in
seeking to subjugate Texas, is now, and has been
from the first, the aggressor.
His excellency complains that the undersigned
has been wanting in courtesy; and to justify that
complaint, alleges that he applied the term "barba-
rous" to the government of Mexico. If his excel-
lency will do the undersigned the justice to rcperuse
the note of the 14th ultimo, he will find that the
tei m "barbarous" was applied to the manner in
which it proposed to prosecute the war against Tex-
as, and not to the government of Mexico. Of that
war, of the manner in which it is declared Mexico
will carry it on, and of the reasons assigned therefor,
the undersigned forbears to speak, because he could
not do justice to his own feelings and at the same time
use terms sufficiently respectful to the government
of Mexico.
The undersigned renews to his excellency Mr.
Rejon the assurances of his distinguished conside-
ration.
WILSON SHANNON.
To his excellency M. C. Rejon,
Minister of Foreign Relations, &c.
J\~i. 5 —Mr. Shannon to Mr. Rejon.
Legation of the U. S. of America,
Mexico, Nov. 1, 1844.
The undersigned, envoy, &c. of the United States
of America, had the honor to address a note to his
excellency M. C. Rejon, minister, &c., on the 7th
day of September last, , ailing the attention of his
excellency to the amendments proposed by the
Senate of the United States to the convention of the
aOtli November, 1843, and requesting that plenipo-
tentiaries be appointed on the part of Mexico to
treat with the undersigned on this subject, and that
he might be informed at an early day of said an-
pointment. ^
The undersigned was informed at the time, in re-
ply, that plenipotentiaries would be appointed, and
that he would be advised at an early date of the
same. He regrets that although nearly two months
have elapsed since he received these assurances, he
is yet unadvised as to what steps, if any, have been
taken by the supreme government of Mexico in re-
lation to this subject. '
The undersigned has, therefore, to ask his excel-
lency Mr. Rejon when he may expect to be in-
formed of the appointment of plenipotentiaries on
the part of Mexico to treat with him on the subject
above named, and he would respectfully request an
early reply to this note.
The undersigned avails himself of this occasion to
renew, &c.
WILSON SHANNON.
To his excellency M- C. Rejon,
Minister of Foreign Relations, &c.
Ao. 6.—Mr. Shannon to Mr. Rejon.
Legation op the United States op America,
Mexico, November 1, 1844.
The undersigned, envoy, &c., has the honor
herewith to transmit to his excellency M. C. Re-
jon, Minister, &c , a copy of a letter which he has
received from Thomas 0. Larkin, United States con-
sul at Monterey, California, in relation to an order
dated on the 1st January of this year, issued by the
governor of that department, prohibiting the sale of
merchandise from on board of all vessels engaged in
the whale fishery that may arrive at the ports of that
department. This letter suggests that an order from
the supremo government of Mexico to the local au-
thorities of that department, commanding permis-
sion to be given for the sale of goods to the amount
of five hundred dollars for all whaling ships arriving
on that coast, would greatly assist those vessels,
and also, m a much greater degree, be favorable to
the inhabitants.
The undersigned would ask for this letter the fa-
vorable consideration of his excellency Mr. Rejon,
and hopes that it may not be considered incompati-
ble with the interest of Mexico to grant the order
desired.
The undersigned renews to his excellency Mr.
Rejon the assurance of his distinguished considera-
tion.
WILSON SHANNON.
To his excellency M. C. Rejon,
Minister of Foreign Relations, Government, &c.
[A.]
United States Consulate,
Monterey, California, August 1, 1844.
Sir: I have the honor to inform you that an order
has been issued by this departmental governor, bear-
ing date li t January of the present year, prohibiting
the sale of merchandise from on board of all vessels
engaged in the whale fishery that may arrive at the
ports of this department six months after that date.
I am perfectly aware that this edict does not in-
fnnge upon any treaty with foreign nations; but as
the whaling business is now prosecuted with sue-
cuss by a large number of American vessels on the
northwest coast of America, it is of great benefit to
those vessels to touch at the ports of San Francisco
and Monterey for provisions and recruiting the
health of their mariners.
The long-established custom of the Mexican au-
thorities in California has permitted whaling vessels
arriving at its ports to sell a small quantity of mer-
chandise for the purpose abovementioned, for which
privilege the maritime duties have sometimes- been
exacted, and at others no charge has been made
more than ten dollars for anchorage fees.
Whaling ships cruising upon the northwest coast
of America will hardly receive intelligence of a
change 11) the maritime regulations of California in
such a limited time as that named in the aforesaid
decree, and according to their custom will steer for.
this coast, after a long cruise, in the expectation of
obtaining their su| plies of refreshments for the res-
toration of the health of their mariners, but on their
arrival here they will find themselves obliged to nro
cure money at a great discount on their owners or
perhaps not be able to procure it at all, and will' be
debarred the means of refreshing their crews which
always have at least one-half ill of the scurvy
Whaling ships have long been accustomed to re-
ceive on board, on their departure from the United
Stater, a small quantity of merchandise for parch,,*
mg their supplies of refreshments in foreign nam
and, by a tacit consent on the part of the'aulW
IhaV^ctoS 6 bee" Pe™itted t0 disP°8«
