34
28th Cong 2d Sess.
AffpfeNDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL dLOM.
Report of the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Dec. 1844
-• - ~ ■«* ^ *
I would respectfully ,suggest to you that if it were
possible to obtain an order from the general govern-
merit to the local authority of this department, com-
manding permission to be given for the sale of goods
to the amount of five hundred dollars by all whaling
ships arriving at this coast, it would greatly assist
those vessels, as also in a much greater degree be
favorable to the inhabitants.
I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient
servant, THOMAS O. LARKIN,
. „ " United States Consul.
1 o his excellency tub Minister
Of the United States of America at Mexico.
JVb. 7.—Mr. Shanrnn to Mr. Rejon.
Legation of the 17. S. of America,
. Mexico, Nov. 1, 1844.
The undersigned, envoy,&c., would take this oc-
casion to state to his excellency Mr. C. Rejon, min-
ister, &c., &c., that he received a few days since a
letter from Charles C. Watterman, master of the
ehip Braganza, ef the United States, dated October
the 19th, of this year, at Acapulco, stating that after
haviag been at sea some seven months, he came to
anchor in that port in order to make the necessary
repairs and recruit the ship's company, expecting
to remain for that purpose about sixteen days; that
before the repairs were completed, and three days
before the time he had appointed for his stay had ex-
pired, and without alleging any violations of the
laws of the country, the governor of the place issu-
ed his orders to Mr. Watterman to leave the port in
twelve hours, giving as the only reason for this
procedure, the trouble it gave the custom-house offi-
cers to look after the crew of the Braganza to pre-
vent smuggling, when in fact there was nothing on
board said vessel to sell. The undersigned has no
doubt that this act of the governor of Acapulco is
without the authority or sanction of the supreme
government of Mexico, and he therefore deems it
his duty to lay the facts before his excellency Mr.
Rejon, so that such steps may be taken to prevent
similar occurrences hereafter, as in the judgment of
his excellency may be deemed advisable.
The undersigned avails himself of this occasion,
&c. WILSON SHANNOk
To his excellency M. C. Rejon,
Minister of Foreign Relations and Gov't, &c.
No. 8.—Mr. Shannon, to Mr. Rejon.
Legation of the U. S. of America,
Mexico, November 5, 1844.
The undersigned, envoy, &c., has the honor again
to call the attention of his excellency M. C. Rejon
to the case of the crew of the William A. Turner.
On the 25th September last, the undersigned request-
ed to be informed whether those unfortunate men
were still in prison in Tabasco, as he was led to be-
lieve by official communications from the consul of
the United States in that department, or whether
they had been set at liberty, as stated in a letter of
General Ampudia to the Minister of War, adopted
and officially published by the Mexican government.
Besides this written request simply to be informed
of the fate of his countrymen, for whom he had
good reason to fear the worst, repeated verbal in-
quiries. on the subject have been made by this lega-
tion, both before and since the date of that note.
Weeks and months have, however, elapsed, and his
excellency the Minister of Foreign Relations has
not yet thought proper te coirTply with this simple
request, or even to acknowledge the receipt of the
note of the undersigned. Upon this the under-
signed, for the present, forbears to remark: but he
must be permitted to say that the apparent unwil-
lingness of his excellency the Minister of Foreign
Relations to answer this simple question is to him
unaccountable. If these men have been set at liber-
ty, as General Ampudia admits they ought to have
been long since, the undersigned can conceive of no
reason why his excellency Mr. Rejon should hesi-
tate to say so; and if they are still confined in a
miserable prison, not only deprived of their liberty,
but exposed to contagion and consequent death, as
the undersigned has been officially informed, he has
a right to inquire of their situation, and to expect
an answer to his inquiries.
The undersigned is therefore under the necessity
of again asking whether these men are still in prison;
and, in so doing, he avails himself of the occasion to
renew to his excellency M. C. Rejon the assurance
ofhis distinguished consideration.
WILSON SHANNON.
To his excellency M. C. Rejon,
Minister pjf foreign RsJations Wld gov't, &c.
Senate andJL of Reps.
JVo. 9.-
[Translation ]
-Mr. Rejon to Mr. Shannon.
National Palace,
Mexico, November 11, 1844.
The undersigned, Minister of Foreign Relations,
has received the note addressed to him on the 5th
instant, by the envoy extraordinary of the United
States of America, by which he asks, with refer-
ence to his note of the 28th September last, what is
the situation of his countrymen taken in the Wil-
liam Turner?
The honorable Mr. Shannon is now informed
that, as the matter in question belong exclusively to
the War Department, the undersigned must apply
to that branch for the information, as in fact he has
done in the first opportunity. He will this day re-
mind the Department of War to afford him the in-
formation which the American legation desires to
have; and so soon as he receive it, he will have the
honor to transmit it to the honorable Mr. Shannon,
to whom he in the mean time presents the assurance
of his most distinguished consideration.
M. C. REJON.
Hon. Wilson Shannon,
Envoy Extraordinary, &c.
i5T
Mr. Porter to Mr. Green.
Consulate of the United States of America,
At Guadeloupe de Fontera,
Department of Tabasco, Sept. 6, 1844.
Sir: I have this day received both of your favors
by the same conveyance, dated the 27th July and
the 17th of August ultimo. Allow me to state in re-
ply that I had written an account of the unfortunate
Sentmanat occurrence to my government at Wash-
ington by the earliest direct conveyance I could
find, and had the pleasure afterwards of writing to
you so soon as I learned, from report only, that
some person was acting as our minister at Mexico.
I have the felicity positively to state that Mr.
Patterson was not sent to New Orleans to entice
Sentmanat to be shot, but Mr. Patterson was sent
by me to New Orleans, and on my business.
He had never seen or known Sentmanat previous
to the date of embarkation at a distance below New
Orleans.
Agreeably to the declarations of the prisoners
taken before the authorities of the Mexican govern-
ment, the greatest courtesy and kindness subsisted
between Sentmanat and Mr. Patterson, a cabin pas-
senger during the voyage.
No man could do more in favor of the prisoners
than Mr. Patterson has done under the ciicum-
stances. Not even you yourself, had you been \
placed in the same position, could do more for our ;
American sailors, in declaring them, and other i
American passengers that were "in the schooncr, in- j
nocent; and, so far from wishing to criminate our I
government, as stated in your letters, only take the ]
trouble to look o\er the declarations taken from Mr. ■,
Patterson and the prisoners. You will find therein :
facts stated that will prove they had the welfare of i
our country and humanity at heart. j
It is needless to enter any further into a discus- i
sion on the merits of Mr. Patterson. He stands so j
high in the estimation of the respectable portion of .
the community that his calumniators cannot touch ;
him with a ten-foot pole. j
I shall refer you altogether to the sundry depcr- '
sitions wrenched from him and the prisoners by the
Mexicans, I may say inquisition. !
Expecting the favor of your reply, and that you
will mention who is the author of the slander, 1 re-
main, your very obedient servant,
E. PORTER, U. S, Consul.
Ben. E. Green, esq.,
Legate from the U. S. of America at Mexico.
Mr. Shannon to Mr. Calhoun.
Legation of the United States of America,
Mexico, November 12, 1844.
Sir: The importance of my present despatch,
(No. 4,) together with the uncertainty of its reach-
ing Washington city in a convenient time by the
mail, has determined me to forward it by Benjamin
E. Green, esq., whom I have appointed bearer of
despatches.
I have been induced to take this course, also, be-
cause it would seem, from the last adviccs from
Washington city, that some of the despatches of
Mr. Green, as charge d'affaires, had not reached that
place although forwarded long since.
Gen. Green goes in the Woodbury to Galveston,
by whom I have forwarded to our chargg d' affaires
at Texas copied of the correspondence that has taken
place between this legation and the Mexican gov-
ernment in relation to Texas.
I thought it was advisable that our charge at Tex-
as should be informed of what had been done here
in relation to this subject.
Owing to the importance of the events transpiring
here, I have detained General Green up to this
time, and am greatly indebted to him for his aid and
advice.
Yours, with great respect,
WILSON SHANNON.
To the Hon. J. C, Calhoun,
Secretary of State, Washington.
To the Hon. John C. Calhoun, Secretary of State.
Washington, Dec. 17, 1844.
' Sir: In reply to your inquiry, I am sorry to in-
form you that none of the three last instalments
had been paid at the time I left the city of Mexico.
It is true that the Mexican Minister of Foreign Re-
ations, by note of the 2d September, informed Mr.
Shannon that the two which had fallen due on the
30th April and 30th July had been satisfied. This
note—a copy of which was at the time forwarded
to the department—was sent to Mr. Shannon early
on the morning after he presented his credentials,
and was written, as I have reason to believe, in con-
sequence of an impression that the Mexican gov-
ernment, by having failed to pay the instalment of
the 30th April, had forfeited its right, under the
convention of 1843, to pay by instalments, and that
Mr. Shannon was going out with instructions to de-
mand payment of the whole indemnity, under the
convention of 1839.
The fact is, that various orders on the treasury
were given to the agent appointed to receive the in-
stalments; but he could obtain no payment on these
orders, up to the day when Mr. Trigueros left the
Treasury Department; and the first act of his suc-
cessor was to suspend the payment of all orders.
While upon this subject, I beg leave to state that
our claims wsrc used by the Mexican government
as a pretext for levying a forced Joan. More than
sufficient to pay all our claims was raised in this
way. But a very small part of it has been paid to our
citizens, and the rest has been applied to other pur-
poses. At the same time, it was declared in the
official newspaper that our claims were unjust, and
that the Mexican government owed our citizens
nothing; but the forced loan was justified before the
Mexican people on the ground that the previous ad-
ministration of Bustamente had pledged the national
faith to pay these claims; and that, although they
were an unjust robbery on our part, it was necessa-
ry that the national faith pledged by Bustamente
should be iramtained.
I am sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
S,EN. E. GREEN.
Mr. Rejon to Mr. Shannon.
[Translation ].
National Palace,
Mexico, September 2d, 1844.
The undersigned, Minister of Foreign Relations,
has the honor to acquaint his excellency the Envoy
Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of the
United States of America, that his excellency the
Minister of Finance has informed him, under date
the 27th of August last, that the instalment due on
the 30th of April in this year, and that due on the
30th of July last, pursuant to the convention of the
30th of January, 1843, have been paid to the agent
appointed by the government of those States, and
that this notification had been delayed in conse-
quence of the vast business of that department.
The undersigned avails himself of this occasion,
&c. &c.
MANUEL CRESCENCIO REJON.
To his excellency Mr. Wilson Shannon,
Envoy Extraordinary, &c. of the United States of
America.
REPORT OF THE COMMISSIONER OF THE
GENERAL LAND OFFICE.
Treasury Department,
December 16, 1844.
Sir: I have the honor to submit, herewith, a re-
port from the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and the accompanying documents; showing
the operations of that branch of the public servince
sine# the date of hi* last annual report.
