Bee. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQfiE.
*
28th Cong 2d Sess
Report of the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Senate and H. of "Be.paj
I have the honor to be,, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
GEO. M. BIBB,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. John W.Jones,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
General Lakh Office,
December 10, 1844-
Sir: I have the honor to submit the annual state-
ment expected of this office.
The sales of the public lands are still on the in-
crease, being for the calendar year ending with this
month, according to the returns received, and an es-
timate for a portion of the fourth quarter, 1,747,-
158 acres. This gives an excess over the last
year of 141,894 acres; and of the year preceding
that, 617,941 acres. But it is not from the improve-
ment in the sales, alone, that satisfaction may be de-
rived; but also from the fact that they consist of small
subdivisions of the public land to different individu-
als—mostly of eighty and one hundred and sixty
acre tracts—evidently intended by the purcha-
sers for their own immediate occupancy and culti-
vation. They seem to have kept pace with the
agricultural demand, with little or no interruption
from the investments of speculation. The quantity
sold, however, bears but a small proportion to that
in the market during the same time; G,693,368 acres
of new land having been offered at public sale, in
addition to what hail been previously offered, large
residues of which still remained on hand. The
policy, as heretofore communicated, has been ad-
hered to, of keeping up activity in the surveys, and
bringing the public lands into market as soon as
surveyed. The cost of the work is incurred but
once; and it anticipates the complaint of keeping
back the country, by preventing the ownership of
the soil and the general spread of population.
In the State of Ohio, all the public lands have
been brought into market, with the exception of the
Wyandot reserve in the northwestern part of the
State, containing 104,771 acres; some small islands
in the Maumee, Miami, and Sciota rivers; and a few
detached tracts, containing altogether only a few
hundred acres. By treaty, concluded 17th March,
184*2, the Wyandots ceded that reserve to the United
States, with this stipulation, among others: that
they should he paid the full value of their improve-
ments; and the act of Congress of 3d March, 1843,
directs that the amount paid shall be included in the
price of the lands, when sold by the general govern-
ment. These lands would have been so disposed
of, and for that purpose were actually proclaimed for
sale, in compliance with the wishes of the citizens
of that portion of the State; but the valuation, as re-
quired by treaty, not having been definitively ar-
ranged and communicated to this office, the intended
sale was necessarily postponed. Tt is nut known to
this office that there exists any other obstacle to this
sale, which, it is expected, will take place whenever
it is removed, without any further delay. In this
same land disti ict there exists a conflict with the State
authority, which seems to require legislative inter-
position, and in which the citizens of Pervysburg and
Croghansville are particularly and deeply interested.
By act of Congress of 28th February, 1823, a tract
of land was granted to the State for the location of a
road from the lower rapids of the Miami of lake
Erie, to the western boundary of the Connecticut
western reserve, 120 feet m width, and an additional
quantity of one mile on each side thereof, for the
construction of it; and in cape that portion ot the
land within said Uveial lines, so slanted, shiund
have been previously sold, the pioeectls fit the snic
were to be paid over for the same object. It so hap-
pened that some of the lands w thin these bmus had
been previously sold under tbe credit system which
had obtained up to 13~0; and the payment, as in-
quired by law, not liein^ m.ule, they became subse-
quently forfeited; and thereupon the Htate took pos-
session of, and sold them, and extcuted deeds to the
purchasers. This office has decided that these lands
reverted to the United States, and that the Slate of
Ohio had no right to seize and so dispose of them;
and in this they have been fully sustained by the
decision of the supreme court of that State. As,
however, this matter is one of long standing, and in
the mean time the purchasers from the State have
made valuable improvements upon the premises, and
to sell them would be attended with an immense sac-
rifice to individuals, the sale has been postponed
until some action can be had, which will do justice
to all the parties interested. The purchasers have
j cently addressed communications to this office,
very naturally manifesting the liveliest solicitude in
the case; and the legislature of Ohio, duly apprecia-
ti ig the difficulty, has called to their aid her repre-
sentatives in Congress, by the adoption of resolu-
tions of instruction. It is very desirable to this of-
fice that it should be brought to a close, as it is pe-
culiarly of a nature to increase in intricacy and vex-
ation.
_ In the State of Indiana, as in Ohio, the only con-
siderable body of land remaining to he brought into
market is in an Indian reserve. The Miamies of
the Wabash entirely disposed of this reserve to the
general government by treaty of 28th November,
1840, reserving to themselves five years from that
time to remove; and consequently, by this restric-
tion, it cannot be kept much longer out of the mar-
ket. It contains 983,892 acres, is very fertile, and
eligibly situated, and should be attached to some
land district at once, that steps may be taken by
this office, in due season, to place it in the posses-
sion of those who will cultivate and improve it.
The Wabash and Erie canal passes through the
northern portion of it—a work, it will be recollected,
which has been sustained alike, and now nearly
consummated, by the liberality of the general gov-
ernment and the enterprise of that State. There re-
mains, however, a considerable balance claimed of
the former, under the stipulations between them.
By the act of Congress of 2d March, 1827, for and
in consideration of certain benefits to be derived by
the general government, the half of five sections is
granted to the State on each side of the canal, from
one end thereof to the other, to be taken in alternate
sections. It seems that when this grant was set
apart, the allowance made was from point It point,
on a straight line between the extremes, without
calculating for the sinuosities of the canal, which
would make it about 100,000 acres more. Thi^ of-
fice has been written to on the subject by the officer
of that State having charge of the work, and who
has been advised that nothing can now bo done
without further legislation.
In Illinois, all the public lands have been brought
into market, except some suspended tracts, chiefly
in the Cluincy and Dixon land districts, some small
islands in the same not yet surveyed, and the lands
in the mineral region—the latter amounting to 242,-
409 acres. The mineral lands, so far as they have
been reserved by the War Department, are, of
course, under its control and supervision; but there
is a branch of the subject entitled to very earnest
consideration, which has claims upon the Treasury
Department also. Mineral lands have, in some in-
stances, been sold, which were not reserved or
known as such to tins office at the time, and the
purchase money paid in; and upon this office being
advised that their mineral properties were discovered
previous to ths sale, the law imposed the duty of sus-
pending the patents. Numerous patents of this char-
acter are now, and for years have been lying in office;
an incumbrance which it has not the power in any
manner to get rid of. The law prohibits the issue
of the patent, and the purchaser refuses to take back
his money; and the land cannot be re-offered for
sale, because it is mineral; and thus it is that this
office can make no progress in any direction, and so
it will continue to be until some mode is adopted for
settling the rights ofthe parties. Jn the mean time,
the purchasers are, in many cases, occupying the
premises, and exhausting their mineral resources,
doubtless much to the annoyance and injury of
those who were lessees under the ger eral 2;overn-
jj ment, and, in the same proportion, diminishing the
it value of the tracts wh'C.h are leaded.
j In IVlichi^an, provi-ton lnis been made by law to
ij prevent tl'C iccurreiice o/' Ibis evil, by mithoiumg
!j the prosecution of a geological survey, thus devel-
oping the mineral lesouries of the co.iniry n& the
lineal surveys giogiess. In pursuance of the act of
Congress on the tnibje.-t, a contiact has been entered
into with Douglass Houghton, esq , the State geolo-
gist of Michigan, to make a survey, in this manner,
of about eighty townships of the public lands south
of Lake Superior—a region where, it is believed,
lead and copper may be found; and, according to
the reputation of it, both m abundance. Time has
not yet sufficiently elapsed for this office to receive
any'returns from this experiment. Great confidence
is entertained that it will be attended with success;
but as the time and expense it takes arc greatly be-
yond those requirements in the ordinary lineal sur-
veys, it can only be recommended where the indica-
tions afford certain promise that mineral will be
found. I regret to communicate that the errors and
frauds in the surveys irj this State which occurred in
1837 and 1838, in townships north and west of
naw bay, have not yet been fully corrected. fi
means at the disposal of this office have been ,ap;
plied to that object; and it is believed there has been
every practicable promptitude compatible with tl$
discharge of other duties in that quarter. It must
have been as much a source of vexation here as to
the citizen's there, that these troubles should have in-
terrupted their onward course; but they are not
such as can at all times be guarded against, being
the result of bad appointments upon recommenda-
tions too easily obtained. This difficulty, however,
has not had the effect of arresting general operations
in this State in surveys and sales, which have gone
on regularly. About one-third of it is yet unsurr
veyed; and, of course, has not been proclaimed -for
sale, consisting of 23 townships in the southern, and
the whole of the northern peninsula.
In Missouri, about one-fifth of the territory is in
this last-mentioned condition, embraced in a dis-
trict of country extending from the northwestern
corner of the State to the rapids of the Des Moines,
and lying in the southwest part of the State on
AVhite and St. Francis rivers, and in the copper
region on Current river. In the Platte district
there was a deep feeling manifested respecting the
location of certain pre-emption lands made by the
agent of the State to satisfy, in part, the grant by
the act of Congress of 4th September, 1841. It )s
true, the lands of the pre-emptors became forfeited
by their failure to make entry by the day of public
sale; but there were circumstances which forced
themselves upon the consideration of this office, and
induced it to suspend its action, that the legislative
authority, if it deemed it expedient, might interpose
and dispose of the case. The season for this, how-
ever, passed away, and this office found itself still
in unmolested possession of the subject. It was
then felt to be a duty to resume the consideration of
it, and the result has been, that instructions were
prepared and despatched to the Platte office, which
have led, it is believed, to a satisfactory adjustment
of the whole matter. About 200,000 acres have
since been reported to this office from that district of
country as selected for the State; all of which, a
few tracts excepted, have been examined and ap-
proved. There is a difficulty in this State still pend-
ing, and of a general character, which should cer-
tainly be put in some train of adjustment, and in
which the State of Kentucky is equally interested
with that of Missouri. Wolf island, situated in the
Mississippi river, about 16 miles below the mouth
of the Ohio, and containing 5,473 acres, was sur-
veyed in 1823 under the orders of this office, as a
pau of the Jackson land district m Missouri, and
was offered for sale in June, 1835, under the procla-
mation of the President of the March preceding,
and portions of it were sold in 1835,1836, and 1837.
In November, 1837, this office was advised, for the
first _ time, that tlie State of Kentucky claimed
this island as being within her jurisdiction; and that,
on the 13th of the same month, under a special act
of her legislature, passed in the winter of 1836-'37,
she had actually sold it. As the question of juris-
diction between the States, and of property be-
tween the State of Kentucky and the general gov-
ernment, depended upon the locality of the main
channel of the river at that place, instructions were
given to the surveyor general to have the proper ex-
aminations made to ascertain this fact, ana also a
proper inquiry whether the channel had undergone
any change since 1783- The report of that officer
has been received, accompanied by a map and sun-
dry statements In sustain it; from which it appears
that the. Uiaunel of the river is on the eastern side
of the island, and, of course, that the latter is no£
wuhin the juiisdiction of Kentucky. As it is de®
suable, however, to avoid as much as possible all
cause of irritation, I have thought it best that the
sales should continue suspended until the question
c n<ld be s, ttleil in some mode, to be determined on
by the parties interested.
fn A'kansas, one-fourth of the territory has not
been offered for sale. In addition to what has
been the present year, 3.r>5,000 acres more would
have been proclaimed for sale, if the plats, which
only reached this office the last month, had been re-
ceived in time. About 113,000 acres of other lands
in the. noithein border of the State, and south of
White river, are embraced by the mineral region,
and await the final action of Congress; and the bal-
ance consists of bodies of land in the north, between
White and Arkansas rivers; on the St. Francis in
the northeast; on the Ouachita and Saline rivers, in the
south; and in the distript of country contiguous tg
