>'&
38
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Public Land Bill—Mr. Mc Clernand.
Dec. 1844.
nam© of the country, a little repose from the tur-
iftoil of party excitement. The country wanted it,
aasdj what was more,; the country would have it.
tj- ^ent?f5.en wer0 honored with a seat on
,, or s<? a hatred to silence, and
could utter ri'oth ing but party acrimony when they
SJJ<fk^, theif constituents, finding no other alterna-
tiTie,:riwould leave them at home, where they could
Wptmrtheir "gall at less expense to the nation. He
Wished to say a few words to his political friends
before he resumed his seat. It was this. They had
i great responsibility resting on their shoulders.
The party, be it what one it might, which holds the
reins of this government, have no time to spend in
exulting over their opponents, of whom they have
won this honorable but responsible position. The
well being and happiness of eighteen millions of
free, and at present happy, people depended, to a
greater or less extent, upon the fidelity with which
they performed their trust. They were all of one
great family. If democrats prosper, whigs will
prosper. If whigs suffer, democrats will suffer. Each
party, as he religiously believed, was struggling for
the public good. They only differed as to the
proper means to bring about that (to all) desirable
end. It was not in his nature to exult over his
brethren, who, in the late struggle, had been so sig-
nally overthrown; nor could he forget that the
same hard fate had, no longer than four years ago,
overtaken him and his friends. He recollected the
exultation then made on him, and how he then
thought that if, in the course of Providence, he
should again rise to the zenith, from the nadir of
his then position, he would recollect the beauties
of forbearance in the day of victory.
One more word to his friends: Go on in the
straight-forward track of duty; faithfully discharge
the responsible duties attached to your situations;
treat your opponents as policy and duty both dic-
tate—as brethren whose error was in the head in-
stead of the heart; act as becomes the democratic
party; and the honest and patriotic portion of the
whig party, so soon as they become satisfied that
your policy is right, and your hearts honest, will
leave those who would keep them in a continual
war with their fellows, for the purpose of arriving at
their ends as leaders, and will join with the democrats
in carrying out and perfecting this glorious govern-
ment, which, by the blessing of Goa, is yet destined
to be the great sample and light of the human fami-
ly wherever they may be situated on the four quar-
ters of the globe.
SPEECH OF ME. McCLERNAND,
of illinois.
In the House of Representatives, Dec. 27, 1844—In
Committee of the Whole, on the bill to "reduce
and graduate the price of the public lands."
Mr. McCLERNAND, addressing- the chairman,
said-—
'Much had been already said, and well said, in
Support of the bill before the committee, and he did
not know that he could add anything very material
to its success; but the relation he bore to the meas-
ure as the representative of a community deeply in-
terested in its fate, made it proper, if not necessary,
that he should contribue his a'id in its support by
expressing his views. He would, therefore, do so
as briefly and concisely as he was capable. It had
bfeen objected to the bill that it contemplated a total
subversion of the present land system—a system
which should be preserved on account of its age and
beneficent operation. He was willing to admit that
the present land system had been productive of
many good-effects; that it was judiciously adapted to
the state of the country at the time it was adopted.
But he could not go so far as some gentlemen had
who claimed for it a character of perfection and in-
violability. On the contrary, he insisted, from his
personal knowledge of its operation at present, that
it had out-lived its usefulness and fitness, and ought
now to be changed. This opinion was not the re-
sult of a blind veneration for old institutions or aver-
sion to new ones; he did not permit such feelings to
influence his judgment on any question of public
policy, as seemed to have been the case with the op-
ponents of the bill; but the covrse he deemed it his
duty to take was the suggestion of his reason and
reflection.
He was willing to treat with becoming respect
institutions which had proved their utility by time
and experience, but was unwilling to subscribe to
the doctrine that old institutions should be pre-
•Brved merely because they were old. He Aid not
belong to this antiquated school of political economy.
The rule which he had laid down for his govern-
ment, was to judge of every measure by its intrinsic
merits, and act accordingly. If it was just and
right, he would adhere to it; if not, he would reject it;
and this (said Mr. McC.) is the only safe rule of legis-
lation. it is the dictate of progressive democracy—
the spirit of the age, and the free principles which
distinguish our happy institutions from the barba-
rous despotisms of the dark ages. It is the doctrine
which gave impulse to the revolutionary struggle,
which sustained it through alternating fortune, and
finally crowned it with success.
But why this sudden fear of innovation from the
other side of the House? Why their dolorous dep-
recations of any "change" of the present land sys-
tem? Why their eloquent denunciations of any
such purpose? Is it because there is something of
fearful import in the word "change?" Will its effect
be to invoke a curse upon the country? to call forth
"gorgons, hydras, and chimeras dire," to frighten
men out of their propriety? If so, why did these
same gentlemen adopt the word as the "battle cry"
of the "great whig party" in the presidential contest
of 1840—the magic incantation by which "familiar
spirits"
"Black spirits and wjiite,
Ived bpirits and gray,"
were to be evoked from their midnight orgies and
sorceries; the gutter, the grog shop, and the bacchan-
alian rout, to the enactment of still more detestable
scenes of mummery, idolatry, and debauchery in
open day, to wage a crusade against democracy
and to overthrow its benign institutions?
Yes! the spirit of change was then on foot, and
it went forth to conquer and destroy; the gods of
democracy were thrown away, and reptiles and beasts
were chosen to supply their place; and the "great
whig: party,""
"Bowing, worshipped these as best beseemed,
With midnight revelry obscene and loud;
With dark, infernal, devilish ceremonies,
And horrid sacrifice of human flesh
That made the fair heavens blush "
"Change" was then the Dagon of federal idolatry;
and it comes with bad grace from that party to
deprecate it now. They sought for it then as the
means of escape from alleged evils; and the new
States now seek it for the same purpose, as an es-
cape from the evils of a land system which has ex-
torted from their inhabitants $119,217,326 44, as a
penalty for conquering the savage wilderness to the
arts of civilization, and for freighting the noble
rivers of the West with the rich productions of a
virgin soil. This is the objcct for which the new
States ask a change of the present land system—
this is the grievance for which they ask redress,
even although it should involve a change of a sys-
tem claimed to be immaculate. But the'assumption
of the age and inviolability of the system cannot
even claim the merit of truth in point of fact. It
was admitted that a uniform mode of surveying
and deriving title to the public lands from the govern-
ment has prevailed from its foundation; but in all
other respects, the land system has undergone fre-
quent and material changes. Originally the small-
est subdivision of land liable to purchase was 160
acres; now it is 40; at one time the credit system
prevailed; now cash payments are required; at one
time pre-emptions were disallowed; now they are
allowed; at one time the minimum price per acre was
$2 25; now it is $1 25; thus showing that therigor of
the system, as first established, has been from time
to time relaxed according to the dictates of a pro-
gressive knowledge and liberty in regard to the
subject, and the varying interests of the country.
And what now is asked? Not the subversion of the
sy stem, as alleged, but merely a reduction and gradu-
ation of price, according to the relative value of the
lands. And is not this just and right? Is not the
simple proposition of itself a conclusive argument
in favor of the measure? So far from being hostile
to the system, the friends of the bill may claim to be
its best friends; they would perpetuate it by adapt-
ing; its provisions to suit the temper and exigencies
countiy. They are opposed to distributing
H. of Beps.
of the
the proceeds of the publiclands as douceurs among the
States—in other words, to "distribution," which is
hostile to the objects of the present system: hostile
to it, because it diverts the land revenue from its con-
stitutional destination, and converts it into a fund
to corrupt the States into an acquiescence in fed-
eral abuses and usurpations; because its operation
is to promote folly and speculation in the communi-
ty, and extravagance and corruption in the govern-
ment, and not the great objects of extending our set-
tlements, multiplying freeholders, and adding to the
national wealth, accordingto the design of acquiring -
the public lands. ®
The measure proposed is not an "untried experi-
ment," as alleged; nor is it liable to the objections
which have been urged against it. The gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] who objects to it
as an experiment, seems to have~ forgotten that
Maine, a contiguous State, has tested its wisdom
and utility. In 1824 the legislature of that State di-
rected the unappropriated lands in the State to be
offered for sale at 30 cen ts per acre, at the same
time giving the settler a prior right of purchase.
Here Mr. Hamlin, of Maine, rose and said that
the statement of the gentleman from Illinois was not
exactly true,
Mr. McClernand. What does the gentleman
from Maine mean to say?
Mr. Hamlin. Nothing offensive to the gentle-
man from Illinois; only that the prices of the State
lands in Maine are graduated according to their
value—that a prior right of purchase is given to the
actual settler, and that the State lands may be paid
for by work on the high roads, &c.
Mr. McClernand. All this is very well. It
corroborated the genera] statement he had made,
and furnished an example worthy of the imitation
of the government.
Mr. McClernand, resuming the thread of his
discourse, said: Nor will it be forgotten that North
Carolina sold her inferior lands (some now worth
$20 per acre) for from 5 to 10 cents per acre. Ken-
tucky sold many of her best lands for 12| cents per
acre. Tennessee is now selling the waste lands in
her limits for whatever they will bring; and New
York and Massachusetts, and perhaps ail the old
States, have pursued the same general policy; so
that the policy proposed is not an experiment, but
has been acted on by the States, and ratified by their
experience.
In the case of Tennessee, the lands referred to
were offered for sale by the State under a law of
Congress, for a term of years, for 12j cents per
acre, and after that they were to be sold for what
they would bring; and no complaint of fraud,
perjury, and monopoly, is heard from that
quarter. Now, after this example of wise
and salutary munificence in regard to one State,
shall an invidious discrimination be made against
others? Shall we so far deviate from the path of
duty and propriety, as to prescribe different rules of
justice for different States? Are we prepared to say
to the State of Tennessee, Take your lands and sell
them for what they will bring in market, whether
much or little, and account for the proceeds, (see act
of Congress, approved 18th February, 1841,) and
then turn to Illinois and Missouri, and say to them,
we will retain the control of your lands, and you
shall not have them for settlement or any other pur-
pose, unless you pay us $1 25 per acre? Such in-
justice would be a reproach to any legislative body,
and much more to a republican Congress, deriving-
its authority from the consent of the people, and
specially charged and enjoined by the charter of
its existence to do justice to all its constituents. It
would be equally derogatory to the character of the
government, and unjust and dissatisfactory to the
people. As much may be said in favor of gradua-
ting the price of the lands. That policy has been
tried on a large scale, under the authority of the
government, m the case of the treaty of ,1834 with
the Chickasaw Indians, for the cvacuation'and sale of
the lands lately held by them in the State of Missis-
sippi. It is a case directly in point, and fully illus-
trates the advantages of the policy. The following
is one of the articles of the treaty.
Treaty wi'h the Chickasawsfor the vacation of their lands,
and the graduation of the price to purchasers.
"The lands, as surveyed, i-hall be oft'ered at public sale,
atapilc.e not less than £1 per acre, and thereafter for
ony year, those which are unsold, an..! which shall have
been previously oflered at public sale, shall be liable to pri-
vate entry and sale at that price. Thereafter, and for one
year longei, they shall be subject to entry and private sale
at one dollar per acie Therealter, and during the third
year, they shall be subject to sale and entry at fifty cents per
acre. Thereafter and during the fourth year, attwentv-
five cents per soie, and alterwards at twelve and a half
cents per acre."
Under the operation of this article, in the course
of four years, more than 2,000,000 of acres of land
were sold, and the email remnant not sold at the end
of that time was readily disposed of for a fair
equivalent. From this example two important
facts are derived: first, that when the government
seeks to settle, asd not speculate on, the lands, a
