42
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jait'Wflt
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Belser.
H.offteps.
vide merely for the exigencies of a few years, but
they intended to act for posterity. Their design
was not to confer an expanded territory on the fed-
em government to be used entirely for its own pur-
poses; but they intended to create a counterpoise
to" it in the number and independence of the States.
Territory, according to their ideas, was made for
Mankind; and when incorporated into the Union,
it was to be guarded by those needful rules and
regulations which Congress might prescribe; and
as soon as possible this right of guardianship was to
cease, States we re to be framed out of it, and then
to be admitted into the American family. "Every
government, then, in his opinion, which possessed
the power of increasing its population, had also
the inherent right to provide territory for its use.
Another ground, he said, had aho been assumed;
which was, as he had before stated, that every com-
pact between indepedent nations is a treaty; and
that, for this reason, Texas could not be annexed
without the intervention of the treaty-making pow-
er. He observed that, since the adoption of the
constitution of the United States, many compacts by
acts of legislation had been entered into between
the federal and State governments, and also between
the former and foreign nations.
On the 4th of March, 1789, Congress assembled
under the constitution which, but a little while be-
fore, had been ratified'by eleven States. In No-
vember of the same year, North Carolina also ac-
ceded to it; and in May, 3790, the assent of Rhode
Island was likewise obtained. On the 2d of April
following, Congress passed an act accepting from
the State of North Carolina a deed of cession of the
claims of said State to a certain district of western
territory therein named. This compact contained
many weighty provisions, and was performed by
joint legislation.—(See 2d volume United States
Xaws, p. 85.)
On the 24th April, 1809, a similar compact was
formed between the general government and the
State of Georgia, for an amicable settlement of the
limits of said State, and for the establishment of a
government in the Mississippi territory. By it
Georgia ceded to the government the country west
ofthe Chattahoochie river.—(See 1st vol. U. S. Laws,
p. 488.)
He would here inquire whether these were con-
tracts entered into by sovereigns for the incorpora-
tion of territory into the Union? After the ratifica-
tion of the constitution by eleven of the States, and
while North Carolina and Rhode Island were delib-
erating as to whether or not they would come into
the Union, Congress taxed their trade the same as if
they had been foreign nations. This early legisla-
tive exposition seemed to settle the character of the
States, while out of the Union; and their admission
into it afterwards, with only a portion of their sov-
ereignty parted with, entitled them, in his opinion,,
to be considered independent nations, while ceding
their territory to the government by acts of concur-
rent legislation.
After briefly examining these cases of legislative
compacts between the government and the States, he
now would advert to certain legislative compacts
with foreign nations; and whether they be for terri-
tory, trade, or anything else, this cannot alter the
principle, unless in cases where the object is con-
trolled by the constitution. He observed that all of
our intercourse with foreign nations, to a cer-
tain extent, partook of this kind of legislation. From
time to time we had said to Great Britain, Prance,
and other countries, if you will remove certain
restrictions on one branch of trade, we will, upon
the principle of reciprocity, do the same on another
equally important. And what, he asked, were these,
but legislative compacts between independent na-
tions? But a case more directly in point was the
establishment of the boundary between this govern-
ment and Texas a few years since—one of the high-
est acts of sovereignty that could be performed by
nations; a legislative compact of the greatest import,
which, as soon as it was agreed on, vested rights in
the citizen of which he could not be afterwards de-
prived. He was assured that the Senate passed this
law of the House unanimously; but still it was not
submitted to that body as a treaty, nor legislated on
as such by it.
And in his humble opinion, there was another
ground On which the legislative power of this Union,
with the concurrence of Texas, or without it, couid
incorporate that country into our own. All writers
on national law agree that a weaker power, for the
sake "of protection, may merge its existence in a
fre*ter,wM' further, that th« greater power, to per-
fect itself, or to guard against danger, may lawfully
receive the weaker power, or, in certain contingencies,
take it by force. It was in pursuance, partly, of this
last principle, that Congress, on the 31st of October,
1803, authorized Mr. Jefferson to take possession
of, and occupy the ceded territory from Prance to
the United States, embraced in the treaty of Paris;
Mr. Madison, on the 15th January, 1811, to take
possession of the country, east of the river Perdido,
and south of the State of Georgia and Mississippi
territory; and again, on the 12th February, 1813, to
take possession of another tract lying south of the
Mississippi territory, and west of the Perdido. In
his opinion; the several classes of cases to which he
had referred, settled the right of the legislative power
of this government to annex Texas to the United
States as a territory.
Mr. B. would here proceed to examine the va-
rious propositions before the committee. He was
prepared to support any one of them; still he had a
preference. He would take up that one which had
been submitted by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglass.] He desired to inform the gentleman
wherein he thought that his plan was- not the
proper one. He objected, in the first place, to the
preamble. He admitted that, in 1819, Texas had
been improperly parted with. What had induced
our negotiators to violate the obligation given to that
people in 1803, we should perhaps never know.
He presumed, however, that it was to obtain Flor-
ida, which, from her local position, controlled in a
degree the commerce of the Gulf, and the trade of
the Mississippi. This was the charitable view of
the matter. He further admitted, that, according to
the law of nations, there was but one case in which
this government could part with any portion of its
citizens, and that waa a case of actual necessity;
they could not be traded away like cattle, or other
property. He also was advised, that, where a sub-
sequent treaty is in conflict with a prior one,
the latter is void. But we had, by our own act, in-
corporated the people of Texas with those of a
foreign nation, afterwards recognised them as her
own in our intercourse with her and with Mexico,
while they were united to the latter under the com-
pact of 1824. He conceived that on this point we were
estopped by our own act, so far as that doctrine can
apply to a government.
Mr. Douglass here asked leave to explain. The
resolutions he had offered did not proceed on the
principle of denying the validity of the treaty, as
far as we were concerned: the position he took was,
that, though the treaty was void in itself as it re-
spected us, we were bound by it. We could not
claim Texas under the treaty of 1803; but he con-
tended that Texas had a right, under that treaty, to
demand admission at our hands.
Mr. Belser resumed. He was pleased to learn
from the honorable gentleman that there was so lit-
tle difference in their views as to the treaty alluded
to. He agreed with him that we were morally
bound to get Texas back if we could; but still, he
thought that the gentleman's preamble had a tenden-
cy to perplex the question.
He further contended that when, by the treaty of
1819, the inhabitants of Texas were bargained
away, it was at their option whether or not they
would become citizens of Spain: and if they chose
not to incorporate themselves with that government,
and had been able to stand alone, they were as in-
dependent as any people on earth. These inhabit-
ants of Texas never did become incorporated with
any other form of government, save the Mexican
constitution of 1824. When that constitution was
overturned by the strong arm of the military, and a
central despotism, under Santa Anna, was erected in
its stead, Texas was not bound by the new govern-
ment; and well did she refuse to submit to it. He
then put the question on the ground of conquest.
Texas had done, with respect to Santa Anna and
his government, just as we had done, in the days of
the revolution, to England and her government; and
she had achieved her independence and maintained
it just as we did ours. This, he conceived, was the
true basis on which the matter stood; it was one es-
tablished by the law of nations, and maintained by
common sense.
He had heard a great deal about an alleged viola-
tion of our treaty with Mexico in 1832, as the inev-
itable consequence of annexation. Now, what had
been our stipulation with Mexico in that treaty? It
was this: that we would maintain perpetual ami-
ty and friendship with Mexico, and with all tier
territories. Very well; but Texas was now no ter-
ritory of hers; and therefor® the stipulation of th t
treaty did not in the least interfere -tfitV our'exer-
cising dominion over it. Further, the language -of
that treaty was, that there slionld be peace between
the United States and the united Mexican States.
Texas, at the time it was made, was one of those
united Mexican States, and hence the guaranty ex-
tended also to her. Again: in that treaty with Mex-
ico, this government did not say to her that,if-the
preservation of the federal Union should'require
such a treaty to be departed frdin, its authori-
ties would not consult their own safety. Nb,'that
was a natural right inherent in nations, that-could
not be surrendered by negotiation.
But he also objected to that portion of the hon-
orable gentleman's proposition which introduced into
this discussion the Missouri compromise. In his
belief, that act had done more to unsettle American
institutions than any other in the history of the
government. It had introduced into our councils
a dangerous principle—to wit: that Congress had the
right to legislate on the subject of slavery. Aboli-
tion petitions, tracts, &c. were its fruits, and he
feared that they were but the harbinger of worse
measures. It was true that there was but little said
here on the subject of abolition now; but the silence
which prevailed in regard to it might prove to be
like that which precedes the earthquake.
Mr. B. would next direct his attention to the reso-
lutions of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Weller.J
He preferred them to those of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglass;] still he thought that they
were deficient in some things. He believed tha:t, as
soon as Texas shall consent to become a member of
our family, her government should^ cease; _ and
further, that we should evince to Mexico a dispo-
sition to settle the question of boundary on just
terms, and to cultivate a friendly intercourse in
every other particular.
The original report, emanating from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, he thought also subject to
the same objections which he had just urged against
the plan of the gentleman from Ohio. There were
reasons, however, why it should be preferred, and
a weighty one was that it had once been sanctioned
by the representatives of both governments." We
are not alone to be consulted about this compact.
Texas is to have a voice in it, and, therefore, she
should at this time be heard. To those who object
to this report because the Senate has already reject-
ed it in the form of a treaty, he had but .little to say.
If any were to be governed by such motives while
a great national negotiation, involving agricultural
commercial, manufacturing, and mechanical interests
was pending, those he would remind that the argus-
eyed people are watching our deliberations with
intensity, and will not fail to discover their
errors.
He had likewise read the bill and resolutions of
his friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Tibbatts,] publish-
ed in several of the papers, proposing to annex as a
State. He confessed he had more doubt as to the
constitutionality of this scheme for annexation
than of any other; but even if called on to vote for
it, he would pursue the judicial rule, and when in
doubt, give effect to the legislative will
Mr. B. had a proposition of his own, [see
appendix No. 1,] which, like unto that of his
friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Tibbatts,] was not
yet before the committee, although it had been
printed. He knew very well that men were apt
to be fond of the children of their own crea-
tion, and he did not plead an exemption from
the feeling; but this he could say, if he had ever given
to any subject his earnest and undivided attention, it
was this. His first resolution was, for the annexa-
tion of the territory; the second authorized the
President (as soon as jurisdiction was obtained
by the consent of Texas) to erect therein a tempo-
rary government; the third was to settle the difficul-
ties as to boundary, which might arise with Mexico;
and the fourth guarantied to Texas protection du-
ring the negotiation. It seemed to him that any
true friend of annexation ought not to hesitate to
vote for his proposition. There were precedents to
justify it—one of them to be found in the 3d volume
of the United States laws, page 562, [see appen-
dix No..2:] and another in the fith volume of the
said work, page 593, [see appendix No. 3-] He
again declared that he was not wedded to any plan
which had been submitted. He meant to vote for
Texas, if he could. And if gentlemen are in doubt,
he would say to them, with Hoyle ip his treatise on
whist, "When you are in doubt, take the tricj£.}'
[Great laughter.] _ ' 4 ■ £ •'
But (said Mr. B.) we are told by the opponent
