Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4S
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Belser.
H. of Reps
of annexation, that our citizens settled in Texas;
that the United States encouraged them in it; and
that it is through their influence that the country
has been wrested from Mexico, and consequently,
it would subject us to improper suspicions, if we
annex the republic at this time.* Here arises a
home view of this question. How was it that this
government had.removed the Indians west of the
Mississippi? When the first navigators from the
CFld World discovered this continent, it was in the
possession of independent nations or tribes. Eu-
ropean powers were anxious to annex it to their
own dominions, and nautical adventurers were
found sailing along the coast, claiming for their
rulers certain countries between the Atlantic and the
Pacific oceans. Since then, in the arrangements of
Providence, Indian possession had gradually given
way before the advances of civilization. And so it
must ever be. ' Gentlemen might talk as they
pleased about their devotion to the thirteen original
States—about prescribing limits to the American
people. There were none—there could be none!
They would go, and go, and still continue to go,
until they reached the ultimate boundary which the
God of nature had set to the progress of the human
race. He, for one, hoped that the day was not far
distant when they would go a little farther. [A
laugh.J He meant farther than the point at which
his friend from Pennsylvania had fixed their ulti-
mate boundary, when he had so eloquently de-
scribed it as being marked "in the configuration of
this continent by an Almighty hand:" he was not,
be hoped, so impious as to throw out the idea that
they could transcend a point fixed for them by the
decrees of God.
After this continent had been discovered, we suc-
ceeded to the rights of Great Britain. We inherit-
ed the soil by the sword. The country was still
ours. We could almost trace, in the neighborhoods
of Jamestown and of Plymouth, the ancient track
of the postboy; as we could in the great West the
footsteps of the Catholic missionary and of the
French soldier. The land was ours; but where
were the people? Where was that brave aboriginal
race which once chased the deer and conquered the
bear in its mountains and valleys? They were
gone, and we were in their places. And how had
we obtained their country? Talk of cessions and
Indian treaties: it was a farce! We had got their
possessions by the strong arm of power. We re-
moved these tribes from their hunting-grounds, who
did not cultivate the land, in order that we might
accomplish the greatest amount of good to the hu-
man race. And has Texas done anything more
than we did before her? No, sir!—no, sir!
Let gentlemen look on those two figures which
have so recently been erected on the eastern portico
of this Capitol, [great laughter,] and learn an in-
structive lesson. Gentlemen mignt laugh at the nu-
dity of one of them; but the artist, when lie made
Columbus the superior of the Indian princess in ev-
ery respect, knew what he was doing. And when
he likewise placed the ball in his hand, he intended
further to represent the power of civilization, and
what were to be the effects of the discovery of that
wonderful man.
And does the history of the past furnish no in-
sight into the future? What is to become of our
population in a half century or a century hence?
According to a calculation derived from the best of
sources, m fifty years it will number one hundred
millions; and in double that period, three hundred
millions. Talk to him about confining the area of
liberty!—it could not be done. Freedom's pure and
heavenly light was here, and it would continue to
burn, with increasing brightness, till it had illumined
this entire continent.
Why, what did gentlemen suppose was to liecome
of the rising generation in the West'' Did they
think it was to stay there, to vegetate like a plant
and die on the spot where it grew? No, you had
as well attempt to arrest Niagara. It would go
onward and onward; it would fill Oregon; it would
fill Texas; it would pour like a cataract over the
Kocky mountains, and, passing to the great lakes of
theWest,it would open the Forests of that far distant
wilderness to the light of the rising sun. And who-
ever should live and visit this continent at that day
might hear the voice of the American reaper on the
far shores of the Pacific. The idea thrown out by
President Houston, in one of his messages, that the
lone star of Texas would yet one day float in tri-
umph over the ancient palace of the Mortezumas
had been much ridiculed; but, in his apprehension,
jt wb« likely (o b< converted into sober fact,
Mr. B. then did not believe in limiting the spread
of liberty, or in checking the migration'of our peo-
ple. Extension, in his opinion, was the antagonist-
lcal principle of centralization. Our duration as a na-
tion consists in our inestimable institutions, in our
expansive territory, in the virtue of the people; and,
combined with these, were our noble rivers, our
internal communications, the abundance which we
raise, and the certainty of bringing into requisition
in the hour of need our physical force. On this
branch of the subject he agreed with General Jack-
son. That great man had been misrepresented
by his enemies. They had charged him with a want
of polish, with a lack of learning. It might be true
that he had not so much knowledge of books as
many others less prominent in life; but he knew
men, he read human nature, and had that kind of in-
formation which was worth mure than that of ail
the bookworms in the country.
The inhabitants of the new States had entered
Texas in large numbers, with the hope of bettering
their condition, and with an honest ambition to occu-
py elevated stations in the new republic. This
was the genius and spirit of the popular system
which distinguished our country. And are we pre-
pared to reject Texas again? In the language of one
of her sons, " What! reject a proffered Urntory as ex-
tensive as four or five of our largest States, equal infer-
tility to the most favored, superior to most r,f them in
natural advantages; with a thousand miles if sea coast;
from its position constituting an unseemly inteifertnce
with our territory? What! reject a compact which
secures to Texas no advantages—save tile solitary isolated
one of nestling in the foUls of the star spangled ban-
ner."
In conclusion, Mr. B. observed that lie had re-
cently been reading a historical legend which af-
forded an exemplification of what he thought
ought to be our national condition and character.
When the city of Corinth was taken, sacked, and
burnt by the Roman consul, Mummius, in the
fusion of metals pioduced by the intensity of the
heat, a mixed and conpounded one was produced of
far greater brilliancy and beauty than any of the
materials of which it was composed. It was called
Corinthian brass, and was held more precious than
gold. He desired to see the day speedily come
when our country will, so far as a spirit of brother-
hood can exist, resemble just such a metal as was
formed at Corinth. And that that government whose
independence was first proclaimed by the Henrys,
the Thompsons, the Adamses, the Middletons, the
Rutledges, and the Lees, will survive the ghastly
glare of an unbridled fanaticism; and that some inter-
ceding spirit will yet rise up to check the now w ide-
sprcad flames. Long may our country prove itself
the asylum of the oppressed. Let its institutions
and its people be extended far and wide, and when
the waters of despotism shall lmve inundated other
portions of the globe, and the votary of liberty be
compelled to betake himself to his ark, let this gov-
ernment be the Ararat on which it shall rest.
ArPENDix—No. I.
Mr. Bei.ser asked leave to introduce a series of
joint resolutions for the annexation of Texas to the
United States, in the following form:
Preamble and joint resolutions for the annexation of the
republic of Texas to the United States of America.
In view of the present peculiar situation of the republic of
Texas, and the influence which she is destined, from her
immediate location upon our western borders, and her inti-
mate connection with the territory, population, and re-
sources of the United States, to have upon our national se-
curity, tranquillity, and commerce, we, the supreme legis
lative authority ot the Ameiican Union, in order to secure
the blessing** of peace and prosperity to ourselves, and safe-
ty. good government, and liberty to the inhabitants of
Texas, do hereby adopt the following resolutions, annexing
the said republic to the United States:
Resoliedby the Senate and Home of Representatives of the
United States of .America in Congress assembled. That, with
the consent of the authorities of Texas* so much of the ter-
ritory as rightfully belongs to the said republic be, and the
same is hereby, annexed to the United States, and made one
of the territories of the same, under the name of "tlie Terri-
tory ofTexas."
2. And he itfurther resolved, That, as soon as jurisdiction
over the territory of Texas shall be obtained by the United
States, as herein provided, the President of the United States
is hereby authorized and directed to take immediate posses-
sion of the same; and until other provision be made hy Con-
gress to establish therin o temporary government upon the
Principles regulating other territories of the United States,
so faras the same may be applicable; and the military, civil,
and judicial powers are hereby vested in such authorities as
he may establish in pursuance of this resolution for the pro-
tection and maintenance of the inhabitants of the said ter-
ritory in the full enjoyment of their liberty property, and
j-sliglen.
3. And be it further resolved, That these resolutions ard
hereby declared to be the fundamental law of annexation be-
tween the United States and Te£as, so soon as they shall he
concurred in by both governments; and that if any dispute
shall thereafter arise with any foreign power respecting any
boundary of Texas, the President of the United States is
hrreby authorized to open all necessary negotiations forthe
settlement of the same upon just and honorable terms, sub-
ject to the ratification ofthis government.
4 And be it further resolved, That if, during the pendency
of these propositions, any attempt shall be made by any for-
eign power to occupy by military force, or to\ invade any
part of the said republic of Texas, or to harass or destroy
her commerce, the President of the' United States is hereby
authorized and directed to afford protection to the same:
and fur that end may employ such parts of the military-aba
naval power of the United States as may be necessary.
b And be it further lesolve.d, That as soon as these resolu-
tions shall have passed the Congress of the United States,
and been approved by the President, he shall forthwith
transmit a copy of the same to the government of the re*
public of Texas for its concurrcnce.
APPENDIX NO, 2.
An act to enable the President of the United States to taka
possession of the territories ceded by France to the Uni-
ted States, by the treaty concluded at Paris on the, thir-
tieth of April last; and for tho temporary government
ment thereof.
Sect. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre*
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress as-
sembled, That the President of the United States be, and he
is hereby^authorized to take possession of, and occupy, the
territory ceded by France to the United States, by tne trea-
ty concluded at Paris on the thirtieth day of April last, be-
tween the two nation"?; and that he may, lor that purpose,
and in order to maintain in the said territories the authority
of the United States, employ any part of the army and navy
of the United States, and of the force authorized by an act
passed the third day of March last, entitled "An act direct-
ing a detachment from the militia of the United States, and
for erecting certain arsenals," \\ hich he may deem necessa-
ry, and so much of the sum appropriated by the said act as
may be necessary, is hereby appropriated forthe purpose of
carrying this act into effect; to be applied under the direc-
tion of the President of the United States.
Skct. 2 And he it jurther enacted, That, until the expira-
tion of the present session of Congress, unless pi'ovision for
the temporary government of the said territories be sooner
made by Congress, d31 the military, civil, and judicial pow-
ers, exercised by the officers of the existing government of
the same, shall be vested in such person and persons, and
shall be exeiciscd in such manner as the President of the
United States shall direct, for maintaining and protecting
the inhabitants of Louisiana in the free enjoyment of their
liberty, property,  nd religion. Approved, Oct. 31, ISO*-
Appendix No. 3.
RESOLUTION.
Taking into view the peculiar situation of Spain, aad of
her American provinces; and considering the influence
which the destiny ef the territory adjoining the southern
border of the United States may have upon their security,
tranquillity, and commerce: therefore,
Resolved by the Se7iate and House of Representatives of tke
United States of America in Congress assembled, That the
United States, under the peculiar circumstances of the ex-
isting crisis, cannot, without serious inquietude, see any
part of the said territory pass into the hands of any foreign
power; and that a due regard to their own safety compel*
them to provide, under certain contingencies, for the tem-
porary occupation of the said territory; they, at the same
time, declare that the said territory shall, in their hands, re-
main subject to future negotiation. Approved, 15 January,
1811.
An act to enable the President of the United Statei, under
certain contingencies, to take possession of the country
lying east of the river Perdido, and south of the State of
Georgia and the Mississippi Territory, and for other pur*
poses.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That the President of the United States be, and he
is hereby, authorized to take possession of. and occupy; all
or any part of the territoiy lying east of the river Perdido,
and south of the State of Geoigia and the Mississippi Terri-
tory, in case an arrangement has been, or shall be, made
with the local authority of the said territory, for delivering
up the possession of the same, or any part thereof, to the
United States, or in the event of an attempt to occupy tho
said territory, or any part thereof, by any foreign govern-
ment; and he may, for tho purpose of taking possession,
and occupying the territory aforesaid, and in order to main-
tain therein the authority of the United States, employ any
part of the army and navy of the United States which li«
may deem necessary.
See. 2. Be it further enacted, That one hundred thousand
dollars be appiopnated, for defraying such expenses as the
President may deem necessary for obtaining possession as
aforesaid, and the security of the said territory, to be appli-
ed under the direction of the President, out of any money#
in the treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sf.c. 3 Be it fu>ther enacted, That, incase possession of
the territory aforesaid shall be obtained by the United States
as aforesaid, until other provision be made by Con-
gress, the President be, ana he is hereby, authorized to
establish, within the territory aforesaid, a temporary gov-
ernment. and the. military, civil and judicial powers there-
of she'll be vested in such person and persons, and be exer-
cised in such manner, as he may direct, for the protection
and maintenance cf the inhabitant of the said territory iu
the full enjoyment of their liberty, property, and religion
Approved, 16 January, 1811.
An act concerning an act to enable the President of the
United States, under certain contingencies, to take poi-
of tip conntry 1} jug «ut of the rir#r Fsrdido smd
