Dec. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Debate on the Oregon question.
Senate.
progress of that measure. He went so far as to say that
such occupation would 'ccnjHW with his Majesty's claims
in that quarter "
This (said Mr. B.) was open and authentic opposi
tion, on the part of Great Britain, to American legis-
lation on this subject near a quarter of a century
ago. That power interposed to prevent the legisla-
tion of Congress; and what did it do besides? The
very next year, 1822, an act of the British Parlia-
ment was passed, establishing law and government
over the "whole of Oregon, even to the line of Mis-
souri, and in language which subjects all American
citizens in that quarter to British law, and British
judicial officers, and even to be sent to Canada for
trial in some oases. The terms of the British aet
amount to all this, though it has not yet been en-
forced against American citizens. But Great Brit-
ain did, herself, what she interfered to prevent the
United States from doing; and she has had law and
government, in Oregon since 1822, while the citi-
.zens of the United States are without either. How
long is this to continue? How long is the brand-
ishing of a British claim to prevent the United
States from doing, on its own territory, what Great
Britain did upon it above twenty years ago? Mr. B.
said the British act of Parliament to which he re-
ferred had ,'been printed, on his motion, soon after
it passed, and was now among the public docu-
ments. He had wished, from the time he came to
Congress, to see an American statute on the same
subject, and should do all in his power to accom-
plish it. Law and government were necessary to the
emigrants who had gone to Oregon: law and mili-
tary protection was necessary to them. Great
Britain gave such aid to her subjects on the United
States territory: shall the United States fail to pro-
tect and aid her own citizens on her own soil?
Mr. ARCHER said he felt called upon to repeat
to the Senate—because this debate would go out be-
fore the country, and the people were naturally
very sensitive in relation to the questions of foreign
relations which were pending atthismoment—hefelt
it necessary to repeat to the Senate and the country,
that the question involved in the motion under con-
sideration was not the form of any bill that ought to
be adopted in relation to Oregon Territory, but a
question of much higher importance, Whether the
Senate of the United States is at liberty, pending a
negotiation, to entertain any jurisdiction at all in re-
lation to the disposal of the territory. Suppose we
have a questionable title to it—which he did not at
all admit:—he asked, whether the Senate had not,
according to the forms of our government, submit-
ted this question of our title, and the negotiation of
it, to another department of the government—the
executive—who has tcid us this very session that
this juiisdiction, i'i the recognised for.ns of
the constitution, is at this very moment in exer-
cise by that department of the government. Here
was a question he wanted to put to the honorab'c
gentlemen on the other side; and he should be very
glad to have it answered: If the Congress of t' e
United States take at this moment ir.to their hands
the decision of this question of the disposal of Ore-
gon, what remains for the action of the executive
power, which the President telb us is at this mo-
ment in exercise, m negotiating a treaty for the ad-
justment of the questions at issue between the two
governments on the subject or Oregon? He asked
whether anything would be loft within the jurisdic-
tion of the executive department, now in the declared
exercise of its constitutional function, in relation to
this subject? If the Senate introduce this bill to-
day, may it not bepasssd immediately through both
branches of Congress? What, then, remains for
the action of the treaty-making power of the execu-
tive? Congress takes the matter into its own hands,
and settles it. Would it not be a declared superces-
sion of that power, pronounced upon the face of the
bill?
Now he asked, first, was it decent and seemly in
regard to another department of this government?
He asked whether it was decent, and seemly, and
prudent, in relation to the foreign government with
which we are now negotiating on the subject of that
territory' In what aspect is it that some of the
politicians of this country are ready, at any mo-
ment, to exhibit their country? Is it that you en-
gage in a negotiation, and whilst the negotiation is
in actual dependency and progress before your eyes,
you stop it at any moment, without alleging any
reason?—that you say, we have a message from the
executive department, telling us that the negotiation
is in progress, but we shall not go on with it? Will
any government engage in negotiation with the Uni-
ted States if that is to b« the conduet we w« to ex-
hibit, and the language we are to use' We would
be unfit to assert our claims to the courtesy of other
nations. And yet, gentlemen will argue this, as if
the Committee on Foreign Relations wanted to ex-
ercise jurisdiction over this Territory of Oregon!
He wouM tell honorable gentlemen that the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations would absolutely refuse
that j urisdiction. But he wanted to decide whether, by
any of its organs, the Senatecould decently andprop-
erly go into the exercise of these functions at all.
The honorable senator from Missouri, who spoke
last, [Mr. Benton,] had asked when was all this
matter of negotiation to end. His (Mr. Archer's)
own opinion was, that it would end before the pres-
ent session of Congress—that the negotiation in re-
lation to this subject between the government of
Great Britain and the United States, had been really
in progress, and would come to a close before that
period. If, however, the arguments of gentlemen
last year and this year be well founded, though we
knew, by actual disclosure from the executive,
that it would come to an issue to-morrow, there were
senators here who would attempt even then to in-
tercept the result of the negotiation. The thing
was plain; there were gentlemen here who did not
wish the result of this affair to depend upon nego-
tiation at all—they manifestly apprehended the re-
sults of negotiation. He, (Mr. A.,) who had been
called an enemy of our title to Oregon, thought the
title of this government to that Territory so good
that he was willing to trust to the issue of negotia-
tion. He did not deem so lightly of the validity
of that title, as, after it had been submitted, accord-
ing to the forms of the government of the United
States, to the arbitrament of negotiation, to trem-
ble, before negotiation was at an end. He had
nothing to fear in regard to the validity of that title.
He had no desire to withdraw it from the arbitra-
ment which was recognised as the fair ard the prop-
er one by the usage of nations. He maintained
that the course of argument urged here by gentle-
men who were its advocates, was an impeachment
forever of the title of the United States to Oregan.
The negotiation for the settlement of that ques-
tion is in progress. We have adopted the course
that all nations having contested titles arc bound to
adopt, unlets the doctrine is to prevail that we alone
are to admit, when we have questions of title to set-
tle, no resort but tn'the strong hand. He said for his
country, tlmt he stood, for one, opposed to the in-
troduction of this usage among us. He deemed the
title of the United States to the Territory of Oregon
so g.iod, that it would bear to be committed to the
issue of tii s negotiation. He was, therefore,
willing to trust to the result, It never should be
said of him at least, that having consented to com-
mit trie question to negotiation—the course known
among civilized nations, unless we chose to resort to
war—that he had shown himself afraid to tr.ist to ar-
bitrament, or, before its result could be ascertained,
had receded from it. He hoped the reference would
be to the Committee on Foreign Relotions.
Mr. ALLEN wished to say simply a word in
reply to the honorable senator from Virginia [Mr.
Archer.] That senator had truly said Congress
and the executive might come in conflict on this
subject—that an act oV Congress might clash with
the treaty-making power of the executive. There
was no danger of our relations even in that event;
because an act of Congress would amount to very
httle without the President's signature; so that if
Congress should pass an act, and the act clashed
with the treaty, the President's signature would be
necessary to perfect it before it became the law of
the land. It was within his discretion to sign it or
not.
But he [Mr. Allen] had said that the President
had called the attention of Congress to this subject
in his annual message,^and had advised a measure
like that which was now before the Senate. He
should say nothing more, but ask that this brief par-
agraph from the President's message might be read.
[Here the Secretary of the Senate read the follow-
ing extract from the President's message.]
"Since the close of your last session, a negotiation has
been formerly entered upon between the Secretary of State
and her Britannic Majesty's minister plenipotentiary and
envoy extraordinary residing at Washington, relative to tho
rights of their respective nations in and over the Oregon
Territory. That negotiation is still pending. Should' it,
during your session, tie brought to a definitive conclusion,
the [result will he promptly communicated to Congress.
I would, however, pgam call your attention to the recom-
mendations contained in piwvious messages, designed to
protect and facilitate emigntion to that territory. The es-
tablishment of military posts at suitable points upon the ex-
tended line of land travel would enable our citizens to rui-
grate to comparative jafoty to the fertile regions Inlaw the
falls of the Columbia, and make the provision of the listing
convention, forthe joint occupation of the territory.by sub-
jects by Great Britain and the citi2ens of the United States,
more available than heretofore to the latter. These posts
would constitute places of rest for the weary emigrant,
where he would be sheltered securely against the danger of
attack from the Indians, and be enable to recover from the
exhaustion of a long line of travel Legislative enactments
should also be made, which should spread over him the
aegis of our laws, so as to afford; protection to his person
and property when he shall have reached his distant home.
In this latter respect, the British government has been
much more careful of the interests of such of her people as
are to be found in that country, than the United states.
She has made necessary provision for their security and
protection against the acts of the viciously disposed and
lawless, and her emigrant reposes in safety under the pano-
ply of her laws. Whatever may be the result of the pend-
ing negotiation, such measures are necessary. It will
a fiord me the greatest pleasure to witness a happy and
favorable termination to the existing negotiation, upon
terms compatible with the public honor, and the best efforts
of the government will continue to be directed to this end."
Mr. MERRICK was very sorry that his honora-
ble friend from Virginia persisted so pertinaciously
in his proposition to refer the bill to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and -for the avowed purpose,
too, of arresting all action on it.
Mr. ARCHER interposed to say that his expres-
sion was "to suspend" its action pending the exist-
ing negotiation.
Mr. MERRICK would accept the qualification;
but even to suspend its action by such a reference
was not in accordance with parliamentary usage.
Now, aside from this, it seemed to him that we had
an undisputed right to territory in Oregon, and that
the only question we were prepared to submit to ne-
gotiation was as to the extent of our territory—not
as to our title to territory at all. The argument of
the senator from Virginia would have great force,
and would be entitled to grave consideration, when
the bill should have been matured by its friends.
They wish to provide for the organization of a gov-
ernment in our Oregon Territory, and it is but rea-
sonable that they should have every opportunity of
making their measure perfect before it is submitted
to discussion. But the senator from Virginia seem-
ed to think that even in this they are likely to come
in conflict with a pending negotiation. Now, he
could not see the force of this apprehension, since
it must be perfectly obvious to the negotiators that
it involves no decision of the Senate.
We had, heretofore, by general assent, permitted
the matter, whenever a bill on the subject was in-
troduced, to be refeired to a select committee of its
friends; and he could see no necessity at present to
depart from that practice. Here was a naked pro-
position on the part cf a senator of the United
States to provide a territorial government for a terri-
tory to which we most clearly and unequivocally
have a right; and surely a Committee on Foreign Re-
lations is not the appropriate committee to which to
refer this question of the propriety of organizing the
proposed government. The proposition is not to
ditpose of territory that is ours to another power, or
to acquire teiritory not already ours, but simply to
exercise our juiisdiction over our own territory. It
has nothing whatever to do with foreign relations.
Incidentally, it might be argued, that the exercise of
that jurisdiction might lead to a question properly
coming within the consideration of that committee;
but directly there is no question in the proposition
for it to consider.
The proper motion is that suggested by the
senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Walker.] It was
the course heretofore adopted. He hoped his hon-
orable friend from Virginia would allow the bill to go
to a select committee. Let its friends mature a proper
plan of government. If they attempt, in doing so,
to define limits of territory infringing upon existing
treaties, or likely to conflict with the pending nego-
tiation, it will be time enough when they make their
report for the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations to point out the fact, and claim its
consideration by the committee over which he pre-
sides with so much honor to himself and advantage
to the country. He [Mr. Merrick] was quite sure
that, in the event of any such fact being pointed out,
the Senate would not hesitate to suspend action on
the bill in the proper manner—by laying it on the
table.
Mr. WHITE did not consider this altogether n
question of mere etiquette. It could make httle dif-
ference in regard to it, what committee it was re-
ferred to. It was the action of the Senate upon the
bill when matured, that alone could have the influ-
ence apprehended by the gentleman from Virginia.
The object of refe.cnce was to perfect the bill before
it was submitted to the Senate for action. And it
wan perfectly clear that that objeet eould be be t Mr
