48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong.... 2d Sess.
Debate on the Oregon question.
' Sfenate;
complished by, a committee having in charge the
special subject.
He should not have interposed a single word or
offered his poor opinion here, if it had not been sup-
posed, that the rote of the Senate against sending the
bill to the Committee on Territories had concluded
that the reference should be to the Committee on
Foreign Relations. Now, he wished to say that he,
for one, did not so regard the matter; for he was
ready to vote, as he had heretofore voted, in favor of
referring the subject to a special committee. In do-
ing this, it was obvious, he gave no pledge to vote
for the bill itself. He might, on the contrary, as he
had done before, vote against the bill when it came
up for action; but of that, it would be time enough
to speak when that action became necessary. He
was a friend to Oregon; but he was also a friend to
the maintenance of our good faith under treaty
stipulations. Now, he did not see how the reference
of this bill to a special committee could affect our
foreign relations. Nor, on the other hand, did he
see how the Committee on Foreign Relations could
Eerfect the bill, if referred to it. The senator at the
ead of that committee had avowed, in advance, that
such was not his object. Now, he (Mr. W.) had
no knowledge of the details of the bill; but he com-
prehended generally what ought to be the terms of a
bill for organizing a territorial government. He be-
longed to a section of the country once known as
the northwest territory, which had since grown up
into an immense empire, under the fostering ordi-
nance of 1787—which he considered constituted one
of the brightest pages in our national history. Now,
he should be permitted to say, that if the ordinance
for the organization of the Territory of Oregon was
anything like the ordinance of 1787, he should feel
ambitious of having some little participation in its
enactment. It would be an organic law of which
he should have reason to be proud as one who had
taken part in it; for there was a proud feeling in being
instrumental to the impetus of giving life and vigor
to any new territory to be formed out of any portion
of our wide domain.
In regard to the courtesies due to foreign nations,
he felt that he was violating no rule of propriety m
voting to refer this subject to a select committee.
If there was any higher observance of the forms
of courtesy than another in parliamentary usage, it
was that which accorded to the mover of a bill the
privilege of selecting the committee to which it was
to be referred. Even the highest questions of State
policy are referred to special committees at the in-
stance of the movers—such, for instance, as ques-
tions of peace or war. He had as much respect for
the Committee on Foreign Relations and its distin-
guished chairman as any senator on that floor; but
this did not blind him to the fact that, if this bill
was referred to that committee, it could not pertain
to its functions to mature the measure, and report it .
as in a perfect state for the action of the Senate.
May not all difficulty be removed while a select
committee is perfecting the bill? Considering the
voracious despatch with which the Texas question
had been managed by our government, had we not
good reason to expect that the pending negotiation
with Great Britain about Oregon would be brought
to a hasty close during the present session? The
decision would be known probably in time for ac-
tion on the bill. When that action was called for,
he might vote against the ultimate adoption of the
bill, should it appear to him that its provisions con-
flicted with the duty which we owed to the func-
tions of another branch of the government. He
should not vote in respect to any foreign govern-
ment; for no foreign government can have any claim
whatever over our legislation. Foreign powers may
have claims on our government, but they have no
possible right to take umbrage at our legislative ac-
tion. It is only in respect to the action of our gov-
ernment that a foreign government can have a right
to complain.
He should vote for the reference to a select com-
mittee, as a friend to Oregon, uninfluenced by any
attempt, (if any such existed,) on one side, to make
political capital out of a vote on this question, and
in defiance of any party drill, (if such should be at-
tempted,) on the other. There should be nothing of
party in the question. It was a question of right;
and from that right he could neither be seduced nor
driven by the conscquences of his vote in the hands
of political opponents, or the mandates of his politi-
cal friends. He regretted that tins subject comd
not be suffered to be diposed of in dispassionate ar-
gument. It was a national question, in which all
yere interested. There were certain points on
which both sides of the House professed to be
unanimous. Why not meet upon those points and
secure to our country its rights? He, for one, was
determined not to be precluded from talcing that
position which would enable him, at the fitting time,
to aid in securing those rights.
In voting for the reference to a select committee,
he meant no disrespect for the Committee on Ter-
ritories. He had voted for the institution of thaj
committee, being a friend to the Territories and anx-
ious to see their domestic interests attended to. But
this he considered a subject more properly belong-
ing to a select committee, because it would be the
duty of a select committee to take charge of the
whole subject, whether in relation to the domestic
policy of the Territory or in reference to the peculiar
circumstances under a state of things different from
that of our other Territories.
Mr. BAYARD, before expressing any opinion
in relation to this matter, desired to make one in-
quiry of the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations; and that was, whether notice had been
given to the British government of abandoning
the existing treaty.
Mr. ARCHER replied that no such notice had
been given, that he knew of.
Mr. BAYARD. Well, then, by that contract
we are to have joint occupation of the Territory with
Great Britain. It is now proposed on our part to
organize a government for this Territory. A bill for
that purpose is proposed to us, and the question
naturally arises, can we, according to our compact
of joint occupation, ogranize a government there?
What committee can so appropriately consider and
report upon that issue as the Committee on Foreign
Relations? Besides, a negotiation is now pending
which has special reference to the termination of
the compact of joint occupation and the definition
of the respective rights of the parties negotiating.
This negotiation is to settle the question of bound-
ary lines. All these things fall naturally and prop-
erly under the cognisance of the Committee on For-
eign Relations. He should therefore vote for the
reference of the bill to that cosimittee.
Mr. BAGBY had given his vote for the reference
to the Committee on Territories in accordance with
the wishes of the senator who introduced the bill.
That motion having failed, he would, with equal
pleasure, vote with him on the present question of
reference; and when that should be disposed of in
the negative, as he hoped it would, he should vote
with his friend [Mr. Atchison] for referring his
bill to a select committeee.
But even admitting that the subject should not go
to the Committee on Territories, there was one
thing on which he could not be mistaken: that there
was not a solitary provision of the bill on which a
question could arise properly cognisable by the
Committee on Foreign Relations. If he understood
the bill correctly, it contained no solitary provision
calling for the interference of thai, committee.
What, under heaven, was there in the bill con-
nected with the foreign relations of the country?
He would also ask whether it could be expected
that the Committee on Foreign Relations would
mature and perfect the plan of government pro-
posed by the bill. No such thing. On the con-
trary, the intention was avowed of frustrating, for
the present, that purpose. Nothing had been at-
tempted to be shown to warrant the supposition
that the reference of this bill would interrupt any
negotiation, or could come in conflict with its ob-
jects. It was a mere creation of the imagination of
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, that the effect would be thai no foreign nation
would henceforward hold any intercourse with us,
should the diplomacy he speaks of be interrupted
in this way. Now, whatever might be the opinions
of the honoiable chairman as to the facility of set-
tling this qufstion by negotiation, it was his (Mr.
B.'s) opinion that, if we trusted alone to diplomacy,
instead of prompt action, twenty-five years more
were much more likely to pass over our heads before
anything could be done.
According to the information furnished by his
friend on the left, [Mr. Benton,] it was shown that
in 1821 this work of procrastination by diplomacy
was successfully established. And we found oui-
selves now precisely in the same situation that we
were then. What at that period was the argument
of the friends of diplomacy' "Don't entertain the
idea of legislating on this subject; it is in negotia-
tion between the two governments, and will be in-
stantly settled." And what has been the result? A
quarter of a century has elapsed, and nothing has
been done; and no w we are recommended to let our-
selves be cajoled into another slumber for another
(juarter of a century.
The senator from Kentucky [Mr. Morkhead]
seemed to go almost to the conclusion that we had
no territory at all in Oregon; because, if we had
territory there, no senator could deny our right to
provide a government for it. If we have territory
there, and citizens occupying that territory, it is in-
disputable that it is our duty to afford them the pro-
tection of a government. If otfr right had been
broken down by foreign negotiation, then the sena-
tor might be right; but he says he voted for this
measure before, because there was no negotiation
pending. Now, however, he considers a pending
negotiation makes a different state of the case. He
fears one feature of the provisions of this bill would
conflict with our obligations under an existing trea-
ty—that of donating lands to our citizens. But
what if we do give lands to our citizens? Are they
not our own lands in our own territory. Now here
was one controlling point: either we have territory,
or we have not, in Oregon. If we have, why should
we refrain from donating such portions of it as we
please to our citizens? Why should this bring us
m conflict with Great Britain? This is a position
paramount to all other positions. The senator has
no alternative but to admit or deny that we have
territory in Oregan. If he admits the fact, does he
not place us in a false position to suppose that we
cannot exercise a right over our own territory, with-
out cause of complaint to any power on earth? Is the
mere vague apprehension of such complaint any
reason why Congress should not fulfil its appro-
priate and proper functions? Why may it not do
this in its own sphere, leaving to the other depart-
ment of the government to exercise its functions in
its appropriate sphere? Congress was merely called
upon to exercise its appropriate functions, m rela-
tion to what? To the formation of a territorial
government; and having admitted the fact that we
possess such a territory as Oregon, why cannot we
act in relation to it as we can in relation to our oth-
er Territories, without endangering our foreign rela-
tions? Any decision to the contrary will obviously,
result in this: that it may be half a century before
we exercise our right of ownership over our territo-
ry. To insure this, we have but to wait upon ne-
gotiations and diplomacy as we have been doingfor
the last quarter of a century.
Now, he was ready to admit that, in his anxiety
to put an end to this suspense, he had a further ob-
ject in view than the apparent objects of this bill.
He looked forward to the time when the institutions
of this country are to extend themselves in that di-
rection; and when we shall see the oppressed of oth-
er nations flocking to the shores of Oregon, seeking
for the protection and blessings which those insti-
tutions secure to every one who treads our soil.
Such were the objects he had in view.
If he was correct in supposing that no foreign re-
lations were implicated in this bill, why refer to a
Committee on Foreign Relations? The ehairman of
that committee admits the object he has in view. It
is his purpose to delay it—he wishes to delay it—
wishes to prevent action on it—to frustrate it. But,
if Congress had a duty to perform, he (Mr. Bag-
by) wished it to be performed now. He should
very gladly vote for the motion suggested by the
senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Walker.]
Mr. MOREHEAD said he rose merely for the pur-
pose of correcting the senator from Alabama, [Mr.
Bagev,] if he labored under any impression that he
(Mr. M.) had suggested for a moment that we have
no territory on the other side of the Rocky moun-
tains—no such territory as Oregon. Surely he
must ha\e expressed himself very unintelligibly
to be so u.ider&tood. That was far from being his
oprmon. On the contrary, he had ever entertained
the opinion that we ha\e a tti utory there. He had
eritei lair.cd it and expressed it by vote, that we
ought, at a proper time, to assert our jurisdiction
over that territory- He had differed from the great
mass of his friends upon another question connected
with this subject—and that was, that the mere fur-
nishing of inducements to our citizens to emigrate
there, by holding out the guaranty of future grants
of lands, did iv>t come m conflict with our legislative
duties or national obligations in any degree. He
had sided with the friends of the honorable senator
from Alabama, upon a bill like the present. How,
then, was it possible that he (Mr. M.) should have
come to the conclusion that we have no territory
beyond the Rocky mountains? So far from that,
he believed with the honorable senator from Vir-
