SO
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1846.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
The Public Land Bill—Mr. Chapman.
H. of Reps.
committee, would be cause for Great Britain to take
umbrage? Great Britain is too sensible and too just
to act so foolishly. She is too careful of her own
rights, and of the rights of her own subjects, not to
reapeot the duty of our government to take care of
our national rights, and the rights of our citizens.
While she maintains her claim to her territories,
she respects the claims of other nations with which
she is at peace, to their territories. To take umbrage
at the mere sending of a subject to a committee 
Mr. ARCHER interposed to say, that he had
not maintained that it would give umbrage to Great
Britain. His expression was, that it would be an
indecorum. He did not think Great Britain would
care about it, or, if she did, that it would be shown
by breaking off the negotiation.
Mr. FOSTER. Can she even take so much um-
brage as to do that, while she has a law herself sim-
ilar to this which we now propose? She is too just
for that. He (Mr. P.) could not believe she would
suppose there was anything indecorous in this. But
the senator from Kentucky says, it is provided by
this bill that lands are to be given to our citizens
who emigrate to Oregon. That was a mere ques-
tion of detail, subjeot to the decision of the Senate at
a future stage of the bill. When the bill is returned
from the committee to the Senate, if there is a ma-
jority against that provision, there can be no diffi-
culty whatever in striking it out. He had not heard
a single argument against sending this bill to a com-
mittee for action, and not for suspension. He had
no doubt that, when returned for action, the Senate
will be able not only to protect the interests of the
country, but to maintain the friendly spirit and
good will subsisting between us and Great Britain.
He did not distrust its government; but he did fear
delay and suspension in this matter. He could
not therefore vote for any motion which had for its
purpose the procrastination of action on this bill.
Mr. BREESE had but a word to say on this oc-
casion. It was, that he very much regretted that
the honorable senator who introduced the bill had
abandoned his first intention erf moving its reference
to a select committe. This, he thought, was the
oorrect course.
Now, with regard to action on this subject, we
were told last session not to press the matter then,
as it might prevent negotiation. The same thing
was urged now. He hoped the Senate would con-
sider one or two facts before voting on the pending
question. The present negotiation may not ter-
minate during this session of Congress. It was
more than probable it would not. Now,'should
such be the case, delay will frustrate the object
which the friends of the measure have in view,
which is to perfect the bil as early in the session as
possible, that there may be time to act upon it before
the adjournment of Congress. If this is not done,
another year must elapse before the protection of
our laws can be thrown around our citizens in Ore-
gon. We have valuable citizens there—not less
than four or five thousand of the best blood of the
United States. Others contemplate going there this
season. We are already informed through our In-
dian agencies that serious difficulties prevail between
our citizens and the Indians. Although our settlers
haveadopted the laws of Iowa, they are unable to carry
them into effect and to punish those who take proper-
ty or life. We are informed that valuable lives have
been lost, and that there is no redress. It surely is the
duty of this government to extend its laws to the
protection of its citizens; but it seems to be sup-
posed Great Britain will take offence at this. Gen-
tlemen should recollect that, in 1827, the ministerial
negotiator on the part of Great Britain entertained
our right to extend our jurisdiction and establish
military posts south of the Columbia river. At no
time did the British negotiators make the objections
suggestei here. The only objection they made was
to our establishing a custom-house at the mouth of
the Columbia. They never did object to the exten-
sion of our laws, or the establishment of military
posts in the country. As to the provision making a
grant of lands, and the idea of its interfering with
the negotiation now pending, it seemed to him there
was no weight in the argument that the bill should
go to the Committee on Foreign Relations on that
account, for the Senate was the proper place to have
that decided. That provision of the bill only con-
templated a prospective grant of lands, and its pro-
priety can be judged of by a, select committee
more appropriately than by a Committee on For-
eign Affairs. It really did seem to him that it had
become a reproach to us that we did not long since
extend the shield of our laws to our citizens in Ore-
gon. He trusted that the object avowed by the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations—
of suspending action on the bill—would in itself be
sufficient reason for influencing the Senate not to
support his motion. He hoped the rule would not
be departed from of suffering the bill to go to a com-
mittee of its friends and not to a committee of its
opponents.
Mr. WOODBURY expressed some surprise at
the course this debate had taken, A new issue was
presented in the vote which the Senate were now
required to give. It was whether the bill should be
sent to the Committee on Foreign Relations, under
the design now avowed, there to stop action upon it
while negotiations were pending; or send it to a
select committee to examine and mature it, and con-
tinue such action upon it as might be deemed proper
even during the negotiations. The course proposed
on the other side, for the object meditated, was
most extraordinary. If the design was to stop ac-
tion, why not do it in the usual way, by moving to
lay the bill on the table, or to postpone it to a future
day, or indefinitely.
How untenable, also, are the reasons assigned for
stopping or suspending action? Are the hands of
Congress to be tied up on any legislative matter be-
cause the executive or a foreign power choose to
make it a topic of negotiation? Certainly not. Let
us do our duty, and the executive his; and if any
conflict is likely, as some gentlemen fear, to arise in
the end under a new treaty that may be mnde and
ratified, the whole difficulty would be removed by
the single circumstance, that the treaty being made
and becoming the supreme law of the land, must
prevail wherever inconsistent with any previous
law.
But the senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard]
speaks of a convention already existing between us
and England, by which we have stipulated for a
joint occupation of the Oregon Territory; and hence
an act of Congress, exercising jurisdiction over it,
would violate that convention, and give jost offence
abroad. But the Senate must remember that, how-
ever such a construction may be placed on that con-
vention by senators on the other side, there are no
such words as joint occupation in it; and that some
members on this side, and himself among them, had
formerly insisted, and still did, that the words
which were in the convention as to the country be-
ing free or open to both panics for a given time, le-
lated to its being free and open for trade and hunt-
ing and fishing; and that similar stipulations had
once existed between us and Russia still further
north, and were now in force as to curing fish on the
coast of Labrador. But nobody had believed or
acted as if these stipulations prevented the party
who claimed the right to the soil from exercising
jurisdiction over it, or doing any act not incon-
sistent with a continuance of the privilege to trade
and hunt, during the existence of the convention.
And was it to be tolerated that England, by her
laws or Hudson Bay company, should, notwith-
standing the convention, exercise such jurisdiction?
and that we were to be prevented from doing it, and
were required to behold our people there endanger-
ed or oppressed, and imploring relief and protection
from us, and not lift a hand in their defence? On
the contrary, the true course was to proceed pari
passu, at least, with Great Britain; and a high-
minded nation like her, so far from taking umbrage
at such a course, ought to appreciate it as one de-
manded by equal justice and public honor.
[Mr. Archer here rose to explain.]
Mr. Woodbury added that he did not misunder-
stand that senator. The executive, however, (who
had the peculiar charge of this negotiation,) had
stated expressly in his annual message, that, not-
withstanding its pendency, steps like those in this
bill ought at once to be adopted.
Let the examination of the form and substance of
the bill, then, go to a special committee friendly to
the measure, and who would make progress in it,
rather than to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
with a view to smother it.
If difficult questions of national law, or military
questions, or those connected with the public lands,
should arise, (as some on his left had correctly sug-
gested they all might be involved,) the special com-
mittee could be made useful for them all, by having
the chairmen, or other members, of all those com-
mittees, members of this. The measure would, in
this way, be disposed of as on former occasions,
and would have the aid of its friends to mature it;
while the other course—of suspending any action in
its favor at present—would be the fatal consequence
of sending it to the Committee on Foreign: Rela-
tions, and: would be so unasual a course that he
trusted, when well understood, it could not obtain
the sanction of a majority in this body.
The question on Mr. Archer's motion to refer
the bill to the Committee on Foreign Relations was
then taken by yeas and nays, and resulted—yeas
20, nays 24, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Evans, Foster of Tennessee,
Francis, Huntington, Johnson, Miller, Morehead, Pearce,
Plielps, Rives, Upham, and Woodbridffe—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atlierton, "Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, Buchanan, .Dickinson, Fairfield, Foster
of New York, Hannegan, Haywood, Henderson, linger,
Merrick, Niles, Porter, Semple, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker,
White, and Woodbury—24. ,
So the motion did not prevail.
At Mr. WALKER'S suggestion, Mr. ATCHI-
SON (having introduced the b.il!) moved its refer-
ence to a select committee.
The motion was accordingly put, and carried
without a division.
On motion, it was agreed that the select commit-
tee should consist of five, to be appointed by the
Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. named the following
five gentlemen as the Select Committee: Messrs.
Atchison, chairman; Walker, Rives, Critten-
den, and Allen.
SPEECH OF MR. CHAPMAN,
OF ALABAMA.
In the House of Representatives, January 2, 1845—In
Committee of the Whole, on the bill to graduate
and reduce the price of the public lands to ac-
tual settlers.
Mr. CHAPMAN said that it wns but rarely he
attempted to get the floor, and still more seldom that
he succeeded in getting if. The circumstances un-
der which he found himself now reminded him
forcibly of the old fible of the boy and the wolves;
the boy had cried out, wolf, wolf, so often when
there were no wolves, thai when they did come
his cries were not regarded. Mr. C. said he did not
anticipate a debate on this bill to-day. He had
brought up his notes and documents from day to-day
to submit some views upon this bill, and, having
failed in getting the floor, had so often carried them
home again that he was discouraged, until at last,
when he had the floor, his notes wpre at heme.
With or without notes, Mr. C. said he had no de-
sire to speak on this or any other question if he
could consistently, with his duty, avoid it; in this
case he was compelled by necessity. He came
from a State which felt, perhaps, more than any
other in the confederacy, the evil consequences of
the government persisting in its present land sys-
tem—a system which the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vinton] had eulogized so highly, as one that
could not be improved. Mr. C. thought it could be
improved; and, like all other systems and rules,
ought to be changed when circumstances had altered
so as to show the obvious necessity for a change,
Mr. C. said he lived in that part of the coun-
try where such a change of this iron rule, so long
persisted m by the government, was so imperious-
ly called for that, should he sit silently by on this
occasion, whatever reputation he might have ob-
tained at home for faithfully attending to the inter-
ests of his constituents, he would assuredly lose,
and be considered by them very much at fault.
Mr. C., in speaking on this Lill, and the crying
need for some such measure, spoke from his own
experience—experience he had acquired not only
by his residence in a new State for more than twen-
ty years, but from his having served many years
on the Committee on Public Lands in this tody.
But a gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Causin] had
taken special caie to warn the House that, when
the zealous advocates of the bill all came from that
quarter of the Union in which its provisions were
to take immediate effect, those who represented oth-
er portions of the country ought to look well about
them—they have need to be very cautious. Mr. C.
thought nothing could be more natural than that
those best acquainted with the case should ferel
most interested in it; that those men who saw and
felt the evil effects of the present system should be
the first to speak of them, and the most anxious
to apply the remedy. This was the spirit of the
constitution in the construction of that House. The
representatives from the whole country were
brought into that hall, that, coming as they did -from
all quarters of the Urion3 they might spe&k
