Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Gong 2d Sess
Annexation of Texas—Mr. J. R. Ingersoll.
H. of Reps.
manors and princely estates for succeeding genera-
tions, rather than let them go into the hands of the
cultivator, in small parcels, as provided by this
bill—into the hands of those who, both of choice
and necessity, will improve them, and bring them
into use. The speculator should not be permitted
to "pollute them with his touch;" they should be
made to minister to the comfort of the actual settler,
and to the wealth of the nation, by-their production
and their improvement.
Mr. Chairman, I remarked that this policy of reduc-
ing and graduating the price of the public lands to
actual settler was an old subject, and had always
been tinctured with party politics. It has always
been supported by the democratic party, and op-
posed by the opposition party; and though the
party lines have not been strictly drawn, and as dis-
tinctly marked, on this question as on some others
of a more party character, they have been strongly
enough marked to indicate the party bias for and
against it. Sir, it is to be deplored that frequently
the fate of the most beneficent measures is made to
depend upon our party predilections, instead of be-
ing considered in reference to the public good, and
decided upon their own merits.
We look to our great political revolutions—peace-
able, to be sure, as they all are—to settle and decide
party questions that have long agitated the country.
In the view of the subject, by the expression of the
public will in the election of a chief magistrate, I
had hoped this gieat land question was most clearly
decided, and that now we might confidently expect,
from those opposed to us politically, a relaxation
in their opposition. But m this I fear we are
doomed to disappointment In looking over the
"National Intelligencer" of 31st December, 1844,1 see
a letter of the Hon. H. Clay, dated as late as the
17th December, 1844, in which he employs the fol-
lowing language:
"If the cause of the wings had triumphed, the distribution
of the proceeds of the public lands would have been >se-
curcd, and that great national inheritance would have been
preserved for the benefit of the present and future genera-
tions. I shall be most agreeably disappointed if it is not
w aslcd in a few years, by graduation and other projects of
alienation, leaving no traves of permanent benefit behind "
This manfesto of Mr. Clay may be regarded as
pearly indicative of the course that will be pursued
by all who adhere to his fortunes on the passage of
this bill: opposition and resistance—right or wrong,
opposition.
Mr. Chairman, the above quotation from Mr.
Clay's letter would admit of some curious criti-
cism. It is assumed that if the whig cause had
triumphed, the public lands would be preserved as a
great national inheritance for the present and future
generations; but, as they have not succeeded, a
doubt is intimated that it will be wasted by gradua-
tion and projec'i of alienation. Now, sir, I am in
hopes that the friends of Mr. Clay will not see the
proposition m the light he does; that they will not
think the selling of the public lands to actual set-
tlers, at priccs m proportion to their quality, is a
waste of this great national inheiitance.
I confess, sir, 1 cannot see how graduation will
■waste or depreciatc this great national inheritance,
which, in my opimo.i, in any form it may be dis-
posed of, is to last as long as the "Hoortd sha I stand."
Norcan i see how the whig policy of distribution is
better calculated to preserve it, as a great national
"inheritance" to the present and future generations,
unless it is thought that high prices will prevent it
from being taken by poor people, and settled as
their means of acquiring it may enable them to be-
come its owners. 1 am in hopes, sir, it is not the
policy of any man, or any party in this country, to
hold up the public lands from sale and settlement;
but that they may be deal out to the people, the
real people, the cultivators tof the soil, on principles
of fairness and equality , as an inheritance for them
now and forever, present and future. In the hands
of the people they will be the inheritance of the na-
tion, and the people will be its strength and its glory.
Could a sounder policy be adopted by the nation
than that which would'fix the affections of the people
in the soil of the republic.' The tree that strikes its
roots deepest into the earth, stands up best against
the siorm. It is the owners of the soil you can de-
pend upon in the hour of danger; they will repel in-
vasion or put down revolution; they will feed you
in peace, and defend you in war.
Sir, I must take notice of another argument that
has been pressed into the service of the opposition.
It is this: that a reduction—orgraduation, which they
maintain is the same thing—would reduce the price
of "the lands in the old States, and draw off to the
West the laboring poor, and therefore increase upon
them the wages of labor.
This is the coldest and most heartless argument I
ever heard urged in a legislative hall. I do not know
that it is seriously urged or relied upon by any; but
if it is, I venture to say no man will dare to go home
with it, and go before the people relying upon it;
they dare not say to the masses of their constituents
they would not support this bill because it would
benefit the poor and afford them a better opportunity
of promoting their happiness, because, forsooth,
the wealthy in the old States might lose the labor of
their poor neighbors, or be compelled to give higher
wages for the services of those that remain. I say,
sir, no man would dare to urge this as a reason be-
fore the people; there is something too revolting in
it. It includes the idea that the rich have a proper
ty in the poverty of the people; and in this way
they would assert and maintain it, by withholding
the means of their escape from such oppression. In
old Massachusetts, where the lords of the loom have,
in truth, an indirect property in the poor—where
poverty and numbers are large elements of their
wealth and power—even there it would beanunpop-
ular argument against the passage of the bill.
But, sir, one part of the argument I deny: I defiy
that it would reduce the value of land in the old
States. The impression, if it had any at all, would
be too slight to be felt or perceived. But both these
evils, if either do exist, are too small and too selfish
to be taken into the account—too contracted for the pen
of a statesman. In parts of my oongrersional district—
one county in particular—there is no refuse land. In
that county I suppose there are not 160 acres unsold;
but the people of that county, 1 am sure, are
too liberal, and too magnanimous to oppose a be-
neficent measure of this kind, upon considerations
so narrow and so selfish. It is more than intimated
that the people of the West are anxious to draw oft'
the eastern population. If this is a reason with any,
it is not one with me. Ou&country is populous now.
1 go for the bill upon general principles, believing it
to be right in itself; and if it shall better the condi-
tion of any, I care not where they come from, if
from the uttermost ends of the earth; and if it be
productive of general good, I shall be gratified.
SPEECH OF Mil. J. R. INGERSOLL,
OF PENNSYLVANIA.
In the House of Representatives, January 4, 1845.—
On tiie joint resolutions for the reannexation of
Texas.
The rules prescribing the order of business having
been suspended, the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union for
the purpose of taking into consideration the joint
resolution reported by the Committee on Foreign
Affairs for the annexation of Texas to the United
States.
The question being on the adoption of the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Douglass—
Mr. Rhett said that, if the House was now
about to proceed to vote, he would ask the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Douglass] to suffer the pre-
amble of his resolution to be withdrawn, and let the
sense of the committee be taken on the first number
in the series of resolutions, which simply declared
that Texas should be annexed to the United States.
This would present a test question, and the vote
upon it would show whether or not a majority of
the House was prepared to go for the measure itself.
After the sense of the House had thus been ascer-
tained, he was persuaded it would not be difficult for
them to come to an agreement in regard to the mode.
He hoped the question might not be yet put on any
one specific plan of annexation. Mr. R. might be in
favor of the position taken in this preamble, but he
knew there were other gentlemen strongly opposed
to it. Let them first get at the abstract question;
they could arrange details afterwards. He did not
feel very scrupulous as to the particular means, pro-
vided Texas was got; and have it they would.
Mr. Douglass expressed his assent, and with-
drew the preamble accordingly.
Mr. Joseph R. Ingersoll said that he was not
willing to accede to any such arrangement.
[Mr. Rhett, speaking across: "1 thought that
would bring you out."l
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL said he would not agree
that any silent vote should be taken on the mere ab-
stract question. If the question must be presented
in that form, he would himself now address the
committee. [Cries of "go on," "go on."]
Mr. Ingersoll then proceeded. He said he bad
waited in the hope that a definite plan would have
been as reed on by the friends of the measure, or at
least that some one of them would have risen to ad-
vocate one or another of the various measures which
had been proposed on that side of the House. He
had expected that somebody would at least have
said a word in favor of one of the schemes which
had been suggested, and, according to his ideas of
the course of parliamentary proceedings, such a
course on their part would have been regular, con-
sistent, and courteous. He had waited to hear from
■ the honorable gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Rhett,] or from any one else of those who appear-
ed here m the guise of statesmen and legislators,
something in favor of the mode of accomplishing
this annexation, as well as in behalf ot the abstract
question itself. Within a few short months now
past, the measure was supposed to have been car-
ried out of doors, exactly as the gentleman from
South Carolina desired it should be within. And,
however suitable it might be in a town meeting to
be satisfied by a huzza for Texas, and, as a friend
near him suggested, another huzza for Oregon,
something more, he trusted, would be required,
here.
During the late presidential canvass, banners and
lanterns and handbills were inscribed "Polk and
Dallas," "Texas and Oregon." The promise
drawn from the Hermitage had been too prophetic—
that, with Texas for their watchword, victory was
certain.
The canvass was now over. We have done with
town meetings, and the question had now come into
an assembly of a graver character. It was presented
in the halls of the national legislature; and he wanted
to hear what it was that gentlemen proposed, and
how their proposal was to be carried into effect.
That lone star which had been culminated during
the progress of the campaign, had now passed the
meridian, and it would be looked at with the calm,
and deliberate scrutiny of statesmen and patriots,
if not of philosophers, and not merely with the eyes
of mere party politicians. He must be pardoned
for saying that the people, seduced or misled by
these star-gazing examples, had stumbled into a
position which did not appear to be congenial to all
their sober second thoughts.
One should think they might be contented there
to let the delusion rest, having served its purpose
beyond the most sanguine wishes of his votaries.
At the period adverted to it might answer a special
and short-lived purpose, to forget the great objects
of ^immediate national concern. Protection of them
was not, for the occasion, a duty responsibly assign-
ed perhaps to any body, or, if it were, it was so di-
luted in the mass of voters among whom it was di-
vided that it was notkeenly felt, and was speedily for-
gotten. Accordingly, neither the good of the country,
nor the advancement of any ofks institutions, northe
promotion of its best men, nor the cultivation of a
national spirit, nor the encouragement of domestic
labor and productions, nor the development of in-
bred resources, formed the avowed text-book of the
successful party. Not one nor all of these seemed
to be car®d for. All that they received was, at
the utmost, a passing and unpropitious smile.
Instead of these vital influences, an itinerant desire
was cherished. Not content with familiar objects of
devotion, the hearths and firesides that compose the
domestic altar, and the happiness and honor that ra-
diate from them and cheer them, strange idols were
sought for and worshipped—the Baalim and Ashta-
roth of another age. Not our country, but a foreign
land—not the soil that was defended by the arms and
governed by the wisdom of our fathers, but some
alien to it all—not these United States, but Texas,
was the object of idolatry.
An experiment thus successful, or a habit thus
inveterate, or a war-cry thus bewildering, is not yet
bereft of its charms; and it is renewed here among
the responsible legislators of the land to do again its
office for good or evil: if for good, to put at rest now
and forever a disturbing spirit of blind aggrandize-
ment; if for evil, to throw into this family of more
than confederated sovereignties a firebrand that must
raise a flame that may be extinguished only in
bloodshed. The leading political .journal of the
party had suggested that a resolution of two
lines would accomplish all that the authors of the
resolutions contemplate. *The Globe of the 30th
December furnishes the act, which should read in
these words: "Resolved, (Texas assenting,) That it
be, and it hereby is, re-annexed to the United States,''
