56
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong.. ..2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. J. R. Ingersoll.
H. of Reps.
[Cries of "That's enough, enough; we want nothing
more."]
Mr.- L said, plunging as he did unwillingly at this
moment into the debate, he would proceed to assign,
briefly-of necessity, in the brief space that was al-
lotteS-to-'him, some of the principal objections
whiah-fie entertained to the proposed measure. His
friends around him seemed to think that the short
resolution he had quoted was enough for their pur-
poses. Short as it was, however, it required some-
thing more than the act of a United States Congress.
Its pregnant parenthesis admitted the necessity of
the concurrence of a foreign government. Now,
that concurrence, in whatever shape it might appear,
must be a contract or agreement. Agreements be-
tween independent nations are treaties, and nothing
else. Treaties are made not merely in form but sub-
stance by negotiation and mutual offer, answer, and
equivalent. No compacts between men have so
much of proposal and acceptance and rejection. Ac-
credited representatives of the high contracting par-
ties'meet together, and, differing perhaps widely at
first, they approach by reciprocal concession until
they settle down, through successive protocols, in
absolute concurrence. To send back each propo-
sition or objection for the action of a legislative
body would be to expose the whole arrangement to
delays that would be interminable, and difficulties
not to be overcome. The thing would be impracti-
cable. Were it otherwise, there are objections of a
different character more authoritative and equally
insuperable. Express constitutional provision is.
mafjej for effecting agreements between the United
Stajtis and foreign nations. It can be done in one
way only. Any interference, if effectual, would be
usurpation; if inoperative, would be absurd, and of
course positively fruitless. Treaties can be made
by the President "by and with the advice and con-
sent ofthe Senate," "provided two-thirds of the sen-
ators concur." A joint resolution, to the end and
purpose of a treaty, to provide one side of a nation-
al government, would be to substitute the intrusive
agency of this House, which has by fundamental
law nothing to do with it, and a mere majority of
the Senate, which by the same fundamental law is
ad hoc a nonenity—no more available than a single
individual of that body for two-thirds. The terms
of the constitution are perfectly familiar and intel-
ligible. The treaty-making power, whether wise-
ly or not, is lodged elsewhere. It is so reposed with-
out qualification or reserve. Let the treaty be one
of annexation or reannexation—let it be with dis-
tant nations or those near at hand, it is lodged, in
none of its power, in no part or portion ofthe pos-
sibility of its exercise, with the legislature. It rests
only and exclusively with the executive and a cer-
tain defined proportion of senators. You might as
well undertake to appoint ambassadors, public min-
isters, and consuls, or issue commissions to any of
the wide range of officers who receive their commis-
sions only from the President when duly appointed,
and.you may do so without their having received any
appointment as well as if it were conferred upon
them by the proper authority. If this scheme of
annexation be within the compass of possibility, it
is to be done by treaty only. So the friends of the
measure probably universally believed until a
recent day. Let their own example strengthen
the argument. The agents of Texas were sol-
emnly assured of the succes of a treaty; that course
was adopted without an apparent doubt of its being
the proper and the only one that could be pursued.
It was not until it signally failed that a substitute
was sought in a violation of the constitution. The
difference between acts of Congress and compacts by
treaty is sufficiently plain. Both are a supreme law
of the land; the one with an express, and the other
with an implied qualification—"if made in pursuance
ofthe constitution." But treaties, so far from being
acts of legislation, are made without a reference to
the immediate legislative representatives of the peo-
ple, without whose direct and efficient agency no
act of mere legislation can be performed. All are
•representatives of the people—President, Senate,
and this House. The people, in providing for a due
representation of their sovereignty, have said in the
constitution—which is, as much as any act can be,
the work of their own hands—that, while in the
sovereignty of legislation they will be represented by
this body as a necessary component,part throughout,
in the sovereignty of treaty-making they will ex-
clude this body, and confide to the President and a
large and fixed proportion of the Senate exclusively
their supreme jurisdiction and control. A statute is
the creature of legislation—an act, beginning and
ending with ourselves. A compact with a foreign
power is the act of combined executive and senato-
rial influence, which connects the nation with for-
eign nations, and determines whether, and to what
extent, and with what limitation, that connection
shall prevail. It would not be necessary to pursue
this topic further. To those, however, who choose
to do so, Mr. I. would recommend the very able ar-
gument of Mr. Pinckney of Maryland, made in this
House January 10, 1816, in relation to a commercial
treaty signed at London in the month of July of the
preceding year.
Considering the annexation of another territory
to that which was already possessed by the nation
either as an original act of the present moment or
the carrying out of the proceeding of a former day—
long subsequent, however, to. the early history of
the republic—it was calculated to produce one dis-
astrous influence. If there were a defect more
prominent than any other in the national character
of these United States, it was the very want of na-
tionality. A spirit of common loyalty has not
been as successfully cultivated here as among some
other nations. It would be a calamity to weaken
still further this vital principle. A nation derives
strength as well as pride from the recollection of its
heroic ancestry. It ever looks through the era of
achievement, and glories in the simplicity of the
dawning of its common origin. The symbols of
Roman greatness, the initials of Roman wisdom and
power, of the Senatus popwlus que Romo, continued
through every stage of the republic to adorn her
classic temples, surrounded with the richest wreaths
of victory, along with the images of her infant found-
ers, deriving their first nourishment from a beast of
prey. What has the rock of Plymouth or the set-
tlement of Jamestown—the purity of the pilgrims
or the gallantry of the lover of Pocahontas—to do
with Texas or the Rio del Norte? The very sounds
are strange to Anglo-Saxon ears. Thiough all the
great extent of what may be called our native terri-
tory, fields abound where patriot blood has flowed
whose kindred current is now circling in our veins.
Lexington and Bunker Hill, Yorktown, Eutaw, and
the Cowpens, are fields far distant even from the
Sabine, and will lose their sanctity if the sentiments
they inspire are confounded with those which were,
not without gallantry, maintained at San Jacinte.
The effect of annexation in any shape is at vari-
ance with the constitution. This Union never was
formed either for depredations upon foreign territo-
ry, or for diffusing without limit the privilege of
membership. Mr. i. was no strict constructionist.
He had ever sought to find a life-giving spirit in the
provisions of that instrument which went beyond its
literal phiase. Some of the wholesomest institu-
tions had been derived from a liberal interpretation
of its terms. He should not content himself with
asking the friends of the measuie where they found
a clause to sustain it. He would inquire of them by
what principle of the most enlarged construction, by
what appeal to its spirit as a compact, they could
find rational support' New States, it is true, may
be admitted into the Union. To be admitted, they
must exist in some shape as an integral part. No
power is gnen to create them, or to admit some-
thing else into the Union which is not, on being ad-
mitted^ State, merely because at a future day fur-
ther incubation might inspire it with life. In the
absence of argument, supposed precedent is advert-
ed to. He would have been glad to hear a judicial
argument to support any supposed analogy to the
case of Louisiana. That member of the Union
came in at fhst with no such view as applies to
Texas. It was the result less of choice than neces-
sity. No such moti%es or designs as now exist
found place any where on that occasion. The 2'2d
article of the treaty with Spain of 1795 secured to
the citizens ofthe United States aright to deposite
their merchandise and effects in the (Spanish) port
of New Orleans, and to expoit them thence free of
duty for three years; and a further indefinite con-
tinuance of that right, unless its exercise should
prove prejudicial to Spanish interests; in which
e\ ent Spain would assign to the United States, on
another pait of the banks of the Mississippi, an
equivalent establishment. The 4th article of the
same treaty declared the western boundary line be-
1 veen the United States and the province of Louni-
Eiia to be in the middle of the channel, or bed of the
liver Mississippi, and provided for the free naviga-
tion of that river by both parties. These privileges,
so essential to the prosperous existence of the whole
western country, were threatened with immediate
annihilation. In October, 1802, a Spanish intendant
at New Orleans, by proclamation, closed the port of
New Orleans, without assigning an equivalent es-
tablishment elsewhere. Intense feeling, was excited
throughout the country. What was the river with-
out the place of transhipment from river boats
which then alone could navigate that stream, to veg^
sels fit to navigate the gulf and the ocean?' "What se-
curity remained even for the joint occupation ofthe
river, if a right guarantied by the same treaty was
thus unscrupulously invaded? That fine region
now hastening towards ascendency in the couneils
of the country, already the wonder of- the nation,
and about to become the glory of the world, without
an outlet for its.,rich productions! Hemmed in by
mountains on one side, and tantalized by the neigh-
borhood of the finest streams that ever flowed, of
which it was denied the use, on the other! Millions
of unborn freemen seemed to depend upon relief
from these threatened obs ructions for effectual ex-
istence. The vast valley of the West threat-
ened to become or to remain a wilderness.
Early in 1803 the attention of the Senate waa
earnestly invited to these encroachments. A series
of resolutions was introduced and sustained with
great ability by Mr. Ross, of Pennsylvania. They
asserted an indisputable right in the United States
to free navigation of the river, and a convenient de-
posite for produce and merchandise in the island of
New Orleans; that the late infraction of their unques- -
tionable right was. an aggression hostile to their
honor and interest; that it did not consist with the
dignity or safety of the Union to hold a right so im-
portant by a tenure so uncertain; that it materially
concerned such of the American citizens as dwelt on
the western waters, and was essential to the union,
strength, and prosperity of these States, that they
obtain complete security for the full and peaceful
enjoyment of such their absolute right; that the
President be authorized to take immediate posses-
sion of convenient places for the designated pur-
poses, to call into actual service fifty thousand mili-
tia, if he thought proper, and to employ them, to-
gether with the naval and military force of the Union,
for effei ting the object.
While these intimations were depending, Mr. Jef-
ferson carried out the happy thought of settling the
difficulty by purchasing the whole instead of fight-,
ing for a part. Accordingly negotiations were com-
pleted with the first consul of the French republic,
who had previously effected by the treaty of St.
Udefonso an arrangement in preliminary with
Spain, whereby neithei half nor all of the bed of the
Mississippi, but the extensive country through
which it flowed, became the undivided property of
the United States. That noble stream, its tributary
rivers, and a large extent of territory extending on
the west to the river Sabine, thus became, by con-
vention executed at Paris, the 30th of April, 1803,
ours. The law of necessity did not permit a delib-
erate adjustment to its own requisitions, of the law
of the constitution. No particular character was
given to the appendage thus acquired. Louisiana,
with its rights and appurtenances, was ceded. Its
inhabitants were promised an incorporation at a fu-
tuie day into the Umon, as citizens of the United
States, according to the principles of the federal con-
stitution. An amendment probably was contem-
plated, or a universal assent of all the members of
the confederacy, to so reasonable and necessary an
acquisition, which would conquer the obstacles of a
fundamental law. Without such amendment or as-
sent, the thing would be as irregular as the intro-
duction of new associates into a commercial part-
nership, formed by certain individuals only, with-
out the assent of every one. Certain it is that the
mover of the whole scneme, Mr. Jefferson himself,
believed it to be unconstitutional, mihI so declared,
cautiously indeed, but with as much precision as the.
circumstances would permit. H>* did not stand
alone. At that moment, when nothing out conve-
nience and advantage was produced by it, the fore-
seeing policy of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
then a senator from that State, anticipated a pros-
pective difficulty, and attempted to guard against it.
When the Louisiana treaty was befois the Senate,
that statesman, it is said, suggested in his place the
constitutional impediment as to any legitimate
control over the destinies of that people, and the
manner and the principles on which they could
be admitted into the Union. This was in secret
session, and a formal record of it does not appear.
But it does appear that he twice moved resolutions
with a view to an alteration in the constitution to
meet the stipulations of the convention. A great
present object, was accomplished Whatever .eyiis
