Jan; 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
59'
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas*—Mr. Stetson.
H. of Reps,
States are dishonored and disgraced, if we do not
admit Texas on the obligations of national faith
pledged in the treaty of 1803, which he considers as
effectualnow as when the obligation was contracted.
He admitted, he said, the binding force of a treaty,
and that we should regard them as the supreme law
of the land. He admitted, too, that that treaty con-
tained a provision that the inhabitants of the ceded
territory should be incorporated into this Union,
and admitted, as soon as possible, according to the
principles of the federal constitution, to the enjoy-
ment of all the rights, advantages, and immunities,
of citizens of the United States, and in the mean
time should be protected in the free enjoyment of
their liberty, property, and the religion they pro-
fessed; and he could not see, if the present territory
of Texas was part of the cession, that the treaty
with Spain of 1819, exchanging Texas for Florida,
was not at the time a violation of that stipulation—
especially if any inhabitants then residing in Texas
protested against the latter treaty, and demanded
the performance of the former, feut time and cir-
cumstances could work, and had worked, a great
change. Texas had become a sovereign power,
and, as such, claimed and exercised an independent,
equal, sovereign position among the nations of the
earth, which he freely accorded to her.
So far as the proposition for annexation now be-
fore us is concerned, Texas stood upon that sove-
reign organization; and, instead of demanding or
desiring the performance of that stipulation, had
only reluctantly yielded to treat on the subject of
annexation by a threat or menace addressed to her
by the United States. He alluded to the letter of
the late Mr. Upshur, Secretary of State, to Mr.
Murphy, charge of the United States in Texas,
dated 16th of January, 1844, and marked No. 14 in
the printed correspondence communicated by the
President to the Senate. The first paragraph con-
tains the following:
"You are probablj not aware that a proposition lias been
made to the Texian government for the annexation of that
country to tlie United States. This, 1 leainfrom the Texian
charge, has heen for the present declined
Further along we find the following:
"But this is n®t all. If Texas should tefuse to come into
ourUnion, measures "will instantly be taken to fill her ter-
ritory with emigrants fiom Europe.*'
Again:
u\ think it almost certain that the peace of the civilized
world, the stability of long established institutions, and thf>
destinies ol millions both in Europe and America, hang on
the decision which Texas shall now pronounce. IVhai has
she to hove in this conflict of &t)one;er powers? She xvill Jhid
herself betireen the upper and the ntther mill atones, ground to
yowderin their revolutions."
Sir, (said Mr. S.,) language such as this—putting
the question of annexation on the highest interests
of public policy, and of nations—language, startling
as to the future security of Texas herself, in respect
to the possible course of the United States towards
her, had to be used to obtain the consent now to
treat on the subject of annexation. 1" do not refer
to this correspondence for the purpose of taking ex-
ception to it here, but merely to show that it is not
Texas that is urging the treaty obligation against
us, but we for her. 1 agree fully with the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. BelserJ one of the warmest
and most devoted friends of annexation in this
House, or out of it, that, under all the circumstances,
that stipulation in the treaty of 1803 does not now
bind the United States with the force of treaty obli-
gation. I shall not, therefore, when we get the
preliminary questions out of the way, and come to
the merits, ieel that that treaty is any obstacle to
such terms as one might propose if it had never
been made.
Mr. S. said, unlike the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,] he did not feel any em-
barrassment on the question of the power of this
government to admit new States into this Union
from territory without the ancient limits of the con-
federacy, and thus extend the area of freedom. It
was true, Mr. Jefferson at first doubted the power
of the United States to acquire the territory of .Loui-
siana, saying that "the constitution has made no provi-
sion for our holding foreign territory, still less for incor-
porating foreign nations into our Union.''''—Jeff. Cor-
vol. 3. p• 512.
Again: in his, reply to Wilson Gary Nicholas:
"When I consider that the limits of the United States are
precisely fixed by the treaty of 1763, that the constitution
expressly declares itself to be made for the United States,
3 cannot help believing the iutention was not to permit
Congress to admit into the Union new States which should
not be formed out of the territory for which, and under
whose authority algae, they were then acting."
But it is believed that he subsequently changed
his opinion. We find in the constitution the pro-
vision that "new States may be admitted by the
Congress into this Union," without any limitation
as against foreign territory; unless, as Mr. Jeffer-
son suggests, the provision in the constitution de-
claring itself to be made for the United States, is a
limitation to what was then the United States.
It is shown that in the convention that framed the
constitution, a provision restricting the formation of
new States to territory then within the limits of the
. United States, was rejected; which is very satisfac-
tory evidence that the provision of the constitution
declaring itself to be made for the United States
was not intended to limit the power to admit new
States to the territory within the boundaries de-
scribed in the treaty of 1783.
Undar the articles of confederation also, express
provision was made, "That Canada, acceding
to the confederation, and joining in the measures
of the United States, should be admitted into and
entitled to all the advantages of the Union;" but no
other colony could be admitted unless such admission
was agreed to by nine of the thirteen States.
Mr. S. said he yielded to these arguments, sanc-
tioned as they had been by the repeated practice of
the government.
But (said Mr. S.) here the question arises which
he intended to argue; what is the proper constitu-
tional form of proceeding to acquire the territory
in this instance? To do that, it became very im-
portant to understand, as clearly as we could, the
full meaning and nature of the arrangement that is
here proposed to be made with Texas.
The first proposition introduced is the rejected
treaty itself, copied in so many words. The next is
the substitute proposed by the honorable gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Wellkr;] and the other that offer-
ed by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass.]
The two latter, like the treaty, have in view the same
general object—a bargain with Texas for herself on
terms and stipulations expressed in each, and to be-
come binding when Texas shall give her assent.
To me, each resolution seems to constitute a treaty
in its highest sense. Each seeks to pledge the faith
of this nation to another sovereign nation, that if that
other will drop its sovereign character, and merge
and amalgamate her people with us, our nation shall
and will shield and protect them, and perform the
other terms and stipulations of the contract; and this
pledge of faith is made with Texas as a foreign na-
tion; and in that capacity the supreme authorities ot
that nation are to assent to the bargain. It is very
clear, that, if the rejected treaty reported by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs is still to be regarded as
containing the proper subject matter for a treaty,
the other two resolutions are equally objection-
able. They present only a variation in words, and
none in substance, so far as the point m question is
concerned.
Now, (said Mr. S.,) the second section of the
second article of the constitution, speaking of the
President, giants that "He shall have power, by
and with the advicc and consent of the Senate, to
make treaties, provided two-thirds of the senators
present concur." And the third section of article 3
says: "New States may be admitted by the Con-
gress into this Union." .
It seems to me that the character of the arrange-
ment proposed now to be made with Texas puts
these resolutions exclusively within the treaty-ma-
king power. On the other side, it is said we may,
by act or resolution, acquire this foreign territory as
territory, (without making it a State by the same
act,) as an incidental or minor part of the power in
Congress to admit new States; and this incidental
power may include the power to make a legislative
contract with a foreign nation, such as is now pro-
posed.
Sir, we will examine this, and see which side of
the question has the most precedents, authority and
reason to sustain it.
And first, if it is admitted to be a treaty proper,
that puts an end to this question; for I understand
the learned "gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]
who has just taken his seat, to concede that Con-
gress has no power to make a treaty. And well
may he do so; for, with respect to the power it-
self, as expressed in the constitution, we find
it distinct and full as a substantive power,
without any written limitation. Statesmen, the
judiciary, and commentators on constitutional
law, have concurred in the maxim, that
"the full power to regulate a particular subject im-
plies the whole power3 and leaves no residuum;"
and that "a grant of the whole is incompatible with
the existence of a right in another to any part of it."
I know it is said that the grant to Congress to ad-
mit new States is equally a distinct and unlimited
power, as the treaty power, and' therefore must be
the full power excluding all others; and I confess
that it is so to the extent of the terms of the power
"to admit;" but whether it draws after it the inci-
dental power to make bargains with foreign nations
for new territory, is the very question.
That these resolutions are a proper subject-matter
for the exercise of the treaty-making power, I sup-
pose appears pretty clearly from their intrinsic char-
acter. That it has been heretofore so considered,
we have the whole practice of the government,
and the authority of precedent. Mr. Jeffer-
son at first doubted our power to acquire for-
eign territory at all; but so soon as he brought
his mind to the conclusion that it could or
should be done, he laid hold of the treaty-making
power as the constitutional means of arriving at
the end. He made a treaty with France for Loui-
siana—a treaty of cession. It was called a treaty,
and was understood to be a treaty within the mean-
ing of the practice and usages'of .civilized nations
with each other. Mr. Jefferson did not suggest the
existence of the power in Congress. He appealed
to it for limited aid—for the necessary appropria- •
tions and military power to enable him to carry the
tieaiy into effect, by taking, if necessary, armed
possession of the territory, which is all the force
that can be ascribed to the act of Congress referred
to by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr'. Belser.]
In the acquisition of Florida, Mr. Monroe added
another precedent in favor of the treaty-making
power. The government had taken possession of
the territory under resolution of Congress, but it
was expressly declared that it should be held subject
to negotiation. After arriving at that point, Con-
gress carefully abstained from all action, and
handed the making of the bargain with Spain over
to the treaty-making power. When this admin-
istration entered on the work of reclaiming
the Texian portion of Louisiana, it was by the
use and instrumentality of the treaty-makng
power. A treaty was submitted to the Senate"
for ratification, and was rejected. Had we ever
heard from the friends of annexation that it was not a
treaty proper; but matter only proper for a mere
legislative contract with a foreign nation? Indeed,
have we not lived fifty-seven years under the consti-
tution, without even before having heard it distinctly
avowed by any statesman that the power now con-
tended for by the friends of these resolutions had
been all along slumbering in the constitution, and
could at anytime be waked up under the name ©f
legislative contracts to do the proper work always
before done by treaty?
Sir, that these resolutions contemplate an ar-
rangement with Texas within the treaty-making
power, is also, I think, most abundantly maintained
by Mr. Calhoun, in his able speech, made in this
House, in 1816, on the commercial treaty with
Cheat Britain. Long before the commencement of
this debate, that speech had a large influence in
bringing my mind to the conclusion at which I have
anived. It reads thus:
"He would establish, he trusted, to the satisfaction of the
Houm;, that the tiea.lj-nid.kiug pov, er, when it was legiti'
matrly ei ercisrd, always did that which tnul/l not be done by
law; and that the reasons advanced to prove that the treaty
of peace repealed the act making v. ar, so far from being
peculiar to that ease, apply to all treaties. They do not form
an exception, but m fact constitute the rule. Why, then, he
asked, cannot Congress make peace? They had the power
to declare war. All acknowledged this power. Peace
and war are opposite. They are the positive and neg-
ative terms of the same proposition, and what rule of con-
struction more clear than that, when a power is given to do
an act, the power is also given to repeal it? By what right
do you lepeal taxes, reduce j our army, lay up your navy,
or lepeal anj- law, but by the force of this plain rule of con-
struction' Why cannot Congress, then, repeal the act de-
claring war' He acknowledged, with the gentleman, they
cannot, consistently with reason. The solution of this
question explained the whole difficulty. The reason is
plain: one power may make war; it requires two to
make peece If is a state of mutual amity succeeding hos-
tility; it is a state that cannot be created but by the consent
ot both parties, it required a contract or treaty between
nations at war. Is tins peculiarto a treaty of peace? No,
it is common to all treaties It arises out of their nature,
and not from any incidental circumstance attaching itself
to a particular class. U is no more nor less than that Con>
g> ess cannot Make a conh act with a fo. eign nation
Again:
"Most certainly all grants of power under the constitu-
tion must be coatrolled by the instrument, for, havini? thrir
existence from it, they must of necessity assume that form,
"which the constitution has imposed."
