Jan. 1845
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJS.
28th Cong.....2d Sess.
Smithsonian Institute—Mr* Choate.
Senate,
Sir. Adams, that to found such a university would
consume the whole fund, interest and principal,
almost at once, and reduce you to the alternative of
a signal failure, or of occasional and frequent appli-
cation to the government for aid which could never be
granted. But the senator from Ohio contemplates
no such thing He constructs his college on a far more
moderate model; and of this college of his I am con-
strained to say, that I think it in the actual state of aca-
demical education wholly unnecessary, and in a great
degree useless. Why, sir, there are m the country
more than a hundred colleges; I have seen them es-
timated at one hundred and seventy-three. These
are distributed all over the United States; two are in
this District. They are at the doors of the people.
I suspect that every one of them has a professor for
every department provided for in this bill, except
architecture and domestic science, and agriculture,
and rural economy. In every one, without any
difficulty, that special attention here recommended,
to the application of science "to the ordinary busi-
ness of life," may be, if it is not now secured, if in
the judgment of those who are entrusted with their
management it is thought expedient. Why, sir, I
recollect that navigation was taught in one at least
of our common free district schools of Massachusetts
thirty years ago. I cannot concur with the honor-
able framer of the bill, therefore, that his school is
to "furnish facilities for the acquisition of such
branches of knowledge as are not taught in the
various universities." It will do no such thing. It
will injure those universities, rather, if it has any
effect, by withdrawing from them some portion of
the patronage for which they are all struggling, and
of which so few get a full meal.
Such a school, then, 1 think is scarcely now ne-
cessary. In this city it would be, to say no more,
very far from generally useful. It would lordly ap-
pear to be an instrumentality coming up to the so-
norous promise of "increasing and diffusing knowl-
edge among men." Who would its pupils be? Who
could afford to come all the way to Washington
from the South, West, and North to learn architec-
ture, navigation, and domestic science? Certainly
only the sons of the wealthy, who would hardly
come, if they could, to learn any such branch of
homely knowledge. You might collect some few
students in the District and the borders of the ad ja-
cent States; but for any purpose of wide utility the
school would be no more felt than so much sun-
shine on the poles. Meantime here would be your
professors, their salaries running on, your books,
and apparatus, and edifices, a show of things—a
pretty energetic diffusing of the fund, not much dif-
fusion of knowledge.
I shall venture, then, to move to strike out all
those parts of the bill which indicate the particular
mode in which the bequest is to be applied to the
increase and diffusion of knowledge. I except the
provision for experiments in seeds and plants, on
which I will say a word hereafter. If this motion
prevails the whole question will recur, What shall
we do with the fund?
It has seemed to me that there are two applica-
tions of it which may just now meet with favor.
In the first pla^e, to beg;-: with the least impoit-
ant, I adopt, with some modifications, the sugges-
tion in the bill that lectures be delivered in this city
for two or three months during every session ofCon-
gress. These lectures should be delivered not by
professors permanently fixed here, upon annual sal-
aries, to do nothing in the recess of Congress, or to
do nothing that cannot be as well done at one hun-
dred and My other places, but by gentlemen emi-
nent m science and literature, holding situations else-
where, and coming hither under the stimulations
and with the ambition of a special and conspicuous
retainer. They might be professors of colleges, men
of letters, persons distinguished m the professions,
or otherwise. Names will occur to you all which I
need not mention; and their lectures should be
adapted to their audiences. Who would their audi-
ences be? Members of Congress with their families,
members of the government with theirs, some inhab-
itants of this city, some few strangers who occasion-
ally honor us with visits of curiosity or business.
They would be public men, of mature years and
minds; educated, disciplined to some degree, of lib-
eral curiosity, and appreciation of generous and va-
rious knowledge. Such would be the audience, The
- lectures should be framed accordingly. I do not
think they should be confined to three or four physi-
cal sciences in their applications to the arts of life,
navigation, useful or hurtful insects and animals, the
regulation of rooms, or the smoking of chimneys.
This is knowledge, to be sure; but it is not all
knowledge, nor half of it, nor the best of it. Why
should not such an audience hear something of the
philosophy of history, of classical and of South
American antiquities, of international law, of the
grandeur and decline of states, of the .progress and
eras of fieedom, of ethics, of intellectual philosophy,
of art, taste, and literature in its most comprehensive
and noblest forms? Why should they not^ hear
such lectures as Sir James Macintosh delivered
when a young man to audiences among whom were
Canning, and such as he? Would it not be as in-
structive to hear a first-rate scholar and thinker de-
monstrate out of a chapter of Greek or Italian histo-
ry how dreadful a thing it is for a cluster of young
and fervid democracies to dwell side by side, inde-
pendent and disunited, as it would to hear a chemist
maintain that to raise wheat you must have some
certain proportion of lime in the soil? But the sub-
jects of lectures would of course be adapted to time,
place, and circumstances, and varied with them.
Whatever they should treat of, they would be use-
ful. They would recreate, and refresh, and instruct
you. They would relieve the monotony, and soften
the austerity, and correct all the influences of this
kind of public service.
But, Mr. President, all this is no administration
of the fund; all this ought to cast less than five thou-
sand dollars a year. We could not sustain more
than one lecture in a week, nor that for more than
three months of any session. Here is an accumu-
lated interest ef two hundred thousand dollars; and
here is an annual interest of thirty thousand, of
which thus far 1 have provided for an expenditure
of some five thousand only. What will you do with
the reat?
It is easy to waste this money; it is easy to squan-
der it in jobs, salaries, quackeries; it is easy, even
under the forms of utility, to disperse and dissipate
it in littTe rills and drops, imperceptible to all human
sense, carrying it off by an insensible and ineffect-
ual evaporation. But, sir, I take it that we all earn-
estly desire—I am sure the senator from Ohio does
so—so to dispense it as to make it tell. I am sure
we all desire to see it, instead of being carried off
invisibly and wastefully, embody itself in some
form, some exponent of civilization, permanent, pal-
pable, conspicuous, useful. And to this end it has
seemed to me, upon the most mature reflection, that
we cannot do a safer, surer, more unexceptionable
thing with the income, or with a portion of the in-
come—perhaps twenty thousand dollars a year for a
few years—than to expend it in accumulating n grand
and noble pubhc library—one which, for variety,
extent, and wealth, shall be, and be confessed to be
equal to any now in the world.
I say for a few years. Twenty thousand dollars
a year, for twenty-five years, are five hundred thou-
sand dollars; and five hundred thousand dollars dis-
creetly expended, not by a bibliomaniac, but by a
man of sense ar.d reading, thoroughly instructed in
bibliography, would go far, very far, towards the pur-
chase of nearly as good a library as Europe can boast.
I mean a library of printed books, as distinct from
manuscripts. Of coursc such a sum would not pur-
chase the number of books which some o'd libraries
are reported to contain. It would not, buy the 700,-
000 of the Royal Library at Paris, the largest in the
world; nor the 500,000 or 600,000 of that of Munich,
the largest in Germany; nor the 300,000, 400,000,
or 500,000 of those of Vienna and Sf. Petersburg,
and the Vatican at Rome, and Copenhagen, and the
Bodleian at Oxford. But mere numbers of volumes
afford a very imperfect criterion of \a3ue. Those
old libraries" have been so long m collecting; acci-
dent and donation, which could not be rejected,
have contributed so much to them, a general and in-
discriminate system of accumulation gathers up, ne-
cessarily, so much trash; there so many duplicates
and quadruplicates, and so many books and editions
which become superseded, that mere bulk and mere
original cost must not terrify us. Ponderantur non
mmuraniur. Accordingly the Library of the Uni-
versity at Gottingcn, consisting of perhaps two hun-
dred thousand volumes, but well chosen, selected for
the most part, within, a century, and (o a consider-
able extent by a single great scholar, (Ueync,) is per-
haps to-day as valuable a collection of printed books
as any in the world. Towards the accumulation of
such a library, the expenditure of two-thirds of this
income for a quarter of a century would make, let
me say, a magnificent advance. And such a step
taken, we should never leave the work unfinished;
yet when it should be finished, and your library
should rival anything which civilization has ever
had to show, there would still be the whole princi-
pal of your fund unexpended, yielding its income
forever, for new and varying application for increas-
ing and diffusing knowledge in the world.
[Mr. Choate here read a letter of Professor Tor-
ry, of Burlington, showing at what reduced prices
valuable books may now be purchased.]
I hesitate, from an apprehension of being accused
of entering too far into a kind of dissertation un~
suited to this assembly of men of business, to sug-
gest and press one-half the considerations which
satisfy my mind of the propriety of this mode ot
expenditure. Nobody can aoubt, I think, that it
comes within the terms and spirit of the trust. That
directs us to "increase and diffuse knowledge among
men." And do not the judgments of all the wise—■
does not the experience of all enlightened States—
does not the whole history of civilization, concur to
declare that a various and ample library is one of
the surest, most constant, most permanent, and most
economical instrumentalities to increase and diffuse
knowledge? There it would be—durable as liberty,
durable as the Union; a vast storehouse, a vast
treasury, of all the facts which make up the history
of man and of nature, so far as that history _ has
been written; of all the truths which the inquiries
and experiences of all the races and age« have found
out; of all the opinions that have been promulgated;
of all the emotions, images, sentiments, examples,
of all the richest and most instructive literatures:
the whole past speaking to the present and the fu-
ture; a silent, yet wise and eloquent teacher; dead
yet speaking—not dead! for Milton has told us that
a "good book is not absolutely a dead thing—the
precious life-blood rather of a master spirit; a sea-
soned life of man embalmed and treasured up on
purpose to a life beyond life." Is not that an ad-
mirable instrumentality to increase and diffuse
knowledge among men? It would place within the
reach of our mind, of our thinkers, and investiga-
tors, and scholars, all, or the chief, intellectual and
literary materials, and food and instruments, now
within the reach of the cultivated foreign mind; and
the effect would be to increase the amount of indi-
vidual acquisition, and multiply the number of the
learned. It would raise the standard of our scholar-
ship, improve our style of investigation, and com-
municate an impulse to our educated and to the gen-
eral mind. There is no library now in this country,
I suppose, containing over 50,000 volumes. Many
there are containing less. But, from the nature of
the case, all have the same works; so that I do not
know, that of all the printed books in the world, we
have in this country more than 50,000 different
works. The consequence has been felt and lament-
ed by all our authors and all our scholars. It has
been often said that Gibbon's history could not hare
been written here for want of books. I suppose
that Hallam's Middle Ages, and his introduction to
the literature of Europe could not. Irving's Co-
lumbus was written in Spain. Wheaton's North-
men was prepared to be written in Copenhagen.
See how this inadequate supply operates. An Amer-
ican mind kindles with a subject; it enters on an in-
vestigation with a spirit and with an ability worthy
of the most splendid achievement; goes a little way,
finds that a dozen books, one book, perhaps, is indis-
pensable, which cannot be found this side of Got-
tingen or Oxford; it tires of the pursuit, or abandons
it altogether, or substitutes some shallow conjecture
for a deep and accurate research, and there an end.
Let me refer to a passage or two of the complaints
of studious men on this subject:
"An extensive library, answering to the wants of literary
inen w hu are to use it, is essential to the public and effec-
tnal promotion of learning. In this country the want of
large libraries, is a serious discouragement of superior at-
tainments and accurate researches m almost every walk of
study. TLe time necessary for reading or examining a par'
ticularbook is often consumed in attempts to discover or
obtain it; and frequently, alter every effort, it cannot be
procurer!. We are obliged to give over our inquiries on
subjects where we would arrive at fullness and exactness
m our knowledge, Realise destitute oithe assistance which
the learned, in the same track of study, have furnished, or
to continue ihern under the dih3<I\anto^e of ignorance"re*
spec ting w hat has been done by others Thus we are liable
to be occupied m solving difficulties which ha\e been al-
ready cleared, diseasing questions which have been al-
ready dccjdod, and in mines of literature which
former aires have exhausted. Kverj one who has been in
the way of pursuing any branch of study m our country
beyond* the mere elements, or the polite and popular litera-
ture of the time, know s kow soon the progress is often ar-
rested for want of books. This is not the case merely with
persons of moderate means who are unable to purchase a
library of their own. but it is a w ant felt under the mobt fa-
vorable circumstances.
"It is also of great importance that the library of a uni-
versity should not only be good, but very good, ample, gm-
