64
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d
" ja«.;J8l8.
Smithsonian Institute—Mr. Choate.
Senate.
niflcent; a deposits of the world's knov.'lcdgo. It is a griev-
ous thing to he stopped short in the midst oi an inquiry for
perhaps the very book'that throws most light upon it; and
the progress of learning must be small Indeed among us, so
long as the student must send across the Atlantic at every
turn for the necessary aids to his pursuits. It is not with
us as It is in Europe, where very many large libraries exist
and where what is not contained in one may be found in
another; and the learned are able to aid each other's labors
by, furbishing mutually, as desired, ex racts and references
to such books as may exist at one place and fail at another.
To say nothing of *ur two best libraries being remote from
each other and from many parts of the country, they are
themselves, of course, inadequate. In making one tolerably
complete department expressly chosen for that, and entirely
devoted to it, we might easily comprise the amount of books
m our largest collection. When it is added that the libra-
ries mentioned are miscellaneous, their number of books
small, as the sum total is scattered over all the paitss of
knowledge, and many introduced by separate contributions
without mutual reference to each other, it is obvious that,
comparatively speaking, the best must be extremely defec-
tive n—North American Review, vol. 8, p. 192.
"What public library in this country contains the mate-
rials for an accurate history of any one departmentfof sci-
ence? Take even the most limited, or rather one of the
most recent of all, the science of political economy. Here
our researches are confined to one definite period. We
have no dusty archives to explore, no time-worn manu-
scripts to decipher. The origin of the science is within the
memory of our fathers, and we ourselves have witnessed its
sudden growth and rapid development. Yet how much is
to be done, how many .Authorities to be weighed, how many
different treatises to be analyzed and compared, before we
can venture to say: Here is the history; ior such was the
rise, such the progress, such the changes of opinions, such
the receiv-ed and such the rejected theories of political
economy ! The writers of the first French school, of the
Scotch school, (and, if we wish for history, we must go be-
yond the publication of Adam Smith's great work,) the
Italian, the new French, and the new English schools, all
have not merely a claim upon our attention, but are entitled
to a full and accurate examination. And even then our task
would be incomplete; for liteiary justice would require us
to trace, through the work? of general political writers,
the hints and remarks which have contributed to the prog-
ress of the branch we are studying, by the discovery of
truth or by the exposition of error. If such be the obliga-
tion of the student whose researches are confined to a sub-
ject so new, what must be the necessities of the historian
who attempts to throw light upon those periods, for which
the testimony of printed authorities is to be confronted w ith
that of manuscripts and public documents, and where ig-
norance and prejudice have combined with the more pow-
erful incentives of interest to perplex his path by contra-
dictory statements and conflicting opinions !
"Books are needed, not confined to any single branch, but
embracing the whole range of science and of literature,
which shall supply the means of every specics of research
and inquiry, and which, placed within reach of all, shall
leave idleness no excuse for the lightness of its labors,
and poverty no obstacles which industry may not sur-
mount.
"Whoever reflects, though but for a moment, upon the
numerous branches into m hich modern literature runs, and
remembers that the literary glory of a nation can only be
secured by a certain degree of success m each of them—
whoever considers the immense mass of varied materials,
without which no historical work of importance can be
- composed, or the extensive learning which is required of
even the most gifted genius of an age like ours, and adds to
these considerations the general and undeniable fact that of
those who would gladlly devote themselves to literature,
but a few can ever hope to obtain by their own resources
the command of the works that are essential to the suc-
cessful prosecution of their studies, will be ready to ac-
knowledge that we have, as yet, done but a small pait of
what may be justly claimed from a nation which aspires to
the first rank for the liberality, and politeness, and high
moral tone of its civilization. Late, however, as we are to
begin, scarce anything in this department has been accom-
plished in Europe which might not be done with equal suc-
cess in America. And so numerous and manifest are our
advantages in some important particulais, that a prompt will
and sound judgment in the execution of it might, m the
course of a very few years, render the American student
nearly independent of those vast collections which, in Eu-
rope, have required centuries for their formation. The un-
dertaking. However, in order to be successful, should be a
national one. Without arguing that no State is fully equal
to it, oi that in the bounds of any single State it would not
answer the same purpose, we may be permitted to say that
the enlargement of the library of Congress upon \hoje
broad principles, the application of which to the collodion
of books has become a difficult and important ait, would
reflect an honor upon the country equal to the permanent
advantages which it would secure to every member of the
community."'—North Amencan lieview. < ol. 4-5, 33/.
Yet these writers had access to the best library in
this country.
Now there arc very many among us, and eveiy
day we shall have more, who would feelingly adopt
this language. Place within their reach the helps
thatguide the genius and labor? of Germany and
England, and let the genius and labors of Grrmany
and England look to themselves ! Our learned men
would grow more learned and more able; our studies
deeper and wider; our mind itself exercised and
sharpened; the whole culture of the community
raised and enriched. This is, indeed, to increase
and diffuse knowledge among men.
If the terms of the trust, then, authorize this ex-
penditure, why not make it? Not among the pnn-
cipal, nor yet the least of reasons for doing so, is,
Jbataji the while that you are laying out your wio-
j
ney, and when you have laid it out, you have the
money's worth, the value received, the property
purchased, on hand, to show for itself and to speak
for itself. Suppose the professors provided for in
the bill should gather a little circle of pupils, each of
whom should carry off with him some small quotient
of navigation or horticulture, or rural economy, and
the fund should thus glide away and evaporate in
such insensible, inappreciable appropriations, how
little there would be to testify of it! Whereas here,
all the while, are the books; here is the value; here
is the visible property; here is the oil, and here is
the light. There is something to point to, if you
should be asked to account for it unexpectedly, and
something to point to, if a traveller should taunt
you with the collections which he has seen abroad,
and which gild and recommend the absolutisms of
Vienna or St. Petersburg!).
Another reason, not of the strongesttobe sure,for
this mode of expenditure is, that it creates so few
jobs and sinecures; so little salaried laziness. There
is no room for abuses in it. All that you need is a
plain, spacious, fire-proof building; a librarian and
assistants; an agent to buy your books, and a fire to
sit by. For all the rest, he who wants to read goes
and ministers to himself. It is an application of
money that almost excludes the chances of abuses
altogether.
But the decisive argument is, after all, that it is
an application the most exactly adapted to the actu-
al literary and scientific wants of the States and the
country. I have said that another college is not
needed here, because there are enough now; and
another might do harm as much as good. But that
which is wanted for every college, for the whole
country, for every studious person, is a well-chosen
library, somewhere among us, of three or four hun-
dred thousand books. Where is such a one to be
collected? How is it to be done? Who is to do it?
Of the hundred and fifty colleges, more or less, dis-
tributed over the country, one has a library of per-
haps fifry thousand volumes; others have good ones,
though less; others smaller, and smaller, down to
to scarcely anything. With one voice they unite,
teacher and pupil, with every scholar and thinker, in
proclaiming the want of more. But where are they
to come from? No State is likely to lay a tax to
create a college library, or a city library. No death-
bed gift of the rich can be expected to do it. How,
then, is this one grand want of learning to be relieved?
It can be done by you, and by you only. By
a providential occurrence, it is not only placed with-
in your constitutional power, but it has become your
duty; you have pledged your faith; you have en-
gaged to the dead and living that, without the charge
of one dollar on the people, you, you will meet the
universal and urgent demand by the precise and ad-
equate supply. By such a library as you can col-
lect here something will be done, much will be done,
to help every college, every school, every studious
man, every writer and thinker in the country to just
what is wanted most. Inquirers after truth may
come here and search for it. It will do no harm at
all to pass a few studious weeks among these scenes.
Having pushes their investigations as far as they
may at home, and ascertained just what, and how
much more, of helps they require, let them come
hither and find it. Let them replenish themselves,
and then go back and make distribution among their
pupils: ay, through the thousand channels, and by
the thousand voices of the press, let them make dis-
tribution among the people! Let it be so that—
"Hither a*
liepaumg
;o their fjontainc other j-*ar«
m their gol'Vn ur,is, draw Iijhi •
I have no objection at all—I should rejoice rather
—to see the literary representatives of an instiucted
people come hither, not merely for the larger legis-
lation and jurisprudence, but for the rarer and high-
er knowledge. I am quite wiling, not only that
our "Amphyclioiiic Cuuitc'l" should sit hcie, bui
that it should find itself anions f-orne such scenes
and influences as surrounded that old renov/i.ed as-
sembly; the fountain of purer waters than those of
Oastalia; the temple and the oracle of our Apollo! It
will do good to have your educated men come to
Washington for what ha* heretofore cost voyages
to Germany. They will be of all the parts of
the country. They wdl become acquainted with
each other. They will con tract friendships and mu-
tual regards. They will go away not onlv better
scholars, but better unionists. Some ore has said
that a great library moulds all minds into one repub-
lic. It might, in a sense of which he little dream-
ed, help to keep ours together.
I have intimated, Mr. President, a doubt wbeiher
a college or university of any description, even the
highest, should be at present established here. But
let it be considered by the enlightened friends of
that object, if such there are, that even if your single
purpose were to create such a university, you could
possibly begin in no way so judiciously as by collect-
ing a great library. Useful in the other modes which
I have indicated, to a university it is everything. It
is as needful as the soul to the body. While you
are doubting, then, what to do, what you -will have,
you can do nothing so properly as to begin to be ac-
cumulating the books which you will require on
whatever permanent plan of application you at last
determine.
I do not expect to hear it said in this assembly
that this expenditure for a library will benefit a few
only, not the mass; that it is exclusive, and of the
nature of monopoly. It is to be remembered that
this fund is a gift; that we take it just as it is giver;
and ^that by its terms it must be disbursed here.
Any possible administration of it, therefore, is ex-
posed to the cavil that all cannot directly, and lite-
rally, and equally partake of it. How many and of
what classes of youth from Louisiana, or Illinois, or
New England, for example, can attend the lectures
of your professor of astronomy? But I say it is
a positive and important argument for the mode of
application which I urge, that it is so diffusive.
Think of the large absolute numbers of those who,
in the succession /jf years, will come and partake di*
rectly of these stores of truth and knowledge !
Think of the numbers without number who,
through them, who by them indirectly, will partake
of the same stores ! Studious men will come to
learn to speak and write to and for the growing mil-
lions of a generally educated community. They
will learn that they may communicate. They can-
not hoard if they would, and they would not if they
could. They take in trust to distribute; and every
motive of ambition, of interest, of duty, will compel
them to distribute. They buy in gross, to sell by
retail. The lights which they kindle here will not
be set under a bushel, but will burn on a thousand
hills. No, sir; a rich and public library is no anti-
republican monopoly. Who was the old Egyptian
king that inscribed on his library the words, the dis-
pensary of the soul? You might quite as well in-
scribe on it, armory, and light, and fountain of lib-
erty !
It may possibly be inquired what account I make
of the library of Congress. I answer, that I think
it already quite good and improving; but that its
existence constitutes no sort of argument against the
formation of such a one as I recommend. In the
theory of it, that library is collected merely to furnish
Congress and the government with the means of do-
ing their official business. In its theory it must
be, in some sort, a professional library; and the ex-
penditure we now make—five thousand dollars in a
year, or, as last year, two thousand and five hun-
dred—can never carry it up to the rank and enable
it to fulfil the functions of a truly great and general
public library of science, literature, and art. The
value of books which could be added under the ap-
propriations of the last year, cannot greatly exceed
twenty-two hundred dollars. Doubtless, however,
in the course of forming the two, it would be expe-
dient and inevitable to procure to a great extent dif-
ferent books for each.
I do not tl ink, Mr. President, that I am more in-
clined than another to covet enviously any thing
which the older civilization of Europe possesses
which we do not. I do not suppose that I desire,
nny more than you, or than any of you, to intro-
duce here those vast inequalities of fortune, that
elaborate luxuiy, that fantastic and extreme refine-
ment. liut I acknowledge a pansr of envy and
grief that there should be one drop or one morsel
more of the bread or water of intellectual life tasted
by the European than by the American mind.
Why should not the soul of this count ry'eat as good
food and as much of it as the soul of Europe? "Why
should a German cr an Englishman fut down toare-
past of five hundred thousand boolf^, and an Ame-
rican scholar who loves truth as veil as he le .put
on something less than h^lf allowance11 Can we
not trust ourselves with so much of so^ood a thing?
Will our digestion be impaired by it? Are we afraid
that the stunu'a'.ed and fervid faculties of this young
nation will be oppressed and overlaid? Because we
have liberty which other nations have not, shall we
rt ject the knowledge which they have and which
we have not.* Or will you not rather say, thatj "be-
cause we are free, therefore will w^add tp our "fie?-
