Jm. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE; CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
eft
28th Cong.....2d Sess
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Douglass.
H. of Iteps.
dom that deep learning and that diffused cnlture
which are its grace and its defence?
Mr. Choate then moved certain amendments in
conformity with the views of his speech.
. SPEECH OF MR. DOUGLASS,
of- illinois.
In the House of Representatives, January 6, 1845—In
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on the joint resolutions for the annexation
of Texan.
When Mr. Wintiirop concluded his remarks—
Mr. DOUGLASS next obtained the floor, and
renewed his motion, submitted some days since,
to amend the amendment to the report of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, by substituting the pre-
amble and resolutions heretofore offered by him.
He proceeded to say, that he had listened with
pleasure to the speech of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts on this occasion, as indeed he alwavs
did when that gentleman addressed the House. He
had listened to him to-day, however, with more
than usual interest, with the expectation of hear-
ing a full exposition of all the grounds upon which
the annexation of Texas to the United States was to
be opposed, and was forcibly struck with the extra-
ordinary position which he advanced in regard to the
manner in which the discussion should be conduct-
ed. He has informued us that it is the duty of the
friends of the measure to sustain its constitutionali-
ty, propriety, and expediency, by fair argument;
while its opponents consider themselves under no
obligation to do more than to maintain, in sul-
len silence, the firm resolve of opposition, and inter-
pose a negative to each pioposition. After this an-
nunciation, he proceeds to denounce the project of
annexation as a palpable violation of the constitu-
tion—a subversion of the principles of the federal
Union—the adoption of an unjust foreign war—
an infraction of the laws of nations—and a breach
of the national faith. This is truly a novel mode of
conducting a discussion, and a very convenient one
for those who adopt it. They are to raise objec-
tions, to deal in broad assertions and bold denunci-
ations, without any obligation to sustain them by
facts or arguments. Be it so. It is their privilege
to select their own mode of conducting the opposi-
tion, and I do not complain of them for pursuing
the course indicated, for the reason that! have no
doubt it is the most prudent one they could
adopt.
The friends of annexation are willing to assume
the affirmative, and undertake to demonstrate, by
argument, not only the propriety and expediency
of the measure, and the constitutional power to con-
summate it, but our right to do it in the manner
proposed.
Mr. D. would here notice another remark of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, in relation to the
origin of the Texas question. That gentleman had
been pleased to say that "this odious measure had
been devised for sinister purposes by a Piesident of
the United States not elected by the peopleIf he
has reference to President Tyler as the originator of
the annexation question, I will inform him that he
is doing great injustice to bis friend and colleague,
[Mr. Adams.] While I will not pluck from the
trow of Mr. Tyler, or General Jackson, or of ally
other distinguished advocate of annexation, any of
the lauie'3 they hare won by their zeal in behalf of
the measure, 1 cannot permit such palpable injustice
to the venerable gentleman from Massachusetts as
to allow the origin of the movement to be traced to
any other individual. It will be recollected that, in
3825, Mr. Aiums (then President of the United
States) directed his Sectetary of State (Mr. Clay)
to instruct our minister at Mexico to open negotia-
tions for the immediate reannexation of Texas to
the United States; whereupon Mr. Clay immediate-
ly wrote his despatch to Mr. Poinsett, which I now
hold in my hand, informing! him of the* wishes of the
President in regard to the annexation of Texas,
and instructing him to use his best efforts to secure
the reunion of that country to this. I commend this
letter especially to the friends of Messrs. Adams
and Clay, as a clear exposition of the great
and numerous advantages this country would deriva
from the annexation of Texas. Again, in 1827, Mb,
Adams had the subject so much at heart, and was sa
anxious to secure an acquisition that would ret!cot
so much credit upon his administration, and confer
such benefits upon his country, renewed hts instruc-
ijon? to h.M Secretory, and JVjj-, Clay wrote another
( fi )
letter amplifying upon his former one, and directing
our minister to offer a large amount of money in or-
der to get Texas into the Union again. These ef-
forts were considered among the proudest acts of
that administration, and, if successful, would have
been considered profitable investments-in the capital
stock of the next presidential campaign. • Bht un-
fortunately they were unsuccessful, and that-admin-
istration was deprived of the glory of the achieve-
ment, although it received due credit for its Zealand
repeated efforts to accomplish so great a good for the
country. It may not be amiss tofremark, also, that,
at the time these efforts to regain Texas were made,
Mexico and Texas were both revolting colonies to
the kingdom of Spain, and that a fierce and
cruel war was then actually raging between
(he revolting colonies and the mother country,
for independence on the one side and subjection on
the other. If it will not be deemed unkind, I would
like to inquire of the friends of Messrs. Adams and
Clay on this floor, whether a treaty annexing Texas
to this country, made at that time with the revolting
colonies, while they were engaged in actual war
with the mother country, would have been con-
sidered the adoption of an unjust and unconstitu-
tional war—whether it would have been deemed
a palpable violation of the laws of nations—of treaty
stipulations, and of national honor? I submit this
question in all kindness and sincerity to those gen-
tlemen who now think that we have no right to an-
nex Texas, without the consent of Mexico. If
there is any difference in the two cases, it is in favor
of Texas, inasmuch as Mexico has no troops sta-
tioned in Texas, and has had none for the last nine
years; whereas Spain had about six thousand troops
m Mexico at the time Messrs. Adams and Clay
were carrying on their negotiations for the annexa-
tion of Texas.
But I am digressing from the thread of my re-
marks. I was attempting to show that the Texas
question was not a new one—that it did not origi-
nate with Mr. Tyler—and that it had for a long
time engrossed the attention of the American peo-
ple and government. By the fiat of the people,
Gen. Jackson and Mr. Van Ruren succeeded to the
places of Messrs. Adams and Clay. One of the
first acts of the new administration was to re-open
negotiations for the annexation of Texas. By
order of the President, Mr. Van Buren ad-
dressed a long despatch to Mr. Poinsett,
in which he set forth the paiamount importance of
the measure as connected with the national defence,
and natural boundaries of the country; the exten-
sion of our territory, commerce, trade, and political
power; in short, all those weighty considerations
showing that the acquisition would be a great na-
tional blessing. This letter of Mr. Van Buren was
an admirable one, and 1 would commend its perusal
again to hi3 friends as well as his opponents, believ-
ing it would exert a very salutary influence, fie
instructed Mr. Poinsett to use his best endeavors to
secure Texas, and dnected him to give five millions
of dollars for it, if necessary. Failing this time, the
effort was renewed by Gen. Jackson and Mr. Liv-
ingston, his Secretary, in 1833, and again by Mr.
Forsyth in 1835, which was the last effort, in conse-
quencc of the revolution in Texas.
1 have thus sketched briefly the history of our
diplomacy upon this subject, for the purpose of cor-
recting the statement of the gentleman fiom Massa-
chusetts, that "this odious question was devised for
sinister purposes by a President of the United States
not elected by the people," and of doing justice to
his colleague, Mr. Adams, and the others I have
named, who were the real originators of the project.
It is ungenerous m that gentleman to deprive his
ollea^ue of the credit which is his due, in originat-
ing this great measure. But it now occurs to me
that perhaps I have misappiehended him, [Mr.
Winthrop.] He may have referred to his col-
eagrue, [Mr. Adams,] and probably did, when he
said that "this odious question was devised for sin-
ister purposes by a President of the United States
NOT elected by the PEOPLE." If the allusion was
to his colleague, it was a very unkind one. To
designate it as an "odious question devised for sinister
purposes," and in that connection to taunt his colleague
with not having been elected President by the people,
is rather too great a liberty, I would think, for even
one friend to take with another. If, on the contrary,
he did-not refer to his colleague, his statement is not
sustained by the facts, as the official documents
which 1 have just quoted abundantly prove.
The gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Win-
throp,] unci lus friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr- h
R. Ingersoll,] seem to doubt whether the boundary
of the United States, under the treaty of 1803, ever
extended farther west than the Sabine, and the line
agreed upon" by the treaty with Spain in 1819. I
trust that I will be able to reynove these doubts, and
satisfy them, by authority which they will be the
last to impeach, that our territory under the treaty
of 1803 not only extended to the Sabine,, but ac-
tually reached the Rio del Norte. I could, cite in
support of this position a "great variety of official
documents and other proofs, but will content myself
with relying upon the testimony of a witness whose
learning, accuracy, and veracity they will not ques-
tion. I allude to the venerable gentleman fromrMas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Joiin Q,itincy Adams,] and his va-
rious official letters and notes to the representatives
of the Spanish government, while he was Secretary
of State under Mr. Monroe, and especially to the
letter dated March 12,1818, which I have in the large
volume before me. Upon this authority I rely to
establish the Rio del Norte as the western boundary
of Louisiana, and consequently the western bound-
ary line of the United States, under the treaty of
1803. The first settlements ever made in the
country bordering on the Gulf of Mexico, between
the Sabine and the Rio del Norte, were established
by La Salle, on the bay of St. Bernard, near
the Colorado, in 1685, under the authority of Louis
XIV, King of France. These, settlements, together
with those on the Mississippi and the Illinois,
formed the basis of the original French
colony of Louisiana, which continued under
the jurisdiction of the crown of Franco until 1762,
when it was ceded and transferred to the King
ofSpain. The Spanish government held the col-
ony of Louisiana, and exercised jurisdiction over it
by virtue of the cession fiom France until the year
1800, wlr-n it was retroceded to France by the trea-
ty of St. Udefonso. France held the colony under
the latter treaty until 1803, when she ceicd it to the
United States by what is usually called the Louis-
iana treaty. It is true that, in the treaty of 1762,
by which Louisiana was ceded to Spain, no bound-
aries were designated; and • in the treaty of retro-
cession in 1800, no other boundaries were specified
t an the general description that it included the
colony of Louisiana, and "with tht same extent it
had when in the hands of France." The desciiption
in the treaty of' 1803, ceding the same country to
the United Sutes, was in these terms: "with the
same extent (following the treaty of St. Udefonso)
that it now has in the hands of Spain, and that it
had when France possessed it, a.id such as it ought
to be after the treaties subsequently entered into be-
tween Spain and other states." From these trea-
ties and facts it is clear that the United States ac-
quired all the country situate within the limits of
the original French colony of Louisiana. I have
not only the authority of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] in the correspondence re-
ferred to, but a vast variety of documentary proof,
collected by lim, for saying that France always
claimed the Rio del Norte as the western boundary
of Louisiana, while it belonged to her. I have al?o
the same authority for saying that there is reason to
believe that Spain regarded the same river as the
boundary while Louisiana belonged to her uoder
the cession from France. In support of this opin-
ion, among many other evidences, the gentleman
fiom Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] referred to a
S anish geographical work of high authority,
and also to a map by Lopez, geogra-
pher to the King of Spain, in both of which
the Rio Del Norte is delineated as the western
boundary of Louisiana as ceded to Spain. Thus
we find (unless that distinguished gentlemen has
mi&led us on this point) that France and Spain re-
garded the Rio Del Norte as the boundary during
the periods they held the country respectively.
That the United States always regarded our title as
perfect under the treaty of 1803, as far west as the
Rio Del Norte, there can be no question, until Tex-
as was ceded to Spain by the unfortunate treaty of
1819. When discussing this point in 1805, Messrs-
Monroe and Pinckney on the part of the United
States said to the Spanish government that "the
facts and principles which justify this conclusion are
so satisfactory to this.gnvernment as to convince it
that the United States have not a better right to the
Island of New Orleans, under the cession referred to,
than they have to the whole district of territory
thus described." Tn 1816, Mr. Monroe (Secretary
of State under Mr. Madison) in his letter to the
Chevalier de Onis, said "with respect to the west-
cm boundary of Louisfena, ilwcto renwrk, mi
