66
28th Cong 2d Sess.
this government has Meyer doubted, since the treaty
of 1803, that it extended to the Rio Bravo." In
1818 Mr. Adams' (Secretary of State under Mr.
Monroe) after reviewing all the facts and proofs on
both sides relating to the western boundary of
Louisiana, and quoting the statements I have just
read, used this language: "well -might Messrs.
Pjnel^ney and Monroe write to Mr. Cevalloss in
1806, that the claim of the United States to the
boundary of the Rio Bravo was as clear ' as their
right to the Island of New Orleans."
I could go on and multiply proof upon proof, and
authority upon authority to the same point; but it
is unnecessary. I presume I have produced enough
to remove the doubts from the minds of the gentle-
men from Massachusetts and Pennsylvania, and to
satisfy them that the Rio Bravo Del Norte, and not
the Sabine, was the western boundary of the Unitsd
States under the treaty of 1803. I now pass to the
consideration of another grand discovery which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. R. Inger-
soll] has made and disclosed to the House in re-
gard to that boundary. After the most extensive
research and laborious investigation, he has discov-
ered that the Sabine was made the boundary line of
the United States in 1812, by the act of Congress ad-
mitting the State of Louisiana into the Union, and
not by the treaty of 1819, as many persons have er-
roneously supposed. He has brought this startling,
astounding fact before the House with an air of tri-
- umph, and pronounced it a complete vindication of
the conduct of his friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Adams] against the unjust charge of having surren-
dered Texas to Spain in the negotiation of that trea-
ty. Although relying implicitly at all times on any
fact stated by that gentleman, my curiosity could
not possibly be restrained from peeping into that
wondeiful act of Congress, which not only admitted
a new State into the Union, but, in addition, estab-
lished a boundary line between two foreign nations.
It occurred to me that if the gentleman was correct
in his facts, he had furnished a case in which Con
giess had, by a legislative act, made a contract be
• tween two foreign nations establishing a boundary,
which he would eall a treaty, and thereby annihila-
ted another part of his own argument, which was
tiiat Congress did not possess the constitutional pow-
er to make any contract whatevef with a foreign na-
tion. It also occurred to me that if that act made
the Sabine the western boundary of the United
States, merely because il designated that river as the
boundary line of the State of Louisiana, by the
same course of reasoning it would make the north-
ern boundary of that State the boundary line of the
United States also, and thus eject Arkansas, Mis-
souri, Iowa, and Nebraska, as well as Texas, fiom
the Union. A kind regard for my friends in that
region induced me to look into that singular act of
Congress; and here it is:
"Whereas, the representatives of all that part of the terri-
tory or country ceded, under the name of'Louisiana,'by
the treaty made at Paris, oil the 30th day of Apul, one thou
sand eight hundred and three, between the United States and
France, nmtained within the following limits, that is to say:
beginning at the mouth of the Sabine; thence by a line
drawn along the middle of said river," &.c.
Going on to describe the boundaries of the Slate
of Louisiana, and admitting it into the Union. Not
one word about the boundary of the United States,
nor the most remote allusion to it. On the contrary,
it expressly states that it includes only a part of the
country purchased of France, contained within cer-
tain limits, and of course leaves the residue to be
organized into Territories and States, when, and in
such manner, as Congress should direct. So it for-
tunately turns out that Arkansas, Missouri, Iowa
and Nebraska are still in the Union, and that Tex-
as would have been but for the fatal treaty of 1819.
Inasmuch, then, as the Rio del Norte was the
western boundary of Louisiana, and Texas was in-
cluded in the cession of 1803, all the inhabitants of
that country were, by the terms of the treaty, natu-
ralized and adopted as citizens of the United States;
and all who migrated there between 1803 and 1819
-.vent under the shield of the constitution and laws
of the United States, and with the guaranty that
they should be forever protected by them. That
treaty not only ccded the territory to the United
States aad adopted the inhabitants as citizens, but
contained tlyj following clause, the stipulations of
which are in the nature of articles of compact be-
tween France, the United States and the inhabitants
of the ceded territory, and were necessarily irrevoca-
ble, except by common consent, to wit:
"The inhabitants of the ceded territory shall be incorpora-
ted lata the timos of the United st&tw, and admitted as soon
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
  Annexation of Texas—Mr. Douglass.
Jan :184S.
as possible, according to the principles of the federal con-
stitution, to the enjoyment of all the rights, advantages and
immunities ot citizens of the United States; and, in' the
mean time, shall be protected in the free enjoyment of thei?
liberty, property, and the religion which they profess."
To the fulfilment and observance of each and all
of these stipulations the sacred faith and honor of
this nation were solemnly and irrevocably pledged
Yet m direct violation of each one of them, Texas,
including all its territory and inhabitants, was, by
the treaty of 1819, ceded to Spain, the faith of the
nation was broken, and its honor tarnished. The
American republic was severed, and a part of its
territory joined to a foreign kingdom. American
citizens were transformed into the subjects of a for-
e^n despotism. Native-born citizens were deprived
or their dearest and proudest inheritance—those
gJorious institutions which their fathers had pur-
chased bytheirblood and transmitted to their children
unimpaired; and the adopted citizens were stripped
of those rights for the enjoyment of which they had
received in pledge the honor of the republic. What
plea can we urge in behalf of our country, not in
justification, but in palliation of the enormity of
these acts? It has been said that the possession of
r lorida was essential to our peace and security as a
nation, and that it was thought best to exchange
Texas for it, and give a few millions of dollars to
boot. Admit it. But this explanation does not ful-
fil the treaty—does not preserve our faith—redeem
our honor, lexas did not voluntarily assent to the
separation ; nay, she protested agaiHst it, promptly,
solemnly, arid in a spirit that becomes men who,
knowing their rights, were determined to maintain
them. I hold in my hand the protest and declara-
tion of independence by the supreme council of
Texas, in June, 1819, only a few months after the
signing of the treaty. The whole document will
be found in the library, opea to the inspection of all
who may desire to see it. 1 will therefore detain
the House only while I read a short extract:
H. of Heps.
'The recent treaty between Spam and tlie United States
of America has dissipated an illusion too long fondly cher-
ished, and has roused the citizens of Texas from the torpor
into which a fancied security had lulled them. They have
seen themselves, by a convention to which they ueieno
P rty,abandoned 10 dominion oi the crown of Spain
and left a" prey not only t° impositions already mtuhnable'
but to ail those exactions Mlucli Spanish rapacity is capa-
ble ol devising. The citizens of Texas would have proved
tJicmsclve,s unworthy of the dge m which thev live—uu-
worthy of their oncestry f>f the kindred republics of the
American comment—could they have hesitated in this
emergency as to what course to yuoue. Spurning the fet-
ters of colonial vassalage—disdaining to submit to "the most
atrocious despotism that ever disgraced the annals of Eu-
rope—-they have resolved, under the blessing of God, to be
FREK."
Yes, on that day, under the blessing of God,
they resolved to be FREE; and most nobly have
they maintained that righteous resolve, first against
the despotism of Spain, and then the tyranny of
Mexico, until, on the plains of San Jacinto, victory
established their independence, and made them free.
Having achieved their independence by the same
means, and secured it by the same title as our fath-
ers of the revolution, they have assumed their place
among the nations of the earth, and now call upon
us to redeem our pledge of honor, and receive them
into the Union, according to the stipulations of the
treaty of 1803. How can we refuse tins request?
1 repeat the question emphatically, What right
have we to refuse' Does not the treaty guaranty
their admission? Does not the constitution declare
that treaty to be the supreme law of the land? And
is not every member on this floor sworn to support
that constitution' How, then, can we avoid the ob-
ligation? Our opponents tell us that, having
sold Texas, and received what, at the time, was con-
sidered a fair equivalent, we have lost our claim
and forfeited our right to that country. I admit that
we have parted with our right—lost it forever, and
are estopped from ever leasaei ting it. I make the
admission to the fullest extent, and in the deepest
humiliation. But we have no right to set up our
own wrong as an excuse for refusing to do justice
to Texas. A breach of faith on our pait does not
absolve us from the moral or legal obligation to ful-
fil our solemn treaty stipulations, when required by
the other party. We have no right to claim Texas,
but l exas has a right to claim—to demand admis-
lnS, Umon in pursuance of the treaty of
, Ihe opponents of annexation can discourse
eloquently and feelingly upon the sanctity of treaty
stipulations and the sacred observance of national
faith, when there is an outstanding bond in the hands
of some banker for the payment of a small "pittance
of money; but when human rights, the rights of
person and property—of religious freedom—lite
glorious privileges of American citizenship, m all
involved in the guaranty, the doctrine of^epudia-
tion loses its horrors and its infamy; and dwindles
into miserable:insignificance in their estimation.
When a nation violates her faith, aod repudiates
her contracts, she is on the downward" road to deg-
radation and rum, as inevitably'as the Individual
who first becomes a gambler, and then turns high-
wayman. , - &
_ Without' dwelling upon the numerous advantages
that would attend the annexation of Texas, in stim-
. ulatmg the industry of the whole country; in open-
ing new markets for the manufactures of the North
and^East; in the extension of commerce and nav-
igation; in bringing the waters of Red river the
Arkansas and other streams flowing into the Mis-
sissippi, entirely with our territorial limits; in the
augmentation of political power; in securing safer
and more natural boundaries, and avoiding the dan-
ger of collisions with foreign powers—without
dwelling upon these and other considerations, ap-
pealing to our interests and pride as a people and a
nation, it is sufficient argument with me that our
honor and violated faith require the immediate re-
annexation of Texas to the Union.
While he entertained these view<s, (said Mr. D. )
and anxious as he was for their speedy consumma-
tion, he fully agreed with gentlemen on the other
side, that, if Texas was annexed, (as he firmly be-
lieved it would be,) it must be done in accordance
with the principles of the constitution. The gentls-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrof] has
taken high ground upon this subjeet, and denied the
existence of the constitutional power in this govern-
ment to annex foreign territory, or to extend its ju-
risdiction by any means whatever beyond its origin-
al limits. He has defined his position fairly, and
assumed it with a boldness that exhibits his confi-
dence in its correctness. He has gone farther, and
confined himselt strictly witlun the line lie ni&i'lfecl
out for himself and friends in his opening remarks.
He raised the question—suggested the difficulty 
placed the block in our way, and left us to remove
it, and clear the path for those who shall fallow us.
He does not consider it incumbent upon lirm to sus-
tain the objection; it was sufficient for him to make
it. Well, I am not sure but what this was the
more prudent course. The little foretaste that tfcat
gentleman and his political associates had in the
discussioa of this annexation question before' the
people throughout the length and breadth of the
confederacy, during the late presidential campaign,
has taught them a lesson 'which they seem disposed
to profit by. 1 hey have learned wisdom from ex-
perience, and are not to b  caught again in a full dis-
cussion of this question, m all its bearings, before the
country. Never was an issue presented to the Ameri-
can people more directly and distinctly, and never was
the enlightened judgment of the nation pronounced
more emphatically in approbation of any measure
then in th© late election in favor of the annexation
of Texas. It was the watchword—U e war cry—the
rallying point of one party, and the target at which
the missiles and thunderbolts of the other were
mamly_ directed. It was the main point of attack
and defence, and in a great degree controlled the re-
sult of the contest. The victorious 'party come into
power Hpon this more than any other issue, and is
committed by every principle of honor and duty—
by its promises, piofessions, and pledges, faithfully
to execute the will of the people in this respect. The
President elect stands erect upon this question, ready
to carry the verdict of the people into effect,- and we
will prove faithless, and deserve to ' he condemned
and repudiated by an honest and indignant people,
it we fail to practice after election what we professed
before. But while our duty in-this respect is plain,
and immediate action is required, it must be done
with a scrupulous regard, not only to the prin-
ciples, but the forms of the constitution. It becomes
our duty, therefore, to examine fairly the constitu-
tional difficulty which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts has attempted to thrust m our way. 1 "will
call his attention, and that of the House, not only to
the constitution and the proceedings of the conven-
tion by which it was formed, but to the articles of
confederation, in order to trace the history of the
provision providing for the admission of new States.
During the revolutionary war there was a general
desire that Canada should make common cause with
the thirteen original States, and be received into the
Union.
Hence a provision was in«orporated 'into the ar-
ticles of confederation, that Canada might be admit-
ted as of right- apou acceding twUie ferm of
