Dec. 1844
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
Railroad Iron—Mr. Payne.   
P
H. of Reps.
cost of manufacturing any given article, results
from the difference in the price of labor. What is
that- difference' Ten per cent., all told.
Now, sir, the 15 per cent., paid in the form ofin-
_ surance, freight, and commissions for forwarding
"goods from Europe to America, would more than
counterbalance this difference in the value of labor
in Europe and America, and would place the for-
eign and'domestic. manufacturer upon an equal foot-
ing, and leave them equal competitors for the mar-
ket of the world. But no one proposes to do this;
we are willing to give them all the advantages a
revenue duty, added to the cost of transportation,
affords. Waiving, however, this view of the sub-
ject, I desire to put one question to the peculiar
guardians of the manufacturing interest upon this
floor. It is this: What amount of the entire prod-
ucts of manufacturer is paid for manual labor alone?
Is it 15 per cent.? is it 25 per cent.? No; we know
it is not.
We have already seen, that a duty of 20 per
cent, affords 35 per cent, protection to the manu-
facturer. If, thea, he does not pay 35 per cent., over
one-third of the entire product of his establishment,
for manvel labor alone, he gets his labor free; it is
paid for by the duty. Is it ntit then a little remarka-
ble that, with cheaper material, provisions and fuel,
equal skill and machinery, the interest upon
money about the same in bath countries, and labor
paid for by the duty free to the American manu-
facturers, he cannot yet compete successfully with
the European manufacturer?
Sir, it is idle to say that he cannot, with these
advantages bestowed by nature upon the American
manufacturer, necessarily increased as they must be
by the fiscal action of this government. He can
manufacture cheaper than the English or European
manufacturer, and undersell him in his own
market.
It is then obvious that the democratic party, in
sustaining a tariff for revenue, must secure ample
incidental protection to the manufacturing interests
of the country. The tariff bill of 1842 is not neces-
sary to the honest and fair piosperityof the manu-
facturer; why then should it be continued? Is it just
to tax the fanner or planter—the product of whose
labor is now sunk to the lowest possible price—$31 09
upon every sj100 00 worth of goods consumed by
him, when it is not needed for the support of gov-
ernment? Is it just to tax him, whose capital does
not net four per cent, per annum, for the benefit of
the manufacturer, whose capital is netting him 25
and 30 per cent, at this moment?
Sir, it is wicked, cruel injustice, come from what
quarter it may. But wc are told, this is "necessuiy
to protect the industry of the laboring man." That is
the phrase sir—to protect the industry of the laboring
man. I have long since been disgusted at this demi-
goguical cant, and it shall now be my province to tear
the veil of duplicity from the shoulders of the politi-
cal hypocrite who uigos this as a reason why the
tariff bill of 18-12 should not be modified.
Sir, instead of "protecting the industry of the la-
boring man," the tariff bill of 1842 plunders him of
his hard-earned industry. Take the tailor as an ex-
ample. I select him, not because I cannot find a
stronger case among the honest mechanics of the
country, but because it is most convenient to do so
in the present instance. The duty upon ready-
made clothing is 50 per cent ; and doubtless the
tailor thinks that this duty affords him ample pro-
tection. Does he not know that forty percent, of
this duty is laid upon the cloth out of which the
clothes are made; and, therefore, protects the manu-
facturer of cloth, and not him? Deduct the forty per
cent, upon cloth from the fifty per cent, upon ready-
made clothing, and Un per cent, is all the protec-
tion afforded the labor of the tailor by the tariff bill
of 1842.
To state the case: suppose A, the merchant, im-
ports ready-made do hmg, worth - - §1,000
Duty imposed by government at 50 per cent., 500
Cost in our market - 1,500
Suppose B, the tailor, imports cloth
worth - - $1,000
Duty imposed by government at 40
p r cent. - 400 
Cost in our market - $1400
Difference - 100
which is ail the protection afforded the labor of the
tailor.
Now, sir, the average rate of duty imposed by the
tariff bill of 1842 is 40 per cent. Suppose the tailor
in his family consume dutiable goods worth „
the tax paid by him under this abominable bill is
$400. Suppose he manufacture clothing, the ma-
king of which is worth $1,000: the protection which
he receives upon his labor being 10 per cent., would
amount to $100; deduct this $100 received by the
tailor in the form of protection to his labor from the.
$400 tax paid by him upon his consumption, and
do you not perceive he is plundered of $300 by the
operation of this bill, which, we are deceptiouely told,
is designed "to protect the industry of the laboring
man?" Take the shoe and boot-maker, (I mean the
man who works at the last,) and make the same cal-
culation; and you will find that he is robbed of $310
by the operation of this bill. Take the blacksmith,
who labors day after day amid the smoke and dust
of his shop: what protection does the bill of 1842 af-
ford him? Except upon chains, if I am not mistaken,
he is not protected one solitary cent. The tariff bill
of 1842 imposes a duty of 120 per cent, on "iron in
bolts or bars, manufactured in part or in whole."
This is ample protection to the manufacturer of
iron; but if it affords protection to the blacksmith, I
should like to be informed how it is effected.
The gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Kenne-
dy,] in the debate upon Mr. McKay's bill at
the last session of Congress, threatened us with
the "Cyclopean thunders from a thousand anvils,"
which would be awakened should the tariff bill of 1842
be touched. If, indeed, the common blacksmith is
the advocate of that "bill," he is but the instrument
of his own ruin in the hands of more designing, but
less scrupulous men. And so it is with every other
mechanic throughout the country.
Sir, there is another class of laborers whom it is
pretended this bill peculiarly benefits; and that it was
to protect their industry it was passed—I mean the
operatives in the factories. If the tariff bill of 1842
was designed to benefit the operatives, why was not
a section inserted in the bill guarding their interest?
Why not require the manufacturer to increase the
wages of his operatives in proportion to the increase
of duty? Are not those laborers American citizens?
and, although poor and powerless, as much entitled
to the fostering care of government as these more
wealthy, but, I have no doubt, less honest and vir-
tuous employers' If those laborers are entitled to suf-
ficient consideration to have required the passage of
this bill, why did it not protect them from the ra-
pacity of their employers' The answer to this ques-
tion is obvious. The bill was designed to benefit the
capitalist, the employer, and not the laborer. The
bill practically carries out the Websterian doctrine:
"Let the government take care of the rich, and the
rich will take care of the poor." This is practically
the doctrine of the advocates of the tariff bill of
1842.
Sir, if my remarks should ever meet the eye of
the operative in any one of those manufacturing es-
tablishments, 1 ask him to compare the wages he
receives now with the wages he received before
the passage of the tariff bill of 1842; and if they
have not been increased, in proportion to the increase
of duty, instead of being benefited he is plundered,
in company with the rest of his fellow-ciluens, by
that bill, because he pays the same tax upon his
consumption they do. Every device interest can
suggest, or monopoly command, will be resorted to,
to convince him that he is benefited by it; but, I re-
peat, unless there has been an actual increase of
wages he is the victim, and not the recipient of its
bounty. Have the wages of the operatives been
increased by the passage of the bill of 1842? All my
information convinces me that no such increase of
wages has taken place. It is, therefore, clear that no
class of laborers throughout this vast country, how-
ever trivial or important, have escaped the iniquitous
plunder of this system.
Who, then, have been benefited by the passage
of that bill? Tile capitalists: they are the men who
have been benefited by it. As in the case of the
"laboring man," I shall illustrate that fact by exam-
ple. I take a manufacturer of woollen goods. The
average rate of duty upon that article is 40 per cent.
Suppose this manufacturer has in his employment
two hundred hands, or operatives, which produce,
per annum, $500 per hand; the aggregate products
for the year would be $100,000. Upon this aggregate
he receives, under the bill of 1842, 40 per cent pro-
tection; which amounts to the enormous sum of
forty thousand dollars per annum.
But this- manufacturer is a consumer also; and,
like other consumers, pays a tax upon his consump-
tion. Suppose lie consume, in dutiable goods, five
thousand dollars per annum. Upon this he pays a
tax of 40 per cent., which amounts to two thousand
dollars. Deduct this two thousand dollars of tax
from the forty thousand dollars protection afforded
him by the bill of 1842, and it leaves thirty-eight
thousand - dollars net profit to the manufacturer, re-
sulting from the protection afforded by that bill.
Why this inequality in the effect of the tariff bill
of 1842 upon the interest of the "lab'oring man," as
compared with the capitalist? It results from the
relative inequality of consumption and production. _
In the example of the tailor, already noticed, it
will be remembered that his consumption equalled
his production; upon the former he pays a tax of 40
per cent., and upon the latter receives protection of
10 per cent, only; consequently, he is plundered of
thirty per cent of his labor. But in the example of
the manufacturer it is different. He produces m one
year as much as he consumes in twenty years. The
tax upon his consumption, and the protection to his
labor, is equal; he therefore necessarily re-
ceives twenty times as much money, in the form
of protection, as he pays in the form of tax.
Hence it follows that 38 per cent, is added to the
capital of the manufacturer by the bill of 1842;
making a difference in favor of the capitalist, and
against the laboring man, of 68 per cent.; and yet
we are impudently told that that bill protects the
"industry" of the latter.
I propose to offer one more fact, showing the
hypocrisy of the pretension that the tariff bill of
1842 protects the "industry" of the laboring man,
and I shall quit this branch of the subject. Look
at the tax which that bill imposes upon his tools.
Upon hatter's and tailor's irons it is 55 per cent;
on sadirons, 55 per cent.; on anvils, 30 to 65 per
cent.; on hammers, 30 to 65 percent.; saws, 65 per
cent.; on axes, adzes, plane irons, chisels, drawing-
knives, scythes, spades, shovels, &c., 30 per cent.
Now, sir, what tax does that bill impose upon
statues, statuary, busts of marble or bronze, paint-
ings, medals, gems, gewgaws, &c.? They are duty
free. These are articles of taste and fashion, used
to decorate the parlors of the capitalist, which pay
not one cent of tax. But the anvil, hammer, plane
irons, saw3, scythes, &c.—the tools of the "labor-
ing man"—the implements by which he earns bread
for his family, and the useful and real ornaments of
his household,—are taxed heavily by the bill of
1842; and yet, 1 repeat, we are impudently told that
this bill protects the industry ofthe "laboring man."
Sir, I am'disgusted at the duplicity of that argu-
ment in favor of the continuance of the tariff bill of
1842; and I pray God the day is not distant when
those who use it will receive that etmtempt and pub-
lic execration which hypocrisy so justly merits,
either in public or private life.
I have another decided objeetion to the tariff of
of 1842; it discriminates odiously between classes,
by imposing a much higher rate of duty upon ar-
ticles of necessity, used by the poorer classes of the
people, than it does upon articles of taste and luxu-
ry, consumed by the wealthy. To demonstrate this
fact, I have prepared a table embracing twenty-
eight articles; fourteen of which, are articles of ne-
cessity, consumed by the poor and middle classes,
the remaining fourteen are articles of taste and
luxuiy, consumed by the most wealthy classes of
people. I call the attention of the House to a re-
capitulation of those articles.
Articles of necessity consumed by the middle and poorer
classes of soeiety.
Per cen
Cheap ingrain carpets   99
Flannels 100
Bobinet laces .20
Domestic cotton cotton goods and calicoes... 160
Women s' leather boots and shoes 40
Clothing ready made 50
Cordage (bale rope) 188
Cotton bagging   70
Iron in bars or bolts 120
Trace chains 175
Vessels of cast iron .....90
Pound pins 59
All articles of moulded glass 380
Brown sugar 120
Average rate of tax upon articles of necessity.. 1
tides of taste and luxury consumed by the
ivcalthy classes of society.
Per cent.
Finest wilton carpets 34
Linens ft,... .25
Thread laccs  15
Silk goods     42
