Jan. 1845.
APPEKMX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Tescas—Mr. Sample.
u. of Reps.
it is the hideous offspring of a stolen embrace, be-
tween southern whigery and New-England federal-
ism: it was conceived in' iniquity and born in sin,
and now remains upon your statute-book the re-
corded evidence of your legislative prostitution. It
is the debased prototype of the English system of
taxation, which is thus described by the Edinburgh
Review. This is the picture:
'•Taxes upon t-very article which enters into the mouth,
or covers the back, or id placed under the toot. Taxes upon
everything which it is pleasant to see, hear, feel, smell, or
taste. Taxes upon warmth, hghi, anil locomotion. Taxes
on everything ou earth, and the waters under the earth; on
fvcrything that comes from abroad, of is grown at home.
Taxes oa the raw material; taxes on every fresh value that
is added to it by the industry of man. Taxes on the sauce
which pampers a man's appetite, an.d the dtug which re-
stores him to health; on the ermine which decorates the
judge, and the rope which hangs the criminal; on the brass
naits of the collin, and the ribands of the bride. At bed or
board, levant or coujhaitt, we must pay. The schoolboy
whips his taxed top, the beardless yoiunmanages his taxed
hor«e, w ith his taxed bridle, on a taxed road. The dying
Englishman pours his mudicijir, which has paid 7 per'cen-
tum, into a spoon thatpays 15 per centum: riings himself
back upon his chiptz bed, which has pesid '-22 per centum;
makes his will on an S.v> stamp, and expires m the arms of
an apothecary, who has paid a licensc of £100 for the privi-
lege of putting him to death. His whole property is then
taxed lrom'2 to 10 per centum. Besides the probate, large
fecs> are demanded for biirj ing him in the chancel. His
virtues are handed down to posterity on taxed marble,
and he is then gathered to hss fathers, to be taxed no
more."
This is the character of the bill, enormity, in-
iquity, injustice, and oppression. This being the
case, its condemnation is insured; but, if not, what
are to be the consequences upon the country? The
same that were produced in England. The same
causes produce Uke'effects everywhere. Unlimited
wealth and extreme poverty are the inevitable result
of this system of bounties and oppression. Of the
wealth of the privileged classes in England. I need
not speak. You know all about them. But to
show the condition of the laborers in that proud and
powerful nation, allow me to read a short cxtract
from an article published in Bronson's Review, and
attributed to the pen of Judge Carlton, of Louisiana,
when on a visit to England, and examining into the
condition of the laborers of that country. This is
rhe extract:
"t entered a third cabin. Here the green earth smiled
again, as did the modest furve and glossy holly that felt not
the approach <>t u inter. The flooi u ns much like the first
Near the middle sat the mother, peeling potatoes, which she
threw into a pot at hei side, hull tilled with water. I intro-
duced mj sell on every such occasion, by saying that I came
fiom bejondtlio seas, ami wjs>hed to inform my counti} men
how the laborers li\ed m Mnglini.-1 Sixpence (nought forth
willing answers, which I put without stmt. How many
children have you' 'Kight.' What did they iced upon this
morning' 'Potatoes.' \Vhnt will you gnu them for din
ner'> 'These potatoes you see me peeling " Nothing else?
'No! nothing el*e " Have yon no meat, no milk, no buttei
lor them/ She made no repl\, hxed her ej e upon them,
and sobbed oloud. lint horcountenance <?oon biightcned into
a smile, and^he said with a clear voice, 'Thank < od, salt
is cheap ' But her jey was a transient lieam;lor her ejes
again overflowed as she showed me her eldest daughter,
fourteen years of age, whom she made ns< to her leet. Iler
tattered garments scarcelv concealed lier sex. it left herbaie
to the knees behind, while it dangled to the ground in front.
Sho blushed deeply, (for w ant had not oxtingiwphed the mod-
esty of nataro.) as the motherdiew aside the i si gs that cov-
ered her snow) skin. 'These, said she,'arc all the clothes
my child has;sheean't go to school in them, Stc.
"Iu the corner ofth'e chimney was an old man, sitting on
his haunches, putting faggots to the hre intended to boil
the patataes. Who is that' ' Et is old Mr. ; he has no
home, and w e kt him *tuy with us ' He was eighty yeais
of age, and partook with the children his portion of the pota-
toes and salt.
"Can your husband read* 'Me can iead the easy pant of
the Bible.' 'Can j ou read-'' *No, 1 never went to
School.'
"Howraanv apartments are there in your house"*' 'Two,
one below and another above.' 'May I go up stairs''
She was evidently unwilling; my guide gave me a dis-
couraging look, I persevered, and ascended a dirty, rickety
flight oi steps to a chamber, where the whole family slept;
near a narrow broken window stood a wooden frame on
four legs, on which weas laid transverse laths that sup-
ported a bed of oat-chaff, sowed up m a dirty tattered sack,
over which was spiead a coarse, woollen fheet almost black,
upon w hich lay two pillow of straw, and a thick striped
coverlet worn into holes. Another sack of chaff lay on the
floorin a coiner, over which was stretched a sort of blanket
torn lo rags. Here slept all the children, except the two
youngest, who lay with their parents The fate of the old
man at night was not made known to me, nor did I in-
quire.
"The furniture of the apartment below consisted of a
stool, on which the mother <al. a box occupied as a seat by
the eldest daughter; two broken chairs, unsafe for either
my guide or m j self, fourteen or fifteen, articles of crockery
of fractured plates, sauceis and cups; a tea-pot, two or three
small iron vessels lor cooking, and ajhroad table, sustained
by diagonal bars fastened with nsiR On the wall, under a
bioken piece of plate glass, hung a white napkin, fringed
at the bottom, the only testimonial ofneatness that poverty
£euld afford The whole chattel estate, including the ap-
parel of man, wife and children, could not be sold for ten
dollars.
"All communications from lord to tenant are received
with the most degrading servility. The poor man is half
annihilated, with cap in hand, body bent, and down-cast
eyes, he articulates unceasingly, my lord; no-, my lord; yes,
my lord; your lordship—with an awe due to divinity rather
than man "
This, sir, is the condition to which the protective
policy in England has reduced the English laborer;
and to the same condition of degradation and misery
shall we be reduced, if this iniquitous policy is
continued in America. It is not to be the work of
an hour or of a day. No; it will require years of
misrule and oppression. Of our money you now
daily plunder us; but thank God! the spirit of Amer-
ican freedom still burns brightly upon the altar of
liberty; and let me tell you, not in boast, nor as a
threat, but in calm sincerity, before I would see my
children, my neighbor' schildren, or my countrymen,
reduced to the degraded condition of the British
laboier, I would invoke the aid of one million of
swords to leap from their scabbards, and drink deep
the blood of the oppressor. Sir, are we to submit
calmly to a policy which will eventually reduce us to
that helpless condition? No, sir, submission is not
to be thought of; it is not to be contemplated for one
moment. What are our remedies? First, thcjState
veto; secondly, State legislation. I am not for an
immediate application of either of those remedies;
we expect relief from a returning sense of justice.
The people have decided against a continuance of
the protective policy by the election of Gov. Polk
over Mr. Clay; and we expect their representatives
to perform the duty assigned them. But if we are
doomed to disappointment in tins reasonable ex-
pectation, we shall then take justice m our own hands,
and apply the remedy—not a State veto, but by a
fair exercise of constitutional power by the States
opposed to this policy. Let me tell the ad-
vocates of the protective policy, they are not
so sccure as they deem themselves. We
feel that, like the children of Israel, we have
escaped the dangers of captivity, and are now
standing upon the summit of Mount Pisgah, in full
view of the promised land. We offer you a duty of
30 per cent, if found necessary for revenue; and all
of the incidental protection it affords. If you reject
(hat, then wo will force you down to the lowest
point at which sufficient revenue for the support of
government can be collected. How is this to be
done? Each State opposed to the tariff biil of 1842
will take up that bill, and tax the sales within their
own limits, of each domestic article sought to be pro-
tected, higher than the tariff bill of 38452 taxes simi-
lar articles from abroad. By this means the foreign
will be cheaper than the domestic article; and, as a ne-
cessary consequence, will be consumed in preference.
When this is done, forced upon us by your avaiice
and folly, you will have lost the market of every
State opposed to the protective policy; and then, in-
terest (the only argument to which you are sensible)
will suggest the necessity of a recovery of the mar-
ket, at the expense of a reduction of the duty. But
we deprecate the necessity which may force us to
carry into execution this remedy for our wrongs.
Had you not better do us justice (it is all we ask)
than to forcc upon us the adoption of either of these
remedies? Modify the tariff bill of 1842; bring it
down to a revenue standard; do that, and agricul-
ture, commerce, manufactures, and all the great in
terests of the country, will prosper and flourish; hap-
piness and contentment will again pervade the land;
the country will again teem with plenty and univer-
sal prosperity. Do but this simple act of justice to
the majority of the American people, and "philoso-
phy will again rise in the sky of your Franklin, and
patriotism rekindle at the urn of your Washington."
SPEECH OF MR. SAMPLE,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Rep'esentatives, January 10, 1845—On
the joint resolutions for the annexation of Texas
to the United States.
Mr. SAMPLE said he considered it as very
doubtful whether he should be able to present any-
thing new, either on the question of the constitu-
tionality or expediency of the proposed annexation;
but having had the fortune (whether good or bad,
he knew not) to get the floor, he now gave noticc to
all other gentlemen who were so anxious to follow
him, that, as he labored under indisposition, it was
highly probable he should not occupy the entire
hour allowed him by the rule.
This question was new—new so far as regarded
the power of the House to acquire foreign territory.
For his own part, he denied utterly that the mere
legislative power -of the government, as exercised by
the two Houses, was competent to incorporate foi-
eign territory into'the American Union. Mr. S.
and those associated with him in opposing the
measure, had waited to hear an argument proving
the power of the national legislature over this sub-
ject; but they had heard no argument. They had,
indeed, heard the advocates of the plan, or some of
them, declare that have Texas they would, at any
rate and by any means. What sort of argument
this was, he should not say.
The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass,] in
order to avoid the argument, had cited the constitu-
tional power of Congress to admit new States, and
insisted that Congress had the power to acquire ter-
ritory as incidental to that power. Now, Mr. S.
considered in this matter that the power to admit terri-
tory was the main question; because, when the territo-
ry was once admitted, the admission of new States
would follow as a matter of course, under the pow-
er contained and expressed in the constitution; be-
cause, as he should presently show, it was presup-
posed in the convention called for the formation of
the constitution that we had the territory out of ,
which to make the new States then contemplated.
The gentleman from Illinois contended that the pow-
er to raise and support armies and navies, and to pay
the debts of the United States, included the power to
provide all nccessary means to do this as incidental to
the granted power. This was very true; but those
means must themselves be obtained in conformity with
the constitution. The gentleman might as well have
said that, the nation being in debt, it was the right and
duty of the House to provide means to pay the debt;
and, as an incidental power to provide the means,
Congress would have the right to authorize an
armed force to take out of the banks or the coffers
of individuals as much money as would effect the
object. The gentleman would not contend for this;
because the means used would be unlawful: then so
m this case, the power to acquire new territory by
Congress was not incidental to the power to admit
new States, because it was unknown to the Consti-
tution. The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Bel-
ser] reminded the House of the Virginia resolutions
of 1798 as a just exposition of democratic doctrine.
To this statement Mr. S. fully assented; and the
Virginia doctrine was, that powers not granted by
the constitution to the Congress could not be exer-
cised by it. And he then asked where was the pow-
er in the constitution to acquit e foreign territory?
Another gentleman [Mr. Weller] had told the
House that this power appertained to Congress as
an incident of sovereignty. Mr. S. freely admitted
that it was an attribute of sovereignty to acquire ter-
ritory. We might acquire it by discovery, by con-
quest, or by treaty; but the powers granted by the
constitution were by it distributed among different
departments of government, each of which acts ex-
clusively in its own sphere. And this power of ac-
quiring territory belonged, not to the legislative de-
partment of the government, but was confided to the
treaty-making power.
The powers of the government had been distrib-
uted by the people to their appropriate depositaries:
the executive to the President; the judiciary to the
courts; the legislative to Congress; and the treaty-
making power to the President and Senate. The
powers of the Congress were pointed out in the
constitution, and were purely legislative; they con-
sisted m providing for the public defence, for the
public welfare, for the punishment of offences, &c.,
and were strictly confined to our domestic polity.
Congress had power to declaie war, but it could not
make a treaty of peace. It was a rule and a prac-
tice of the laws of nations, as ancient as nations
themselves, that all intercourse between different
powers was carried on through their respective ex-
ecutives—that all engagements, contracts, compacts,
and cessions were made by the treaty-making pow-
er; and there was no peculiarity in the form of our
government requiring us to depart from this estab-
lished rule; but, on the contrary, the convention,
acting with a direct view to this usage, had commit-
ted the treaty-making power to the President and
Senate, and not to the Congress. The peaceable ac-
quisition of foreign territory was a matter of con-
tract with the nation ceding it to us, and it must of
necessity be acquired by the treaty-making power:
be exercised exclusively by the President and Sen-
ate, and not by the legislative power of the govern-
ment. In our intercourse with foreign nations, the
treaty-mak'ing power alone represented the sover-
eignty of the nation, while the legislative power was
