Jail. 1846.
28xh Cong 2d S.ess.
appendix to the congressional globe.
-Mr. Sample.
Annexation of Texas—
H. of Repa.
terms were embodied in the treaty of 1819. No
cession of territory was, by this treaty, made to
Spain. The tieaty was never so designed. When
cession was really meant, as in the ease of Florida,
t ie express words of cession were used, whereby
Spain relinguished her sovereignty over that terri-
tory to the United States. But in regard to Louis-
iana no such expressions were inserted, but terms
were employed resembling those of a quit-claim in-
tended to bind tille. We made such a quit-claim;
we received such an one; we consumated such a
bargain. Yet now, on a mere after-thought, and
because we should like the territory, we were asked
to seize it, arid call the act reannexfttion. Such a
proceeding was not honest, nor honorable, nor just;
and Mr. S. had been heartily glad to hear such an
idea disclaimed by the gentleman from _ Alabama,
[Mr. Belsf.r,] and the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglass.]
What would be the effect of this measure on our
foreign relations? Mr. S. contended that the posi-
tion of the United States in relation to the rest of
this continent would be safer without Texas than
with it. Let the subjcct be put in a military or a
commercial point of view, or considered under any
other aspect, still Mr. S. was clearly of the opinion
that Texas was a greater protection to us as she
now stood than if she wss ours. Invasion by the
British through Texas to New Orleans has been
held up in tcrrorem, as raw-head and bloody-bones
to frighten us into annexation. But should Texas
remain independent, as Mr. S. trusted in God she
would, and should ever unite, by an alliance with a
power which was often spoken of as our natural
enemy, how was she to invade us? AVould the
British land an army on the Gulf coast, and march
four hundred miles across the country to the banks
of the Arkansas river, and then make their way
down that stream' How many of them would ever
reach New Orleans? No; they would never at-
tempt such a thing; and he thought Texas was a
better barrier to our territory as sae now stood.
Sho is peopled by our people, and uninterrupted
peace may be confidently expected to subsist be-
tween the "two countries; and, in the event of a war
between us and any of the great powers of the
world, invasion could not be apprehended through
and by the Texas territory; for, by the law of na-
tions, no power could lawfully pass through her ter-
ritory while she is at peace with us, for the purpose
of invading ours.
But MiCS. had another reason why he opposed
this measure. He did so, that he might keep in
check that spirit of national aggrandisement and of
propngandism which was every day manifesting
itself here. Had it not been openly proclaimed by
a gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Bei.ser] that it
would not be long before the banner of this nation
would float in all the pride of triumph over the
palaces of the Montezumas. Wliat! Had this
country caught the spiritof conquest? If so, it had
reached its meridian. Our true policy was peace.
The same temptations winch now led us to Texas
would lead us on to Mexico Sir, true religion and
freedom can never be propagated by the sword.
The one is not of God, nor the other ot true liberty.
Our true policy is to cultivate the arts of peace, not
of war. We have, since our organization as a gov-
ernment, prospered beyond any precedent in history.
By pursuing our former straight-forward honest pol-
icy we willDcontinue to prosper; but if we forsake
that policy, and betake ourselves to the acquisition
of dominion by aggsession and conquest, a spnit
will gradually and permanontly infuse itself into our
people and institutions which will inevitably end 111
military despotism.
The cry to-day was that we must ami« Texas,
in order to extend the area of freedom. i ■ ; and
there was another area to be extended. We were
to extend the area of freedom by enlarging the
boundaries of slavery. There was no other neces-
sity for the acquisition of Texas, nor could any
other be pretended, but to giatify a policy by which
here, in the nineteenth eentuiy, a nation bor.st-
ino1 itself to be the freest upon the earth, was to-
e^Send, perpetuate, and strengthen the institution of
slavery. In saying this, Mr S. did not speak at ran-
dom. Now, as long as the institution of slavery
was regarded as a domestic one, and was confined
exclusively to the States where it now existed, Mr.
S. had nothing to do with it. The subject did not
belong to the free States. He was prepared, and so
were they, to stand by the guaranties and compro-
mises of the constitution, with all the disadvantages
of the latter to the free States. Should the slave States
be invaded from abroad, or should an insurrection
arise within their own borders, Mr. S. stood ready
and felt himself bound to aid in repelling the enemy,
and in restoring domestic order. He loved the con-
stitution, and was willing to' abide by it as it was;
but when he was called upon, either as a member of
that House or as a private citizen, to go further, he
should aet differently. That the question of slave-
ry, as here presented, was a political question, there
could be no doubt. The nation had been told by
the Secretary of State, m his letter to the British
minister, that it is a "political institution." The
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C. J. Inger-
soll,] speaking as chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and speaking nodoubt ex cathe-
dra, told the House that this was a southern ques-
tion—a boundary question—a slave question; and
the House had been told by the gentleman from
Ohio over the way, [Mr. Weller,] that if there
was no other reason in favor of this measure than
that it would strengthen and sustain the institution
of slavery, he would give it his vote.
Mr. S. said that then any remarks which he
might make in regard to the question of slavery
would in his opinion be germain to the subject under
consideration. Par be it from him to speak a word
or throw out an idea which should be productive of
excitement; for one, he was heartily sorry that the
subject was involved in or was necessary to be ad-
verted to at all as a part of this proposition. But
what man, who had eyes and ears, must not know
that such was the fact? The gentleman from Alaba-
ma [Mr. Belser] had told the House that the
slavery question need not be agitated on this occa-
sion, because the free States had a clear majority on
that floor. That the sceptre had departed from the
South, and that he never expected that it would be
regained. We had a majority in this House, and
no doubt would retain it here even if Texas be an-
nexed. The march of empire was westward, and
the sceptre of power was every day passing into
their grasp. They had a majority here, and were
likely to have a still larger one; but would that be
the case in the Senate if this project was consumma-
ted? There the States were represented not on the
ratio of population, but on the principle of their sov-
ereignty; and, as sovereigns were equal, all the
States were there equally represented. But confin-
ing their view to the Senate alone, he would call
the attention of gentlemen to what would be the po-
sition of the free States should this measure prevail.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Douglass] had
inserted a proviso in his proposition (which was
now before them in t$se shape of an amendment to
the resolutions brought into the House by the Com-
mittee ou Foreign Affairs) whereby shu ery was to
be confined in the Territory of Texas south of 36i°
of north latitude. This proposition had gone to the
world, and to the uninitiated it bore with it the sem-
blance of fairness. But let gentlemen examine it.
The Texians claimed that their territory extended
from the Gulf of Mexico m the 26th degiee of north
latitude north to the 42d degree. The dividing line
between the slave and free territory proposed by the
gentleman from Illinois would give 5j degiees of
terntoryon the north out of which to form free
States.
Mr. S. said he desired to call the attention of gen-
tlemen to the si/.e and formation of this northern
free territory, as exhibited to us by the map of
Texas, which had been prepared expressly for this
occasion and placed upon our tables, and upon which
they might rely as being accurate. This free terri-
tory had a width of five degrees of longitude on the
south, extending from the western boundary of the
United States to the Rio del Norte. This width is
maintained north from one and one-half degree of
latitude, until the eastern line struck the Arkansa-s
river; the territory was then cui>fined for some con-
siderable distance between the Rio del Norte and the
Arkansas, varying in width from probably fifty to
eighty miles, and terminated at the forty-second de-
gree of latitude: the whole area comprising some
fifty-five, or possibly sixty thousand square miles,
the greater part of which was repiesented upon the
map as a mountainous legion. His calculation
might not be perfectly accurate; but, according to
his estimate, it did not contain over thirty thous-
and square miles of arable land, and this was to be
the whole "area of freedom," not more than terri-
tory sufficient for one good-sized State; while on the
south we were to have some two hundred and thirty
thousand square miles of slave territory; being equal
to four such States as Illinois, and over six times as
large as Indiana. Nor did the matter stop here.
There was now on the table a bill, reported by the
Committee on the Territories, for the admission of
Iowa and Florida as States into the Union. The
limits of Iowa, as presented by her convention, ex-
ceeded sixty thousand square miles, and, as he was
informed by a gentleman of the Committee on the
Territories, who has given the subject his attention,
exceeded the limits of all New York, and nearly
half of Pennsylvania; extending," too, from the Mis-
sissippi to the Missouri rivers from east to west, and
north to the St. Peters, thereby preventing the con-
venient formation of a State west of her on the
Missouri, and north of her on the Mississippi. Iowa,
when admitted, would -be a free State, and would
be the first "one formed out of the Louisiana pur-
chase. Now, let gentlemen look at the proposition
for the admission of Florida, which was to be a slave
State, and whose constitution even prohibits her
ligislature from passing any law peimitting the eman-
cipation of slaves. She had an area of fifty-three
thousand square miles; much of her surface included
vast swamps, sands, and everglades; so that thirty
thousand square miles would not probably be an
under-estimate of her arable land; and yet by the
bill reported by the Committee on the Territories
she was to be admitted with the privilege, here-
after, upon attaining a given number of inhabitants,
of forming herself into two States. Mr. S. called
the attention of western gentlemen to this subject.
He wished to know whether they would endorse and
lend their aid to such proceedings? whether they
would silently see western territory thus carved up
into such prodigious States, and in a form and a
manner, too, which forbade the prospect hereafter
of forming convenient States out of the remaining
territory? Was this to be borne? Was it to be
submitted to in silence? It was folly to attempt" to
conceal this matter; insidiously as it had crept upon
us, the object was too clear to be mistaken. There
was the record; two slave States were to be formed
out of Florida, and Iowa, with a far greater extent
of territory, abounding with the richest soil, capa-
ble of sustaining fivefold the population of Florida,
is formed into one free State. Mr. S. called upon
the free States to took upon this issue, as disclosed
by the records before them, and to say whether they
were disposed to suffer Texas to be admitted, and
thus secure to the slave States the perpetual control
of the United States Senate, and thereby bring to
bear upon the nation their peculiar notions in regard
to the political economy of this nation?
Mr. S. said he had thus plainly, and he trusted
temperately, presented some of his views on this
question, and lie would take occasion to say that
they were delivered with no unkind feelings towards
his brethren of the South; for he entertained no feel-
ings but those of kindness towards them; but he saw
in this question a struggle for precedence and power
in the administration of the affairs of the govern-
ment, and he could not for a moment hesitate what
course to pursue— which was, to represent the views
of his people.
Mr. S. said that his time had nearly expired; and
ho. now found that he had laid out more work than
he could possibly accomplish in the hour allotted by
the rule to be occupied by a member in debate.
There were other points in this question to which
he would have liked to give a passing notice,
namely, the relative wealth, population, &c. of the
slaveholding and free States; the responsibilities we
should incur by the annexation of Texas through
her war, her debts, and her treaties with other na-
tions, all of which would attach to us; but he must
forbear at this time to discuss them.
Mr. S., in conclusion, said that it was related by
Mr. Madison that, in the room occupied by the con-
vention which formed our constitution, and immedi-
ately behind the president's chair, was a painting of
a rising sun; that during the time of the signing of
the constitution by the members, Dr. Franklin called
the attention of some of the gentlemen who were
near him to this picture, and observed that it was dif-
ficult in the painter's art to distinguish between a
rising and a setting sun; and that he had often, du-
ring their deliberations, doubted whether this one
was rising or setting; but that he was then convinced
that it was a rising'sun. Yes (said Mr. S.) that sun
has been long in the ascendant, shedding his reful-
gent rays upon a free, happy, and prosperous peo-
ple; but if this deed of violence be done to that con-
stitution over which he rose so brightly, and has
shone so gloriously, it will be the signal for him to
set, never again to rise.
