Dec. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Ilenley.
H. of Reps.
the party? and when that measure had been, as he
supposed, rendered unpopular, by the misrepresent-
ations of its opponents, did he not face to the right
about, m true military style, and become the suc-
cessful candidate of the opposite party?
[Mr. Hunt explained. He was a Jackson man,
and had aided in the election of Mr. Van Buren in
1836, and was a candidate for Congress in that
year. He had never been an advocate for collect-
ing the revenues of the government in gold and sil-
ver. For his inconsistency he was responsible to
his constituents. If he had ever changed, he was
ready to avow it. But his inconsistency' mainly
consisted m not keeping pace with the strides of
progressive democracy.]
Mr. H. continued: Oh, yes, the gentleman was a
good democrat, a stern, unwavering republican, a
real Jackson-Van-Buren man; but he could not
keep pace with the strides of progressive democracy.
He remained where he had always been, unchanged
and unchangable. He stands where he has ever
stood. Certainly, sir, the mountain could come to
Mahomet; but Mahomet could not go to the moun-
tain. The gentleman was once in our ranks, but
by our progression we have gone off and left him;
he could not keep pace with our strides; he is now
a whig; he stands upon the Jackson-Van-Buren
basis of 1836, and the whig paity stands with him;
but he has not changed. Of course, then, the par-
ties have all changed. I have heard, sir, that to
men in a certain peculiar situation, houses, trees,
farms, and fields all seem to be whirling round,
while they remain fixed as statues. May that not
lie the case with my friend? But this, according to
my observation, has been the practice ©f all whom
I have ever known to change their politics. They
uniformly deny it, and charge the same thing to all
the world besides; and are constantly croaking about
the inconsistency of others.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Hunt,]
in the plenitude of his good nature, and ur-
banity of manners, has told us a story of a
physician of his acquaintance, who, when he
discovered his practice falling off on account of the
diversity of opinion among the people in regard to
the different systems of medical practice, adveitised
that he was acquainted with all the theories of med-
icine extant, and was prepared to practice upon any
theory to suit the. views of his customers. To the
advocates of the steam he was a Thomsonian, to
the friends of the homoeopathic practice, he was a
honiceopnthian; and lie Would practise also according
to the prescriptions of the regular faculty.
Now, the gentleman will find this story much
more applicable to his own party than ours. For-
merly Lheir political practice has been based upon the
theory of the old school of physicians—Hamilton,
Adams, &c. In 1840 they tried the steam system,
in which they killed more than they cured; and now
the people have determined to take their measures
upon the principleofhomoeopathian practice of medi-
cine, which, I believe, is this: that the less you give
of it th  better it is for the patient. The iate elec-
tions indicate this in characters too plain to be mis-
understood. The gentleman seems at a loss to
know what questions have been decided in the late
contest, and asserts that the patty has advocated
free trade at the South, incidental protection in the
West, and a high tariff at the North; and inquires
what is to be the verdict of the jury ki this case?
Now, if my friend means to arraign the people and
have them tried before a jury for the crime of re-
fusing to elect Mr. Clay President, I can tell him
what will be the verdict; it will be such a one
as was rendered by a western jury, in a case
where several persons were charged with ducking an
individual for whipping his wife. The jury retired,
after hearing the case, and shortly returned into
court with a sealed verdict, which, on being opened
and readily the sheriff, was in these words: trred
him right." Now, sir, let the whig party arraign
the American people before the grand tribunal
of public sentiment, for not electing the great
embodiment to the presidency, and my word for it,
the verdict will be "Served him light." In fact, Mr.
Speaker, a mere cursory review of the political his-
tory of Mr. Clay is sufficient to satisfy any man of
candid mind of the justice of this verdict. His
unbounded ambition, and the unscrupulous means
he has been ever ready to use for the accomplish-
ment of his unhallowed purposes; his want of po-
litical, not to say moral, integrity; his opposition to
a national bank in 1811, and his advocacy of the
same measure in 18J5 and 1616; his being an avow-
ed republican candidate for the presidency in 1824,
and selling out his principles, and transferring his
friends to the support of the blue-light federal can-
didate of Massachusetts, for the sake of office under
his administration; his violation of the instructions
of the legislature of his State, in voting for John
duiney Adams in opposition to the hero of New
Orleans; his support of a high tariff in 1828, and his
abandonment of all protection in 1833; his assertion
in 1833, that such protection as would be afforded
by a horizontal duty of 20 per cent, was all that
was needed by the manufacturing interest, and his
declaration in 1841, that there was no necessity of
protection for protection; his letter to the South ad-
vocating a mere revenue tariff, and to the North
in fa^or of the tariff of 1842, with an amendment in
favor of protection to kid gloves and Cologne water;
his opposition to poor settlers on the public land3,
denouncing them as land pirates and robbers; his
advocacy of that trio of federal measures—bank,
high tariff, and distribution—the first to grant a mo-
nopoly for the benefit of wealth, the second to rob
one class of society for the advantage of another,
the third to plunder honest industry generally for the
benefit of indolent wealth; his support of the bankrupt
law, to enable swiiuHers to cheat honest men out of
their just dues, and his refusal to vote for the repeal
of that law, though instructed to do so by the almost
unanimous vote of both branches of his legislature,
thereby showing his utter contempt for the will
of the people, and the interests of the country;
his sending out his relative, C. M. Clay, to the
North to preach abolition and intrigue for the votes
of that class of persons, saying to him "be careful
how you pull the wires, Cassnis; you know I am in
a critical position. John Speed Smith says Ken-
tucky is m danger;" while he was at the same
time urging modestly his own election in the
South "to preserve the Union;" his four Texas
letters, in the first of which he is opposed to
Texas, in the second he has no "personal ob-
jection to it," in the third he would be glad
to see it, and m the fourth he would write no more
letters about it, and is sorry he has ever written any;
his antimasonic. correspondence, in which he
tells the South Hanover Indiana committee that it
is none of their business, and the antimasons of
Pennsylvania that he had forgotten the grips, and
could not find his way into a lod°e; his command
to Metidenhall to go home and mind his own busi-
ness, and then sending his nephew out to get this
same Mendenhall's vote, together with those of his
friends—thus showing that lie would barter for the
votes of even those whom lie would not treat
with the common courtesies of life; his approba-
tion of the infamous imprisonment of the patriot
Dorr by the Rhode Island Algerines; his duels
with Marshall and Kandolph, and his connection
with the duel which resulted in the murder of Cil-
ley—having himself written the challenge and dic-
tated such terms of reconciliation as could not be
accepted—and his cold-blooded declaration when
the friends of the murdered man were in mourning,
and his wife and children in the agony of despair,
"that it would only be a nine days' bubble'"
I say, sir, ill view of all these things, and as many
moie which might be enumerated did time permit,
and upon which the people now look back with
minds much more divested of prejudice than in the
heat of the contest, a large number of the honest and
reflecting portion of the .whig paity now in their
hearts admit the justice of this verdict, and agree
that we ha\e "suivtd him light." They feel in their
own bosoms that lie is not the man for that great
station; and if they dared to speak out, now that
the smoke and dust of the conflict has blown away,
that would be found to be the candid and honest con-
viction of a laige portion of the whigs.
Mr. Hardin here interposed, and said that such
were not the views of the wings.
Mr. Henley said it might not be of the whigs of
that gentleman's particular distiict, but it was the
view of many honest whigs with whom he had
conversed.
Mr. Hauoin. It is not the view of whigs
anywhere.
Air. Henley. How does the gentleman know?
Mr. Hardin. 1 know more of the wThigs than
you do.
Mr. Henley. I admit that, sir; and now while we
are on that subject, if you will agree to tell only
half what you know, I will pledge myself to prove
the truth of all I have charged against Mr. Clay
and the whig party, and a great deal more.
[Laughter.] Mr. Speaker, my colleague [Mr. C
B. Smith] has stated one fact which I want noted;
he tells you that the democracy of Indiana were for
the annexation of Texas to this Union immediately,
if not sooner. That is true, sir; we wert for Texas
immediately, and sooner if possible; we were for
Texas, and we threw all minor difficulties and
obstacles aside, and we repudiated all the old-maidish
objections of the federal party to. the union. Wo
looked upon the lone star as the lost Pleiad—a wan-
derer from the bright constellation of States; and.
we looked upon its citizens as our brethren
and friends—as bone of our bone, and flesh of our
flesh. And when they knocked at the door of our
glorious Union, like the prodigal son returning
to his father's house, where there was enough
and to spare; it was too much for In-
diana hospitality, not to say christian benevo-
lence, to refuse them admission. Indiana then,
so far as she is concerned, is for Texas._ We bid
her welcome to our fireside, and to the enjoyment of
all the privileges of a member of the family; and
that, too, as my colleague rightly says, immediately,
if not sooner.
But, sir, we are proud that we are not alone in
this laudable desire; and if it had not been for
the letter of Mr. Van Buren, which was construed,
into hostility to Texas, and those ofMr. Clay, there
would now be no opposition to this measure but
modern abolitionism and old federalism. There is
at this moment a greater unanimity of sentiment, of
spontaneous and enthusiastic public feeling in favor
of this measure, than any other great question
which has divided and agitated the people of this
country; and whoever imagines that any other
cause can prevent the reunion of Texas and the
United States than the voluntary withdrawal of
Texas herself, is utterly unacquainted with, or has
studied in vain, the character of the anglo-Saxon
race, which has been for a thousand years engaged
in the spread of republicanism, of religion, and the
principles of human liberty. They know but little
of the peculiar traits of character, or indomitable
perseverance of that people, who, two hundred years
ago fled from the intolerance and oppression of the
old world, and finding resting-place upon the shores
of New England, there planted the standard of civil
and religious liberty, sending forth population and
the blessings of good government, like an irresisti-
ble tide, from Plymouth rock to the Gulf of Mex-
ico—if they imagine that they can plant themselves
upon the banks of the Sabine, like Canute upon
the shores of the ocean, and cause this mighty tide
to roll back its irresistible wave. Sir, they may,
like Canute, command, and, like him, if they remain
credulous to the flattery of sycophants, be swept
into oblivion by the rolling flood. No man can
stand in the current of public sentiment, especially
when that current has been running in the same
channel, gathering strength, and volume, and im-
petuosity for hundreds of years.
Let the politicians, and those who aspire to be
leaders, look to it. The hand writing is upon the
wall. Texas cannot be kept out of this Union; and
the day is coming when opposition to Texas will
be as odious as are the doctrines of that selfish set of
politicians at this day, who sought in the Hartford
convention to dissolve the Union, form New Eng-
land into a separate confederacy, and subsequently
refused to extend jurisdiction beyond the Allegha-
nies; objected to the admission of new States into
the confederacy, alleging that our territory was
then too large; and finally, prompted by the same
contracted, illiberal, and unstatesman-like views,
resisted the acquisition of Louisiana. Let us then
take lessons from the past, and let the fate of the old
federal party he a warning to all who would stand
in the way of fair, and honorable, and legitimate ac-
quisition of territory, and extension of the principles
of our republican institutions to those who are wil-
ling and qualified to enjoy their blessings. Let us
then, at once, reject the narrow-contracted and self-
ish policy of old federalism, and consummate this
important acquisition without further delay. It is
the decree of the people. Let it be done. My col-
league, [Mr. C. C. Smith,] and the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck,] have intimated that the contest
was not conducted upon principle; now, so far as
Indiana is concerned 1 know, and with regard to
the whole Union I have good reason to believe, that
in no election since the formation of the govern-
ment, did the parties stand so manfully up to then-
principles as in the contest which has just closed.
The democrats boldly, and upon every stump, avow-
ed their political sentiments; and the whigs, unlike
their course in 1840, as boldly proclaimed their advo-
cacy of the measures and principles of Adams and
