Dec. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBg.
7f
28th Cong 2d Sess
Independent Treasury—Mr. Henley.
H. of Reps.
a particular sympathy f and fellow feeling with their
whig friends on this side of the water.
The first extract I take is from the London Times,
a high tory paper:
"This nomination of the presidential electors has just
been completed, and it appears to leave no doubt as to the.
triumph of fhe.democratic party, and of their candidate, "Mr.
Polk. The surprise—and we must add, the apprehensions
and regret—which this event will produce in Europe, are
increased by the fact that it is the great States of New York,
Pennsylvania, and'Virginia, which have turned the scale.
Far from exercising that moderating power, and, if we may
so speak of anything in America, that conservative influ-
ence which might seem to belong to their position, their
wealth, their mercantile interests,and their exemption
from slavery, Pennsylvania has in this instance obeyed the
same influences which have already connected her name
with bankruptcy and anarchy, and New York has followed
her example.
"Of Mr. Polk we know nothing, exccpt that he has
achieved a triumph over the most able and respected man
in the Union, although he was scarcely more known in that
Union a few months ago than he now is in Europe lie
has not been chosen for his past services, or his political
experience, or for civil eloquence, or for military fame; for
these qualities would doubtless long ago have brought him
within our notice, if he had possessed them or any of them.
But the less of personal greatness or influence he could
boast of, the better was he fitted to answerthe expectations
oflns adherents. Whatever he may turnout to be here-
after, we can only jud^e of him atpresent asthe delegate
or instrument of the passions by which he has been thus
strangely raised into this conspicuous position. As such,
then, we must remark, with no ordinary concern, that with
the single exception of the tarift question, on which he is
pledged to a more liberal commercial policy than his op-
ponent, his election to this important ofhee is the triumph
of everything that is worst over everything that is best in
the United States of America. It is a victory gained by the
South over the Noith—by the slave States over the free—
by the repudiating Steles over the honest ones—by the par-
itsans of the annexation of Texas over its opponents—by
the adventurous and unscrupulous democracy ol the new
States, oud thti foieign population m those States, over the
more austere and dignified republicanism of New England."
The article speaks at length of the dreadful con-
sequences to result from the election of Mr. Polk,
and says "the whig party has been defeated when
everything depended on the possibility of restoring
moderation and probity to the government of the
country by their influence."
And again, to show the affinity between British
and whig journals, hear the following, from the same
paper; and similar to which a score of articles can
be found in the whig papers of this country in ref-
erence to the power of the whig- Senate, and their
hopes in that quarter. The London Times says:
'•But the strict limitations imposed bj the constitution on
the power of the chief magistrate, and more especially the
control exercised by the Senate of the United States over
his relations with foreign poweis, render the triumph less
signal and the danger less imminent Re the mdisciption of
a President what it may, he can scarcely plunge the coun-
try into war or contusion as long as the Senate remains
faithful to its trust. What, therefore, we chiefly deplore on
the piesent occasion is. the defeat of those men who were
most able and most willing to have labored to restore the
financial and political credit of their country; who, if they
were unable to shake off the cur^e of slavery, would at
least have striven to prevent the consequences of slavrey
from becoming the guiding and general law of the public
policy of the Union; who would have abstained from rapine,
maintained peace, and adhered to the doctrines which once
shed honor 011 the characters of American statesmen. Clay
and Webster are still entitled to that name; but the time is
past when they could guide the destinies of their country,
andby casting them oft' in the hour of trial, the people of
the United States have only gendered the vices of their
present condition more conspicuous, and prepared the way
for the increasing evils and excesses of then iuture career "
The article then remarks upon what will and what
will not be done under the new administration, and
adds:
'•No bank, no distribution can take place for the present
new negotiation? may be opened for the annexation of Tex-
as: but, as the b«nate will be whig lor two years at least,
nothing can be doue tfloctually as regards that mattei lor
some time to conu-."
The next extract to which I ask attention, is
from the London Spectator, another tory paper.
Similar sentiments* will be easily recognised as hav-
mg appeared in many a whjg paper in this country.
"There is nothing surprising in the result of the presi-
dential election m the United States. It is merely a repeti-
tion ot what has happened at every election since 1800.
rj lie demociatic mass ha* obtained another victory over
the doctrinaires of America Since the recognition of
American independence in Great Bntam, there has always
been a doctnn'3irc parly in the Union, it has been almost a
heieditaiv pditv. Hamilton was m a manner its founder,
the tv. o Adamses have been us principal ornaments. It has
enrolled under its banners a decided majority of the public
men of the Union, who, bom to a competency, have enjojed
a systematic education, and opportunities of cultivating
refined tastes It has been an intelligent, and, on the w hole,
an honorable party—rather sceptical, the natural tendency
of men of the woild, as to the periectibility of man or the
wisdom and virtue ofthe masses—with a good deal of knowl-
edge, a great deal of fastidiousness, and not a little pedantry.
This'party has from its character been more powerful in
rpteri*-* fh'sn with the publio. it had iqo much faith in
abstractions and precedents to know and control actual cir-
cumstances; its little airs of superior refinement and learn-
ing have alienated and disgusted the great body of electors.
It has called itself federalists at one time and whig at
another; but it has still been the same unchanged and un-
changeable party, the counterpart of the Gironde or the doc-
trinaires "of France—of the 'liberal whigs,' or the 'educated
radicals' of England. ' ,
"Opposed to this party of men made by schools and col-
leges, has always been the great democratic mass, which
feels*x a ther' than thinks—which heeds men—leaders, asthe
exponents and visible symbols of principles. "When the
Union has had a statesman of commanding character, this
sentient body has been guided by his will. So was it in the
times of Jefferson, of Madison, of Monroe."
I now quote an article from the London Exam-
iner—a paper neutral in politics, but liberal in its
commercial views—which treats the question alto-
gether differently from its tory contemporaries:
"Mr. Polk has secured the support of all those whose in-
tercourse with this country is rendered possible by the state
of our laws. Mr. Polk, by his advocacy of a free commer-
cial policy , essentially represents the feelings ,of the great
southern States—the producers of cotton, rice, and tobacco.
He has also secured large majorities m the States of Penn-
sylvania and New York, by which it is evident that the
great mercantile interests of those States are superior to the
manufacturing and agricultural interests, which combined
in support of Mr. Clay. It was with regard to these two
States that the greatest doubt prevailed, and on the result of
which the election chiefly depended We were much
struck by the strong appeal which Mr. "Webster made at a
recent meeting at Philadelphia, to the varied interests of
manufacturers, miners, and others supposed to be deeply in-
terested in the high tariff m favor of protection to home in-
dustry; end yet, when the latest intelligence left, this State
showed a majority for the free-trade candidate of 4,C68, and
the State of New York of 9.Oil.
"The most striking result, however, is that of the State of
Ohio This is the great wheat-growing State ot the Union.
It is the State which, above all others,has the deepest direct
interestm receiving the cheap manufactures of England
But the people of Ohio have long held this language to
England: 'Your cheap manufactures would no doubt be a
great advantage to us if we had the means to purchase
them, but as long as you refuse a market for our corn, in ex-
change for your cloth and iron ware, their cheapness and
superiority are matter of no object to us. You invite us to
buy, but are unwilling to take the only means we have of
payment. You exclude us from supplying the artisans in
England with our produce, who would be employed on
what we require, and we have, therefoie, no choice but to
support that policy which will induce those artisans to re-
move to this country—that that exchange, which is at pres-
ent impossible, may become possible, though on terms less
profitable to either party.' Such has been the language of
Ohio; and with such feelings the great wheat-growers of
America support, by a large majority, the candidate who is
pledged to the policy which will exclude the goods of Eng-
land."
The Liverpool Mail furnishes the next extract.
He lights upon the American democracy with a
fiendishness he must have derived from the spirit of
whigery in this country:
"A citizen of the name of Polk—a man unknown to fame-
lias been virtually elected Pie&ident ol the United States of
America, thereby defeating the pretensions of Mr Henry
Clay. Mr. Folk, who stood on the locofoco or rabble inter-
est, has declared himself favorable to the annexation of Tex-
as to the federal Union, to slavery, and a modified tariff.
Mr. Clay is what the Americans call a 'whig,' an anti-
slavite, a man of peace, favorable to a sti't tarift', heavy cus-
toms, and unbounded protection to American manufactures.
How he came to be beaten is rather curious
"The false, if not fraudulent, principle upon which the
American constitution is founded, is year by year sinking
the republic deeper in the mire. For instance, it is the law
there that every loieigner who comes has it in his power,
by means of a declaration, to become a free citizen, and vote
in the ejections. The Americans thought this wise policy
at the commencement of their independence, on the princi-
ple that having stolen the jpiopeity ot their king, they had
an equal ri^ht to .steal his or any other king's subjects. It
is an adage, that stolen piopei ty ue\ w thii veb—never, in the
end, benefits the thief, and the Ameiieans have at length
discoveied this to be a fact. For many j ears, tens of thous-
ands oi Irishmen, Germans, Poles, and other foreigners,
have landed on their shores, a vast proportion of them m
rags, hungry, and homeless, ready, of course, to work, beg,
fight, or do anything for a dish of potatoes, a slice ot pump-
kin pie and a draught of sour cider. These men have be-
come electors; and they are not only formidable in point of
numbers, but, what is more to the purpose, every man's
vote is worth liom ten to fifteen votes in all the large towns.
They consequently carry all the elections, by force and
fraud.
"The native Americans, ofthe more reputable class, com-
plain of this, and lament it It is lamentable indeed—it is
disgraceful— it is demoralizing."'
The next extract I quote is from the Dublin
Freeman's Journal, showing that the election of Mr.
Polk is hailed with joy by the hbeity-lovmg sons of
the Emerald Isle:
"We canrotbut look upon this election, therefore, as
fortunate, if not providential. The 'native Americans'
have been signally discomfited, and the whigs, who not
alone accepted, but who courted a participation an their
deep and indelible disgrace, have received a defeat the most
disastrous that ever befel a party. But what makes this
result more acceptable to the feelings of the friends of Iie-
land is, that the defeat is owing to the horror which the
combination of whigs and 'natives' inspired in Pennsyl-
vania, where their atrocities, as their principles, were best
known, aud wheie thy whig candidate nafa been defeated on
this oc^jon by a mMcJi majority ih&n tl#t which
supported the pretensions of General Harrison in the elec-
tion of 1840."
I close the-extracts from English papers with the
following from Willmer and Smith's (London)
Times:
" The 'Great Western,' -last week, brought the intelli-
gence of the election of Mr. Polk, a$ President of the United
States. A different result had been anticipated. A struggle
so momentous must have important consequences, and ac-
cordmgly, the subject has been viewed and analyzed in
every possible light and shape by the English press. Re-
publicanism in every phase, democratic influences with all
their advantages and drawbacks, the success and- otherwise
ofthe great North American family experiment, since it cut
all connection with John Bull,..and set up house-keeping on
its own account—all these topics have passed in review,
and have been treated at great length, with much ability,
and, generally speaking, with candor during the last few
days No country in the world puzzles the political econo-
mists, and the speculators in abstract theories, so much as the
United States, it is an enigma; people here see the Union dai-
ly going ahead, increasing in all the elements of national pros-
perity, abounding in all that constitutes wealth andgreat-
ness, and yet hardly a day passes that its speedy ruin is not
predicted. 'It cannot possibly hang together,' exclaims one;
and the slavery ofthe South is referred to. 'It contains
within its bosom the elements of dissolution,' cries another;
and the array of races and sects against each other in the
great cities ofthe North is pointed out. 'A people that are
too dishonest to pay their debts, can never command re-
spect, or become permanently happy.and prosperous,'
shouts a city usurer, as he buttons up his greasy breeches
pockets, and snaps the finger of scorn at Pennsylvania, and
her half score repudiating sisters. Reasons are as plentiful
as blackberries why America cannot flourish or endure;
but, there stands the undeniable fact, staring the logicians
and political economists in the face, that she. does thrive,
and that every move hitherto taken by her people has been
onward; that every man in the towns is an independent cit-
izen, and every man in the country an independent farmer;
that squalid misery and death from starvation—unhappily
r  novelties in England—are unknown on the otherside of
the Atlantic, where destitution, unless produced by intem-
perance or by idleness, has no existence.
"Mr. Polk's success has not been favorably received in
England. He is a new man; his name is strange to our ears,
as, until recently, it was to those ofhis own countrymen;
and the English love not new names nor new men."
Mr. Speaker, in reference to the charge of delusion
on the part of the people in supporting Mr. Polk,
I must say, in truth and candor, that never in my
life have I witnessed among the people such dili-
gent and patient examination of-national and politi-
cal questions, or such fixed and unalterable deter-
mination to defeat an opponent as was manifested
against Mr. Clay and the whig party. The feeling
seemed to have grown up spontaneously in the
breasts of all. I left this city, sir, after the nomina-
tion, resolved to do all in my power to inspire the
people with zeal, enthusiasm, and ardor for the
coming contest.* But long before 1 had reached my
home in the West, 1 found the main body of the
people ten-fold more hostile to Mr. Clay than I was
myself. It is impossible to describe the intensity
of feeling which A found pervading all classes of so-
ciety when I reached the West. Sir, the people
were not deceived. No one who mingled with them
in the canvass can say so. It was their own spon-
taneous feeling, too. It was not the work of politi-
cians, but it burst forth from the hearts of the people
themselves. Old and young, men and women, all
seemed to be opposed to whigery; and even the
very children, as you passed through the country,
came tottling to the doors of the cabins, with their
whiteheads and smiling countenance, crying "hur-
rah for Polk and Dallas." Sir, you should have
witnessed some of the large mass meetings of the
democracy, with their tens of thousands assembled
from hill and dale, from mountain and from valley,
from city and from country, to give impetus to the
democratic cause; you should have seen the
ladies, with their beauty and their smiles, pre-
senting to the voters, on these occasions, those
magnificent democratic banners, the work of their
own hands, which floated upon every breeze,
and bore upon their ample folds, "Folk and
Dallas, Texas and Oregon;" you should have seen
them again with twenty-five of their number, at-
tired m white, bearing appropriate flags represent-
ing each State in the Union, and the twenty-sixth
clothed in the deepest weeds of mourning, for the
persecutions of the unfortunate Dorr; you should
have heard, too, that shout that went up to the very
heavens in aid of the greatcause; and, above ail, you
should have seen the anxiety which was depicted
upon the countenances of the multitude, which
spoke from their hearts the interest they felt in the
success of the democratic party. To understand
and appreciate the merits of this contest, Mr. Chair-
man, you should have seen and mixed with the in-
teresting scenes which attended it. And then, sir
when the fight was over, and it was known that
the result depended upon tiie vow ofAW Y.n-k, vAo
