78
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL QtOfife,
  Annexation of Texas—Mr. C. B. Smith.
JaU; M
^ breathless anxiety and silence with
which the news from that State was listened to?
Ana when it came, who can forget or describe that
shout of joy; cjfeai- and loud, \frhich rent the air.and
$ade the "Welkin ring?  And all this, tob, ftofh
the mechanics, the laboring men, from those in the
humble walks of life! It was from those, in the shops
the mechanics and in the fields of the farmers, that
this decree first went forth—that the days of whig-
ery should be numbered. Nor was it on account of
i j1 or any other political leader, that this re-
sult hais been brought about, but bbcause the people
had resolved m their heart of hearts 16 defeat Mr.
Clay and his high-handed schemes of federalism.
However much our opponents may cavil about
T- ^ decided by this election, two
things they will at least admit to have been distinct-
ly decided—first, that James K. Polk shall be Pres-
ident of the united States; and second, that Henry
Clay never shall. Another thing has been decided,
and is now the judgment of the nation—to wit: that
ths democracy shall be vested with power to wield
the destinies of this great country for tho ensuing
four years, and as much longer as they shall make
themselves worthy of this important and responsi-
ble trust; and in doing this, the people have not
been deceived, deluded, nor humbugged. It was
their deliberate judgment to make this trial. They
had been deceivted by whig promises in 1840, and
they resolved to look for honesty and integrity in
pother quarter. But let me tell you where we can be
Charged frith deception. We will be guilty of
base deception, sir, When vie fail to adniinister the
government upon the true principles of republican
democracy—when we fail to discharge our dAty
faithfully and diligently, not only in this hall, but in
every department of government. "We are now in
the ascendancy; the responsibility will shortly rest
upon our shoulders. We shall soon have to act;
professions will no longer avail. The tree is known
by its fruit. We must "show our faith by our
works." We have, it is true, made no high-sound-
ing professions nor delusive promises, but we must
honestly fulfil the expectations of the people; and if
we do this, there is no danger of the democracy for
years to come; but if not, we shall not deserve to hold
our places—we will be hurled from power just as the
•tf/higs have been. And now let me tell my political
friferids what I have bben desirous to tell them for
some time: they must noi fold their Kaftds in
sloth and security. There is much to do, if
the expectations of the people are realized.
Industry, economy, retrenchment and reform,
must become the order of the day. We must work,
and work industriously; our compensation is am-
ple. We must stick to our seats in this hall, and
remain in them a given number of hours each day,
long enough to satisfy the country that we are doing
the public business. What are we doing? What
will the people say when they learn that we meet at
12 o'clock, and adjourn at 2 o'clock? Will they not
say we had about as well not meet at all? And
when we are here but little is donG, for the simple
reason that it is well understood that a large portion
of the business is not to be touched; and hence the
parliamentary privileges of the House are monopo-
lised by a few old members, and no one else can get
the floor, either to get business introduced or acted
upon; and hence, too much of our time is spent in
taking the yeas and nays on motions to suspend the
rules to get one man's business ahead of another's,
and other questions which grow out of this state of
things.
Why, sir, the business calendar of the House
of Representatives, I am told, has not been gone
through in teil years. There are just demands
against the government, and other important busi-
ness upon your calendar, which lias been there
for years; and those interested in them have
attended here, and spent their time and money until
they Jmve become sick and disgusted, and abandoned
them in despair. Sir, this is wrong. It is our duty
to act upon all business brought before this body.
It is the great legislature of the nation. Every
man's business should have a heaung; and every
man has a right to demand an investigation of his
case. We have the remedy for all these evils. We
must work. We must remain here at least four
hours each day; and that time must be industriously
devoted to legislation.
' Mr. C. J. Ingersoli here interposed, and said
the British House of Commons sat nine hoars per
day.
Mr. Henley continued. I was not aware of that,
eirj but I most sincerely believe that this is the most
H. of Kep .
indolent legislative body in the world. The __
ture of my own State sits about sevfen hours; and I
believe in none of the States in the Union do-their le-
gislatures sit less than six hours pet1 day.
There' arfe some gfentlemen.wtio attend here at the
meeting of the House, femain a ffiinateis, and
then very deliberately take their Hate and oltteks
and cane, and put on their kid glovfes, and walk out
with a measured and. dignified step, as much as to
say, "I am too -genteel to stay here and do the
drudgery of legislation; I will take a stroll, upon the
avenue." I notice that bur whig friends usually
vote for early adjournments,,and all other motions
calculated to delay business. They are not to
blame for this; they are not responsible. The eoun-
try looks to us; we are the responsible party; we
have reached anew era in our'government; we must
go ahead; we must at least keep up with the people.
In this age of steamboats, locomotives and railroads,
when everything is done upon the high pressure
principle, legislation must not lag behind; a new leaf
must be turned; as Mr. Webster said, new books
must be opened; at all events we'must go ahead.
And then, sir, for the first time in the history of our
government, a young ntah has bfe'Cn elected to the
presidency. But there is another new feature in it;
he was elected by the young men; ay, sir, by the
young democracy; and it was by industry, by zeal,
and by ardent labor that they accomplished this
glorious work. And now, sir, if we wish to re-
tain our places, and fulfil the honest expectations of
the country, it must be done by the same industry,
and the honest zeal which elected Mr. Polk. But
should we fail to discharge our duty, or prove re-
creant to the high trust reposed in us, you cannot
imagine how deeply it would mortify the honest
and confiding democracy of this country. It would
drive a pang deep into tho heart of many a whole-
souled democrat as he pushed his plane, swung his
axe, or followed his plough. There are high hnpe.i
and fond and generous confidence reposed in us now
by ths people. They must not be deceived. One
word more, Mr. Chairman: there is no danger on
the part of our newly elected President. I feel a
sort of consciousness m my own bosom that all 13
right in that quarter. The. people are not only sat-
isfied, but gratified with the election of Mr. Polk;
and it is my most sinceie belief that he will make
not only as good, but as popular a President as ever
filled that chair. Such are the hopes, the expecta-
tions and confidence of tlie country. May they be
fully realized.
SPEECH OF MR. CALEB B. SMITH,
OF INDIANA.
In the House of Representatives, Wednesday, Janua-
ry 8, 1845—On the resolutions for the annexation
of Texas.
Mr. CALEB B. SMITH, who had the floor from
the previous day, (having moved for the rising of the
committee,) addressed the House in opposition to the
joint resolution.
He said that if there was any question which ap-
pealed to the members of that House, as Americans
and as patriots, to discard from their minds every
vestige of partisan feeling, this was such a question.
It rose far above all party views and party ends, and
involved in its decision consequences scnously af-
fecting the integrity of the constitution, and the per-
petuity of the Union. And heie, in the outset of
his remaiks, he must be permitted to express his
sincere regret that the gentleman from Alabama,
who addressed the committee oil yesterday, [Mr.
Yancey,] while deprecating, with a zeal and elo-
quence but rarely witnessed upon that floor, the in-
trusion of party spnit into a debate of this character,
had not seen proper to conform his own course to
the precepts which he defined foi the government of
otheis. The gentleman would have better attested
his sinceiity, and furnished strongei evidence of his
own exemption from the feelings of a partisan, if he
had spared an appeal to the sneers and sarcasms
upon his political opponents, with which he had
seen proper to garnish his speech.
1 shall not (said Mr. S.) undertake to follow that
gentleman in his discussion of the acts or objects oi
the Hartford Convention, nor waste the time of the
committee in refuting the stale charge of federalism,
which he has attempted to cast upon the political
party with which 1 am associated.
The chairman of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, [Mr. C. J. Ingkrsoia,] m opening the debate
upon this question, spoke of the great increase of
public sentiment m fewr of the annexation of Tex-
as within the last year. He informed us (what
every man upon this floor knows to be true) l&tt if
this proposition had been submitted to a vote here
one year ago, it would have,.been rejected % an
overwhelming majority.- Yes, "Mr. Chairman, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania .has told us truly that
one year ago the annexation of Texas to this Union
found but fe«r advocates. The sentiments, :the feel-
ings, the WiflJles, utrS the judgmen ts of the American
people were against it/ The hops of its annexa-
tion, if cherished at all, only 'existed with aportioii
of the people of the South. 'JJqw, sit, those who
have the firmness to stand up ami-give utterance to
those sentiments, which but one year ago were the
sentiments of the great body of the American peo-
ple, do it at the hazard of being branded as traitors
to their country, and enemies to its prosperity.
How is this change to be' accounted for? What
has produced such a revolution in public sentiment?
What new lights have been brought to bear upon
this questioii, which have created such marvellous
popularity for a measure which, but so short a time
since, was an object of aversion? Sir, there is no
mystery in all this. It presents bat another and a
striking instance of the irresistible influence of par-
ty spirit and party discipline. The appliances of
party have been brought to bear upon this question.
The ahnfeiation of Texas has been incorporated
into the democratic creed. The "lone star" has
found a place upon the democratic banners. The
faithful have been invoked to come up to the rescue,
while the doom of the traitor has been denounced
upon all who falter or waver in their support of this
new article in the democratic confession of faith.
The history of the last .fifteen years has furnished
us striking evidence of the power and influence of
party spirit in shaping public opinion upon political
questions.
There are numerous objections which present
themselves to my mind against the annexation of
Texas, a portion of which I shall now proceed to
examine. It will be impossible for me .to examine
them all in the brief time allotted me by the rules
of the House, or to present my views upon any of
them as fully as 1 should desire.
Those who advocate this measure belong to that
class> of politicians who contend that the federal
government is one of limited powers, who denounce
with great zeal what they term a latitudinarian-con-
struction of the constitution, and who deny to Con-
gress the right to exercise any powers except such
as are expressly delegated by that instrument. It
is by them that the right of Congress to appropriate
money for internal improvements has been denied;
(hat the power of improving our rivers and chan-
nels of tiat^c and commerce has been questioned;
that the vetoes of the M&ysville road bill, of the
appropriation for the Wabash river, and of the '
eastern harbor bill nt the last session of Congress,
have been sustained and defended. They can see
no power in the constitution, conferred upon Con-
gress, to develop the resources of the country, by
improving its rivers and harbors, or by facilitating
trade and intercourse between its different parts.
They denounce us as latitudinarian constructionists
for urging upon Congress the exercise of this im-
portant power; and yet, with all their anxiety to
presene the rights of the States, and to confine this
government to the exercise of the powers conferred
by the constitution, they ask that Congress shall
assume the important power of adding a foreign na-
tion to our own.
Under what piovision of the constitution is it
contended that this important power is conferred?
We are referred to that provision which authorizes
Congress to admit new States into the Union. The
history of the constitution, its exposition by those
who assisted in its formation, the whole scope and
spirit of the instrument, the action of the govern-
ment under it, and the opinions of our most eminent
statesmen, all conspire to show that this clause was
only intended to confer upon Congress the power of
admitting new States creaicd from territory belong-
ing to the United States. Tile venerable patriots
who framed oui constitution certainly never contem-
plated that in giving to Congiess the power to admit
new States they were conferring upon the represent-
atives of the American people the power of tacking
these United States to the skirts of Great Britain,
or joining them as an appendage to the Russian
empue. Yet, if the position assumed by the ad-
vocates of this measure be correct, Congress has
such a power; for the same power which would au-
thorize the addition to our Union of a province on
this continent, would furnish equal authority for
