Jam. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
appendix to the congressional globe*
Smith.
81
Annexation of Texas—Mr. C. B.
H. of Reps.
No attempt has been made to disturb the compro-
mise agreed upon. The free States have a large
majority upon this floor, and yet no attempts have
been made to encroach upon the rights of the south-
ern States. There may be individuals in the free
States who have transcended the just limits of a free
discussion upon this question; but shall the people
of those States be held responsible for their opin-
ions?
It is an old remark that extremes often meet; and
it appears to me that it is fully verified by those
■who are ultra in their views upon both sides of this
question. The extreme slavery men of the South
and the extreme anti-slavery men'of the North meet
upon the ground of a desire to disturb the compro-
mises of the constitution. Upon one side, the aid
of the government is invoked far the immediate and
forcible abolition of slavery; while, upon the other
side, it is asked to interpose for the purpose of ex-
tending and strengthening it. Neither are content
to leave it in the position in which it is placcd by
the constitution. But, sir, the great body of the
people of the free States occupy the true conserva-
tive ground. Their doctrine is, to let the constitu-
tion stand as it is, and let there be no interference
with the balance it has established. They will re-
sist any attempt to extend or perpetuate slavery, or
to increase the relative political power of those who
have an immediate interest in it. If the influence of
the slave States is diminishing, it is one of the inev-
itable consequences of their position. When the
balance between these two sections of the country
was settled by the constitution, each agreed to take
its chance for an increase of its strength from its
own resources; and if one section now finds itself
growing weaker, it has no right to demand conces-
sions from the other, for the purpose of adding to
its strength; much less has it the right to call in the
aid of a foreign government to increase its power
and secure its ascendency. No such thing was
asked for, no such thing was contemplated, when
the compact was entered into. It is true that, since
the adoption of the constitution, we have, at two
different times, made accessions to our territory* In
both these instances, the acquisition was urged by
southern men, was made by southern administra-
tions, and its effect was to extend and strengthen
southern interests. Louisiana was acquired under
the administration of Mr. Jefferson, and Florida
under that of Mr. Monroe—both Virginia Presi-
dents. From the territory thus acquired, three slave
States have been formed and admitted into the
Union, and are now represented in both branches of
Congress—Louisiana, Arkansas, and Missouri; while
not a single free State has been added from territory
acquired since the adoption of the constitution.
Iowa, it is true, a part of the territory since ac-
quired, is now asking admission as a free State; but,
to counterbalance her power, Florida is knocking at
our doors, with her institution of slavery, and it is
even proposed to divide her territory and form two
slave States from it.
I regret, Mr. Chairman, that the debate upon this
question should have assumed any thing of a sectional
character; but, sir, it is not from those who oppose
annexation that this character has been given to the
discussion. The measure has been pressed and
urged by its advocates on sectional grounds. The gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Yancey,] not satisfied
with commending the South, and urging annexa*
tionas a measure calculated to promote the interests
of that section, in the fury of his eloquence has
arraigned the people of the North as wanting in pa-
triotism. Their patriotism, he says, is not suffi-
ciently enlarged to embrace territory beyond the
limits of their own countiy. In that gentleman's
estimation, a desire to annex Texas evidences the
possession of an "enlarged patriotism." Sir, it is
the first time I have ever learned that patiiotism was
a virtue which required its possessor to look beyond
the interests of his own country. I have supposed
that patriotism was but another name for the love of
one own's country, and not an a'tachment for for-
eign lands. I did not suppose that one who loved
his country, and desired to cherish, protect, and pre-
serve it, could be charged with wanting a patriotism
safficiently enlarged, because it did not embrace the
whole vvoild. Sir, the patriotism of the North is
sufficiently enlarged to embrace our whole country,
in all its parts and all its interests.
There if, I fear, Mr. Chairman, a patriotism
which can look at no interest hut that which lies
beneath a southern sun; a patriotism (I will not un-
dertake to say how enlarged it is) which cannot ex-
tend the scope of its vision north ofMason and Dix-
i6)
on's line; a patriotism which can embrace within its
affections no section of this country where slavery
is not found, which considers no interest worthy the
protection of the government that is not calculated
to strengthen and perpetuate the peculiar institu-
tions of the South, if the honorable gentleman
from Alabama- considers a patriotism of that charac-
ter sufficiently enlarged for him, he is welcome to the
enjoyment of it. I wish not to participate in theen-
joymentof such a feeling.
I re '  >ted much, Mr. Chairman, that the gentle-
man Alabama, in his desire to eulogize the
South, had not omitted the taunts and reproaches
which he had' thought proper to cast upon New
England. He has told us that "her plains are made
fertile and her villages are springing up by the
bounties wrung from the people of the South." Sir,
the plains of New England and her flourishing vil-
lages are indebted to no bounties from the South, or
any other section, for their prosperity. They are
indebted only to that indomitable energy and untir-
ing industry which has always characterized her
hardy sons. When the gentleman tells us that the
people of New England are more noted for their
keen pursuit of lucre than for their patriotism, he
furnishes evidence that he has read the history of his
country but to little advantage. Has the gentleman
forgotten that long line of illustrious patriots, to
whom New England has given birth, whose history
has shed a halo of glory around the American
name? Has he forgotten her undying devotion to
liberty in the days of the revolution? Has he for-
gotten Lexington and Bunker Hill? Sir, I have no
wish to detract from the well-earned fame of the dis-
tinguished men of the South, whom the gentleman
has selected as the subjects of his eulogy. In his
high-wrought encomiums upon Virginia's Washing-
ton, her Jefferson, and her Madison, he has but ut-
tered the sentiment of every American heart. But the
fame of these illustrious men does not belong to the
South. It is the common property of us all. They
were not southern men in their feelings or their views.
They were Americans, in whose hearts no mere sec-
tional feelings could find a resting place. Their patri-
otism was deep and broad, and embraced every inter-
est, every'section of their country. The gentleman
might have contented himself with honoring the
great merit of those men, without accompanying it
with the effort to cast odium upon the venerable
gentleman from Massachusetts now upon this floor,
[Mr. Adams,] who has occupied the same distin-
guished station. And, sir, let me assure that gen-
tleman that, when the passions of the hour have sub-
sided, and the busy actors whom they now agitate
shall be silenced in the passionless slumber of the
frave, the administration of that eminent man will
e pointed to with pride and exultation, as one of
the brightest epochs of our national history. It
will be quoted as a model administration, for its
rigid economy, its strict integrity, and its eminent
fidelity to all the momentous trusts committed to it;
and, however calumniated now, it will receive the
lasting respect and gratitude of the people, and the
admiration of the friends of free government
throughout the world. Sir, the fame of that man is
safe, and far, very far, from being lessened by any
petty sneers of party malignity or sectional preju-
dices.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Yancey] has
told us, in terms of reproach, that no northern Pres-
ident has ever had the confidence of the people to a
sufficient extent to secure a re-election. It is true,
Mr. Chairman, that, m the division of the honors
and emoluments of this nation, the South has been
able to secuie to herself the lion's shire. Other
causes than any want of merit or popularity on the
part of northern men might be shown for this. But
surely, sir, it comes with a bad grace from southern
men, after the highest offices in the government have
so long been filled by them, through favor of the
North, to reproach us with a want of popularity.
Does the gentleman intend to intimate that there is
no merit north of Mason and Dixon's line? Does
he suppose that genius, learning, valor, and patriot-
ism are confined to the South alone'
But, Mr. Chairman, Massachusetts has been sin
gltd out as an object of special attack. She has
been charged with cherishing in her bosom "schemes
of treason, going-directly to effect disunion" Sir,
the history of Massaehusets down to this day is a
sufficient refutation of this charge. Her sons are
animated by the same spirit and the same love of
liberty which characterized her Adams, her Han-
cock, her Warren—that spirit which sounded the
first manly note of alarm at the encroachments of
the government of Great Britain, and roused the
people to resistance. ' The adoption by her legisla-
ture of the resolution asking an amendment to the
constitution on the subject of slavery, which has
been made the subject of so, much complaint, was
but the exercise of a right expressly given by the
constitution. The constitution itself points out the
means by which it may be amended. The provis-
ion that it may be amended by the action of three-
fourths of the States, is itself one of the compromises
of that instrument. Was it supposed by our fa-
thers, when they framed the constitution, that
when, at a future day, one of the States should ask
to avail herself of this provision, to propose an
amendment in the manner there pointed out, she
should be charged with cherishing "schemes of
treason?" Upon the question of slavery she has al-
ways manifested a firm and consistent course. As
early as 1773, before the separation of the colonies
from the mother country, she made strenuous efforts
to remove the evils of slavery. I will quote here a
short paragraph from Graham's History of the
United States, showing her course upon this sub-
ject:
"Among other subjects of dispute with the British;gov-
ernment and its offlcers, was one more creditable to Massa-
chusetts than ei en her magnanimous conccrn for the liber-
ty of her citizens and their fellow-colonists. Negro slave-
ry still subsisted in every one of the American provinces;
and the unhappy victims of this yoke were rapidly multipli-
ed by the progressive extension of the slave trade. Georgia,
tho youngest of all the States, contained already fourteen
thousand negroes; and in the course of the present year
alone, more than six thousand were imported into South
Carolina. In New England the number of slaves was very
insignificant; and their treatment so mild and humane as in
some measure to veil from the public eye the iniquity of
their bondage. But the recent discussions with regard to
liberty and the rights of human nature were calculated to
awaken in generous minds a juster impression of negro
slavery; and during the latterpartof Gov. Bernaid's admin-
istration a bill prohibitory of all traffic in negroes was pass-
ed by the Massachusetts assembly."
Sir, treason can find no foothold upon the soil of
Massachusetts. She will stand by this Union, and
defend and sustain it with as much zeal as any
State, north or south. I have referred to her be-
cause she has been so unceremoniously dragged in-
to this debate. I might have left her defence to her
own eloquent representatives on this floor, who are
fully able to vindicate her fame and defend her
course. But, sir, I could not forbear the expression
of my opinions, after listening to the assault which
has been made upon her. I could not but recollect
that she is my hative State, i look with feelings of
pride and veneration at her illustrious history, and
treasure up the remembrance of her long line of pa-
triots, heroes, and statesmen, as a part of the glory
of our common country.
But, Mr. Chairman, when the gentleman from
Alabama was denouncing the North as hostile to the
Uninn, he might have learnt a profitable lesson by
casting his eyes upon the other extreme. Sir, have
we heard no notes of disaffection, no threats of dis-
union, from that quarter? I might refer to the nu-
merous resolutions and speeches at public meetings
declaring that Texas should be annexed to the
Union or dissolved. The editor of the Globe, in
this morning's paper, in commenting upon the
speech of the gentleman from Alabama, with great
force points him to the spirit manifested there. As
the Globe, I know, is regarded as good authority
with my democratic friends, I hope they will par-
don me if 1 make a short quotation from it:
* But not Mr. Yancey wanting in the even-handed jus-
tice with which he began his speech, when omitting to
bran'i the spirit ol dieoiiection to the t'nion nearer home,
to which the piospect of reannexing '1 exas has given birth !
Ha- he heard of no resolutions no organization of meetings,
no miiammatoiy harangues all governed by the piedcinii-
nant «entimeut, "Texa^, with or v. ithout the lninn " He
shouki have administered rebuke to this spirit of revolt at
one end oi the Union, lest it might (although originating '"n
ditferent pei-onal interests) be considered as a tolerated co-
opeiat'on w ith the same disposition to dissolve the confed-
eracy which he had denounced at the other end."
Mr. Chairman, any attempt to dissolve the Union
or weaken the ties by which we. are united, should
meet with indignant rebuke. In the continuance of
the Union lies our only prospect of safety. We,
sir, who oppose the annexation of Texas, are satis-
fied wth the Union as it is W« des're no rh;uii*e;
we ask for no extension. Our territory is alieaiiy
sufficiently extensive to promote the welfare rf all
The constellation upon our country's flag needs not
the addiiion of the lone star of Texas to increase u§
brilliancy or add to the glory of our republic,
