Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Wetter.
H. of Reps.
Texas—independent Texas—now asks to merge
her sovereignty in ours, and become a portion of the
American Union. An opportunity ia now present-
ed of carrying out our pledge given to France in the
treaty of 1803; and why not grant the request? Why
not suffer them to enjoy with us the rich repast pre-
pared by our ancestors? Various objections have
been presented, to some of which I must to invoke
the attention of the committee.
In the first place, we are told that the annexation
of Texas will increase and perpetuate slavery. My
colleague, [Mr. Hamlin,] who very modestly told
the committee that I had submitted a proposition
based on nothing, says that slavery is at the bottom
of this question. What said the leader of his party
—the great embodiment of whigery—on this sub-
ject? Hear him:
"1 do not think the subject of slavery ought to affect the
question one way or the- other. Whether Texas be inde-
pendent, or incorporated into the United States, I do not be'
Iieve it will prolong or shorten the duration of that institu-
tion It is destined to become extinct at some distant day,
in my opioion, by the operation of the inevitable, laws of
population." f * * "It would be unwise to refuse a per-
manent acquisition, which will exist as long as the globe re-
mains, on account of a temporary institution.''
This was the language of Mr. Clay (whom my
colleague and his party so zealously supported for
the presidency) in his letters during the recent can-
vass.
In this I fully concur with Mr. Clay. But are
they the sentiments of the whigs on this floor, who
so warmly supported him for the first office in the
republic? Mr. Clay says that "slavery has nothing
to do with the question of annexation." My colleague
says it has. Here is a difference of opinion be-
tween two great men. One the leader of whigery
proper, the other the quasi leader of the abolitionists
of northern Ohio ! The pupil has become wiser
than the teacher ! The scholar more sagacious than
the master !
During the six years I have been upon this floor,
I have done all in my power to discountenance the
movements of those who are seeking, by the agita-
tion of the slave question, to dissolve the Union.
The institution of slavery is secured to certain sec-
tions of the confederacy by the federal constitution.
1 hold it as sacred as any other constitutional right,
when acting as a representative of the people. Let
no one say that I am a northern man with southern
principles. I scorn the imputation. I am a west-
ern man with constitutional principles. I conceive
that there is no prosperity, no happiness for the peo-
Fle I represent, but in the preservation of the Union.
cannot see how that Union can be maintained, ex-
cept by guarantying to each section of the republic
the undisturbed enjoyment of its constitutional
rights. Let the federal constitution stand as it is,
upon the compromises of our fathers, and no sec-
tion should attempt to deprive another of its rights.
If it became necessary to annex a portion of the ter-
rititory north of (lie United States to the Union, for
the purpose of securing to Maine or Vermont the
undisturbed enjoyment of their rights under the con-
stitution, I would not dare refuse to do so. I hold
that we are bound to take care that each section of the
Union enjoys its constitutional rights; and if the an-
nexation ofTexas would operate to give security
to the institution of slavery, 1 would not hesitate to
vote for it. We are under as many obligations to
guaranty the undisturbed enjoyment of that insti-
tution, as any other under the constitution.
How will the annexation of Texas increase anil
perpetuate slavery? Mr. Clay, in his letter of last
year, says: ''Texas will make three free and two
slave States." The adoption of the resolutions 1
have introduced leaves this question to 1 >e ac!|iis;ed
by Congress heruafrer. For one, I wouid not hoM-
tate, in advance, to sav that, whether slavery exist-
ed in the StaUs to be formed out of that territory or
not, should be left to the decision of the people im-
mediately iriteiested. The idea of keeping up the
balance of power between the free and sla\e States
is, to my mind, ridiculous. It requires no extra-
ordinary sagacity to foresee that the political power
of this government, so far as its legislation is con-
cerned, must pass into the hands of the free States.
Slave labor has already become unprofitable in sev-
eral of the older States, and must soon cease to ex-
ist. It can never be made productive in the grain-
growing sections of Texas, and hence, I infer, will
never exist. 1 would not be afraid to hazard my
reputation upon the prophecy that, if Texas is ad-
mitted into the Union, at the end of fifteen years
slavery will have been abolished in at least four
States where it is now tolerated. There are at present
some twenty-five thousand slaves in Texas; and we
are told the adding of these to the number now found
in the United States will dissolve the Union! Are
our democratic institutions so insecure that, if twen-
ty-odd thousand negroes be thrown upon us, they
will be demolished? Annex Texas to our confed-
eracy—bring it under the control of our legislation,
and no more negroes can be imported into it, and
consequently the number cannot be increased, ex-
cept by transferring from the other States. This
will not add to the number of slaves in the Union.
If the Texian States become densely populated
with slaves, it must be by removing them from the
States where they are now found. How, I ask
again, will this increase slavery? " Would it be
wise," in the language of Mr. Clay, "to refuse a per-
manent acquisition, which wilt exist as long as the globe
remains, on account of a temporary institution'"—an
institution destined, by the operation of the inevita-
ble laws of population, to become extinct?
It would open a vast market for the pork, beef,
and breadstuff's of the northwest. It would furnish
a market for the manufactures of the North; increase
the navigating interest, and give us the control of
the navigation of the Gulf of Mexico—that gulf
out of which the rich productions of our western
valleys must find their way to market. It would
give us a position of incalculable advantage in a
military point of view, should our country again
become involved in a war. It would operate in-
juriously upon no section of the Union, unless it be
the cotton and sugar regions of the South. It
would undoubtedly diminish the value of their lands,
by throwing into competition with them the produc-
tive lands ofTexas.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. R.
Ingersoi.l,] for whom I have a high respect, op-
posed annexation because the country to be acquired
was valueless, swampy, unproductive; and because
the extension of our territory would weaken the
bands which bind the Union together. Texas, it is
said by those who have visited it, presents a large
body of land not inferior to the most productive m
the West. In 1820, when the subject of ceding
Texas to Spain was before this House, Mr. Clay
(who ought to be good authority with my friend)
said:
"All accounts concurred in representing Texas as ex-
tremely valuable. * * Ihe climate was delicious,
the soil fertile; the margins of the rivers abounding in live-
oak, and the country admitting of easy settlement. *
Our colonies are united to, and form a part of, our conti-
nent; and the same Mississippi from whose rich deposite the
best of them (Louisiana) has been formed, will transport on
her bosom the brave, the patriotic men from her tributary
streams to defend and preserve the next most valuable—the
province of Texas He was not disposed to disparage Florida,
but its intrinsic value has incomparably leas than that of Tex-
as."
But the extension of our territory will render the
Union less secure! Will the history of the past sus-
tain the gentleman in this allegation? At the time
of the adoption of the federal constitution we had
but thirteen States; we have gone on adding new
ones until now we have twenty-six States; and is the
Union less strong to-day than at that time? Will
gentlemen tell me that the new States which have
been added to the confederacy are less attached to
the Union than the old thirteen? Sir, there have
been threats made to dissolve the Union—to tear
down the temple erected upon the blood of
our fathers; but from whence do they come?
From a portion of the old thirteen. Not a
threat bas been heurd in the West. In that
section the inhabitants are devotedly attached
to the Union, and they will be found among the last
to abandon it. No, sir; the extension of our terri-
toi v will produce no such effect. The sa*ie argu-
ments now urged by the gentleman were presented
here in 1793, when it was proposed to send out
Gen. Wayne to £ri\e protection to the few white set-
tlers northwest of the Ohio river. Gentlemen then
said, as (he member from Pennsylvania now does,
that the extension of our territoiy would weaken
the Union, and that the country was not worth a
contest with the Indians. But, thanks to the pa-
triotism of our ancestors! such counsels did not pre-
vail. General Wayne was despatched, at the head
of a bold and daring soldiery, and the fruits of their
valor are seen in the rich and powerful States of the
Northwest. Even in 1802, when my native State
(Ohio) was admitted into the Union, it was said
that that country was low, flat, swampy, unproduc-
tive, and never would be extensively settled!—that
the God of nature designed it for the abiding place
of the red man and the wild beasts of the forest! A
little more than forty years have elapsed, and the
last of the red men have disappeared from the lim-
its of our State. Under the enterprise and indus-
try of our pioneer fathers, "the wilderness has been
made to bloom and blossom as the rose." Ohio is
now the third State in the Union. Eighteen hun-
dred thousand people are enjoying the blessings of
liberty, where, forty years ago, the savage wander-
ed undisturbed. Colleges and universities have
been erected, where, but a few years ago, the sav-
age wigwam stood, or the eouncil fire was kindled.
In all the refinements of civilized life, in all that en-
nobles human nature, and elevates man in the scale
of social being, Ohio stands among the foremost
States of the Union. Extend your democratic in-
stitutions over Texas—bring her back into the
American family,—and who shall estimate the
strength and power of the States to be carved out of
that territory fifty years hence? No; there was no
danger from extending the area of freedom. You
may go on adding State after State to the Union,
and the government will become stronger from each
acquisition.
I am aware that the dissolution of the Union has
been threatened if Texas is annexed to this govern-
ment; but these threats should pass by us as the
idle wind. In 1803, when Mr. Jefferson purchased
this territory, the same threats were made; but that
sagacious statesman heeded them not. They were
renewed in 1811, when the act admitting Louisiana
as a State was pending. On that occasion Mr.
duincy, a member from Massachusetts, said:
"If this bill passes it is my deliberate opinion that it is vir-
tually a dissolution of the Union; tkat it will free the States
from their moral obligations; and that as it will then be the
right of all, so it will be the duty of some, to prepare for a
separation—amicably of they can—forcibly if they must."
The same language has been used in the same
section of the "Union during the pendency of this
question. I have no fears of the execution of these
threats. The Union will continue to exist and dis-
pense its blessings over our happy country long
after these fanatics shall have sunk into oblivion ana
been forgotten forever.
It has been said that our object in consummating
this annexation was to dissolve the Union. I have
nothing to do with the motives of the negotiators; but
who, let me ask, stands prominent in the support of
this measure? The man of the Hermitage—tne gal-
lant hero of New Orleans, Andrew Jackson; a
name associated with the history of the republic for
the last thirty years. He has invoked his country-
men to come up to the support of this measure;
his patriotic voice has been heard time and again
urging his fellow-citizens to accomplish this great
work speedily. Standing upon the verge of the
grave, and about to pass to that bourne whence no
traveller returns, he tells his cauntrymen, whom he
served so long and faithfully, that
"The present golden moment te obtain Texas must not be
lost, or Texas must from necessity be thrown into the arms
of England, and be forever lost to the United States."
This is the language of one whose whole life has
shown his devotion to the Union> And am I to be
told that this old chieftain now stands with a brand
in his hand, and about to burn down the temple of
American liberty? That he seeks to dissolve the
Uuion cemented with the blood of our fathers? No,
sir, no; none but a madman would entertain such a
thought. And who has become the especial friend
of the Union? Who stays the arm of the old hero?
Daniel Webster of Massachusetts! He who voted
against appropriations to prosecute the war of 1812,
in which Jackson was engaged; he whose whole
life has shown that not a single drop of American
blood runs in his veins. Daniel Webster the de-
fender of our liberties! God save the republic, if ife
has fallen into the hands of such men.
It is also said by gentlemen on the other side that
annexation will provoke a war with Mexico, in
which she will be backed b\ England. I am no ad-
vocate for war. I would do all that honor pernvts
to avoid it; but war, with all its horro.rs, is far pref-
erable to disgraceful submission. I would rather
see this beloved country of ours involved in all the
horrors of a bloody and desolating war—I wonld
rather see the American soil drenched with the
blood of our own people, than see the national hon-
or tarnished by tamely yielding to the dictation of
a foreign power. No; if we are involved in a war
in attempting to bring back into the American family
those who have been unfortunately exiled from it—
if the extending our free institutions over a ierritory
which once belonged to us, and the possession of
which is essential to our security and prosperity,
involves us in a war, let it come. Ay, sir, let it
