Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Yancey.
H. of Reps.
having been effected by a power which had no right
to receive them, they were not at this hour lawfully
within the Union. Directly in connection with this
clause respecting the admisssion of new States, came
another which went to unlock the intention of the
framers of the constitution. And what was that?
It was, that Congress should have power to make
all rules and regulations which might be needful for
disposing of the territory of the United States. How
was it that those patriots found it necessary to con-
fer^this power, and yet not to say a word about the
acquisition of foreign territory. Here was the prop-
er place to insert it, and yet not a word was said
about it. Surely the one power was as important as
the other.
If to dispose of territory belonging to the United
States was a matter of so much interest as to induce
the framers of the constitution to grant the power to
Congress to make rules needful thereto, was it not
equally necessary to confer the power on Congress
to make rules needful to the acquisition of territory?
Are not rules as necessary in the one case as in the
other? Is not the act of acquiring foreign territory
as high and important an act as the disposing of
territory belonging to us? If the power now claimed
to belong to Congress was intended to be conferred,
here, I repeat, was the place in the constitution to
insert it. The subjects are nearly allied; rules in
the one case are as necessary as in the other; and
the express authority to make rules in the one, when
nothing is said about them in the other, creates a
strong, and, to my mind, a conclusive presumption
that the power to acquire foreign territory was not
granted.
Mr. Chairman, the friends of annexation, or some
of them, assert that there is no doubt of the exist-
ence of the power to annex Texas. If this ques-
tion be so clear, whence arise the various plans
which have been proposed' Surely, if the power
was so clear, the manner of doing it would not be
so difficult to be discovered, as the various plans
which have been offered indicate. The admission
of a new State, the territory whereof is within the
limits of the United States, is plain and simple. If the
power here contended for existed, I do not perceive
why there should be any more difficulty in admit-
ting Texas as a new State than there would be in
admitting Iowa. If the power was beyond doubt,
there would be scarcely any disagreement amongst
the friends of annexation. Certainly there would not
be such a variety of modes—some asserting that it
can be done only by bringing it in as a State, and
others as a Territory. This shows that the power
is doubtful. And it always has been a cardinal
principle with the democratic party to abstain from
the exercise of doubtful powers. If the power
of Congress was so plain and obvious, why had
the treaty-making power been first applied to? How
happened it that until the treaty failed, by the non-
concurrence of two-thirds of the Senate, or until it
was apprehended that the treaty would not be rati-
fied, the power, which it is asserted so clearly be~
longs to Congress, was only thought of? 1 think
there was but one opinion among the democratic
party at the last session, that the annexation of
Texas by treaty was constitutional. Surely, this
very important and high power does not belong as
well to the treaty-making power as to Congress.
We know, and we have been told in this debate,
that the constitution was framed with great care and
wisdom. It would not seem to comport with the
eminent wisdom of the framers of the constitution,
in which an appropriate distribution of power was
manifestly intended, to say that this power belongs
to two distinct branches of the government—
that the annexation of of Texas, or acquisition
of any other foreign territory, was a power
which might be exercised by Congress or by the
President and the Senate. This would certainly be
unwise. It would inevitably produce conflict be-
tween the two departments of the government.
This it was a leading object in the formation of the
constitution to avoid; and hence that careful dis-
tribution of powers to be found in it. It is of the
highest importance that the departments of govern-
ment be kept separate, and that the functions of
one shall not be pei formed by the other. And, to
confer upon two departments the power to do the
same thing, would destroy the marks and the lines
of division, and produce confusion. If, then, what
is now proposed to be done by Congress could have
been done by the treaty-making power, it does not
belong to Congress.
This is a treaty. The calling it a joint resolution,
or anything eises does not make it the less a treaty.
It has all the characteristics of a treaty. The par-
ties to it are two sovereign States. The Object in-
tended to be effected is to be done by the mutual
consent and agreement of both, and it is made for
the public welfare of both. Vattel defines a treaty
to be "a pact made with a view to the public welfare
by the superior power, either for perpetuity or for a
considerable tinte." It will be difficult to point out
in what the proposition before the commiitee differs
from that which Yattel here defines. \v as not that
a treaty by which the territory of Louisiana Was
acquired? Certainly. Wherein does it differ from
what is now proposed to be done? The parties
were sovereign States, and thfe object was the same.
But I have heard it said this cannot be a treaty, be-
cause one of the contracting parties ceases to be as
soon as the treaty is perfected. This is the effect
of the treaty. It might be urged that a sovereign
State had not the power to incorporate itself with
another. Its capacity to merge its existence into
that of another might be questioned. But if this
capacity be admitted, and that by voluntary act, it is
not perceived how the effect of what is done changes
the character and nature of the mode of doing it.
The question here is, not what may a sovereign na-
tion do, but what is that by which it is done. The
advocates of annexation cannot deny to Texas the
capacity of merging her existence into that of the
Union. They cannot deny that she may do this
by a voluntary act. To deny either would de-
troy their measure. The superior fitness of the
treaty-making power to do what is here pro-
posed to be done by Congress, may be aptly
urged in support of the position that this is
a treaty. An agreement between two na-
tions is proposed in reference to a matter of the
h ghest importance to one, if not to both. This ne-
cessarily requires an interchange of views and con-
tinued negotiation, for which the Congress is most
inaptly constituted. This is very manifest; and if
there is that eminent wisdom displayed in the form-
ation of our constitution for which it is so much cel-
ebrated, the power now asserted to belong to Con-
gress would, we are led to believe, be found in the
treaty-making power. Here it can best and most
safely be lodged.
If gentlemen were asked to define a treaty, their
definition, 1 am induced to think, would be a defini-
tion of what it is proposed to do here. At page 155
of Vattel's Law of Nations, we find this section:
"When a nation is not capable of preserving itself from
insult and oppression, it may procure the protection of a
more powerful State. If it obtains, this by only engaging to
peifotm certain articles, by paying tribute, as an acknowl-
edgment lor the safety obtained; by furnishing its protector
with troops, and rendering all the wars between cach aeom-
mon cause—in all other respects reserving to itself the pre-
rogatives of government, at its pleasure, it is a simple treaty
of protection," &c.
Again, on the same page of the same author, we
find the following:
"But they sometimes proceed much further; and, as a na-
tion is under an obligation to pieserve with the utmost care
the liberty and independence derived from nature, when it
has not sufficient strength of itself, and is not in a condition
to resist its enemies, it may lawltilly submit to a more pow-
erful nation on ccrtain conditions, upon which they shall
comc to an agreement, and the pact or treaty of submission
will be afterwards the measure and lule of the rights of
each."
The same author continues:
"This submission may be varied to infinity, according to
the will oftlie contracting parties; it may either leave the
inferior nation a part of the sovereignty, restraining it only
in certain respects; or it may totally abolish it, so that the
superior nation shall become the sovereign of the other; or,
in short, the least may be incorporated with the greatest,
in order to l'orm from thenceforward only one single
State, and then the citizens will have the same privileges
as those with whom they are united."
Here this author, who is of high authority on the
law of nations, states, as national law, that an infe-
rior State may be incorporated with a superior one,
in order to form thenceforward only one single
State, and that then the citizens of the inferior State
will have the same privileges as those with whom
they are united. This is the identical thing which
Congress is now asked to do. Texas, the inferior
State, is sought to be incorporated with the Union,
the superior one; and the citizens of both, after the
incorporation, to have the same privileges. How
does Vattel say this is to be done? and what is that
by which he says it is to be done? By a treaty.
The constitution empowers the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to make
treaties, provided two-thirds of the senators present
concur. To make treaties, sir—not to make this or
that treaty, orthisorthatkind oftreaty, butgenerally
to make treaties. We know, and we have been in-
formed from a high source, that the constitution
was made with the utmost care; that no useless
word was retained nor necessary one omitted. The
taen who formed it understood the language they
adopted, and understood it as it was understood by
standard writers. If they rased a municipal law
term, they intended it to import in the constitution the
sense which standard writers on such law ascribed
to it. If they used a national law term, they intend-
ed it to import in the constitution the sense in which
it was used and understood by standard writers on
national law. And when they used the term.treaty,
they intended it to impart what Vattel ascribed to it
in the passages to which I have referred. They
intended it to mean that act by which an inferior
State, voluntarily and by consent, incorporates itself
with a greater one, in order to form from thencefor-
ward only one single State, and the citizens of both
to have the same privileges. They intended it to
mean what it is now proposed to do by joint reso-
lution: and which Congress cannot do without pal-
pably violating the constitution, and usurping a
power expressly granted td another department ot
the government.
This question of constitutional power is far more
important than any other involved m this discussion.
Others of great value have been introduced; but when
they are compared with that of preserving the land-
marks of the respective spheres of the different de-
partments of the government, they dwindle to small
things. Who can tell what treaty Congress may
not make in the shape of a joint resolution, if they
make that of the annexation of Texas? Where is
the line to be drawn? Depart but once from the,
clear position of doing no act which the established
meaning of the term "treaty" embraces, and all the
boundaries of the power of Congress and the treaty-
tiiaking power on the subject of treaties are lost in
obscurity. Then a time may come and a question
may arise about which a conflict between the two
departments will take place, and who will or can
decide? They are co-ordinate. Suppose now that
the President and Senate would revive the late treaty
of annexation, and finally execute it; and Congress,
acting on the ground that the treaty was void because
it was not made by them, would refuse the necessary
appropriations. The executive had pledged the faith
of the nation to Texas; Texas demanded it to be
preserved inviolate, and Congress adhered to its re-
fusal. This ought never, can n'Pyer occur, if the
constitution be observed.
SPEECH OF ME. YANCEY,
of alabama,
In the House of Representatives, January 7, 1845—On
the annexation of Texas, the House being in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and having under consideration the joint
resolution reported by the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, for the annexation of Texas to the United
States, Mr. Hopkins in the chair.
Mr. YANCEY commenced by expressing a sin-
cere regret, that between the great political pantes
which had for a half century divided our people,
and which must ever exist under a free and popular
government, animosities had been engendered, pre-
judices had been formed, and acrimonies had been
given birth to, which had become so deeply seated
in the public mind, that what might otherwise have
proven a blessing to our government, by tending to
guard and preserve its purity, had, in fact, become
its bane. Instead of estimating measures by their
bearing upon the great interests of the-country,
there were but too many who tested them simply
by their contemplated effect upon parly. That spirit,
he lamented to see, had crept into this hall. Men
of eminence and ability had given it countenance;
and when, a short time since, he had obtained the
floor, in the Committee of the Whole, when the
sub-treasury bill was under consideration, he had
designed (but was prevented by sudden and severe
illness) to have expressed his deep and unfeigned
regret, that the gentleman from Ohio. TMr.
Schenck,] who had preceded him in that debate,
distinguished as he was in the possession of a keen
and searching intellect, brilliant powers of sarcasm
and wit, so rich a diction, and such varied accom-
plishments, should have lent himself to lower tt«:
character of an American representative, winch
he appeared so well able to dignify mid adurn.
The inevitable consequence of the |"<vjctrce 01
such a spirit, to which he had uliuuc!, was tiw
we were fast becoming, if we had not .uwtdv b6-
