86
28th Cong 2d Sess.
ty, as a betrayer of the trust which had been re-
posed in las hands. But I do confess to some as-
tonishment, when I heard even that representative
exulting in his triumph over those brother repre-
sentatives from the South, whose most strenuous
efforts had not been able to retain the 25th rule,
which prohibited the presentation of abolition peti-
iions;and attributing to their silence, on its repeal,
motives wliicn every honorable man amongst them
spurns with scorn, and which could only have found
prompting in the heart of one who had given a stab
to the institutions of hjs own land, and wears the
garb of its enemy.
[Mr. Clixgmax here rose and wished to explain.]
I wish no explanations from the representative
from North Carolina. Explanations elsewhere.
Such an exulting cry over our failure to retain this
one barrier erected for the preservatio# of our prop-
erly uii inguiuuons, is an wsult to us in our defeat,
come, a nation of embittered partisans, instead of
enlightened and generous freemen. It is under the
influence of convictions like these, (continued Mr.
!' lha1t 1 reJ0i« that a great national question has
at length presented itself, which, by its towering
greatness, overtops all minor issues—which is so
well calculated to purify and elevate the national
heart—to call into requisition the nobler qualities of
our nature—to create high hopes—to crush beneath
its lofty patriotism and undoubted wisdom the con-
temptible machinations of the mere politician—to
rebuke the sordid and groveling propensities of
those who know, and feel, and appreciate no impulse
but such as draws them irresistibly—mere bubbles
dancing m the wake of party! That question was
the proposed annexation of Texas to the Union—a
question so purely American, and addressing itself
so directly to ths honor, and to the great interests of
the entire republic, that it seems to me, Mr. Chair-
man, that all party feuds should be hushed upon its
announcement. Every party, and every adminis-
tration for the last twenty years, has so hailed it.
Like that mysterious star which of old drew the
shepherds' attention from their lowly pursuits to
the spot where the Saviour of the world lay ban-
daged m his swaddling clothes, is this question now
culminating over an infant republic, appealing to us
as freemen, and as patriots, to forego our petty
wrangling—to arise and accomplish in harmony the
great destiny to which our principles have devoted
us—the spread of the blessings of civilized freedom.
And this appeal has not been in vain. I thank
God that there are still amongst us men whose
hearts bounded with renewed vigor at the first flut-
ter of such a banner; and who, like the ancient
Jews, when from the great temple the sacred trum-
pet sounded "toarms !" forgot their intestine broils,
and girded themselves for their country and her
cause. There are others, sir, who, though still par-
tisans, yet have respected the dignity of the ques-
tion sufficiently to discuss it in a statesmanlike man-
ner. Not so, however, the representative from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman.] With him, the
extension of our institutions—the immense effect,
for weal or wo, to be produced upon our commer-
cial, manufacturing, agricultural, and planting inte-
rests, by this momentous measure—its great bear-
ing upon our military idefences—its effect upon
the institution of slavery—its consequences upon
the fate of the federal Union, all of which are now
engaging the diplomatic abilities, and attracting the
anxious attention of the great and good of two im-
mense continents—have not had sufficient interest
or dignity to draw his intellect, or his passions,
from any erudite research into the causes why
"Capt. Rynders" visited the White House on a
certain day—why that individual dined with anoth-
er upon another day—why the sailors of the ship
"North Carolina" voted in the 7th ward of the city
of New York, and not in the city of Brooklyn ! 
for such were some of the themes expatiated upon
by that representative in a debate upon a question
which was agitating this entire Union, and which,
more than any other which had been started amongst
us during the past half century, was calculated to
arouse the dormant energies of the patriot.
We are in the habit, Mr. Chairman, of forming
estimates of persons whom we have never seen, by
what we read of their productions, or hear others
say of them. I had formed such an estimate of the
representative from North Carolina, and was not,
therefore, astonished at this expose of his head and
heart. In that portion of the Union I have the
honor to represent, that representative is looked up-
on, almost without asolitary exception in either par-
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL 6LOBE.
Annexation of Texas-
-Mr. Yancey.
which merits thescorn and execration of every hon-
est heart m the South.
fT6", 1 est'mate of that representative
which I had, sir, I again confess to much surprise
when I heard him give an account, with much ap-
parent glee of what he termed the dishonesty of X>
Senate of North Carolina. Upon the merits of that
case I can pass no verdict. fsut if it were as rep-
resented, would not a trury honorable heart and
high-toned intellect have shrunk from an unneces-
sary exposure of the disgrace of his native State
wisdom nf tK ***' rePrcTsc"ted> before the assembled
wisdom of the nation? It has been said that the wild
deer of the western prairie will turn and gore a
wounded companion to death. Eut that is the
instinct of a brute; for man shrinks from laying
bare the failings of his family to the gaze of a cen-
sorious world. Sach an unwelcome task, if needs
be it must be performed, should at least be left to
other hands. And well might North Carolina, thus
wounded by one of her native sons, exclaim, with
the railing Caesar, "El tu Brute!" I shall pass no sen-
tence upon him; I sliall not undertake to pronounce
what conduct like this deserves; but the Bible (if
ever that representative reads such a book) might
teach him the fete of one who forgot what was due
to himself and to his family. Let him turn to that
portion which tells us of the patriarch Noah, betray-
ed in an unguarded hour, by too free an indulgence
in the use of wine, and lying exposed in his tent.
One of his sons saw his parent's shame, and went
forth and ridiculed the spectacle before his brothers.
In silence they took a mantle, and, with averted
face, approached their prostrate parent and east it
over him—the broad mantle of filial charity—to cov-
er his shame from too prying eyes. The old man
at length awoke, and having heard what had passed,
gifted with the spirit of prophesy, he arose and pro-
nounced upon him a curse, which has come down
upon his posterity to the latest day, that he and his
children, and children's children, should be the ser-
vant of servants throughout all time. And most fear-
fully has that curse been fulfilled upon the descend-
ants ef Ham, who even now dwell in the tents of
Japhet and Shem, pitched upon these western shores;
proving the stern truths of the Scripture, and
offering an awful lesson to him who dares
forget his filial duties. How the people of North
Carolina will view similar conduct in their represent-
ative, I cannot say; but of this I may feel well as-
sured, had the spirit of that pure and great patriot,
Nathaniel Macon, been hovering in these halls, and
amidst these stately pillars, and had heard a son
of North Carolina utter such language as had
fallen from one of her representatives here, on this
occasion, and that spirit could have been suscepti-
ble of an 'earthly feeling, that feeling would have
been one of the most unmitigated disgust.
I shall be pardoned, then, by the committee, if,
entertaining these views of the character which the
representative from North Carolina has attempted to
give to a debate which otherwise had been eminent-
ly dignified, and worthy of this hall and the sub-
ject, 1 do not follow him into the sinks and purlieus
of party; and shall therefore at once address myself
to the great question before us.
Of the several propositions which have been com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, I am most inclined to vote for that in-
troduced by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Tibbatts.] It more fully meets my constitutional
view of the subject than any other. It conforms to
the very letter, and, what is better, to the very spirit
too, of the constitution of the United States. It
will be remembered that, under the articles of con-
federation, our governmental action was found, and
almost universally acknowledged, to be too restrict-
ed. The powers conferred were too few—too cir-
cumscribed and limited—to give that efficiency, en-
ergy, and scope, to the action of the general gov-
ernment, which the interest of so large a confed-
eracy justly demanded. Gentlemen desirous of as-
certaining the true extent of power conferred upon
Congress by the constitution, enabling it to admit
"new States," should keep this in view in examin-
ing into the history of the article conferring the
power. What is its history? Its root and origin is
to he traced to the 11th article of the articles of con-
federation; it reads thus:
''Canada, acceding to this confederation, and joining in
the measures of the United States, shalt be admitted into, and
entitled to the advantages of, this Union; but no other col-
ony shall tie admitted into the same, unless such admission
be agreed to by nine States."
This article, it will at oncc b« percwyed, was  pe-
H. of fteps.
Of B S: . ,"r .na™°wed down the admission
of a State into the Union by the usual legislative ac-
tion to one solitary State, viz: Canada; yet it had
compass enough to allow the confederation to admit
a foreign State by act of Congress. A convention
however, was called to remedy ths defects alluded
to-and «to form a more perfect Union." That
body framed the constitution under which we now
legislate. Let us note the transformation of the 11th
article of the -articles of the confederacy. By refer-
ence to Elliott's Debates, it will be found that Mr.
Kandolph submitted a series of articles for the con-
sideration of the convention. Amongst them is the
following:
P™Yisio'? ouSht to be made for the admis.
3 s? . dly anslns wlthm the limits of the Uni-
ted States, whether from a voluntary junction of govern-
nnmLan5 teTTitor?' H otherwise, with the consent of a
whole   y01ces ln the national legislature less than the
It will be seen that this proposition narrowed
down, in a still greater degree, the power already
possessed by Congress under the articles of confed-
eration, and proposed that the new government
should not have the power to admit into the Union
a Stare arising out of the then limits of the Union.
Gentlemen contend here, on this question, that Con-
gress can only admit new States "lawfully arising
within the limits of the United States." Here, then,
we find an issue made in the convention on this
very point. Mr. Randolph's proposition contra-
vened the spirit of the Ilth Article already quoted.
That allowed the admission of a foreign State; this
did not. And, moreover, Mr. Randolph's 10th
proposition was opposed to the whole view and pur-
pose of the people in calling the convention and de-
manding a new constitution, which should augment
the powers and enlarge the sphere of action of the
federal government. What, then, was the fate of
Mr. R.'s proposition? The convention refused to
adopt it. On the 6th of August, 1787, a committee
of five, who had been appointed for that purpose,
reported to the convention a draft of a constitution,
The 17th article reads thus:
"New States, lawfully constituted or established within
the limits of the United States, may be admitted by the legis-
lature into this government," &c.
Again, then, we find an attempt made to limit the
power of Congress in admitting new States. The
striking fact stares us in the face that two efforts
were made to do this, and they both failed. This 17th
article was rejected, and, in its stead, breathing the
spirit which dictated the call of the convention, in
plain, strong, unrestricted language, was adopted
the following article in our constitution:
"Sue. 3, Akt. 4. New States may be admitted by the Con-
gress into this Union; but no new State shall be formed or
erected within the jurisdiction of any other State; nor any
State be formed by the junction of two or more States, or
parts of States, without the consent of the legislatures of
the States concerned, as well as ofthe Congress."
Who is he—what is he—that can place any limit
upon the power conferred by that article, save the
good sense of the American people? It is not to be
found in the phraseology, for that is in the broadest
and most general language. It is not to be found in
the history of its adoption, for that tells us that the
original, like the article in the old articles, conferred
a specific power upon Congress to admit one foreign
State, at least, by act; that two propositions to re-
strict the power were rejected, and that finally an ar-
ticle was adopted containing no checks upon the
admission of any foreign State.
The proposition, therefore, of the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Tibbatts] came up to the very
spirit and letter of our constitution, and hence I pre-
fer it. That article which gives us the power,
was wisely adopted for the purpose of affording the
most unbounded means of providing for the com-
mon defence and the general welfare. On the ad-
mission of Texas as a State, by these propositions,
she is to cede to us her territory, precisely as Virginia
and other States had done; and to this no reasonable
objection can be urged. I would say, too, to the friends
of annexation on this floor, that however great may
be individual partialities for some other of the sever-
al projects before us, end however well convinced
many might be that Congress has the power to re-
ceive foreign territory into the Union, (and I enter-
tain no doubt that by a long and subtle train of reas-
oning it "can be logically established,) partialities
should yield to that project most likely to secure
the great end in view, to wit: annexation. No man
can doubt the constitutional power to admit Texas
as a "new State." That feeing so, some such pro-
ject must be united up«i( it effects the groat'end
