Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Gong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Yancey.
H. of lleps..
in a more direct manner, and more in conformity
with the very language of the constitution. The
proposition needs a much shorter train of argu-
ment to prove it, and nothing but sophistry and fal-
lacy can deny it.
Considering the character for intelligence and en-
larged views attributed to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Wintbrop,] I was somewhat sur-
prised when I heard him declare that the federal
constitution was only designed to operate over the
territory held by the people who adopted it. This
surely is too limited a view to be taken of that in-
strument, and of its destined effect upon the world.
I think I have already demonstrated that nothing
but the inexpediency of the admission of a foreign
State checks the power of Congress over the sub-
ject. If it is not so, where do Louisiana, Arkansas,
and Missouri, three of the sovereign States of this
Union, now stand? Are they not within the consti-
tutional limits of the federal Union? And has not
the shield of that glorious instrument "ample room
and verge enough" to cover those young States?
The gentleman from Massachusetts has for years
legislated on this floor upon the rights and interests
of those States—has collected taxes from their citi-
zens—has assumed and exercised jurisdiction over
the vast landed domain within their limits. Whence
did he derive the power and the right to do so, i
not from this very constitution, which he says
is limited in its action to the boundary of the re-
public when it was formed? And yet those
States have been erected out of territory which
was not within that boundary at the time
of its formation. And will he—dare he—■
aver in his place, that those States are unconstitu-
tionally within the limits of the United States? We
are told the limits of the republic were never to be
extended! It is a sentiment, sir, as narrow as the
limits of the State which appears most to have
cherished it. As fur as my memory now serves me,
whenever the boundary lines of this republic have
been drawn in, and its territory dipt and circum-
scribed, it has invariably been under the auspices
and peeuliar direction of Massachusetts statesmen.
Why was this? Was it that their hearts were so
narrow, and views so contracted, that theii sympa-
thies could not reach beyond the precise area of ter-
ritory owned by our fathers at the time they agreed
to form and ordain a constitution, which "should
sccure the blessings of liberty" to themselves and
their "posterity?" Or, rather, does it not arise from
that old federal leaven which yet exists in the heart
of the Commonwealth—which is ever prone to cir-
cumscribe the liberties of mankind-—has an inborn
proclivity towards the bestowal upon "the favored
lew" a monopoly of those inestimable blessings
which God has given alike to all?
If the constitutional point may be considered as
settled, that Congress has the unrestricted right to
admit "new States" into the Union, then, granting
the expediency in this case, the only question to
consider is, will the duties which we owe, in good
faith, to others, permit the annexation? I respect
those who sincerely urge this objection. The honor
of a nation is the brightest jewel it possesses. It
constitutes the main feature of its character; and
should be guarded by its representatives with that
sensitive solicitude and watchfulness with which
they would shield their own as individuals. Briefly,
then, in review of the relations existing, or which
have existed, between the two countries.
I will not argue the question of reannexation; for
on that point reasonable doubts might be, and were
entertained. 1 speak to the simple proposition of
annexing the independent republic of Texas to the
U.iited States. If we annex it, and the country
ever was ours, reannexation takes place, of course:
if it never was ours, the question in this light will
be disembarrassed of a doubtful issue. Antecedent
to the formation of the Mexican confederacy, but
twopowers claimed sovereignty over the province
of Texas, to wit: Spain and the United States. In
1819 the United States ceded whatever rights and
claims it had to Spain. The government of Spain,
however, was prevented from perfecting its title by
the protest of Texas, and the consequent revolution.
After repeated and ineffectual attempts to subdue
that and her other revolted provinces, Spain ac-
knowledged their independence in 1836. These
facts «learly dispose of the title of the only two pow-
ers claiming allegiance of Texas prior to the confed-
eracy formed in 1824. In that year the various re-
volted Spanish provinces in North America joined
in framing the confederacy alluded to, under th$ title
gf "The United Mexican States,"
What was the political condition of Texas on en-
tering that confederacy? The United States had qui-
etly thrown up their claims upon her. Spain was
endeavoring to make good her own by arms; but, as
I have said, afterwards yielded them. Mexico, who
claims sovereignty over her her, then asserted none—
then, in fact, claimed her own freedom at the .point
of the sword—a gem she was wresting by arms from
the crown of Spain. Texas must, then, be consid-
ered as a sovereign in the part she took in join-
ing that confederacy. She entered it an unfetter-
ed power. That confederacy, in all its great lead-
ing features, was similar to our own. It was
composed of sovereign States—giving to the fed-
eral head certain powers, and retaining all else.
In 1834 that confederacy was violently subvert-
ed by a military despotism. The members of the
national Congress were driven from their hall by
force. The rights of various States composing it
were trampled upon, and a central despotism of the
worst character was established upon the ruins of
the constitution of 1824. All this was not done,
however, without a blow struck in its defenct. As
soon as the Texians became aware of the ultimate
designs of the tyrant despot, they assembled and
framed a provisional government—raised the banner
of the confederacy of 1824—invited the citizens of
the States to rally to its defence. Though the fee-
blest in mere number of all those States, the gallant-
ry of the Anglo-Saxon shone conspicuous in their
conduct. So far from going there under the immi-
gration laws of the confederacy for the purpose, as
has been charged, of revolutionizing the country,
those brave men were the nucleus around which loy-
alty and valor were invited to rally in arms for the
constitution and against the Mexican tyrant.
Finding the great mass too spiritless to respond
to their call, and that the constitution of 1824 was
indeed subverted, the Texians looked to their father-
land for example; they, the descendants of the men
of '76, went to the very fountain head of liberty,
and there learned tke right of every people to dis-
solve the hond3 of government, whenever they be-
came subversive of their liberties, and of the pur-
poses for which government was established. They
declared, in solemn form, their independence—took
position as a free and sovereign State—in fact,
were remitted hack to that sovereignty which was
undoubtedly theirs in 1824, and which no act had
since forfeited. Whence, then, arises the claim of
Mexico? It is not to be found in the law of nations.
She has not even that shadow of a claim which arms
can give; never, not for a single moment, has the
present central military government of that coun-
try exercised, within the limits of Texas, a single
legislative act. Not for a moment have its laws
been in force there—not for an instant has its au-
thority been recognised there. Not finding au-
thority for her claim, then, either in possession or
in the constitution of 1824, Mexico can find it no-
where, save ill her oft-repeated declaration of her
determination to conquer Texas. Texas has exhib-
ited, then, to the whole world, for the past eight
years, the spectacle of an independent State—quiet-
ly and harmoniously governed by the people—elect-
ing her own officers—enacting her own laws—form-
ing treaties with the various powers of the world—.
as the highest of all acts of acknowledged sover-
eignty, treating as to boundaries, and recognised by
the great nations of the earth as an independent sov-
ereignty. As a sovereign, she has a right to form
alliances; and, of course, to ally herself with this
government, unless we are estopped from so doing
by a treaty of amity and commerce now existing
with Mexico.
Our next inquiry, therefore, should be, whether
annexation would be an infringement of that treaty,
and would justly interfere with a state of amity be-
tween ours and the Mexican government. I hold
that it most clearly would not; and for this reason,
that Mexico can urge no title that would be hazard-
ed by the act. And the only contingency under
which we would be forbidden to join to our own
the destinies of Texas, was the existence of a war,
actually in progress between Mexico and Texas. If
such a state of things existed, I confess, however
unjust and improper might be the design of Mexi-
co, we could not ally ourselves with Texas in the
way proposed, without making ourselves a party to
the war. But is there such a war? Could it be
maintained that a war was now, or had been for
eight years past, in progress between those two
powers? There has been, as all will admit, no mil-
itary invasion of, or other act of acknowledged na-
tional hostility toy Texas, authorized by ike govern-'
ment of Mexico since the memorable battle of San
Jacinto. True, there have been some forays—some
predatory incursions over the borders, in which
women and children "were brutally murdered,
churches desecrated, and courts of justice broken
up and robbed of their records. Butgentlemen will
not dignify such proceedings as war; they were
rather the acts of robber-hands, which, under the
law of national comity, would have rightfully sub-
jected the perpetrators, if caught, to the punishment
of death. That was not war in which the Mex-
ican partisan had never seen or daied to look
upon a Texian banner, or the gleam of a Texian
bayonet. And further: Mexico, so far from being
in a condition to achieve this much desired conquest,
was not able to preserve the tottering fabric of her
own government from domestic violence. To carry
on such a war as would be notice to the "World 1)
abstain from interference, there must not be a dec-
laration of such intent merely, but an ability to
prosecute, and a prosecution of it. But Mexico
had neither; she was rent and torn with the most
unhappy intestine broils; and this very morning in-
telligence has reached this city that Santa Anna had
been deposed, and a decree of banishment issued
against him. Mexico, then, was r.ot only not at
war, but had not the ability to carry on a single
campaign against her young neighbor. As the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs well
said, the best and chiefest sinew of war is motley,
and this sinew Mexico did not possess. Her treas-
ury robbed and despoiled by her own officers, and
her soldiery arrayed against each other in deadly
civil strife, she exhibited the spectacle of a revenge-
ful, but dying and impotent tyrant. A paper war,
then, is all that exists to deter us in our movements;
and does honor, law, or reason, call upon us to
pause even in securing to ourselves a great national
good under such circumstances? I contend that they
do not make the call. A paper declaration of intent
to war was no more to be regarded by the other na-
tions of the world than a paper blockade. It never
has been contended that a mere declaration by one
power that a certain port of another should be put
under blockade, unsupported by a military or naval
force, was of the least binding force upon other na-
tions having friendly relations. The law of nations,
(universally admitted to be so,) and the common
sense of mankind, requires that the means of en-
forcing the blockade should be used, or it was a
nullity in t*ie eyes of the world. And is there
such a difference between the two cases as to re-
quire argument to £how that the same great princi-
ples apply in both? I will not insult the under-
standing of the gentlemen of the committee by
thinking so.
If, then, annexation is not forbidden by the con-
stitution, nor prohibited by regard for national
honor, what should prevent the immediate consum-
mation of so desirable an event? an event which had
been steadily pursued as a favonte object of our
diplomatic policy for the last twenty yeais and odd,
and through the agency of some'of our most dis-
tinguished statesmen; and which has ever com-
manded the public approbation. The venerable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adi*";.]
when representing this Union in the presidential
chair, had pursued this cherished policy as vigo-
rously as any. The distinguished head of the pres-
ent whig party, Mr. Clay, then Secretary of State,
had exhibited the most urgent desire for"its attain-
ment; and indeed, Mr. Chairmen, if there was any
one act of the administration of 1825 and 1827 cal-
culated to relieve it in the least degree from the odi-
um which almost universally rests upon it, on ac-
count of its being surreptitiously palmed upon the
American people, it was the ardor and the ability
displayed by it in its efforts to annex Texas to this
Union. Andrew Jackson, too, true to the honor
and interests of the country, pushed the matter with
vigor, under two successive Secretaries of State.
John Tyler, following in the footsteps of his illus-
trious predecessors, and taking wise advantage of
providential circumstances, has again pressed the
policy of annexation, never for a moment intermit-
ted; and, at once, around, below, (but ftot above
him,) are heard the hounds of party: while, envious
of his fortune in being placed in a position more
fortunate than his predecessors, to accomplish this
great end, its heretofore most energetic and ardent
supporters abandon their high ground, to join the
smaller curs who bay at him.. In this h'all,
honorable gentlement insult the chief magistrate
as an "accidental President," who "v.is not the
ohoice'ofthepeoplcj,vatl(3/who had urged thi* pro-
