88
28th Cong 2d Sjsss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Yancey.
Jan. 1845.
ject with impure and "selfish views." Ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wistthrop,]
who made these remarks, who he voted for in 1840,
and he will answer "Harrison and Tyler." And
when-he gave the vote, did he not know that if it
should please Providence to remove Gen. Harrison
by death, Mr. Tyler would succeed to the high
station by the provisions of the constitution? It
would be great disparagement to that gentleman to
doubt it. Was the death of General Harrison an
accident' Pid the gentleman hold that an event of
that magnitude had not passed under the eye of an
all-seeing and controlling Omnipotence—an Omnipo-
tence that notes the fall of a sparrow? A Winthrop
deny the providence of God! No, sir. He will
not, dare not, deny it. Were he to do so, his ven-
erable Puritan ancestry would burst the cerements
of the tomb, to rise and upbraid their recreant son.
The death of General Harrison was no accident.
It occurred by the fiat of that Divine Ruler whose
ways are not as our ways; and Mr. Tyler succeeded
to the presidency, not an "accidental" but a provi-
dential and constitutional President, As to his
motives in pursuing a long-pursued policy of the
government, the gentleman from Massachusetts has
keener eyes than mine, if he can dive into the se-
crets of the heart that,moved this measure. The
act savors well for the good of the country; and I do
not envy that gentleman the privilege, assumed to
himself, of sitting in judgment upon tjie motives of
another. I have ever been taught the opinion that
such a task was unfit for frail man, and that it
peculiarly belonged to a higher—a more awful
tribunal.
It has been said that, in pressing this matter, we
would take "a snap judgment"—we would "get the
start of the American people." Sir, it is well known
to every individual within the sound of my voice,
that the American masses have moved upon this
question long before it came into this hall. But it
was only when the Senate of the United States
most unaccountably, and to the astonishment of the
whole world, rejected the treaty, that the people
aroused themselves from a confidence and quiet pro-
duced by the absolute wisdom and propriety of a
measure which they had every reason to believe
would command now, as heretofore, an American
support, and that they began to move and speak in
thunder tone3—tones which caused many a heart to
quake—whose reverberations shook, from
"Battlement to foundation stone/' *
that immense fabric of power—the whig party of
1840—and which have not yet died away. This,
more than any other agency, produced that revolution
in the party tactics—in the party discipline—in the
party leaders of the democracy, which has so aston-
ished and amazed their opponents; and the true wis-
dom of which, though demonstrated by a magnifi-
cent result, their opponents cannot yet understand.
This, more than anything else, it was which gave
life, renewed energy and power, to old and stale is-
sues. It was the moving spirit of the day and hour,
and it cannot be without power to teach a wise and
lasting lesson to an attentive and thinking observer
of any party.
The reason for this stirring of the deep fountains
of the popular heart are obvious. No great national
measure ever presented, in such bold relief, so many
and such varied inducements to so many and such
varied interests. It is evident that the soil and climate
of Texas will give such direction to the industry of
its citizens, that the manufacturer, whether of cot-
ton, hemp, wool, iron, leather, or wood, will find
there a near and valuable home market, with a
prospective rapidity of increase, which certainly will
not fall behind that exhibited within late years by
the West and Southwest. The great forest interest
will be largely benefited, owing to the known scar-
city of timber upon those vast praries; while the im-
mense and valuable provision and stock-raising in-
terest will feed the millions who will immigrate to
those fertile lowlands, and employ their labor in the
cultivation of great tropical staples, it will protect,
too, the cotton and sugar cultivation from an inim-
ical rivalry, which mignt, and probably would, be
encouraged by our great commercial antagonist.
Such are some of the considerations which ad-
dress themselves with force to individual interests.
There are others, not less powerful m the estima-
tion of a true American heart, of a national char-
acter. The annexation of that region will complete
what some of the clearest heads in the Union think
was originally ours, the magnificent valley of the
Mississippi—will give us command of the sources
H. of Reps.
and entire navigation of several of its largest and
most valuable streams—will geatly lengthen our
share of the Gulf coast, and, of course, increase the
the number of harbors necessary to the successful
prosecution of the vast commerce of our western
regions—will secure to us more natural boundaries,
which can be defended with more ease and less
expense; and, what must strike a chord of sym-
pathy in every bosom, will extend our noble institu-
tions over a gallant arid kindred yeople, who yearn
to resume their place beneath the aegis of the Amer-
ican arms.
To motives and considerations such as these,
what is opposed by the anti-annexationists? The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop]
had disclosed the reason, if it was ever attempted to
be disguised before—"it will give a perpetual guaranty
to slavery!"
Ay, there's the rub! A dread—a fear, disguised
under the garb of humanity, that annexation will
benefit the southern section of the Union. I see, in
all this, an unmanly shrinking from the responsi-
bilities imposed by the constitution—a cowardly de-
sire to weaken the slaveholding section by every
means which perverted talent can devise—a dastard-
ly envy of a prosperity which still struggles upward
in spite of the load which an unconstitutional restric-
tive legislation has bound upon it.
Theenemies of annexation, not only at the North,
but a large portion of them at the South, had assail-
ed it upon the ground that it had been placed by the
negotiators upon the part of our government upon
the issue of slavery. The Secretary of State, who
now fills that department with such distinguished
ability, had been made the mark for many a po-
litical shaft because he had the nerve to place the
matter, between this government and England, on
its true basis, the transcendent genius to invest it
with unanswerable argument, and thus to deserve
the thanks of the enlightened and patriotic of the
day. That eminent statesman had abundant
cause furnished for his course, not only by for-
eign diplomacy, but by intestine agitators. If
the issue is one to be deprecated, it has been
made but in defence of a national institution
against the attacks of the abolitionists of the North
and of the government of Great Britain. I say the
issue has been forced upon the Secretary. In 1838,
while a project of annexation was being discussed in
Congress, the gentleman over the way, from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] made a speech in opposi-
tion, running through some three or four days,
placing the ground of his objection upon slavery.
In the spring of 1843, that same gentleman, with
several other members of Congress, issued a circu-
far to the "free States," anticipating an annexation
treaty; and urging slavery as an objection to it; and
declaring that if Texas should be annexed the Union
ought to be, and should be dissolved! The piercing
eye of fanaticism saw it coming—the keen scent of
abolition had snuffed it in the gale—and yet no
treaty had been framed—no correspondence existed
offering this issue. No. The issue, as far as do-
mestic matters could effect it, was already made by
the opponents of annexation, when Mr. Calhoun
took the office of Secretary of State But most of
all, this issue was pressed upon our government by
her Majesty'sprineipal Secretary of State for Foreign
Affairs. In a despatch made by Mr. Everett to the
Secretary of State, under date of "London, Novem-
ber 3, 1843," Mr. Everett says that Lord Aberdeen
expressed himself thus: "that it was most true that
he was on that, as on all other occasions, desirous to
be understood as wishing the abolition of slavery
wherever it exists—that this was a sentiment, with
reference to which England was of one mind." Up-
on the 26th February, 1844, Mr. Pakenham, by or-
der of Lord Aberdeen, communicated, officially, to
the Secretary of State that, "with regard to the
latter point, it must be, and is, well known both to
the United States and the whole world, that Great
Britain is constantly exerting herself to procure the
general abolition of slavery throughout the whole
world," &c. "With regard to Texas, we avow
that we wish to sec slavery abolished there as else-
where&c. These communications were made to
Mr. Upshur, the then Secretary of State. An aw-
ful calamity removed him in the midst of his use-
fulness, before he had answered the communication
of Lord Aberdeen. Mr. Calhoun, taking the sta-
tion thus vacated, was called upon to answer that
communication. ' There is not a line in it that does
not bear directly upon the question of slavery; and
portions speak of it as existing in the slaveholding
States of this Union. The secretary, under date of
"April 18, 1844," gave the conclusive reply, which,
falling with the crushing force of a thunderbolt Up-
on the cobweb positions of both foreign and native
abolitionists, has drawn down upon him this fire as
to the false iss_ue made by him! Sir, the false issue
was made by others—the true issue was placed be-
fore the country by Mr. Calhoun. The question
placed before him was between constitutional slavery
and factious abolition—between the republic of the
United States and Great Britain; and he met.it as one
who knew his duty, and dared to do it. Fanati-
cism, avarice, and commercial ambition, had com-
bined against the constitution, the South, and our
national prosperity. The secretary struck at the
keystone of the arch, and has most eminently tri-
umphed.
I spoke of the duty of that officer. An institution
had been assailed which the federal constitution di-
rectly recognises, both in its organic formation and
in the duties it imposes. The second section of the
first article of the constitution bases representative
power not only upon the numbers of free persons,
but of slaves also; while article 4, section 2, makes
it obligatory upon sister States to deliver up a slave
if he escape from one to another State. That sa-
cred bond of union does not recognise slavery as a
southern or as a sectional institution, but as a na-
tional one. It was to be confined to no one spot. Its
existence was recognised and provided for in Mas-
sachusetts as well as in Georgia—the two extremes
of the Union. That constitution would protect
Maine at this day in rights based upon slave prop-
erty, if that State chose to own it; and it throws its
shield around Louisiana in the enjoyment of the
same rights. And if that species of population m
any State should rise in arms, the 4th section of the
4th article secures to it the protection of the armies
of the Union. Is not slavery, then, a national insti-
tution? And if so, was it not the duty of the Sec-
retary of State to resist an improper interference, di-
rectly or indirectly, by any foreign power? And
when he sounded the note of warning, should it not
have excited the patriotic ardor of all our citizens,
instead of the fierce, bitter, and vulgar denunciations
with which it has been met? Truly did the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,] ob-
serve, that "some seem disposed to forget the hon-
or, the happiness, and prosperity of their own
country, and to fly off to indulge m sympathies for
a foreign land;" and that remark could never be
more appropriately applied than to the distinguished
fellow-citizen of that gentleman, who, in a recent
letter to Miss Thaxter, said that it remained to be
seen whether the august and powerful government
of England would turn aside from her purposes on
account of such puny threats as ours!
Having thus given expression to my own views
upon the point on which the Secretary of State has
been assailed, I ask the indulgence of the committee
while I address myself to the reasons why Great
Britain is so desirous of affecting abolition of our
slave property.
The statistical history of the world has demon-
strated the immense superiority of a system of asso-
ciated slave labor over free individual labor in every
species of tropical cultivation; while those regions
are now, as of old, the great sources of commercial
wealth and grandeur to the civilized nations of the
temperate zone. To them enlarged commercial en-
terprises are directed; and it is to the capacity of
their inhabitants to consume the productions of the
older civilized States that industry must look for its
reward. To secure to herself pre-eminence in this
vast market, and to infuse new vigor into her vast
system, England has been endeavoring to rear up
her East India possessions, with a population of
near ninety millions, as the great competitor of the
other nations of the world in the productions of cot-
ton, sugar, and indigo. In a moment of fanaticism,
though under protest of her wisest and most saga-
cious statesman, Lord Wellington, she had abolish-
ed slavery in her West India islands. The result,
so far from answering the anticipations of the
friends of the measure, who made it under the se-
ducing theory that free labor was cheaper than
slave labor, has proved the utter fallacy and suicidal
character of the move. A report of a select commit-
tee to the British Parliament, made July 25, 1842,
speaks of the result as having "caused such serious,
and m some instances ruinous, injury to the proprie-
tors of estates in those colonies, (West Indies,) as
to have caused many estates, hitherto prosperous
and productive, to be cultivated for two or three
years at considerable loss, and others to be aban-
doned."
