Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8«L
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr, Yancey.
H. of Reps.
The Assembly of Jamaica, 1835, speaks, in its
address to the governor, of "seeing large portions
of our neglected cane fields being overrun with
weeds, and a'still larger extent of our pasture lands
returning to a state of nature; seeing, in fact, desola-
tion already overspreading the very face of the land,
it is impossible for us, without abandoning the ev-
idences of our own senses, to entertain favorable an-
ticipations, or to divest ourselves of the painful con-
victions that progressive and rapid deterioration of
property will continue to keep pace with the system
of apprenticeship, and that the termination thereof
must complete the ruin of the colony." The ex-
ports of Jamaica, in 1835, two years before the
abolition of the slave trade, where over 137,000
hogsheads of sugar, and above twenty-four million
pounds of coffee. In 1841, after having felt the
fair effects of the abolition policy, those exports
were reduced to thirty thousand hhds. of sugar, and
about eight million pounds of coffee! Trinidad, St.
Yincent, and British Guiana, where the same policy
has been pursued, all exhibit the same speaking
symptoms of commercial ruin-
To the mortification of perceiving her once rich
and flourishing colonies prostrated by her own acts,
England has to add that of finding her vast East In-
dia possessions at a stand still. By a report of a
recent date, of a select committee on East India
produce, made to the British Parliament, we are in-
formed that "the imports from 1816 to 1825 amount-
ed to nine hundred and sixteen million rupees; and
in the ensuing ten years to seven hundred and nine-
ty-eight millions, showing a decrease of one hun-
dred and eighteen million rupees for the past ten
years; and this during a period of general peaco, in-
creasing civilization, and every possible advantage
for the development of the trade of the country."
The evidence submitted by that report, shows, too,
that "comparing the years 1819 to 1835, with the
years 1802 to 1818, there has been a decrease of
tonnage of all nations, entering the port of Calcutta,
@f 192,182 tons."
The above extracts, which might be multiplied to
volumes, but which are sufficient for the purposes
of this debate, show, officially, the true condition of
England in respect to tropical cultivation. To
fathom her designs and views fully, it is necessary
to take the same rapid glance at her great antagonist
interests—the cultivation of tropical productions by
slave labor:
Brazils, from 1804 to 1841, the period in which I
have reviewed the statistics of Jamaica, increased
her productions from 400,000 cwt, of sugar, and 24,-
000,000 lbs. of coffee, to 2,400,000 cwt. of sugar,
and 135,000,000 lbs. of coffee.
Porto Rico, twenty years since, imported sugar
for its own use, but now exports one hundred thou-
sand cwt.
In Cuba, Turnbull,an intelligent English traveller,
informs us, "in 1837, the date of the latest official
returns, the sugar exported amounted to 9,060,053
arobas of 25 lbs. each: "Whereas, in 1829, the ear-
liest^period for which I could find a corresponding
return, the exports of sugar did not exceed 6,588,-
428 arobas. In the same way, the exports of coffee
which, in 1837, were 2,133,567 arobas, in 1829 did
not exceed 1,736,257 arobas; so that the increase of
these two principal staples exported in the coutseof
eight years has been nearly 30 per cent." Contin-
ues the writer: "Independent of the dry details of
statistical tables, the advance of the island towards a
high degree of agricultural and commercial prosperi-
ty is obvious at a glance."
Now turn your attention to this Union. The
following table speaks eloquently of our agricultural
and commercial prosperity.
UNITED STATES.
Exports increased from, in 1790 - - - £20,-20<>,lo8
to, in 1833 - - 1<j-\48(j,016
Of this, in 1700, of cotton exported, but - - 49 SS.i.OOO
3833, " - til,do6,911
1790, of tobacco " - - 4,349.667
1633, '• - 7,392,029
1840, " 4 • 9,383,957
1790, of rice " - - l,7o3,706
Piny, " • 1,721,819
Average, however, oi rice, of twelve years
previous, about ..... 2,92o,000
Oi maniifactiuci expoited—
in 1803, when first repoited
1338, exported
1790, of fiour "
1S30,
1790, of Ixmbcr "
1838,
- $l,3rw,0C0
8,397,076
4 591,293
3,603,290
1,374,534
3,116,196
It shows, too, the immense disparity of the ex-
ports between the North and South; that the South
—the slaveholdmg region—the slave labor of the
country, is the mainspring of that almost unparal-
leled advance in'wealth and commercial importance
which has distinguished the United States, and ex-
cited the envy and astonishment of Europe.
Now, I ask a calm and dispassionate review of
the picture thus drawn of the situation of the two
rival industries of the world—the free and the slave
labor. One, though aided by the. power, the gran-
deur, and the known sagacities of one of the great-
est powers on earth, is gradually falling behind in
the great race of commercial competition. The
other, seeming to derive renewed vigor from the de-
caying fortunes of its rival, is springing forward with
an elasticity and speed that will soon defy rivalry.
And think you England is blinded to this? And
cannot gentlemen see in all this sufficient causes to
account for the sternly pursued policy of Great
Britain to abo'ish that slavery "every where,"
which is snatching from her the trident of the ocean,
and dooming her to become a second rate, when she
has ever haughtily claimed to be the first power?
Or must they, to give a reasonable ground for her
course, conjure up the phantom of outraged human-
ity, beckoning on that giant nation to redress her
long unavenged wrongs! England the champion of
humanity1 The first to legalize the slave trade, she
clung to it with a tenacity which belied her boasted
philanthropy. Her monarchs granted charters to
her eminent citizens to monopolize the traffic in hu-
man flesh! Her Parliament sustained them by sub-
sidies of money. And the government of England,
in 1713, by treaty of Utrecht, bargained for the ex-
clusive privilege of supplying the Spanish domin-
ions with slaves for thirty years. And in this cen-
tury's trade in slaves, it is estimated that she has
made #600,000,000!
England govern her policy J>y dictates of humani-
ty! Where slept her humanity, while the arms of
her East India Company swept in desolation and
unheard of rapacity over the fertile and populous
Ind? Sir, the gorgeous eloquence of one of her own
gifted statesmen will preserve, as long as humanity
has a votary, those atrocities and crimes, for the in-
dignation of mankind.
To what quarter are the eyes of her philanthro-
pists now turned, that they see not and expose not
the present system of slavery, which exists in parts
of her dominions, and of tyrannical oppression of
the ryotts, which exists all over her vast East India
domain?
Or is that what is meant by humanity, which in-
duced her to hue the coast of China with her navy—
to dismantle her fortresses—to sack her towns—to
slaughter her children, in order to force them to buy
her poisonous drugs, and thus increase her pecunia-
ry gains'—[.See Note A.]
Look at her parliamentary reports, and tell me if
that is her view of the obligations imposed by hu-
manity, in which she desires and contemplates
even now to import extensively African laborers?
And for what? To force the miserable wretches,
victims of her mistaken policy, to longer labor and
at cheaper rates.
It is such humanity as keen-sighted interest and
vaulting ambition generates, that she may outstrip
the world in commercial enterprise. No nation has
ever been guided by a more sagacious and effective
policy in the main than she; and her designs upon
Texas, and through Texas upon the Union, are
parts of that grand system for which she is now
struggling.
And how are these designs met? Sir, the cham-
pions of her robber policy towards China find no
conscientious scruples which forbid their co-opera-
tion in a similar system against this nation. The
code of' morals which furnishes an excuse for the
one, is sufficiently loose to justify an abjuration of
all constitutional obligations to defend the institu-
tions of one's native land. English interests find
abettors now, as formerly, on American soil, under
cover of reverence for the opinions of our ancestors.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Win-
throp,] who has addressed the House on this sub-
ject, tells us gravely, "it would be well for us to
have some remembrance of what were the opinions
of our ancestors on this question of slavery." Ay,
sir; I agree it would be well. Our ancestors were
as hardy, as clear-headed, and as pure-minded a set
of men as ever breathed. They had no difficul-
ty in settling the question of slavery upon a per-
manent footing. And yet, some of their de-
scendants are heard, at this day, prating of their
consciences and their enlarged views of liberty!
And men of to-day, as it were, gravely urge, as an
excuse for their traitorous designs, that the declara-
tion of independence declared black, as well as
white, to be free, and that our ancestors so under-'
stood it. Sir, neither our ancestors as a body, nor
the ancestors of those who particularly urge this, so
understood it: neither does he who urges it so under-
stand it. Many of the signers—it is more than
probable the most of them—were slave owners.
Slaves were held, in 1776, in every one of the
thirteen colonies. Ay, sir; and could I now trace
back the title to what few I own to him who im-
ported their progenitor* from Africa, nine chances
out of ten would be that I derive title from some old
New England merchant. They were the slave
traders of that day; and do you think that those who
signed that declaration designed thus to liberate their
slave proverty? No, sir. An industrious friend,
fond of research into old and musty volumes, has
furnished me with a few facts going to show the
view taken of the effect of that declaration, as well as
how very glib those grave puritans were in the
phraseology which their conscientious descendants
can now hardly read in a southern paper without
shuddering at it as evidence of the great moral de-
pravity of the slave breeders.
Constitutional Journal and "Weekly Advertiser,
Boston, July 4, 1776.
"t/3 negro woman for sale.
"To be sold, a likely young negro woman, that under-
stands house-work, common cooking, Stc has had the small*
pox. Enquire of the printer."
From New England Chronicle, same date and place.
"Ranaway from me, the subscriber, a negro man named
Sam, about 5 feet 6 inches high, 30 or 40 years old. Had
on, when he went oft, a light crimson eolored coat; his
upper fore-teeth stick out; speaks good English, has been
nineteen years from Africa. Whosoever takes up said ne-
gro, and returns him to me, shall have one dollar le-
W8rd'"(Signed,) JOHN HUNTER.
"N. B. All masters of vessels .are hereby desired not to
harbor, conceal, or carry away said negro, so as to avoid
the penalty of the law."
From Pennsylvania Journal and Weekly 'Advertiser, Ju-
ly 17, 1776.
"To be sold, a large quantity of inch pine board, that are
\\ ell seasoned. Likewise, a negro wench. She is disposed of
for no fault, but only that she is at present with child. She
is about twenty years of age, has had the small-pox and
measles, and is fit for town or country business. Enquire
of the printer."
From the Continental Journal and Weekly "Advertiser,
Boston, Oct. 26, 1780.
"To be sold, a likely negro boy, about 13 years old, well
calculated to wait on a gentleman Enquire of printer.
"Also, to be sold, a likely cow and calf. Enquire of the
printer "
I trust this remembrance and review of some of
the opinions of our ancestors will be cherished and
reflected upon, and have some effect in restraining the
tongue of the puritan of to-day, lest, in slandering
the living slaveholder, he traduce the character of
the puritan of 1776, from whom we derive title.
I said, too, that the immediate ancestors of some
of those who urge an excuse the declaration of in-
dependence, did not think that instrument operative
upon the servile portion of the community of that
day. In proof. 1 refer to the treaty of peace be-
tween the United States and Great Britain, made on
the 3d September, 1783. The seventh article stipu-
lates that "his Britannic Majesty shall, with all con-
venient speed, and without causing any destruction, or
carrying aioay, any negroes or other property of the
American inhabitants, withdraw aH his armies,1' &c.
Here, is an express acknowledgment of the right
to hold negroes in slavery. And who signed it, and
thus sanctioned all it contained—in fact, who nego-
tiated it? Old John Adams!
And have we any evidences of the opinions of
him who has uttered the sentiment 1 am now com-
bating? I have a similar proof, to be found in the
fiiet article of the treaty of Ghent, negotiated in part
by John Gtiuncy Adams and signed by him. The
tenth article contains this stipulation—"without car-
rying away any slaves or other property.'''' Again: the
laws of Massachusetts of 1776 forbid the intermar-
riage of black and white persons, and declared any
such marriage a-nullity. That was one of "the
opinions of our ancestors on this question of slave-
ry."
The act of 1843, of a Massachusetts legislature,
repealed this law, and permits the intermarriage of
the two races. This is an opinion of the Massa-
chusetts man of to-day.
And what has been the result of this repeal? Why,
sir, the statistics of the various prisons and alms-
houses [see Note B] of the free States show that the
black son of Africa, with flat nose, thick lips, protru-
ding shin, and skin redolent of rare odors, though
free to rise to the high estate of the white man—'
