Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
28th Cong.....2d Sess
Annexation of Texas—Mr. I. E. Morse.
H. of Eeps.
far as he had been able to comprehend the course of
argument in opposition to the measure, the objec-
tions adduced against it might be divided into three
classes: First, those which respected the constitu-
tional question of power; secondly, those which
rested on an apprehended danger arising from too
great an extension of the territory of the Union;
and, thirdly, those which respected the alleged influ-
ence of annexation on the subject of slavery.
And here Mr. M. would ask whether, on a ques-
tion which involved an extent of fertile territory as
large as the whole United States at the time of the
declaration of independence, statesmen were to meas-
ure its importance by such a consideration as the
last of these? Were they to trifle away a territory
equal to six of the largest States of this Union, be-
cause the aequisition of it might chance to affect
some particular interest among us? Another argu-
ment which had been brought forward, and which
was still less worthy of consideration, was drawn
from the possible effect which the measure might
have on the political standing and prospects of some
particular man or men at a future election.
Stript of all these extraneous considerations, the
question simply was, whether the people of the
United States had not expressed it as their solemn
and decided opinion that the annexation of Texas
ought to be effected, whether it could best be done
by treaty or by purchase. Mr. M. had hoped that
the subject would be treated without sectional or
party jealousies, and as wholly apart from the po-
litical prospects of this or that great man. Such
had not been the feeling of our fathers when great
national questions were presented for their action;
nor was it now the feeling of the abolitionists, con-
sidered as a body, who had professed themselves
willing, without hesitation, to sacrifice five millions
of men, women, and children for a great question.
Should this measure be defeated, he believed it
would be on account of its apprehended bearing on
the next presidential election. So humble an indi-
vidual as lie could pretend to no power to commit
either the party he belonged to or the State from
which he come; but he wished it distinctly to be un-
derstood by all concerned that if this ques'ion was
diverted and perverted into an instrument of Presi-
dent-making, the attempt so to use it would inevita-
bly destroy the prospects of any political party
which should resort to it. If that was the turn
which was to be given to a measure of this intrinsic
importance, he would remind gentlemen that the
people of the United States in 1848, so far from
thinking about any existing candidates for the presi-
dency, might, and he trusted woufd, throw them all
overboard, and select a fresh candidate from among
themselves. The only way of settling this question
was at once to meet it boldly. Gentlemen on the
other side had not scrupled to throw into the teeth
of the democratic party, wielding, as it did, a ma-
jority of sixty-five votes on that floor, that this meas-
ure of annexation was to be lost from the multiplicity
of plans proposed for its accomplishment. A gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Weller,] with that spirit
of patriotism which always distinguished his public
career, had declared that he had no particular prefer-
ence for the resolution now proposed; but that he
would vote for annexation in some form, because
the voice of the people had spoken it as their will.
Mr. M. wished to see the question stript of all ex-
traneous matters, which, after all, were mere devices
of the enemy; for he verily believed that if the judges
of the Supreme Court should unanimously declare
that the annexation of Texas was in conformity
with the constitution, the present opponents of the
measure would be no more in favor of it than they
were now.
Mr. M. insisted that if there was r.ny one issue
which had been fairly presented at the last election it
had been this question of annexation. And how
did he prove it? A gentleman had told the commit-
tee that the democratic party had succeeded in elect-
ing its candidate because it had no avowed princi-
ples, and that Gov. Porter had said that Pennsyl-
vania had voted for Mr. Polk because the State be-
lieved him to be in favor of protection. Now, Mr.
M. would ask gentlemen who pretended that the
State had been tricked, how it had happened that the
people, being in favor of protection and casting their
votes on that principle, did not cast them for Mr.
Clay? Mr. Clay's opinions were thoroughly and
universally known; there was no room for any man
to doubt as to his being m favor of protection; he
had taken every mode to make his opinions known,
both by letters and speeches and conversations; and
- -'—'-1 how it happened that the friends of a
protective tariff did not vote for him? Surely it looked
as if their vote had turned on a different question
from the tariff. They had voted for Mr. Polk be-
cause he was in favor of immediate annexation, and
against Mr. Clay because he was ntit.
Mr. M. hoped that abler men than he was to
speak on such a subject, would have gone into this
discussion on broad constitutional principles, and,
after they had settled that question, would have pro-
ceeded to argue on the advantages of annexation.
Sorry he was to perceive that such a debate was fast
degenerating into a mere party squabble, and to see
gentlemen who were united on the great measure
itself, occupying their time in bickerings and dis-
putes as to the mode of accomplishing it. Where
was the spirit of '76?—a spirit which looked only at
the national good, without stopping or stooping to
calculate the advantage which might accrue to this
or to that section of country, or to this or that great
man. How little was to be seen of the spirit which
animated the Roman patriots of old?
"Then Romans, in Koine's quarrel,
Spared neither land nov gold,
Nor limb, nor life, nor son, nor wife,
In the brave days of old—
Then none were for v. party,
Then all were for the State;
Then the rich man helped the poor,
And the poor man loved the great."
But now, alas! too much was thought and done
for self; too little done, or thought, or spoken for the
country.
"Now Roman is to Koman
More hateful than a foe;
The tribunes beard the high,
And the fathers grind the low.
As wewax hot infection,
In battle we wax cold-
Wherefore men fight not as they fought
In the brave days bf old."
Through the prevalence of a spirit like this the
great democratic party, victorious in many a hard-
fought field, with laurels of victory yet green upon
their brows, with a clear majority of sixty-five in
that House, seemed about to deserve the sneers of
the whole country by suffering a great national
question to be lost, and the opportunity of making
an invaluable acquisition for their country to pass
away forever. Mr. M. had voted to print every
proposition which had been brought forward, be-
cause he considered that floor as the appropriate
arena in which all great national questions ought to
be discussed and settled. He was for no smother-
ing of opinions, but for a fair, and open, and manly
discussion, because he was convinced that such a
discussion would but the more confirm the people in
that opinion which they now held, and which they
had expressed with such great unanimity.
The committee had been referred to the letters of
Mr. Van Buren and others as authority against im-
mediate annexation. The only argument Mr. M.
would present in reply to this was the fact that so
soon as Mr. Van Buren refused to march with the
regressive democracy of this country, the people
ad declared that they would be bound to his car no
longer, but would select for themselves a man who
would obey their will, and carry out their princi-
ples. Such was the conduct of the democracy,
while their opponents, by persevering in a. blind at-
tachment to Mr. Clay, had lost the election, and
been thrown out of power. In the city of New
Orleans, shortly before the publication of the re-
spective letters of Messrs. Clay and Van Buren on
the subject of annexation, there was held ajoint
meeting of men of all political sentiments, without
distinction of party, which, from the great multi-
tudes assembled, was called the monster meeting.
The president of the State Senate, one of the most
respectable of men, had presided on the occasion;
and the editor of the Bee newspaper, one of the
ablest journals of the country, distinguished himself
among the speakers. At that meeting resolutions
were adopted unanimously in favor of the acquisi-
tion of Texas. Unless I am much mistaken, Mr.
Clay was in New Orleans at the time, and was sup-
posed to be favorable to the measure. He left the
city shortly after, and from the interior of North
Carolina wrote his celebrated Raleigh letter. His
partisans still continue to adhere to him; but where
was their boasted patriotism in going, as they pro-
fessed, for measures, and not men? Mr. Clay took
ground in that letter which astonished his friends as
much as it did his enemies; but his party siiowed at
once that their attachment was to the man, and not to
his measures.
And now Mr. M. would^turn to the democracy,
and ask them what they had gained by the tkction of
I
Mr. Polk, if democrats themselves were about to
defeat this measure? Mr. M. thought the nomina-
tion due to the friends of Mr. Van Buren; but he,
from his extreme position, used such influence as ho
possessed towards the nomination of another to the
presidency. And it was with sincere regret that he
had felt himself compelled to sacrifice him to a great
principle. The party published to the world that
annexation was to be their measure. The issue
was distinctly made, and made every where. _ Gen-
tlemen talked about inscriptions on banners display-
ed in different parts of the Union during the late
election. He would ask whether any man among
them had ever seen a banner with the words, "Polk
and no annexation," or any with the inscription of
"Clay and annexation." He believed not.
And now he would present a few remarks on a
point on which, according to his apprehension, this
whole question rested. 1st. Did Texas desire to be
admitted into this Union? He asked this, because,
to listen to the gloomy forebodings and constitu-
tional fears of gentlemen on the other side, one
would suppose that she was to be dragged into a
union which she did not desire; and that the pro-
tressive democracy of this country proposed to rob
lexico and steal Texas. Now, if the people of
Texas did not desire a union with us, Mr. M. was
against it. For one, he considered such a connex-
ion the highest boon which could be offered to any
nation on earth. But how stood the fact? During
a whole year, Texas, by her minister here, had
been actively and seriously engaged in accomplish-
ing a treaty of annexation; not because he held that
to be the only mode in which annexation could be
effected, but because it seemed to present the most
expeditious method of accomplishing it.
On the other hand, did the people of the United
States desire such a connection?—for to national
nuptials such as these the consent of both parties
was requisite. Now, on this great question, was
the result of the late election to go for nothing?
Were the public resolutions, adopted from State to
State, and city to city, from Maine to Louisiana,
to go for nothing? Was the setting aside of Mr.
Van Buren, and the preference of Mr. Polk, as an
annexation candidate, and therefore more available,
to go for nothing? On these questions Mr. M. had
before him whig authority in abundance, but the
time would not allow of his reading it.
And now came the great constitutional objection.
It had been ably handled, but the opponents of the
measure, instead of arguing, had called upon the
friends of the measure to furnish reasons in its be-
half. On this constitutional question, Mr. M. should
present a view which, to many gentlemen, might
appear novel and extraordinary. He contended
that there had been at least a dozen precedents of
the annexation of foreign territory simply by acts
of Congress. He did not refer to the annexation of
Louisiana and Florida; he referred to the acquisi-
tion of foreign territory by purchase; and, after all
that could be said, the resolution before them sim-
ply amounted to a purchase; it involved a consent
of parties—a thing to be sold, and the price to be
paid for it. The parties here were the people of
Texas and of the United States; the thing to be sold
was the territory of Texas; and the price agreed to
be paid was the assumption of her debt. He would
state, for the information of the committee, that the
treaty of 1803 included a certain portion of Loui-
siana which was not added with the residue, save
in a very vague and general way. When Louisi-
ana was admitted into the United States, this por-
tion of her territory, commonly called the Perdido,
was not held to be included, and the flag of Spain
continued to float over it from 1803 till 1811. The
Spaniards dejure, but Americans de facto, then de-
clared themselves independent, and in 1811 they con-
quered the garrison and took possession of the town
of Baton Rouge, and presented to this House a
petition to be admitted into the Union as a part of
Louisiana. A constitutional question was raised
then, as now, and the admission of Baton Rouge met
with strenuous opposition. It was contended that
this was a foreign country, and that we had no .right
to receive it. Yet the measure passed the Senate
with great unanimity—there being but five votes
against it. [Here Mr. M. quoted from the journal
of the Senate to show that the people of this foreign
country were annexed in 1812 to the State of Louis-
iana, Louisiana consenting to the Union.] Those
people, when received, were independent de facto,
and that consideration always had governed the ac-
tion of this government in all our relations with
1 foreign powers. As a government w« knew noth:<<
