Jan, 1845 
38th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Botvlin.
H. of Reps.
succession, until they destroyed the constitution,
and settled down in the calm tranquillity of a milita-'
ry despotism, under Santa Anna, with the imposing
title of President. During these convulsions, which
shook the nation to the centre, Texas remained quiet
under their state form of government—clinging to
their own constitution as the last refuge of liberty.
In 1835, an attempt was made, by an invading force
by sea and land, to arrest the civil officers of-the
State government, destroy it, and disarm the people.
In this condition, the people of Texas had no other
resort but to fly to arms, and defend their Uvea,
their liberties, and their sacred homes. In that in-
human war, distinguished on the part of their inva-
ders for more than barbarian ferocity, they triumph-
ed by their arms and preserved their institutions.
In April, 1836, they won their complete independ-
ence on the plains of San Jacinto, by a complete
overthrow of the invading army and the captsre of
their leader. Since that day, no regular invading force
has ever dared to pollute that soil, consecrated by the
blood of her martyrs to civil liberty. Since that day
she has been unmolested, save by marauding par-
ties on the frontiers, and has maintained her sover-
eign character amongst the nations of the earth.
Now, sir, does it become us to question a title ac-
quired by successful revolution, when it is the tenure
by which we acquired and maintain our own repub-
lic? We won our country by the success of our
arms. So did Texas. And it illy becomes us to
question the validity of the title On this subject, I
will beg leave to read an extract from Mr. Madison.
He says:
"Jf there be a principle that ought not to lie questioned, in
the United States, it is that every nation has a right to abol-
ish an old government, and establish a new one. This prin-
ciple is not only recorded in every archive, written in every
American heai and sealed with the blood of a host of Ame-
rican martyrs, but is the only lawful tenure by wjuch the
United States hold their existence as a nation ''
Then it is not for us, in the face of such authority,
to question her right of founding her independence
in a revolutionary struggle; and time has but canon-
ized the act. Ever since the day .she acquired her inde-
pendence upon upon the battle-field, she has main-
tained her separate existence as one of the free, sov-
ereign, and independent nations of the earth. "Every
nation," says Vattel, "that governs itself, under what
form soever, without any dependence on a foreign
power, is a sovereign state." This is the language
of a European writer, unfamiliar to the more liberal
principles to which our revolution £jave birth; and
yet, is there anything in this definition of a sove-
reign state, in which Texas foils short? Has she
not governed herself for the last eight years without
any dependence on a foreign state? Speaking of
the society of nations, the same authority says:
"To give a nation a right to make an immediate figure in
tliis grand society, it is sufficient it it reallj be sovereign and
independent; that is, it must govern itself by its own au-
thority and laws."
Then, in the face of these authorities, who will
deny to Texas sovereign authority. If she be sove-
retgn, the right to dispose of herself, or do any and
all other sovereign acts, follows as a necessary con-
sequence resulting from that condition.
Yet in the face of all this, we are gravely told upon
this floor by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Caleb
B.Smith,] that this annexation is an attempt to rob
Mexico. Rob her of what' Of that which she
has long since ceased to possess? Of that which she
dare not try to possess? What claims has Mexico
upon Texas? The same that England has upon us—
our national antipathies for having once sought to
oppress us. It would be a glorious robbery for
Mexico; it would relieve her of a neighbor that, if
left alone, would one day wave the lone-star banner
over the fairest portions of her empire.
It has been inquired by the honorable gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Kennedy,] with an air of tri-
umph, in view of the provision of the constitution
requiring a specific residence for foreigners before
they can be represertatives in either branch of Con-
gress, what Texas would do for citizens to repre-
sent her in this hall and in the other end of the Cap-
itol? I might con tent myself with answering him
that "sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof;"
that we would decide that question when she sent
foreigners to repiesent her; that that question cou'd
not arise now. But I will tell the gentleman that
there is a distinction between individual emigrants
and the incorporation of States into the confederacy
The constitution givr? Congress power "to estab-
lish a uniform rule of naturalization;" and tli's pro-
vision is for the benefit of individuals who may
seek the enjoyment of liberty under our free institu-
tions. But can any gentleman pretend1 that this
applies to States that may be admitted into this
Union? The very incorporation of them adopts
them with all their political rights. If this argu-
ment was worth anything, it mightbe applied to the
territories, which would only serve to illustrate its
utter want of force.
Another objection to annexation has been con-
stantly urged upon the attention of this House and
the nation, that it is a southern and sectional ques-
tion, and not a national one; and that it is pressed
to strengthen the peculiar institutions of the South.
As it regards the sectional quality of the question,
if there be anything sectional in it, I deny that the
South shall appropriate it to herself or have it ap-
propriated to her. As far as sectional interests are
concerned, we of the valley of the Mississippi have
the highest claim. It is a part of our great valley,
peopled by our people, and watered by our streams,
and stamped by the impress of nature herself as a
part and parcel of our soil. To us she will bean eter-
nal market for the rich productions of our soil—to
the South, she will be a rival in the production of
rich staples. And yet it is termed a southern ques-
tion. For what purpose? Solely to arouse the pre-
judices of those against it who are opposed to
slavery. Indeed, the honorable gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Caleb B. Smith] has told us that he
would stand by the compromises of the constitu-
tion, but would not go one inch further. And the
honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Brinkerhoff]
contended that it furnished no home for the emi-
grants from the free States, as they would not go
there to put their labor in competition with slave
labor. Now the answer to all this is, that we only
propose to annex it, and the emigrants who get pos-
session of the territory will establish their own do-
mestic institutions. Texas herself is a slave State,
and must be admitted as such. The rest, and much
the greatest portion of the territory, would and
should be left free to fix her own domestic institu-
tions. This would not cut off the emigration from
the free States, but rather invite them.
But many of the gentlemen seem to be very ap-
prehensive of the balance of political power. This
is an unmanly fear. Let them look at the com-
plexion of this House, with the overwhelming ma-
jority from the free States. Then let them look
upon tlje map, and sgc the broad expanse of coun-
try upon the north and northwest, where slavery,
from the very laws of trade, can never exist, which
is yet to be made States, and dispel such unfounded
fears. The constant introduction and discussion of
these sectional questions is inimical to that harmony
and union which ought to pervade the breasts of
the American people. We are one people in blood,
religion, language, laws, and habits; and shoQld
unite as one man 111 frowning down every attempt
to create sectional jealousies, spring from whatever
quarter they might. It is no sectional question.
j*he effect of annexation will be to dispense bless-
ings to every section of this Union. It will be a
market for the fabrics of the North and the produc-
tions of the soil of the West, and an additional se-
curity to the South. Then, I ask gentlemen, why
orce sectional jealousies upon a question of such
ncalculable benefits to all;
Besides, sir, I tell the gentlemen who urge this
objection to beware that their misplaced philan-
thropy does not overreach itself, and produce the
very effect that they seem struggling to avoid—the
spread of slavery, Let them reject Texas because
she is a slave State, and arc their domestic institu-
tions changed by that act? If slavery be the evil
gentlemen fancy it, is it lessened by rejecting Texas?
No, but, on the contrary, they are insuring its per-
manent spread. Admit Texas, and the Rio Bravo,
under our own guidance, constitutes the limits of
this institution. Reject her, and that destiny which
has guided her to her present national position, and
that energy and courage which have won for her h'T
liberty, upon the battle-field, will guide and animate
her people until her standard waves in triumph over
the halls of the Montezumas. Many of oar own
people would join them m the crusade against in-
tolerance, superstition, and oppression. The balmy
air and virgin soil of Texas invite them; and they
would go—
"Though perils did
Abound as thick as thought could make them,
And in forms more horrid"—
in search of the rich blessings of such a country.
And then where would terminate their domestic in-
stitutions, which conjure up such horrors to the-im-
agination of gentlemen? Perhaps Central America
might be the boundary. I say again, let gentlemen
beware that they are not pursuing a course of policy
to promote the very evil they complain of.
The next question which arises is, whether it is
expedient and politic to annex Texas to this Union.
And the views which I shall briefly submit on these
points shall be confined to the importance of the ac-
quisition in a commercial and military point of
view.
As a commercial enterprise, it is of incalculable
importance to this country—furnishing a large sea
coast, and a ready and increasing market for our
productions. She will greatly contribute to the na-
tional wealth, by contributing largely to the produc-
tion of the great staple, peculiar to this country—cot-
ton. With Texas we shall possess all the cotton-
growing region of this country, which may be a
salutary check on European policy, through the in-
strumentality of their looms. The manufacturing
nations must have this great staple to .give employ-
ment to their machinery; and by commanding it, it
not only enhances our' individual and national
wealth, but preserves in our hands a power over
the destinies of the world more potent than armies.
It opens new ports to our shipping. It would pro-
tect us from a system of smuggling that would be
carried on along two thousand miles line of frontier.
And, above all, it would largely contribute to the
production of that staple, which now serves for ex-
change for our foreign importations, and saves the
country from a continual dram of its money. These
are a few of the commercial blessing that annexa-
tion would produce.
But, sir, refuse to annex it, and let Texas form
commercial alliances with the manufacturing na-
tions ofEurope, by which she furnishes them the
cotton, which is admitted on more favorable terms
than the cotton of the United States, and what will
be the consequences? Sir, can any man realize them?
We could not produce the cotton to come in compe-
tition with her in the foreign market under such a
state of things. We might have to abandon its cul-
ture, let our fields lie waste, and make a continual
drain upon the pockets of the people, to pay for
the foreign productions which are now paid for fey
our cotton. Texas, then, instead of being a market
for our home manufactures, would be a market for
British looms only. Are gentlemen prepared to
adopt a course of policy, pointing to such results?
But, sir, it is no less important to this country in
a military point of view. Situated as it is in the
great valley of the Mississippi; commanding a large
sea coast on the gulf, and lying upon the very wa-
ters that wash the base of the great commercial em-
porium of the West, it has a commanding position
which, in the hands of a foreign foe, would be peril-
ous in the extreme. Sir, an army in Texas could
advance upon New Orleans before troops could be
brought to defend her from Tennessee, and she is
one ef the southern States. Let gentlemen imagine
a state of war with England—that grasping power,
that claims the earth as the heritage of her people—
and she in possession of Oregon, where our tardy
councils are leaving her in firm alliance with Texas,
surrounding us at all points, with one hundred and
fifty thousand savages upon our frontiers to lay
waste and desolate the country,—and they may form
some idea of the importance of Texas as a security
against invasion. And that she is capable of using
such means in carrying out her policy of universal
empire, let the blood-stained fields and desolate
wastes of Hindostan attest. As statesmen, it be-
comes us not to leave it in the power of any nation
to harass us when the means of security are at hand
—when we have the remedy within our grasp. That
security, and that remedy, is in reclaiming our own
ten ifory in Oregon, and reanncxing Texas.
As it regaids the variety of plans now before the
committee, I shall not attempt, to descant on their
respective merits. J may have my partialities, and,
indeed, as a measure of admission as a State, I have
looked favorably upon the proposition of the gentle-
mail from Virginia, [Mr. Dromgoole;] and m ad-
mitting it as a Territory, upon the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Wkller.] Bat I am
prepared to support any proposition that can honor-
ably secure the object.
In conclusion, sir, I but speak my own, as well as
the sentiments of the people I in part represent, when
I declare that we are for Texas on honorable terms,
now, henceforth, and forever.
