96
28th Cong 2d Sess.
appendix to the congressional globe.
-Mr. W. J. Brown.
Jan. 1845.
Annexation of Texas-
H. of Reps.
SPEECH OF MR. BROWN,
of indiana,
In the Home of Repreientatives, January 14, 1845—
On tKe joint resolutions for the reannexation of
Texas to the. Union.
Mr. BROWN said: I shall not, in the few remarks
■vrfUch ifeel called upon to make, attempt to take up
and investigate the various reasons for and against
the "reannexation" of Texas, which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll,] who sits
- before me, says is a new word, especially in this
application. It may be so; but, sir, we live in a
progressive age. The English language, as well
as the arts and sciences, has been vastly improved
within the last century. If we have not territory
enough, X go for acquiring more; and if we have
Rot words enough in our vocabulary, I go for
coining a few to meet the emergency. The gentle-
man, and the political party to which he belongs,
should certainly not complain at the introduction
of new words; for new words have often been
of decisive advantage to them, as instruments
in their hands to knock off the sharp corners of the
constitution that obstructed the way in their lib-
eral construction of that sacred compact. But the
honorable member seems to bitterly complain that
the friends of this measure are attempting to carry
it through this House with a sort of "town-meeting
hurrah." Now, if there is anything wrong in all
this, we have learned it from our opponents; for
; Mr. Clay himself, in a speech which he made in
■ ray State in 1840, said that the day for reason had
-passed, and the hour for action had come; and that
action was verily consummated by shouting at the
top of their voices:
"With Tip and Tyler,
"We'll burst Van's biler.'*
Well, they did "burst Van's biler;" and the dem-
ocraticparty with the explosion was thrown skyhigh;
but, like Antreus of old, they gathered strength
from the fall, collected their scattered forces, arid, like
Washington after retreating through the Jerseys,
they crossed the Delaware, and, in August, 1841,
the thunder of their victorious cannon was heaid
upon the heights of Trenton; for, as "with Tip and
Tyler they had burst our fciler," one year before,
so now " with Tyler alone they burst their
own."
Sir, though, like Mordecai at the' king's gate,
the mottoes upon our banners and transparencies of
"Polk and Dallas," "Texas and Oregon," may have
been mortifying to the friends of Mr. Clay, yet
these very mottoes told us and the country that these
gi;eat American questions were staked in the issue;
that these men were our standard-bearers; and that
they and their friends, if elected, would carry out,
to the letter, their pledges. They conveyed to the
true-hearted democrat feelings which the worshipper
of "that same old coon" never knew, or knowing
never appreciated. But here let me remark that,
although upon all ocasions the loud and long shout
went up from the congregated thousands of the
votaries of freedom of "hurrah for Texas," yet the
shout was not all; for the question, m my State at
least, was fairly, fully, and calmly discussed, in all
its phases and all its bearings. Being a new thing,
it required more discussion than did the old issues,
which had long been before the country, and con-
sequently, at the commencement of the canvass,
were better understood. Well, sir, what was
the result of these gladiatorial combats upon the
political arena? The great and unbribed "jury of
the country decided, clearly and indisputably,
m favor of reannexation; and we, as their
servants, acknowledging in this as in all
other cases the power of the "vox popuh," have but
the simple and straightforward duty to perform of
carrying nut their declared will. Upon those who
dare disobey, rest the fearful responsibility; but
for myself, "if 1 forget you, may my right ari~, for-
get its cunning." It has been said "that hell has
no fury like a woman scorned." So, sir, there is
no degree of infamy in the scale of political degra-
dation too low for the representative to merit
who knowingly violates his plighted faith, or
wilfully thwarts the known will of a generous
and confiding constituency. He may physically
endure it; he may stand up and believe himself
to be "every inch a king:" but he will nevertheless
be, like the Bastile, a fearful monument of popular
indignation; and the bitterest drop in the cop of his
disgrace will be the ever-present consciousness that
bis punishment was deserved.
• As to the manner in which reannexation con-
summated, I am not very particular. In this I
am like the young man in my own native West,
who, with stout heart, stalwart arm, and honest
principles, sets out from his paternal mansion with
the great journey of life before him. The very first
thing he does is, if possible, to get a wife; and after
he is wedded to her, he then builds him a cabin,
divides and subdivides his farm, until the horn of
plenty is filled to the brim. So I am first and fore-
most, paramount to all minor considerations, for
getting possession of the territory of Texas; and
after that desirable boon is obtained—after that ar-
dent wish of my heart is gratified—then we can,
amicably I hope, and easily I believe, settle the de-
tails. First annex, and "all others things shall be
added thereto." Whether the country comes in by
the treaty-making power or by legislative enact-
ment—whether as a State or as a Territory, I care not.
I leave the discussion of the advantages or disad-
vantages of the various plans proposed, and now be-
fore the committee, to the authors of those projects—
contenting myself with the remark that, though
these plans may be "distinct as the billows," yet
they are all "one as the sea."
Sir, it seems to me a little strange that that politi-
cal party in this country who have always advo-
cated a latitudinous construction of the constitution,
who have no difficulty in so construing that instru-
ment as to authorize Congress to charter a national
bank, or to levy a tariff of exorbitant duties with
the view of alone protecting the American manufac-
turer, can find no authority for adding new terri-
tory. Yet there is an express provision in the con-
stitution which declares that "new States may be
admitted by the Congress into this Union." And if
States can be admitted by the authority of Congress,
there certainly can be no doubt but Territories may
be, with rights much less in number, and prerogatives
much more restricted, than those which belong to
sovereign States. It is an acknowledged rule of con-
struction in law that the major proposition always
includes the minor. Eut I will not weary the com-
mittee with repeating what has been more ably
said by others upon this part of the subject.
Last winter, when the rejected treaty was under
consideration in the other end of this Capitol, a dis-
tinguished whig senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Choate] took the ground that the only mode of
acquiring Texas was by bill or joint resolution,
having thereby the concurrence of both branches of
Congress. Mr. Clay, at the session of 1819, intro-
duced into this House the following resolution:
"Resolved, That the constitution of the United States vests
in Congress the powerto dispose of the territory belonging
to them, and that no treaty purporting to alienate any por-
tion thereof is valid without the concurrence ol Congre&s."
Now, what is the natural and reasonable inference
to be drawn from this resolution? Is it not that, if
the treaty-making power cannot alienate territory
without the concurrence of Congress, that power
cannot acquire it in the absence of that authority? i
propound this question to those who are the friends
of Mr. Clay and his policy, who now assume the
ground that by treaty is the only mode in which
territory can be acquired.
I do not, however, deny that the President of the
United States, with the concurrence of two-thirds of
the Senate, has a right to acquire territory. But
while I admit the power to exist, I have always
looked upon its exercise as dangerous, and, there-
fore, to be avoided. For if he has the right to ac-
quire, he also has the light to cede, territory: and,
granting the exercise of these rights, the peace-
loving citizens of Rhode Island, for instance, might
wake up some morning, and, to their great mortifi-
cation and extreme politic;.! chagrin, find themselves
the subjects of the petticoated successor of that
Charles to whose British charter they adhered with
so much tenacity, and for whose legacy they had so
high a veneration cs to imprison for life one of their
own sons, who desired to i eplaee it by an Ameri-
can constitution—and this transf'-r, too, without the
consent of her people, or of their immediate and
responsible representatives.
_ 1 hold that foreign territory may be acquired
either by conquest, occupation, purchase, treaty or
legislative compacts between independent nations;
and having clearly this right, the l ext question
arises, Ought Texas to he r::ar.nezed7 and if so, has
she tne right to form such a compact or treaty as
will accomplish that object? Our government. Mid-
land, France, Holland, Belgium, and all the princi-
pal nations \f Chiistendom, have acknowledged her
independence, have formed compacts or treat.es
with her, and have in all respects regarded her as
a sovereign nation. Thus situated, it seems to me
that no one can honestly deny her right to merge
her existence into, and become an integral part of,
another and adjoining nation; and I believe no para-
graph of international law can be shown contrary
to this doctrine, from G-rotius to Wheaton. She,
to be sure, has been a revolted province, and so was
the United States; but they were both, in their re-
spective revolutions, successful; and it is too late in
the day to raise the question, or to go into the in-
quiry, whether all that was done in either was
strictly right. Though, so far as I understand the
history of the Texian revolution, I know of noth-
ing unbecoming a brave and chivalrous people,
struggling with a determination to be free. They
were Americans—Anglo-Saxons; in their veins
coursed the blood of ancestors who had perished
for liberty on the green sward of Lexington or the
sandy plains of Cowpens; and they would have
been degenerate sons of illustrious sires if they had
tamely submitted to Mexican aggression and Mex-
ican usurpation. But all this has nothing to do le-
gitimately with the question at issue. Texas is in-
dependent; and as well might France or Germany
question the right of the United States to make
treaties or form alliances because the revolution
which resulted in our independence had its origin
in a lawless mob at Boston, as to dispute the right
of Texas to form a compact or treaty for the an-
nexation of her territory to our own. That both
nations would be benefited by such a union, I have
no doubt; and, in point of national defence, I hold
that the acquisition of Texas is almost, if not abso-
lutely indispensable. Two of our principal rivers
have their sources in that country; and should
Texas remain as she now is, or become a Mexican
or British province, she will, according to the law
of nations, be entitled to the free navigation of the
Arkansas, Red river, and even the Mississippi,
from the point where they disembogue to the Gulf
of Mexico, which would doubtless be the means of
constant conflict between the two nations. If pos-
sible, this should be avoided.
And here I must for a moment digress to notice
the extraordinary speech which was on yesterday
made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Brinker-
hoff.] If the speech had fallen from his colleague,
[Mr. Gipdings,] I should not have been surprised.
But such a speech, so full of gall and wormwood,
and especially towards his political friends, seemed
to me uncalled for, and in extreme bad taste. His
attack upon the high-minded and honorable Speaker
of this House—who, so far as I have learned, has
not only the confidence of his own party, but the
confidence and respect of the whole House, as a
gentleman of talents and strict integrity—whom
he charges with improper motives in the ar-
rangements of his committees—a charge not war-
ranted by the facts; his attack upon the President,
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Secretary of
State, and the South generally, I have not time to
notice. These gentlemen have long been known to
the country, and need not the aid of my feeble
tongue to defend them. The charges of corruption
against the Baltimore convention, at this time, is a
harmless weapon. A purer body of patriots never
assembled. Their country's good, and not the ag-
grandisement of a man, was their aim. "Measures
and not men," was their motto. Their decision has
been triumphantly sustained by the American de-
mocracy, and it is too late now to talk of the "deep
damnation" of taking off Mr. Van Buren, and put-
ting on Col. Polk. But, Mr. Chairman, in his sf-
veie phillipics against the men of his own party,
(Mr. Van Curen and Mr. Wright excepted.: c\".M
he not have spared Die gray hdiis of that eh! :n n
of the Hermitage? He told us that wh„t ilu.t ir.i
(meaning General Jackson) "had been m L, s ■y
was little betKr thou the insect c^'hd I union:-:."
General Jackson made to say1 General Jai k-f", t
cut's-paw in the hands ef any >. :■ : or ' ' of r j !
Who e .'er hrard such a chaige; mi1 t, 'no, mvle
by a member calling him elf a dti.:r."t ai' I bel.rve
it w5s the same gentleman who tni.l i,- 1 a ; ;;y u-vi'J
fmellas iveet by ony oH. er ■ „n:e, a sA  n \l
smell as bad." To the gc.'tleman, without an mtc.-
tionto be peiscnal, do 1 apply hi1: own a'u :;". For a
democrat to charge ihntpui c patriot, whose polarstar,
through a longand cvmtful life, ha., been lus rc:ii-
tiy'^gi.ud, wir'i being "medc to Sciy!"—a umi am! a
cat s-paw is, ii.tlccd, the "un;tindc^i cut of r,'!,' and
well may lie say, "God :a\e ir,e from my
I'll take care of my enemies." 1 speak warmly;
I cannot help it. Neither in tht.s hall norotuof it
will 1 sit still and hear impure or dishonest motives
