Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX 'To Tttfe dONORBSgtONAL GLOBE.
9?
28th Cong 2d Sess
Annexation of Texas—Mr. W. J. Brown.
H. of Reps.
attributed to that man, without meeting, and in a
proper manner repelling them. I hope the House
will pardon me for this digression, and permit me
to proceed.
Let any one, sir, examine the beautiful map of
the United States and adjacent territory, which
hangs in the, rear of the Speaker's chair, and they
will at once see that Texas is a part of the great
western valley, and that the natural boundary be-
tween the two natiohs seems to have been fixed by
the unerring hand of Almighty wisdom; and
that, when He flung the mountains out, and spread
the treeless desert beyond the Del Norte, He
intended to mark the line of separation between
two distinct nations. And whilst looking up-
on that map the other day, and tracing the
course of the father of waters—the mighty
Mississippi, with its Briarian arms—and reflecting
that all this beautiful valley was once ours before a
blundering diplomacy deprived us of it, I was invol-
untarily led to exclaim, "how superior is the wis-
dom of God to the wisdom of man!" If man had
had the formation of this river, he would have had
it running cast and west, with its source and mouth
in the same latitude, yielding the same kind of agri-
cultural products. But as it is, its source is in the
frigid regions of the ice belted north, and its mouth
in the "land of the orange and vine." On its capa-
cious bosom are boine the iron and coal of Pennsyl-
vania; the wheat, corn, flour, and salt of Ohio and
western Virginia; the hemp of Kentucky; the pork
of Indiana; the lead, copper, and agricultural pro-
ducts of Illinois, Iowa, Missouri, and Wisconsin, all
find ing a market in the South, and the price of which
would be greatly enhanced by the annexation of
Texas.
But the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. R.
Ingersoi.l] tells us that it is a land of marsh, and
swamj), and noxious vapors. True, a portion of
the land lying on the gulf is low; but that which is
sufficiently dry is peculiaily adapted to the growth
of the sugar-cane, and even that which is more
marshy is suited to the cultivation of rice. This is
the character of hut a small portion of Texas. Ken-
nedy, in his history of that country, speaking of the
lowlands, says:
"The piovaibng character ol" the .soil of the level regions
is a lich alluvisn, singularly !ree from those accumulations
ol stagnant watm, which, combined with a burning sun, and
exuberant regulation, render a large proportion of the
southern parts of the United States little better than a sick-
ly desert. The porous character ol the soil, the gradual el-
evations of the land towards the mtiuior, and ihe general
rise of the hanks fiom the bods of the sticams., piechule the
formation of swamps to any injuiious extent."
Gregg, in his Commerce of the Prairies, the
work quoted by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr j. R. Inuersoli,,] speaking of northern Texas,
says:
"Btwcen thr Bvjcos and .Red nvor, there is certainly the
most beautiful and pietui-rsque region I ha\e ever beheld.
I saw some of the finest timber, generally oak—not that
soruhby oak which characlewo so much of the Texian
territory—but large block and bur oak, such as would an-
swer alt thf purposes for which the largest timber is useful.
Between these two rivers, no doubt, there is destined to be
one of the most dense and prosperous settlements The fer-
tility of the soil is not exceeded by any 1 have seen, anil
from the high und undulating character of the countiy,
thepo can be no doubt of its being very healthy "
To the westward of Rio Brasos, and south of
some sandy and saline regions which border the up-
per portion of this stream, the same enterprising
traveller represents many of the valleys as rich and
beautiful.
Mr. Clay, in his speech in this House upon the
resolutions offered by him, and to which I have be-
fore alluded, speaking of the loss of this desirable
country, says:
"All accounts concurred in reyi'esenting Texas to be ex-
treme valuable Its superficial extent was three or four
times greater than Florida. The climate was delicious, the
soil fertile, the margins ot the rivers abounding with live-
oak, and the country admitting o, easy settlement.1'
But some object to the annexation, because they
say it will bring into this Union a large cotton-
growing district of country, and, by competition,
reduce the 2">riec of that staple. Instead of this be-
ing an argument against the restoration of this
country, it seems to me to be a very conclusive ar-
gument in favor of it. Cotton will grow just as
well in Texas as she is, or as she would t>e were
she a, Mexican p.ovince or a British dependency, as
it would were she a part of this great confederacy.
The United States and the republic of Texas now
contain almost all the cotton lands in the wide world.
England has failed m her attempts to cultivate this
article in India: she, of necessity, is dependent up-
17)
on this country. And how much better is it for us
to command the entire monopoly in the product of
this great staple, so indispensably necessary to the
very existence of the manufacturing interest of
Great Britain, than to see a rival nation rise up
alongside of ours! For, if Texas be not annexed
to this country, before fifty years England will sup-
ply her market, on favorable terms, from the cotton
fields of that country. But annex Texas, with her
rich and fertile plains, which will give us the cotton
monopoly of the world, and you do 'more
to secure permanent peace with Great Britain
than an armed host extending from the St.
Johns to the Sabine; for, after all, if we de-
sire peace with that country—and all should desire
it—we must rely more upon her interest than her
honor. But, say gentlemen who oppose this meas-
ure, if we take Texas, we must take her war with
Mexico. Now, Mr. Chairman, I deprecate war} I
would do everything in my power reasonably to
avert such a calamity, even with weak and imbecile
Mexico; but her war with Texas for the last nine
years has been rather a war of words than one
waged with deadly weapons. It may be justly said
of Santa Anna as a prelate said of Henry the Fourth:
"Does he but talk ot war,
And you shall hear a leartul battle
Rendered you m music."
To hear him talk and bluster, one would suppose
that he, like Michael Cassio—
"Was a soldier
Fit to stand by Cwsar, and gi\e direction-'
When marching at the head of his army for the
subjugation of Texas, he thought nothing would
impede his progress; and he even threatened never
to stop till he planted his standard upon the dome of
this very Capitol. But, alas! for his reputation as a
soldier, on the plains of San Jacinto he met Hous-
ton and a few Anglo-Saxon boys, some of whom
had learned war from ilie hero of New Orleans, and,
without any kind of difficulty, they diuve him from
the field with dreadful slaughter. He, coward-like,
sought refuge in a tree, and justice would have been
meted out to him for his black and damning deeds
if he had been brought down, as the western hun-
ters bring down a coon, with a rifle-ball. But his
life was spared, and he permitted again to return to
his own country; and, from the very moment of his
defeat and capture, the revolution was complete;
Texas was independent. From that time to
the present I have always been ready to vote for her
annexation to this country, if she desired it. Not-
withstanding all the bravado and bluster of Santa
Anna, last summer he made great preparation for
the invasion of Texas. But now, the very muni-
tions of warfare which were collected for that pur-
pose. are being .used to expel him and his satellites
from the country. Driven like chaff before the wind,
he will be compelled to seek refuge in the mountains,
where in vain he may call upon the craggy rocks of
the Cordilleras to fall upon him and hide him from
the wrath of an insulted and infuriated populace.
He is a doomed man; the vengeance of a just God
has at last overtaken him.
Mexico is treated as a civilized nation. But I
have always regarded her as approximating nearer
a savage than an enlightened and christian country.
Two American ministers, travelling under the pro-
tection of this government, have recently been rob-
bed by the lawless banditti that throng the public
avenues. In that country there is no protection for
life or property; and yet this is the people for whom
such a sympathy is manifested, that Texas must not
be annexed for fear of provoking a war. We are
told that they would send out their privateers and
capture our merchantmen, and annoy our commeice
upon the high seas. Let them do it. And the first
gun that is fired, or sabre drawn in hostile attitude,
their nation will be blotted from the map ot'the
world, and from the Mexican capital will wave the
stars and stripes of freedom. I was not astonished
to hear, a few days since, the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Winthrop] put this question upon
the old federal ground, that Congress had no right
to annex new or foreign territory to this country,
and to repudiate the precedent set by Jefferson m
the purchase of Louisiana, and afterwards sanction-
ed by Monroe, by the acquisition of Florida. Ac-
cording to this doctrine "the area of freedom" is al-
ready too large to suit their liberal views, and that
Louisiana and Florida at this moment ought to be-
long to other governments; that they are now a part
of this confederacy in violation of that sacred instru-
ment. This is the old exploded doctrine which is
now being revived for the purpose of throwing ob-
stacles in the way of extending the territory of the
mighty West, which, according to their views, is
already too large. The sceptrc is now departing
from federal Massachusetts; their statesmen antici-
pated it when the treaty of 1803 was signed and ap-
proved. At the consummation of this event I re-
joice; for experience, as well as the brief history of
this country, tells me that religious and civil liberty
thrives better in the forest wide than in the city full.
Bulwer has told us, with more political truth than is
usually volunteered by an English aristocrat, that
"man is always freer upon the mountain top than
in the market place."
There is always less moral and political corruption
in an agricultural country than in any other. It is
not in the wide-spread West where you are told of
frauds, perjuries, pipelaying, corruption, and bribery
in elections. You must go to the great cities and man-
ufacturing districts, where men are bought and sold in
the political market as oxen in the stall, to find this
kind of cormption. In my country the poorest man in
his humble cabin is as proud of that great birthright,
a freeman's franchise, as the richest banker in Wall
street. He eats his bread by the sweat of his brow;
ho casts a handful of corn not "upon the mountain
top," but in the rich alluvial soil, and it waves like
the cedars of Lebanon. He is an independant man.
He bows his knee to none but his God.
The tide of emigration is flowing on to the West.
It has crossed the Sabine, and now covers the rich
prairies of Texas,
"Those boundless unshorn fields, where lingers yet
The beauty of the earth e'er man had sinned."
Read the history of the western country, and you
will find that it was first discovered and settled by
La Salle, Hennepin, and others, from France.
They commenced their settlements at Vincennes,
Kaskaskia, Cahokia, Prairie de Rocher, and other
points, as early as 1670. But where are they now?
The Anglo-Saxon race, like a mighty flood, has swept
over the broad valley, and the descendant of the
Gaul has mingled in the great ocean that has cov-
ered the land. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. C. J. Ingersoll] says that this flood ought to
stop at the Del Norte. Whether it ought to cease
there, is another question; but I can tell the gentle-
man that it will not. A half a century will not roll
around before it will cover all Mexico; nor a century
pass by before it will find its way to Patagonia's
snow-invested wilds. How many republics it will
form, I will not pretend to predict; but their desti-
nies will be guided by A nglo-Saxon hands I have no
doubt. As early as 1820 Mr. Clay, speaking of
Texas, says:
"It was quite evident that, in the order of Providence,
it was the result of the inevitable laws of population—that
the whole of the continent, including Texas, was to be peo-
pled m process of time. The question was, by whose race
shall it bo peopled 1 In our hands it will be peopled by free
men, carrying with them our langnage, our laws, and our
liberties; establishing on the prairies of Texas temples dedi-
cated to the simple and devout modes of worship incident
to our religion, and temples dedicated to that lreedom which
we adore next to Him."
Texas assenting, she will be annexed to this gov-
ernment. The people have spoken; and in this
country they will be heard. My colleague over the
_way [Mr. C. B. Smith] says that one year ago the
people were against this measure. Now, I desire
to know how he arrives at that conclusion. What
evidence has he to sustain him m the declaration he
so confidently makes? To prove it he reads some
extracts from the Globe! I desire higher and better
evidence than is to be found in the declaration made
by any newspaper writer. As well might you talk
of a jury deciding before they were empanelled as
to say thnt, twelve months ago, the people were
against Texas. They had not then heard the evi-
dence, or the argument of the cause.
I regret that an attempt has been made to give to
this question a sectional or party character, 4.nd I
deprecate such an attempt, let it come from what
side of the House it may. It is no southern—no
slavery question. It is a national—an American
question. I came here with warm and ardent feel-
ings in favor of the West, for
'■It is my own, my native land."
But, sir, I came here determined to let no sectiona
question have an abiding place in my bosom; and if
1 were influenced by such motives, I would vote for
the annexation of Texas as a western question; for
by annexation you extend the area of free trade;
you open their ports to all the great staples of west-
ern agriculture. The agricultural States of the
West, in a pecuniary point of view, are this mo-
ment more interested in the restoration of that beau-^
