98
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38th Gong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Owen.
Jan. 1845.
H. of Reps.
tiftjl country than any part of the South. But it is
said th&t this great national matter must not. be con-
summated, because it will increase slavery, and the
slayeholding influence in the councils of the nation.
T^at question has been so ably discussed by others
■that I scarcely deem it necessary to mention it here
1 come from a free State—a State where African sla-
very is not tolerated, and where I trust in God it never
will be; but, at the same time, we have no disposi-
tion to disturb this compromise feature in our con-
stitution. We adhere to it; and although, for one, 1
do not regard the compromise settled by the admis-
sion of Missouri binding, yet I am for adhering to it.
In the details of any bill which we may pass, I think
it better, for the safety of all, that it be preserved in-
violate. Now is the time to settle that question.
The safety of all requires that it should not be left
open.
Bat should Texas be admitted as an entire slave
territory, it will not change the equipoise in the Sen-
ate. We have Iowa and Wisconsin yet to come in
as States; and Nebraska and all of Oregon that is
north of the Missouri compromise line, must be ad-
mitted as free States. Oregon alone is aa large as
Texas; and every foot of it we will have, up to 54
degrees 47 minutes. That is our ultimatum, and not
one inch short of it. To England, who assumes to
be the proud mistress of the world, we say, "thus
far may you come, and no farther."
Slavery, sir, is a southern institution, to be sure,
but it is guarantied to them by the constitution; and
for one, while one drop of blood runs in my veins,
■will I, to the utmost of my power, protect them m
the enjoyment of those rights reserved by the com-
promises of that sacred compact. If slavery is a
curse to the country, we of the West—especially we
who represent that portion of the West ceded to us
by Virginia—are the last that should complain. To
that good old "mother of States and statesmen" aie
we indebted for relieving us of that evil. She might
have made perpetual slavery one of the conditions
of that cession. But she did not do so; and for that
generous act we owe to her a lasting debt of grati-
tude.
But gentlemen from the North say we must have
half the territory, in which slavery never shall be
admitted. When Oregon shall be knocking at the
door of the Union, suppose southern gentlemen
should say, "You must give us slavery in one-half
of that territory!" Where is the member from a free
State who would consent to this? For one, I would
never agree to it, because it would be extending
■lav#ry north of the Missouri compromise line.
Twenty-four years ago, when the Missouri ques-
tion shook this Union to the centre, this compro-
mise line was fixed, and I do not now wish to see it
disturbed. South of that line let slavery exist,
until it shall "become extinct by the inevitable laws of
population," if that time ever comes. Had I time I
could show conclusively that the institution of
slavery would not be extended by the annexation of
Texas. I could also show that white slavery, as it
exists in the manufacturing districts at the North,
•would be greatly diminished by opening a wide field
for emigration to those who are now bound dowji
by toil in the steam and grease-scented manufacto-
ries of the North, where they may become owners
of the soil, and be freemen indeed. The northern
abolitionists say that the free labor, as it exists
among them, is much cheaper than the slave labor
at the South, and recommend that system to the
southern planter as a matter of economy. If their
statement be true—and I am not prepared to doubt
it—what does it argue? The inference certainly is
that the free laborer at the North either works hard-
er or fares worse than the slave, who is only fed and
clothed for his labor.
Mr. Chairman, with the honorable gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Yancey,] who so eloquently
and powerfully addressed the committee some few
days since, I regret that this debate has been warp-
ed from the strict discussion of the question under
consideration, and thus degenerated into a party
matter. I regret that this hall has been converted
into a political amphitheatre, for feats of glachtorial
combatants. But as the member from North Car-
olina [Mr. Clinoman] has seen fit to review the
late presidential canvass, I trust I shall be pardoned,
in closing, for wandering from the legitimate track
of debate, to allude to a portion of an article contain-
ed in the London Times, which concludes thus:
"His (Mr, Polk's) election to this important office is a vie-
by the adventurous and unscrupulous democra-
the new States, and the foreign population in those
* mote austere an<l dignified republicanism of
Thus spoke a tory menial in livery on one side
of the Atlantic, sympathizing with his federal al-
lies in mourning on the other, because "a fellow
feeling made him wondrous kind." "The austere
and dignified republicanism of New England !"
Sir, there was a time m our infant history when
republicanism and liberty grew spontaneous in New
England soil; when "independence now, and inde-
pendence forever" was the trumpet-shout of her pil-
grim sons; when republicanism stained • with its
warm life-blood the top of Bunker Hill, and girt,
as with a mantle, the green mountain boys at Ben-
nincton; when Warren and Allen and Stark in the
field, and Hancock and Adams and Sherman in the
council, engraraTtheir names upon the very founda-
tion stone of the republic, because they rode upon
the foremost billows of the revolution; a time when
hatred to tyrants filled the sails of the Speedwell,
and sentineled the decks of the Mayflower. "But
how art thou fallen, 0 Lucifer, thou son ofthemorn-
ng!" Where was the "dignified and austere re-
publicanism," of Massachusetts in particular, in the
second war of independence? Was it manifested m
the lengthened line of blue lights that burned
along her rock-bound coast? Was it in the shout of
exultation which went up, within sight of Lexing-
ton, upon the reception of the news that the federal
city had been taken, and the Capitol of the nation
was in flames? Did it exhibit itself when, but a
few years ago, the holy cross, that terrestrial emblem
of a celestial hope, above the Ursuhne convent, tell
amid the conflagration of a Boston mob? Or, for-
sooth, is it to be discovered in the petition of a por-
tion of her citizens, praying the Congress of the
United States to take efficient steps in order to dis-
solve this blood-cemented Union of ours? I pause
for a reply.
And, sir, who are the "adventuious and unscru-
pulous democracy of the new States," that this pan-
derer to the eapiices of a petticoat government thus
attempts to defame' They are
"Thp bold yeomsnry, their country's pride,
Which, once ilesnoyed, can np-\ er he supplied."
Tliey are the euhwales and knee-timbers of the
vessel of State; their bones in the war of 3812
bleached upon the plains of Talledega, and their
blood empurpled the snows of Raisin; they are the
vigilant sentinels upon the ramparts of freedom;
they are the men of the plough and the anvil, standing
up in the imasce of the Almighty, who never "crook
tae pregnant hinges the knee, that thrift may follow
fawning;" who, though poor, are yet too rich to be
bribed; who, though unlettered, are impregnable
against the assaults of the designing demagogue;
who, though unskilled in diplomacy, yet "know
their rights, and knowing, dare* maintain them."
Men of swarthy cheeks, and brawny hands, but
philanthropic hearts; men who ask nothing of their
neighbors butjustice, nothing of their government
but equal laws, and nothing of heaven but mercy,
the shower and the sunshine. These are they
whom a pensioned British courtier characterizes
as the "adventurous and unscrupulous democ-
racy."
The member from North Carolina, [Mr. Cling-
man,] in the course of his remarks, seemed to take
peculiar pleasure in calling Col. Polk "obscure,
unknown, and pigmy." Sir, he does not understand
the character of the statesman he has undertaken
to malign. The man who was the standard-bearer
of the great republican army in the contest which has
just terminated; whose name was the rallying cry for
the party of equality and justice from the Aroostook
to the Arkansas, from the Savannah to the Maumee;
who will be the next President of the proudest na-
tion upon the broad face of God's given earth, is
not "obscure, unknown and pigmy." His devotion
to democratic, principles and human rights has been
surpassed by none. Around him the country has
rallied with confidence and zeal, and upon his patri-
otism and integrity we can all triumphantly repose.
The member has said that Col. Polk was foisted
upon even his own party. Sir, the accusation is
unfounded. His nomination was procured by no
stratagem—by no double-dealing—by no election-
eering fraud. He came before his countrymen with
clean hands and a pure conscience—the nominee of
no clique—the tool of no faction. He had no shield
to protect him from the arrows of the malevolent
but an unspotted reputation, and no helmet but the
high hope of the pure in heart. He was em-
phatically the candidate of the people. Amid the
claghmg interests of numerous aspirants, and the
jarring conflict of sectional jealousies, he was brought
out by the concurring opinion of every division, and
the unanimous vote of the entire convention. The
office sought him—he did not seek the office. What
stronger guaranty for purity and patriotism could
any man require?
The announcement of his harmonious nomination
was hailed by a tornado of enthusiasm, which m the
end uprooted almost every knotty oak of fedeialism
in spite of the tenacity of the clay soil m which it
grew. The Rev. Mr. Bascomb's most fervent
prayers, and the Rev. Mr. Brownlow's most spirit-
ual songs for the success of another were alike una-
vailing; they smote the rock with an unholy wand,
and not one drop of limpid water gushed forth to
cool their parched tongues.
James K. Polk may correctly be called one of the
fixed stars in the republican firmament, burning
brightly above the haven of constitutional safety.
The whole course of his life demonstrates that he is
pre-eminently a virtuous and an honest man, with a
clear head, and, what is much better, an honest heart.
And here, sir, allow me to remaik, that of all the
qualities m the character of a statesman, integrity—
integrity is the first: with this in your public
rulers, combined with prudence, and that homely
quality, strong common sense, you cannot be in
danger; without it you can never be in safety. Hon-
est errors may be corrected; brilliant corruption will
soon become fatal.
Such is a faint daguerreotype of the chief magis-
trate elected to preside over the destinies of this great
and mighty people—great, because they are intelli-
gent, and mighty, because they are free. He has
been chosen not for his sake, but for his country's.
In a monarchy, one man is everything, and the peo-
ple are nothing. In a republic, the people are every -
thing, and one man is nothing. Your happiness
and prosperity—aye, sir, the happiness and pros-
perity of any one citizen in the confederacy—is more
important than the gratification of any individual,
by elevating him to office, however intellectual the
man, however lofty the station. This is the demo-
cratic law and the prophets.
And, sir, now—which may be the last time ni}"-
voice is heard in this hall—T venture the prediction
that, under the command of the "Young Hickory of
Tennessee," the ship of state will again, as in Jack-
son's days, "walk the waters as a thing of life," and
feel the waves of prosperity bound beneath her
"like a steed that knows his rider;" that the tables
of stone, upon which are engraved our political dec-
alogue, (the constitution,) will remain unbroken.
I believe that, under the new administration, hones-
ty will be exalted, integrity rewarded, accountabili-
ty demanded, and peculation debased. That the
happiness of the laboring millions will be its pillar
of cloud by day and of fire by night; that everything
will be done which a government legitimately can
do to make all their ways be ways of pleasantness,
and all their paths be paths of peace; that its shield
will be principles, its sword justice, and its battle-
ments the hearts of the people. Then, in the mag-
nificent language of an Irish orator, the world shall
exclaim: "Happy, proud America! the lightnings
of Heaven yield to your philosophy—the tempta-
tions of earth cannot seduce your patriotism."
SPEECH OF MR. R. DALE OWEN,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives, January 8,1845.
[The House being in Committee of the Whole
on the State of the Union, and having under consid-
eration Joint Resolution No. 46, for annexing Texas
to the United States,]
Mr. OWE?? said: In the brief time which our
rule allots to debate in this House, one is compelled
to select from among the various topics of any im-
portant subject. Leaving, then, the details of the
several plans of annexation to be discussed by their
authors, T shall say but a word on the constitution-
al argument, already ably touched on; an argument,
however, which it is difficult fully and with precis-
ion to make, until we shall be able to distinguish
in what particular form annexation is likely to be
consummated.
We have talked of a "treaty of annexation," un-
til these have become familiar words. Is it certain,
that such an act can be properly consummated by a
treaty at all? A treaty is a compact between two
sovereign nations. Now, at what moment could
what we have called a treaty of annexation have
been such a compact? Not certainly before it was
ratified. Until then, it was of no force whatever;
an escrow; inchoate, as lawyers say. But would it
have beena treaty after its ratification? Suppose the
