100
appendix to the congressional globe.
Jan. 184&
58th Cong.. ..2d Sesls.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Owen.
H. of Reps.
ern innovator, to sustain my position. I presume
to hope, that the counsellor of Queen Christina,
when he happens to decide in favor of liberty, will
not be rejected by them as ultra-democratic au-
thority,. Yet here is his doctrine:
. "According to the law of nations, not only the person
W^O makes war upon just grounds; but any one whatever
engaged in regular aud formal war, becomes absolute proprie-
tor of everything which he takes from the enemy, so that
all nations respect his title, and the title of all, who derive
through him their .claim to such possessions: which, as to all
foreign relations, constitutes the true idea of dominion."—
Rights of War and Peace, Book III, Chap. VI.
As to. the principle according to which the words
"takes from the enemy" are to be construed, Gro-
tius adds:
"la this question upon the rights of war, nations hare de-
Clded, that a person is understood to have made a capture,
when he. detains a thing in such a manner, that the owner has
abandoned all probable hopes of recovering it."—Ibid.
In regard to ships, for example, they are held to
be captured, G-rotius says, when they are "carried
into some of the captor's ports, or to some place
where their whole fleet is stationed." And as to
p«rsonal effects generally, he informs us, that Euro-
pean powers have made it an "established maxim
of the law of nations," that "captures shall be deem-
ed good and lawful which have continued in the
enemy's possession for the space of twenty-four
hours."
As to lands, the principle is the same, but the ap-
plication somewhat different. Grotius's words are;
"Lands are not understood to become a lawful possession
aad absolute conquest from the moment they are invaded.
For, although it is true, that an army takes immediate and
violent possession of the country which it has invaded, j et
that can only be considered as a temporary possession, un-
accompanied by any of the rights and consequences alluded
tointnis work, till it ha<? been secured by some durable
means, by cession or by treaty Ibid.
And a little further on is an example of the "du-
rable means" here spoken of. He says:
"Now land will be considered as completely conq"eied
Whea it is enclosed and secured by pennancnt fortificationa,
so that no other state or sovereign ca,n have fiVc access to
it without first making themselves masters of those lbitifl.
cations. On this account Flaccuc, the Sicilian, assigns no
improbable conjecture for the origin of the word territory,
because the enemy ig deterred from entering it.-"— Ibid.
Here, without cession, without treaty, fortifica-
tions are held to be "durable means" to secure terri-
tory, and to give absolute title.
From all this the rule of law is clear. Temporary
possession of territory, by mere invasion, does not
confer legal title.' Permanent possession does.
Possession to be permanent, must be scoured by
cession, by treaty, or by other durable means; as, for
example, by fortifications. This latter condition
was strictly applicable in former ages, when, as
Zenophon expressed it, "in time of war the pos-
session of a country is kept by walls, strongholds
an3 barriers." But such is not now the custom'
and the law does not require what is nugatory and
useless. Any other condition of things which de
stroys all probable hopes of recovery, which pro-
vides means as effectual as were the fortifications of
the olden time, to deter the enemy from entering a
conquered territory; does, ift fact, equally with that
antique specification, confer legal title. Such a con-
dition of' things is a regular government, formally
established and duly administered, extending its
laws over the territory in question, peacefully and
with general acquiescence; an organized army and
navy, prepared to protect that government; but,
above all, stable, enduring possession; entire pos-
session, with not a city, town, or even petty foitiess
remaining in the hands of the enemy; possession
undisturbed by any invasion that is respectable or
formidable enough seriously to threaten reconqucst.
Sach a state of things exists, and has for years
existed, in Texas. It eminently fulfils the condi-
tion, that possession shall be secured by durable
means, so as to take away all probable hopes of re-
aorery. It fulfils it far more effectually than do
Zenophon's "walls, strongholds and barriers."
The plain truth is, that the government of Texas
shows, at this very moment, more signs of stability
than that of Mexico; and that the "province," to
say the least of it, has quite as good a chance to
conquer the mother country, as the mother country
to resubjagate the "province."
This, I admit, has not, even since the battle of
St. Jacinto, always been so. It is Time, the enac-
tor of, and voucher for, the Common Law under
which we live—it is Time, that has perfected the
.Texian title. "What to-day is fact," as some one
has well expressed it, "to-morrow becomrs doc-
Por a brief space after Houston's brilliant
victory, the world still remained in suspense as to
the ultimate issue of the contest. The "durable
means" had not yet been used, to secure permanent
possession. And while that condition of things
lasted, scrupulously did the United States conform
to its requirements. In the autumn of 1836, Texas
formally applied for admission into our confeder-
acy. What did our Chief Magistrate—lie who
now, in his retirement, bids us not delay? Did he
evince (as the gentleman from Massachusetts,
charges that we have evinced) indecent haste, to
obtain this rich territory? On the contrary, he re-
jected the overture. "A too early movement," said
Seneral Jackson, "might subject us, however un-
justly, to the charge of seeking to establish the
claims of our neighbors to territory, with a view to
its subsequent acquisition by ourselves."
A second time, in August, 1837, the Texians ap-
plied, through their Minister General Hunt, desir-
ing to be annexed to our Union. And yet again—
this time by Mr. Van Buren—the proposal was
declined.
Thus, in the early stage of Texian self-govern-
ment, we but acknowledged her independence as
existing in fact. We suffered year after year to
set its seal of permanence on the existence and the in-
stitutions of the young republic, before we permitted
ourselves to accept any offers, however advantage-
ous, that involved the question of the validity in law
of that independence, and the consequent compe-
tency of Texas to convey, under good title, her ter-
ritory.
But the years of suspense and probation have
passed. It is weakness, not prudence, in us longer
to delay her full recognition. In former years we
judged the fact of the independence of Texas for the
time being, and acknowledged her de Jacto. Now,
we judge of her peimanent independence, and ac-
knowledge her also He jure. We are, for ourselves,
in both eases, the judge. That is, as a sovereign
people, our privilege.
What plea will Mexico or Mexico's friends set
up, in arrest of that judgment' I bethink me of
but one; Mexico has a thousand times urged it; it
is the bnrdfn of her justification. The plea is,
that the Texian struggle was a rebellion, not a revo-
lution; that the Texians are still but rebels and
traitors, and have none of the rights of enemies in
war.
It might be enough to reply, as Webster replied
to Bocanegra:
"The government of the United States :'oes not maintain,
and never has maintained, the doctiine of perpetuity oi natu-
ral allegiance. And sure!) Mexico mamtnim no such doc-
trine; because her actual existing government, like that of
the United States, is founded on the principle that men may
throw otl'the obligation of that allegiance to which they
were bom.'1-- Uespolrh oj July 8, lb-U.
But there larks not authority higher than Web-
ster's in the case. Vattel has treated it at large.
Here is the substance of his doctrine:
"Some writers confine this term (civil war) ton justin-
surrcction oi the subjects against their sovereign, to distin-
guish that lawful resistance from rebellion, winch is an open
and unjust resistance. But what appellation will they give
to a war which arises in a republic torn by two faction?,
or m a monarchy between two competitors for the crown?"
—Law of nations, Book III Chaj>. XVIII.
A little farther on, he proceeds to give his own an-
swer to the question:
''The sovereign, indeed, never fails to bestow the appel-
lation of rebels on all such of his subjects openly icsi^t
him: but when the latter have a< quired sufficient strength to
him fjfeehiul opposilwn, ai.d to oblige him to can y on the
war according to the establish,-d iu/(s,he mu?t necessanly
nibmitto the use of the term, 'civil v,ar."W<W.
And, as to such a war, Vattel declares:
"Itis evident, /hut the common laics of war—those maxims
of humanity, moderation and honor, which we have already
detailed ra the comse of thi^s work—ought to be obscived by
both paittes m ectry civil it-ar^—Ibid.
A word about humanity by-and-by. Meanwhile
suffer me to ask, whether in the case of Santa An-
na, the Texians ''acquired sufficient strength to
give him effectual resistance."" The Mexican Dic-
tator will hardly deny that. And if he cannot, shall
it be tolerated, that Mexico, by a paltry fiction
which deceives no one, not even herself, should per-
sist in assuming that there is no such Republic as
Texas: that the lands lying between the Del Norte
and the Sabine form but a petty revolted province
of hers, which, when she can find a lew weeks leis-
ure, she will deign to chastise and resubjugate?
All this, if the subjcct were less grave, might pass
as a piece of national pleasantry. As it is, it is lit-
tle short of an insult to the common sense of man
kind.
And we but sanction that insult, if we longer hold
back in our judgment, sustained as it is by the com-
mon voice of the world, that Texas has been receiv-
ed as an equal into the family of nations; and now
enjoys, as fully as any other nation upon earth, the
powers and rights of an independent sovereign.
Enough on this branch of the subject. But now,
dismissing the question of right, we are met by
numerous objections against the expediency of an-
nexation, as a measure fraught with evil conse-
quences to human improvement, even with dan-
ger to the integrity of our Union. One of these—
esteemed the gravest by some good men—is made
in a sacred cause; in the name of human liberty.
It is, that, in receiving Texas, we increase and per-
petuate slavery among men.
We increase slavery? By what process? When,
by act of Congress or otherwise, we cause that
country now called the Republic of Texas to be
styled henceforth the Territory, or the State of
Texas, does that reduce a single humaw being, not
now a slave, to the condition of forced vassalage-5
]NTo one will pretend that it can. But it will increase
the number of slaves in the United States? Undoubt-
edly. And so also will it surely increase, within
the United States, the number of murders, and thefts,
and breaches of the peace; unless we imagine
Texas a Utopia, where crimes and offences are ut-
terly unknown.
Every human enterprise is of checkered conse-
quences. "The lives of the best of us,"asit has been
somewhere well said, "are spent in choosing be-
tween evils." In this world of imperfections, the
practical question to be answered before we act, is,
not whether our action is to produce unmixed good
—to no human policy is it given thus to operate—
but whether the good it promises will preponderate
over the evils to which it may open the door. In
admitting Texas, we increase, to some extent, our
slave territory. But shall we count it for nothing,
on the other hand, that we increase also, by one-
sixth, our Union; happy, prosperous, blessed, even
will all her faults, as we feel her to be. Is it a priv-
ilege to be a citizen of these United States; to sit down
m peace and safety under the shelter of our repub-
lican institutions? And shall we count for nothing
the extension of that privilege to tens of thousands
now living; its prospective extension to millions
more yet to live?
We can find no Utopia to annex. It is right or
it is wrong, it is wise or it is unwise—-apart from
all temporary and sectional considerations,—to ex-
tend the national territory. If right and wise, we
must be content, in carrying out such extension, to
take things as we find them. Who are we, that we
should be thus scrupulous in admitting into our con-
federacy a territory now tolerating slavery, because,
in so doing, we are still to continue, over that terri-
tory, or over a portion of it, to tolerate, for a time,
that institution'1 Who are we, and what has been
our course? Have we hitherto added one foot to the
national domain by treaty with the Red Man, I say
not without finding evils in the added territory, but
without creating tiiem there? What think you of
the transition state of the Indian, brought upon lnm
by us, in which we take from him the bold, rude
virtues of aboriginal life, and bestow, m return, on-
ly the lowest vices of civilization? What think you
of the slavery of intemperance, the miseries of
disease—our fatal gifts to the original lords of this
broad land; now melting them away, till their very
name will disappear from the living tribes of
earth5 Yet when did the consideration of such eon-
sequences ever arrest the signature of an Indian
treaty?
But Texas annexation will perpetuate slavery*
To me its probable consequences seem the very re-
verse of this. The impression is becoming general,
that it would speedily drain off a large portion of
the slave population of the northern slave Stales;
and aid in effecting, what modern abolitiuni&m has re-
tarded, the peaceful and gradual emancipation of
slaves in Kentucky, Virginia, Maryland, Delaware,
and then in other States. But there is yet another
view to be taken of it. Slavery, like monarchy,
is a temporary evil. It will disappear, as all tem-
porary evils must disappear, so soon as it becomes,
and is generally felt to be, commercially unprofita-
ble. We arc rapidly ncaringthat point. The grow-
ing density of population and consequent increasing
competition in manual labor, is driving us, year by
year, towards it. And as it is gradually reached,
m the several States; as the day arrives when a
slave becomes a negative quantity in the market;
when his master shall desire, by emancipation, to
free himself from an incumbrance) in that day,
