102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.Tan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d S®ss.
Annexation of Texas—Mr, Dean.
H. of Reps.
meant to intimidate; too horrible to be fulfilled. If
the bloodshed on the plains of Goliad had a voice;
if the walls of the Alarne could speak; would they
vouch for it, that Mexico is too tenderhearted to
keep her word? The treaty of capitulation with
poo^ Fannin was formally drawn up and signed by
both Mexican and Texian officers; yet the morning
of Palm Sunday saw four hundred disarmed men
marched out and shot down, like beeves in a
slaughter-house. From what-has been we are jus-
tified in deciding what will be.
But still, if these threatened crimes are committed
by Mexico, where do we find warrant to interpose
and arrest them? That, too, shall be forthcoming.
It would be strange if it could not be found. Of
what use is a law without a penalty? Of what
avail the law of nations, if nations are not authoriz-
ed to see it ob'eyed! So decides Vattel:
"The laws of natural society are of such importance to
the safety of all the States, that, if the custom once prevailed
of trampling them under foot, no nation could flatter her-
self with the hope of preserving her national independence,
and enjoying domestic tranquillity. * * * Ail nations
have therefoie a right to ) esoi t tn forcible means for the pur-
pose of 1 epressing any one particular nation who openly vio-
lates the laws of the society which nature has established he-
tween them, or who directly attacks the welfare and safety
ofthat .society.7'—Vattel, Prelim, p Ixiv.
Here, then, we have the law and its application.
Mexico has openly violated, and declared her pur-
pose, in aggravated form, again openly to violate,
the holiest laws of civilized society. By so doing
she justifies us in resorting to force for the purpose
of repressing her. Shall we do so? It is not
always expedient to avail ourselves of a right.
We: are not bound to become the Don Q.uix-
otes of the age, and sally forth to redress
all the grievances of the civilized world. That has
never, so far, been the policy of our country.
Greece and Poland had more or less of our sympa-
thy, and that was all. We assumed not to decide
on the British doings in Afghanistan, or to judge
the conduct of the opium war against China. But
Texas is our next neighbor, and was once under our
special guardianship. We arc, to employ the law
phrase ill its strictest sense, her nearest friend. To
us, if to any nation upon earth, she has a right to
look for succor and protection. Shall we forsake
her now?
If such be our decision, it behooves us, as pru-
dent men, fully to digest our plan; and trace it to its
final consequences.
Say that we remain inactive and neutral, and suf-
fer things to take their course. What happens?
Conquer Texas Mexico cannot; but invade her she
may; present appearances indicate she will. Just at
this moment, indeed, Mexico is embroiled at home. '
But her civil wars are ever of short duration. And
to Texas it matters little which of the barbarians
triumph. They have both, like Hannibal at the
altar, sworn eternal enmity to her. They vie with
each other in protestations of zeal. Death and de-
struction to the Texians!—that, even now, is the
theme of every despatch, the burden of every proc-
lamation. The victor, be he Paredes or Santa An-
na, is pledged to carry out, without delay, in all- its
barbarity, the menaced invasion. To sustain and
give brilliancy to newly-gotten power, he must re-
deem his pledge. Imagine the sequel! The Rio
Bravo is crossed. Another league, and a ruffian
soldiery—their swords yet wet with the blood of
their countrymen—enter the doomed land. Must 1
call up before you the scenes that are to ensue?
Cruel, at best, and terrible, is the trade of war! But
a war of extermination! A war, where the eye
pities not! where the sword spares not where
the command is, to save alive none that breathe!
Conquerors, even in the flush of victory, have wept
over a field of battle, where the strong man died,
his weapon in his hand, the frown of defiance yet
anfaded from his brow. But a field of slaughter,
indiscriminate slaughter, slaughter of the defence-
less, the unresisting!—a field, where mingle, defiled
in dust and gore, the white locks of venerable age
and the fair soft hair of unoffending childhood!
Think—think what it is—this carnage of a nation,
without distinction of age, of condition—there is
yet more—of SEX !—Do you remember the words
of the Dramatist'
"The man who lays his hand upon a woman,
Save in the way of kindness, it a wretch,
Whom 'twere base flattery to call a coward!"
And it is woman—it is that gentle being whom
v the desert lion himself is said to pity and to spare—
it is the young mother—her infant charge sheltered
i  her arms—it is the wife and mother, fleeing to
rescue her person from the pollution of a brutal
banditry—to save the child of her bosom from their
murderous steel—it is even she, to adopt, in all
their cold official atrocity, the words of the decree
of blood, who, if she be "rash enough to fly"—at
.the sight of this approaching horde of assassins—
is to be "pursued until taken or put to death!"—
 And what then? The report of these deeds of
crime and shame is to come to us across the Sabine.
The story of each succeeding brutality is to sink
down, in all its damning details, into the hearts of
our people. The South, with her fiery pulseand her
hot chivalry, is to hear it. The West, with her
fearless spirit and her quick sympathies, is to hear
it. The jNorth—yes, the North, less quickly roused,
yet bearing, under her snow, a warm heart of pity—
is to hear it. And, when the. shadow of these
deeds of darkness has settled down, like a pall over
the entire land, I ask it yet again, what then?—"It
is no concern of ours. "Let them perish !"—Will
that be the language—that the spirit—of young
America? I—but her adopted child—even I dare,
in this, to answer for her. No, no, a thousand
times, no! We may turn over here the leaves of
musty volumes; we may quote black-letter within
these walls, in proof, that it is ourbounden duty to
stand passively by, without an effort to save, with-
out a protest to avert, and see our brethren of Tex-
as, their wives and their little ones, butchered before
our eyes. See if the People will not make the case
their own! We have not yet, in this hemisphere,
reached the age of placid indifference. A nation's
eaily youth, like man's, is full of warm and genei-
ous impulse. You will see it! Mark what the de-
cision of this nation will be ! That we have a right
to interfere? I tell you, no!—other than that
will be her language—that we have no right
to hold back! There is a law more holy, far
more imperative, than the law of the statute
hook—the unwritten law of the human heart
—that law, which taught the Samaritan that he
was the neighbor of him who fell among thieves.
And that law, speaking from the hearts of a young
and noble people, will declare to us, that if we pass
by on the other side and abandon our neighbors of
Texas to their fate, ours is the crime, ours the scan-
dal, ours, before the world, the shame! And so it
is! When we sit tamely down under threats like
these—when mercy and courage are so quenched
within us, that we suffer, unprotested, outrage thus
infamous on the law of nature and of nations—out-
rage, we are expressly told, that is to spread its
crimson stain even to our very borders—then let our
fair national escutcheon trail, shame-stained, in the
dust; we are not worthy to give its broad folds to
the free and gentle breeze of Heaven!
I speak warmly, sir. I feel warmly. Who may
touch on subjects like that with a quiet pulse? Yet
do I place my confidence in an appeal to sober judg-
ment, not to hasty passion. I but ask you, to look
into the future, before you act. That is the part of
wisdom. 1 but ask you, to examine, step by step,
the issue of the policy which the friends of peace at
any price would have us pursue. I ask you to re-
flect, whether, in taking those steps, we shall be
sustained by those who sent us here. I put to you
the question: will our constituents be satisfied, in the
present attitude of Mexico, with apathetic inaction,
tame indifference, stoical neutrality? Each one
must answer that question for himself. I can but
say, that it is not my judgment of our people. I
have found them neither cold nor passionless. And
they must be both, if they demanded not, that now,
even at the threshold of these menaced atrocities,
while yet the assassin's sword is undrawn, their
government should interpose (as it has interposed)
m the name of outraged humanity, in the name of
violated law, its solemn protest against them. Should
that protest be effectual, well; our interpostion will
averted murder and preserved peace: but
should it prove unavailing, and the butchery, in very
deed, proceed, the spirit of our fathers must be
dead within us, if we grudge our treasure or our
blood, whenever both may be needed, to arrest
Mexican barbarity.
My conclusions are, then: that it is both wise and
lawful to accede to the wishes of Texas, and incor-
porate that country into our Union; and that, till
that incorporation is consummated, it is our duty to
protest, and, if need be, to protect Texas, against
all violations of international law, with which ^he
has been menaced. The custom of nations perrmu
this course; our national honor demands it. Bold-
ness and plain dealing, ©hastened by prudent fore-
sight, are a nation's best resource against foreign en-
encroachment; her surest means to avert the calami-
ties of war. Boldly, then, und without reserve, let
us meet this question. Let us aniKX Texas at
once. The liberal portion of the world will ap-
prove, the rest will acquiesce; and, in ten years, the
wonder will be, not that Texas lias settled quietly
down into an integral portion ol our confederacy;
but that men should ever have been found, so blind
to the interests of their country, as to oppose her
annexation.
SPEECH OF ME. DEAX,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives, Juiiuary 10, Ir* lo - On
the joint resolutions for the annexation ut Ttxa1;
to the United States.
Mr. DEAN addressed the committee as follows.
Mr. Chairman: 1 have never risen to address the
committee when I felt so little confidence in my own
ability to do justice to the subject under considera-
tion as I do at this time. 1 look upon this question
as one among the most important that has ever been
submitted to an American Congress, it is no less
than the question of annexing to this Union an en-
tire, free, independent and sovereign State; and it is
not the matter alone that is involved in the contro-
versy, but whether we possess the coiisl'dutionul
er to annex a foreign, independent State to thu>
Union. This, sir, is the great question, and. in my
humble opinion, the only question of n^gm? u<i< in-
volved. Sir, it is the first time that C'oj.L'irvs h«s
been called upon, since our political exist< nee a.-, a
nation, to exercise and determine its constitutional
power upon a question like this. It thrrnfore he-
comes us as statesmen, holding as we do m our
hands the destiny of a nation, to give to this bubject
that calm and deliberate investigation which its im-
portance demands. And whilst 1 admit the binding
obligations of the co stitiUion as paramount, pre-
scribing rules winch I will not violate, and scitina
i bounds beyond which I will not knowingly pass,
I yet I hold it to be my duty, und the duty of e\ery
! statesman, whenever a subject involving the
question of constitutional power is presented for my
determination, to come up boldly to the point, and
assume the responsibility of cxcrcismg all the pow-
er conferred by the constitution that maybe neces-
sary to determine correctly the matter in contio-
versy.
A question like this, so new in its character, and
which must be so important in its result, whether
decided for or against the proposition, ought to re-
ceive at the hands of this committee that thorough
and searching investigation which is necessary sat-
isfactorily to elucidate every point involved in the
controversy.
There are three important considerations involved
in this question; all of which must be decided in
the affirmative before I shall be willing to give it
my suppport.
First: Has Congress the constitutional power to
admit Texas into this Union? Secondly: Has Texas;
the power, and is she willing, to become one of the
States of this Union? And thirdly: Is it expedient
and desirable on our part to form the connectirnr
I will now, sir, briefly as 1 can, examine these
propositions.
First, then, as to the constitutional power of Con-
gress over this subject. The 3d section of the
4th article of the constitution declares that "new
States may be admitted by Congress into the
Union." Here, then, is the broad power without
restriction, and as plain as language can make it,
conferred upon Congress by the constant.on, to
admit new States into the Union. In giving to this
grant of power its proper construction, 1 think it
unnecessary to go i aoktoan examination of the
various views and opinions presented and enter-
tained by the .framers of the constitution on thi.s
subject. They have given us this pres.hlhd rule
the result of their deliberate judgment, embra< ins
and defining the exact power which they were wil-
ling to confer upon Congress; and hence, sir, we are
compelled to give to this rule that construction
which is warranted by its language.
No man can, I think, with propriety give to this
power the construction that Congress can admit no
new States into this Union, except from teuiiory
already acquired, and within the prescribed limits of
the Union. There is no such exttphan to be fc i
in the constitution. Its language is genera!, and
embraces territory out of which new States may be
formed and admitted, as well witkmit as within the
