106
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Holmes.
H. of Reps.
much more encourage this kind of population,
there is no outlet for the free blacks, or for those
who would be otherwise manumitted by their phi-
lanthropic masters, without encountering difficul-
ties more oij^rous than to remain in their present
condition.
But, sir, if you annex Texas to this Union, you
will open a passage for the free blacks to a country
where this race will be received on equal terms with
the rest of the citizens, and where no prejudice is
entertained against this class. You will, by this
act, do more to free the black race, and to break the
fetters which now bind the slave, than any measure
which has yet been adopted in this country. It
therefore calls loudly, not only upon the philanthro-
pist, but upon all those whose sympathies and ten-
der consciences are on the side of the slave, to give
to this measure all their aid, as its accomplishment
will be the harbinger of peace and freedom to
many a slave, who, without it, will be compelled
forever to remain in bondage.
SPEECH OF ME. HOLMES,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives, January 14, 1845—■
On the propositions for the annexation of Texas
to the Union.
Mr. HOLMES said that, on a. question like the
present, so novel in its inception, so complicated in
its details, so vast in its proportions, so mighty in
its results, he should endeavor, as far as in him lay,
to discard all sectional considerations, all party bias,
all unkindness and uncharitableness, arid rise at
once to the height of this great argument. Great
indeed it was. Texas, now an independent and ri-
sing republic, disenthralled from the embarrass-
ments and difficulties consequent upon her struggle
for freedom, presented herself before the national
legislature, and called upon its members, in a spirit
of affection and of regard to common principles, to
be united with us in the league and covenant of
States, and to be embraced within the family of na-
tions.
This was a national, not a sectional, question. It
was a question large and wide as that empire which
its decision was to influence, not for the present on-
ly, but for all time.
To this complexion (said Mr. H.) it must come
at last. Annexation or rejection, now and for
ever. On that point, he would lay down this prop-
osition, and, while he announced, he begged the at-
tention of each and all whose hearts palpitated with
the love of union and the desire of preserving this
confederated republic. The proposition was this:
Annexation or rejection wili be salvation or de-
struction—to whom? To the north Atlantic States,
to the States of New England, and to the whole
manufacturing community. The South, Mr. H.
acknowledged, had likewise her destinies wound up
with the question. This is no narrow view, but
wide as the entire scope and verge of all our nation-
al interests. If there was any truth in the doe-
trine that a result was the effect of a chain of
causes, the removal of those causes would withdraw
the result. -
He would be able to prove wi* mathematical
precision that the flourishing condition of New Eng-
land must cease, or be greatly impaired, by reject-
ing Texas. Let us inquire what had imparted to
New England such vast riches and such potentiality
of acquiring wealth? The causes are to be found in
this government, which subjects the commerce of
the entire country to the action of a majority—-the
action of that majority which, under constructive
powers, has swept within its circle the manage-
ment and control of the industry of the States!—the
process of legislation by which the rich products of
the South are made tributary to the North—the car-
rying trade between the different sections monopo-
lized—and the great market of twenty millions of
peoyle, extending over this land, shut to the ex-
changes of southern staples, and opened only to
articles of nortern industry. Yes, this forcing pro-
cess has wrought out this great result for the North.
Look at the facts. New England had no staples by
which to command the trade of Europe; her scanty
supply of grain does not suffice to feed her own pop-
ulation; her shoes, hats, brooms, and cloths are not
wanted m England or on the continent; her fisheries
are partial; and yet she exhibits to world a distinct
confederacy of States, of peculiar habits and man-
ners; rich in commerce, in tonnage, in manufacto-
ries; drawing from Europe and Asia whatever lux-
ury demands* and' demanding from the South and
West whatever tribute she deems proper to impose.
By the magic of federal legislation, southern staples
become her property; western luxuriance is trans-
ferred to her territory; her stony fields have become
Hesperian gardens; and the rude huts, where once
dwelt her fishermen, have expanded into palaces.
But let the sons of New England, to whose eyes
"knowledge hath unfolded her ample page, rich
with the spoils of time," reflect, that Palmyra once
was, and now is not. Let them go to the desert and
learn wisdom. Causes are continually in motion to
produce crises, and a series of crises m the revolutions
of times involve epochs. Intelligence is continually
devising new modes of acquisition—enterprise ex-
ploring new regions—trade, which to-day traver-
ses the desert, to-morrow launches on the ocean.
The Red sea, by its navigaion, supersedes the car-
avans of the desert—the discovery of the Cape of
Good Hope transferred to Portugal the commerce
and grandeur of Venice—new nations have risen
up in various periods, and, like vampires, exhaust-
ed the blood of the most flourishing empires. Let
not the lesson be lost on New England. She stands
now in relation to this country and Europe, exact-
ly in the position which Palmyra stood to the east-
ern and western countries of the old continent. A
small trading spot, on a few acres of palm trees, be-
came the mart of exchanges for the rich products of
the East, and the more substantial wares of the
West. The costly spices, and beautiful silks, and
rich perfumes of Asia, were sold by her agency to
the countries of the Levant, and were exchanged for
the useful products of the Mediterranean soils. She
had the carrying trade, became the factor of distant
portions of the earth, amassed wealth, astonished
nations, contended even for empire with the empire
of the western world. Where now her magnifi-
cence? Departed as the grandeur of Babylon. Sol-
itude reigns on her palms. Why? Why? New
routes of trade were opened, new nations arose,
new combinations were formed. Let New Eng-
land beware. She is now rich, because she finds
stimulus to her industry, employment for her chil-
dren, derived fioin the cotton, rice, sugar, tobacco,
of the South; bceause a large market m this coun-
try is subjected to her control and her regulation.
Her tonnage conveys these staples, and brings again
to her shores the rich exchanges.
By laws enacted for her special benefit, she mo-
nopolizes the entire navigation between the several
States of tins republic. No competition is permit-
ted to the Swedish, and Danish, and Hanseatic nav-
igators. The entire tr-ansit from Nova Scotia to
New Orleans is hers. She fixes the rates; she regu-
lates the terms. The entire valley of the Mis-
sissippi is tributary to her enterprise and her indus-
try. The exuberant products of the West are ex-
changed for her articles. She makes every thing
which ministers to the necessities, or comforts, or
luxuries of the farmer or hunter beyond the .Blue
Ridge. The South, the Southwest, the States be-
yond the Ohio, are all her customers; and, under the
existing state of things, are as much compelled to
pay her tribute, to pour their wealth into her lap,
as were once the Egyptian and African provinces
into that of Rome. With a domestictonnage equal
to our whole foreign; with the command of a regu-
lar market, daily expanding as new societies or new
States grow up amongst us; with abundant markets
of cheap purchase for all she wants, and adequate
demand for all she makes; is it strange that, under
the operation of a system which gives her. untaxed,
the raw materials of the hats, and shoes, and cloth-
ing, and cutlery, with which she supplies this whole
continent—whose every man, woman and child is
taxed at her bidding—is it at all strange that New
England and the middle Atlantic States should
grow and prosper, and vie with the rich marts of
the old coi tinent? That her Boston should become
a Florence, with more than Medicean magnificence?
That her sons should be clothed m purple and fine
linen, and fare sumptuously every day? That Con-
necticut and Rhode Island should have converted
their hamlets into towns, and their villages into
cities? That their sons should be continually stim-
u ated to enterprise; their days given up to the ac-
quisition of wealth, and their nights spent in costly
saloons, amidst the glitter of lights and the swell of
voluptuous music.' The staid garb of the pim°rim
exchanged for the costly mantle of the nobleman;
the simple beverage of the apple for the rich juices
of the grape; their spare Sabine feasts foe rich
lepasts which Lucullus might have envied?
These, all these, are New England's. Is
she prepared to relinquish such varied, such
numerous blessings? Is she yet tired of the pomp
and vanities of life, and, having found them vexa-
tious, willing and anxious to return to the good "old
days of the Puritans? If so, the opportunity is now
offered her. Reject Texas, and all her gorgeous
palaces, her cloud-capt towns, will fade like an un-
substantial vision. The change in the tale of Mirza,
when he turned from gazing on the golden seas and
happy islands of the blessed, and beheld only the
plains of Bagdad, with camels, sheep, and oxen
grazing on them, will not be more complete than
that of the children of New England when they be-
hold their own soil, after the rejection of Texas.
Let her, before it is too late, remember what she
once was. When colonies, the New England
States were poor; but no sooner had they formed a
connection with the South, than a new spirit moved
over her land. She soon put forth the tender buds
of hope, the next day blossomed, and now she
wears her blushing honors thick upon her; but there
may yet come a frost, a chilling frost, to kill her
roots, and then she would fall.
If England could come into the markets of this
country with articles free of duty, what would be
the condition of New York, Pennsylvania, New
Jersey, and Delaware? The tenacity with which
these States adhere to the restrictive policy, at the
expense of justice and the impoverishment of the
once rich South, sufficiently attest what they think
would be that condition. Now, sir, (said Mi. H.,)
I undertake to show that if Texas be not annexed,
England will come into our markets, certainly of
that portion west of the mountains; and we must at
once decide whether we shall permit this to happen.
Texas is young, ardent, anxious to be joined in
union with the country from which it was severed.
But she has pride; and if not without wisdom, will,
upon rejection, avail herself of the mighty advanta-
ges offered her by a great and most wealthy nation.
Mr. H. knew, from information not gathered here,
but from England direct, that Lord Aberdeen
had made to the Texian authorities the most lib-
eral and advantageous offers. He will concede
to them a guaranty of their independence, their
entiie control over the suljject of slavery, and admit
duty free their staples. He is anxious for them to
remain a distinct nation, and requires ill return only
an entrepot in Texas for British goods at low du-
ties. Let Texas, indignant at your rejection, grant
that entrepot; let the woollens and cottons, and coal
and iron, and silks and wines, and carriages and fur-
niture, and shoes and hats and hosiery, which Eng-
land either produces or purchases with her manufac-
tures, be entered duty free in Texas, and the pro-
ducers of like articles m this country will find not
only the Texian market pass from them, but even
the maikets of the entire West. Yes, let Texas,
whose heart now warms towards you with the con-
sciousness of kindred blood—whose people yet turn
towards this country as tl^g Persian turns towards
the rising sun, with holy aspirations, be again spurn-
ed from your embrace, accept the proffers of Eng-
land, place her sea! and "signature to a reciprocal
treaty; and that moment she springs forward like a
young giant, full of hope and full of expectation,
prepared to run a race of glorious competition with
every nation on this continent.
Su, (said Mr. H.,) it will not be Texas, it will be
England that contests with your miners; and your
manufacturers the golden prize. British "capital and
British labor will meet Yankee capital and labor up-
on every farm, plantation, village, and city in the
great West. The cotton of Texas will go to Eng-
land free of duty, whilst the American cotton now
pays a specific duty which amounts to 17 per cent.
ad valorem. The cotton of Arkansas and Missis-
sippi; the lead and copper of Missouri; the meats
of the "Ohio States" will pass into Texas and be
exported as Texas produce in British shipping.
Will this not seriously injure New England ton-
nage? Will Maine and New Hampshire not suf-
fer? But this is not all. In return for these west-
ern ai tides thus shipped, all that the West requires
for consumption, and receives from Europe as ex-
change, will be entered in Texas at low duties.
The Red river, which empties in the Mississippi,
will be easily united by a canal with the Trinity riv-
er, which disembogues in the Gtilf of Mexico.
Heavy goods can be easily floated up and down
these streams, and undersell northern goods in eve-
j'y western market. The lighter goods tan easily
be transported at cheap rates across the country into
Arkansas and Missouri. The Indians on the back
of these States have killed up the game, and are in-
disposed for settled life. They are admirable run-
