Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
ior
28th Cong.....2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr, Halmes.
H. of Reps.
ners, skilful in eluding pursuit, and dexterous in
passing swamps and rivers. They can be formed
into bands of smugglers, such as transport French
manufactures across the Pyrenees into Spain. The
facilities of smuggling arc at hand; and the disposi-
tion of the people of the West to consume foreign
goods will not be lessened by the increased prices
which they will receive in Europe for their domestic
products. What, then, will become of northern
and eastern capital and labor? Your danger is not
that you will lose the exuberant and increasing Tex-
ian market, but that you will lose the entire western
market. Should you reject Texas, you will be de-
prived of a large number of consumers—you will
be cut off from her use of your navigation. Aic
you prepared for tins'1 Let me advise the North to
take counsel of their judgments, and not of their
passions, on this important question; to pause be-
fore they tempt the western people to prefer Man-
chester goods to Lowell calicoes. The difference of
50 to 100 per cent, may make a difference in the
choice of the article. Let Texas, immediately up-
on rejection, close with Great Britain upon her offer
of a reciprocity commercial treaty, and, my word
for it, there will be many a .New England vessel
laid up to rot; many a spindle cease to whirl; many
a coal mine and iron foundry left to mark the folly
of this rejection; many y. shoemaker converted into
a day laborer, and many a hcitter into a New Eng-
land fisherman. Mr. Webster has told us that
French shoes would quickly supersede American,
if admitted duty free or on low duties. Then noth-
ing is more obvious than that the rejection of Texas
will be injurious to New England, and its annexa-
tion beneficial.
But let us view the question upon the South.
What is the present condition of the South? Al-
ready the difficulty of exchanging her products for
those of Europe has reduced this once flounshmg
portion of the Union to premature decay. Foi-
meriy we carricd our staples to Europe, and pur-
chased with them the articles of manufactures
which this country needed. We grew cotton,
which commanded the trade of the world; we took
European fabrics or minerals, or wines, in exchange
for this cotton, and were growing rich. The people
of Europe could afford to purchase with exchange.
Now you place so high a duty upon these goods
that they cannot purchase unless with specie. This
compels the European merchant to give less for the
cotton, precisely as his ability to sell the fabrics he
makes from it is diminished, and the consequence
is, that three times the cotton now grown produces
less money than one-third formerly did; but the ex-
penses of growing this cotton arc increased three
times. These greater expenses are fo he deducted
from the diminished price, and leave a very small
net incoine to the planter.
In South Carolina, the gross sales of her staples
amounted, at one time, tcjfcfifteen millions; the ex-
pense of raising these staples amounted to live mil-
lions, leaving a balance of ten millions.
At present, under the restiictive system, South
Carolina receives eight millions for her produce;
the expenses are still five millions, and her net in-
come is oiily_ three millions. .But if you reject
Texas the evil will be incieased. Texas cottons
will meet us in Liverpool with a discrimination of
17 per cent, against us. It must furrimr cripple our
resources. But the evil will not end here. The
West will get jheir supplies through Texas, and
therefore the North will have no other market than
the South; the South being compelled to pur-
chase of her, because the transit of goods from
Texas across the Mississippi, and thence across
the mountains, with all the difficulties of the
centraband trade, will render British or Texian
goods as dear on the seacoast as northern
goods. But, ats the North will then have us in
their power, they will strive to balance the losses,
as far as practicable, by levying further trib-
ute upon us; and we of the South shall then pay
higher prices lor what we consume, and receive less
prices for what we sell. We shall, indeed, become
the shorn lamb, without any tempering of the north
winds.
Were not the consequences which he had thus
depicted inevitable' And did gentlemen suppose
that the South would standby and see a new foreign
State growing up by her side, raising the same sta-
ples, but raising them under the advantage of 17
per cent, in her favor? It was certain as the con-
nection of cause and effect, that under such a state
of things the South must either join Texas or die.
And what would be the position of the West'
Let it be remarked that he spoke now in reference
to the Union at large, not as a party man; but if he
was able to attain to it, as a patriot and a states-
man. If Texas carried on free trade, could a cor-
don of officers, like the cordon with which Bona-
parte guarded Spain, prevent our western people
from availing themselves of the thousand channels
of communication to get their goods down to the
shores of the Gulf? Nothing could prevent it. Arid
what must be the result on our western people?
The trasmontane population would gradually be-
come alienated from those residing on the northeast-
ern coast. For there were few men who, acting in
masses, were not drawn and attached to each other
by ties of mutual interest. Did gentlemen suppose
that that vast and enterprisingWe.il, which starting
originally at the foot of the Alleghanies, was already
looking across the dark stream of the Mississippi
to the tranquil waters of the Pacific, would not have
sagacity enough to perceive where their own inter-
est lay? And would they not demand a sacrifice of
the whole restrictive policy of this government, or
else seek their own remedy in a junction with Tex-
as? Again, (Mr. H. said,) let the people of New
England pause and reflect.
And now, what remained to the Soutlv She must
either join the West—if that mighty West would
rise, and, shaking her invincible locks, should de-
mand the oveithrow of the protective policy—or
else herpeople must depart, as did the childieil of
Israel of old, with their wives and their little ones,
and their man-servants and their maid-servants, and
seek a refuge in distant climes; looking, sorrowfully
indeed, upon the graves of their fathers, as with
slow and measured steps they left the paternal dwel-
ling: casting, it is true, one longing, lmgeiing look
behind; but, rather than further endure the oppres-
sions of a system in which they weie but laboring
for impeuous masters, who mocked at their com-
plaints and derided their remonstrances, they would
prefer encountering the privations, the desert-march,
in the hope of at last attaining the promised land.
And now, if he had successfully known, as lie
thought he had, that it was the direct interest of all
portions of this country to see Texas annexed to
the Union, how happened it that the proposal of
such a measure was met on that floor with such
great coolness? There was no statesman and no
commercial man at the North who must not see,
and did not sec, the many obvious advantages which
would arise to this country from the proposed an-
nexation. Yet they rejected so fair and promising
a prospect, bccausc, forseoth, they beheld in their
way a constitutional barrier! A constitutional bar-
rier? What! The North find constitutional diffi-
culties, when it is known that the constitution—that
instrument intended to be the rigid standard by
which to measure our political conduct—had alrea-
by become to the North a sort of sliding-scale, appli-
cable to any purpose which it was their interest to
cited? Was Texas to be laid down and measured
by this scale? Yes, the constitution is applied, and
the admission declared impossible.
To listen to the gentleman who spoke yesterday,
[Mr. Biunkb.rhoi.-f.] one would suppose that the
ghost of tiie already murdered constitution had ris-
en, and stood before him like the spirit of Job, un-
til the hairs upon his head stood up: "the gentle-
man was frightened because he could not discern the
form thereof." Away with such fantacies ! said
Air. H. Ao valid ^obstacle is presented by the
constitution, either in its letter, or according to
the construction it received from the high priests of
construction.
The constitution declared that new States might
be admitted by Congress into this Union; and he
would be glad if his witty friend from Maryland
[Mr. J. P. Kf.xNLDY,] who yesterday quoted from
tne Tale of the IVu, would tell him whether, in that
testament of our fathers, the constitution, we did
not find, to'ddem nrbis not only, but tohdem sullubis,
the power to erect a new State.
Mr. H. thought Lord Peter could find no diffi-
culty in discovering the power here. He would re-
mind the gentleman from Maryland that there was
a context as well as a text. Now let us look a little
at that context; for, if there was any limitation m
the admission of new States, it must be sought
either in the nature of things, or in the residue of
the clause whose words "admit new States." What
limitations are there m the context? he asked. There
are two. One was, that no "new State should be
formed within another State;" and the other was
"that no new State should be formed by uniting two
States already existing, without the conscnt of Con-
gress" and the legislatures of both such States. The
impossibility of admitting foreign States, if it exist-
ed, did not rest on the words of the clause which
says States may be admitted, but must besought
in the fact that no such thing was m the mind
of the framers as the admission of neighboring ter-
ritory.
Now, Mr. H. trusted that he could show that
this very thing of admitting neighboring States was
contemplated by the convention at the time this
clause was inserted in the constitution; and, if it
was, then the absence of restriction amounted to the
grant of power. Mr. H. would show the fact in
this way: 'Mr. Madison, in his commentary on the
words of the constitution, before its adoption, de-
clared that this clause was inserted in view of the
admission of States formed fiom "neighboring ieni-
tmjIn addition to this authority, he was in pos-
session of the writings of another :;i cat man of the
past age—he meant Alexander Hamilton—who,
long before the admission either of Florida or Lou-
isiana, and with that sagacity and forecast which
distinguished his comprehensive and far-seeing
nund, observed that wc must remember our posi-
tion, and must take advantage of favorable circum-
stances as they should arise; that we must get pos-
session of Fioiida; that we must obtain Louisiana,
and "even wink farther South." Thus the text,
and then the constitutional context, both favored an-
nexation. Thus objection, so far as legarded the
ivgiJs of the constitution, was vain, and equally
vain, whether v.c looked to construction or to tradi-
tion.
Mr. H. would now present an argument which
he had not yet advanced, and which he \rntuicd to
mention not without some difKdenop, in the presence
of so many enlightened lawyers. It that Tex-
as had a right to come into this Union, with all the
privileges and immunities which appertained to her
before she was severed from it. Tic put Hon the
law doctrine of upr,st UmlsiiumWhen a people,
once united to a nation, had been dissoxercd fiom it
without their consent, and become a part of a dif-
ferent nation, if aftenvaids, either by her own act
or the act of her allies, she extinguished the title
in that other nation, she resumed, according to this
doctrine of post it mini um, her former position in
the family from which she was dissevered, recover-
ed all her foimer rights, accompanied with the
liability to ail her former burdens and obligations.
Now, Texas had once been a part of Louisiana,
and this was generally admitted; to deny it was to
run into a series of negations against direct asser-
tions of the venerable gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adam'J,] of Mr. Monroe, Mr. Pmckriey,
and others, it was to controvert the treaty of St.
lldefonso, and to negative our own act in the treaty
of 1819. The position was admitted both by friends
and foes. The friends of annexation admitted it for
the reasons he had just given, and the foes of annex-
ation admitted it by deciai ing that all the rights wc
had to Texas as a part of Louisiana were transfer-
red to Spain by the treaty of 1319.
By that treaty we did confer Trxas on Spain as
a quid pro quo. Wc certainly lia'.up a portion of
territory to which we had a right, for anothei poi-
tion of territory which had Ucn annexed to Spain.
Now, if Texas had deshoyed the tide of Spain to
her territory, and by her own virtues and gallantry
had achieved and maintained her o\\ n inde;>endenee,
she might, on the principle of j>o;t .u.-u i evert
to us, with ail the rights and privileges she had for-
meily possessed. The cases of poillinunivfix were
usuahy those of war, but here the principle ap-
plied.
On the whole, Mr. H. could not, in any as-
pect of the question, perccive a constitutional diffi-
culty,
Mr. II. had spoken of the tieaty of 1S19. Mr.
Monroe had, at that time, been very anxious for the
acquisition of Florida, because he thought he saw
even then the spirit of anti-slavery already beginning
to work, and viewed it as fraught with the most ter-
rific wrath to the entire slaveholding interest; and
he was persuaded that, unless we could succeed in
getting Florida at that time, the opportunity would
pass away, and we never should obtain it at all. His
sagacity already saw that spirit at work which soon
after manifested itself so fearfully in the memoiablc
struggle of the Missouri question. He looked at
the benefits of the acquisition as they weie, and he
yielded some for the sake of seeming others. He
relinquished Texas, trusting to the elasticity of char-
acter possessed by her people for their coming back
into the Union.
