Jan. 1845
28th Cong 2d Sess.
appendix to the congressional globe.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Tibbatts.   
111
H. of Reps.
In the argument of that case Mr. Ogden, who
was of counsel for the appellants, assumed these posi-
tions:
"The rights of the United States to hold territories not a
part of the nation at the time of the confederation, in the
same manner as the right to all those within the ongmai
thirteen States, is derived from the same universal princi-
ples of general law, from the powers of making peace and
war and of making treaties, &c. It is necessary tor the
peace of the Union that they should possess those powers.
"The third section fourth article of the constitution au-
thorizes the admission of new* States into the Union. This
section of the constitution gives to Congress a power only
limited by their discretion to admit as many States as the}
may think proper, in what manner soever the territory com-
prising those new States may have been acquired."
Mr. Webster, who was of counsel for the appel-
lee, did not controvert this doctrine.
But Mr. T. f-'aid he would refer the committee to
another authority, which he supposed would be
entitled to some respect with members on the other
side of the House. He alluded to a speech deliv-
ered by a distinguished gentleman in the other
branch of Congress—by a senator from Virginia,
who stood in the foremost ranks of the opposition.
He alluded to a speech delivered by Mr. Archer
in the Senate, in secret session, in May, 1844, in
which he [Mr. Archer] admitted in the broadest
terms the power of Congress to admit Texas as a
new State into this Union. In that speech, reported
in the Appendix to the Congressional Globe, vol. 11,
p. 694, Mr. Archcr says:
<(He recognised the authority to admit foreign States into
the confederacy. lie knew the grounds ^ on which this
proposition had been denied. This did not hinder his recog-
nition of it. The phrase m the constitution was oi the
largest character. 'Congress shall have power to admit
new States into the Union ' Where shall sanction be found
for limitation upon the operation of such language of this
generahtj* and comprehensiveness? Not in the circum-
stances of the case.
"Hp had no hesitation upon this point, on the mere lan-
guage of the constitution He repudiated this practice, per-
petual in its employment here, of going behind the lan-
guage of the constitution, when that was plain, to contem-
poraneous history and labored expositions derived from
the opinions of individuals. Where ambiguity was not ad-
mitted and patent, the language ought to stand as the sole
exponent But how raise an ambiguity on language so
explicit9 'Congress shall have power to admit new States
into the Union.'
"It happened, however, that the evidence from contem-
poraneous history corresponded to the plain import of the
language of the constitution."
He (Mr. T.) conceived that he had said enough
to place the question of the constitutional power of
Congress to admit Texas into the Union as a State,
beyond all doubt, by the express letter of the con-
stitution itself, aided (if aid in its interpretation be
at all necessary) by the articles of confederation—
by the proceedings of the convention in relation
to the clause under consideration—by the con-
temporaneous expositions of those who had
the principal hand in framing the constitution,
and by the various practical expositions in the sub-
sequent action of the various departments of the
government.
Ha\ing said thus much on the constitutional
question, he wished to devote a few moments to
the consideration of another position taken by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,]
viz: that it was contrary to our treaty stipulations
with Mexico, and derogatory to the honor of this
nation, to annex Texas to the Union. However
desirable it might be in his (Mr. T.'s) opinion to
make this important and valuable acquisition, he
(Mr. T.) declared that he, for one, would unhesi-
tatingly abandon it, if it was calculated to place a
blot or stain, no larger than a pin's point, upon the
bright escutcheon of our national honor.
The treaty with Mexico, in 1832, provides that—
"There shall be a firm, inviolable, and universal peace,
and a true and sincere friendship between the United States
of America and the United Mexiran States, m -ill the ex-
tent of their possessions and territories, and between their
people and citizens respectively, without distinction of per-
sons or places "
To see if this position of thegentleman was cor-
rect, it would be necessary to ascertain whether
Texas was within the extent of the possessions and
territories of Mexico. He (Mr. T.) maintained,
and believed he could establish beyond all contro-
versy, that the reannexation of Texas would be no
violation of our treaty stipulations with Mexico;
that Texas never was a part of Mexico, except as
an independent member of a confederation of States,
which now ha3 no existence, and has not had since
1834 -'35; and that Mexico, as now or ever constitu-
ted, never had a just nr established right to Texas.
In order to ascertain whether the positions taken by
him were correct, he would beg leave to detain, the
committee while he made a, brief statement of facts
in the history of Texas.
Texas, was first discovered and settled by the
French in 1685—five years before any settlement by
the Spaniards. Marbois^s Iiist. of Louis, J). 107.
It was granted by Louis of Prance to the Sieur An-
thony Crozat, by grant dated at Fontainbleu, Sept.
14, 1712; and in that grant is described as ''bounded
by New Mexico, and by the lands of the English of Cui-
olina
"New Spain.—This term is used to designate the Mexican
provinces, including those m the Provincia Internas.
Brooke's Gazetteer, ed. 1823. .
"New Mexico, province of New Spain, or Mexico in the
internal provinces.—This is the most no} them oj the Spanish
settlements in the interior of North Ameiicd. Bounded south
by New Biscay or Durango, east by Texas, and on all other
sides by regions little known, inhabited by native Indians."
—Ibid ' _ .
"Mexico, empire of, an immense region of North Ameri-
ca--This empire is subdivided into intendencies or civil
governments, consisting of Merida or Yucatan, VeraCruz,
Oaxaca, Puebla, Mexico, Valladolid, Guadalaxara, Ciua-
naxuato, Zacatecas, San Louis Potosi, Durango, Sonora,
New Mexico, Old California, and New California "—Ihid.
"Mexico, or New Spain, count* y of Noith JUruerica, hound-
ed north by the temtory claimed by the United States; east by
the United States territory, the Gulf of Mexico, and Guate-
mala; southwest and west by the Pacific Ocean -2 io!. Woi-
cester's Gazetteer, ed. 1S23.
"Mexico or New Spain Bounded north by unknown re-
gions, east by T.ouisiuna, and the Gulf ol Mexico; south by
the Isthmus of Darien, which separates it from Tcira Firma
in South America; west by the Pacific Ocean
Grand Divisions. Old Mexico, embracing Galicia. Mex-
ico, Guatemala; New Mejtco Proptr, embracing Apacheira
and Senora; and California on the westa peninsula. Morse s
Geography, ed 1796.
••At north iat -2n. 5o, west long. w. c -20 30, the Rio
Grande D"l Norte fa Ik into tho Gulf of Mpvico This a the
first great riverfiovinzfrom the Spanish proiinces into the
Gulf of Mexico'' Brooke's Gazetteer, edit 1S-2J.
Mr. Jefferson in his letter to Mr. Bowdoin, 11th
July, 1806, Jeff. cor. p. 59, says:
"With respect to our western boundary, your instruc-
tions will be your guide. I will only add as a comment to
them, that we are attached to the retaining the bay of St.
Bernard, because it was the first establishment of the un-
fortunate La Salle, was the ci a die of Louisiana, and more in-
contestable* covered and conveyed to us by France under
that name, than any other spot in the country.
"St. Bernard's Bay. bay in the Gulf of Mexico on the
coast of Texas. Lon 96, 30, w.j lat. 23,30, n.—Worcester's
Gazetteer, ed. 1S23."
Louisiana was ceded by France to Spain in 1761,
and was retroceded by Spain to France in 1800, and
occupied by France. By the treaty of Paris of the
30th April, 1803, it was ccdcd by France to the
United States, and the possession delivered by the
French authorities in 1804.
Mr. Madison expressing his own views, and those
of Mr. Jefferson, in a letter of the 31st March, 1804,
says that Louisiana "extended westwardly to Rio
Bravo, otherwise called Rio Bravo Del None.
Orders were accordingly obtained from the Spanish
authorities for the delivery of all the posts on the
west side of the Mississippi;" and in a letter of the
31st January, 1804, Mr. Madison states that M.
Laussat, the commissioner by whom the French
government delivered the possession of Louisiana to
us, announced "the Del Norte as its true bovndary
In a letter of the 8th July, 1804, Mr. Madison de-
clares the opposition of Mr. Jefferson to the "relin-
quishment of any teiiitory whatever eastward of the
Bravo
Mr. Monroe, in a letter of the 8th November,
1803, encloses documents which, he says, "prove incon-
testibhf that the boundary of Louisiana is "the Rio
Bravo to the west;" and Mr. Pinckney unites with
Mr. Monroe in a similar declaration; and on the
20th April, 1805, m a letter to Mr. Madison, they
assert our title to be unquestionable. Mr. Monroe,
in his letteis of January 19 and June 10, 181G, says
that none could question "our title to 7,c.ms," and
concurs with Mr. Jefferson and Mr. Madison in the
opinion that our title to the Del Norte was as clear
as to the island of New Orleans."
Mr. John duincy Adams, in a letter to Don Onis
of the 12th March, 1818, says: "The claim of France
always did extend westward to the Rio Bravo."
"She always claimcd the territory which you call
Texas, as being within the limits, and forming a
part of Louisiana." And he further says: "Well
might Messrs. Pinckney and Monroe write to M.
Cevallos in 1805 that the claim of the United States
to the boundary of the Rio Bravo was as clear as
their right to tlie island of New Orleans." And in
his letter of the 31st October, 1818, he says: "Our
title to Texas is established beyond the power of
further controversy." Mr. Adams, in his letter of
instructions to Mr. George Graham of June 2, 1818,
says:
"The President wishes you to proceed with all convenient
speed to that place, (Galveston,) unless, as is not improba-
ble vou should, in the progress of the journey, laarn that
they'bave abandoned or been driven from it. Should thfcy
have removed io Matagorda, or any othe* plat e north of the
Rio Bravo, and within the ttrritory clawed by the Vmt<d
Stutes, 5 ou will repair thither, without, how e\ er, exposing
yourself to be captured by any Spanish military force.
When arrived you will, in a suitable manner, make known
to the chief or leader of the expedition your authority from
the government of the United States, and express the sur-
prise with which the President has seen possession thus ta-
ken, without authority from the United States, of a place
within their territorial limits, and ujwn which no lawful settle-
ment can be made without their sanction You will call upon
him explicitly to avow under what national authority they
profess to act, and take care that due warning be given to
the whole body that the place is within the United States, who
will suffer no permanent settlement to be made there, under any
authority other than their own."
Mr. Clay, in his speech on the Spanish treaty,
April 3, 1820, (Mallory, vol. 1, p. 400 and 401,)
said: ,
"The title to the Peidido on the one side and to tlio Rio
del Norte on the other, rested on the same jirinc-iple—the
priority of discovery, and of occupation by France; the
principle observed arooni; European nations having contigu-
ous settlements being that the unocenpied space between
them should be equally divided." "In 1685 he (La Salle)
made an establishment on the Bay of St. Bernard, west of
the Colorado, emptying into it. The nearest Spanish settle-
ment was Fanuco; and the Rio del Norte, about the midway
line, became the common boundary."
Mr. Clay also, in his letter of the 17th April,
1844, published jn the National intelligencer, says:
"The United Ststes acquired a title to Texas, extending,
as I believe, to the Ilio del Norte, by the treaty of Louisiana.
They ceded and relinquished that title to Spam by the treaty
of 1319, by which the Sabine was substitutedfoi the Rio del
Norte as our western boundaiyy
Mr. T. said it seemed to him that these facts and
opinions clearly established the position that Texas
never was geographically considered as composing
any part or portion of New Spain, or Mexico, or
New Mexico, but was a distinct country, separated
from them by the Rio del Norte. He thought he
would be able to establish as clearly that Texas was
not now, and never had been, an integral part under
the dominion of Mexico, under the form of govern-
ment now existing, or which ever had existed in
that country; but that Texas never had submitted
to the jurisdiction of any power whatever, but al-
ways, from the time of the cession to Spain, had
asserted and maintained her independence of Spain,
of Mexico, and of all the world. On the reception
of the news in Texas of the cession of that country
to Spain, by the treaty of 1819, the people of Tex-
as met in convention at Nacogdoches, and solemnly
protested against being transferred, like slaves, to a
foreign despot, and declared themselves a free and
independent people by the following manifesto:
"The citizens of Texas have long indulged the hope that,
intlie adjustment of the boundaries of the Spanish posses,-
sions in America, and of the territories of the United States,
they should be included within the limits of the latter. The
claims of the United States, long and strenuously urged, en-
couraged this hope. An expectation so flattering prevented
any effectual effort to throw off the yoke of Spanish authority,
though it could not restrain some unavailing rebellions
against an odious tyranny. 'I he recent treaty between Spam
and the United States of Amcr.ca has dissipaU d an illusion
too fondly cherished, and ha1? roused the citizens of Texas
from the torpor into which a landed security had lulled
them. They have seen themselves, by a co*ir\ention to
u hich they were no party, literally abandoned to the do-
minion ©f the crown of Spain, and left a prey, not only to
impositions already intolerable, but to all those exactions
which Spanish rapacity is fertile in deviling
'•The citi'/ens of Texas would have proved themselves un-
worthy of their anccstrj —ot the kindred republics of the
American continent—could they have hesitated in tins
emergency what course to puiMie Spurning the fetters of
colonial vacsaiagp, disdaining to submit to the most atro-
cious despotism that e\er disgraced the annals of Europe,
they have resoI\ed, under the blessing of God, to he FREK.
By this magnanimous resolution, to the maintenance of
which their lives and fortunes are pledged, they secure to
themselves an elective and lepresentative government,
equal le.wb, and faithful administration of justice, the right-'
of conscience and religious liberty, the freedom of the pre«9,
the advantages of liberal education and unrestricted com-
mercial intercouise u ith all the w orld.
"Animated by a juct confidence in the goodness of their
cav.se. and stimulated by the high object to be obtained by
tta- contest, they have prepared themselves unshrmkinelv
to meet, and firmh to maintain, any conflict in which thi's
declaration may involve them.
'•Done at Nacogdoches, this 23d day of June, in thp year
of our Lord 1819.
"JAMES LONG,
"President of the Supreme Council.
"Bis'te T\iuv,Secretaiy
[N"iles's Register, vol. 17, p 31.
From the hour in which that declaration of inde-
pendence was made, the people of Texas have never
submitted to the yoke or dominion of any other na-
tion on earth; but, true to the spirit and character
of their ancestors, they have, through various
vicissitudes and reverses, battled on for freedom, and
successfully maintained their independence; for
