120
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong.. ..2d Sess.
h§ -
Mux.. 1845.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Brinkerhoff.
but they know that^he was overthrown in no fair or
manly contest. It was the Hector of Shakspeare,
surrounded and impaled by myrmidons.
The earth that bears him dead, bears not alive so stout a
gentleman."
Many a bright eye and manly heart mourns over
ium, but he needs it not.
"Wo ! unto us, not him, for he rests well"
Instead of the dark cypress, there will wave over
him the bright green laurels of glory, and they will
become greener and brighter as centuries roll on.
But we shall often want his sagacious head, his
eloquent tongue, and heart of fire. Since he came
on the stage of action, in every crisis,
"One blast upon his bugle horn
JFas worth a thousand men "
Sir, it is not talent alone that makes the great
statesman. There must be added to high intellect
a paramount devotion to our country, a determina-
tion to sacrifice everything of self to- promote its
advancement. No statesman, no man ever felt this
principle in a greater degree than Henry Clay. And,
till life shall fade, he will stand erect, with a spirit
unbroken, in the front rank of those who rally
around the constitution and the Union.
If he bears himself well, so does his party. I de-
clare, sir, I have seen nothing, I have heard of
nothing, I have read of nothing like it. Whether
it be a voice from the mountains of my own district,
or from the densely populated cities of the North,
it breathes the same Spirit. I have seen no one whig
who regretted his course; no one who would not
rather be in exile with Brutus than triumphing with
Antony; no one who will not go into battle again
with more ardor than he went into the former ac-
tion. Considering its numbers, so help me God, 1
believe there has existed not upon earth a party so
noble. If it cannot preserve this great country, then,
sir, you may burn the constitution, for it is worth-
SPEECH OF MR. BRINKERHOFF,
OF OHIO.
In the House of Representatives, January 13, 1845—
On the question of the annexation of Texas.
The House being in Committee of the Whole,
and having under consideration the resolutions for
annexing Texas to the United States—
Mr. BRINKERHOFF, after some preliminary
remarks, in which he expressed his entire assent to
all that had been said touching the great importance,
the solemnity even, of this question, said that he
had hoped it would have been left to pass over to
the next Congress and the next administration. It
was a question far more momentous than any which
had engaged the deliberations of that body "for the
last quarter of a century, the effect of winch must
operate on millions yet unborn, and mould the in-
stit«tions ef nations yet in embryo, and before
which all considerations merely partisan or personal
sunk into absolute insignificance. And yet there
was not now en that floor a single man, except
those who were here to fill vacancies, who had been
elected with a view to its decision. It was well
known that the present executive did not possess
the confidence of the people. He was soon to be
succeeded by both a Congress and a President who
had been elected in view of this very question.
Ought gentlemen, by insisting on action now, to un-
dertake to [forestall the public judgment?—to prevent
the full maturing of the public mind? Did gentle-
men fear the development of public sentiment, and
dread the effect of the "sober second thought of the
people?" Were they apprehensive of the effect of
this discussion on the public mind? Gentlemen said
that this question had been decided by the people.
What question? If they meant to go rio further
than to say that the people might be supposed to
have decided that Texas in some form should be
admitted into the Union, Mr. B. was not disposed
to quarrel with such a position; but if gentlemen
meant to say that not only the great question of an-
nexation, but its terms and conditions, had been de-
cided by the people, he denied it; it was not true.
The question had been discussed in Ohio, as well
as in other States, and he claimed to know some-
thing about what had been said and done in Ohio;
and he knew that the democratic candidate for
governor in that State had uniformly taken the
ground—certainly he had done so in Mr. B.'s
own county,- for he had heard him—not upon the
treaty which had been negotiated by Mr. Tyler and
rejected by the Senate^ but on the bill which had been
H. of Reps.
introduced into that body by a distinguished sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton.] Every body
knew, who came from the State of Ohio, that the
vote of her senators against the treaty had not eli-
cited one word of censure from anybody. Everybody
knew that the gentleman who was now the gov-
eror of the great State of New York, who had voted
against the ratification of that treaty, had receivod
such an endorsement as did him the highest honor
which had been conferred on any man dilring the
entire course of the late campaign. With what
face, then, could it be pretended that the people of
this country had decided on this measure in its do-
tails, or had passed On any one of the propositions
which had here been submitted? He denied it: it
was not so.
Again, he observed that he had hoped the matter
would quietly have received the go-by, and would
have been left to those who shomld succeed them,
and who would be in more proper circumstances to
act upon it. But when he came here, he very
soon saw that in this hope he was to be disappoint-
ed. Indeed, it required no stretch of sagaeity at
once to conclude, when the appointment of commit-
tees was announced, and especially wiien the com-
position of the Committee on Foreign Affairs was
declared to the House, that the disappointment of
such a hope was matter of certainty. Mr. B. did
not cherish any personal hostility to any of the gen-
tlemen who composed it; yetjustice to the people, he
repeated it, required him to say, and let the country
hear it, that it was a most strangely constituted com-
mittee for the decision of "a great national ques-
tion." Why had four of its members been selected
from the democracy of the slave States, while but
two were taken from the representatives of that
party from the free States' And who they are, let
the country observe. Why were the services of his
honorable friend from New York [Mr. Stetson]
found to be so very necessary on the Committee for
the District of Columbia' And why were the ser-
vices of his other very modest friend from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Williams,] (quite too modest to do
justice to his own abilities and acquirements,) found
so indispensable on the Committee on Commerce?
Let the country answer. There were more things
in heaven and earth, he feared, than the people of the
free States dreamed of in their philosophy. It was
an old copy-book maxim that experience keeps a
dear school, but fools will learn in no other. He could
only express the hope that hereafter the democracy
of the North would not prove themselves such fools
as to be incapable of learning even in that.
But here he must pay his rcspects for a moment
to his very excellent fuend and colleague on the left,
[Mr. Dean.] That gentleman had told the commit-
tee that Mr. Van Buren had been thrown aside in
the convention on this very Texas question. 11c
would now ask whether his colleague had a; proved
of that change? He would ask him whether the
democracy of Ohio believed in its propriety? And
whether the delegation from Ohio in that conven-
tion believed in it? Further: he would ask of his
eolleague.whether in that body the representatives
from Ohio had not labored with a perseverance and
an obstinacy bordering on ferocity against it? And
whether, as a body, they had not entered their pro-
test against "the deep damnation of his taking off?"
They did. He would ask more from his colleague:
he would ask whether his colleague approved of the
means resorted to in order to accomplish such a re-
sult' He meant the adoption of the one-third
rule.
[A voice: Two-thirds rule, you mean.]
No; the one-thiid lule. The rule which gave to
one-third of the body power to control iis action, or
to prevent it. No; the democracy of Ohio had never
sanctioned such a rule, and he trusted in God they
never would. Yet they had supported .Lames K.
Polk; and how zealously, how laboriously, in season
and out of season Mr. B. had done it, his colleague
could testify. And why? Because he liked his po-
sition in reference to this Texas question better than
Mr. Van Buren's? No; but because he went against
a Bank of the United States; against the distribu-
tion of the proceeds of the sales of the public lands;
against the direct or indirect assumption of State
debts by the general government; for the divorce of
bank and State; and against a high protective tariff;
and because his notions in regard to the construc-
tion of the constitution were in conformity with
those of the democratic school, and not so much on
account of, as in spite of his sentiments on this ques-
tion of immediate and unconditional annexation.
And there were thousands more who voted for him
on the same ground; and nowhere was this more the
case than in the great Empire State of New York
whose weight was necessary to turn the scale, and
give him the election.
Why, he asked, was the question thus rudelv
thrust uporn them? Why this feverish, hot im-
patient haste? Why had it assumed the particular
shape it had done, under not the fanning but the
adopting hand of the Committee on Foreign Affairs?
Was it to secure an endorsement, at the hands of
the democracy of this nation, of the only remaining
one of the two great whig principles of 1840—"Ty-
ler, too," and his piebald and patchwork adminis-
tration? Or was it for the especial glorification of
the learned, and philosophical, and world-astonish-
ing and world-defying essayist on the blessings of
slavery, the beauties of bondage, and the melodious
music of shackles and chains, who now controlled
the department to which were confided the foreign
relations of this  reat country? If not, why was the
corpse of this dead and buried treaty exhumed,
brought into this House, and here galvanized to
"sear our eye-balls" with the contoitions of its hag-
gard visage? If not, why did not the committee
present the question fairly, and let the House de-
liberate on it as a national question, or pntitin
some shape tfyat they could adopt without doing
open outrage to their principles and feelings? The
committee had adopted and reported to the House
the defunct Tyler treaty, word for word, and letter
for letter. Upon what reasons do the committeo
base this measure? The same as those which led to
its formation in the first instance, and as developed
in the extraordinary diplomatic correspondence of
this administration—to wit: the indefinite extension
and eternal perpetuation of a certain peculiar institu-
tion? Do they ask this House to adopt not only the
treaty, but also the pedestal upon which the Secreta-
ry of State has placed this monument of his philoso-
phic daring—viz: that young negroes are sure to go
blind or run crazy unless they are kept in a state of
servitude, and that unconditional annexation, there-
fore, is a great sanitary measure? True, the honora-
ble Secretary's system of philosophy is based on
statistics obviously and notoriously false, as every
member can see by a recurrence to the census re-
turns from his own district; but this is of little con-
sequence to those who reason from conclusions to
premises, instead of from premises to conclusions.
Dy they wish Congress to follow in the wake of the
executive in its attempt to commit this nation to doc-
trines so new and so extraordinary? Ah! but the ad-
ministration was very anxious for the consummation
of the measure. They had had a message detailing in
pathetic terms and high-sounding phrase the wrongs
and insults of Mexico, and therefore (by a very lo-
gical conclusion) praying the House to annex Tex-
as right off. Yes; a glorious non-sequitw, truly! But
why was not the administration thus anxious about
other questions involving national rights? This
beautiful administration, so eminent for the variety
of its positions, and for the force and strength of its
contrasts! We had a country away in the West,
called, ho believed, by the name of Oregon; a coun-
try of large extent, and said to be of great fertility
and natural resources; a country, too, that was ad-
mitted on all sides, by every American statesman,
to be wholly and by right our own; a country now
in British possession—in British military possession—
and throughout itswliole extent under the actual jurisdic-
tion of British law. What did our very extremely
sensitive administration, when inquired of on this
subject, say? "Oh, we are negotiating about that?"
The people came up and inquired why the national
rights had not been asserted and vindicated, and they
got no answer but this: "We are negotiating."
[Mr. Duncan. And have been for thnty years.]
Yes—and have been for thirty years—and there
will be no end to our negotiations. They are t > be
spun out to eternity. But hen a question was
started for the acquisition of a foreign territory not
as yet our own—a country under its own free laws,
and enjoying its own free constitution—then all was
fever heat. Why this difference? Towards Mexico
we could be very valiant—with her our game was
all brag, bravado, and bluster. But on questions
between us and the British lion our most magnan-
imous administration "roared you as gently as any
sucking dove." [Much laughter.] And now he would
ask a question he desired the free States to hear. Was
this difference made because Oregon was to be set-
tled by farmers and Texas by planters? Was that
the reason? Mr. B. had no confidence in the dispo-
sition of this administration on the subject of Oregon.
He knew the disposition of the seraphic (some said
