Jan. 1845. APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Brinkerhoff,
H. of Reps.
the satanic) philosopher who now held the Depart-
ment of State; and if ever our rights on that subject
were to be vindicated, we must look to some other
source for it—to other auspices, and to very different
influences. Such was his opinion, and it might pass
for what it was worth.
Mr. B. complained of the haste with which the
committee had acted in reporting the joint resolu-
tion" to the House. Some men, he knew, and per-
haps some members of Congress, possessed, or
claimed to possess, an extraordinary instinct, by
which they knew everything intuitively—(Falstaff
knew the true prince by instinct;)—but Mr. B. laid
claim to no such power: he wanted facts; he must
have statistics; he wanted knowledge—knowledge
official and reliable. It was proposed in the resolu-
tion that we should assume the Texian debt. Now,
he wanted to know how much Texas owed. All
the gentlemen of Mr. B.'s party had declaimed zeal-
ously, and some of them very eloquently, against
the assumption of State debts; they had with one
accord taken the position that such assumption was
unconstitutional, and made it a primary article of
their political creed. Now, he wished some one
member of the committee to tell him why, if it was
unconstitutional in this government to assume a do-
mestic debt, owing by the States of our own con-
federacy, it was, and by what process they found it
to be, strictly constitutional to assume the debt of a
foreign State. Above all, lie wanted to know the
actual amount of the burden he was called on to as-
sume. The people of Ohio were already in debt;
but they paid their debt, and they intended to con-
tinue to pay it; and for that very reason they were
against running still further in debt. It might do
for gentlemen whose States were already disgraced
and degraded by repudiation, or had been guilty of
the folly of contracting debts that they were not
able to pay; it might do for such gentlemen to go
ad infinitum into the assumption of other debts,
whether of their own or of other people's; for it
had been truly said that no individual was so inde-
pendent as a pauper on the town. But the people
of Ohio paid, and calculated to pay, what they
owed, ana therefore they did not want to owe any
more. How much Texas was indebted, the com-
mittee had not told them; and Mr. B. had no idea
that Texas herself knew any better than the com-
mittee, for she had been under the necessity of rais-
ing money at any and at every sacrifice. All the trans-
actions of her government had from necessity been
couducted in a manner extremely loose and destitute
of system. The very seat of her government was like
an Arab's tent, here to-day and there to-morrow.
Again he asked of gentlemen what was her
debt? How much was he called upon to lay on his
constituents? What was the amount—could any
one tefI him—of her ungranted lands? The com-
mittee did not tell, and Texas herself, by her own
confession, did not know. Old Spain had granted
lands there; Prance had granted lands there; Mexi-
co had granted lands there; and Texas herself had
granted them with a lavish hand. What had she
left ungranted—unpledged? Gentlemen told the
committee that her lands would pay her debt. IIow
did they know? Let them give ws ligh t—let them
teli the limits of granted and ungranted lands. He
could not agree to assume the debt till he knew
whether her ungranted lands were sufficient for its
discharge. Gentlemen said that the assumption
was limited to ten millions; but he would tell them,
and every man of common sense must see it, that if
this governme*t appropriated to itself the lands of
Texas, they must and did necessarily assume the
whole of it, be the same more or less. If we take
possession of her sources of revenue, we are bound
by every consideration of honor, honesty, good
faith, morality, and religion, to pay what she owes;
and the limit of her obligations is the only limit of
our assumption. There can be no other.
On tins account Mr. B. preferred the proposition
for admitting Texas as a State, which presumed her
previous existence as a State, preserved her identity
as a body politic, and left her lands and her debt to-
gether, and he would vote for no proposition that
did not embody that principle. And he would go
further—he would leave to her all the means that
she could draw from her custom-houses; let her en-
joy her whole revenue and pay her debt with it. He
would accept of neither, until, by the actual pro-
cess of liquidation and payment, they had balanced
eacli other. That was his position.
The gentlemen who advocated this measure were
not all of them so candid, or rather, he would say,
some of them were more candid than others, as to
the true object the5}' had in view. Some told us that
this was a great national question. He denied it; it
was no such thing. It was in gentlemen's power to
make it so; and, when they did make it a national
question, he was prepared toyote for it; but till then
he never would. As it now stood, it was not anatkuial
question; it was a sectional question: it was a south-
ern question; it had been gotten up from the very
start as a southern question, with a direct view.to
strengthen her institutions, increase her power, ex-
tend her influence, and swell her aggrandizement.
That was the truth. It was in the power of the
House to make it a national question; if they chose
to do so, then Mr. B. would go for it, but not be-
fore. He had talked with his people on this mat-
ter; he knew what were their sentimefttsf in regard
to it, and they agreed with his own; and, if any gen-
tleman here possessed the attribute of omniscience,
and could look into the secret recesses of every
northern heart, he would very soon perceive that
the whole mass of northern constituents agreed with
him as well as the people of Ohio. On this matter
of slavery they were willing to abide by the com-
promises of the constitution, but not to go an inch
beyond it. They were not prepared to extend the
much-prated-about "area- of freedom" to one race
who held another race in galling servitude, without
receiving a counterbalance for this augmentation of
power. They would not do it, and so gentlemen
would find it. Gentlemen propose to us an exten-
sion westward through Texas of the line of the Mis-
souri compromise act, being latitude thirty-six de-
grees thirty minutes north. How much of Texas
would that give to us? Why, nothing but the fag-
end of it—half desert, half mountain; a tract of coun-
try which no man of common sense, were the fee
simple and sovereignty of the whole of it guarantied
to him by all the powers of heaven and earth, would
pick up from the side-walk and accept as a gift. A
generous compromise, truly—were it not for the
trifling fact that, under it, the South would take every-
thing, and the North nothing. The offer itself is a
mockery, which, unlike the fabled apples of Sodom,
has not even the merit of 'a fair outside.
Some southern gentlemsn tell us that, from the
soil, temperature, and productions of the north-
western half of Texas, slavery can never exist there.
Then why not guaranty its exclusion? It will at
once secure the accomplishment of the measure they
profess so much to desire. If sincere in their dec-
larations, can the South lose anything by making
"assurance doubly sure," by guarantying that
which she claims to be inevitable?
If they wanted to make this Texas question a
great national question, let them but shape it so,
and they might have Texas to-morrow; yes, sir,
to-day—instanter. Some of the gentlemen who
eame here from the legion below Mason and Dix-
on's line did not quite relish the candor of those
who admitted this to be a great southern question.
It had been said by the poet that a "rose by any
other name would smell as sweet," and Mr. R. sup-
posed that a skunk by any other name would smell
as bad. [A laugh.] Call it what they pleased,
this was a southern question; it was a slavery ques-
tion, and nothing else than a slavery question. Gen-
tlemen might baptize and rebaptize it as often as
they pleased, but the essential character of the an-
mal would remain the same.
A number of arguments had been advanced in
favor of the plan, and one of them was, that unless
we annex Texas she would become a dependency
of Great Britain. Mr. B.'s time did not admit of
his entering into this question, and he must dismiss
it by saying that, according to his belief, it had been
gotten up for the occasion, and brought into that
House to frighten the timid and to deceive the cred-
ulous.
The next was what was usually called the mili-
tary argument; namely, that Texas was necessary
for the defence of New Orleans, and to secure and
keep open the mouth of the Mississippi. Now,
Mr. B. said that phrenologists had frequently run
their fingers through his hair, and had examined
the developments of his skull, and none of them had
yet pronounced him wanting in the organ of vene-
ration; but, great as might be his veneration for the
great names which had been made to speak to this
effect, he must consider the arguments as little bet-
ter than a certain well-known insect called a hum-
bug. Gentlemen might keep their minds quite easy;
there would be no trouble about keeping open the
mouth of the Mississippi. The people of the up-
per Mississippi would attend to that matter; and if
any man doubted it, just let any enemy, whether
foreign or domestic, try to shut it. The dwellers
on the upper Mississippi aad its tributary streams
had steamboats in abundance, and men and means
in far greater, and wealth and intelligence enough
to know how to manage that affair without the ac-
quimion of Texas to help them. [See Note.]
A third argument was, that it was very desirable
that we should have Texas with a view to securing
the benefits of free trade with her future inhabitants.
Mr. B. considered that there was agreat weight in
that argument, and for that reason he desired Texas,
if it could be obtained on honest, fair, and equal
terms.
A fourth argument had been, that it might be well
for us to have Texas that we might keep in our
own hands a monopoly of the whole cotton trade;
and, thus possessing the raw material of the world,
might hold other nations dependent upon us for it,
and compel them to the alternative of preserving
our friendship or stopping their spindles, and letting
their population starve. There was great weight
also in this argument; and therefore he desired
Texas, if it could be got on fair and ju-t and equal
terms, so that all parts of the Union 'might share in
the benefit, and the advantage might be national,
and not sectional.
The last argument he should notice was one
which had very great weight with him; whether it
was from the peculiar structure of his mind, or from
his previous associations, and the circumstances of
his own humble history, he could not say. He re-
ferred to the acquisition of this territory as a home
for our posterity, and as an ample theatre for their
enterprise and industry. This he admitted to be a
great and an invaluable advantage. There were few
gentlemen here but knew the advantage of having a
great West to go to; where, away from the spirit of
monopoly, the effects of family influence, the power
of associated wealth, and the thousand other adverse
influences which met a young man in the eastern
portion of the Union, and kept down his efforts at
achieving an independence, or treading with success
the pathway of an honorable ambition; where none
of these hindrances were in his way, but where
there was "ample room and verge enough, "and where
the race was to the swift, and the battle was to the
strong. Therefore he desired Texas, provided it
could be had on fair and just terms. •
The only remaining question, therefore, was this
If Texas should be annexed, were they of the North
to have their fair and equal share of it? Let gentle-
men answer this question in the affirmative, and
Texas is theirs. Let them answer it in the nega-
tive, and, so far as Mr. B.'s vote went, theirs it nev-
er should be. Make Texas all a slave territory,
and the effect must necessarily be to exclude all em-
igration from his quarter of the country. The very
idea of settling down for life in a country so situa-
ted, seemed to him impossible. There might be ex-
ceptions; but they were so few and far between as
but to confirm the rule. Their young men, as a
body, never would go there. Southern gentlemen
need not expect that the boys from free Ohio would
ever consent to go into a siave territory, and plow,
and reap, and grub and chop, by the side of their
negroes, and where, from the sparseness which
always characterizes a slaveholdmg population, the
district school system, the glory of the North, be-
comes impossible. They could not do it; they
never would do it; and they ought not to ask them
to do it. But let slavery be excluded from one-half
the territory, and the people of the free States would
be willing to leave to their southern friends the other
half. If annexation was to piove so very beneficial,
they asked that they might have a share in its bene-
fits. Was this not right' Was it not just' Ought
not the advantages to be equalized? He might ap-
peal to the sense of right in every human bosom on
this question. If the Texas debt was to be as-
sumed, the North would have to pay more than half
of it; if annexation plunged us in war, the North
must take their full share in the battle; and if there
were any doubt as to the lawfulness of the measure,
either from our constitution or from the law of na-
tions, must not the North take its full share of the
responsibility also? Why, in God's name, then,
was she not to have a share in the benefits?
But gentlemen said, oh! let Texas come m as an
abstract question, and settle the details afterwards.
Not by Mr. B's consent. He never would vote to
admit her till he knew the form of admission and
the conditions on which she was to come m. Not
till then should she be admitted at all, so far as his
vote was concerned. Mr. B. said that he had felt
sore at hearing the remarks which had been made
