is ^
122
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Bayly,
by certain gentlemen in this debate on the selfish-
ness of the northern character, on the love of lucre
which distinguished the men of the North, and their
destitution of all generous and expanded feeling.
Look now at these gentlemen's own position; con-
template their overflowing generosity. "What share
did they ask for in this territory? The whole. [A
laugh.] And the northern men, with their narrow
heart and contracted mind, what did they ask for?
Only one-half. [Increased laughter.] Was it not
degrading to gentlemen of the North to have such
remarks vented against them in that common hall of
the people's representatives? And there was his
colleague, too, [Mr. Dean,] he must have a fling at
tie Yankee character. Now, this matter did not so
much concern Mr. B.; he was a Dutchman himself,
but his colleague, he believed, had his birth and ed-
ucation among the Yankees; of course he might dir-
ty that nest as much as he liked without any com-
plaint from him. [General laughter.]
Mr. DEAN insisted on leave to explain.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF seemed reluctant to yield
the floor, as his time was short; but—
Mr. DEAN said his colleague had put him in a
false position, and he wanted to set himself right.
He was no Yankee by birth.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF said that if he had been
under a mistake he would with the utmost readiness
withdraw what he had said. He hoped his colleague
would not intrude upon the little time he had left
him.
Mr. DEAN said that he had got the floor for an
explanation, and he insisted on being allowed to ex-
plain. He was not the man to reflect upon his na-
tive country or his native State; and the remarks he
had made respecting New England had only been in
reply to the gentleman from Indiana. His col-
league had placed him in a position he did not de-
serve.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF endeavored to get an op-
portunity to disclaim; but—
Mr. DEAN proceeded; and, for some time both
gentlemen were speaking at once, amidst such uni-
versal shouts of laughter that very little of what
either of them said could be distinctly heard. Mr.
D. said that, so far as the gallant conduct of New
Englnud in our revolutionary struggle was concern-
ed, he conceded to them as much merit and as much
praise as any man; but when the eulogy was ex-
tended to their descendants he could not agree to it.
He referred to their conduct during the last war,
when they had refused [here the noise became
so great the reporter could hear nothing else. The
Chairman's hammer resounded, and he called to or-
der, though for some time in vain. Mr. B. endeavor-
ed to regain the floor, but Mr. D. continued to speak
under much excitement. He denied the right of
any gentleman to put another into a false position
before that House and the country. Let his col-
league fight his own battles. He believed he had
now said all he desired, and Mr. D. resumed his
seat.]
Mr. BRINKERHOFF resumed, and once more
declared that if he had been misinformed, or had
misunderstood the state of facts in relation to his
colleague, he freely withdrew all that he had said.
Before closing, however, he wished to make one
little point more. Gentlemen said to him, consent
to admit Texan without saying anything about
slavery, or making any division between slavehold-
ing or nen-slaveholding settlements, and they would
make it *11 right when she had come into the Union.
Bat if gentlemen really intended to make the pro-
posed separation of the territory by a dividing line,
why not do it now, and save trouble hereafter' Mr.
B. distrusted the sincerity of gentlemen who said
they would do a thing by-and-by, but strenuously
refused to do it now. He apprehended that this
measure was nothing else than a political intrigue
to get Texas admitted as she was, and, when
she was in the Union, then to insist that
she should still remain in the same condition.
Let her be admitted as she was, and by-
and-by what would happen? A slaveholding State
would be formed from a portion of her territory,
and would come to Congress claiming admittance.
She would be admitted; and, after awhile, another
State would be formed, and would come claiming
admittance in like manner; and when the represent-
atives of the free States insisted that, before this
second State was admitted, slavery must be prohib-
ited within her borders, what would be the language
of the gentlemen on this floor, .v/ho were in the full
enjoyment of their peculiarly blessed institution?
They would strongly remonstrate, and would ask
Jan. 1840.
H. of Reps.
the objections. Had not Texas been wholly a
slave territory when admittted into the Union? A d
had anything been insisted on then about the pro-
hibition of slavery? That was the time to insist;
that was the time to make terms and conditions; but
Texas had been received wncrnditionally; that she
should remain as she was, was therefore implied by
the very act of admission itself; for, if the South had
known that she was to come ih on any such terms,
they would have refused their assent. This was the
sort of language with which they should be met,
and it would be plausible, to say the least of it. And
then what would the North do? She would do at she
had always done: yield all ! Southern gentlemen
would point to the diplomatic correspondence in re-
gard to the admission of Texas. Let any gentle-
man read that correspondence, and then say wheth-
er the chief reason for urging her admission was
not the strengthening, and extension, and perpetua-
tion of slavery? And such an appeal would have
weight in the argument. Mr. B. knew very wel
that gentlemen from the free States had now no
such intenuon in consenting to the measure; but
that would not alter the fact. The whole Texas
territory would eventually come into the Union
as slave States. Mr. B. would therefore point
northern men, and men on all sides, to the great ad-
vantage of having this difference arranged now, and
thus avoiding ground of quarrel hereafter. Besides,
if the dividing line should be established now, the
settlements m the new territory would conform
themselves to it Non-siaveholding settlers would
go into the free portion of Texas, while those from
slave States would naturally prefer the other side
of the line. Should the settlements be made first,
and the line be drawn afterward, it would lead only
to mutual embarrassments. Gentlemen naust act as
they chose; but Mr. B warned them now that there
would be no safety to the North—none whatever—
but by insisting upon and obtaining equitable con-
ditions now.
The North had been taunted with the fact that it
never had had any but one-term presidents, demo-
cratic or federal; and gentlemen did well to remind
them of this. Yes, sir, (said Mr. B.) it was well!
Some of us might have relapsed into something like
independence of thought, independence of feeling,
and independence of action; some of us might have
been wanting in the due degree of servility, had we
not been recalled by the sound of the lash! Some
of us might have forgotten the late saorifice of one of
the wisest and purest of republican statesmen, and
been wanting in the requisite lameness. It was
well, therefore, to add the sting—the evenomed sting
of insult to the smart of recent disappointment.
Sir, (said Mr. B.) we will obey the public will.
We will abide by the constitution, its guaranties
and its compromises. But will we vote for your
southern, your sectional, your intensely selfish
scheme of annexation? I do not undertake to be
vicarious in my protestation. I speak not for others;
but, as for me, "I'd rather be a dog, and bay the
moon, than such a Roman."
Note.—General Jackson, in his letter to Mr.
Monroe, bearing date the 20th June, 1820, (a time
when that great man was in the maturity of his
powers and the vigor of his age,) says:
"With the Floridas in our possession, our fortifications
completed, Oi leans (the gieat emporium of the West) is se-
cure. The Floridas in possession of a foreign power, you
can be invaded, jour fortifications turned, the Mississippi
reached, and the lower country reduced. Fiom Texas, an
invading entmy will never attempt such an enterpi ise; ij he
does, notwithstanding all that has been said and, asserted on the
floor of Congress on this subject, I will vow h that the invader
will fay foi his temerity
SPEECH OF MR. BAYLY,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House, of Representatives, January 7, 1845—On
the joint resolutions for annexing Texas to the
United States.
Mr. BAYLY having obtained the floor, spoke as
follows:
The fale of the annexation of Texas will depend
upon the decision of Congress as to its power to ac-
complish it by bill or joint resolution; for if Texas
is not annexed in this manner, it will not be in any
other. No one now hopes tor a majority of two-
thirds of the Senate in its favor. The great ques-
tion, therefore, is, can a foreign State be brought
under our jurisdiction by bill or joint resolution of
the two Houses of Congress? And I proceed at once
(said Mr. B.) to the discussion of it.
Under our political system, there are two leading
classes of powers conferred upon the general gov-
ernment—the one relating to our foreign, the other
to our domestic relations. In all questions growing
out of the former, the interests of the different sec-
tions of the country are inseparable. In our do-
mestic affairs, they are as variant as the soils, cli-
mate, productions, and pursuits of the people of the
several States. In all that relates to the former, the
statesmen of every part of the country are equally
well informed. The latter are only understood by
the people they immediately concern. In reference
to the first, the national legislature can legislate wise-
ly; to the last, it cannot, without certain mischief.
Hence, in our wise system, there is a plenary dele-
gation of power to the general governmentinall that
concerns of external affairs, and a restricted delega-
tion in what relates to our' domestic. A different
rule of construction, therefore, ought to prevail, as
the power sought to be exercised belongs to the one
class or the other—strict construction is the rule in
the latter case, and a liberal construction in the
former. This distinction grows out of the character
of the constitution itself; was recognised by Jeffer-
son and Madison; and the reason of it is very obvi-
ous. In leference to our domestic affairs, there is a
division of power, an unequal one it is true, be-
tween the general and State governments; and to pre-
serve the balance of the system, it is indispensable
that each should be confined strictly to its appropri-
ate orbit; and to prevent the encroachment of the
former upon the rights of the latter, and the concen-
tration of all power in itself, a strict construction is
necessary. But the exercise of all power in refer-
ence to our foreign relations is prohibited to the
States, and there is no danger of encroachment in
respect to them by the general government upon the
rights of the States. Bearing this in mind, I pro-
ceed to point out the clauses of the constitution in
which the authority of Congress to pass the resolu-
tion before the committee may be found. In my
opinion, it may be found m two—in the clause au-
thorizing Congress to declare war, and in the one
permitting the admission of new States into the
Union; and also in the general power which I shall
show to exist to make alliances and confederations.
Let it not be said that, in referring the power to two
clauses of the constitution I make it vagrant, and
disprove its existence in either; for, in the language
of Chief Justice Marshall, in the case of Gibbons
and Ogden,
"The idea that the same measures might, according to
circumstances, be arranged with different classes of powers,
was no novelty to the franieis of our con&titution. AH ex-
neiience shows that the same measure or measures, scarce-
ly distinguishable from each other, may flow from distinct
powers."
It has always been admitted, in the administra-
tion of the government, that the power to declare
war carries with it the power~of doing whatever
tends directly to prevent it. In the language of
Chief J ustice Taney, in the Supreme Court,
"[-'.very thine: that concerns our foreign relations that may
be used to preserve peace or wage war, has been committed
to the hands of the general government."
I do not say it carries with it the power to do eve-
rything which a visionary might fancy would tend
to prevent it; but it certainly does everything
which immediately and directly tends that way. It
was in this manner the constitutionality of the em-
bargo and non-intercourse laws, adopted in advance
of the late war, were defended; and the power is de-
rived "in time of peace to prepare for war." Our
southwestern frontier is exceedingly exposed, as I
shall hereafter show; and as far as our constitutional
authority goes, we might erect fortifications upon its
whole extent. This no one will question. Such
being the case, cannot we, with the consent of the
people to whom the intervening territory belongs,
extend our boundary to the Rio del Norte, which,
"in connection with the mountainous desert which
skirts it, forms the first class of military obstacles."
The present boundary between the United Slates
and Texas is known to be a very inconvenient one,
and leaves our southwestern frontier exceedingly
exposed. For a large portion of the distance, that
boundary is a mere air line, and for the rest, narrow
and tranquil river::, upon each side of which the
population of the two countries is rapidly settling;
and if they are kept under separate jurisdictions,
there will be constant danger of border troubles,
leading to national disputes and wars. But between
Texas and Mexico, the national boundary is of the
very first c'.ass. In the report from the bureau of
topographical engineers, communicated lo Congress
in April last by the President of the United States,
the boundaries of Texas are thus described:
