124
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1846.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Bayly.
and the goversment which has acquired their terri-
tory. The same act which transfers their country,
transfers the allegiance of those who remain in it;
and the law which may be denominated political is
necessarily changed."
Itis insisted, however, that the power is to admit
"new States," and that it does not authorize Con-
gress to acquire a territory. That, it is said, can only
be done by a national compact, which is a treaty,
the power to make which is confided exclusively to
he President and the Senate.
The first answer to this argument is, that authori-
ty for the admission of new States carries with it
every thing which is necessary and proper to accom-
plish it; and Congress may take such initiatory steps
as may be necessary, preparatory to the admission
of the new State into the Union upon equal footing
with the rest. There is nothing in the constitution
which shows that the framers of it supposed that it
was indispensable that the new States should spring
into the Union full armed, [like Minerva from the
•rain ot Jove, if they had, such a proceeding
would have had an analogy in heathen mythology,
but not in the natural world, where every thing pro-
gresses gradually from infancy to age. If we bring
Texas under our jurisdiction as a territory, by the
passage of a bill in which provision shall be made
for its future admission into the Union as a Siate,
what hereafter shall te done, each step in the pro-
ceeding, will be part and parcel of the same trans-
action and constitute but one act. Those who
agree that we may admit a foreign State into the
Union as a State, but deny that we may bring it in
as a Territory, involve themselves in the absurdity
of maintaining that the lesser power is not included
in ,the greater; and that, although we may exercise
the last, we cannot the first.
If it be true that, under the power to admit new
States, you may not first, in the case of a foreign
State, bring such State under the jurisdiction of our
laws as a territory, then the whole clause authoriz-
ing Congress to admit them in practice might be-
come nugatory. The constitution of any foreign
State, suited for its government as an independent
power, would, for that very reason, be unsuited for
its government as a member of this confederacy;
and with it unchanged, such State could not be ad-
mitted into this Union. And it is exceedingly im-
probable that an independent State would consent—
as it is possible Texas will not—to break up her
form of government and adopt a constitution not
suited for her government as an independent State,
upon the uncertainty which always attends all future
legislation of her admission into the Union.
But it may be said, admitting this argument to be
sound, yet it only proves that the foreign State
must, of necessity , be brought under our jurisdic-
tion as a territory preparatory to its admission into
the Union; but it does not prove that this may be
done by a joint resolution. On the contrary, it is
insisted by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Winthrop] that this can only be effected, if at all,
by an international arrangement, which is a treaty;
the power to make which is exclusively vested m
the President and Senate.
This argument is founded upon the assumption
that an agreement or arrangement can only be made
between nations by treaty. If this shall turn out to
be untrue, and we shall find that compacts and
agreements are constantly made by legislation, the
whole argument falls to the ground.
The idea of the gentleman from Massachusetts
that every agreement between nations is technically
a treaty, is contradicted by the highest authority;
and, in our case, by the constitution itself.
The subject of international compacts is referred
to m three'distinct clauses of the constitution. In
the first clause of the 10th section of article 1st, it is
declared that "no State shall enter into any treaty,
alliance, or confederation." In the last clause of
the same section it is also declared that "no State
shall, without the consent of Congress, enter into
any agreement or compact with another State, or with
a foreign power." In the second clause of second
section of second article, the President is empow-
ered, "by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to make treaties, provided two-thirds of the
senators present concur."
It must always be borne in mind, in construing
the constitution, that it is almost as remarkable for
the literary execution as for the profound political
statesmanship displayed in it. The meaning of
every word seems to have been deliberately weighed.
Every word, therefore, must have its due weight
«id appropriate meaning; and not one can be re-
JH. of Keps.
jected as superfluous. In the language, of the Chief
Justice of the United States, (in the case of Holmes
vs. Jennison et al., 14th Peters, 571,) concurred in
by Messrs. Justices Wayne, McLean, and Story—•
the last two of whom, I presume, the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. "Winthrop] will admit as
authority:
"No word m the instrument (the constitution) can lie re-
jected as superfluous or unnecessary; and this principle of
construction applies with peculiar lorce to the two clauses
oi the tenth section of the first article of which we are now
speaking, because the whole of this short section is direct-
ed to the same subject—that is to say, it is employed alto-
gether in enumerating the rights surrendered by the States;
and this is done with so much clearness and brevity that
we cannot for a moment believe that a single superfluous
word was used, or words which meant merely the same
tiling. When, therefore, the second clause declares that
no State shall enter into 'any agreement or compact' with
a foreign power without the assent of Congress, the words
'agreement' and 'compact' cannot be construed as synony-
mous with one another; and still less can either of tiiem be
held to mean the same thing wilh the word 'treaty.' in the
preceding clause, into which ttie Htates are positvely and
unconditionally iorbi-Jdcn to enter, and which even the con-
sent of Congress could not authorise."
From this it seems that the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Winthrop] is mistaken in suppos-
ing that all stipulations and agreements between na-
tains are necessarily treaties. On the contrary, an-
other distinguished gentleman from the same State,
[Mr. Choate, of the Senate,] was much nearer right
when he insisted that such a transaction as is con-
templated between Texas and the United States
could not, with any propriety, be called a treaty.
On the occasion alluded to, he said:
"It must appear to be 'a treaty.' The Piosident, by and
with theadvicc and consent of the Senate, may 'make tieatiex '
What aie in the s>emc of this provision of the con-
stitution?
"] submit, sir, that they are such compacts as thou, when
the constitution was iiamed, weie, in tlu> usual, cuncnt,
general, common language of public law, ot history, and
politics, denominated treaties. The word does- not include
every possible compact, arrangement, or tr m<fietjon which,
by figurative, capricious, or unusual employment of speech,
ma) once or twice, in the whole range ol the liteiature ol in-
ternational law, he found to be called u tieaty, but 11 includes
what arc ordinarily and geueiali) called such. The consti
tutiOrt is the language ol the people. It is spoken to the
people. It is the lecoid of their will lts> words, then, au;
used in then popular sense. Kven its prolessional, techni-
cal, and legal language is employed in the known, cimcnt,
uiu.nl, piofessional, or technical sense.
"What were the compacts, then, which, according to the
received, uniform, general use oi publicists and histoiianx
at the date of the constitution, were denominated treaties'
They weie such as were made between commumtie.* oi
governments which were separate and distinct when the
compact was nuide, and whi<h woe to it-mnin ivpntntc and
distinct of lei it wax made and duune, the lift tune of the com-
pact; and they were made lo regulate the intercom se oi
these separate and distinct communities or governments.
Such compacts w ere tieatios They weie made to regulate
the, intercourse ol governments winch xoerc distinct, and weie
to i cmaiti distinct.
"Butariangements by which two distinct governments
become amalgamated into one dMinet from either, or by
which one gov emment beeomes absorbed and lost by a com-
plete incorporation with another, which thus alone survives
the process, were not then usual, nor ever, m the received
language of public law and of hi.stoi y, denominated treaties.
Such transactions were and aie called act* of surrender, acts
of union, articles of confederation, Iho constituting a gov-
ernment, the formation of a union, or the like. But ueaues
they are not. and were not called
"Now, sir, that the ordinary and usual sense in which
writers on public law employ the word treaties is that winch
I have ascribed to it, is indisputable Kvery where, in their
definitions, in their classification of treaties, in their discus-
sions of the rights they give use to, oi then rules of inter-
pretation, of the consequences of mlnnging them, of the
tribunal, the code, and the manner by which they are to be
vindicated and entorced-eveiywherc they assume thewoid
to mean a compact between two communities or govern-
ments—1\\ o ut its crention, two duiing its existence, a com-
pact, not to make them one. hut to enable them to have in-
tercourse as two. it would be to read hall a library to ver-
ify by reiercnces what joui own recollections of these
studies will, 1 am sure, confirm
"But fuithor: I think ( may venture to challenge the
learning ot honoiable senatois who delend this tiansaction,
to point out one solitary passage, in a single approved \vli-
ter on public law, in which such a transaction is called, with
approbation, and by the u riter hitncclf, a treaty. I can find
no such passage, and doubt its existence."
Again, the gentleman said:
"There occurs to my mind a transaction somewhat le-
scmbling thi.«, from \vlueh wo may boriow illustration In
1800 the independent Parliament of iieland was abolished,
and she came under the imperial legislature, as before she
h. d owned the impeiial ctovvii. Ilei people and the people
of England became, for many purposes, one Whatever of
separate and independent national existence she hail had be-
fore, was extinguished at once What was this transaction
callcd' A treaty ? No, sir, but, by friend and foe, an act
of union. So universally, in all the legislation, in the lan-
guage of fcbe ministry, throughout the debates, it is called
by everybody. Nay, Mr. Grattan distinguishes it by this
very appellarion from the proceeding of~l7S2. By that, by
the passage of certain laws of the Irish Parliament, and the
passage or lepeal of certain others by the British Pailia-
ment, Ireland had been left, in. 1782, w ith a local legislature,
and a degree and a form of independent national existence.
Alluding to that time and scene, so glorious and memorable
in the history of his own life, in contrast with that of 1800,
Mr, Grattan says, while opposing the annihilation of Irish
national existence:
'• *That treaty loft Ireland indedendent of England, and
subjected both the contracting nations to the law of nations,
which is above them both; this union annihilates ourinde
pendence, and imposes on us the municipal law of one im-
perial legislature.'
"And again:
" '7'Ae treaty of 1782 was founded on the sense of Parlia-
mentand people; this union, if ever taking place, will be m
opposition to both. To that Ire ity there were in this House
only two dissentientvoices; to this unitmthere are one hun-
dred and twenty!'
"His antithesis .happily and justly seizes and embodies
tho general distinction of meaning on which I have in-
sisted."
Now, Mr. Chairman, (said Mr. B.,) I think 1
may fairly offset the argument of the representative
from Massachusetts in this House [Mr. Winthrop]
by that of the representative of the same place in
another department of the government. But,in do-
ing; so, 1 cannot help remarking that this Texa3
transaction met with rather singular treatment from
these Massachusetts gentlemen. When it was
proposed to annex it by treaty, one of them
argues that the transaction is not a treaty,
and it cannot be done in that way. He in-
sists that an act of confederation is the only
mode. Well, under the influence of this argument,
in part, perhaps, the treaty is rejected. This is fol-
lowed up by a joint resolution, suggested by this
argument; and it is no sooner done than a repre-
sentative from the same State most gravely argues
that the transaction is a treaty, the power to nego-
tiate which is exclusively vested in the President
and Senate.
It being thus established that there are other in-
ternational contracts than treaties, it remains to be
seen whether Congress can enter into them.
From the clauses of the constitution which I
have quoted, there are five distinct modes of mak-
ing such contracts recognised by it. First, by
treaty; second, by an alliance; third, by a confed-
eration; fourth, by agreement; and fifth, by com-
pact; and although it is true, in the language of the
four judges already referred to, "that all the powers
which relate to our foreign relations are confided to
the general government," it will also be seen that
the power of negotiating but one of these (viz. a
treaty) is confided to the President and Senate; and
as they are inhibited to the States, the three first ab-
solutely, and the two last, unless with the consent
of Congress, it follows that if they are not less
vested in Congress, they have no existence in our
system; and that this nation alone, of all the nations
of the earth, cannot, in any of its departments,
make an alliance or confederation, nor make an
agreement or compact, except through the States,
with the consent of Congress. And although we
owe our independence, in part, to an alliance with
France, there is no power in the government to en-
ter into a similar one, even if indispensable to pre-
serve it. And here let me remind gentlemen who
contend that Congress cannot enter into a compact
or agreement with a foreign nation, into what ab-
surdity they involve themselves. It has been seen
that the States can be empowered lo do either by
the consent of Congress; and yet these gentlemen
must maintain that what Cougiess can empower
others to do, it cannot do itself. It is not true that
wc may empower others to do everything which
we arc authorized to do. But it is true generally,
both in national and municipal law, that a person
may do himself what he may authorize others to
do; and I do not think that an exception to this
general proposition will be found in the constitu-
tion of the United States. There are four instances,
besides the one in question, where powers may be
exercised by the States with the con,sent of Con-
gress; and in each of them Congress possesses the
unquestionable right of exercising the same power,
viz:
1st. To lay imposts and duties on imports and ex-
ports.
2d. To lay duties on tonnage.
3d. To keep troops and ships of war in time of
peace.
4th. To engage in war, when actually invaded,
or in such imminent danger as not to admit of
delay.
Each of these powers the States x ay exercise
with the consent of Congress; and that consent is
required to prevent a conflict between the laws of
Congress and the States. When, therefore, the con-
sent of Congress is required to authorize a State to
