Jan, I84i>
appendix to the congressional globe.
• *
\U
'•r 28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Bayly.
H. of Reps.
enter into an agreement or compact with a foreign
State, it presupposes the existence of a power in
Congress to do it.
Mr. Chairman, I therefore maintain that, inde-
pendent of the authority to admit Texas into this
Union derived from the war power and' the power
to admit new States, she may be admitted by virtue
of the power in Congress not to make treaties, for
it has no such power, but to contract alliances, enter
into confederations, and make agreements and com-
pacts, each of which powers I have shown Con-
gress to possess. This is certainly so, if the ratifi-
cation by Texas of the proposition nnder consider-
ation, after it has been adopted by us, would constitute
in an alliance, or confederation, or agreement, or com-
pact. And surely it would be doing no violence
even to technical language to call it either.
If it were necessary to fortify by precedent, what
seems so plain, that Congress may make agreements
and compacts with foreign nations it could be done
from every part of our commercial code. We havff
been constantly saying in our legislation, since the
formation of the government, to foreign nations, if
you will do particular things, we will do others.
Examples may be found of this in the law regulat-
ing oar intercourse with the British West Indies,
and in our embargo and non-intercourse laws.
It is thus shown that, as far as our constitutional
authority is concerned, there is no obstacle to the
annexation of Texas to this Union.
I proceed at once (said Mr. B.) to the next ques-
tion which presents itself: Is Texas competent to
assent to a union with this country by her own act,
without consulting that of any other nation? When
I can refer to the unquestioned and unquestionable
fact that she is a free, independent, and sovereign
State, it does seem to me that all argument upon
the point is at an end. The independence of Texas
has been acknowledged by England, France, Hol-
land—all the great powers of Europe and ourselves.
And all of these nations are clearly estopped from
questioning her right to do whatever tiny sovereign
State may of right do. But, it is said, this ackowl-
edgmcnt is of her independence "de facto," and not
"dejnre." The conclusive answer to this is, the
distinction between a government "de facto" and a
government "de jure," in the sense in which it was
originally used, is obsolete. In this nineteenth cen-
tury there is practically no such distinction. It origi-
nated in the monstrous dogma that kings reign by
divine right; and the expression "de jure" is but a
contraction of "de jure divino." Since our revolution,
the will of the governed has ever been regarded as the
only legitimate foundation ofgovernment. And when,
therefore, foreign nations find in any country an
organized government, in possession of the ad-
ministration, with such evidences of stability and
order as excludes the idea that it is the result of
a mere temporary revolutionary eruption, such as
would authorize them, according to the old notions,
to treat with it as a government de facto, they are
compelled to admit that it has the will of the people,
he only rightful foundation of government, as its
basis, and it becomes at once a government de jure.
Indeed, sir, the principle in which this distinction
between a government de jure and de facto origina-
ed, wm exploded long before our revolution. At
the treaty of Utretcht, in 1713, the legitimacy of the
English revolution of 1G88 was recognised, and the
cause of the Stuarts was finally abandoned by France,
and with it the principle of hereditary indefeasible
right on which it is founded. And even where this
distinction prevailed, I defy gentlemen to produce
an instance where, under the law of nations, all the
contracts and engagements of the government de fac-
to were not heldbmding upon all subsequent admin-
istrations of the same country. No one supposed
that the engagements entered into by Cromwell
were not binding upon the English nation, because
his was not, according to the notion I have referred
to, a government de jure; nor that France was not
bound by those made by Napoleon, even after the
Bourbons regained possession of the French throne.
It is m this way only that our title to Louisiana is
sustained. I could illustrate this argument, but it
would only consume my time, without, perhaps,
making my position stronger.
I might show, further, that the present govern-
ment of Mexico never had any authority in '1exas.
But the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Paine] has
gone so fully into this view of the subject as to make
any details from me superfluous. Texas, as an in-
dependent State, was a member of the Mexican con-
federacy of 1824, the constitution of which was
overthrown by a military usurper. Texas never
assented to the change in the form of government.
On the contrary, she openly resisted it. Since then
there have been several revolutionary and violent
changes of the constitution of Mexico. In none of
them did Texas participate. Under these circum-
stances, I had not supposed, in this couiitry at least,
until since this question has been in agitation, that
one man could be found who wonld maintain that
the Texian people could be bound by allegiance to a
government, in the formation of which they had no
hand, and the authority of which they have constant-
ly denied., The truth is, in Texas is to be found
the only remnant of the original Mexican confedera-
cy, and the position could only be made out accord-
ing to the recognised doctrine in the law of nations
of post liminy, that hers is the legitimate and reg-
ular governmentof thecountry; and that the consent
of Texas is much more requisite to validate an act
of the present Mexican government than hers
to validate an act of the Texian. Besides,
I should like to be told by same gentleman
learned in the doctrine of "de facto" and "de
wre," which of the present contending fac-
tions in that country constitutes the true Mexican
government, and from which of them the recogni-
tion of Texian independence must be obtained to
constitute hers a government de jure? From Santa
Anna, the leader of one of these factions, and who,
for a long time, had undisputed possession of the
government, such acknowledgment has been ob-
tained. (See appendix C.) But it is said he did
not act in the capacity of the organ of the Mexican
nation, according to the forms of the constitution,
but of a general in captivity. Will it be maintained
here that a government can take advantage of the
terms of a capitulation entered into by one of its
commanders, and not abide by it herself? Sir, a
nation, no more than an individual, can profit by a
contract which it refuses to perform. But it is said
Santa Anna was in duress when he stipulated for
the acknowledgment of the independence of Texas.
If that were true, still if Mexico takes advantage,
by the terms of the stipulation, as she unquestiona-
bly has m this instance, she must perform them
upon her part. If she disavow it altogether, she
must place things in the condition in which they
were when they were entered into. Let me not be
told that this is mere nisi prius learning. Sir, it is
the law of nations—of eternal justice.
It is thus shown that we are capable of acquiring
Texas, and Texas of uniting with us. Is it desi-
rable that we shall do so? This is the next ques-
tion. Texas is a fine country, as everybody admits;
it is as large as France, and is peopled by our race—
by bone of our bone, and flesh of our flesh. Prima
facie, its acquisition is desirable. Let us, therefore,
look to the objections to it. But, before I do that,
I must be excused for interrupting the course of
my argument for a moment, to notice a remark of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Win-
throp.] I consider this due to the duties of private
friendship and the memory of the dead. The gen-
tleman was pleased to say:
"He could not help feeling pome sympathy with the peo-
ple of Texas under the precise circumstances in which they
were now placed, betrayed, as they had been, in so humili-
ating a posture, by false pretcnces and false promises.
Where has been the fulfilment of that promise which a
President of the United States, speaking through his Secre-
tary of State, had dared to hold out to them'? 'Measures
have been taken to ascertain the opinion? and views of
senators upon the subject, and it ts found that a cluca covstt-
tutional majority oj two-thirds are in fax or of the measure.''
Mr. W. began to entertain some hope that the people of
Texas would awake to some respect for themselves under
the treatment they bad received, arid would no longer sutler
themselves to be duped and trifled with either by Presidents
or Congress."
Sir, (said Mr. B.,) I knew the late Judge Upshur
well. He was my neighbor, my friend. He was
a man of honor, who, in the most immaterial trans-
action of life, would not have lightly given assu-
rances which should regulate the conduct of others.
And in so important a transaction as an official ne-
gotiation, to say nothing about the solemn dignity
of the one in question, I am perfectly certain that
he would not have given such an assurance as is re-
ferred to by the gentlemen unless he felt fully au-
thorized by such information as would satisfy the
most cautious man that he might with propriety do
it. Indeed, he expressly says, in the despatch re-
ferred to, that every necessary step had been taken
to procure accurate information of the disposition
of the Senate. And, Mr. Chairman, if departed
spirits could be permitted to revisit this world, and
the lamented Gilmer, by whom the duty of sound-
ing the Senate wag undertaken, as I am told, could
appear among us again—if Upshur were here to ex-
plain a memorandum found among his papers, tqo
meagre to be understood by others, in w hich a list
is given of Senators "certain for" and "certain
against," the former comprising two-thirds, per-
haps it would be found that the small politicians of
the eountry were not the only persons who sudden-
ly changed their position upon the Texas question
after the appearance of the Raleigh letter. The
memorandum, it is believed, referred to the Texas
negotiation. It is known at the time the subject
was uppermost in his mind, and absorbed all his
thoughts. It was, I believe, the only negotiation
he was conducting at the time, and I do not know
to what else it could refer. But, be that as it may,
of one "thing I am certain, that however he or the
President might have been deceived, I am certain
both of them are incapable of betraying others by
"false promises and false pretences."
To say nothing about- the immorality of giving
such an assurance, in the absence of such evidence
of its truth as convinced him that it might be given
with propriety, look at the folly of the thing. A
very short time would test its accuracy. And can •
any one believe that a gentleman of Judge Upshur's
character would deliberately, in a public despatch,
give an assurance, the truth of which the action of
the Senate would so soon disprove?
But to return from this digression from the regu-
lar course of my argument, which I felt it due, as
well to the living as the dead, to make.
It is said Texas is still at war with Mexico, and
that by annexation we instantly adopt that war and
make it our own; and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll,] to excite the alarm
of the navigating interest of the North, said that in
that event our commerce will be destroyed by the
depredations of privateers commissioned by the
Mexican government. The ready answer to this is,
that according to the law of nations, two-thirds of
ihe crew of a privateer must be citizens of the country
which commissions it, or it becomes a pirate, and,
in the event of capture, liable to be treated as such.
Now, I ask, (said Mr. B.,) where is the Mexican
marine from which two-thirds of the crews of
enough privateers are to be found to harass serious-
ly our commerce. Gentlemen know that there is
nonesuch.
Besides, does any one hear of depredation upon
the Texian commerce by privateers commissioned
by Mexico? Let it not be said in answer that Texas
has no shipping, and that her commerce is carried on
m British bottoms. We all know that, m the absence
of treaty stipulations, free ships do not make free
goods; and in the treaty between Mexico and Eng-
land , there is no stipulation to make them so.
I deny, however, that, by annexation, we adopt
the war with Mexico, if any such exists. I deny
that in that event we will take our law from Texas;
on the contrary, I insist she will take hers from us.
The United States are not to be merged in Texas,
but Texas in them. The United States are at
peace; after annexation, Texas will be at peace also.
When we purchased Louisiana of France, France
being at war, we did not assume the French war;
on the contrary, Louisiana, which was a part of the
French territory, and as such, at war with England,
was at once placed at peace. It is true, Mexico
may regard, if she choose, annexation as an act of
such unfriendliness as to make it the pretext for de-
claring war; but to put us at war with her, after
annexation, she will have to make a declaration of
it—a thing which she may do now if it suits her
fancy. Mexico may make annexation a cause of
war, as she may, if she choose, make aaything else;
but it will not bo war itself.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. R.
Ingersoll] says that there is at present an over-
production of cotton, hence the low price of it, and
that by the annexation of Texas that overproduc-
tion will be increased. I shall not stop to inquire
whether the low price of cotton at this time is attri-
butable to overproduction; that question will come
up on another occasion. But I do not see how the
annexation of Texas is to increase the aggregate of
cotton produced, or the defeat of that measure is to
prevent it, unless in that event the orders of the
Mexiran government are to be carried into effect,
and there is to be an indiscriminate slaughter, with-
out respect to age, sex, or condition, of the inhab-
itants of that country, and the country itself left a
perpetual wilderness. By refusing to admit Texas
we do not annihilate her; on the contrary, with a
a free-trade treaty with England, the production of
cotton there will be much more stimulated than if
