126
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Bayly.
she is joined to us. And the consequence would
be, the planters of the South, crippled by the com-
petition of a formidable rival in the neighboorhood,
in the culture of cotton, would become depressed;
and in place of affording a market for the grain and
stock of the farming regions of the country, they
would not only be driven to raise their own sup-
plies, but they would turn their attention to grain-
growing, and become our rivals in the already glut-
ted eastern markets. But that would not be the
worst. Texas, made prosperous by getting all of
the articles of her consumption free from the tax of
an oppressive tariff, and her cotton received in Eng-
land on favortd terms, would entice from us a large
portion of our population and wealth.
Sir, (said Mr. B.) this cotton argument, as it is
called, is a strong inducement with me for desiring
the acquisition of Texas. It will give us the entire
control of that great staple, the principal basis of our
foreign commerce, and the great conservator of the
peace of the world. As long as we have control of
the cotton trade, we have little to fear from war with
European nations. Without our cotton, thousands
oT factories in all of them would be compelled to
stop, and the discontented inmates of them turned
loose upon society to excite rebellion or to starve.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Win-
throp] says he is opposed to the annexation of
Texas because he desires to preserve the balance of
power between the North and the South. It is this,
(said Mr. B.,) in part, which makes me irresistibly
anxious to see it annexed. I agree with the honor-
able gentleman in the importance of that balance in
preserving the harmsny of our system. The nice
adjustment of opposing'influences is almost as ne-
cessary in political as in planetary systems. And,
as in the latter, the undue preponderance of either
the centrifugal or centripetal influence would throw
the whole system into disorder and ruin, so in the
former, a controlling power in the hands of any one
section would inevitably lead to the oppression of
every other. The introduction of check ■ and bal-
ances in the administration of governments has been
the great moral achievement of modern times. To
preserve the balance to which the honorable gentle-
man refers, it has heretofore been the policy of the
fovernment to admitaslaveholding and a non-slave-
olding State part passu. But that policy cannot be
pursued much longer. The Missouri compromise,
as it is unjustly called—the Missouri surrender, as
it should be called—threw the larger portion of our
territory on the side of the free States; and Florida,
unless Texas is annexed, will be the last slavehold-
ing State admitted into this Union. Whereas, on
the other side, there are Iowa and Wisconsin already
prepared to apply foradmission, to say nothing about
the other States which will grow up in the great
northwest and Oregon. When these two Territo-
ries shall be admitted, the non-slaveholding States
will have the preponderance in the Senate, as they
now have in this House. And it will be in their
power always to control the presidential election.
And I ask who, at all attentive to the signs of the
times, can believe that surh a preponderance of one
section in every department of the government will
conduce to the harmony of oursystem or the perpetui-
ty of our Union' Sir, I ask for no such preponder-
ance for the South. We only desire a shield to
protect, not a weapon to attack. If the whole of Tex-
as should be brought in as slave States, we all know
that the non-slaveholdipg States would still have a
decided majority in this House, and the South
could not even hope for a majority in the Senate.
All she can hope for is an equality there. But a
decided majority there, much less a mere equality,
would notgive the South anything more than a con-
stitutional check, which the North already has, and
will ever continue to have, in this House. And I
put it to the candor of gentlemen to soy, if the South,
in insisting upon an equality of influence—nothing
more—in one of the weakest departments of the gov-
ernment, is asking too much.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Win-
throp] Informs us that a hope is entertained by the
republican party, that the northern whigs would ex-
hibit on this occasion their anti-slavery feelings to
such an excess as to embarrass their whig friends at
the South in the comins elections; and from a remark
he made at the opening of his speech, he seemed to
think that such was my wish. I assure the honora-
ble member (said Mr. B ) that, as far I am concern-
ed, he is mistaken. But although he told us that
such a hope would be disappointed, yet he could not
refrain fiom saying that, upon the ground of slavery
alone, he would oppose the admission of Texas now
. Jan. I84!i.
H. of Reps.
and always. It will remain to be se^n whether the ten-
der mercy shown for the whig friends of the gentle-
man from the South—which is so great as to cause
him to abstain from pressing a leading head of his
argument, and the one which is known to constitute
the principal objection to annexation with horthern
men—will not be as injurious to those friends and
allies, as if free vent had been given to his anti-
slavery feelings—whether the embrace of friendship
will not be as fatal as the blows hostility?
The honorable gentleman informs us that the
South, before the revolution, remonstrated against
slavery being forced upon them by Great Britain;
and he expresses his surprise that we should now
complain that she should express a desire to see
slavery abolished among us. Does not the honora-
ble gentleman know that the very fact he mentions
is in part the ground of our complaint? When we
were colonies of England, and she had an interest in
the matter, she forced slavery upon us; but now,
when we are no longer so—when we arc a rival of
hers, and she is interested in our downfall—accoul-
ing to her own official declaration, she is constantly
exerting herself to destroy the very institution which
her cupidity forced upon us. Is it possible that
there could be a stronger ground of complaint*
The honorable gentleman is mistaken in suppos-
ing that Great Britain has gone no further than to
express a wish 4'to see" slavery abolished in Texas.
In the very despatch from which he quotes, Lord
Aberdeen says:
"It is well known, both to the United States and the whole
world, that Gioat Britain desires and if constantly exerting
herrelf to procure the general abolition of slavery through-
out the world; but the means winch she has adopted, and
will continue to adopt, for this humane and virtuous pur-
pose, are open and undisguised. With regard to Texas, we
avow that we wish to see slavery abolished there as else-
where. But, although we earnestly desire, and feel it our
duty to promote, such a consummation, we shall not inter-
fere unduly, or with an improper assumption of authority,
with either part), in order to insure the adoption of such a
course "
Ilcrc is something more than the expression of a
wish to see slavery abolished throughout the world.
Here is an open avowal, by the government itself,
that it is constantly exerting all of its tremendous
power to compass this end.
But gentlemen answer, although she is thus ex-
erting herself, she does not mean to interfere unduly
and by an improper assumption of authority. Now,
sir, the meaning of these words depends upon the
character of the person by whom they are used.
What one might consider veiy pioper another
would think very improper, Paul Clifford, design-
ed as a sarcastic portraiture of a British statesman,
drawn by one of themselves, thought it not improp-
er to rob upon the highway, and doubtless would
have assured, with cold impudence, an unfortunate
traveller, m the very act of rilling his pockets, that
he did not mean to interfere with him unduly or by
an improper assumption of authority. The proba-
bility is, the tiaveller would have looked upon his
conduct in a very different light. But we are riot left to
conjecture as to what England will regard as proper
means to effect the end she has in view. She did
not consider it an undue means of effecting a disso-
lution of the CJnion, an object which has ever been
near her heart as the effectual means of destroying
our prosperity and power, to burn, m a Vandal-
like spirit, the Capitol of this nation. The heathen-
ish act was not understood at the time. No im-
portant militaiy purpose was to be accomplished
by it, and the motive of it was not understood, un-
til since the war. A publication me.de since, by an
English officer engaged in the expedition, explains
it.
It was vainly hoped, at a moment when there was
so much discontent between the different sections of
the country, that if the Capitol were destroyed,
when the proposition was made to rebuild it, a
movement would be set on foot to remove the seat
of government, and that, adding to the discontent
already existing, would lead to a dissolution of the
Union. We shall hereafter see that, for the pur-
pose of abolishing the slave trade, with motives of
aggrandizement similar to those which actuate her
now, she did not hesitate to expend millions of
money and cede away important colonies. She
does not consider it an improper means of effecting
her object to invite the abolitionists at the North to
an agitation of the subject of slavery, with a view of
its abolition here, nor in her world's convention, as
it was ambitiously called, held in her metropolis, to
lay down the plan for their operation. In ] 832—
prior to which time there was no agitation upon the
subject of slavery in this^ hall, no hue-and-cry about
the right of petition—there was raised jn the British
Parliament a committee on the subject of slavery.
The following question was propounded by that
committee to Mr. Ogden, the American consul at
Liverpool:
"To Mr. Ogden: If yon could suppose that the slaves of
Louisiana were generally able to read, and that angry dls-
cussions perpetually took place in Congress on the subject
of theiciibe.ration, which discussions, by means of reading
were made known' to the slaves of Louisiana, do you think
that with safety the state of slavery co.uld endure there J"
The result of the answer to'this question was seen
in the world's convention. The benefits, as they
were pleased to call it, of the agitation of the sub-
ject of slavery on this floor, is tints explained:
"The interest which they themselves wilf take in the
discussion. In spite of all precautions, the slaves will be-
come acquainted with what so deeply interests them; and,
so far as they do, self-respect will be regenerated—an ex-
cellent and profitable sentiment for a free laborer, but ruin-
ous to the stave It was the testimony of the planters of
Jamaica before the British Parliament that their slaves be-
came acquainted with all that passed m respect to them, m
the mother country, and were thereby too much excited to
fill the placesiof slaves with slavish obedience.
"The knowledge of the slave that a portion of the whites
are exerting themselves for his emancipation, upon the
ground that he is illegally held in bondage, will make him,
they saj, impatient m his servitude It will make him sul-
len and moody. It will incite him to indulge dreams of free-
dom in another land which he can never enjoy in his own.
lie will be reduced to a condition in which his master can-
not icly upon his labor. lie will be disposed to run away,
and at a time when his sen ices can be least spared. Tne
master will be subjected to constant and heavy expense to
recapture him. He will thus become to his owner a source
of vexation rather than comfort, of trouble and expense
rather than profit."
England did not consider it an improper means of
sapping the prosperity of her then great lival, France,
to instigate the French mulatto, Oge, to excite a ser-
vile insurrection in St. Domingo, and to furnish him
with a ship, the arms, and money to accomplish his
purpose, and without which that insurrection would
have been crushed.
Another means which England will not consider
as undue to effect her object, is to take advantage of
the present condition of Texas to force her to abol-
ish slavery as the condition of the guaranty of her
independence. At this time, when Texas is weak
and threatened with invasion by inhuman barbar-
ians, England does not hesitate to take advantage of
this sort of duress to foice Texas to consent to
abolish slavery. As proof of this, I refer to an ar-
ticle which I cut from a late number of the London
Times, which is known to be the organ of the Brit-
ish government, and to speak its sentiments. That
article is in these words:
"It is possible that the intelligence of Mr. Polk's election
may suggest a more guarded course to the Mexican gene-
ral; but, on the other hand, the vehement threats of annexa-
tion with which the demociatic party have brought in their
candidate, may induce the Mexicans to strike a blow in the
nevt fo\y months before the new government is installed at
Washington.
"I'ndor these critical circumstances, it is not unreasonable
to contend that the European powers which have recognised
the independence ol Texas, are bound, in good policy, as
v, ell as m good faith, to demand of Mexico, as well as of
eveiy wther power, that this new State h# acknowledged and
unmolested If we had a sufficient interest in this question to
recognise Texas at all—if we, in common with other states
of Kurope, (n e jutpawd In tcsisl the annexation of Texas to
the Umt<<l Stale* as on fret of rapine, calculated to deprive «v
of a usejul ally, to perpetuate slamij, and to create a lira1
tna> ttim'c poivf'i in (he (i>dj of Mrx.u o, it would appear to be
no more than jus-t to maintain the independence of Texas
against Mexico jtsidf*, and, ybo\ e all, by o deelardtkm of the
principal states of Kurope to teiminate this state of uncer-
tainty and menace. Had Tea as (onwnted io abolnh slavey,
all her politu al difficulties u ould long; since Aa v been termina-
ted; and instead of being an object of mmcled contempt and
desire to the population of the United States, she would have
placed her whole social condition on a higher and more se-
cure basis than theirs and \\ onld be prepared to play a con-
spicuous part in the history of the new world.*
Here it is distinctly enough admitted that, "had
Texas consented to abolish slavery," England
would have guarantied her independence; for how
otherwise can we understand that that event would
have terminated all of her political difficulties, and
placed her social condition on a higher awd more
secure basis than ours? And the zeal of England
for the abolition of slavery in Texas is so great, she
is willing to risk to attain it, as is shown by her in-
sisting upon that condition, the loss of "a useful
ally," and the creation in Hie United States of "a
rival maritime power in the Gulf of Mexico !n The
country will judge who probably understands the
purposes of the British government best—the whigs
of this House, or the English ministerial press.
But the honorable gentleman's own argument im -
pliedly admits that the institution of slavery is in
danger from the machinations of the British govern-
ment. He assures us, it is true, in the teeth of the
