Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i£f-
28th Cong 2d Sess.,
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Bayly.
H. of Reps.
fact, as is shown by the agitation of the subject on
this floor by northern men, and by none more than
by members from his own State—he assures us
that northern statesmen do not desire to interfere
with this institution in the States as it is, and that
we have nothing to fear from them. If this be the
case, and foreign nations let us alone, slavery is se-
cure; for I assure him it is in no danger from our-
selves. How, then, will the annexation tend to
perpetuate it?. It can only be by securing us against
Great Britain, the only one of all the foreign nations
which is agitating this auestion.
Having thus shown tnat England is exerting all
her energies to abolish slavery in Texas, and that
she will stop at no means to accomplish it, let me
ask what is her object? Lord Brougham, one of her
leading statesmen in the House of Lords, answers
the question:
"The markets from whence they obtain their supply of
slaves are Georgia, the Carolinas, and Virginia, which States
constantly sent their surplus slave population, which would
otherwise be a burden to them, to the Texian market. No-
doubt it was true, as has been stated, that they treated their
slaves tolerably well, because they knew that it-was lor their
interest to rear them, as they had such a profitable market for
them m Texas This made him irresistibly anxious for the
abolition of slavery in Texas; for, if it were abolished there,
not only would that country be cultivated by free and white
labor, but it would put a stop to the habit of breeding slaves
lor the Texian market. The consequence would be, that
they would solve this great question in the history of the
United States, for it must ultimately end in the abolition of
slavery in America. He, therefore, looked forward most
anxiously to the abolition of slavery in Texas, and he was
convinced that it would ultimately end in the abolition of
slavery throughout the whole of America."
And why does England desire the abolition of
slavery in the United States? Sir, it is to cripple our
prosperity; and the blow is aimed as much at the
North as the South, as much at that portion of the
country which is her most formidable rival in com-
merce and manufacturers as at us, who are profita-
ble consumers of her productions, and her rivals in
but little.
If there are any'here who may be deluded by the1
idea that England is actuated by philanthropic
motives, ifhe will attend for a few moments I will
show him that, so far from that, her purposes are
the most selfish and heartless. A short recital of
authentic historical facts will establish this posi-
ion.
We all know that for more than two centuries the
African slave trade was carried on by the British na-
tion under the patronage of the government, and
was protected by charters of monopoly and pub-
c treaties. Under the Stuart kings, charters were
granted, endowed with exclusive privileges for car-
rying on the African slave trade, and they were sus-
tained by all the power and patronage of the British
government.
At the celebrated treaty of Utrecht, in 1713, by
which the Spanish succession war was terminated,
he British nation obtained, by what was called the
Jlssiento contract, the exclusive privilege of carry-
ing on the slave trade for thirty years, at the rate of
4,800 slaves yearly; and Lord Brougham said, in
the House of Commons in 1815, the English nation
had obtained "the whole price of the victories
of Ramillies and Blenheim in an additional share
of the slave trade;" and Mr. C. Grant, in 3818, in-
formed us "that she higgled at Aix la Chapelle for
four years longer of this exclusive trade, and at the
treaty at Madrid clung to the last remains of the
Assiento contract."
In consequence of the activity of the marine of
England, and her possessing the exclusive trade,
she soon stocked her own colonies. Desiring the
monopoly of the tropical productions, as the means
of securing it, and to prevent the supply of labor
for the southern colonies of other nations, she com-
menced agitation in favor of the abolition of the Afri-
can slave trade. But it was only the African
8 ave1 It was necessary that the subject of it
should have a black skin and a woolly head to
enlist English sympathies. It is notorious that slave
fairs are regularly held in the regencies of Tripoli and
Morocco, and they are transported thence up ?he Le-
vant, where they are again exposed to sale like cattle
m the market. But these people did not come into
competition with English colonies in the production
of the great articles of commerce, and hence they do
not enjoy her disinterested philanthropy, which has
its beginning and end in the profits of trade.
In the abortive attempt at negotiation for peace bv
Mr. Fox in 1806, an effort was made to induce
France to join in the abolition of the slave trade
The French minister replied:
"That England, with her colonies well stocked with ne-
groes, and affording a large produce, might abolish the
slave trade without inconvenience; but that France, with
colonies ill stocked and deficient in produce, could not
abolish it without conceding to England the greatest ad-
vantages, and sustaining a proportionable loss."
Upon the restoration of Louis XVIII to the
French throne, (who acknowledged that.he owed it
to Great Britain,) his gratitude was appealed to to
abolish the slave trade; and that being ineffectual,
offers of sums of money and the cession of a West
India island were made, but without success; the
same answer being given substantially which had
been given before. In August, 1815, England re-
stored to the Dutch government their colonies, ex-
cepting the Cape of Good Hope ami Dutch Guiana,
in consideration of the entire abolition of the slave
trade by the latter.
During the negotiation "of the treaty concluded at
Madrid on the 5th of July, 1814, Great Britain at-
tempted to prevail on Spain to prohibit to her sub-
jects both the general slave trade and their importa-
tion into the Spanish colonies, and went so far as to
offer to continue the pecuniary subsidies which the
deplorable condition of the Spanish finances made so
necessary. But she failed, the Duke of San Carlos
remarking,
"That, when the slave trade was abolished bj' Great
Britain, the proportion of negroes to the whites in the Bnt-
ish colonies was as twenty to one, while in the Spanish
colonies there were not more blacks than whites "
And he refused to take a step which "he consid-
ered would be fatal to the very existence of the colo-
nies."
In January, 1815, Great Britain obtained from
Portugal, for pecuniary equivalents, the prohibition
to its subjects of the slave trade on the western coast
of Africa north of the equator. Further than this
Portugal would not go.
The island ofGuadaloupe, conquered from France,
was ceded by Great Britain to the Swedish crown,
upon condition of abolishing the slave trade; and at
the treaty of Madrid of the 22d of September, 1817,
she purchased from Spain the immediate abolition
of the slave trade north of the equator, and a prom-
ise to abolish it altogether after 1820, for the sum of
;£400,000.
Up to this time we had not heard a word
about the abolition of slavery. Indeed, as late as
1824 Mr. Canning said, in the British Parliament,
"that, if he were asked which he would prefer,
permanent slavery or immediate abolition, he would
answer that he would prefer things remaining as
they were;" and gave as a reason for preferring per-
manent slavery to immediate emancipation, the in-
capacity of the negro to enjoy, from the want of
mental and moral cultivation, the sweets of liberty;
and "his duty to guard the interests of those who,
by no fault of their own—by inheritance—by acci-
dent—by encouragement of repeated acts of the le-
gislature, find their property invested in a concern
exposed to innumerable hazards and difficulties
which do not belong to property of another charac-
ter—such as, if they had their option, as their ances-
tors had, they doubtless would have preferred."
But, while these events were transpiring, a great
change was taking place in the British empire.
There was found m the counting-house of the East
India company an obscure boy (afterwards Lord
Clive) who turned out one of Britannia's gods of
war. By the power of his genius a small English
trading post in India was expanded until it com-
prehended an empire of one hundred millions of
souls.
In the mean time great changes were going on in
England. From being an agricultural people, and
the exporter of agricultural produce, by the inven-
tions of the power loom and spinning jenny, the im-
provements in science, and the introduction of the
steam engine, she was converted into a great man-
ufacturing nation. To sustain her manufactures, a
secure market was necessary for the productions'of
them. The same causes which had stimulated man-
ufactures in England, had also done the same thing
m the United States and upon the continent of Eu-
rope. Besides, those markets, even if they were
open, were not within the exclusive control of Great
Britain. This was indispensable, and the desider-
atum was found in India, if her people could but be
raised up to the condition of consumers. To do this
it was only necessary to destroy all her rivals in the
production of the growth of the tropics. These ri-
vals were the United States, the West Indies, and
Brazil. The staples of each of these countries were
cotton, rice, tobacco, sugar, and coffee. These were
the staples of British India. England had seen the
island of San Domingo converted, by the single act
of negro emancipation, from the most flourishing of
all the West India islands into the most unproduc-
tive, and the culture of the indigo plant, which was
its staple, transplanted to the banks of the Ganges
and Burampooter. And it was once inferred that if
African slavery could be abolished, British India
would possess a monopoly in the production of the
plants of the tropics, and her prosperity be establish-
ed upon a secure basis. England considered the sac-
rifice of her West India colonies buta small price for
so great a good. The <£20,000,000 which was appro-
priated for the indemnity of the planters amounted to
nothing, as scarcely a dollar of it left London, it be-
ing recieved by British mortgagees of West India
plantations. And an agitation was at once com-
menced, in the hypocritical name of philanthropy, in
favor of the abolition of slavery. And as soon as
it was accomplished in the West Indies, the theatre
of operations was transferred to this country in the
manner I have very briefly noticed. The fact that
philanthropy had nothing to do in the matter, is
shown, if other proof were wanting, by the emanci-
pation act of the British Parliament itself. By the
44th section of that act, it is declared that "it shall*
not extend to any of the territory in the possession
of the East India company, or the islands of Ceylon
or St Helena." And yet this is precisely the coun-
try where slavery exists in its most horrid form,
and where the British government is itself the greatest
slaveholder in the world, and hires out its slaves for
profit. (See appendix A.)
As startling as these disclosure are, the whole story
is not yet told. England has not only engaged in a
hypocritical crusade against slavery, at the time she
is herself the greatest slaveholder in the world, but
she has absolutely made the act of her Parliament
for the abolition of the slave-trade, the means of
converting her national navy into slavers. Whenever
one of her cruisers captures a slaver, she is carried
in and condemned, and the Africans found in her
are taken to the West Indies and sold into appren-
ticeship, (as this new species of slavery is called ) to
raise the prize money. (See appendix B.)
Now, (said Mr. B.) I assert with a perfect knowl-
edge of the subject upon which I am speaking that
this species of slavery and slave trade, introduced
by the British government, is the more profitable to
the master and slaver, and more galling to the slave
than any which can possibly be imagined. Let us
look at the operation of it. It has been seen from
the publication made by D. Hall, that the English
m carrying on their slave trade, do not purchase the
negroes as other slavers do, but they capture them.
Under the English act abolishing the slave trade £1
is given to the captors for every slave taken. They
are taken m and condemned, and then carried to
the West Indies, and sold as apprentices for a term
of seven years. These poor creatures are taken to
a country whose laws they do not understand and
whose anguage they do not speak, and for a long
time will be incapable of learning. Who is to see
during their apprenticeship that they are treated
well, and care taken of them in sickness? The mas-
ter has no interest in them but for seven years, and
his object will be to get as much out of them as pos-
sible in the mean time, and to incur as little expense
as possible m taking care of them. And, when the an-
prenticeship expires, who is to identify them and
see that they are discharged? I may be told that a
registry is provided for. But what registry can
protect them? Let me illustrate: There is a planta-
tion with one hundred of these wild Africans upon
it. Who can distinguish one from another? They
will be so much alike it will be impossible. A stranger
had J us t as well undertake, after a lapse of seven years,
to distinguish the different sheep in a large flock.
fair, tins is not speculation. The impossibility of
the thing has been tested in our own courts. The
following are the facts in the case of the Antelope:
a privateer, called the Columbia, off the coast of Af-
rica, captured an American vessel, from Bristol, in
Khode Island, from which she took twenty-five Af-
ricans; she captured several Portuguese vessels,
from which she also took Africans; and she captur-
ed a Spanish vessel, called the Antelope, in which
she also took a considerable number of Africans.
All of the Africans captured were shipped on board
the Antelope. Thus freighted, she was found hov-
ering near the coast of the United States, was cap-
tured by the revenue cutter Dallas, and taken inl 
bavannah for adjudication. The Africans, at the
time of her capture, amounted to upwards o Jtwo
hundred and eighty. Claims were set up to the
Africans by the Spanish and Portuguese vice con-
suls respectively, and by the United States The j
