T V.?
128
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bee. 1844.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Chaplains to Congress—Mr. Pettit,
H. of B^ps.
claim of the United States, under the law for the
abolition of the slave trade, was sustained as to the
portion taken from the American vessel. The, resi-
due were divided between the Spanish and Portu-
guese claimants. About one-third of the negroes
had died. It was impossible to distinguish the sev-
eral classes of Africans; and the court decided that
the loss should be averaged among the three differ-
ent classes, and that sixteen should be designated by-
lot from the whole number, and delivered over to
the marshal of the United States, as a fair propor-
tion of the twenty-five proved to have been taken
from the American vessel.
Now, sir, what will be the operation in practice?
Whenever one of these apprentices shall become
disabled or die, they will be sure to make it out that
he was one whose apprenticeship was expiring,
whereas the apprenticeship of such as shall contin-
ue valuable will never expire. The consequcnce
will be, the master will always hold the profitable
and get rid of such as may be otherwise. And I
repeat, it will be the most profitable slavery which
ha3 ever been introduced; and this is British philan-
thropy!
The motive of England in agitating the subject of
slavery is thus shown, ller object is to dissolve
the Union; to cripple our prosperity and destroy her
most formidable rival in manufactures and com-
merce. And the blow is aimed as much at the North
as the South. The assault, it is true, is made more
diiectly upon the South, but it will reach the North
through us. And yet northern men seem to think
it is unreasonable in us to insist that the power of
this government shall be invoked to ward it off.
The institution of slavery is recognised and guar-
antied by the constitution; and when it is assailed
from abroad, we have as much right to claim that it
shall be defended by tins government as any other
portion of the country has to claim that their insti-
tutions shall be defended from like assaults. And
the South asks for no such exhibition of patriotism
on the part of the Nortk as she has continually
made. The South did not hesitate to rush as one
man into the late war, to defend the shipping inte-
rest of New England from British aggression. And
no narrow-minded sectional views were appealed to
by her then. After this may we not ask—what?
The North to go to war to defend one of our insti-
tutions? No; but to take a step which will vastly
benefit them, while it only gives security to us. Do
we ask the North to lend their aid in extending sla-
very? No; * for the annexation of Texas will not
add a slave to the number now existing, and all we
hope from it is, that it will secure us against the
machinations of invidious and unfriendly rivals.
And in insisting upon this, can it be said that wc
are operated upon by sectional influences? Sir, 1
appeal to the candor as well as the patriotism of the
North, and if will remain to be seen whether I shall
appeal in vain. It will remain to be seen whether
the hostility to us of those by whom we have un-
flinchingly stood in time of need and peril, is so
great as to cause them to forego a signal ad vantage to
themselves, and play into the hands of our most
insidious foe, rather than give us security against
him?
APPENDIX.—A.
"Govf.rnmt.nt ok slavks iff Malakar —We know that
there is not a servant ol government, in the south of India,
who is not mtim-itely acquainted with the alarming fact,
that hundred of hundreds of hit, fellow-creatures are fet-
tered down for life to the degraded destiny ol slavery. Wo
know that these unfortunate being* are not, as m other
oouiitries, serfs of the soil, and incapable of being transfer-
red, at the pleasure oi their owners iiom one estate to anoth-
er. ' No, they die duilv -old Idee cattle by one moprietorto
another, the husband is separated from the wife, the parent
from the child; they aie loaded with every indignity, the
utmost quantity ol labor is exacted from them, ana the most
meagre i<tie that human nature can possibly subsist on is
doled out to support them The slave insulation is corn-
nosed ol a gieat variety of classes—the descendants of
those who hive been taken prisoners in time of war; per-
sons who have been kidnapped from the neighboring States;
people who havp been born under &uch circumstances'as
that they are considered without the pale of the oi dinar y
caste- and others have been smuggled in from the coast of
Africa torn from their country and their kindred, and des-
tined to a more wretched lot, and as will be seen, to a
more enduring c^ptivitv, than their brethion of the western
world. Will it be beaded that government itself partici-
pates in this descnption of property, that it actually holds
possessor of slaves, and lets them out lor hire to the culti-
vators Of the country, the tent ot a whole family being two
farms or kill's rupee (about $3 50, the lure of a slave and
his whole family) per annum'?
"But why dwell on these comparatively free slaves^ The
whole of Hindoston, with the Jadjaeent possessions, is one
magnificent plantation, people by wiore than one hundred
millions of slaves, belonging to a company of gentlemen m
ftnglaBd, called the East India Company, whose power js
far more unlimited and despotic than that ofany southern
planter over his slaves—-a power upheld by the sword and
bayonet, exacting more and leaving lebs of the product of
their labor to the subject race than i? left under our own
system, with much less regard to their comfort in sickness
and age."—Asiatic Jo-urnalfor 1838,^. 221.
E.
For the following facts, I am indebted to an article in the
Southern Literary Messenger, written by Lieut. Maury, of
the United States navy:
"We have the autluuity of M. Barreyer, of the French
Chamber, who stated it in a recent speech, that, in June of
last year, the British government issued an 'Order in Coun-
cir to authorize the importation into Demarara of one hun-
dred thousand hired negroes from Africa And, in confirma-
tion of this statement, late arrivals biing us, in the *Sem-
aplioie de Marseilles,' the report of the master of a French
merchantman, who, not four months ago. saw in the river
Gambia an Knglish vessel ol' ;>00 tons take in a cargo of
of 500 Africans for the Knglish colonies. These poor igno-
rant creatures engage for they know not what, and ship
for they know not where. Charmed with a hawk's bell, ai.d
dazzled with a string of glass heads, they are enticed away
beyond the seas, and the ties which bind them to kindred
and to country are as effectually served, though perhaps not
as rudely broken, as if they had fallen into the hands of the
kidnapper. Uemg ignorant of their rights in a civilivod
land, they are liable to the most cruel wrongs; as slaves,
their owner would have the inducement of aelf-mtcic^t to
preserve them, his property, from wanton injury,na) mote,
with the master, who, in his conduct to his slaves, is gov-
erned by no higher motive,-there aie inducements ol a pecu-
niary nature to secure that consideration in the tieatmentof
slaves which will preserve their health so as not to impair
their efficiency as laborers. But as bondmen and apprentices,
the object of such a one, and there am many such, obedi-
ent to the mercenary disposition ol man. is to get out of
them all he can. What then js the condition ol the hired
savage during his long and cruel apprenticeship, many
times worse than that of the slave' And when he has
cancelled his indentures, wherein is he better olP lie
he has then but just made the hist'payniunt for the privilege
ol'being brought over for hire in a ship ciowded to suf-
focation. Oui laws will not allow a ship to bring into the
country more passengers than two lor every five tons; and
the laws of England forbid \ essels to crowd her own sub'
jvcls on thetr passage hither more closely than in the pio-
poition ot three souls to every live tons measurement, but
the humane 'oideis m compil' caa find in a vessel ol live
hundred tons, with more than half ht r room monopolized
by her ofliceis and crew, ample accommodation lor five
hundred wild Africans who have nev«r known restraint
Tell us not that it is 'mini's inhumanity to man' that mov cs
that government to action
"To show that the motives which operate with the ofii-
ceis are no bettei than those ascribed to then government,
we subjoin an e\trjct from a paper published in the last
Maryland Colonization Journal It is from the. pen of Dr.
Hall, an eminent philanthropist, who has been much on the
Atriean coast, in connection with the business of the colo-
nization societies ol this country He tells what he saw*
" 'The late commandant of the station, Lord (ieorge Rus-
sell, was most of the time in a state of intoxication, conse-
quently unfit lor the transaction of any business, and, with
such a head, it cannot be supposed that the under •Ittcert:
would depoit themselves over conectly. The pn/e money
received by the ollic< rs and crew, in case o( n successful
capture, operated as a stionq inducement to seive whatever
came in their way. The apparent object of all the, officers
of the squadron under Loid Jiussell was the making suc-
cessful and rich captures rather than suppression of the
slave trade An instance in prnol cynic nndci our own ob-
servation The commander of a cruiser (either the Forester
or the Wandurei) boarded a small schooner which lay at
anchor near our ves°el, and afterwards boarded us lie
stated that the rchooner had enough on boaidto condemn
her, but she was old, and would not ] aj kirn for taking her
to Sierra Leone; he would wait and watch hei until she
had taken her slaves, which would much increase their
pri/.e money, and then capture her She lnj nfl' for a day
or two lor that purpose, but in the night the schooner took
©n board her slaves and went to^sca.' "
c.
318,
and sub-
In the second volume history ol Texas, page?
"At length the iollowiru^ treaty was drawn up
scribed on either *-ido,''dated May 15, 183'J.
"Articles of agreement and solemn compact made and
adopted by iJavnt G. burnet. President ol the republic ol
Texas, and the undersigned, members ol the cabinet thereof,
on the one purl, and Don Antonio Lope de Santa,-Anna,
President ot the republic ol Mexico, and Don V'incente 1'iii-
sola, general of div i<-ions. Jon jom> Urea, Don Joaquin La-
mire« v Sesma, and Don Antonio ("Jaona, generals of brig-
ades ot the armies of .Vcxico.
"4th. That the President, Santa Anna, in his official capa-
cit) as chief of the Mexican nation, md the generals Don
Vincentc Filisola, Don Jose Uiea, Don Joaquin Kamires v
Sesma, dnd Don Antonio (jaona, as chiefs of armies, do sol-
emnly acknowledge, sanction, and ratif), the full, entire,
and perfect independence ol the republic of Texas, with
such boundaries as ate hereafter set forth and agreed upon
lor the same.'1
Article five fixes the boundaries—the Dei Norte from its
mouth to its source, and thence to north latitude 12 deg.
Various other articles and agreements stipulate for there-
turn of Santa Anna to Mexico, release of officers and pris-
oners, and Filisola'ss army—4,000 men—permitted to return
home.
Now, let it be bornd in mind that Santa Anna was not then
merely the President, but the dictator of Mexico, embody-
ing at that time, by the Mexican cdicts, the sovereignty
of Mexico m his person. It is said he was a prisoner; but
the generals who subscribed the act were not prisoners.
The act was valid: 1st. Because, if done when a prisoner,
jt was done freely and for the benefit of Mexico, and ac-
knowledged by him when not a prisoner. 2d. It received
the implied sanction, iu advance of the goveromeai ad^in-
tenm of Mexico 3d. Mexico received and availed herself
of the full bowefit of the treaty, ou her part, which under
the law of nations, is a ratification of the treaty. '
1st. In his letter of the 4th July, 1S36, Santa Anna says:
"When I offered to treat with this governmert, I was
convinced that it was useless for Mexico to continue the
war. 1 have acquired exact information respecting the
country, which I did not possess four months ago. I have
too much zeal for the interests of my country to wish for
any thing which is not compatible with them. Being al-
ways ready to sacrifice myself for its glory and advantage,
1 never would have hesitated to subject myself to torments
or death, rather than consent to any compromise, if Mexico
could thereby obtain the slightest benefit, I am firmly
convinced that it is proper to terminate this question by'po-
litical negotiation/'
Now, if this is false, and Santa Anna entered into this treaty
by fear and duress, sacrificing the interests of his country
to save his Hie, then he must add falsehood, cowardice, and
treason, to his other enormities. But that he did it willing-
ly, and for the benefit of Mexico, is further proved by his
statement (see Globe lath April, 1844) in December. 1836, at
Washington, to Gener al Jackson, when his freedom was
complete, that "Texas was but a broken wing to Mexico —
that it w ouKl lie a mere incumbrance and hindrance till lop-
ped ott." This is also further sustained by the despatch of
our minister to Mexico, Mr. Thompson, dated February 4,
IS l-l. in which he states Santa Anna's desire that the so call-
ed war with Texas should be arrested by the auth mtative in-
ti-tjiosiiion of the Umtcd Statis, and that he is fully aware that
Mtjuofini 71« m (oiiquer Texas.
Finally, General Vicente Filisola, who never was a prison*
or, on his return to Mexico, in his despatch to the govern-
ment, da'ed Motas.de Donna Clara, June 10, 1830,says:
"His excellency, (Santa Anna,) in my humble opinion, in
the treaties that lie agreed upon, and that I had the honor
to send ) our excellency, acted with entire hbpktv, and
had nothing moie in view than the interest of his country.1'
When w c consider that, next to Santa Anna, Filisola w a*
the most distinguished ol all the Mexican generals, and that
he still maintains his high command, and the full confidence
of his country—this gives at least an implied sanction to
these treaties, which he had subscribed and transmitted to
the government But the truth is, these treaties were made
in accordance with an authoritity previously granted by the
government of Mexico
On the 15th May, 1836, the government of Mexico issued
to Geneial Filisola the following despatch:
" Sect clai t/s Ojfu'f of J Fur and Marine, Central Section First
Bureau.
"I'Acn.uvr sm: With the most profound sorrow, his
excellency, the Presidentj o teni has learned by the official
letter of ) our excellency, of 25th last month, the defeat suf-
fered on the 21st ot the same month by the division com-
manded in person by the President General-in-chief of the
army, and the very lamentable misfortune that his excel-
lency should be made prisoner with other chiefs and
officers.
"His excellency, the President pro fem , is, in some meas-
ure, consoled, that a general so experienced as your excel-
lency should be the one who obtains the command, the
which he expressly confirms
"The first desire that hi* excellency has, is, that you ad*
dress the enemy's general, exacting from liim, by decorous
means, the liberty of the President General-in-chief, o~ at
least, during the time this point can be regulated, the con-
siderations due to his high dignity, and to a person so dis-
tinguished in the annals of American history* and lor whose
preservation the entire nation is interested by gratitude,
and because he is the chief of it
"Ilia excellency, the President pro tern., counts upon your
excellency's directing all his efforts to save the remainder
of the army, by concentrating it, so as to render, it more re-
spectable, placing it in a convenient place for receiving pro-
visions, for which the mo.ct efficacious measures are adopt*
ed The preservation of Bexari« of absolute necessity, in
order that the government, according fco circumstances,
may act as they 'see it,
"The fate of all the prisoners is very interesting to the
nation; and it is recommended to your excellency to en-
deavor to alleviate it. gum? authority from this moment to
propose exchanges, and to preserve for this purpose, and
because humanity exact*; it, the life of the prisoners made,
and that may be made, from the enemy. \ our excellency
knows the circumstances whir h may result from an impru-
dence committed in this affair; but the government fears
nothing as regards this, because it knows how great is the
skill and zeal of your excellency for the best service of the
country."'
The importance of procuring "the liberty of the President
General-in-chief," "to save remainder of the army,'' and
to alienate the "fate of all the prisoners." were the avowed
purpose* oi Hi'1 ifovernm* nt; to efieet which unlimited dis-
cretion was given to General Filisola, as commander-in-
chicf, and the e very objects were secured by the treaty.
REMARKS OF MR. PETTIT,
„ OF INDIANA,
hi the Tfoxise of Representatives, December 2, 3844—
On the proposition to elect chaplains to Congress.
Mr. Holmes moved the following: resolution:
Re&olrfid, (if the Senate concur,) That two chaplains, ot
different denominations, be elected by Congress—one by
each House—to serve during the session, who shall inter-
change weekly.
Mr. PETTIT said he felt constrained to offer the
following proviso, by way of amendment:
Provided, That such chaplains shall look to the members
of the two Houses of Congress for their compensation; and
that the United States shall not be liable for their salaries, or
any part thereof.
Mr. P, said that he should not detain the House
