130
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan.;1,848.
28th Coug 2d Sess.
Mr. Saunders's Report on Naturalization.
H. of Reps.
to emigrate from one State to another." North
Carolina, in her constitution, has provided, "That
every foreigner who comes to settle in this State,
having first-taken an oath of allegiance to the same,
may-purchase, or by other just means acquire, hold
and transfer lands or other real estate, and, after one
year's residence, shall be deemed a free citizen.%
Kentucky and Pennsylvania have declared "that em-
igration from the State shall not be prohibited."
These provisions secure to the foreigner the right
of citizenship, on condition of residence, as well
as guaranties the privilege of free emigration. And
whilst the different State constitutions make age,
residence, and property, tests of elegibility to office,
that of birth is nowhere held as a sine qua non to
citizenship. The action of the federal government
has been equally liberal and decisive in favor of the
rights of the alien. The declaration of independence
enumerates, as one cause of complaint against the
mother country, that she "obstructed 1 the laws of
the naturalization of foreigners." So in-the grant
of power to Congress "to establish a uniform rule of
naturalization," neither in the formation nor adop-
tion of the constitution was there the slightest ob-
jection. The legislation of Congress exhibits the
same liberal and favorable spirit in behalf of the
alien. In answer to a call made by the Senate dur-
ing the late war, as to the conduct of Great Britain
and other nations of Europe, as to the naturaliza-
tion and employment each of the subjects of the other,
the Secretary of State responds^ "That they all
employ in their service the subjects of each other,
ana frequently against their native country, even
when not regularly naturalized." "That they allow
their own subjects to emigrate to foreign countries."
"That although examples may be found of the pun-
ishment of their native subjects taken in arms
against them, the examples are few, and have either
been marked by peculiar circumstances, taking
them out of the uncontroverted principle, or have
proceeded from the passions or policy of the occa-
sion." But why multiply references and examples
m support of the principle and right of emigration
and expatriation, in contradiction to the doctrine of
native allegiance, and the disavowal of naturalization
—a doctrine which belongs to those dark and gloo-
my periods when conquest fettered the persons, and
superstition weighed down the minds, of men. It
belongs not to this enlightened age, and ill becomes
those who are so fortunate as to live in the nine-
teenth century to take as their model such a rule of
action in matters of international law, or to draw
their principles of tree government from so dark and
polluted a source. If we must consult the pages of
antiquity, and imitate the example of ages gone by,
much better would it become us to follow in the
light of those free republics where birth alone nei-
ther determined the qualification for political station
nor conferred the privilege of citizenship. The policy
of both Greece and Rome was alike wise and libe-
ral on the subject of naturalization and allegiance—
making no invidious distinction between the citizen
by bjrth and the citizen by adoption. Without in-
tending to consult the constitutions of modern Eu-
rope, it is deemed not amiss to have reference to that
of France of 1791, so celebrated for its adoption of
free principles, and so generally the subject of ad-
miration.
It provides that "those who—being born out of the
kingdom, of foreign parents—reside in Prance, be-
come French citizens after five years' continued res-
idence in the kingdom." It authorizes the naturali-
zation of the foreigner on the single condition of
residence, and for a period of five years. It is not ne-
cessary, however, to fortify the practice of naturali-
zation by a resort to foreign nations, as the past his-
tory of our own country forbids the adoption of any
measure whose tendency shall be to deny, or even
to curtail the right by odious restrictions. "The
constitution," says Mr. Jefferson, "has wisely pro-
vided that, for admission to certian offices of impor-
tant trust, a residence shall be required sufficient to
develop character and design." These provisions
exclude any person from being a senator who shall
not have been "nine years a citizen of the United
States," and "seven years" in order to qualify him
for a seat in the House of Representatives. The
insertion of these constitutional provisions contem-
plates the admission of foreigners to the rights of cit-
izenship, and that upon reasonable conditions. And
whilst the constitution has conferred on Congress the
power of prescribing the conditions, it would be a
mockery to talk of making a man eligible to office,
thirty years after the avowal of his intention to be-
come a citizen, The petitioners seem to suppose
the increase of population was the sole object with
those who devised our naturalization enactments.
But this is certainly an error. This no doubt was
one object, but not the only one. It was to assert
the great principle of expatriation, and the right of
every man to leave the country of his birth for the
one of his choice. The legislation of Congress ex-
cludes the idea of the increase of population being
the only object of the naturalization laws; for whilst
the act of 1798 extended the period of residence
from five to fourteen years, and imposed other re-
strictions odious to the foreigner, that of 1802
repealed these provisions, and restored the former
limitations. So, at a much later period, the act of
1828 relaxed the previous restrictions, and increased
those facilities to the attainment of those "inesti-
mable rights of native Americans," of which the
petitioners complain. Thus, whilst the population
of the country has greatly increased, the restrictions
on the admission of aliens have been removed. But
supposing the petitioners to be right, and that the
naturalizations laws were expedient when enacted: is
it true as they assert, "that the wisdom and policy
of those acts have ceased?" It may be that our
large cities on the seacoast have a redundant popu-
lation; but not so with the rich and immense
plains and valleys of the West. There the indus-
trious and enterprising are still invited to the ac-
quisition of wealth, and to the free enjoyment of
civil and religious freedom. Not merely the new,
but many of the old States would gladly add to their
strength and wealth, by an increase of their num-
bers. If the period ef probation be extended from
two to twenty-one years, after a declaration of
intention to become a citizen, it necessarily closes
the door on all who emigrate with a view to the
improvement of their political condition. The fugi-
tive, the criminal, and the pauper, might continue
to flock to our shores; but such as seek the advanta-
fes of political preferment could have no such in-
uccment.
"Hard terms of admission to the rights of citi-
zenship (as was sensibly remarked by one who
participated m the debate on the passage of the first
act on the subject) may exclude good men, but will
not keep out the vicious: they will come in various
forms, and care little about citizenship." It is be-
lieved a reasonable period, to enable the alien to de-
cide, in the first place, as to his wish to become a
citizen, and a short time after his declaration of in-
tention, is less likely to fill the country with an idle
and corrupt foreign population, than such a period
as shall exclude all rational hope of ever enjoying
the civil and political rights and privileges of free-
men. The period of twenty-one years would, in
all human probability, exclude the foreigner from
the honors of the national legislature, even if he
should be so fortunate as to live to enjoy the privi-
leges of an elector. Is there anything in the past
or present condition of the country which calls for
such an exclusion? "Shall oppressed humanity (in
the eloquent language of President Jefferson) find
no asylum on this globe?" It is believed not a sin-
gle Congress has existed since the foundation of our
government in which the naturalized citizen has not
been found among its most useful and faithful mem-
bers. And it is an extraordinary fact in the past
administration of the executive branch of the gov-
ernment, that the first and highest financial officer
under President Washington was by birth a foreign-
er. So the same office, after the great civil revolu-
tion of 1&00, was again filled by a foreigner. And
what is still more remarkable, at a highly embar-
rassing state of its financial affairs, and when the
country was engaged in actual war, the virtuous
Madison called to the same important trust, for the
third time, another distinguished citizen, by birth a
foreigner—the father of him who has so recently
been called by the voice of the people to the second
office under the government. The able manner in
which these illustrious men discharged the high trust
"reposed in them, fully justifies the beautiful eulogy
called forth by the services of one of them, when
serving as a representative from the State to which
the petitioners claim to belong.
"Virtue and genius (say the letters by Curtius)
are not peculiar to America. They have flourished
in every country and in every age. The merits of
men are not to be ascertained by geographical
boundaries. The mind has no country but the uni-
verse. Patriotism is not a narrow and illiberal pre-
judice, in favor of the soil upon which we happen
to be born. It is a rational and noble attachment
to the country which gives us protection and secures
us our happiness. It is not incompatible with uni-
versal philanthropy; on the contrary, it is a modifi-
cation of benevolence, softened by society and
strengthened by gratitude."
If there be nothing in the past, is there anything
in the present, condition of the country which calls
for the measure proposed' If frauds (as is charged)
have been practised, either in the admission of aliens
to the rights of citizenship, or in the improper use
of certificates of naturalization, let them be guarded
against by proper amendments, and not by a total
change of the law. Is it true that these frauds have
alone been practised by the naturalized citizens in
the abuse of the elective franchise; or is it. not
equally true, and perhaps to as great an extent, that
native Americans, and others, have practised simi-
lar frauds in the exercise of a privilege not allowed
bylaw? However the fact may be, the committee
have deemed it advisable to collect into one genferal
law the various provisions necessary to naturaliza-
tion, with such amendments as have been suggested
as most likely to preserve the privilege, and to guard
against its abuse. With this view, the bill has ta-
ken the same State and United States courts
as were authorized to receive declarations and
grant naturalization by the acts of 1795 and
1803; taking away the power from the clerks
thereof, if they ever possessed it. It adopts the
period of five years as the term of residence, and
that of two years for making the declaration of in-
tention before applying for admission. It re-enacts
the provisions of the act of 1816, in regard to the
proof to be offered by the applicant, with some
modification. It requires the applicant to exhibit
the certificate of the clerk of the court before whom
the declaration was made, in which is to be recited
the statement of facts as to the age, birth, and former
residence of the alien; and to prove, by one or more
witnesses, citizens of the United States, his identity,
and five years' residence. The bill further provides
for the widows and children, where the parent dies
after making a declaration, and before completing
his naturalization, according to the act of 1804. Al-
so for minors residing within the United States
two years before attaining the age of twenty-one, as
was provided in the act of 1824. It further pro-
vides for the children of naturalized parents, and for
those of citizens born abroad. It repeals the fifth
section of the act of 1823, forbidding the tem-
porary absence of the party for any purpose.
It takes from the clerks all authority to receive
declarations, but renders valid such as have hereto-
fore been bona fide made, so as to enable the party to
complete his naturalization. It authorizes the dis-
trict attorneys of the United States to file informa-
tion, with the view of vacating any naturalization
which may hereafter be obtained by fraud or false-
hood, imposition or misrepresentation. It renders
it a misdemeanor to obtain naturalization by false
and fraudulent means, or to use any certificate of
naturalization for any unlawful purpose; and, on
conviction, subjects the party to fine and imprison-
ment. It gives a fee of one dollar to the clerk for
each certificate of a declaration of intention, and two
dollars for naturalization, in full of all other charges.
Such are the general provisions of the bill, which,
as the committee believe, if adopted by Congress,
will carry out the injunctions of the constitution,
preserve the rights of the aliens, and guard against
all just grounds of abuse and complaint.
A BILL io establish a uniform rule of naturalization, and to
repeal all acts and parts of acts heretofore passed on that
subjcct.
Sec. 1. Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Jlmenca in Congress assem-
bled, That any alien, being a free white person, be admitted
to become a citizen of the United States, in the mode and on
the following conditions, and not otherwise: That he sh^ll
declare on oath or affirmation before the supreme, superior,
district, or circuit court of some one of the States or of the
territorial districts of the United States, or a circuit or dis-
trict court ofthc United States, in open court, two years at
least before his admission, that it was bona fide his intention
to become a citizen of the United States, and to renounce
forever all allegiance and fidelity to any foreign prince,
potentate, state, or sovereignty whatever, and particularly
byname the prince, potentate, state, or sovereignty, where-
ol such alien may at the time be a citizen or subject,
and the said declaration shall be accompanied by a written
statement, on oath or affirmation, signed by such ahen, stat-
ing the particular place and country of his birth, hisa^e,
the time when he first arrived in ihe United States, and the
State or States in which he has resided since his arrival
which declaration, together with the proceedings required
to be performed in court, shall be duly recorded by the
clerk thereof. . „ , . „ „
Sfrc. 2. Be it further enacted, That any alien, 3
free white person, who shall have resided in the Uni-
ted States two years after he shall have made a decla-
ration of intention to become a citi^n thereof, and who
shall have residedat least five years wjUun the limits and
jurisdiction of the United States, preceding the time he shall
