3m. IMS
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13i
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr■ Rathbun.
H. of Reps.
make Hpplieation to be admitted a citizen, may-tie admitted
a citizen of the United States: Provided, Such, alien shall,
at the time ot his application to be admitted a citizen, de-
clare on oath or affirmation, before some one ol the courts
aforesaid, that he will support the constitution of the United
States, and that lie doth absolutely and entirely renounce
and abjure all allegicnce and fidelity to every foreign prince,
potentate, state, or sovereignty whatever, and particularly
by name the prince, potentate, state, or sovereignty, where-
of he was a citizen or subject; and in case such applicant
shall have borne any hereditary title, or have been of any
of the orders of nobility in the kingdom or state from
which he came, he shall make renunciation of such his title
or order ot nobility; tAnd provided, Such alien shall, at the
time of such application, exhibit the certificate from the
proper clerk of the declaration of intention *and_statement
of facts made as hereinbefore directed, and shall declare on
oath or affirmation that he is the person mentioned and de-
scribed in the certificate as having made the declaration
and statement of facts there presented; and shall prove to
the satisfaction of the court before which such appli-
cation shall be made, by one or more witnesses, citi-
7ens of the United States, on oath or affirmation, that
he or they are well acquainted with such alien, and
believe him to be the person so mentioned and
described m such certificate, and that such alien has resid-
ed within the limits and under the jurisdiction of the United
States five years at least, and within the State or Territory
where such court is at the time held one year at least; and
shall further prove to the satisfaction of said court, that
such applicant, during the time aforesaid, has behaved as a
man ot good moral character, attached to the principles of
the constitution of the United States, and well disposed in
the good order and happiness of the same; and such certifi-
cate of the clerk of the declaration of intention, and state-
ment offacts, anusueh residence within the limits and un-
der the jurisdiction of the United States, and the place or
places where the applicant shall have resided at least live
years, together with the name or names of the witnesses
shall be stated and set forth in the record of the court where
such application shall be made; otherwise it shall not be
competent for such court to pronounce a judgment or grant
a certificate of naturalization; nor shall the same entitle the
applicant to be considered and deemed a citizen ofthe United
States.
Sec 3. Be it fiothei evaded, That any alien, being a free
white person, and §a minor, under the age of twenty-one
years, v, ho shall have resided within the limits and under
the jurisdiction of the United States two years next preced-
ing lus arrival at the age of twenty-one years, and who
shall have continued to reside therein to the time he may
make application to be admitted a citizen thereof, may, after
he arrives at the age of twenty-one years, and after he shall
have resided five years withm the limits and jurisdiction of
the United States, including the two years ol his minority,
be admitted a citizen of the United States without having
made the declaration required by the first section of this
act, two yeais pievious to his admission: Provided, Such
alien shall make the declaration required therein at the time
of his or her admission; and shall further declare on oath
or aihrmation, and prove to the satisfaction ofthe court, that
for three years next preceding it has been the bona fide in-
tention of such alien to become a citizen of the United
States, and shall m all other respects comply with the requi-
sites hereinbelore prescribed.
Sec 4. Be il further enacted, That when any alien, who
shall have complied with the conditions specified in the first
section of this act, may die before he is actually naturalized,
the widow and children of such alien, if then dwelling
Within the limits ami under the jurisdiction ofthe United
States, shall be considered as citizens of the United States;
and shall be entitled to all the privileges as such upon ma-
king the renunciation and taking the oath hereinbefore pre-
scribed; and the children of all such persons as may be nat-
uralized and become citizens of the United States, being
under the age of twenty-one years at the time of their pa-
rents being so naturalised and admitted to the rights of a
citizen, shall, if dw eliing within the limits and under the
jurisdiction of the United States, be considered as citizens
of the United States, aud children who may have been, or
who may be, born out of the limits and jurisdiction of
the United States, of any free white citizen thereof, tem
porarily abroad lor any purpose of business or travel,
without ronunciution ot" his citizenship of. or allegiance
to, the United States', shall he deemed to be native citizens
of the United States.
See. o. Beit jut ther enacted, That every court of record,
in any one of the States, having common law jurisdiction,
and a seal and a clerk, or prothonotary, shall be considered
as a district court within the meaning of this act; and any
declaration of intention to become a citizen of the United
States,-heretofore bora/fide made before the clerks of cither
of the courts authored to receive the same, shall be taken
and held as valid as if the same had been made before the
said courts respectively.
Sf.c fi. Be il farther enacted, That it shall be the duty of
the clerk, or other recording officer of the court, before
whom a declaiation has been or shall be made by any alien
of his intention to become a citizen of the United States, to
grant to the person making such declaration and statement
ot facts aforesaid, a certificate of the same, under his hand
and seal of omce, and for the recording and granting said
certificate he shall receive one dollar; and m all cases of
naturalization which shall be permitted under the authority
of this act there shall be a certificate of the same bv the
clerk or other recording officer of the court, under his hand
and seal of ofiice; and there shall be paid to such clerk or
recording oflicer the sum of two dollars as a fee in full of
all charge? for such certificate before the naturalization
prayed for shall be allowed
Sec. 7. „Jnibsil further enacted, That if any alien shall,
by fraud or ialsehood, or misrepresentation, or imposi ion
procure himself to be naturalized, or make application to
any court designated by this act for the purpose of beinz
naturalized, who is not lawfully entitled to be naturalized
under or m virtue of tlii  act or any other act which mav
be passed upon this subject of naturalization, he shall be
deemed guilty of a high misdemeanor, and shall, on convic-
tion thereof, be punished by fine not exceeding one thous-
and dollars, or by imprisonment not exceeding sixjmonths,
or by both, in the discretion of the court before which his
conviction takes place, according to the an^ =!s '
vation ofthe oftence; anil if such person shall already have
been naturalized, the naturalization, upon suck conviction,
shall be deemed null and void to all intents and purr05®8;
and any person who shall knowingly and designedly am
or as&ist, as a witness or otherwise, any such alien m pro-
curing himself to be naturalized by fraud or falsehood, or
misrepresentation 'or imposition, or in making application
to any court for the purpose of being naturali7ed, be and
they shall, on conviction thereof, be penished by fine not
exceeding five hundred dollars, or by imprisonment not ex-
ceeding three months, or both, according to the nature and
aggravation of the offence.
Src. 8. And be itfui ther enacted, That if the'district at-
torney ofthe United States, in any district, shall receive due
and satisfactory information that any alien, residing within
such district, shall hereafter be naturalized by any court
having jurisdiction to grant naturalization by fraud or false-
hood, or misrepresentation or imposition,'it snail be the duty
of such district attorney to file, on information^ stating the
facts in the district court of the United States within andfor
such district", against such alien; and thereupon process in
the nature of a scire facias shall issue from said court, call-
ing upon such alien to show cause.why his naturalization
shall not be revoked and declared utterly null and void; and
thereupon due proceedings shall be had in such court to
ascertain the truth of such information; and if it shall appear,
either by the confession or default of such alien, or upon a
trial by jury in such couit that such naturalization has
been procured by fraud or falsehood, or misrepresentation
or imposition, it shall be the duty of such court to enter up
judgment against such alien that his naturalization be va-
cated and declared null and void, and the same shall hence-
forth be deemed, to all intents and purposes, a nullity.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That, if any person or
persons shall knowingly and wilfully use, or suffer to be
used, any certificate of a declaration of intention to become
naturalized, or any certificate of naturalization, heretofore
granted under any act of Congress, for any purpose what-
ever other than the person who is entitled bona fide to the
same as the person described therein, or as lawfully enti-
tied to use the same as evidence, every such person or per-
sons so using, or suffering the same to be used, shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, on conviction
thereof, be punished by fine not exceeding five hundred dol-
lars, or by imprisonment not exceeding three months, or by
both, according to the nature and aggravation of the of-
fence.
Sec. 10. And he it further enacted, That all acts and parts
of acts heretofore passed respecting naturalization be, and
the same fwe hereby, repealed.
SPEECH OF MR. RATHBUN,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives, January 22, 1845.—
On the joint resolutions from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, for the annexation of Texas.
Mr. RATHBUN addressed the committee nearly
as follows:
Mr. Chairman: It is with no small diffidence that
I now attempt to offer such views as I entertain on
the question before the committee. It has been fre-
quently very justly remarked that it is a question of
vast importance and interest, and I may add that it
is of greater interest and deeper importance than
any question I have ever heard discussed in this
body. It is very true, that some important reasons
have been offered in favor of the proposed measure
of annexation. It is unquestionably true that the
intrinsic value of the lands, and the mildness and
salubrity ofthe climate of Texas, her varied fruits
and agricultural productions, her fertile soil and vast
rivers and streams, presenting the prospect of an in-
crease of our commerce, and to some extent an en-
largement of the markets for the products of our in-
dustry, present great and important considerations
in favor of that measure. Indeed, there are abun-
dant reasons why an American legislator should
vote in favor of the plan—were it not encumbered
with other considerations which constitute a formida-
ble obstacle. The question, especially in that por-
tion of the country from which 1 come, is embarrassed
by difficulties, and met by objections of very serious
weight. Other reasons in addition to those I have
mentioned have been adduced here in its favor; but,
though proceeding from high authority, they are not
entitled, in my humble judgment, to much considera-
tion. One of these has been called the military
argument; and while I would treat with due
respect the opinions of him who is said to have
been its author, I must nevertheless dissent entirely
from the conclusions to which it would lead. To
meet this argument, and to show, under the sanction
of like authority, opinions as deliberately formed,
and as emphatically uttered, I have before me a let-
ter written by General Jackson in 1820; written,
too, while the laurels of victory were yet fresh and
green upon his brow, while he was in the prim®
and vigor of his manhood, and while he was yet
-jvearing the epaulets of a major general in the
American service. It proceeds from one who is ad-
mitted to have possessed an intimate knowledge of
the subject. He says;
"With the Flondas in our possession, our fortifications
completed, Orleans, the great emporium of the West, is se-
cure The Floridas in possession of a foreign power, you
can be invaded, your fortifications turned the Mississippi
reached, and the lower country reduced. Kiom Texas an
invading enemy will never attempt such an euteiprisc If
he does notwithstanding all that has been said and asserted
on the lioor of Congress on this subject, I w ill vouch that
the invader will pay for his temerity."
This is the opinion of General Andrew Jackson,
voluntarily delivered to the President of the united
States in 1820, at a time when his opinion on that
subject, and all others relating to our military de-
fences, was equal in influence and authority to that
of any other man. In it General Jackson declared
that whatever might, from time to time, be said on
the floor of Congress of the indispensable necessity
for the possession ofTexas for our military defence,
was without foundation- It is no less true now
than at that time, in my opinion- He directly con-
tradicts a position much relied on here—one which
has been denied by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Brinkerhoff,] and for which that gentleman was
severely reprimanded in this committee by several
members. I am, therefore, not alone in the opinion
I entertain respecting the weight of this military ar-
gument. It amounts to nothing, in my judgment;
and therefore I give it, in the decision of this ques-
tion, no weight. But if gentlemen are SO apprehen-
sive of the immediate danger of an attack from Great
Britain, that they must instantly annex Texas as a
barrier against it, I would invite them, instead of
looking to the wilds of Texas for the route of an in-
vading army, to come to the North during summer,
when the frosts and snows to which they are unac-
customed shall have disappeared; and look at our
northern and eastern frontier, extending near 2,000
miles, and consisting as it does, for much of that
distance, in nothing but an imaginary line between
our territories and those of Great Britain. Let them
examine the gulf and river St. Lawrence. At Que-
bec is one of the strongest fortifications in the world;
it is the Gibraltar of America. Pass en to Montreal
and thence to Kingston; at those places there is an
amount of military strength, stores, and munitions
of war for an army and navy, equal, if not superior,
to anything in this whole Union. Sir, this is not all.
Great Britain, by her stupendous system of internal
improvements, has connected the Gulf of St. Law-
rence with Lake Ontario and the upper lakes, so
that in two days she can bring her naval forces from
the gulf to Kingston—passing through a canal with
locks 200 feet long, and 60 feet wide, and at every lock
a fortification for its defence. Here they will find
the lion in his lair. Kingston is within from four
to six hours of Sackett's harbor, Oswego, and little
more to Rochester. The American shore is com-
paratively defenceless. Her fleet would immediate-
ly command the lake and sweep from it our com-
merce. Having performed its object on Ontario, it
can pass through the Welland canal into Lake Erie.
The western part of New York, Ohio, Michigan,
Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin, are all exposed to
the armies and navies of Great Britain. The aom-
merce on all the western lakes would be destroyed;
and from the lakes to Philadelphia, the country is
without a fortification.
Here is an open and unprotected path, easy of ac-
cess from the North and East, into the very heart
of our country. In case of war with Great Brit-
ain, here the battle is to be fought; and yet gentle-
men are looking to Texas, and demanding it as an
impregnable barrier against British invasion. Is it
not idle? Sir, another gentleman addressed himself
to the interests of the West, and told them that
Texas, if united with this country, would open a
vast market for their productions. If what we have
heard in this debate ot the extent of her public do-
main, and the depth and fertility of her virgin soil,
be true, then is it not as probable that Texas may
supply the West, as that the West will supply Tex-
as? Let such soil be covered with an industrious
agricultural population, and how long will it be be-
fore Texas will not only supply the wants of her
own citizens, but will become an exporting State,
and send abroad those very productions with which
gentlemen talk of her being furnished by our west-
ern farmers? Her market, than, for our agricultural
products, presents no argument in favor of the meas-
ure proposed. But there is another question which
lies at the bottom of this subject, and which ad-
dresses itself directly to our constitutional power to
effect annexation. That the government of the Uni-
tedStatesmay constitutionally annex foreign territo-
ry, and that Congress may admit it as States into the
union, is a point! do not feel myself prepared to deny.
