132
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Ratkbun.
H. of Reps.
though I cannot forget that Mr. Jefferson, in the «fese
of Louisiana, entertained a very firm conviction that
such an act would be incompatible with the pro-
visions of that instrument. I have his written opin-
ions before me, and, did time admit, would read
them to the committee. His very emphatic advice
to the friends of the annexation of Louisiana was,
that they should "vote, not talk." And this dis-
tinguished statesman was so thoroughly persuaded
that what had been done was without constitutional
authority, that he recommended that proper steps
should be taken to amend the constitution on this
very point. But the act was acquiesced in by the
people, and has been sanctioned by time and repeti-
tion. Since Louisiana came in, the States of Loui-
siana, Missouri, and Arkansas, have been admitted
into the Union. We have since, by treaty with
Spain, acquired Florida. Thus, by repetition, and
by lapse of time and general aequiescence, the con-
stitutional difficulty seems to have been disposed of.
It was by following the precedents set to them in
the cases of Louisiana and Florida, that the exist-
ing administration entered into a treaty for the ad-
mission of Texas—a treaty which was perfect and
complete, save that it had not received the ratifica-
tion of the Senate. That ratification was refused;
and from that decision—a refusal voted as the delib-
erate judgment of the body to whom the constitu-
tion intrusted the power on such questions—this
House is now sitting as a court of appeal, and is
about to review ana to reverse the decisions of the
Senate. The question has not been evaded in this
case, the resolution presented to us being, letter for
letter, and word for word, the very treaty which
was submitted to the Senate. It is an attempt, so
far as it goes, to usurp an authority not given to us
in the constitution; and to exercise by this House a
power specifically granted to another department of
the government. Sir, it is a humble imitation of
the usurpations of the long Parliament in Great
Britain, and a yet more humble imitation of the
Chamber of Deputies in France. They usurped
the power belonging to all the other depart-
ments of the government, and established the
most intolerable despotism that ever existed, and
then, in their turn, were overthrown by the armed
hand of military despots, whose power, usurped
and lawless as it was, was a relief and a refuge to
those countries.
I am in favor of exercising all the legitimate pow-
ers which belong to this House, when they can be
wisely exerted; but 1 will not consent to assume an
authority which has been withheld from us. Nor
is this negation accidental. Under the old con-
federation, Congress was authorized to make trea-
ties. In the convention subsequently called to pre-
pare a new constitution, many of the members were
in favor of retaining that power in Congress. Others
proposed that it should be confided to the Senate.
A few were for conferring it on the President alone;
while others, and a much larger number, finally
conferred the power on the President and Senate.
Before I proceed further, I propose to examine
the 'question, what is the true meaning of the
word treaty, as used in the constitution? The
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett]
said that a treaty is something to be treated
about, or something which treats; and be claimed
very confidently that a compact with a foreign gov-
ernment, or an alliance, was not a treaty, or a sub-
ject within the jurisdiction of the treaty-making
power. I infer that he meant to be understood that
the making of compacts or alliances with foreign
powers was a power which belonged to Congress.
But I would inquire of him, May not an alliance
between governments be a subject for the govern-
ment to treat about? If it is, then it belongs to the
treaty-making power. We may make an alliance,
offensive and defensive, with a foreign government;
and it is now proposed that we should do so with
Texas. Is not this a subject about which we may
treat? If it is, then, according to the definition of the
gentleman from South Carolina, it is a treaty. But
I will not confine myself to the definition given by
that gentleman. I prefer one given to us by John
Jay and Alexander Hamilton, two distinguished ad-
vocates of the constitution during its formation.
What do they say of a treaty? I read from the Fed-
eralist. They both give this definition: "A treaty
is but another name for a contract." Here is the
true and genuine definition of the term; and this
measure of annexation, call it what you please, is a
treaty, because it is undeniably a contract; arid, being
a treaty, it falls exclusively within the jurisdiction
pf the treaty-making power, and is a matter with
which we have no right to interfere. This House
of Representatives, as a committe of the whole, are
now engaged in considering a treaty which has been
submitted to the Senate and rejected. This none
can deny. It is Mr. Tyler's treaty, which, though
killed in the Senate, has been exhumed and brought
here. It is in the same form, and in the very same
words; it has the same members and proportions
which it had when it went down to the grave in the
Senate. And it is now proposed that we shall give
it life and vitality by legislative action. It requires
the ratification of the authorities of Texas before it
can be of any binding force en us; it is, therefore,
still a treaty, as it was originally. Now the power
of making treaties is, in the constitution, conferred in
general and unqualified terms upon the President
and the Senate. The grant there made covers the
whole power, and is accompanied with no reserva-
tion in behalf of any other department. I maintain,
therefore, that in relation to alliances and confedera-
tions, this House has no power to act.
If I were wanting in authorities on this subject,
I have one before me; and I unfeignedly rejoice to
find that it comes from South Carolina; and that it
is from « source entitled to no email consideration,
especially from the gentleman to whose argument
I am replying. It is the authority of John C. Cal-
houn, who, m 1816, treated at large on the rights
and powers of the treaty-making power. His ar-
gument sustains my position in the broadest terms,
and it never has been, and it never can be, answered.
Hear him:
"Whenever/then, an ordinary subject of legislation can
only be regulated by contract, it passes from the sphere of
the ordinary power of making laws, and attaches itself to
that of making^treaties, wherever it is lodged."
And again he says:
"Whatever, then, concerns our foreign relations,whatever
requires the consent ot another nation, belongs to the treaty
power; can only be regulated by it; and it is competent to
regulate all such subjects; provided—and here are its true-
limits—such regulations are not inconsistent with the
constitution."
Again he says:
"It has for its object contracts with foreign nations, as
the powers of Congress have for their object whatever can
be done in relation to the powers delegated to it without
the consent of foreign nations. Kach in its sphere operates
with genial influence; but when they become erratic, then
they are portentous and dangerous. A treaty never can legit-
imately do that which can be done by law. Jlnd the con-
vene is also title."
Do not the resolutions under consideration con-
template a contract? Clearly. Is not Texas a for-
eign nation? Certainly. Can the compact or trea-
ty that we are now attempting to consummate by
legislative action, be performed by the treaty pow-
er? Undoubtedly. Is the consent of Texas re-
quired? Expressly in the resolutions. The trea-
ty power can perform this act; therefore the legisla-
ture cannot.
This House has departed from its "proper
shere;" its action has become erratic; and truly it
is "portentous and dangerous." I call the atten-
tion of the gentlemen from South Carolina to this
argument; and I ask them to answer it if they can.
Sir, 1 have several authorities before me to the same
point, and equally clear; but I will not detain the
committee to read them.
And now let me add a word or two in homage to
the wisdom of the framers of this immortal instiu-
ment in thus conferring the treaty-making power on
the President and Senate. In the Senate alone the
States are represented, and there they are represented
equally. In theory, all the States are independent
and sovereign; and it is their sovereignty which is
represented in that body. It was certainly right
that it should be represented somewhere, and there
exists no other body in which this can be done.
When the Senate acts with the President in the ex-
ercise of its treaty-making power, little Delaware,
which on this floor has but one representative,
checkmates the great and powerful States of New
York and Pennsylvania, which have fifty-eight
members. An arrangement like this preserves the
freedom and equality of the small States; but when
this House undertakes to make a treaty by an act
of legislation, little Delaware disappears; she is an-
nihilated, because we vote per capita. I believe, if I
rightly understand the theory of the South Carolina
democracy, two-thirds is required to determine any
matter in a caucus or convention. It is anti-
democratic to govern by a majority.^ State-rights
as the gentleman [Mr. Rhett] is, he is not willing
to abide by the decision of the majority, unless it
consists of two-thirds; which, if I rightly compre-
hend, is now claimed to be the established demo-
cratic creed. It is here that he can grace his broWa
with the triumphs of chivalry, as the champion of
the people and the rights of the majority; and ft is
here, as he tells us, that treaties should be consum-
mated, because here, and not in the Senate, die pow-
ers of the people are wielded. The rule depends
upon circumstances; if two-thirds is necessary to de-
feat an object desired by South Carolina, that rule
is democratic; if a majority can consummate any
act she wishes, it is democratic.
Another weighty reason for intrusting the treaty
power to the Senate, rather than to Congress, is
found in the length of the official term of its mem-
bers. By serving for six years in that body, they
have an opportunity of acquiring, comparatively, a
familiar knowledge of the power and policy of
foreign governments, as well as the relative strength
and character of our own—a species of experience
which is possessed by members of the House in an
inferior degree.
But it appears not a little surprising that a gentle-
man from South Carolina, considered as the standard-
bearer of strict construction, who is distinguished
above all his compeers in contending for the sacred-
ness of State sovereignty, and for the necessity of
the two-thirds vote, instead of a mere majority—a
gentleman who claims, par excellence, to be the ora-
cle of State-rights doctrine—a gentleman who could
not hear of an appropriation for opening a harbor,
improving a river, constructing a railroad, cutting a
canal, or chartering a bank, because the power to
perform these things is not specifically granted in the
constitution,—that a gentleman thus transcendental
should come here, and, throwing to the winds all these
features of the true democratic creed which he had
preached, and the whole South has also preached,
to the North until we believed them, should plant
himself on powers not to be found in the constitu-
tion, and should advocate a position which would
enable this government at pleasure to trample on all
the rights of all the States,—this, indeed, is a politi-
cal phenomenon such as the history of party has
rarely been able to exhibit. The gentleman and his
friends must pardon me if I remind them of
certain persons in Holy Writ who were said to
strain at gnats and swallow camels. Yes, sir,-we
are told it is federalism, rank federalism, to vote for
any work of internal improvement, any road, any
harbor, any canal, any bank; and yet it is perfectly
republican, and according to strict construction, to
perfect a treaty by the exercise of the legislative
power. I must be permitted to say to gentlemen of
the South, who themselves were the first to raise
the State-rights banner, under which the democracy
of the North have marched so long, and are still
marching, that if they expect, when they abandon
their own creed, contradict their own professions,
and go at a leap for the largest constructive powers,
and for the utter prostration of all State rights, the
democracy of the North are still to follow them,
they are entirely mistaken. The cocked hats and
plumes, the banners and the music, may all march
in one direction, but the democracy of the North
will refuse to follow. We of the North love the
sound doctrine of strict construction. We love the
democratic creed, and we mean to abide by it.
But where is this power in the constitution, au-
thorizing Congress to_legis!ate a treaty, to be found?
Not in the constitution; that is not pretended. It is
a vagrant, a wandering power, creeping about the
borders of the constitution, seeking for some
crevice or opening into which it may sneak
and find a lodgment. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Belser] tells us that it is an inci-
dent to sovereignty; that wherever sovereignty or
a sovereign is to be found, there is the power to
annex territory. In this country, we contend, that
all sovereignty resides in the people, and not in the
government. If, therefore, there is no sovereignty
in the government, the incident to it is not in Con-
gress, but abides in the people. But is it not
passing strange, that gentlemen who assume to be
the champions ef strict construction, go for exer-
cising a power which they not only confess is not
contained in the constitution, but which they plead
for only as an incident to sovereignty? It is a power
that can have no existence, so long as we have a
constitution, and can only be exercised when that is
destroyed. The first gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Belser] has candor enough to confess that if he
doubted our constitutional authority, he should be m
favor of exercising the power. This reminded me
of a case which 1 once heard of in a justice's court:
the defendant's counsel in the suit objected to the
jurisdiction of the court, and referred to the statute,
