Jan. 1845.
28th Cono....."Js Sess
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133
rfnn&cation of Texas—Mr. Rathbun.
and read from it the extent of the jurisdiction of
the justice; not finding the authority sustaining the
claim of the justice to try the cause, the justice
then inquired of the lawyer, "is there anything there
which says that I shall not try such causes1" "No."
replied the lawyer: "but jurisdiction is not conferred,
and therefore, you cannot try the cause." The
justice replied, "my doctrine ie, that when there is
nothing in the statute against my juriediciton, I al-
ways claim it." Sir, that is the substance of the ar-
gument of the two gentlemen from Alabama. There
is nothing m the constitution which expressly for-
bids Congress to annex foreign territory by legisla-
tive treaty, ergo, Congress may annex foreign terri-
tory constitutionally.
Again, sir, he put this matter on the right of con-
quest. Well, sir, have we conquered Texas? Who
declared war: Who paid the soldiers? Have we?
J thought we were at peace with Texas and Mex-
ico, and have not learned till now that we had con-
quered Texas. This is a position untenable and
unsound. There is no such thing as conquest.
The gentleman must seek some other pretext or
excuse for exercising unconstitutional power.
Another argument has been brought forward,
which at the first blush might seem plausibie, but
which, when examined, will be found not tenable.
The argument is this: Congress may do all that is
necessary to protect the people or a part of the peo-
ple. The annexation of Texas is necessary for this
purpose; therefore Congress has power to annex
Texas. Now I am prepared to admit that a case
niay arise when the government weuld be justified
in adopting the principle, but I deny that any such
ease now exists. There is not the slightest pretext
for such a measure on the ground of necessity. The
argument comes to this: government may do what-
ever will promote the general welfare. Let us ex-
amine this doctrine. It is the same contended for
by the crowned heads of the Old World; it is the
doctrine'of kings and emperors and despots; it is
the doctrine of Santa Anna, who shoots or
hangs all those who oppose his government, in order
to promote the general welfare of Mexico. So, if
Congress may acquire foreign territory to promote
the general welfare, then, of course, it may expel a
State to promote the general welfare. The author-
ity is as good for the one as for the other.
We may fine, imprison, whip, brand, hang, draw,
and quarter, any man we please for the promotion of
the general welfare. We may do anything, every-
thing at pleasure, provided we do it for the general
welfare. Let gentlemen who approve such doctrine
act upon it if they will; it shall never receive my
sanction.
Another argument in favor of annexation is, that
brought forward by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglass,] a gentleman, as I am told, of no
inconsiderable standing in his own State as a jurist.
Knowing; that such was his reputation, I listened to
his constitutional argument with some anxiety, and
expected that when he rose our power to de this act
would be demonstrated, and so powerfully illus-
trated (if it could be done) by him, as to put all
doubt to flight. Well, and what is the gentleman's
e-ound? It is this: the constitution declares that
ongress may admit new States; but, in order to do
this, she must first have territory to make them out
of; and, therefore, he claims by infeernce and con-
struction, that Congress possesses power to acquire
territory, out of which to make States to be admit-
ted into the Union.
Let us test this argument. The constitution au-
thorizes Congress to regulate commerce among the
States. That commerce requires railroads, canals, and
turnpikes, for the conveyance of the goods, mer-
chandise, and the products of the soil. Is Congress,
therefore, authorized by the constitution not only to'
construct these modes of conveyance, but also to fur-
nish the boats, cars, wagons, teams, tools, and work-
men for the purpose of carrying on this commerce?
shall the government become the monopolist of the
business of transporting the products of the coun-
try? Will the gentleman go this length?
The constitution says Congress may regulate
commerce with foreign nations. Commerce requires
shipping; will he therefore contend that Congress
may build, buy, or charter ships, and carry the
cotton, corn, pork, and tobacco, across ahe ocean?
1 he argument proves too much, and therefore proves
nothing. The gentleman makes the incidental par-
amount to the specified power. It comes to this-
Congress may admit States into the Union; there-
fore Congress may acquire foreign territory suffi-
cient to make ten or twenty new States. When and
H. of Reps.
where shail we stop? The reason will always exist in
the same force as at the pre?snttime. It is a progres-
sive and aggressive principle,, and sne that is limit-
ed only by earth's boundaries. The defeat in the
argument lies here: constructive powers rriust not
only be necessary to carry out a granted power, but
must be in harmony with it. We may admit States
when we have territory out of which to make them;
but we may not, therefore, depiedate upon our
neighbors, seize upon and annex their territory, m
ordjr to carry out the granted power. There are
powers conferred upon Congress which have laid
dormant, and will continue to do so, until it is ne-
cessary to exert them. The Gentleman says that it
was the federalists who contended that We might ex-
ercise incidental powers whenever it was cofr^enient,
but that the democrats always insisted that the po\£-
er must be necessary as well as proper. My col-
league before me [Mr. Barnard] claims the power
under the constitution to make a canal, to improve
the navigation of rivers, or to charter a national
bank. He is a liberal constructionist; but I, who
am not, object to these things. So does the gentle-
man from Illinois. Wc hold them to be unconsti-
tutional. How slight are they, compared to that
now claimed by the gentleman from Illinois?
We cannot admit new States without territory.
Sir, is it necessary to admit new States, unless we
have the territory, and the people in the territory?
Territory will not, of itself, make a State; there
must be people also. The gentleman from Missou-
ri over the way, [Mr. Bowlin,] contended that this
power to acquire territory is not given to the States
in the constitution; and as it must exist somewhere,
it exists therefore in Congress. It is a modern
discovery, that, to ascertain the constitutional power
of Congress, is to hunt up the powers not granted
or denied to the States, and, for that reason,
claim them as belonging to Congress. This, sir, is
a negative position, equally new and dangerous. It
would enable us to claim, first, all power specifically
granted; and, secondly, all power not specifically
granted to the States.
The next argument in favor of the measure was ad-
dressed to the House by a gentleman from Virginia,
who favored us with his views on this constitutional
question. The gentleman enjoys a good degree of ju-
dicial reputation in his own State. I, of course, ap-
proach with great deference an argument from such
a source; and yet I must examine it with that free-
dom which its importance demands. The gentle-
man insists "that Congress may, by joint resolu-
tion, annex foreign territory to the Union;" and he
derives this right under the power to declare war.
Let us examine it for a moment. Congress may
declare war. There is no doubt we may, by the
exercise of this power, acquire foreign territo-
ry by conquest. If, at the close of the war,
it becomes ours by the treaty of peace, or
by exterminating its possessors, Congress may
add it to the United States. But I deny that, while
we are at peace, and on terms of intercourse, with a
friendly power, we may resort to that last and most
offensive power of government—the right of war.
The argument a^mounts to this: Congress may make
war on Texas and take her territory; therefore Con-
gress may take her territory by joint resolution as a
substitute for war. This, I apprehend, is what
logicians denominate a non sequitw. ~We might
conquer her by war, and when she could no longer
resist we might admit her into the United States;
but I deny that we may therefore, by joint resolu-
tion, incorporate her into the Union as territory.
Sir, I think I have shown that Congress has no
constitutional authority to annex Texas by joint
resolution, containing the conditions, ingredients,
and characteristics of a contract or treaty. Having
disposed of this point, I will now proceed to state
in what manner Texas may be annexed constitu-
tionally. I have already adverted to the treaty-
making power as one mode; I think there is still
another, plausible, at least, if not sound. That is
by law admitting Texas into the Union as a State!
Among the propositions submitted to the House for
its consideration, that submitted this morning by
my colleague [Mr. Robinson] is the least objection-
able. It comes directly to the object, avoiding every
feature of a contract or treaty. Its provisions are:
"That so much of Texas as may be'embraced in an area
not exceeding that of the largest state m the Union, and as
snail be described in the constitution to be adopted as herein-
after provided, shall, on the adoption of a constitution by
the people thereof as a State, in accordance with the consti-
tution of the United States and of the provisions of this act
and on the transmission of such constitution to the Presi-
dent, oa or before the day of July next, be, and the
same is hereby, upon his proclamation thereof, admitted
as one of the States of tJ*i3 Union.
"Sec 2. Atufyt it further rewired, That such constitution
shall contain a provision ceding to the United States the ju-
risdiction of the residue of the territory ol' Texas, in which
slavery shall not exist, unless Congress sfaall hereafter so
rfftermine by law; and this act of admission «hail not be con-
strued imply any assumption of or intention on the part
of the L'flitfu States to assume, now or hereafter.the debts, or
any portion thereof, of Texas, or to impair the right of said
State to the soil of the territory so to be ceded, or the riffht
of the State of Texas to determine whether slavery shall or
shs1* not exist in said State.
"Sf,c. 3. ^indbe it further resolved, That until the next appor-
tionment of refreeentstives among the States, the said State
of Texas shall be entitled f© two senators and two repre-
sentatives m the Congress."'
This bill secures the avowed objects of annexa-
tion. The cotton lands, the extension of territory,
the commercial advantages, the market for northern
produce and manufactures, and the military defence,
are Jill oars by this bill. These are the only na-
tional objects which have been urged in the argu-
ment of this queiftioft. The question of slavery is
so adjusted as to alio  one State equal to the largest
in the Union, to hold slaV6  or not, at the option of
the people. And in the residue of this territory it
is left to a future Congress to adjust. The last is
the provision objected to. We are told that, with
that condition, we shall not have Texas; the South
will not submit to it. I answer, then let tire South
reject her if she will.
Are southern gentlemen unwilling to trust Con-
fress with that question? Are they afraid that the
ough-faces are all dead, or going to die? The
North has been taunted in an uncourteous manner
during the course of this debate. I shall not return
those taunts, but I will present the generosity, the
magnanimity, the firmness of the North, as our
shield, to protect us from the poisoned arrows so
madly thrown at her. I say to gentlemen, keep
cool. We ask for nothing to which we are not just-
ly entitled. We are willing to annex Texas; but
we say here, in the beginning, after we have given
you of the South near seven entire new States, and
you still ask for more, give us at least oar portion
of the genial climate, rich products, and fertile soil
of this southern Eldorado. The North has asked
for no addition to her territory—wants none; bat if
we are to add an empire to the Union in the South,
leave a part of it open to the people of the North.
The South has acquired all. The North has been
taxed to pay millions for the territory of Louisiana
and Florida, and yielded it all to the South and
southern institutions. We are willing to go farther
in the acquisition of territory, but we demand a fair
division. If you will meet us upon fair, equal, and
honorable terms, well; if not, no northern man, who
has ar.y respect for the feelings, honor, or interest
of his constituents, can go with you. I certainly
will not.
There is one gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Holmes,] whose remarks I cannot suffer
wholly to pass without notice. He said that any
southern man who should consent to the admission
of Texas on condition that her territory should be
divided between slaveholding and non-slaveholding
States, was either a knave or a fool. Now, with all
due deference, I doubt the propriety or wisdom of
such a remark. We meet here as one family; and
if, under strong and opposing prejudices and inter-
ests, we insist upon a fair partition of new territory,
I do not think that the gentleman from South Caro-
lina is either courteous or prudent in saying to every
southron who should be liberal enough to vote for a
fair and honorable division of this large acquisition
of new territory, that he is either a knave or a fool.
_ In the same speech he said that the second magi-
cian of New York (alluding to Mr. Wright) sat
trembling on his throne; probably because, in the
Senate, he had voted against the Texas treaty. Now,
in the first place, the distinguished statesman al-
luded to, occupies no throne, in the common ac-
ceptation of that term; though it is true that he is,
and long will be, enthroned in the hearts of his coun-
trymen. They sustain him and will continue to
sustain him. He neither trembles nor has reason
to tremble. An upright, honest, and consistent
politician like Silas Wright may sit as calm as a
summer's morn, without the least fear of the threats
of the gentleman from South Carolina or his friends.
By a life of integrity and purity, by his great tal-
ents, his dignified deportment, hl< kindness and
generosity, he has fixed himself in t He affections of
the people of that State; and his thrc ie, based upon
their love and confidence, has a 3undation too
strong and deep to be shaken by anv wind that can
blow from South Carolina. The gentleman is
