134
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Comg.. ..2d Sess.
Jan. 1845.,
Oregon Bill—Mr. Wentworth.
H. of Reps,
weatherwise, and has predicted that a storm is
gathering that we cannot stand.
Now, we have occasionally some storms in the
North, compared to which your southern winds are
fentle zephyrs—your lightning but the flash of the
re-fly—your thunder but the rumbling of a hand-
barrow; and let me say to the gentleman, that he
who provokes the rage of the usually quiet elements
of the North will have abundant reason to repent
and regret his temerity.
The people of the North are a cool, quiet, think-
ing, moderate people. But there are points
beyond which they cannot be driven. A gentle-
man from. Mississippi [Mr. Hammett] said
that Texas had killed Martin Van Buren.
It "may be so. 1 trust it may not kill the constitu-
tion of our common country. The gentleman said,
too, that Texas was a bomb-shell, and that it "would
blow every thing to atoms that obstructed it." I
say to the gentleman that the constitution is an ob-
struction to it here, and if they cause that to burst
to atoms, it may blow not only us, but this House
and the government into atoms.
The spirit of the North, too, has been character-
ized in the most degrading and insulting terms.
Such language is calculated to do harm, and can in
jno case do any possible good. We cannot be driv-
en; we know our rights, and we intend to maintain
them. Give us justice, and we shall be content;
deny it to us, and we can insist upoii it as firmly as
the South.
Mr. Chairman, I have before me a paper which
speaks to the North from Virginia on this subject.
That gentlemen may know their cuc here, I will
read from the Richmond Enquirer of the 18th of
January:
""VVe rejoice, too, that those deserting democrats!, who
oppose this vital question, which Mr Polk so anxiously de-
sires to be settled at this session, will havimj nothm^ to ex-
pect from his administration. Those noithern democrats,
who avail themselves of tins cntical contest with our great
trans-Atlantic rival, to indulge their lanutioal hatred ol' the
South, will find themselves mistaken in their calculations-
marked by a great national sentiment m their turn—and we
dare to say, that if they should defeat «i,wo t-hall have at
least the consolation of knowing that they will be hereafter
defeated in their own aspirations."
Gentlemen from the North may see the prospect
before them. If they dare to oppose annexation,
or insist upon fair and honorable terms, they shall
have no share in the loaves and fishes of the coming
administration. I hope gentlemen will not be alarm-
ed at the crack of the Virginia lash. Practise sub-
mission in time; supple your knees, and learn to
bow your necks, or there is no hope for you. For
my own part, I believe that James K. Polk is an
honest man. If he is not, he is greatly belied. And
if he would object to our insisting upon what we
believe to be a fair, honest, and just proposal, such
as wc now present, all I shall here say is, he
not the kind of man we supposed. We voted
for him under the firm belief that he was
a man whose sentiments and feelings were exalted
far above, and we still believe him incapable of, any
such intention. If he shall attempt to deprive the
North of the right of acting in accordance with
their honest opinions, we shall be sadly disappointed
in him. Sir, I do not believe a word of it. It is
the arrogance of its author—unauthorized and un-
true.
We offer you a fair and reasonable compromise;
and how is that offer met? It is denounced as a
firebrand, intended to destroy the rights of the
South, and endanger the Union. It is no firehrand,
and its object and tendency are directly the reverse.
We desire peace and harmony, and we demand
justice.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] told
us that the people had settled this question. I ask
him how?—when?—where? Does he take the vote
of New York, without which we should have been
beaten, as a settlement of that question? If he does,
then Texas must not be annexed, for in New York
there was a majority of ten thousand upon the pop-
ular vote against us. What is it that the South
asks from New York? Must she commit suicide
on this floor? Must she yield her sentiments, her
feeling, and her independence, to the dictation of
the South; and that dictation to be enforced by
threats of punishment? No: we shall judge, under
the circumstances, how far we can go m compliance
with public opinion in our own State, and beyond
that we shall not be driven. I call the attention of
northern democrats to the history of the past, as a
beacon-light to them on the present occasion. This
s no new question. The case is precisely like the
Missouri question." In that ever-memorable strug-
gle, several northern men voted in favor of allowing
slavery to exist in Missouri. I call upon every
northern man to remember their fate. I am not
condemning the vote they gave: I wish gentlemen
to look at the consequences. Some of them, it
is true, were appointed to offices by the gov-
ernment; but when their term of office expired,
they expired with them. They have been politi-
cally dead ever since. Let their fate be a warn-
ing to the North. They were denounced as traitors
to their country, and condemned by their constitu-
ents. Representatives may go with public opinion
upon a fair and honorable basis; but ' if they go be-
yond, they will not be sustained. So long as we do
right, the people will uphold us; when we forget our
responsibilities to those who send ua here, we shall
deserve, and we shallreceive, their condemnation.
All the population of New York desire Texas if
Texas can be had without slavery; and a large pro-
portion—perhaps a majority—are willing to consent
to a fair compromise on that subject; but throughout
the whole of that large State you can scarcely drum
up a corporal's guard in favor of surrendering the
whole territory to the South, unless it be composed
of men looking for office, who will go for annexa-
tion without some just and fair division of the terri-
tory.
I say to northern democrats—to'my colleagues—
the danger is not in the South; it lies m the North—
at home. Our constituents are to be feared. If we
forget them—their feelings, opinions, and interests—
they will meet us with scorn and contempt. The
northern man who dares, at this time, to vote for the
annexation of Texas, and surrender the whole of
it to the South, must be a bold man. He leaves the
public opinion of the North; he scorns the interests
of the North; he will arouse the indignation of the
North; he fixes upon himself a mark which Lima
can never effacc.
Sir, 1 repeat, we can meet the South upon fair and.
equitable grounds of compromise. We cannot,
ought not, to do more.
REMARKS OF MR. WENTWORTH,
OF ILLINOIS.
In the House of Representatives, January 27, 1845—
On the Oregon bill.
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The Oregon bill was taken up; anil, on motion of
Mr. Douglass, the bill was laid aside, and the bill
taken up authorizing a purchase of Greenhow's
History of Oregon and California.
Mr. WENTWORTH said it was not his orig-
inal intention to have said any thing in relation to
the merits of the bill before the House, for the re-oc-
cupation of Oregon, at this stage of the question. [A
laugh.] Mr. W. said, gentlemen laughed at his word
re-occupation,which he used designedly, and he want-
ed gentlemen to understand its true meaning. If
we ever did occupy Oregon (as all gentlemen will
grant) it is certain we do not occupy it now. And
hence he wanted to re-occupy it, to drive the Brit-
ish out, and rightfully place Americans in. He was
for tearing down the cross of St. George, and rais-
ing the stars and stripes in its stead.
Mr. W. said the question before the House, he
knew, was a measure preliminary to aStion upon
this great measure of re-occupation. He knew the
bill before the House was introduced in good faith
by his colleague, [Mr. Douglass,] believing it
would be disposed of m a few moments, and without
serious opposition. But long speeches, compre-
hending a great variety of subjects, had already
been made; and for fear, as in former times, the
House would never be nearer the subject than it
now was, he would submit a few remarks in rela-
tion to the bill itself. For twenty years, and up-
wards, this question of organizing a government m
Oregon had been agitated; but yet there had never
been any favorable action. Indeed there had never been
a direct vote taken, whereby the nation could get at
the sense of its representatives. The measure had
always gone by on false issues, or been preceded by
others of less importance in the end, though, per-
haps, considered at the time of more immediate im-
portance.
Mr. W. had no fears arising from the increase of
the number of the United States. He would not
like, at this moment, to name any bounds where the
advantages of this great and glorious confederacy
should stop, He feared consolidation more than
anything else. The great evil of this country is too
much legislation, and that local rather than national.
As the number of our States is multiplied, the evils
of this will be seen; and the action of Congress will
be restricted, as the constitution dictates, to the
"common defence" and "general welfare." It is
not from the extremities that we need fear disease.
We can lop off the infected member. But itis here,
at the very centre, that we have tho most to fear.
It is corruption at the heart, rottenness at the very
core, that we have to guard against. He passed by
the cry of centrifugalism, so often raised ■ on the
Texas question, as the mere ghost of an argument.
The Oregon question, somehow, had always been
an unlucky one. There was always something
ahead of it. Hence what he had to say he should
say now, lest legislative legerdermain should hinder
the proper bill from being called up, as was the case
at the last session.
On Saturday, we annexed a large tract, so far as
the action of this House was concerned, to one ex-
tremity of our Union. Here is now a proposition
to add to the other end, or rather to keep from being
irretrievably lost, what rightfully belonged to it.
Members denied that the annexation of Texas was
a sectional question, and contended that it was a
national one, and as such a measure they supported
it. If (he fiiends of Texas now go for Oregon, they
will show conclusively that they are for reclaim-
ing their own territory at whatever extremity of our
Union it may be, and thus prove conclusively that
they care no more for slave territories than they do
for free ones. The opponents of Texas took ground
that its annexation would add to the slave power of
this country and thereby disturb its present equilib-
rium. Even the venerable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Adams] would be for annexation
under certain conditions, were it not for sla-
very. Now Oregon is north of the Missouri
compromise line, and slavery can never exist there.
So, as he looked at it, Texas and anti-Texas men
would best preserve their character for patriotism
and consistency by advocating all measures for re-
possessing Oregon.
Mr. W. called upon whigs and democrats, upon
this great national question, involving our interests
and our honor, to forget all party feuds, and give a
consolidated vote against any further encroachments
of the British upon American soil.
Mr. BARNARD here called Mr. W. to order,
as he considered it not proper to discuss the
merits of the Oregon bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH contended that he was in
in order; or, at least, as near being so as the gentle-
man from New York ever was in any of his
speeches. The immediate question before the
House was a bill for purchasing a history of Oregon.
There was a great connection between a history of
Oregon, and Oregon itself, if Oregon was of no
importance, then we ought not to pass the bill; if
it is, then we ought to do so.
In a report made to this House upon the subject
now under discussion, by Mr. Baylies of Massa-
chusetts, in 1826, there can be found the following
sentence:
<(The indijfn'ence. oj Jim erica stimulates the cupidity of Great
Butain Our neglect daily weakens our oxen claim,, and
strengthens hers; and the day wilt soon an ive, when hei title
to this territory will be better than oms, unless ours is earnestly
and speedily enforced "
This might then have seemed empty declamation,
but who will say that time has not verified it all?
Great Britain never had a settlement on the Co-
lumbia nor any of its branches prior to 1810, the
time Mr. Astor's settlement was commenced. And
Mr. Madison looked upon the settlement with such
a favorable eye, that in 1813, he ordered the frigate
Adams thither; hut the order was countermanded
inconsequence of the crew being needed on Lake
Ontario. This same year the fort fell into the hands
of the British, where it remained until it was sur-
rendered to us under the first article of the treaty of
Ghent. Thus in J 818 were we putin full posses-
sion. And these were the words:
•' TVe, the undersigned, do, in conformity to the first article of
the treaty nf Ghent, restore to Ike. government of (he United
States the settlement of Foi t Qeoi ge, on the Columbia
Thus put in possession, how have we lost it?
Certainly not by the treaty of 1818 for joint occu-
pancy, for that treaty expressly declares that "the
only object of the high contracting parties was to pre-
vent disputes and differences among themselvesAnfl,
whilst treating of the title, Lord Castlereagh admit-
ted our right to be the party in possession,- And
this bill proposes nothingmore than mere protection-
of-the settlers in that possession they havehad.sifioe
1818; nothing more than Great Britain^
