Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Oregon Bill—Mr. Wentworth.
H. of Reps.
out of possession, has done for her citizens in Oregon
long ago.
Since 1818, much has been said in relation to our
duty to the American citizens in Oregon, but noth-
ing has been done. Able reports have been made
to this House, to two of which he would call the
attention of members at their leisure—that of Mr.
Baylies, just alluded to, and that of Mr. Cushing,
our recent minister to China. Able speeches have
also been made, but there the matter has stopped.
As early-as 1820, Mr. Floyd, of Virginia, as
ehairman of a committee of this House, made an
elaborate report on the propriety of extending the
jurisdiction of this country over the inhabitants of
Oregon, which concluded with a bill for that pur-
pose. That bill, like all its successors, was suffered
to lie on the table during the session. Next year
he navy commissioners made an estimate of the
expense of transporting cannon and ammunition to
the Columbia, and this was all that was heard of
the matter during that or the succeeding session.
In 1823, a select committee was appointed by the
House, with instructions to inquire into the expe-
diency of occupying the mouth of the Columbia.
This committee conferred with General Jesup, who
recommended manning a fort at the mouth of the
Columbia, and establishing a cordon of posts be-
tween it and Council Bluffs. He gives, as a reason
therefor, that "present protection would be afforded
to our traders, and, on the expiration of .the privi-
lege granted to British subjects to trade on the
waters of the Columbia, we should be enabled to
REMOVE THEM from our territory, and to secure
the whole trade to our citizens." This suggestion
was made in 1824; and it is valuable as showing that
it was the received opinion, at that time, that
the British only remained by our permission, and
that, at the expiration of the treaty for joint occu-
pancy, we could " REMOVE THEM from our
territory.'''' But nothing was done at this session.
In 1824, President Monroe, in his last annual
message, urged the establishment of a military post
at the mouth of the Columbia. But no heed was
given to him.
President Adams renewed this request; and it was
in ^'accordance therewith that Mr. Baylies, in 1826,
made the report from which he had already quoted.
But, as usual, nothing was doneat this Congress.
Mr. W. said he had thus reviewed all proceed-
ings, from the time we were put in possession up to
the year 1827, when the article of joint occupation
was indefinitely continued in force, with power on
the part of either party to annul or abrogate it by
giving twelve months notice.
From that time to the present, the proceedings of
Congress have been pretty much the same as they
were for the ten years previous. Presidents have
recommended, and committees have favorably re-
ported: and there the matter has ended. We have
had talk enough about this matter, and we now want
action.
He would not speak of our title to this country
because he believed no American doubted it. He
heard nearly all the debates in both branches of
Congress at the last session, and he heard not a sin-
gle person, whig or democrat, express a doubt as to
our title to every inch of the territory up to the
boundary established between us and Russia by the
treaty of 1824.
Here are eight grounds of our title:
1. Discovery of the mouth of Columbia river by
Captain Gray, of Boston, giving the name of his
vessel to the river.
2. The discovery of the head of the same river by
Lewis and Clark, under the authority of the Uni-
ted States.
3. The settlement of Astoria under the auspices of
Mr. Astor, an American naturalized citizen.
4. The treaty of 1803 with the French republic.
5. The treaty of Spain of 1819, acquiring all rights
of Spain to land north of 42 degrees beyond the
Rocky mountains.
6. The Nootka Sound contest between England
and Spain.
7. The treaty of Utrecht between France and
England, settling boundaries—this settlement becom-
ing ours, as the successor of France in that part of
her .dominions.
8. The treaty of Ghent, restoring Astoria to the
United States as American property.
That we were once in possession is equally
as clear, he thought he had shown, as our
title. And it is almost as clear that we are now dis.
possessed. Indeed, one of the issues in the late can-
vass' was the re-occupation or re-possession of Ore-
il
gon. That we became dispossessed is altogether
attributable to our indifference. Whilst we have
been doing nothing, England has done everything.
Whilst the American settler has had to mope along
at the rate of twenty miles a day, without roads and
through the domain of the most savage Indians,
England, through her ships, has been landing her
emigrants at the mouth of the Columbia, surround-
ed by all the conveniences of life.
Once dispossessed, the, question arises, hoW can
we again get possession? Of course, he meant with-
out war. Forcible possession can, he would say
must be, resorted to where all other means fail. It
is a just measure—just to the American settler in
Oregon, just to our own interests and our own honor.
There may be those who may think that, before
the passage of such a bill, the year's notice of our
wish to annul and abrogate the treaty of joint occu-
pation ought to be given. But if, under the pro-
visions of this article, Great Britain can extend the
jurisdiction of her laws over her citizens, can even
arrest and punish our citizens under that jurisdic-
tion, can we not, under the same provisions, extend
to our citizens our own protection—treat them as
American people treading American soil? If we
have this right, then comes up the expediency of
the measure under the supposition that this attempt
at double jurisdiction would soon bring about a
collision between British and American authorities.
But "sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof." Be-
cause a foreign power has usurped jurisdiction over
our country, this is no reason why we should "fear
and tremble" in anticipation of any collision among
the authorities. But if this collision does ensue, it
will only show the more urgent necessity of abro-
gating that article, which has been so often and so
fruitlessly attempted.
But the abrogation has always been hindered by
some negotiation. And when, sir, will there not
be, judging the future by the past, some negotiation
pending on this matter? Never, so long as things
remain in their present condition—whilst England
has everything and we nothing—so long as British
laws and British arms rule the country. He looked
at this negotiation as all tantalization—something
that never is, but always is to be; mere British le-
gerdemain to swindle us out of the country. He was
for the abrogation of that article now, and should be
ready to vote for it at any time, whether before or
after the passage of this bill. The sooner we do it
the better for our interest and our honor.
But it is argued that England would consider a
notice of this abrogation—would consider a compli-
ance with the provisions of one of our treaties—
equivalent to a declaration of war. If ^he would
consider it so now, when would she consider it any
less? Would it be when there was no negotiation
pending or in contemplation? When is this to be?
He predicted neve^, until we boldly asserted our
rights and gave the notice. Others say war will
certainly grow out of it, and we are in no prepara-
tion for it. But are we not as well prepared as
Great Britain, who has everything to lose and noth-
ing to gain? War with us would but be a signal
for the loss of Canada. The star-spangled banner
would wave in triumph over Abraham's heights,
and shouts of victory ring over the graves of Wolf
and Montgomery. There would be no stopping to
organize armies on this side; but, at the first signal
of war, our indignant citizens would pour upon
Canada from Maine to Michigan, and overrun the
country like a tornado. The Canadians themselves,
half ripe for a revolt, would welcome us the moment
they would feel safe in so doing. And Great Brit-
ain knows this. No, no; much as this nation of
hypocrites wants Oregon, she would not go to war
with us for it. She knows us too well. She knows
the soreness of feeling along our whole frontier en-
gendered, during the late Canadian troubles, by the
burning of the Caroline, the murder of Durfee, and
the capture of Grogan. From some nations she
would take it at all hazards. In the ostentation of
her humanity, she could find some excuse for taking it
from a weak nation. Under pretence of christianizing
the world, she is robbing every feeble nation of its
territory. Whilst pretending to convert the Chinese,
she makes a market for her opium; whilst profess-
ing to desire the abolition of slavery, she but steak
our southern slaves to use in Canada to bind still
tighter the manacles of her white subjects. Under
the guise of philanthropy she strives to enslave the
world. This nation will endeavor to rob us of Ore-
gon, but not by war. Diplomacy is her game. She
who had the impudence to demand the joint naviga-
tion of the Mississippi With us—that we should re-
cognise the Indians as independent powers—and
that we acknowledge her right to seareh our ves-
sels—will not hesitate to demand anything, how-
ever unjust, whenever her avarice or ambition
prompts her. She claims the whole of Oregon; but
only demands all ltorth of the Columbia, providing
she can have the joint navigation of that river with
us. If she ought to have any, she ought to have the
whole. Her title to the whole territory is as good
as it is to one single inch between 42 degrees and 54
degrees 40 minutes. Slie is willing, however, as a
matter of compromise, to give us a small territory in
the angle of Fuca's strait and the Pacific coast.
Indeed, when worst comes to worst, I think she will
compromise everything for a joint possession of the
Columbia river and the straits of Fuca. She who,
in her designs to monopolize ths commerce of the
world, and to dictate terms to every nation, knows
how to value St. Helena, Malta, and Gibraltar, also
knows the value of the only river of commercial im~
portance emptying into the Pacific north of Cape
Horn. Great Britain got the Indias by setting
out with two small trading posts alofl€«
Give her these two points, and the cross
of St. George would float in triumph over every island
in the Pacific. It is not so much a few acres of land
that Great Britain wants, as it is a monopoly of the
furs of the northwest, the pearls and gold of Pa-
nama and Choco, minerals of Peru, hides of Cali-
fornia, the whale fisheries, and, in fine, the whole
trade of China, the Pacific islands, and the western
shore of Mexico and Central America. Our pres-
ent joint jurisdiction is satisfactory finough to Great
Britain, because, in our indifference, it is the
same as if it was all in her hands; and, underjt, our
fur trade with Canton has been almost entirely cut
off since 1818.
We have lately made a treaty with the Chinese
powers, and this is a matter of congratulation with
all those who know anything of it. But how
contingent would be its advantages (great as they
are said to be) if Great Britain, now possessing the
sovereignty of New Holland and Van Diemen's
Land, claiming that of the Sandwich Islands, and
aiming at that of China, should get possession of
the ports of Oregon! The whole Pacific coast would
soon be under tribute to her.
Indeed, she already boasts that her navy, scattered
over the whole world, is always at home—is always
in her own ports.
We are hearing much of annexation, and shall
probably hear more of it. And, whilst our
nation is agitated from its centre to its extremities
upon this subject, should it not teach us one impor-
tant lesson—to cede away no more American soil.3
Supposing Mr. Clay's proposition had been ac-
cepted, and we had ceded away to Great Britain
all of our Oregon territory north of 49°, would he
not be under the same obligation to reannex it that
we are to reannex Texas? And would the Amer-
ican settlers there ever rest contented until they
were placed back under their original rights and j uris-
diction? Those who know American patriotism
can best judge of this matter. And, whilst we have
so much to say about the importance of oar obtain-
ing full command of the Gulf of Mexico, should we
not be alarmed at the prospect of our losing all our
possessions on the Pacific? He was for Texas, but
he was for Oregon too. He was for extending the
area of freedom, and he believed now was the
"golden hour." His colleague [Mr. Douglass]
had told the House that he was for an ocean-bound
republic. He agreed with him. But his colleague
did not present the contrast. We are for an ocean-
bound, instead of a British-bound republic.
Mr. W. said, many of this body would live to
hear the sound from the Speaker's chair, "the gen-
tleman from Texas." He wanted them also to hear
"the gentleman from Oregon." He would even go
further, and have "the gentleman from Nova Scotia,"
"the gentleman'from Canada," "the gentleman fiom
Cuba," "the gentleman from Mexico," ay, even
"the gentleman from Patagonia." He did not be-
lieve the God of Heaven, when he crowned the
American arms with success, designed that the ori-
ginal States should be the only abode of liberty on
earth. On the contrary, he only designed them as
the great centre from which civilization, religion,
and liberty should radiate and radiate until the
whole continent should bask in their blessings.
Great Britain is satisfied with things as they are
in Oregon. She is doing well under the treaty of
joint occupation; and if she keeps on her present
progress, and we in ours, (if that can be called
progress which goes backwards,) in less than ten
