Feb. 1846.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lSt
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Oregon Bill—Mr. A. Kennedy,
H. of Reps.
meeting got up in the Wailamette settlement in Ore-
gon, to petition Congress for the passage of some
such bill as that now before us. The other is settled
in Mexico, sujd is taking an active part in the revo-
lution against Santa Anna. Sir, we cannot stop the
raving spirit of our young men, nor should we if we
could. They will not settle down, and especially
those from a Yankee stock, until they have fiist
looked around: and he wished them, and in-
vited them, to take a look at Oiegon (as the
merchants have it) before they purchase else-
where. And he wanted the government to
guaranty to them that they should not lose their
lives nor their scalps in getting: there, and should
not be claimed as British subjects. But he ought
here to allude to another class of our western pio-
neers. He alluded to the religious missionaries,
who are always ahead, paving the way for civiliza-
tion, overcoming the prejudices of the savage, and
instilling into his bosom the principles of Christiani-
ty. Who has ever moved so far beyond the reach
of organized governments that he has not found a
Methodist minister preceding him? He was wil-
ling that the oldest settlers of Iowa, Wisconsin,
Texas, California, or Oregon should answer this
question. Indeed, the first, and now the most im-
portant settlement in Oregon, that on the Walla-
mette, originated with a colony of Methodists from
Boston. He was not denying to other denomina-
tions due credit in speeding the march of civilization
They had each and every one done good service.
But he spoke of the Methodist, because we are sure
to find him threading the wilderness in advance
of all settlements, whether we do others or not.
Sir, the tide of emigration has set strongly towards
Oregon. Though the route is a perilous one; though,
from exposure to every inclemency of the weather,
they are liable to every disease, yet emigrants are
continually wending their way to Independence, and
tarrying until enough for an emigrating party comes
up. It cannot be possible that these thousands of
our citizens on our own soil are to be abandoned to
the merciless savage, or given up to the British gov-
ernment as adopted British citizens. Never will
there be a more propitious time for our action than
the present. Each hour's delay strenghtens the Bri-
tish power, and weakens ours, if we can be said to
have any there. Now, then, is the time for action—
now the time to pass this bill. War there will be
none; Lord Brougham thinks it better to cede away
whole territories rather than provoke a war with
America. What Great Britain cannot get from
us by negotiation, she will not undertake by
war. In all her negotiations with the United
States she been remarkably successful. In
war, the case has been reversed. A bill of
this kind will show to her that we appreciate
the value of Oregon, and that we are determined
to protect our settlers there. If we, then, rescind
the article of joint occupancy, it will convince her
that we mean to enforce our claim. She will then
be a little more modest in her negotiation, and the
matter be amicably adjusted, if thus adjusted it ever
can be. We want no more child's play about this
matter. The period has arrived when our rights
should either be enforced or abandoned. Abandon-
ed? No, never, whilst our bosoms are fired by the
least spark of patriotism. When we consent to let
any more of our territory go to Great Britain, let
us consent to have all go. We want no more com-
promises of American soil—no more dismember-
ments of our country. The spirit of philanthropy
tells us to enlarge, but not to diminish, in the least,
the area of freedom. Oregon being all ours, now is
the golden hour for possessing it. And, whilst we
are struggling to possess what our fathers wrong-
fully ceded away in 1819, now that we see that the
Briarian arms of England are extended to possess
all of Oregon, our action ought to be so decisive
that our posterity cannot hereafter rise up and say
that we lost Oregon by our indifference and neg-
lect.
Note.—The distance in a direct line from Lake Michigan
to-the mouth of the Columbia river on the Pacific, is two
thousand one hundred and sixty miles—making from New
York to the Pacific three thousand miles in a straight line—
and can be performed in eight days. From Columbia river
te the Sandwich Islands is two thousand one hundred miles,
making from New York to the Sandwich Islands five
thousand one hundred miles. From the Columbia
river to Japan is five thousand six hundred miles;
making from New York to Japan eight thousand six
hundred miles. From Columbia river to Amoy, in
China, (the port nearest to the tea and silk pro-
vinces,)is sis thousand two hundred miles; making from
New York to Amoy only nine thousand two hundred
owes) which, with a railroad to the Pacific, and thence to
China by steamers, can be performed in thirty days, being
now a sailing distance of nearly seventeen thousand miles,
and rerjirring from one hundred to one hundred fifty-days
for its performance.
SPEECH MR. KENNEDY,
OF INDIANA.
lil the House of Representatives, Februanj 1, 1545—
On the Oregon bill.
Mr. Chairman": You see, by the minute hand of
the clock, that the iron rule of this house has left
me a few minutes only to express my views on this
question; and I shall, therefore, without any circum-
locution, proceed to the subject under consideration.
Oregon is ours. This no man, friend or foe, can
gainsay or dispute. Why, then, are we not in the
peaceable possession of a country admitted to be
ours by all:
By the treaty of September 6th, 1827, we gave
the government of England joint occupancy of Ore-
gon with ourselves, until notice was given her by
this government of a desire, on our part, that it
should terminate. What has the British govern-
ment done under that treaty? Has she not extended
her laws over that country, and given protection to
her citizens residing there? What does this bill
propose to do? Nothing more than to imitate her,
and extend the same protection to our own citizens
residing there! And are we to be told that that we
are endangering the peace of the country, and pro-
voking a war with England, by claiming the same
rights and privileges which she enjoys? Sir, a
quarrel with England is not a necessary consequence
of thus acting. We are only doing for our citizens
what she has already done for hers. Let her make
it a cause of quarrel, if she choose so to do. If
she does, I hope she will be able, as I assure you
we are willing, to abide the consequences 1 I repeat
that Oregon is ours: so the gentlemen on the other
side admit. But, says the gentleman from Boston,
argument is necessary, not to convince our own
people, but Lord Aberdeen and the British ministry.
Who cares whether thty are satisfied or not? I
know 1 do not. Are we to take the trouble to mark
out the red lines, drawn on the map of North Amer-
ica to cheat us with, to gratify those who sur-
reptitiously placed them there? No, sir, we will not
give ourselves the trouble. Oregon is indisputably
ours from 42 degs. to 54 degs. 40 minutes north
latitude. It is right that we should occupy it; and
are we to be detered from asserting our rights by
the growl of the British lion? If we are, we act as
cowards, and deserve, as we will receive, the scorn
and condemnation of an honest and patriotic con-
stituency.
Not long ago Mexico threatened us with war if
we entered into a negotiation for the reannexation of
Texas. What business was that of hers? None;
and this House told her so. Then gentlemen had
no fears of doing what it was their duty to do, be-
cause we were threatened with war. But with
some gentlemen this is a horse of another color. It
seems, says the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Winthrop,] that we will subject ourselves to
the ire of a government that can do us more harm
than any other on the globe. Admit it: and shall
this make us quail from the performance of those
duties necessary to secure our rights? If we must
have a rupture with any foreign power in conse-
quence of their jealousy of our growing power, or
attempts on their part to interfere with our affairs, I
am for plucking the beard of the strongest of them
all. Let us begin the melee by whipping the bully
first.
Sir, 1 desire no war; peace is our forte; under its
benign influence our glorious institutions will grow
and ripen until its rich fruit will be enjoyed by all-
mankind. But the way to preserve peace is to let
the world know that we will boldly and fearlessly
maintain our rights, let the consequences be what
they may. We should not turn aside from the
pathway of our duty for fear of a war with any, or
all, of the crowned h iads in Christendom, whose
thrones will yet crumble under the scorching rays
of the sun of liberty.
The gentleman from Massachusetts complains
that there are persons in this country, if not in this
House, who have a constitutional hatred of Eng-
land. And why, let me ask, should it not be so?
Has she not been engaged for the last century in
rearing up an altar upon which every young Ameri-
can might well swear eternal hatred to her tyranny?
Did she not, when these colonies were in their help-
less infancy, send out her emissaries to spy out the
[ fat of the land, in order that she might, by taxation,
father it into the granaries of her stall-fed nobility?
>id she not, when she descried in the busy
colonists of our neglected country the germs
of a powerful nation, attempt to strangle
the young Hercules in his cradle? To this end, did
she not ally herself with, and arm the hell-hounds
of our primeval forests against us, and pay them
for their work of blood, by giving a price in gold
for each gory scalp-lock of an American citizen, no
matter whether it were torn from the head of the
warrior, the lovely female, or the helpless infant^
Did she not in the last war repeat these deeds of
blood? Ay, and it has deeply tarnished the original
brightness of her national escutcheon. And finally,
did she not, by her licentious soldiers, desecrate a
monument erected in the front of your Capitol to
perpetuate the noble needs of the American sailors!
Nor has the unjust conduct of England and her citi-
zens towards us been confined to times of war alone.
Is not her corrupted press continually slandering
and libeling the American character and institutions,
aided by a horde of wandering scribblers, who?e
heads do not contain a thimble full of brains' Sir, I
will not exactly say I have a constitutional hatred of
England, but I will leave it to the House and country
to judge how much I love her. May I not, in turn,
regret the presence on this floor of persons who seem
to have a constitutional love for England which is
too strong for their patriotism as American citizens,
much less as American statesmen? Have we not
been compelled to listen to long extracts from speeches
of the members of the British Parliament, fulmina-
ted against our inordinate ambition, (as they are
pleased to call it,) and quoted here to prove that we
are in the wrong and that England is in the right?
Sir, I can listen with calmness, if not with pleasure,
o the arguments urged by a British statesman to
show that his country is in the right, even when I
know the contrary to be the truth; but I confess I
cannot listen with patience to an American states-
man quoting British authority to prove America in
the wrong; and such conduct, to my mind, evinces a
constitutional hatred, rather than love, of his own
country. Over zeal in behalf of one's country, wheth-
er right or wrong, may be excused, because it springs
from an inmate love of one's native land; but an over
zeal for the interest of the natural and inveterate en-
emy of the land of one's birth can onl y spring from the
heart of a tyrant, capable of the blackest deeds of
treachery.
Mr. Irskine, who has been so frequently quoted
here, looking down the vista of time with the eye of
a sagacious and far-seeing statesman, saw the rising
greatness of Ameiica, and correctly did he prophesy
coming events; but he only saw the commencement
of that tide of emigration and empire which th«n
had started westward. It has grown into a resistless
wave; and having overspread the great Mississippi
valley, is now flowing up to the snowcapped summits
of the Rocky mountains, from thence to spread over
the immense valley of the Columbia to the Pacific
ocean. Nor will it stop there; dividing its force, it
will extend along the shores of the Pacific until it
includes the entire American continent, from Beh-
ring's Straits to Cape Horn. This, sir, is our great
and glorious destiny! It is written on the map of
the world, by the finger of God. If we prove true
to ourselves, the tree of liberty, planted by our fa-
thers, and watered with their blood, will take
deep root in our soil and spread until all the
human family who choose to cast their des-
tiny on this continent may repose amid peace
and plenty under its ample boughs. Then, and
not till then, may we expect to see ushered in
the political and religious miilenium. And shall we
cease to be ourselves, and refuse to hasten the acme
of our country's glory, because we are threatened
with war by a jealous and envious foreign power?
If they must have war, let it come! We will console
ourselves for some of its horrors with the reflection
that we war in defence of our rights, and that its
stern realities will develop some of the noblest traits
of the human character, encouraging a bold, manly,
and chivalrous bearing, and destroying the sordid
spirit of a mercenary age.
But are we m danger of a war? We certainly
give no occasion for one by the passage of this bill;
but if England possesses the poioer to crush us, she
will unquestionably use it, with or without a cause.
She has long been striving, might and main, to em-
barrass and destroy our government. She would
glory in our downfall, because she fears that the ex-
ample of our institutions may inspire her down-
trodden poor with the spirit of freedom; and because
she sees, with an envious eye, that we are her rival
