. v.n
142
APPENDIX tfO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. ll
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Ellis.
H. of Reps.
preparing a condition of social, civil and political
equality, which will secure to them all the advan-
tages and blessings which they are capable of enjoy-
ing. There the African will find in these blended
races, not his superior, but his equal. To confine
him here within our own borders, to obstruct the
free course of emigration, and fix him permanently
among a race with whom he has and can have no
• sympathies of equality—a race his superior by the
gifts of nature, and to whom he naturally falls in
subordination, is to consign him to perpetual servi-
tude. Sir, the consummation of the measure before
us is identified with the welfare of the African race.
It increases no burden; diminishes no comforts;
adds none to the number of the service-bound; in-
sures in a large portion of our country a more
speedy emancipation, and the ultimate extinction of
slavery in it all. Sir, it is because this beneficial re-
sult must flow from the measure, and because re-
jection must defeat it, that I more ardently desire its
consummation. Such portions of the territory as
are adapted to productions peculiar to slave labor
will become slave States. Those portions not thus
adapted cannot be made so by legislative or consti-
tutional cnactmcnts, and must be free. In the ex-
pansion of our population, the nature of the labor
will depend upon the nature of the climate and the
staples. Let Texas come into the Union with the
same unrestricted sovereignty as New York, Virgin-
ia, or Pennsylvania. An attempt to impose restric-
tions simultaneous with the acquisition, and thus
to go behind and override the cohstitution, are not
bnly impolitic, but nugatory also. When new States
are formed and ready for admission, let the people
then living and concerned decide questions that may
arise. They will have the power to settle upon the
admission or rejection of a State in disregard of any
arrangements you shall make; and why then seek
to embarrass the acquisition by matters now foreign
to the measure* You cannot thus bind your suc-
cessors. Would the ordinance of 1787 prevent th«
division of Wisconsin into two or more States in ac-
cordance with the constitution, by the consent of
Congress and her people? Would it prevent the
State of Illinois from establishing slavery within
her boundaries, should she resolve so to do? No,
sii; Congress cannot legislate down the constitution
by enactments of their own, nor incorporate new
restrictions into that sacred instrument.
Sir, a position has been taken in this debate that
the annexation of Texas will disturb the relations
of power between the North and the South, the free
States and the slave. What relations of power?
Are we then hostile rivals, under bonds to keep the
peace? Sir, I thought we were a fraternity of States!
Our origin, language, laws, institutions, history, and
destiny the same. The war of the revolution was
fought for all and by all. Through seven long years
oui fcitheis carried before them the declaration of
independence, like the ark of the covenant of Jeho-
vah, through fire and through blood. The constitu-
tion was the crown of their triumph. It was made
for them and for us, and for posterity. And are we
now here to carp and cavil at its provisions? It was
made to embrace the continent. And are we
to defeat the noble design of its founders? Is
it their example we follow in agitating the
breaking up of its compromises; awakening feel-
ings calculated to estrange and divide us into
imaginary adverse interests? What real interests
are there, sir, of the South opposed to the North, or
of the North opposed to the South, worthy to excite
jealousies and array us in hostility among ourselves5
Sir, in all this der ate I have heard but one. In the
midst of the lamentable efforts here calculated to
arouse and exasperate sectional prejudices, against
which the father of his country warned us so ar-
dently in his parting; benediction, no ground of di-
versity of interest lias been named except the im-
puted hostility of the South to the protection of
domestic manufactures. Is this not a question on
which opinion differs at the North and the South,
the East and the West, and on which political par-
ties over the whole country more or less divide? But
let me ask, in what State has the cause of protection
been more uniformly sustained than in Louisiana'
Texas is her neighbor, identical in interest and in
products. But the security of protection, as far as
it depends upon the character of a tariff or the action
of Congress,1 is found in the wants of your govern-
ment. The public expenditures, now annually ex-
ceeding twenty millions of dollars, and constantly
augmenting, with the expansion of our territory and
the increase of population, must always require the
imposition of duties to an extent adequate to give
ample encouragement to all the industrial interests
of the country, even when those duties are imposed
entirely with reference to the capacity of the articles
to produce revenue, or, in other words, where the
duties are confined strictly within the range of the
revenue limit. Such were the opinions I expressed
at the last session of Congress, and laid before my
constituents. They are my opinions now. Sir,
there is no danger, there can be none to the cause of
protection, when duties are laid on principles of
equality. Away then with the suggestions of alien-
ation. They are treason to ourselves and to posteri-
ty. We are an association of kindred people, di-
vided only in families, separated into neighborhoods,
but united in heart, and in interest, and in govern-
ment.
But what is this pretence that the diffusion of
slavery gives the representation from the South a
preponderance? The reflection of an instant shows
the error of the assertion. The diffusion of slavery
does not increase the number of slaves, and cannot
therefore the representation based upon them. Re-
move them from Virginia to Texas: you diminish
their number in the one place as you increase it in
the other; and so of representation. In the enume-
ration of that class of persons to ascertain the basis
of representation, what is gained in Texas is lost in
Virginia. It can add not one therefore to the num-
ber of representatives in this House. It can neither
increase nor diminish the senatorial representation;
for in each State that is equal in number, without
regard to the character of the population. It is a
false assumption, therefore, that the diffusion of
slavery does itself affect in any way the question of
political power in the Congress of the Union. But
then the objection is made to the fact that the slaves
are enumerated at all in estimating the number of
the population to be entitled to a representative.
That is a blow at the constitution itself, and
to its original construction. Sir, that question
was discussed and decided by our fathers. It can-
not be opened. But look at the principle on which
the objection is founded. If the slaves were eman-
cipated, the objection would cease. Yet if such were
the case, it would actually increase the representa-
tive power of the South in this hall, and could not
lessen the senatorial. Yes, sir, if slavery were abol-
ished in the South, that portion of the Union would
have ten more representatives here. Three-fifths
only of the slaves are embraced in the enumeration.
If free, the whole would be embraced. Strange fancy
and fallacy, indeed, that the abolition of slavery would
diminish the political power of the South. It must
increase it in the ratio of two-fifths of that whole
population. It is true the increase of States in the
South increases its political power in the Senate, as
does the increase of States in other sections of the
Union theirs in the Senate; but neither slavery nor
the negro race augments the extent of that power. So
long, indeed, as slavery exists in a State, the repre-
sentation of such State would be so far a protection
against the abolition of slavery if attempted by Con-
gress; but this is an objection which none but aboli-
tionists would raise, or others who desire to break
up the constitution and the Union, by encroaching
upon the domestic rights 'guarantied to the States.
And what would the North gam by the change?
Nothing truly in political power. Should we then
desire to prevent the abolition of slavery? No, sir.
But we should leave the institution to those with
whom it exists, and who alone are lesponsible for
its continuance. If the Union is to be extended, let
the compromise* in which it was formed be main-
tained. Without them, all efforts to preserve or
enlarge it will be vain.
But, sir, let gentlemen who manifest so much ap-
prehension in regard to the disturbance of imagina-
ry relations of power, but look at the map, and their
fears will be dispelled. Sir, you cannot outnumber
the Northern States by the Southern, though you
strike through and embrace all the territory between
Texas and the Pacific. The domain west of the
Mississippi, with Oregon, will form double the num-
ber of States which can be created even with the
Californias. The swell of population is northward
and westward. Climate, staples, enterprise, and the
past history of the numerical increase of population,
and the strides of advancement with which it is now
going forward, all demonstrate that the representa-
tive power of this House ever must be as it is, with
the States that are free. The relations of power, in-
deed! Why, sir, this constitution originated in conces-
sions. And one of these concessions was, that the little
States should stand upon an equality with the great
States in one branch of the government, a branch
coequal in legislation with the whole representative
body, and in another department coequal with the
executive. I mean the Senate. Call you hot.this
a compromise, which commits the interests of New
York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio, with all - their com-
merce, population, and wealth, to the decision of the
small communities of Rhode Island, -Connecticut,
and Delaware? Sir, if there is to be a remodifica-
tion of the compromises, the powerful territorial
members of the Union will have something to say
about the coequality in power of communities witn
limits so narrow that a citizen of other. States cp
scarcely stretch himself in them without the danger
of a violation of State rights. Sir, all New Eng-
land is less in territory than Virginia, or Missouri;
and at no very distant period, perhaps, may be in
population. YetNew England has twelve votes in the
Senate, while her equal in population and territory
would have but two. Sir, the croaking notes of
complaint come with an ill grace, from there. The
best preservation of the balance of power will be
found m the cultivation of feelings such as belong to
our character, condition, origin and destiny; and
when we forget the obligations and duties these im-
pose, our constitution will exist only in the memory
of the past.
But, sir, the gentleman from Pennsylvania, as well
as other opponents of annexation, insist that it wilj
involve us in war. When 1 listened to his im-
pressive description of its horrors, I thought of the
observation of a young democrat of Ohio, who
sought at a whig assembly in the late contest,, to
soothe an agitation occasioned by eloquence similar
to that of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr.
Corwin, the whig orator, was dilating upon the hard-
ships and sufferings of war—yes, sir, of this very
anticipated war with Mexico. He spoke, too, of
the bones of our youth bleaching upon the fields of
Texas and the deserts of Mexico. Whig voters
were sad—women were sobbing. "Sir," said the
democratic yeoman to the speaker, "pray suspend
your discourse, till I quiet the nerves of this weep-
ing maiden." "Madam," continued he, "dry your
tears ; depend upon it, if your lover be a whig, he
will never die in the defence of his country !i
Sir, suppose annexation be war: what then? It
has not disturbed Texas in nme years, and unless
Great Britain, with her aid, stimulates Mexico, will
disturb us as little; and should our commercial ene-
my openly or secretly do that, who would hesitate
for one moment as to the duty of an American Con-
gress? Is it not notorious that Mexico cannot re-
subjugate Texas? "From the battle of San Jacinto,"
is the language of Mr. Webster, "the war was at
an end." It is the truth. It was spoken by the
Secretary of State to the minister of Mexico in 1842.
Mere predatory incursions of banditti and sounding
notes of preparation are all the demonstration of war
which Mexico has made in years past, and even
whig nerves need not tremble at that. But, ?ir,
were annexation out of the question, I hold it the
duty of this government authoritatively to interpose
its injunction, that the quiet of this quarter of the
continent be no longer disturbed by the continuance
of this controversy. It should say to Mexico:
"This contest must now cease. You have long ex-
hibited your utter inability to reinstate your authori-
ty in Texas, and you cannot be permitted, on the
strength of a hopeless claim, for years unenforced,
to keep our neighbor in a state of agitation by your
threats and the depredations of marauders and
pirates. The interests of nations demand peace.
So long as you might assert your pretensions with
any chance of success, or made an honest effort to
try again the fortunes of actual conflict, we were
content to let the contest remain open. But now it
must end."
Sir, in my judgment it was the duty of our gov-
ernment, long ago, to have held this imperative lan-
guage to Mexico. The laws of nations saction it.
Annexation demands of us, in truth, no more in re-
gard to the war than does our duty without it.
Sir, 1 would give no just cause of offence to Mex-
ico. Her weakness could not justify, but would ag-
gravate a wrong.
But Texas alone has the right of deciding her
own policy and destiny without regard to any pow-
er on earth. She is independent in fact and of right.
Independent of Mexico, and independent as Mexico,
and with a government of vastly more stability, and
commanding immeasurably more respect before the
world. She is indeed denominated a revolting prov-
ince, stimulated by citizens of our own country to re-
cede, and her moral claim to sovereignty is denied.
Sir, how stand the truth and the history? In 1834,
