Ian. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MS
28th Cons 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Rhett.
H. of Reps.
Texas, with Coahuila, formed one of the independent
States of Mexico, which consisted of a confederacy
whose constitution was almost a transcript of our
own. She invited emigration from abroad. Influ-
ential inducements were held out by laws to the citi-
zens of the United States, who migrated there by
thousands. In 1835, a military revolution, led by
Santa Anna, ended in the subversion of the consti-
tutional government, and the establishment of a mil-
itary despotism. The States resisted. One after
another fell before the sword of the conquerer. Tex-
as alone maintained her position; triumphantly re-
pelled the aggression, and finally, on the plains of
San Jacinto, sealed her independents by the capture
of the desnot and the overthrow of his army. "What
moral right then has the usurped government of
Mexico to the allegiance of Texas? Her obligations
were to th  constitution, and not to the despotism of
Santa Anna. Mexico herself revolted from Spain
in 1821, a few weeks only after our cession of Tex-
as to her, and before Mexico even knew of the ces-
sion or had taken possession of the country. On
the overthrow of Spanish power, Texas was as in-
dependent as Mexico. Abandoned by us, she went
into the confederacy, and whatever might have been
her causes of complaint, her right of revolution
would be as indubitable as Mexico's right of revolu-
tion. But Texas, I repeat, was never in truth any
part of the existing government of Mexico.
Will the free citizens of the United States ques-
tion the right of independence founded on revolu-
tion? Our own ever-memorable declaration an-
nounces that government is instituted among men to
secure the rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness; that it derives its just powers from the
consent of the governed; and whenever it becomes
destructive of these ends, it is the right of the peo-
ple to alter or abolish it, and to institute such new
government as to them may seem most likely to ef-
fect their happiness and safety.
Sir, with the history of oar own glorious revolu-
tion before us, looking upon that illustrious assem-
bly of patriots deciding the great question of our in-
dependence, and pledging to each other their lives,
their fortunes, and their sacred honor, in the cause,
let no American voice be heard to calumniate thosa
who emulate our glorious example.
But Texas, for causes - deemed- righteous by her,
not only declared and achieved her independence,
but has ever since maintained, and can ever main-
tain it. Her sovereignty has been recognised by
ourselves, and by the great commercial powers of
the earth, and treaties of intercourse and friendship
established between all. Mexico has failed in all her
efforts to subdue her, has practically long since
abandoned the attempt, and is notoriously incapable
of success. Has she a right forever to persist in a
naked claim, and thus defeat arrangements between
Texas and other powers deemed by them essential
to their welfare? Is there no limit to such preten-
sions? Sir, she openly declares that she will never
consent to.the independence of Texas' We, then,
ourselves, must decide, upon our responsibility, the
time at which we are justified in disregarding the
impediments of Mexico. That time is now. We
are ready, and Texas is willing, and who forbids
the union?
Sir, it is England and the whig party! On this
great measure, their opinions and their feelings are
Identical. In 1803, when Louisiana, Arkansas,
and Missouri were acquired by Jefferson, they
were equally in unison. The great leaders of fede-
ralism, then, as now, denounced it as disunion. In
1S12, the same sympathy prevailed. When Brit-
ish arms were defeated, whigs resolved that it was
unbecoming a moral and religious people to rejoice
at our victories. They have lately dismembered
Maine, and ceded to Great Britain a territory larger
than Vermont, and which that power is even now
fortifying against ourselves ! They have refused
to extend our jurisdiction and the protection of our
laws over Oregon; they refuse now to regain the
lost portion of the great valley of the Mississippi,
and seek to intimidate us with the alarm of war. !
They are overwhelmed with anxieties for the peace j
1 of the country, and forbode apprehensions of rum, !
while but recently their great leader invoked not '
only war, but pestilence and famine, and the whole
tram joined in the invocation, rather than that An-
drew ."Jackson should be President of the United
States!
Texas, sir, must be ours, Its acquisition is
identified with the great interests of the country.
It is constitutional. It can give no just grounds of
complaint to any of the nations of the earth, on
this continent or in Europe. How, then, shall it be
obtained?
Sir, in all our discussions, let us remember that
Texas herself is a party to this measure, coequal
with us. She must be consulted. We may dis-
pute about the terms, but the decision is only
our own. Let us remember, too, that we have
much to gain by annexation, while Texas can Qb-
tain little else than mere security against Mexico.
Though she even retain her lands, she surrenders
her import revenue, with all its destined income,
which would alone soon extinguish her debts.
Instead of a supplanting rival, she becomes
a competitor in the exchange of her staples on terms
of equality with us. Her public men sink from em-
inent positions as the founders of an empire, to the
level of State functionaries. Looking, as we ought
to do, at these considerations, what project of union
should we adopt? Sir, the provisions of the treaty
have been considered and acquiesced in by Texas;
and, in my judgment, they are wiser, as certainly
are they more beneficial to ourselves, than any other
plan yet devised. By this we receive her lands,
amounting at least to one hundred millions of acres;
treble that sum in value. We pay her debts as we
did the revolutionary debts of the old States, but not
to exceed ten millions. This arrangement not only
gives us a domain immeasurably more valuable than
the incumbrance we discharge, but brings Texas in
a position of entire harmony with all the new States
of the Union in respect to their territory, subjecting
all to the same judicious and uniform cystem of dis-
position. The western boundary is left open for
future adjustment. Provision is made for the ad-
mission of the territory into the Union as States
hereafter, under the authority of the constitution.
No questions of slavery are unnecessarily raised.
The plan is simple, divested of all extraneous in-
cumbrances, and having received the sanction
of Texas, commends itself to my favor. Now,
sir, in all other projects, you lose the public do-
main which ought to be yours. You lose the ad-
vantages of uniformity in the disposition of the
lands. You are embarrassed with the settlement of
premature questions of slavery. You know not
that Texas herself will sanction your plan. You
expose yourselves to the chances of rejeection.
And, sir, what is the objection to the provisions
of the treaty? Why this effort to substitute some-
thing variant from its stipulations? Sir, it is because
they are the stipulations of the treaty! The treaty
is called defunct. It is spoken of as odious. Sir,
the provisions of the treaty passed through the
searching criticism and investigation of the Senate,
and encountered the scrutiny of political hostility;
and yet, in all the denunciations poured out upon
it, its provisions were almost if not wholly unas-
sailed. Their wisdom was generally conceded. The
opposition planted itself chiefly upon general
grounds of objection to the measure of an-
nexation itself, or to its present expediency.
The treaty was rejected; and now gentlemen, for-
getting the facts, seem anxious to change not only
the form but the substance of the bosis of annexa-
tion, lest the adoption of the provisions of the trea-
ty should be deemed an imputation upon those who
thought it their duty, under the circumstances, to re-
ject it. Sir, nothing can be more unreasonable or
absurd. The people decided the question of imme-
diate annexation. It was that which was submitted
for their deliberations. Why then, since the ver-
dict is rendered, should the terms, which met lit-
tle or no opposition, be discarded? Sir, I am not
tenacious of this plan or of any other. Give us
one reasonable in itself, and acceptable to Texas,
and it shall have my cordial support. But I can
sanction none which Texas herself would have
reason to reject. Let the scheme declare, as the bill
of my colleague [Mr. Robinson] proposes, that
after forming one slave State, slavery shall be pro-
hibited in all the other States which the territory
may hereafter make, unless Congress shall other-
wise determine by law, and you drive Texas into
indignant rejection. You make a fundamental pro-
vision which, if adopted, would be an unfailing
source of agitation, of contention, perhaps of dis-
union itself. The spirit of political abolitionism
would rejoice in triumph. It would hold a power
over the action of some members of Congress here-
after, whose faces it would knead into dough. You
would effectually imprison the slave race within
those prescribed limits of the Union, close the drain
and the outlet to Mexico, and most surely perpetu-
ate the existence of slavery, under the pretence of
extending the area of freedom. Sir, with the ex-
pression of these views, I submit, anxious to carry
out, in a form the simplest and the most satisfac-
tory, the great object of immediate annexation.
That my vote will represent the opinions and feel-
ings of the democracy of my district, I have the
best reason to know. That it will accord with the
general sentiment of the democracy of the State of
New York and of the Union, I have as little reason
to doubt.
SPEECH OF MR. RHETT,
of south carolina,
In the House of Representatives, January 21, 1845—
On the propositions for the annexation of Texas
to the United States.
Mr. Chairman: It is told of the battle of San
Jacinto, that the Mexicans either fired their guns
before they came within effective distance, or aimed
generally at the Texian line; consequently, but little
execution was done. The Texians, on the contra-
ry, stood their ground; and in obedience to the
orders of their commander as he :passed along the
line, "shoot low, boys! low"—each taking a partic-
ular aim, gave with their rifles one, and but one,
deadly fire. The victory was won. Sir, I would
fain, in this second battle of San Jacinto, now waged
upon this floor, imitate the Texas heroes; and in the
little I have to say, speak directly to the vital points
of the great measure before you.
And, in the first place, I shall say nothing about
Texas debts. This is smoke—Mexican smoke, at
which I shall not aim. I propose to leave Texas
her debts with her lands—an arrangement which
she, at least, will not oppose. Nor shall I deal with
war and the horrors of war. This too, is Mexican
smoke, at which I shall not aim. The proposition
which I intend to debate, is that brought forward
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Brown.]
It admits Texas as a State into the Union—leaves
her her debts and her lands—adopts the Missouri
compromise as the boundary between the free and
the slave States, and provides for a partition of the
Territory of Texas into four or five States. This is
the only proposition which can pass this House,
and the only one, therefore, worth debating. And
permit me, sir, here to pause, and to return to the
gentleman from Tennessee my sincere thanks
for the fair and honorable manner in which he
has brought forward his patriotic proposition.
It is the brightest occurrence for the South which
has here taken place, for the nine years that I have
been on this floor; for it tends to bring her people
together, and to restore to us our old position of in-
fluence and power, which of yore, in better days,
was ours. Our union is as necessary for our own
protection as for the stability and safety of our sys-
tem of government, and will itself be a glorious vic-
tory whenever it shall occur, though all else be lost.
Mr. Chairman, I admit, in the outset of my re-
marks, the principle laid down by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,] that those
who maintain the constitutionality of admitting Tex-
as into the Union are bound to show it. This gov-
ernment is a government of special grants, and there-
fore of limited powers; and all presumptions should
be against any important power claimed to belong
to it. We, who profess to be State-rights men, and
main the affirmative, must show it, either by the au-
thority of a plain grant in the constitution, or as a
"proper and necessary means" to carry out a power
plainly granted. In such a government as ours, the
power is always the first consideration, in all great
measures of legislation. Expediency may aid, but
can never be the primary consideration; for it is as
often a plea for tyranny as for freedom. What says
the constitution—not what ought it to say—is the
first great inquiry. I shall therefore first consider
the power of annexing Texas to the Union, before
I turn to any arguments of expediency.
If I have correctly understood the objections
urged in this debate, they may all be analyzed into
two.
First. That to annex a new State to the Union is
either a treaty, or such a foreign matter, in the pur-
chase of territory, as can alone be effected through
the treaty-making power.
Second. That a foreign State cannot be admit-
ted into the Union by any power in the constitu-
tion.
These are the two propositions we are to over-
throw.
To meet the question of power, we first lay our
hands on the plain grant of the constitution, "Con-
gress may admit new States into the Union." Her
