146
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3m. 1846.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas■—Mr. Caldwell.
H. of Reps.
first place, because it is not final. It is but one of the
steps in a course of progress. This Union, it is pro-
proposed, shall be enlarged—new States in the
South, West, and North, shall be added to this
Union. The question is, shall this policy of prog-
ress and expansion still go on, or shall it here stop?
It won't do for gentlemen to hold to the policy of en-
largement and expansion on their sides of the Union,
but practice restriction on ours. This will not do.
They know that it will be death to the Union,
or death to any further progression and expansion.
And in this great question of the enlargement of the
Union, is the South alone or peculiarly interested?
No, sir. It is most important to those who will
gain most by the enlargement of the Union—most
in population, strength, and political power. Add
Texas or any other territory to the South, and can
she rule the confederacy? Arrest this policy, and,
in fifty years, which section of the Union, the free
or the slave States, will have lost more power, more
States? You of the North and West—to you the
empire of this Union belongs—to you the population
ana the dominion of this continent. Over what an
extent of territory our Union and our government
may safely extend, I know not; but with the
mighty achievements in arts and sciences already
won, annihilating distances, and bringing remote
nations and tribes into intercommunication and
neighborhood, I will not pretend to limit it. Our
constitution, in the political world, may stand forth
like our mighty mountains, looking over a conti-
nent in their vast and majestic grandeur. But for
you of the North and West is the empire and the
glory of expanding our Union. We of the South
may participate, but we will not rule the mighty
progress. But we must participate m it; wc must
too advance, or we must be destroyed by its march.
We say, onward let us go, in fulfilling the mighty
destiny for which Providence seems to have cast us
on this continent. Will you dare stop?
But the annexation of Texas is not sectional in
another respect—in its bearing on two great con-
stitutional guaranties—to "provide for the common
defencc," and to '-secure domestic tranquillity."
Is not a maintenance of the constitution, in any of
its guaranties, an affair of all sections of the Union?
Is not the defence of the South a part of the "com-
mon defence?" And who doubts that the South,
and the institutions of the South, when assailed and
jeoparded by a foreign nation and internal foes, have
a right to the guaranty of a "common defence?"
To "secure domestic tranquillity !" Mark, sir, the
phrase. It is not the general ox internal tranquillity
—but "domestic tranquillity"—the peace of the
house, the home, the fire-hearth. And can it be
that this tranquillity, which the constitution was
established to secure, without which there can be
no peace or happiness in the only sanctuary
where peace and happiness can exist, needs this
guaranty of the constitution? Let the agitations
for the last ten years on this floor answer. Let
your organized associations at the North and West,
m league with our ancient foe, daily striking at our
institutions, answer. Let this very debate, m which
slavery—slavery—slavery—falling from the lips of
every opponent of this measure, in bitter denuncia-
tions, answer. You content with the constitution;
You ready and willing to support its guaranties of
our institutions as they exist? It is only -their ex-
tension or predominance you oppose! Sir, all this
may be a very innocent self-deception; but to over-
throw the constitution, faithlessly assail the South,
and wrest from us our "domestic tranquillity," has
been for years the systematic, unwearied policy of
the North, through every government, State, feder-
al, or foreign, they could influence or control. You,
by your faithless and iniquitous agitations on this
floor, and elsewhere, have given rise to this very
question. A few years since, the South, from
obvious motives of interest, was indifferent to the
annexation of Texas to the Union; and although I
suppose they would, at any time, have gone for her
annexation as a great national measure, they had no
deep enthusiasm in its favor. But you have dis-
turbed our "domestic tranquillity." You have ren-
dered Texas, in the southern mind, necessary to in-
sure it; and now, after creating the necessity for her
annexation, will you deny us the acquisition? Will
BOthiug satisfy you but the catastrophe the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Dellet] depicted so forci-
bly to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams,] over which he passionately exclaimed:
'"let it come—let it come!" And should it come,
with all its crimes, and blood, and horrors, you can- I
not say, like Macbeth to the ghost of the murdered
Banquo:
 "Never shake thy gory locks at me;
Thou can'st not say I did it.'5
You—you will have done it; and before high Hea-
ven its terrible responsibility will be yours. Here
on this floor, instead of that peace, sympathy, and
support which the constitution entitled us to receive,
you have labored to instigate hatred, insurrection,
and violence. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Hardin] sees the true motives which are urging on
this question in the South. He acknowledged that
a sense of insecurity, resulting from movements
here, had given it its resistless potency. But then
he charged that the South was responsible for these
agitations, because, for political effect, they had dis-
puted the right of petition. The South, sir, insti-
gate these agitations, by which their property, and
their peace, and the very existence of all that is
dear to the human heart—country, home, family—
are periled? We, the weaker party, who have
everything to lose, assail the stronger party, who
have the power to gain everything; and that,
too, on a matter which is exclusively our own!
"The gentleman, when making such charges,
could only have intended to give a new elucida-
tion of the fable of the lamb and the wolf. We
have disturbed his water—that is all. His right
of petition! Why, does he not know that the
whole agitation, by abolition petitions in Con-
gress, originated in a committee room in the
House of Commons in England? There the ques-
tion was put to a witness before a Parliamentary
committee in 1833, what would be the effect on the
slave institutions of the South, should the subject of
slavery be urged by petitions, and be discussed and
agitated on the floor of Congress. Immediately the
hint was taken; and petitions, new in character and
violence, at the succeeding session of Congress,
were poured into the House from the North. The
southern men saw that the state of things was
changed; and they determined to meet them. They
denied the jurisdiction of Congress over the subject
of their institutions; and consequently that the sub-
ject could be constitutionally entertained, by re-
ceiving or referring abolition petitions. And he who
has aided, on this floor, this insidious movement of
a foreign nation, to overthrow the Union or destroy
the South—he now rises in his seat and charges the
South with instigating those traitorous assaults
against their peace and the constitution. Sir, no
one will believe such allegations, if the gentleman
himself believes them. The South has been wan-
tonly wronged, insulted, and betrayed. And now,
when her alarms have been awakened, will you re-
fuse to queit them? When her domestic tranquillity
has been invaded by you, will you refuse to restore
it to her? The fate of the measure before us will an-
swer these questions.
Indeed, sir, the construction of the constitu-
tion seems to be moving in harmony with the
conduct of gentlemen. The member from Ver-
mont [Mr. Marsh] openly declared, that in his
opinion, all the guaranties of the constitution, with
respect to our institutions, were abolished; and his
reasoning, if I understood it, is fully worthy of his
conclusion. The constitution expressly excepts from
amendments, for twenty years, those clauses author-
izing the slave trade until ] 808, and providing that
"no capitation or other tax shall be laid, unless in
proportion to the census or enumeration herein be-
fore directed to be taken." This proportion in the
census for -representatives, includes three-fifths of
our slaves. The argument of the gentleman is, that
because, after twenty years, the constitution could be
amended, in laying a "capitation or other tax in pro-
portion to the census or enumeration prescribed by
the constitution, therefore, although the con-
stitution is not amended, the guaranties it confers as
to slavery and slave representation do not exist. By
the same process of reasoning, he ought to have up-
set the whole constitution, wlneh I suppose he has,
in its effects on him. Why, sir, it seems to be tri-
fling, not arguing, to urge, that because n constitu-
tion is amendable, it is void. On the contrary, to
be amendable implies that it exists. Even the
three-fifths representation for our slaves, no one
doubts, is, constitutionally speaking, amendable; but
it is very like the right of a man to cut down the
roof tree of his house. He can cut it down, but it
will overwhelm himself and his family in its ruins.
So of this compromise of the constitution, in the
representation on this floor. Does any man in this
House or out of it—in Massachusetts, or ■ in the
whole world—believe that it is practicable, consist-
ent with the existence of the constitution or the
Union, to abolish, by any amendment of the constitu-
tion, the southern representation on this floor? Np
sir. No one believes any such thing. The proposi-
tion was only a partof that system of agitation, whose
object is to break the Union or destroy the South?
We understand it; and, I think, all such arguments
as that I have just noticed from the gentleman from
Vermont, are equally intelligible. Their absurdity
is their greatest meaning.
But this is a great struggle for sectional power
between the North and the South. So gentlemen
have argued; and if we may judge from their appa-
rent vehemence, we might be induced 'to believe
that the most serious apprehensions of being over-
whelmed by the South alarmed their bosoms. Sir,
look to the change of power in the two sections
since the formation of the Union. Is the South in
her first relative position of power? Far from it.
Every census has added to the power of the non-
slaveholding States, and diminished that of the
South. We are growing weaker, and they stronger,
every day. I ask you, is it the spirit of the consti-
tution to strengthen the strong against the weak?
What are all its checks and balances of power, but
to protect the weak and restrain the strong? The
very object of a constitution, in all free govern-
ments, is to restrain power. The weak only can be
oppressed; the strong only can oppress. If this
measure, therefore, will tend to strengthen the
weaker interest in the Union, it will be moving in
strict accordance with the whole spirit of the consti-
tution. What has been the whole tendency of this
government, but to be wielded by the majority for
sectional aggrandizement, in defiance of the limita-
tions of the constitution and the rights of the mi-
nority? Sir, what is unchecked power but a des-
potism?
[Here the Speaker's hammer fell, the allotted
hour having transpired.]
SPEECH OF MR. CALDWELL,
OF KENTUCKY.
hi the House of Representatives, January 21, 1845-—
In Committee of the Whole, on the bill for the
admission of Texas into the Union.
Mr. CALDWELL addressed the committee as
follows :
Mr. Chairman: I have but little hope that I shall
be able, at this late period of the debate, to say any-
thing that is new, or likely much to interest the
House on the subject now before it.
I recollect that during the course of the discussion,
a gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop]
remar'red that the question before the House was one
of such vast magnitude, that he could scarcely realize
that he was actually debating it. I concur fully
with that gentleman in ascribing to the question all
the importance he attaches to it; but the difficulty
with me is in realizing that any considerable portion
of the House should be found really opposing the
measure. We present to the world an astonishing
i spectacle. We have the offer of such a boon as no
nation on earth ever before had—an acquisition is
i tendered us, peaceably and without price, which
1 other nations would think cheaply bought at the
cost of "millions of treasure and rivers of blood."
And yet we. are debating whether we will accept it!
All Christendom, I doubt not, will share with me
the astor.is-hment produced by this extraordinary
fact. The enlightened and the good of all nations
must be incredulous when they hear that serious re-
sistance is made by American statesmen to a meas-
ure so fraught with blessings to our country, and so
essential to her prosperity, her security, and her
glory. When the party strife which has unfortu-
nately given birth to this opposition shall have died
sway, and the circumstances which gave it influence
and character be forgotten, and the page of impartial
history shall attest it as an isolated fact in our nation-
al annals, certainly so curious a tale must fall upon
the incredulous ear of posterity with amazement,
if it does not challenge actual disbelief.
I propose, before entering into any notice of the
objections which have been urged to this measure,
to state briefly that Texas was once all our own,
with all her rich and fertile plains, and all her
mighty rivers. But we have lost that part of our
domain. The great valley of the Mississippi has
been dismembered—Jier mighty tributaries have
been mutilated; and that which nature designed for
one empire—the abode of one people, leauged in one
common cause, bound by one common interest, in-
volved in one common destiny—has been ruthlessly
