Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSS.
147
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Caldwell.
H. of Reps.
torn into separate States, with rival and conflicting
interests, with the certainty of bickerings and bor-
der strife, detrimental alike to both, so long as this
unnatural separation continues.
By the treaty of 1803, made by Mr. Jefferson,
with France, for the purchase of Louisiana, we ac-
quired an undisputed right to the Territory of Tex-
as; but by the treaty of 1819, made with Spain,
(by Mr. John G , Adams, as the secretary of Mr.
Monroe,) for "the acquisition of Florida, we lost that
right. This acknowledgement I make with feelings
of deep mortification: still, it is no part of my duty
or purpose now to cast censure on any who were
engaged in making that miserable treaty. The na-
tion has had that subject under consideration, and
upon it tire nation's verdict has been passed.
It is not left for me to prove that, by the treaty of
1803, for the purchase of Louisiana, we acquired a
right to Texas as a part of that Territory. It is
sufficient to declare that we have the concurrent au-
thority of Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, Pinckney,
Clay, Adams, Jackson, and all our distinguished
statesmen down to the present day, establishing the
position that Texas was as much ours by the treaty
of 1803 as was the island of New Orleans itself.
The commissioner of the French who delivered
lis possession of Louisiana, after the purchase, de-
clared that the Rio Grande was the southwestern
boundary of that territory; and our government ob-
tained orders from the Spanish authorities for the
surrender to us of all the military posts within the
territory of Texas. From 1803 to 1819, our gov-
ernment continually asserted her claim to Texas;
and uniformly, in the face of the whole world, de-
clared her unwavering purpose never to surrender
one acre of the soil, or one drop of all the rivers,
lakes, and springs, of a territory to which her title
was so clear and ir disputable. As late as the 2d of
June. ISIS, but a few months before the treaty of
1819 was made, Mr. John Q. Adams, then Secre-
tary of Slate under Mr. A4onroe, sent George Gra-
ham, the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
to Texas, in quest of certain persons who it was
supposed had gone there as adventurers, to favor,
perhaps, some ambitious scheme of the brother of
the Emperor Napoleon. In his letter of instruction
to Mr. Graham, Mr. Adams directed him to go to
Galveston; and should the party have left there, he
is directed to go to "Matagorda, or any other place
north of the Rio Bravo, and within the territory
claimed by the United States;'' and to express to
the leader of the expedition "the surprise with
which the President has seen possession thus taken,
without authority from the United States, of a place
within their territori".! limits, and upon which no
lawful settlement can be made without their sanc-
tion.'' He is further directed to give due warning
to the whole party "that the place is within the
United States, who will suffer no permanent settle-
ment to be made there under any authority other
than their own.''
Tiie settlements then which were made in Texas
from 1803 to 1819 were made by citizens of the
United States, within the territory, and upon the
soil of the United States. They had a right to the
protection of our laws and our flag, for they were
a part of our own family, lawfully occupying a
part of our own domain. They had settled there,
relying on the faith of the United States,
pledged to France and to Texas by the treaty
of 1803. The treaty of 1803, adopted the in-
habitants of Texas at that time, as citizens of
the United States; and thus it appears that in
1819, the whole population of Texas, amounting
according to the best estimates we have to 12,000,
were actually dozens of the United States, and en-
titled, as such, to a sacred compliance on our part,
with all the stipulations and guaranties of the treaty
of 1803. We had no right to expatriate them; we
had no right to abandon them, and without their con-
sent, to sell them into colonial bondage. I will read an
extract from that treaty, for the purpose of showing
what were the obligations imposed upon us by its
terms:
"Thf inhabitant* of the ceded territory shall be incorpo-
rated into the union of thp United States, and admitted ss
soon as possible. according to the principles of the federal
constitution, to the enjoyment ot all the rights, advan-
tages, i.ii t immunities of citizens of the United States, and,
in the mean „time, shall be protected in the free enjoyment
of their liberty, property, and the religion which they pro-
fess.'*
Here was the stipulation by which Texas had a
right as soon as her population would justify it, to
demand admission as a State into this Union, and
until that period to claim from us protection in the
free en joyment of their liberty, property, and the re-
ligion which they professed. The binding efficacy of a
treaty by which our national faith was so irrevoca-
bly pledged, was most sacredly observed by every
department of our government till the fbrmation of
the treaty of 1819 with Spain. By that it was vio-
lated. fey that treaty we severed the ties of
kindred and of blood, and trampled in the
dust all the sacred obligations of humanity
and of treaty faith. We sold into bondage, to a ty-
rant and a despot, a part of our own family, whom
we were, bound, by all that is dear to freemen, to
love and protect. "We consigned them, so far as our
act would go, without their consent, and with no
fault imputed to them, to the most hateful and per-
petual despotism.
I would ask gentlemen who profess so high a re-
gard for treaty faith, how they can sanction this
abandonment, this selling like cattle in the market,
the very people whom we were bound by the treaty
of 1803 to protect'
But, sir, although I admit that, by the treaty with
Spain, we lost our title to Texas, it remains to be
seen whether Spain acquired any title by the cession.
I assert here that Spain never did, tinder thai treaty,
acquire any title to Texas; and that Mexico never
had any right, authority, or jurisdiction over Tex-
as, except that which Texas herself surrendered
when she joined the Mexican confederation, as a
free and independent State, under the constitution of
1824.
Texas has been a free and sovereign State ever
since we abandoned her in 1819. I will refer gen-
tlemen on the other side to high and indisputable au-
thority.
It is one of the fundamental doctrines of our own
declaration of independence—the very principle that
hallo wed our sacred revolution—that cill legitimate gov-
ernments must be based upon the consent of the govern-
ed. If this doctrine be true, (and certainly American
citizens will not deny it,) the first inquiry is, Did
the citizens of Texas ever consent to our attempted
transfer of them to Spain? No, sir. The indomita-
kle love of freedom, which nerved the arms and
burned in the bosoms of their ancestors at Bunker
Hill and atYorktown, was the priceless inheritance
of their sons in Texas. When the poisoned cup
was presented to them by the treaty of 1819, they
spurned it from their lips as unworthy of the de-
scendants of freemen.
Liberty was their rightful heritage; and, true to the
blood of their fathers, liberty or extermination
were the only alternatives to which they would lis-
ten. Within four months after the treaty of 1819
was formed—on the 23d of June, in that year—the
citizens of Texas called a convention at Nacogdo-
ches, and made to the world a solemn declaration, or
protest, from which I beg leave to read a few ex-
trcts:
"The citizens of Texas having long indulged the hope
that, in the adjustment of the boundaries of the Spanish
possessions in America, arid of the territories of the United
States, they should be included within the limits of the lat-
ter. The claims of the United States, long and strenuously
urged, encouraged the hope.
* & '■£ * %
"The recent treaty between Spain and the United States
of America has dissipated an illusion too long fondly cher-
ished, and has roused the citizens of Texas from the torpor
into which a fancied security had lulled them. They have
seen themselves, by a convention to which they were no
pdrty, liteially abandoned to the dominion of the crown of
Spain, and left a prey not only to impositions already intol-
erable, but to all those exactions which Spanish rapacity is
fertile in devising.
"The citizens of Texas would have proved them-
selves unworthy of the age in which they live—un-
worthy of their ancestry of the kindred republics of the
American continent—could they have hesitated, in this
emergency, as to what course to pursue. Spurning the fet-
ters of colonial vassalage—disdaining to submit to thp most
atrocious despotism that ever disgraced the annals of Eu-
rope —they have resolved, under the blessing of God. to be
free."
And, from that moment, they were free, by ail
that is held sacred in our own glorious revolu-
tion.
From 1819 to 1824, Mexico presented a contin-
ued scene of revolution and bloodshed—blending on
the same page of her history the sublime tale of her
war for independence, with the sickening story of
intestine strife and civil war.
During this period, it is true that Texas was some-
times invaded by hostile troops, claiming to exact
from her submission as a colony; but these inva-
ders were uniformly met with the arguments of
war; their demands were uniformly answered by a
prompt denial, and a resistance to the very death of
all Spanish dominion. Sir, Texas never did sub-
mit, never was subjected by Spanish arms after her
declaration of separate independence in 1819.
If Spain acquired any claim to Texas by the treaty
of 1819, it was imperfect without the consent of tho
Texians, either voluntarily given, or extorted by
force. In neither way was this consent obtained,
and Spain lost whatever claim she had by abandon-
ing it.
Mexico acquired her right to independence by
successful revolution; but, previously to 1824, what
claim or right had she to Texas? None whatever,
Texas constituted no part of the province of Mexi-
co which was severed from Spain by the Mexican
revolution. It was a part of Louisiana, and was
entitled to its own separate independence. She nev-
er consented to be governed either by Snnin or Mexi-
co, nor was she ever c.onqueied and subjected by
either Spanish or Mexican arms. Ti'l 1824 she
valiantly and successfully maintained her own sep-
arate independence of all the world. In 1824, after
the overthrow of Iturbide, who had attempted to
establish a despotism in Mexico, and make himself
its monarch, the Mexican States formed a constitu-
tion, similar in all respects to our own, by which
the free Mexican States were confederated together
as one national government for purely national pur-
poses, leaving, as our constitution does, all local
sovereignty to the several States respectively, Tex-
as voluntarily joined this confederacy of free and
separate States; and here is the commencement, and
these the terms of all legitimate and binding connec-
tion between Texas and Mexico. Not having a
sufficient population to enter the confederacy as an
entire State, she united with Coahuila, and the two
were admitted as one State, with an express provision
that, so soon as the amount of population would
justify it, Texas should be admitted as an entire and
separate member of the confederacy. The first and
second articles of the constitution of the Slate of
Coahuila and Texas (for this was the title of the State)
were as follows:
"Article 1. The State of Coahuila and Texas consists in
the union of all its inhabitants.
"3, It is free and independent of the other United Mexi-
can States, and of every other foreign power and domin-
ion.''—KmntAifs Tex. vol. 2 .tp-p. Xa. 11, p. 4-io.
By the very terms of this State constitution under
which Texas was received into the Mexican con-
federacy, she asserts her freedom and independence
of the other united Mexican States. How can it be.
asserted, then, that Texas ever belonged to Mexico;
Only as Massachusetts, or any other of the original
thirteen, belongs to this Union, by virtue of a wnt-
ten constitution deriving its authority from the con-
sent of the States adopting it.
But, sir, the union thus formed between Texas
and Mexico has been severed, and it remains for an
enlightened world to determine which of them lias
violated the compact of union, and what are the
rights and duties of each since the separation.
After the adoption of the constitution of 1824 by
the Mexican States, we look to her history in vain
for that prosperity, peace, and order, which every
lover of liberty would hope for Mexico still con-
tinued the theatre of ambitious intrigues for power,
of intestine violence and domestic wars. In the,
very infancy of the republic there was little but the
forms of the constitution left to the people. The
substance and spirit of that instrument had yielded
to the power of military usurpation. The overthrow
of one usurper only made room for the rapid suc-
cession of another, more daring and contemptuous of
the constitutional rights of the people. Still these
wrongs were borne as well as they could be, under the
hope that they would ultimately cease, and that the
States might yet enjoy the blessings promised by
the establishment of a free confederated government.
In June, 1832, the people of Texas were harassed
by bodies of armed troops stationed at different
points within their borders by the tyrant Busta-
mente, under the pretence of aiding the revenue ofil
cers. The real object of this outrage was to harass
the citizens, and subdue that indomitable love
of liberty in the Texians, which resisted and de-
nounced the usurpation of the tyrant, and the dan-
ger that was threatened to the constitution.
If the Texians had submitted to this, the fact
would have been at war with every incident in the
history of that noble people. A meeting was called
near Brazoria, and there it was resolved, nt all haz-
ards, to strike a blow for liberty and the constitu-
tion. A similar spirit, without conceit, fired the
bosoms of the patriots of Texas in every other nan
of their extended country. One simultaneous move-
ment was made by the people in every part of Tex-
