148
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLofiE.
Jan. 184&.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Jlnnexation of Texas—Mr. Caldwell.
H. of Reps.,
as where the troopsjwere quartered; and, in less
than one week from the time the first blow waa
struck, every'Mexican post in Texas was conquer-
ed and taken, and every Mexican soldier driven
from her soil. By this resistance to the unconstitu-
tional acts of a. tyrant, Texas did but reassert that
she never had surrendered, and never would surren
dejr, her liberty to Mexico or any other power.
In 1833, Texas, having, by a convention of her
people, formed the requisite separate constitution,
and her population being sufficient, sent her messen-
ger, Mr. Austin, to Mexico, to submit their new-
constitution to the national government, together
with a memorial, respectfully praying for the ad-
mission of Texas as a separate State, apart from
Coahuila, into the Mexican Union, in conformity
with the terms of the federal compact. Instead of
granting this request—instead of acknowledging
this right, secured to Texas by the constitution, as
one of the very terms upon which she joined the
Mexican confederacy,—her memorial was spurn d,
and her messenger insulted and thrown into prison.
This messenger was sent to bear the new constitu-
tion and the memorial of the citizens of Texas to
Mexico, under the belief that the recent triumph of
Santa Anna over the tyrant Bustamente was truly
the triumph of liberty. He had proclaimed himself
the champion of the people's rights and of the con-
stitution. As such, his standard was borne to the
battle-field; as such, he was cheered and sustained
by the shouts of the patriotic and the prayers of
the good; as such, he triumphed. The sequel shows
how sadly disappointed were all who looked to his
success with hopes for the republic.
In the beginning of 1834 Santa Anna threw off
the mask, and openly appeared as the champion of
the aristocracy and the church. The liberal Con-
gress was dissolved by force, when the term of its
election had but half expired. To save appearances,
a new election was ordered, and the military was
posted to overawe the suffrages and procure the re-
turn of the creatures of the executive.
Then commenced the overthrow of the last ves-
tiges of popular government in Mexico. One by
one the Mexican States were overthrown and sub-
dued by Santa Anna, till the bloody drama of Zaca-
tecas terminated all opposition to the usurper in the
old Mexican States. The constitution was destroy-
«d; the government overthrown; and, on the 5th of
October, 1835, a military central despotism was
erected by Santa Anna on its ruins, and he was pro-
claimed the dictator of the republic of Mexico.
Texas alone continued to give the banner of the
constitution to the breeze; she alone remained un-
conquered and free. Seeing that all her sister re-
publics had been conquered, that the constitution
had been destroyed—that an invasion of her terri-
tory was actually in preparation by the tyrant,
whose sword was still dripping with the blood of
his unoffending countrymen, Texas could not, she
did not, hesitate what course to pursue. Her people
flew to arms for the preservation of their liberties.
She called upon the older States of the confederacy
to rally under the banner of the constitution, and
freely, nobly offered her "support and assistance to
such of the members of the Mexican confederacy,
as would take up arms against military despotism."
Her voicc was unheeded by her sisters, and she
was left alone to fight the battle of freedom. She
was invaded by the armies of Santa Anna. The
citizens rallied to the defence of their country, and
in December, 1835, the whole Mexican army, with
their commander, Gen. Cos was defeated and cap-
tured. Thus again did the brave Texians drive
every hostile foot from their soil.
In the articles of capitulation made with Gen.
Cos, it was stipulated—■
"That General Cos and liis officers retire, with their arms
and private property, into the interior of the republic, under
parole of honor that they will not, in any way, oppose the
re-establishment ot the federal constitution of IS'24 "
So far from having revolted from a lawful govern-
ment, she has taken up arms and freely poured out
her blood to sustain and establish the constitution
which Santa Anna had overthrown.
Still Santa Anna persisted in his determination to
conquer Texas, and early in the year 1836 the ty-
rant himself, at the head of 8,000 men, entered Tex-
as, openly avowing his determination to subject to
indiscriminate slaughter all who should resist his
authority. In the mean time the people of Texas,
on the 2d of March, 1836, by their delegates, as-
sembled in convention at Washington, declared
their indepedence. How sublime is the spectacle
^hich the young State of Texas presents to the
world at this trying period of her history ! On the
one hand an invading army, powerful, disciplined,
and well provided with all the sinews of war; com-
manded by an experienced general, whom his flat-
terers had called the Napoleon of America, ram-
pant with victory and burning for conquest; on
the other, an infant State, thinly populated, without
money, arms, or soldiery—with nothing to stay the
ruthless invader, and protect their freedom, except
the indomitable will, the unconquerable purpose not
to be enslaved.
It was at a period like this, when hostile bayonets
were bristling within her borders, and the deep-
toned roar of the enemy's cannon proclaimed the
approach of Santa Anna at the head of his victo-
rious and relentless army, that the people of Texas,
nerved by the justice of their cause, unterrificd,
calm, and self-poised, proclaimed their glorious dec-
laration of independence and appealed to the Su-
preme Arbiter of the destiny of nations. The fol-
lowing is an extract from that declaration:
"We, therefore, the delegates, with plenary powers of the
people of Texas, in solemn convention assembled, appealing
to a candid world for the necessities of our condition, do
hereby resolve and declare that our political connection
with the Mexican nation has forever ended; and that the peo-
ple of Texas do now constitute a FREE, SOVEREIGN,
AND INDEPENDENT REPUBLIC, and are fully invested
with all the rights and attributes which properly belong to
independentnations; and, conscious of the rectitude of our
intentions, we fearlessly and confidently submit the issue to
the supreme arbiter of the destinies of nations."
I need not dwell upon the subsequent events of
the history of Texian revolution. They are famil-
iar to us all. For a short time Santa Anna seemed
irresistible. His victorious arms were stained
with atrocities and cruelty that would have melted
Atilla, the scourge of nations, to compassion. Who
can read the cola blooded massacre of his four hun-
dred prisoners of war at Goliad, the detachment of
the noble Fannin, without visiting upon its savage
author his deepest execrations? This dctachment
surrendered, after a hard fought field, under stipula-
tions agreed upon and signed by the officers o'f both
armies that they should be "received and treated as
prisoners of war according to the usages of civilized
nations," and that "they should receive every torn-
fort, and be fed as well as the Mexican soldiery."
Sir, I will not undertake to discribe the heartrend-
ing scene that followed. I will not undertake to
characterize the perfidity, the fiendish cruelty of this
more than barbarian victor. I will merely ask the
indulgence of the House while I read an extract
from a letter of a Mexican officer who seems to
have been an unwilling intrumcntin the massacre of
this ill fated detachment:
"This day—-Palm Sunday, March 27th- has been to me a
day of most heartfelt sorrow. At sN in the morning the
execution of four hundred and twelve American prisoners
was commenced, and continued till eight, when the last of
the number was shot. At eleven commenced the operation
of burning their bodies. But what an awful scene did the
field present when the prisoners were executed, and fell
dead m heaps' And what spectator could view it without
horror! They were all young—the oldest not more than
thirty—and of fine florid complexions. When the unfortu-
nate youths were brought to the place of death, their lamen-
tations, and the appeals which they uttered to Heaven in
their own language, with extended arms, kneeling or pros-
trate on the earth, were such as might have caused the
very stones to cry out in compassion.5*—Paw's History of
Texas, page :i39.
The war still raged on, till, on the field of San
Jacinto, on the 21st of April, 1836, the little Texian
army, by an achievement unsurpassed in splendor
by any of ancient or of modern times, conquered
and captured Santa Anna and his army. This glo-
rious victory placed the flag of Texas forever above
the reach of tyrants. It was declared by the Senate
of the United States, in a resolution introdussd by
Mr. Clay on the 18th of June, 1836, ts be "decisive
of the independence of Texas."
By this victory, I have said, Santa Anna himself,
the commander-in-chief of the Mexican army, and
dictator of the republic of Mexico, was taken pris-
oner. Should not his forfeited life have paid the
penalty of his crimes' Rather than trust my own
feelings with the decision of the question, I will
quote the following passage from Vattel:
"There is, however, one case in which we may refuse to
spare the life of an enemy who surrenders. It is when that
enemy has been guilty of some enormous breach of the law
of nations; and particularly when he has violated the laws
of war. This refusal of quarter is no natural consequence
ot the war, but a punishment for his crime—a punishment
which the injured party has a right to inflict."—Book 3,
chap. 8, sec. 141.
But Santa Anna begged for his cruel and coward-
ly life; and it was spared by his brave and generous
conquerors. On the 14th of May, 183G, Santa
Anna, then the dictator of Mexico, acknowledged
by treaty, in the most solemn form, "the full, en-
tire, and perfect independence of the republic of
Texas." By this treaty his life was spared; and
that part of his army commanded by General
Filisola, four thousand in number,, which was
completely in .the power of the Texians
was permitted to return in peace to -Mexico. Since
that period the independence of Texas has been
solemnly acknowledged by the United States and by
England, France, Holland and Belgium. For nine
years has she maintained that' independence since
her connection with Mexico was dissolved, -with a
government infinitely more stable, permanent, and
enlightened than the government of Mexico ever
was.
If there are any so hardy, after this brief review
of the history of Texas, as to assert that Spain ac-
quired any title to Texas by the treaty of 1819, or
that Mexico ever had any claim to her except such
a claim as the government of the United States has
by virture of the constitution to Massachusetts, or
any other of our free and sovereign States, they
must deny the doctrine of our declaration of inde-
pendence, that "all legitimate governments are based
upon the consent of the governed." To deny that
she is now rightfully absolved from all connection
with Mexico under the constitution, would be 'to
assert the monstrous doctrine that if a military
despot should destroy our government, trample our
constitution in the dust, and establish upon its ruins
here at Washington, by the sword, a central despo-
tism—himself the dictator—Massachusetts, and the
other free States of this Union, would be bound
by his will, and would have no right to resist it.
Let me ask the gentleman from Massachusetts what
the Old Bay State would do in a. case like this?
What would the Old Dominion do? What would
any and all of our States do' They would do as
Texas has done. Resist! resist the tyrant! Ay, to the
very death would they resist his treason! And
God grant that if ever such an alternative is pre-
sented, they may be as successful in their re-
sistance as has been the young republic of Texas.
Sir, she is free!—free by all that is sacred in our
own glorious struggle for liberty! That Americans
should deny it, is disgraceful and absurd. She is
not only of right free, but she has achieved and
maintained her freedom by the noblest patriotism
and the most undaunted valor. And yet we are
told that to admit Texas into the Union is "rob-
bery"—that we are robbing Mexico. If gentlemen
who talk about robbing Mexico had lived in the
glorious days of our revolution, the universal joy
which pervaded the country at the result of the
battle ofYorktown might perhaps have been marred
by the hoarse croaking of "robbery" of England of
her fair possessions.
Having thus established that Texas is free and
soveicign, and fully capable of contracting for her-
self, as a nation, independent of all the powers on
the globe, I shall proceed to the inquiry whether
we should admit her as a State into this Union. I
might close the argument here, by again referring
to the clause in the treaty of 1803, by which we
bound ourselves to admit her upon a proper appli-
cation, and at a proper time. That time has come.
She now most earnestly entreats us to comply with
the bargain. The difficulty presented by our own
bad faith in the treaty with Spain, has been removed
by Texas herself. The jewel which we threw so
lightly away, has been reclaimed by the bravery of
her sons; and most magnanimously does she offer
to restore it. She says to us, although you have
forfeited your title to our lands, our rivers, our
commerce, our vast resources, we bring them all
back, redeemed by the valor, the patriotism, the
virtue of our sons—make them a free offering, and
in return only ask that you will comply with your
stipulations wifli France and with us, and permit
the;"lone star" to nestle amid the folds of your glo-
rious flag. Can we refuse? Dare we, upon princi-
ples of justice to Texas, and of self-interest, be
guilty of the injustice, the folly, of rejecting her?
When the prodigal son, who had voluntarily
abandoned his father's house and wasted his living,
returned with repentance, the fatted calf was killed,
and he was welcomed with joy to the paternal man-
sion. Here is the return of one who did not volun-
tarily depart, but was driven from us, penniless and
without the means of support, bringing back a rich
estate, won nobly and without dishonor, and offer-
ing to surrender it all to be restored to favor. Sir,
if the application is unsuccessful here, I warn gen-
tlemen that an appeal will be taken whereat cannot
