Ja . 1845,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Caldwell.
H. of Reps.
fail—before the great tribunal of the American peo-
ple.
It is objected that we have no constitutional war-
rant for this proceeding. That question has al-
ready been so ably argued that 1 need not enter up-
on a minute examination of it. "When it was pro-
posed to reannex Texas by treaty, it was denounced
as an unwarranted and mischievous usurpation of
power by an "accidental," ambitious, irresponsible
President, and that it would be a declaration of war
against Mexico; and that the President had no pow-
er to declare war. In my simplicty, I did suppose
that these objections, however groundless, were at
least honestly made. But now, when we come
forward and obviate these objections by proposing
that Congress shall, by act or resolution, admit
Texas as a State into the Union, it is urged by the
same party that Congress cannot do it, because
Congress cannot make a treaty. The federal party
seem, for once, to be stricken with a ^sudden alarm
for the safety of the doctrine of strict construction.
This is truly a strange state of things. A great
and growing nation, wishing to extend her domain,
to enlarge the area of freedom, to reclaim a part of
her lost territory that would furnish homes and
wealth to twenty millions of her people, to procure
for herself a boundary that will give more security
to her present exposed and defenceless frontier than
armies, fleets, and military posts; and yet, we are
told that we have no power to do it—that the Presi-
dent and Senate cannot do it by treaty, and that Con-
gress cannot do it by law. If the general govern-
ment has not the power, where is it? It is an attri-
bute of sovereignty that certainly is not annihilated.
JN'o, sir; it cannot be lost: it either remains with the
State sovereignties or is vested by the constitution in
the general government. The difficulty is easily
solved by recurring to first principles and examining
the nature and objects of our different govern-
ments.
Mr. Madison, who acted so prominent a part in
the formation and adoption of our constitution, says,
in the 4oth No. of the Federalist, p. 292:
"The powers delegated by the proposed constitution to
the federal government Are lew and defined. Those which
are to remain in the Slate governments are numerous and
indefinite. The former will be exercised principally on ex-
ternal objects, as war. peace, negotiation, and foreign com-
merce; w ith which last the power of taxation will for the
most part, be connected. The powers reserved to the seve-
ral States will extend to all the objects which, in the ordina-
ry course of affairs concern the lives, liberties, and proper-
ties of the people, and the internal order, improvement
ftr.d prosperity of the State "
Here, then, the powers of the two governments
are defined by a contemporaneous writer whose au-
thority is acknowledged by all parties, and who tells
us that the pnvJrs reserved by the States relate to ob-
jects which, in the ordinary course of affairs, concern
the lives, liberties, and properties of the people, and the
internal order, improvement, and prosperity of the State.
This power of reannexing Texas, in any mode you
please, certainly cannot be embraced among the
powers intended to be reserved to the States, be-
cause it relates not to internal but to external affairs.
If any further argument were necessary to show that
it is not one of the reserved powers of the States, I
would refer the committee to that clause in the con-
stitution which prohibits any State, without the con-
sent of Congress, from entering into any agreement
or compact with another State or with a foreign power.
It must be clear to every one that this essential
attribute of sovereignty is not retained by the States
in their State capacities. Then, to argue that it is
not conferred upon the general government, would
be to charge our forefathers, who framed the consti-
tution, with the folly—nay, the madness—of having
annihilated one of the essential attributes of sove-
reignty.
But, sir, when we point gentlemen to the continu-
ed action of this government on this subject since
1803, by which the prosperity and security of the
Union have been so incalculably enhanced—when
we point to the treaty with France for Louis iana,
the treaty with Spain for Florida, to the admission
of Louisiana, Arkansas, and Missouri into the
Union, and the formation of a territorial govern-
ment in Florida—we are told that this is an entirely
different affair, and that history furnishes no prece-
dent for merging the sovereignty of one nation in
that of another. Gentlemen admit the right of mon-
archies to sell, transfer, and barter off whole colo-
nies, without consulting the wishes of the people
thus sold and transferred, but deny that a people
can dispose, by their own free will, of their territo-
ry, because this is destroying their sovereignty.
Sir, it does not become Americans, who profess to
believe that all legitimate governments are based
upon the consent of the governed, thus to advocate
the divine right of kings, and to sneer at that funda-
mental and sacred doctrine of our glorious declara-
tion of independence, which teaches that the will of
the people of any country is the only legitimate
source of authority, power, and government.
The doctrine that one sovereignty cannot be
rightly merged in another, had not its origin in this
land. It was borrowed from the politicians of Great
Britain, who have an interest in opposing the ad-
mission of Texas into our Union.
Lord Aberdeen, in the British House of Lords,
has said, when speaking upon this subject, that "it
was a question new and unexampled in the history
of public law, which demanded, and would receive,
the earliest.and most serious attention ofher Majis-
ty's government."
Here is a direct threat on the part of Great Bri-
tain to interfere, under the false pretext that one
government cannot merge its sovereignty in an-
other.
Many others might be referred to if I had time.
But it is not necessary to go to Great Britain for
arguments against the admission of Texas, since
there has not been one advanced by any gentleman
on this floor against it, which would not meet with
the hearty approbation of Lord Aberdeen him-
self.
But let me ask whether there is no precedent for
this. Ask Great Britain where are the independent
governments of Ireland, of Scotland, and of Wales?
That they were once free, is attested by history and
by song. That they loved that freedom, bear wit-
ness, oh ! shades of Bruce and of Wallace ! But
where are the sovereignties of those gallant people?
The classic highlands of devoted Scotland may re-
verberate with—
'•The hurried question of despair,
"Where is ray freedom? and echo answers, where !
The sovereignty of these nations has been lost
and swallowed up by the insatiate ambition of Eng-
land. But there are other examples. Our own gov-
ernment furnishes one. Where are the independent
sovereignties of Massachusetts, Yirginia, South
Carolina—of all the old thirteen States! They were
once, each of them, as separate, independent, sov-
ereignties as is Texas now. I will be told, of course,
that they have not parted with their separate sover-
eignties, only in a limited sense; in so far as they have
by compact conferred certain general powers on the
federal government for the good of the whole, and
that in all other matters they retain their separate
sovereignties.
Now, sir, this is precisely what Texas wants to
do, and what we want her to do—to join the confed-
eracy as Massachusetts did, and surrender those
powers to the general government which Massa-
chusetts surrendered, and retain that which Massa-
chusetts retained; and all this by the free and volun-
tary consent of both contracting parties. But we
are met here with the bold annunciation that a new
partner cannot be taken into the firm without the
consent of all the original partners. This may strike
the capacity of a county court lawyer, but it can
have no weight with statesmen. We have got the
consent of every partner in the firm expressly stipu-
lated in the articles of partnership. The constitu-
tion expressly provides that "new States may be
admitted by the Congress into this Union; but no
new State shall be formed or erected within the ju-
risdiction of another State, nor any State be formed
by the junction of two or more States or parts of
States without the consent of the legislatures of the
States concerned, as well as of the Congress."
Here we have the power to admit new States,
limited only by the discretion of Congress, except
where the new State is to be formed within the ju-
risdiction or out of the Territory of another State or
States, and then we must have the consent of the
legislature of the State or States immediately con-
cerned. This restriction upon that specified class of
cases shows clearly that no limitation was intended
to be placed upon the power to admit new States
formed out of territory which was not then em-
braced within the limits of the United States. In
addition to the express and incontrovertible lan-
guage of the constitution on this subject, this is
proven to be the intention of the framers of the con-
stitution by the fact that the old articles of confed-
eracy made provision for the admission of Canada;
and the constitution was formed not to curtail, but
to enlaige, the powers of the general government;
and by the further fact, that propositions were made
in the convention to restrict the power to admit new
States, to such States as should be formed within
the t rritory of the United States; and all such prop-
ositions were voted'down,arid the unrestricted power,
as we find it in the constitution, solemnly adopted.
In his commentary on this clause of the constitution,
Mr. Madison says, in the 14th No. of the Federal-
ist:
"A second observation to be made is, that the immediate
object of the federal constitution is to secure the union
of the thirteen primitive States which we know to be prac-
ticable; and to add to them such other states as may arise in
their own bosoms, or in their neighborhoods, which we
cannot doubt to be equally practicable."
Tha States of Rhode Island and North Carolina,
which, for some time after the adoption, by the
other States, of the federal constitution, would not
adopt it, but existed and were recognised as separate
and distinct sovereignties, were subsequently ad-
mitted into the Union. "Vermont, which, neither
under the articles of confederation nor at the time
of the adoption of the constitution, formed any part
of the United States, but claimed her own separate
sovereignty, was afterwards, on her application to
Congress, admitted as a free and separate member of
the confederacy. Louisiana, Arkansas, and Mis-
souri, which at the time of the adoption of the consti-
tution formed a part of the Louisiana territory, and
belonged to the King of Spain, have since been ad-
mitted into the Union upon a footing with the ori-
ginal thirteen States.
Sir, it is too late for gentlemen to attempt to inter-
polate restrictions and limitations upon an expressly
granted power, which would conflict with the plain,
common-sense interpretation of the clause, with the
cotemporaneous construction given to it by the
framers of the instrument, with the history of its
adoption, and with the uniform action of our gov-
ernment under it for moreihan half a century.
Mr. Chairman, I regard this pretended constitu-
tional objection as a mere masked battery, behind
which gentlemen entrench themselves, to conceal
from public scrutiny the real ground of their op-
position to this measure.
I must assert my belief that, on the part of a large
majority of those who oppose this measure, it is
merely factious, and to serve party ends. But, sir,
there is a deeper objection than this on the part of
other gentlemen. This objection was shadowed
forth by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. J.
R. IngersollJ when he declared that—
"The great danger to be apprehendedin this government
was, that the extremities would ily ofTby means, of the cen-
trifugal force so constantly manifested by the States."
Following up this view, he stated, in substance,
that—
"The central government was the heart from whence the
stream of life must flow; and the extremities being too pon-
derous, it must fall to pieces."
With entire respect for that gentleman, I must
take issue with him upon this as one of the true
grounds of opposition.
When our constitution was framed, there was a
party in this country who were in favor of central-
ization; of giving to the general government en-
larged powers. This same party afterwards at-
tempted, by implication and construction, to derive
for the general government the powers which they
could not prevail upon the States to surrender
directly in the constitution, at the time that instru-
ment was framed. They were called the federal par-
ty. During all this time there was another party,
with Mr. Jefferson at its head, who resisted the en-
croachments of consolidation, and contended that the
central government was not the heart from whence
life flowed to the States; but that the sovereignty of
the States was the great palladium of our freedom.
This was called the democratic party. When Mr.
Jefferson proposed to purchase Louisiana, and add
her rich domain to our territory, and secure the
commerce of the Mississippi, who opposed that
measure, which has added so incalculably to our
wealth, our prosperity, and our glory? Sir, it was
the federal party; and precisely for the same reasons
which are now offered for the opposition to the re-
annexation of Texas—the danger of enlarging our
territory—the danger of falling to pieces. The real
danger apprehended by those gentlemen is this. In
proportion as you enlarge the territory, do you in-
crease the difficulties of centralization? In propor-
tion as you increase the number of sovereign States,
do you increase the difficulties of consolidation?
Every State that you add to the Union is another
sentinel placed upon the watch-tower of freedom.
Every star that you add to our constellation is but
