150
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jatl.1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Caldwell.
H. of Reps.
That
another eye -to guard the jewel of liberty.
jewel is sovereignly.
In proportion as you increase the variety of soil,
climate, productions, occupations, pursuits, and Cus-
toms of the different States, do you increase the
necessity of local legislation for each, and destroy
the possibility of consolidation; for one central gov-
ernment could not adapt one code of laws to all
their various domestic wants, and consequently
will never be permitted to invade the sanctuary of
State sovereignty.
The States, in the meantime, extended over a
territory yielding every variety of production-of na-
ture and bf art, enjoying all the blessings of free
mteri)?a trade, mutually dependent, each upon the
wtvole, for protection and defence, whilst each has
entire control over its own domestic household,
would continue happy in their prosperity, and se-
cure in the enjoyment of their own separate inde-
pendence.
There is no danger to be apprehended from an
extension ot our territory, so Ions; a.-; we continue
to administer our government upon the true princi-
ples of the constitution. By our federative system,
so wisely adopted in that constitution, the State
governments aie left in full and undisturbed posses-
sion of all sovereign power over their own internal
police, and all the local questions affecting life, lib-
erty, and property. To the general government are
delegated powers of a national character, and over
such questions as do not demand, by diversity of
soil, climate, and occupation, peculiar local legisla-
tion. The power to govern and direct the opera-
tions of war—tlie treaty-making power—the power
to regulate commerce—the power to coin money,
and to regulate post offices and post roads—and the
powci to collect and disburse the revenues necessary
for all these purposes,—may safely and successfully
be exercised by one federal government for this
whole continent, so long as you confine that gov-
ernment to the powers delegated in the constitution,
and lcave^ to State legislation, as was intended by
the wise trainers of our matchless form of govern-
ment, all local questions, which, from diversity of
occupation or of interest, or peculiarity of senti-
ments or education, demand the guardianship and
care of n. State legislature, chosen by, and responsi-
ble to, the people only immediately interested in
their action.
"When we are taunted here by gentlemen with be-
ing strict constructionists, and still advocating what
they choose to call a doubtful power, I throw it back
upon them, and declare that it is as a strict construc-
tionist that I advocate the admission of Texas. The
doctrine of strict construction is held sacred, as be-
ing the means of guarding the sovereign powers re-
served by the States from invasion by the general
government. I advocate the admission of Texas
into the Union, as I have shown, as one of the
means of preventing this encroachment. The fed-
eral party oppose it for precisely the same reason. I
am the-advocate of State sovereignty: they ai*e the
advocates of a dangerous enlargement of the pow-
ers of the general government—an enlargement that
would ultimately sweep from existence the reserved
rights of the States, and bury all our bright hopes
in the horrors of consolidation—perhaps of despot-
ism.
But to revert to the objection as made. Is there
any danger of this government "flying to pieces" by
an extension of our territory? Mr. Madison, in the
14th article of the Federalist, says: "as the natural
limit of a democracy is that distance from the central
point which will just permit the most remote citi-
zens to assemble as often as their public functions
demand, and will include no greater number than
can join in those functions; so the natural limit of a
republic is that distance from the centre which will
barely allow the representatives of the people to
meet as often as may be necessary for the adminis-
tration of public affairs." This position can derive
no additional strength from any argument of mine.
It needs none; and I will, therefore, merely add that
on this point, no difficulty need be apprehended in
this age of railroads, steamboats, and locomotives.
The gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Marsh,]
more candid than other whigs upon this floor, has
given a new direction to this question. He asserted
in his argument yesterday, that this whole matter
was but a scramble for political power between the
slaveholding and non-slaveholding States. Ah! we
have it at last. "Conceal it as they may (said that
gentleman) it must come to this." Let it come, if
he wishes. In God's name, let it go to Kentucky—
let it go to Ashland—to every whig in the slave-
holding States, that the whole opposition to this
measure is a scramble on the part of the North for
political power.
[A voice: "A political scramble on the part of the
South."]
Ah! (continued Mr. C.) what interest has the
South in malting a scramble for political power!
Can she have any except for self-preservation? Has
the North any fear that the slaveholding States
would, if they had the power, interfere with the
domestic institutions of the North? That they
would, by class legislation, wring and extort boun-
ties from the labor of the North for their own ag-
grandisement? Every candid man from the North
will tell you he has no such fear. We ask no boons,
no bounties, no monopolies—we do not seek to op-
press the North, or in any way to interfere with
their domestic or local affairs or institutions. The
slaveholding States have never asked any thing but
to be let alone—to be permitted to enjoy in their own
way their own liberty, and the fruits of their own
honest industry. We only desire that the North
shall not, by their unjust and insolent interference,
disturb our peace, distract our citizens, and endan-
ger our security. What, then, can be the object of
the North in this great scramble for political ascen-
dency? Does she desire to destroy the balance of
power that she may meddle with our slavery, and, for
the gratification of incendiary fanatics, force us into
measures in regard to our domestic institutions
which they have no right to interfere with ? And
is this the argument, addressed upon this floor,
to whigs of Kentucky and the other slaveholding
States—that they must vote against the admission
of Texas into this Union, in order that the North
may enjoy the unrestricted power of meting out to
us, according to her gracious will, our allotted share
of happiness or misery, of security or danger, of
prosperity or ruin? Let it go to Kentucky; let us
hear her response through her representatives upon
this floor, and through her organs at home; let us
know at once whether the sons of the gallant pio-
neers of that noble State are so degenerate as to
sacrifice in their mad devotion to party ail that is
dear to them and their posterity; whether they are
prepared tamely to surrender their dear-bought lib-
erties, their noble independence, the very safety of
their wives and children, to the faithless keeping
of the federalists, the abolitionists, and the fanatics
of the North. Sir, although I am not one of the
party which has had the ascendency in that State,
I will venture here to answer for her. It would be
foul dishonor to impute to her any such craven
spirit! A State so rich in her history of individ-
ual daring and of personal valor, can never be so
easily enslaved!
Threats of disunion are thundered in our ears by
some of the distinguished sons of the Union-loving,
constitution-loving Stale of Massachusetts.
We are told that, to admit Texas, would be a fla-
grant violation of the compact of union, which
"would not only produce a dissolution, but would
fully justify it." This language falls strangely on
the ears of western men. To talk of disunion with
us, is considered little better than treason. We do
not suffer our minds to dwell on such a theme; and
if we hear it hinted at, we dismiss it from us with
indignation and abhorrence. It may do for the old
Commonwealth of Massachusetts to talk of disunion.
She may unite with the survivors of the Hartford
convention in threatening it; but let me warn Massa-
chusetts that she cannot dissolve the Union. You
will hear no threats of that sort from the West.
We love the Union, and though the North and the
South might both threaten its existence, the young
giant of the West would bear aloft its banner as the
rallying point of freemen, and the emblem of all our
happiness and hope. But these threats are idle,
and intended for agitation.
If I understand the interest and sagacity of Mas-
sachusetts rightly, she is the last State that will
ever take a final farewell of the sisterhood. I have
greatly mistaken the character of her people, if they
are willing to relinquish the advantages which the
Union has given, and will continue to give them.
Massachusetts knows too well that her sterile
rocks have been made to blossom as the rose by this
Union; and she knows too well that one continued
stream of wealth has been poured into her lap from
the sunny South and the fertile West; and will con-
tinue to flow while the Union lasts. She, too, well
understands that, if the bounties which she now en-
joys were withdrawn, she must revert back to that
condition of sterile hills and rock-bound coasts,
which greeted the Pilgrim fathers, when first they
gazed upon Plymouth rock. Where would she
find a market for her manufactures, with a protec-
tion of 30 to 300 per cent.?—a protection that no
other governmentever gave to one portion ot its citi-
zens at the expense of another? She will not so far
belie her character for Yankee shrewdness, as to
forego all these advantages, to follow the lead of a
parcel of unprincipled fanatics in an unholy crusade
against southern institutions.'
Again, it is objected that we must not admit Tex-
as on account of her debt. I myself am in favpr of
the proposition which allows Texas as a State to
retain herown public lands, and pay her own debts.
But suppose we were to assume her debts: would
not her vast and rich domain, her fertile lands, pay
it back ten times over? and was not that very debt
incurred in consequence of our bad faith? Was not
that debt, together with the blood of her sons, the
price at which she bought back and re-established
that freedom of which we deprived her, when we.
cast her off, and transferred her to a foreign des-
pot by the treaty of 1819?
But that debt is a mere bagatelle. Gentlemen who
on all other occasions are t.o fond of public debt,
need not hope to frighten any one with so contemp-
tible a bugbear.'" If we were to assume the debts
of Texas, we should but do an act of justice; it
would be but a poor reparation for the wrongs we
have inflicted—wrongs that appeal to us by every
feeling of humanity—by every principle that should
govern our councils here.
But, I repeat to satisfy gentlemen here, we will
let Texas pay her own debts, and keep her own
lands to pay them with. This is a better bargain
for Texas, than if we paid her debts. It is some-
times objected—though I believe that objection is now
almost abandoned—that this measure will involve
us in war. This argument needs no answer, but
the memorable declaration of the immortal Jack-
son: "We will ask nothing but what is right, and
we will submit to nothing that is wrong." We will
do no wrong to any nation by the admission of
Texas, and if any nation chooses to declare war
against us on account of it, it will be an unjust war
on her part; and let her beware of the consequences;
for our part, guided by a consciousness of the recti-
tude and justice of our course, we will meet theissue
as becomes us.
I will not have time, in' the brief hour which is
allotted me, to enter, as I would wish to do, upon
an examination of the advantages which would re-
sult to us, and the reasons that appeal to us in favor
of this measure. The facts which 1 have already
stated, with a mere glance at the map and geogra-
phy of that country, will show at once, to the poor-
est capacity, that the advantages are innumerable,
and the reasons imperative. Texas is described by
historians and geographers as possessing a most de-
lightful and salubrious climate, and a soil of unex-
ampled fertility. In Pease's geographical sketch of
that country he says:
"The attempt to describe the middle regions of Texas
must be l'eeble indeed, since the subject is one to which
neither pen nor pencil can do justice."
Her bottom lands are composed of a rich allu-
vion, ten to twenty feet in depth. Her prairies are
equally rich, with a depth of soil from four to ten
feet. The quantity of agricultural productions is
almost incredible. Two crops in a single year
may be raised and matured on the same land. And
it is said by the same writer, that a single laborer
may, by tilling the soil, support his family and
clear a thousand dollars a year. The great staple
of the world (cotton) can be raised there in greater
abundance, and with less difficulty than on any
other part of the globe. The soil and climate are
infinitely better adapted to the production of sugar
than in "the most favored sugar districts of Loui-
siana. The experiments there, also, in the produc-
tion of tobacco (our second great article of export)
have been attended with eminent success. All the
delicious fruits of the tropical regions may be grown
there without difficulty, and in the greatest perfec-
tion. It is a land of inexhaustible productions, of
perennial spring and perpetual flowers.
With a territory larger than that of all France,
and a soil and climate such as I have described,
Texas has the best harbor on the Gulf of Mexico,
and a greater extent of navigable rivers than the
same extent of territory can boast on any part of
the American continent.
In order that we may the better understand and
appreciate the advantages arising from the admis-
sion of Texas, let us look at the consequences of re-
fusing her admission. England is at present de-
