152
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th,Cong.. ..2d Sess.
Debate on the Annexation of Canada.
Feb.il8£5/
Senate.
wore influential in" counsel, precede him in the : 
tion. He did not, by the act, intend to impute any
improper motives to the honorable gentleman who
presented the memorial; he was prompt indeed to
believe otherwise. The Senator from Michigan con-
sidered, no doubt, that he was in the discharge of a
proper duty. He himself was acting under similar
influences, and he invoked the solemn judgment of
the Seriate on the character and intent of the memo-
rial, and the necessity of sustaining his motion. No
one, he said, could be blind to the objects of the
paper, or indifferent to its possible effects upon the
dignity of the Senate and the peace of the country.
It was a new and an unfair mode of discussing the
question of annexation, and ought not to be tolera-
ted in that solemn form, however free debate should
be in the usual way of presenting political contro-
versies to tile consideration of the Senate and the
country. The system was not only unfair, but it
was—he said it in no disrespect to his honorable
friend—altogether improper and unwarrantable. It
was calculated, if it was not intended, to cast ridi-
cule and contempt upon a great measure that then
agitated the people. That important subject, Mr. P.
said, should not be approached in this assembly by
any insidious attack: it could not be successfully
met in that way, and he sincerely regretted the pre-
sent untimely and ill-advised attempt.
He. was a friend to annexation, as he had always
declared himself, both here and everywhere else
and he would hereafter prove the sincerity of the
declaration by his recorded act, if he could be per-
mitted to do so on the principles he had hitherto
constantly proclaimed. But warm within him and
decisive as these sentiments we're, he would not take
an unfair step to procure their accomplishment, nor
could he patiently submit to be baffled in that man-
ner by those who opposed them. All he asked for
was a clear field and a fair fight—no bush-whacking,
if he might he indulged in an expressive word, well
understood in the border wars of the West; no
masked batteries. He was willing (he said) to stand
an open enfilade; that would be fair, though it
might be hard, and perhaps destructive; still he
would stand it without complaint; and in such a
combat he could fall without murmuring, or he could
triumph without exultation. In fact, he said, he had
all along tempered and restrained his feelings on
this engrossing subject, and he was prepared to go
through the controversy without the least excite-
ment, or any unkind feeling to any opponent. He
claimed for himself, on the whole subject, the utmost
freedom of thought and action, and he freely and
frankly yielded to ail around him, and to everybody
else, the same liberty in its fullest extent. In all
that he had done, and all that he might do hereafter,
he intended no offence, and he did not expect to
take any.
But he must insist—in all due deference, and with
great respect he did insist—that the Senate should
not, by consenting to receive the memorial, counte-
nance a proceeding which was designed by those
who sent it here to mock solemnity itself, and to
cast contempt and ridicule upon a question of policy
which, in its magnitude and importance, had been
made to engage the attention of the whole nation.
Sir, said Mr. F., the question of annexation is no
longer a question of the Presidency. That has gone
by. They who " raise the whirlwind" cannot al-
ways " ride on the storm." Mr. Tyler knows that
now. He may have waked up the tempest, but he
is too small a man either to stay or*to increase its
fury; it rages fiercely in spite of our desires, and has
aroused elements of contention which cannot be
quieted by ridicule, or forced down by back-handed
blows. We are bound to meet it; to meet it here
on this floor; to meet it for a serious decision. Let
us meet it, then, openly, fairly, and candidly; and,
however that decision may be, let us hope for the
best, and still stand for the country.
But he had another objection (Mr. F. said) to the
reception of the memorial offered by the Senator
from Michigan, stronger, if possible, than the one he
had just urged. However undesigned for that un-
happy purpose, the tendency of the whole proceed-
ing might be to involve the peace and harmony of
the country. It was evidently, he said, trifling with
the pride of a friendly power, and that power one
with which our existing relations were confessedly
delicate and unsettled. Why provoke that pride by
this extraordinary mode of warfare against a mea-
sure of domestic policy now pending before this
body ? Why call upon the Senate to endorse the
provocation by lending this memorial a respectful
sanction, and giving it thereby an importance it
never could otherwise obtain 1 There was certainly
nothing in the complaints or the disquietude of the
people of Canada ; nothing in their political condi-
tion that he knew of or had any right to credit; no
popular movement, no public manifestation, which
could induce the wildest philanthropy to believe that
they would change their allegiance if they could.
No revolution, no battles, no bloody fields, no sieges,
no independent Government, no stable self-acting
power, resisting foreign invasion, and preserving do
mestic peace and tranquillity.
There was no analogy, he said, not the least, be-
tween the proposition to annex Texas and an in-
sincere application for the annexation of the (Jana-
das. It was a ruse, which, however harmless and
innoxious it might be in other places, could not be
countenanced in the Senate without infringing its
own dignity, and striking unnecessarily at a people
who are not slow to perceive and less slow to resent
an indignity. Nor did he say this in fear of the
power to which he referred. He owned her great-
ness, but that greatness had no terrors that he would
acknowledge. Omnipotent as England was, with
an empire so completely belting the globe that the
sun never set on her dominions, and the sound of
tatoo and reveille never died away within her inter-
minable lines, ho could not fear her in a just cause.
But let the cause come; let others give it, not us.
War was a calamity not to be rashly or improvi-
dently sought, and yet not to be meanly shunned.
It might come—for aught he knew, it would come,
in spite of the wishes and desires of rulers. Until
then we should at least observe the proprieties of
national intercourse, and avoid the consequences of
even slight provocations. He sincerely hoped the
Senate would adopt his motion and reject the peti-
tion.
Mr. PORTER remarked, in reply, that he re-
garded the objection to reception raised by the Sena-
tor from Tennessee with no little astonishment;
first, because the memorial contained nothing in re-
spect to which the notion could arise that it could in
any sense be considered an abuse of the right of pe-
tition—nothing which brought it within the rule
recognised and acted on by the Senate hitherto in
relation to the subject of slavery; and, second, be-
cause a similar memorial had been presented but a
moment before by the Senator from New York,
(Mr. Dickinson,) and received. Mr. P. said that,
as the usual motion to lay the question of reception
on the table had not been made, he would avail him-
self of the occasion to say a few words in vindica-
tion of the motives and views of the memorialists in
presenting this subject to the attention and consider-
ation of the Congress of the United States.
Sir, (said Mr. P.) the Senator from Tennessee
has wholly mistaken the great and leading object of
this memorial. It is a remonstrance against the an-
nexation of Texas to this Union. The other mea-
sure of annexation is introduced to show the deep
earnestness with which the former is sought to be
resisted, and the only condition on which these me-
morialists will willingly consent to its adoption.
They are among the best and the purest men of the
community in which they live. They have watched
with intense anxiety the progress of this Texas con-
troversy from its commencement. They have read,
and attentively too, the treaty which was rejected by
this body at the last session, together with its most
extraordinary documentary concomitants. They
there learned that this Texas scheme was justified
openly on the ground that it was indispensably ne-
cessary for the security and protection of the peculiar
institutions of the South. Such being the avowed
policy of the measure—a policy purely sectional,
which is yet persevered in, and in a form which
strikes at the sanctity of the Constitution—these
memorialists have felt that they could no longer
remain silent. They feel that they too will have
peculiar interests which this Government is equally
bound to protect. They ask for the exercise of no
questionable powers. They believe that the same
constitutional instrumentalities that will acquire Tex-
as will also acquire the Canadas. They contemplate
no other mode of acquisition than by treaty, but they
do insist that whatever form of annexation shall be
adopted in the one instance ought to be adopted in
the other. In this case, whatever peculiar interests
may be invoked to sanction the one measure, are
balanced by those which have reference to the
other.
Things are sftid to be peculiar which possess
qualities and attributes which are not to be found
elsewhere. If the South be peculiar in that it has
slavery, the North is peculiar in that it has it not.
These peculiarities constitute one of the mostirnpor-
tant and delicate features in our political system, and
these memorialists have, seen, as I have seen, else-
where and here on this floor, the utmost jealousy man-
ifested by our Southern brethren for the preservation
of the balance which now exists between them. I
have often heard the sentiment spoken here that no
new Northern State would be permitted to take its
place in the Union unless accompanied at the same
instant by a new Southern State; and can it be sup-
posed that, with a preponderance of white population
in the free States over that in the slave Slates of five
millions, there should be less of this rival feeling at
the North, especially in view of the vital importance
suggested by the constitutional composition of this
branch of the National Congress 1 Can it be imagin-
ed that the North, jealous of its rights, present and
prospective, will consent to jeopardize its most cher-
ished views of federal policy by silently permitting
the present equilibrium to be shaken one iota to its
disadvantage ?
But, sir, the Senator from Tennessee entirely
mistakes the character of this memorial when he
attempts to gag the voice in which it speaks, by
raising the question of reception ; and he mistakes it
too, when he characterizes it as an attempt, by any
other means than such as are legitimate and fair, to
bring Texas annexation into ridicule. Not a posi-
tion can be taken to defend the one measure that is
not applicable to the other; and the gentleman may'
find that this new project of annexation may be
something more than a mere bagatelle, if the lawless
spirit which now thirsts for territorial aggrandize-
ment, in defiance of laws and treaties, be not check-
ed.
Why is it that you can annex Texas and canno
annex Canada 1 I shall be told, perhaps, that Texas
has an independent national existence, and is there-
fore competent to dispose of herself as she pleases.
How camc she free, and why is it that Canada is
not so 1 Sir, a full answer to this inquiry involves
a necessity for glancing at the events of the last few
years; and I confess that in giving that answer I
feel a degree of humiliation which ought to take
possession of the heart of every man who cherishes
the honour of the American name, and who desires
to see our good faith and consistency preserved in
our relations with foreign powers. How came
Texas free? Was it through the efforts of the re-
volted there of 1835 and 18361 Think you that
the banner of freedom would have been unfurled in
that country but for the well-founded hope that " the
land of the free " would send forth a sympathizing
aid to rally beneath its folds 1 No, sir, no. They
knew we were the descendants of those who had
converted this country from an oppressed colony into "
an empire, destined at no distant day to rival the
greatness of the parent from which it had sprung.
They knew the disposition of this gallant people,
and the result has shown that theirs was no vain re-
liance. Who does not know, sir, that the Texan
revolution was brought to its successful termination
by the efforts of citizens of the United States who
emigrated to that country, not only with arms in
their hands, and with the means and appliances of *
war about their persons, but banded together in the
form of military organization, trained, disciplined,
and officered on our own soil, and ready on their
arrival at their destination to wheel into line of bat-
tle. I blame not those who thus acted, for I know
that the spirit which impelled them was as natural
as the air they breathed. Still they violated our ob-
ligations of neutrality to Mexico, as.well as the laws
of their country. Bat who could censure them, since
