Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Debate on the Annexation of Canada.
Seuate.
it may almost be said they acted under the permis-
sion and connivance of those who at that day ad-
ministered this Government! Not even an Execu-
tive proclamation was issued to stay this tide of mi-
litary emigration from our shores, much less were
the troops of the United States stationed at points of
embarcation to wrest from the emigrants their arms
and munitions of war. Sir, under suc,h circum-
stances, how could the issue of the Texan revolu-
tion be for a moment doubtful 1 The battle of San
Jacinto was fought and won by citizens of the
United States, and a country to whom we were bound
by a solemn treaty " to observe a firm, inviolable,
and universal peace," was thus dismembered.
Now, sir, turn your eye to the events which at-
tended the Canadian revolt in 1837-'8. Can it be
imagined that the friends of independence there
would have been guilty of the temerity of attempting,
unaided, to breast the mighty power of England in
a struggle for its attainment ? No, sir. They looked,
as the Texans had looked the year before, to this
country for emigrants and sympathisers—for the
" thews and bulk," as well as the materiel of war ;
and what was the response 1 You saw it, sir, in the
blaze of enthusiasm which burst forth from one ex-
tremity to the other of the Northern frontier. But,
unlike the kindred movement at the South, it struck
terror into the minds of the President and his Cahi-
net. An Executive proclamation was instantly is-
sued, in which, after a long preamble reciting (he
" unlawful interference on the part of our citizens in
the contest unfortunately commenced in the British
provinces," &c.., (not a word about Texas,) a solemn
injunction was given for an observance of " the
authority of the laws and the faith of treaties
The commander-in-chief, as well as all your other
general officers, were at once despatched to the fron-
tiers in every direction. All the troops of the United
States, which could by possibility be made disposa-
ble, were marched to the same points. The very
locality from which this memorial comes was the
scene of an unceasing military surveillance night
and day. The " Patriots," as they were called, were
pursued and hunted down in every direction; arrests
were daily and hourly made, but your courts were
powerless in giving effect to the laws; arms and mu-
nitions of war were, however, seized and withheld;
spies were running in every direction with a view
to guide the operations of the inlisted military of the
United States, for on them alone could any depend-
ence he placed. How would Texas have fared un-
der such an iron police on her border as this? Sir,
without dwelling on these details, which are familiar
to all, are we not brought irresistibly to this conclu-
sion, that we suffered to be done on the Mexican
frontier what we dared not permit to be done on the
Canadian frontier 1 These memorialists regard these
two cases as identical; that the obligations of national
faith are as strong in the one as in the other; and
that, if there be any difference made, it ought to be
in favor of that power which is weakest. Such a
line of conduct, they believe, would best consist with
the character of a brave and magnanimous people.
But, to our shame be it said, our course has been
diametrically the opposite of this, and the sensation
produced by the presentation of this memorial is but a
new proof of the shameful fact. B ut I have not done
with these details. When did you pass your new
and stringent neutrality act1 On the 10 th of March,
1838; in hot haste—in the very midst of these
Northern border disturbances. Look at its provi-
sions. It confers a summary power on " all collec-
tors, naval officers, surveyors, inspectors of customs,
marshals, and deputy marshals of the United States,
to seize and detain any vessel or vehicle, or any arms
or munitions of war, which may be provided or pre-
pared for any military expedition or enterprise against
the, territories of a cotermineous power, where the
character of the vessel or vehicle, and the quantity of
arms and munitions, or other circumstances, should
furnish probable cause to believe that they are in-
tended to be employed in any such expedition."
And yet, in the face of this new enactment, the
alarming agitation continued for more than a year,
in spite of the accumulated military forces of Eng-
land as well as of the United States at suspected
points of invasion, until terminated at last amid the
rigors of a northern winter, by the tragedies on the
Detroit and St. Lawrence, which resulted in death,
or captivity in Australia, to many who, in Texas,
would have been canonized as martyrs in the cause
of liberty. Sir, I complain not that these energetic
measures were adopted by this Government for the
preservation of the faith of treaties; and I will not
deny that, residing on the very spot from which this
memorial comes, I may have been more strongly
impressed with the importance of them; but by no
ethics of my own am I able to distinguish between
the casus foederis in the two examples of England
and Mexico.
A single allusion to one memorable event of the
period to which I have adverted, and I will dismiss
this contrast. Suppose a band of Mexicans had
crossed the Sabine during the Texan revolt and burnt
an American steamboat, murdering at the same time
her crew; and suppose one of the perpetrators had
fallen into the power of a criminal court in Louisiana
—think you, sir, we should have made a McLeod
case of him 1 No, sir ; the gallows would have been
his end. Perhaps a summary sus. per col on the
first tree would have dealt justice in a manner suffi-
ciently becoming for a Mexican. McLeod escaped :
had he not, England would have spoken to us
'•In thund<'is from her native oak."
And we knew it. It is, I repeat, sir, humiliating to
find, by such a review as this, that we have done
wrong only because we could do it with impunity,
and right only because we dared not do otherwise.
Sir, let us look at the territorial limits of this Re-
public, as fixed by the treaty of 1783. If the St.
Lawrence at its mouth was within the dominions of
a foreign power, so was the Mississippi The states-
men of that day, under whose auspices that treaty
was negotiated, could not, however, have regarded
these magnificent water-courses, destined at some
period not distant to become the highways of an im-
mense internal commerce, in any other light than as
future acquisitions to be subject to our exclusive use
and control. If in their prophetic visions of our na-
tional greatness they saw this, they saw at least
what has proved a reality in respect to the latter.
The Congress of the Confederation regarded these
great natural arteries with equal interest, and doubt-
less with equal confidence, that they would become
tributary to American enterprise alone, when they
provided that all the navigable streams discharging
into each should forever remain public highways,
free for the use of the citizens of the United States.
Many of these memorialists are engaged in the com-
merce and shipping of the great lakes—a commerce
which is shortly to connect itself directly, by means
of the Canadian canals, with the ocean world. It is
easy to see the interest, therefore, with which they
contemplate their countervailing measure of annex-
ation.
One word on the military argument, and I will
take my seat. This is an argument which, unin-
formed as I am in military matters, 1 should attach
no great importance to but for the fact that it is sus-
tained by the authority of distinguished military
names. General Jackson speaks of the annexation
of Texas as indispensably necessary to guard us
against the hostile approaches of England. Sir, is
it necessary for me to point to the geographical po-
sition of these memorialists in order to show their
exposure to such hostile approaches '! The events
of the late war furnish a more convincing view of
this matter than any I could present, and I will con-
tent myself by a mere general reference to them.
There is not a man within the sound of my voice
who will not, on instituting a comparison between
the two coterminous points in this view, pronounce
the Texas military argument a stupendous political
hallucination. A prominent citizen of my own
State, however, endorses it; and yet it might happen
that the first intelligence which should reach him of
a war with England would be communicated by the
passage of a thirty-two-pound shot through his bed-
room at midnight.
Much more might be said on this subject, and
other topics with which it is intimately connected,
and I wish it had fallen into abler hands than mine.
In what I have said my aim has been to vindicate
these memorialists, as well as to rescue their consti-
tutional right to petition from the ruthless violation
which threatens it.
Mr. BAGBY had merely a word or two to say
upon this subject. He would not inquire into the
propriety or liberality of reaching this Texas ques-
tion through Canada. He had heretofore endeavored
to show that the Texas question was of sufficient im-
portance to stand upon its own basis. He was as-
tonished—and he expressed his astonishment with
entire respect to the honorable Senator (Mr. Pot-
teb)—at the opinion which the honorable Senator
seemed to entertain, that this was a direct movement
in favor of the annexation of Canada to the United
States, and not an indirect attack upon the annexa-
tion of Texas to the United States. The Senator,
with very great labor and difficulty, had endeavored
to institute a parallel between the people of Texas
and the people of Canada. In what respect could
the parallel be sustained 1 Did the people of Canada
send and ask admission into the Union, as the citi-
zens of a free, sovereign and independent Republic,
desiring to be annexed to the United States 1 But
there was another view of the question in his (Mr.
B.'s) mind—the propriety of submitting to the Se-
nate of the United States a grave proposition, the
direct and inevitable effect of which was to produce
insubordination and a spirit of rebellion amongst a
portion of the subjects of a power, a great power, at
perfect and apparent peace with the Government of
the United States. Was it possible, if such was the
design of the memorialists, that the honorable Senator
was disposed to aid them in carrying that design
into effect]
If this were intended merely as a counter move-
ment, to defeat the annexation of Texas to this
Union, so far the gentleman's argument was good ;
but if the Canadas are to be annexed to the United
States, let that question depend upon its own merits.
Besides, let gentlemen inquire into the consequences
which might be produced in the country by a pro-
position of this kind. The direct effect of it is to
produce a state of feeling in Canada which must be
unfriendly to the British dominions in North-Ame-
rica. Did it become the honorable gentleman, as a
grave Senator, whose highest duty was to preserve
peace amongst the nations ot the earth, to encourage
the agitation of a question like this on the part of
Canada 1 No; he did not believe that the honora-
ble Senator himself was in earnest in that aspect of
the case. He believed that this proposition was to
the Senator, what it was to the memorialists—a pro-
position merely endeavoring to cast odium and re-
proach upon a great national movement. But it
could not be put down in that way. Unpalatable as
it might be in certain quarters, he hoped and be-
lieved it would be carried triumphantly here. This
great question had been trifled with long enough.
He did not deny the right to memorialize and peti-
tion upon any subject of a legitimate nature; but he
appealed to that honorable Senator, and other hono-
rable Senators, when they had certain objects in
view, to come out like men, and avow those objects.
Gentlemen talked about the balance ot power. It
was just as legitimate to cheat Great Britain as it
was to cheat Mexico. The thing has been done
in the one case, but dare not be attempted in the
other. This was the argument advanced to support
the prayer of the memorialists! Now, when the
people of Canada, or any other portion of God's
creation upon earth, shall place themselves in the
situation of the people of the Republic of Texas,
and appeal to the United States to admit them into
this Union as freemen, he, for one, would feel dis-
posed to lean to the proposition. But the citizens
ol Canada were not in that situation. He hoped
that no portion of the citizens of the United States
would be denied a hearing if they were to come for-
ward and remonstrate against the annexation of
Texas to the Union. But let them come out and
show their hand, and not by an indirection attempt
to get at the Texas question through Canada.
He was under obligations to the Chair, and to the
Senator from Tennessee, for having raned the ques-
tion of reception. There was a maxim in law
which he hoped would be borne in mind by gentle-
men who presented memorials of this kind—that
" you cannot do that indirectly which you cannot dd
directly."
Mr. FOSTER said he entered reluctantly into the
debate, and he was very unwilling to prolong it. He
