Jan. 1S4§.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Haywood.
Senate.
one would be driven to oppose the bill for annexation
on account of any other collateral questions, and
for that reason only expose themselves to the false
clamor of "hostility to Texas."
That it was 110 reflection upon any one's integrity
to believe it was more than probable, after such a
declaration by the majority in favor of annexation,
that many individuals would more readily de-
fer to the opinions of others upon a bill or
other proposition to fix the mode and manner of AC-
Q.UIRING the territory. Indeed, it was due to the
enlightened patriotism of such as might be opposed
to annexation, to say that, the question of annexa-
tion, being once decided by the vote of a majority,
he believed there were many who, though hon-
estly and sincerely adverse to it, yet, that
question out of the way, would at once lend
their untrammelled assistance, by fair discus-
sion and wise deliberation, upon the remaining
question about the legitimate mode _of acquiring Tex-
as. And probably we should witness, what he
should welcome with joy, a full and frank debate
by the statesmen of our country upon great nation-
al questions, conducted in a spirit of catholic patri-
otism, free of acerbity and strong bias, and elevated
above the arena of mere partisanship; and cer-
tainly such questions demanded such a debate.
Next, he thought it ought to be done because it was
due to Texas and to her position. A question of
honor was a point to be settled in every senator's
bosom by a simple appeal to that tribunal, not by
arguments. A bare narrative of facts, within the
knowledge of every one, should be the only means
he would adopt for presenting exactly such an
appeal to the Senate. Then each man's bosom
would answer whether it was not due from the hon-
m of our country. It would be recollected that Tex-
as applied to this government for admission into the
Union, and was repelled. Afterwards the President
of the United States—he who was officially the
mouth of the nation to speak, and the ear of the
nation to hear all foreign powers—proposed to Tex-
as to renew her application; but Texas declin-
ed it unless there was a certainty of accept-
ance; and Texas assigned as a reason for this,
that, although the union might be very agree-
able, another refusal on our part would greatly
injure and seriously embarrass her. After
all this, our government, through its author-
ized officers, courted, coaxed, and he might
add threatened the republic of Texas into a re-
newal of her offer; still it was not made until
Texas was assured that means had been taken
to learn the fact, and it was confidently believed, (if
not ascertained,) that the Senate of the United
States would ratify the treaty of annexation. In
most unaffected sincerity, he could declare that he
alluded to these well-known incidents as important
facts for his argument, and in no spirit of censure—
not at all. He could not approve of it, of course;
but he did not mention it for condemnation. His
eye was now alone upon the future—for his country.
The treaty was made upon these overtures of ours; but
it was rejected by the Senate, and Texas had been
left to take the consequences of her mistaken reli-
ance upon the assurances of our government. Nor
let it be said (continued Mr. H ) that the Senate was
free of blame in this: our skirts were not altogether
clear of it. He by no means meant to say the Sen-
ate had intentionally deceived Texas; very far from
it: he knew it did not. Yet the circumstances were
such, that, as between us and Texas, and regarding
her claims upon the honor and liberality of this na-
tion, our neglect to find out that Texas was de-
ceived, and forthwith to undeceive her, made her
claim upon us almost, if not altogether, the same, in
regard to our future negotiation at least, as if we
had had notice of it, and acquiesced.
The Senate would remember that, before the
Texas treaty was made, it was notorious, in the
Senate, and out of it, and everywhere, that Texas
had appointed a minister to comc hither, for the pur-
pose of ceding herself to the United States. No
call was made upon the President for information to
the Senate. The present Secretary of State was se-
lected and invited from his home to accept
his present post, for the purpose of arrang-
ing and negotiating the Texas treaty. It was
understood he might be induced to accept for that
purpose, and he did accept for no other, as was gen-
erally said at the time. Without any knowledge of
the assurances which had been given by the late
Mr. Upshur, to be sure, but without asking any in-
formation from the President, the Senate immediate-
ly, with unusual haste, confirmed the nomination of
the new Secretary unanimously, and removed all Eie-
cresy from the act, promulgating it to the world si-
multaneously with its performance. Then he ask-
ed, what inference had Texas a right to make from
allthatf What conclusion couldTexas draw, butthat
the Senate designed in this manner to reassure her min-
ister that her overture would be accepted and the union
ratified? That Texas had no right to substitute for
her inferences any better knowledge of the real facts,
by inquiring of the Senate beforehand, wastooclear
to debate about. A direct communication from her
minister to the Senate would have been held to be
an insult to this nation, and the minister who made
it would have been dismissed, as he ought to have
been.
He repeated that he knew the Senate did not in
fact know this assurance had been given to Texas;
but yet Texas had a right to assume—was bound
to assume—that we did. Texas did believe it; and,
believing so, she made the treaty, and, without
fault or neglect in Texas, incurred all the conse-
quences to herself. In a contest between individu-
als, where the point of dispute was "notice or no
notice," there was not a court of chancery in Chris-
tendom in which a party who occupied an attitude
similar to ours at that time with Texas would not
be held bound in foro constientici, in all respects, as
he would be upon full proof of a formal notification
recorded in his own diary.
In view of all this, he pressed it earnestly upon
senators to debate, deliberate, and agree beforehand
what we meant to do; and not to permit a renewal
of negotiations for Texas, whether it were to be
technically a negotiation for making a treaty, or a
negotiation in some more unrestricted sense for a
compact to be ratified by legislation—not to suffer
new overtures to Texas, before there had been an
authoritative precedent declaration by the Congress
of the United States, that a surrender by her, and the
acquisition by us, shall be ipso facto followed by an-
nexation, as provided in this bi'l, or one like it,
plainly disclosing and frankly communicating the
terms and conditions, if any, which a majority of
Congress intend to insist upon, and to make a sine qua
non of their support. This was the manly, honest,
honorable course. Without it, Texas might be
again betrayed into a false and more embarrassing
attitude. Without it, President Polk would be rash
to venture upon any fresh assurances to Texas, and
Texas would be foolish to rely upon them if he did.
Next, it was not only proper in itself, just and fair
amongst ourselves, and due to our national character
and to Texas, but it was yet more emphatically due
from President Polk's friends to him, and from the
friends of annexation to the new administration, if
he might not include many of the other side, who,
although opposed to Mr. Polk's election, were
doubtless too patriotic to desire to see their country
agitated and distracted by these topics, still begin-
ning, and never ending, or to see the wishes of
the nation balked for the sake of trying to break
down an administration at its commencement. He
thought it ought to be done, for these and many
other reasons which rose above all party schemes,
and laid claim to the attention of patriots of all
parties.
Next, that, without attaching to the popular voice a
mandatory character, yet allowing to it only so much
influence as every enlightened American statesman
must concede it was entitled to have in our country
upon such a subject, he would say that, without
some response of this kind—something which went
at least so far—the representatives of the people
would be exhibiting a lack of sympathy with the sen-
timents of the people. Next, that, if this step were
once taken, it would enable the President,(even should
nothing else be done,) if he decided upon negotia-
tion by treaty, to consummate it without the neces-
sity of convening an extra session <.f Congress; and
what true friend of Mr. Polk desired to see an extra
session? What prudent fiiend of the country could
anticipate, without dreadful apprehension, an extra
SESSION FOR THE ANNEXATION OF TEXAS?
Mr. H. remarked that all the considerations he had
suggested in favor of adopting the provision of his bill
to annex Texas, in the sense already often explained,
strongly demonstrated the propriety of attaching
whatever conditions we knew were to bs insisted
■upon—such, he meant, as were indispensable to our
uniting a majority in favor of annexing Texas at
all, now or ever.
Without that, all our labors were worse than vain,
at least for this session; and that brought him to
consider sueh conditions as were contained in the
bill he had the honor to propose. That he conditions,
it would be recollected, owed their place not so much
to his favor, as to the known and indispensable ne-
cessity for inserting them by way of a compromise
and concession to the views of different sections of
the country, in order to pass any bill at all in ad-
vance of this one; and, as he believed, indispensa-
ble to the annexation of Texas now or hereafter.
His opinion about the impossibility of annexing
Texas to the Union without some condition upon
the subject of negro slavery was not a mere conjec-
ture. Facts which were well known supported it,
alas! too conclusively.
The first fact was, that a treaty of annexation had
been made without such a condition, and rejected
by a majority of the Senate. It had been followed
by two legislative bills to annex Texas—one a copy
of the treaty; but the other contained a condition to
divide the territory into two districts when ceded, in
one of which negro slavery was to be prohibited.
These two bills were put before the country, and
upon the point of their difference in this respect no
judgment of the people had been pronounced. In
the presidential election, the friends of both bills
voted for Mr. Polk, as they were all for Texas.
The second fact was, that opposition to Texas
annexation had been made (no matter how, for the
fact was all that concerned us now) a northern and
southern question; and the South was unjustly sus-
pected of aiming at annexation mainly, if not en-
tirely, for the sake of increasing her political power.
The suspicion was one of a kind that was not to be
reasoned with; and whether it were true or false,
it constituted an insuperable barrier to success in
annexing Texas to the Union; and it was not
capable of removal without a generous concession
on both sides, so as to produce unanimity, whilst
there was harmony amongst the friends of annexa-
tion.
The remaining fact to be noticed, which was
alone conclusive upon the point as far as regards
the present Congress, was, that after taking upon
himself the labor to inquire into the opinions of
members, especially in the other House, he was
constrained to state that there were so many who
were hostile to annexation, without a final antece-
dent settlement of some such line, that, without their
votes for annexation, the friends of it would be
in a minority; and without some such line, they
could not, or would not vote for annexation at all.
So that, by a simple process of arithmetic, the ques-
tion was narrowed down to this; "Texas and a
division of the territory, or Texas not at all."
This, however unwelcome the conclusion, was the
naked truth; and it behoved the southern represent-
atives 111 particular to meet the true issue, and all the
responsibilities which that issue imposed upon them.
He believed they would, bccause lie believed they
ought. In proposing this bill, he had himself yield-
ed to this necessity, and accepted a choice of evils;
and if it were adopted, he had no hope to express,
and no prayer to make about it, except that it might
be well for our common country. And if, on the
other hand, it should fail, it would be because the
South repudiated it; and the decision of his' friends
against it would probably convince him that there
was an error in the proposition, whilst his own con-
science approved the effort, unpretending as it
was, to do his duty. He would not fee.l reproved
hereafter for having practised a cowardly timidity at
the first beginning of discord.
Mr. H. then proceeded to state the reasons why
he thought the southern members and senators
might unite in a support of the bill, notwithstanding
this line of division, or some other that was more
agreeable to both sides. The bill did not declare
that Texas should not be admitted without the line.
It only enacted that, with that condition in the com-
pact, when lawfully ratified by both governments, it
should be annexed.
It did not prevent any senator from voting against
the compact, should he finally prefer to let Texas go
sooner than agree to divide the territory. That was
a point to arise, and to be settled hereafter.
It did not arrogate the right to instruct the Presi-
dent beforehand that, if Texas should refuse to as-
sent to the line, or if on any other account it were
omitted, no treaty ought to be made, or no compact
submitted to legislative sanction.
It declared singly to Texas, and the President,
and the world, what was true—that we were ready,
and assented beforehand to any compact the "su-
preme authorities" of Texas and the United States
might make and ratify within the conditions stated—no
more and no less—leaving the South, the East, the
West, and the North, to know that, at this session
