im. 1848.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Oregon Bill—-Mr* Bowliiu
H. of Reps.
Spanish settlement of one, the English established
themselves on another at a place called Egmont.
in 1769 a dispute arose between the two countries
about the island in possession of Spain. England
claimed upon her prior naked discovery, 172 years
before, against Spain's subsequent discovery and set-
tlement; and as England had the lion's argument—
the power—Spain had to yield, in the face of the na-
tional law, which protected her in her possessions.
Apply these doctrines, which, in the arrogance of
her power, she administers to others, to herself, and
where would be her title to any portion of the north-
west coast of America? upon the early discoveries.
But passing by that epoch, she was equally un-
fortunate in her subsequent attempts upon Oregon.
Cook did not arrive at Nootka until four years after
the Spaniards, and betrays this fact, by acknowl-
edging that he found amongst the savages the imple-
ments of civilized life. He attempted no settlement
—though the Spaniards did, both at Nootka and on
the main land. Cook never touched any part of
Oregon proper. The; Spaniards did; and combined a
first settlement with the prior discovery, as the
King George's sound company learned to their sur-
prize, when they went there with their grasping ra-
pacious spirit to monopolize the trade and territory.
They found Martinez in command at Fort San Mi-
guel, when the Argonaut, commanded by Colnet,
made her appearance, in 1789; and a dispute arising
about jurisdiction, Martinez put an end to it by ar-
resting the British commander and sending him to a
Spanish port, San Bias. This was the beginning of
the difficulties, which finally resulted in the Nootka
treaty, between England and Spain. During the
same year the governor general of India sent out an
expedition under Meares, with about seventy Chi-
nese, who, before they were discovered by the
Spanish commander, erected a house and fortified
it. They, however, shared the fate of their prede-
cessors upon discovery, by being broken up and
driven off. The refusal to permit these intruders to
quarter themselves in the previously-occupied Span-
ish province, aroused agreat deal of furious indigna-
tion in England. War with Spain was threatened.
It was made the subject of a communication from
the King to Parliament, and all the importance pos-
sibly given to it, to draw attention from the iniqui-
ty of the base transaction. It was nothing more
nor less than a base premeditated attempt to rob
Spain of her possessions; and when they were foil-
ed by the bold and fearless conduct of Martinez,
their fury rose just in proportion to the prize they
had missed. When they formed their King George's
Sound Company, after the model of the licensed
robbers of India, they knew Spain was in posses-
sion of the country, and had been ever since before
Cook was there. They knew she had been the
first to explore the country—the first Europeans
that doubled the capes Mendocino and Blanco—the
first to discover the river (Umqua) Aguilar—the first
that found the inlet to Columbia river—the first that
visited Nootka sound—the first that discovered the
strait of Juan de Fuca—the first that formed any
establishment on any part of the northwest coast,
south of the Russian settlements. She knew that
Spain's was the prior title, both by discovery and set-
tlement. Yet, relying upon her overgrown power,
and Spain's weakness, she undertakes to force her
into negotiations about her own undoubted property,
and then, by the arts of diplomacy, trick her into
grounds for a quarrel and a conquest under plausi-
ble pretexts before the world.
Finally, after all their threatening war, and voting
supplies for it, they forced Spain, in her then unpre-
pared condition for war, into the treaty of Nootka
sound. It was signed at the Escurial, October 28th,
1790. As they had no color of title before, it may
be proper to ieok into the treaty itself, and see what
they gained then. The following abstract, taken
from a report, may serve to illustrate:
"Art. 1 stipulates for the restitution of the property of
British subjects dispossessed by Martinez.
''Art '2 engages to make restitution of, or compensation
for, any like seizures which might have been subsequently
made.
"Art 3 provides that the respective subjects of Spain and
Great Britain shall not he disturbed or molested, either in
navigating or carrying on their fisheries in the Pacific
ocean, or m the Soxith beas, or in landing on the coasts of
those seas, in places not already occupied, fur the purpose
of carrying on their commerce with the natives of the
country, or of making settlements there: the whole sub-
ject, nevertheless, to the restrictions and provisions speci-
fied in the three following articles.
•'Art. 4 guards against contraband trade with the Spanish
settlements in America.
",Art. & agrees that in any settlements to be made by
either party, 'the subjects of the other shall have free access,
and shall carry on their trade without molestation.,
"Art. t> provides for the free continuance of the fisheries
on the east und west coasts and islands of South America,
south ol the occupation of Spain, and concludes: 'Fm -
tided. That the said respective subjects shall retain the lib-
erty of landing on the coasts and islands so situated, for the
purposes of their fishery, and of erecting thereon huts
and other temporary buildings serving only for those pur-
poses.' "
It is worthy of remark, that at the time this treaty
was made, Spain claimed the entire sovereignty of
the country, and was in possession of it; her flag
was flying at Nootka sound over the walls of Fort
San Miguel, and yet the treaty is perfectly silent as
to the sovereign right of the country. Indeed that
was not then the dispute; it was not the subject of
complaint, but the alleged wrongs done to British
subjects, in breaking up their establishments for trade.
This time, at least, cunning overreached itself.
What did England gain by that treaty? Precisely
what she had before, and would have had with
any civilized nation with whom she was on terms of
amity, notwithstanding she gives it the imposing
title of a joint occupancy. She secured, by the
terms of this treaty, the privilege of not being dis-
turbed or molested in navigating, or carrying on
their fisheries in the Pacific ocean, or in the South
seas, or in landing on the coasts not occupied, for
the purpose of trading with the nations or of ma-
king settlements there; which are afterwards qual-
ified to huts or temporary buildings. There is
nothing enumerated here that was denied them by
the Spanish before. The first expedition that was
arrested and sent off, csme under the command of
Colnet, to take possession in the name of the King
George's Sound Company. The second expedition
under Meares, was one projected by the governor
general of India, and was so far executed before
they were discovered, as to have erected a fortifica-
tion. They were both ejected; not for coming to
fish or trade with the natives, or build temporary
huts; but for attempting to take possession and for-
tify, which were acts inconsistent with the acknowl-
edged sovereignty of Spain. There was no stipula-
tion for a joint sovereignty or a joint possession;
but for the exercise of privileges in the Spanish
territory, not denied them before. The flag of
Spain was not to be torn down, but continued to
give its folds to the breeze, after, as it had before the
treaty. What, then, did England gam by the
Nootka treaty? Nothing to bolster up her rotten
and unwarranted pretensions.
Having thus shown the title to all the Oregon
country indisputably in Spain, I shall proceed to
show how we became possessed of that title. It
was by a clear, distinct cession from Spain, in the
treaty commonly called the Florida treaty. The
third article of that treaty, after describing the lim-
its between us and Spain in the south and west, de-
fines the line to continue north until it intersects the
42d parallel of north latitude at a point east of the
Rocky mountains, and then calls to follow that par-
allel west to the Pacific ocean; and concludes with
the following clause of mutual cession:
"The two high contracting parties agree to cede and re-
nounce all their rights, claims, and pretensions to the terri-
tories described by the said line; that is to say, the said Uni-
ted States hereby cede to his Catholic Majesty, and renounce
forever all their rights, claims, and pretensions to the terri-
tories lying west and south ofthe above described line, and,
m like manner, his Catholic Majesty cedes to the said United
States all his rights, claims, and pretensions to any territo-
ries east and north of the said line; and for himself his heirs,
and successors, renounces all claim to the said territories
forever.''
By which all that territory north of 42 degrees,
and west of the Rocky mountains, is conveyed to us
in the most full and ample manner, conferring upon
us all the title Spain had to the Oregon Territory.
The validity of this cession has never been brought m
question. Then I flatter myself that I have fully
demonstrated that the original title to all this coun-
try of the Oregon was in Spain, and that we have
succeeded to that title by a treaty of cession.
But, as against English pretensions, we have a su-
perior title, founded upon the discoveries mid settle-
ments of our own citizens. It is to be borne in mind
that neither Drake nor Cook ever touched the
soil in the now Territory of Oregon; and the mouth
ofthe Columbia had only been seen, not entered, by
any of the Spanish navigators. They certainly dis-
covered the point where the mouth, by subsequent
exploration, proved to be, and named the promon-
tory that overhangs )t; but, as to their knowledge of
the river, we are left wholly m the dark. After the
treaty of Nootka sound, English navigators were
sent out to explore the coast, and contributed a great
deal of information by their labors. But the Co-
lumbia was even yet, at that late period, wholly un-
known to the civilized world. The glory of first en-
tering that great river was reserved to a citizen of
the United States—Capt. Robert Gray, of the ship
Columbia, from Boston.
It appears from the narrative, that some enter-
prising citizens of Boston projected, for the first
time in the United States, the circumnavigation of
the globe. For this purpose two vessels were
equipped—the ship Columbia, and sloop Wash-
ingto n; the former commanded by Captain Ken-
drick, and the latter by Captain Gray. They set
sail from Boston in the autumn of 1787. After a
ong delay they reached Nootka sound, and enter-
ed into traffic with the natives for furs. Captain
Gray was put in fommand of the ship Columbia,
and proceeded with his cargo of furs to Canton,
where he exchanged them for teas, and returned to
the United States. He was immediately sent back
again to rejoin the sloop Washington, and receive
the furs that had been collected. It was on this
voyage he made his great discovery, which will
transmit his name, together with that of his ship, to
after generations. On the 7th of May, 1792, he
came in sight of land in latitude 46 degrees 10 min-
utes, and anchored in what he called Bulfinch's
harbor; and, on the 11th of May, he entered the
river which he named after his ship, Co jumbia, and
proceeded up it, about fourteen miles. He remain,
ed in it until the 21st, landing and holding inter-
views with the natives, and took formal possession
of the country in the name of the government of
the United States. During the summer he fell in
company with the English explorers under Van-
couver, and informed them ofhis discovery of the
great river of the West. In October following,
1792, Vancouver sent Captain Broughten to explore
the river discovered by Gray; and he ascended it
some seventy miles,examining its shores. From this
it is clearly evident that the American navigator
Gray was the first of the civilized nations who dis-
covered and entered the river which drains nearly
the whole Territory of Oregon; extending in its
branches from 42 degrees to 53 degrees north lati-
tude, collecting its waters from the base of the
Rocky mountains in that whole extent. If, then, that
principle of international law be sound, which gives
to the nation discovering the mouth of a river the
whole extent of unappropriated country watered by
it, then the right of the United States must be valid
upon this discovery. Prior to this discovery there
was not even a settlement in any portion of this vast
territory, except the Spanish settlement at the
entrance of the strait of Juan de Fuca. Up to
this time, the main land does not seem to have at-
tracted the notice of the English, who were partic-
ularly engaged in endeavoring to supersede Spain by
in getting hold of the settlement of Nootka sound,
on duadra's island, entirely separated from the main
shore.
Following up Gray's discovery, the government
of the United States projected an expedition in
1804, to explore the country, which was committed
to two gallant young officers, Clark and Lewis, who
executed their great charge, amidst almost unex-
ampled hardships, with a fidelity that reflects im-
mortal honor upon their names. They took the
route through by land, scaled the Rocky mountains,
amidst eternal snows, decended upon the waters of
the Columbia, and followed them to the Pacific,
noting in their course such observations as would
tend to enlighten the public upon our vast posses-
sions in the northwest. They returned here in the
winter of 1807, and the journal of their perilous
expedition was soon thereafter published to the
world. This opened a new field to American en-
terprise, pointing out a direct path to the rich com-
merce of the Indies.
Accordingly, in 1808, the Missouri Fur Com-
pany of St. Louis, under Manuel Lisa, with a be-
coming spirit of enterprise, pushed their operations
over into this newly explored region, and estab-
lished a fort on the head waters of Lewis river, the
southern branch of the Columbia. This was the
first establishment ever formed by white men in the
country drained by the Columbia. In 1810, Astoria
was established by an American company at the
mouth ofthe Columbia river; and captured m 1812
by the British, who were then at war with the
United States, as an American port, and Amer-
ican property,' subject to capture by the rules of
war.
Here isa discovery in 1792; the country explored
by the government in 1804, J805; and lQQGj settle-
