Jan. 184$.
APPEMttfc 1*0 fttfi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
28th Cong 2d Sess
Annexation of Texas—Mr, Payne.
H. of Reps.
they spring. It is die land wWe winter reigns
eternal amidst the heights, but of a mild and ba'my
temperature below, where gentle winds, catching
freshness from the snow girt mountains, impart
health and vigor in their sweep along the vales. It
is the land where nature has stamped her impress
in the most gigantic form. Her mountains are bold,
rugged, and towering in solitary grandeur amidst
the clouds. Her rivers are upon a scale the most
magnificent—the Columbia alone spreading her
tributaries over a vast territory of country, embrac-
ing in their extent over 11 degrees of latitude and
5 degrees of longitude. Her valleys are large, beau-
tiful, and fertile—the Wiilamet alone is as extensive
in its area as England, with her eighteen mil-
lions of population, and almost as rich as the
delta of Egypt. It is a land of extremes,
comhining all that is beautiful with all that is wild
and romantic m nature; where, wandering amidst the
flowers of summer, you may gaze upon the deso-
late regions and rugged forms of never ending win-
ter; the land whose mountain fastnesses, like the
Swiss Alps,gives a perpetual guaranty of security to
her people. In a word, it is the land of rich valleys,
barren wilds, mountain wastes, noble streams, and
perpetual fortresses of protection. This is Oie^on;
such as she is, rLe uouis, not to be yielded up to
bold pretensions unsupported by title.
In a commercial point of *> lew, Oregon is of in-
calculable impor^nce to this country, destined,
from her position, to work revolutions in trade,
which now only enter into the day dreams of the
enthusiast. The discovery of the power of steam
has lent a new impetus to nations! and individual
enterprise: and we may fondly anticipate that the
day is not fni distant, when the long circuitous
route to the Indies will £ive place to a more direct
one through Oregon. The rich commerce of the In-
dies, whose trade made Tyre "Queen of cities,"
and reared Palmyra in the desert, is destined in the
progress of events to rear a mightier emporium of
commerce in Oregon, than Tyre or Palmyra in
the palmy days of their greatness. That rich
trade, in the progress of events, will find
its way through the gorges of the Rocky moun-
tains into the rich valley of the Mississippi,
to be exchanged for its surplus productions;
scattering wealth, glory, and prosperity in its march.
When that day comes, Oregon is the great centre of
trade, and must control the destinies of the com-
merce of the northwestern ocean, and of India and
America. Then if it is to control our commerce,
let it control it in our own hands. Let it be subject
to the enterprise of our own people, and not of a
foreign power, whose interest it would be to cripple,
not advance' our prosperity.
Besides, sir, our own security demands of us
prompt and immediate action in occupying this
country If we would not place a foreign foe in im-
penetrable fortresses in our rear—to guide, direct,
and animate the intermediate savages along the line
of our frontier, to harass and murder our people,
we must act, and act at once. England is not idle
m fortifying her possessions in Oregon; and if we
are wise, we will not suffer ourselves to be amused
with protocols, until she is prepared to make every
pass in the Rocky mountains a new Thermopylte,
and set us at defiance. It is more than idle to wait
for negotiations. The people will not consent to
surrender any portion of that territory which is
their own, and whicu is so essential to their further
prosperity and security. If we could, with craven
spirits, perpetrate the deed, they would never ratify
it—no never-—whilst they felt they had a country
at stake, and an arm to strike in her behalf.
The people have long regarded Oregon as ours,
and have looked forward with bright anticipations
to the day when the hardy pioneers of the West,
the advance guard m the spread of civilization,
should make the stars and stripes float to the breeze
on the shores of the Pacific. And they will not
tamely yield to ihe saenfice of any portion of it to a
foreign power. They will do much to secure the
peace, the harmony, and the good will of other na-
tions; but they will not even purchase these bless-
ings at the slightest sacrifice of national honor, or of
the soil consecrated to liberty. On this question, as
on many others, the popular feeling has outstripped
the tardy councils of the nation, and has settled
into a determination, which is irrevocably fixed,
that Oregon must be occupied—not to the disgrace,
but to the honor and glory of the republic. They
will notsubmit to have a hostile foe planted upon
our reai, and the commerceofthe Indies intercepted
from the valley of the Mississippi, by the interfer-
ence of foreign powers upon our Own soil. Delay
but enhances the difficulties that gentlemen seem
anxious to avoid; submission to the one wrong but
arouses the cupidity of the aggressor to perpetrate
others; until forbearance ceases to be a virtue, and
we are compelled to act at last, and regain, with blood
and treasure, what might have been saved by manly
firmness. We have determined the question of right,
and why hesitate to vindicate it? If we have be-
stowed upon England courtesies, which she pleads
into concessions, the sooner they are withdrawn,
the better for the peace and happiness of both coun-
tries. The people are looking with absorbing inter-
est to the present action of this House upon the
question of occupation. They expect prompt and
efficient action at our hands, in favor of the rights
of our own country. Let us not disappoint their
hopes. Let us perform our duty in rescuing from
dismemberment that beautiful portion of the repub-
lic. Let us, by this act, demonstrate to the world
that we are resolved to preserve its soil from the
desecration of a foreign flag, and our own honor
untarnished by a tame submission to wrong. Let
us at once, by the passage of this bill, lay the crude
foundation of a republic in Oregon, which, it re-
quires not the spirit of prophecy to foretell, will one
day give laws to the commerce of the northern Pa-
cific, and rival the proudest States of ancient or
modern times. This is what legal right, national
honor, and the voice of the people alike demand,
and ill the sacred names of justice and patriotism
will maintain, or, if such be their destiny, perish in
the attempt.
SPEECH OF MR. PAYNE,
OP ALABAMA,
In the House of Re-p7-esentatires, January 4, 1845—On
the joint resolutions for annexing Texas to the
United States.
Mr. Chairman: It is not my purpose to deliver a
fourth of July oration upon this occasion. I be-
lieve the subject under consideration is susceptible
of being sustained by the, argument; and, so far as I
am capable, my remarks shall be directed to that
object. I take this occasion further to remark, that
I shall not descend from the elevated grounds upon
which the advocates of the annexation of Texas
should stand, to notice the pitiful argument of "ne-
gro-breediw;" alluded to by the gentleman [Mr. J.
R. Ingersoli,] who has just taken his seat. Nor
would it be decorous in me to speak of the experi-
ence of that gentleman in the art of "negro-breed-
ing" upon this floor.
I considesthe annexation of Texas one of those
great national questions which is to decide whether
this government shall recede from her present great-
ness, or advance to the higher destiny which yet
awaits her. It is a question of vast importance to
posterity, involving the interest of unborn millions
more than it does the present generation. I cannot,
therefore, consent to discuss or settle the question
with reference to the petty views of the village, poli-
tician, under any circumstances; but more especially
as regards his devotion to the black, and enmity to
the white race.
In discussing this subject I shall only present two
or three points; which, it seems to me, involve the
whole question. Indeed, the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,] who represents the
opposition upon the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
presented all of the points in the case, in the mani-
festo which he proclaimed upon the presentation of
the report of that committee by the chairman, [Mr.
C. J. Inc.ersoli,.] In that manifeito the gentleman
from Massachusetts said: "the annexation of Tex-
as was not authorized by the constitution;" it
"was unauthorized by national law; would be dis-
honorable to the nation, and highly inexpedient."
Sir, I had hoped some gentlemen would precede
rne in thisdiscussion, who would have sustained the
grounds assumed by this manifesto. In this I have
been disappointed. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. J. R. Inof.rsoll] has adopted one ofthe
arguments in the manifesto, but has permitted all
the rest to stand on the simple ipse dixit of his friend
from Massachusetts. But as that manifesto pre-
sents all of the material points in the case, my re-
marks shall be confined to each of the points thus
presented.
Has this government the constitutional power to
admit new States into this Union? In order to settle
this question, I refer to the third section of the third
article of the constitution of the United States, in
these words; "New States may be admitted by Con-
gress into the Union;" but with the following limita-
tions: "No new State shall be formed or erected
within the jurisdiction of any other State, nor atiy
State be formed by the junction of two or more
States, or parts of States, without the consent of the
legislatures of the States concerned, as well as of the
Congress."
Now, sir, we propose to annex Texas subject to
all of the limitations imposed by the constitution.
We do not propose to form a new State within the
"jurisdiction of another State, nor by the junction
of two or more States, or parts ofStates." All that
we propose to do is, to admit Texas as a State into
this Union. The power conferred on Congress to
admit new States into the Union covers the case.
It is an expressly delegated power, general in its
character, and perfect in itself; and needs no auxilia-
ry aid derived from implication. The words are
there, and you cannot remove them; nor can you
change their meaning. And let it be remembered
that this specific grant of power authorizing Con-
gress to admit new States into the Union is not re-
stricted or limited as to number, or as to territory
out of which said States are to be formed; and any
attempt to impose such limitation upon the legiti-
mate power of Congress is as much a violation of
the constitution as would be the exercise of a power
by Congress not authorized by the constitution.
Eut, sir, it is contended that this general power to
admit new States into the Union was limited to the
territory belonging to the confederacy at the adop-
tion of the existing constitution. From wh t i lm!-*-
of the constitution is this idea derived? I hazard
nothing in defying the designation of any sin a
clause in the constitution; it is only an inference, or
an assertion witiiout one solitary reason to s:*snin
it; and is mischievous, because it denies to Conjxrs s
the judicious exercise of an expressly delegated
power.
Aside from this view of the subject, neither the
previous action of the government, nor the cotemp>'-
raneous history of the constitution, justifies ?.ny
such conclusion. By the purchase of ttie Louisieit i
territory three States have been added to this Union
already, and several others will be added in progress
of time-
Will the gentleman contend that the States of
Louisiana, Arkansas, and Missouri, were admitted
into the Union in violation of the constitution? If
such be his opinion, what are the obligations rent-
ing upon him to move the expulsion of those States,
and thereby lestore the constitution to its origin..!
purity? If the power to admit new States be limited
to territory belonging to the confederacy at the adop-
tion of the constitution, then the connection of each,
of those States with the federal Union is unconstitu,
tional. But the previous action of this government
in admitting those States into the Union, contradicts
the idea; and I presume there will be no motion now,
or hereafter, to expel them therefrom. Again: does
any rational man believe that the wise and patriotic
men who framed the constitution, and who knew
the geography of the South and West, as they did
also" the metes and bounds of our then territory,
would have given us a constitution so limited in
power, or so carelessly woided, as to render one-
half of that tenitory a barren waste, an uncultivated
wilderness? The only outlet for the products
of the West is the Mississippi river. The
possession and jurisdiction thereof, from the fuur-
tam to its source, is indispensably necessary to af-
ford security and protei tion to the vast and ii." reus-
ing commerce, expoit ami import, which Hosts upon
its bosom. Did not the framers of the coi,stiti)ti.i-;
see this? and was it not wise and patriotic in them to
engraft a clause m the constitution by which the
new States could be admitted into the Union, there-
by obtaining undisputed jurisdiction of this "kin-i or
fio'ds?"
Sir, how weak and contemptible would have been
a different policy, when viewed in connection with
the rising greatness of our infant republic! It i ,
therefore, clear to my mind, that when the framets
of the constitution authorized Congress to admit
new States into the Union, unrestricted in num-
ber, or as to territory, it was with the \ievv of ex-
tending the confederacy to such limits as the wisdom
of experience might prove to be necessary. In this
opinion I am'sustained by the coteraporancous his-
tory ofthe constitutitm. The proposition was made
in the convention which framed the constitution to
limit the power of Congress to admit new States to
the territory then belonging to the confederacy; that
proposition was rejected, and the power, as now ex-
isting, inserted. It is, therefore, a pretty conclusive
