168
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Payne.
inference, that the convention designed to do exact-
ly what the letter of the constitution shows they
have done.
This view of the subject is also strengthened,
when we reflect upon the feelings and wishes of the
people at the adoption of the constitution. It was
believed that a forcible separation
of the British possessions in North America would
occur in process of time; and the desire was univer-
sal, when such should be the the case, that this terri-
tory should be erected into States, and admitted into
the Unton. It was to meet the wishes of the people
in reference to that territory, and to secure the com-
mand and jurisdiction of both banks of the Missis-
sippi river—the only outlet of western products—
that the unrestricted power to admit new States into
the Union was conferred on Congress.
But it has been contended that, although we may
have the power to admit a State into the'tJnion, wo
have no constitutional power to acquire territory.
In my opinion, a distinction is here taken without
the existence of any real difference When a gov-
ernment acquires territory, settled, cultivated, and
owned by the citizens, what is it she obtains? It is
jurisdiction and sovereignty over the country and
people, whom she agrees to protect; and the people
thus protected acknowledge obedience to the gov-
ernment which protects them. When a State is ad-
mitted into the Union, what is acquired by govern-
ment? Precisely the same: jurisdiction and sover-
eignty over the people and the territory upon which
t'ley live. Hence the result is the same in both
cases.
But, with due respect for the opinion of others, it
seems to me, to concede that Congress has power to
admit new States into the Union, and yet deny to
Congress the power to acquire territory, involves an
absurdity. How can a State exist without territory?
I do not mean that the territory is the State; but I
do ask how a political association—a body politic,
with all of the attributes of sovereignty which be-
long to a political association constituting a State—
can exist without territory' We all know that such
an existence is impossible. You might just as well
contend that mind can exist without matter. It is
therefore obvious that the constitutional power to
admit a new State into the Union embraces and car-
ries with it the correlative power to annex the terri-
tory belonging to the State. If this be not the case,
the 3d section of the 3d article of the constitution is
a nullity—an absurd connection of words without
meaning. No one pretends that this is the case.
That clause of the constitution confers upon Con-
gress the power to admit new States into the Union,
and with it the corresponding power of acquiring
the territory belonging to the State.
Aside from this view of the subject, there is one
other, which I will present. The'power to admit a
State into the Union is conferred upon Congress, by
express grant, in the constitution: you cannot admit
a Slate into the Union without acquiring the tenitory
belonging thereto: and no one will question that
Congress is invested with full power to use all of
the means which may be found "necessary and prop-
er" to carry into execution all of the specific grants
of power contained in the constitution. If this be
true, the power to acquire territory by Congress is
undoubted; and the previous as well as contempla-
ted action of the government upon this question has
been, and will be, perfectly legitimate.
Without consuming further time upon this branch
of the subject, I proceed to the second proposition.
Would the annexation of Texas be a violation of
national law' To ascertain whether this would or
would not be the case, I must be excused, for a few
moments, in examining the position which nations
occupy to each other: of course, I mean independ-
ent nations, or States—such as I shall show Texas
to be, before I take my seat.
Nations occupy the same position towards each
other which individuals do m a state of nature; and
the laws governing the one, do the other. National
law, is natural law, with such modifications as will
make it apply to individuals instead of nations.
The first law of nature is self-preservation; to ac-
complish that object an individual may perform any
art within the compass of his power. He may even
take the life of a fellow-being; and if it be done to
preserve his own life, it is fully warranted by na-
tural law. The second obligation of an individual
to himself is to perfect his character; and lie is en-
titled to all of the means necessary for that purpose,
provided he does not trespass upon the rights of
others. The first obligation due by a natioft to it-
$elfis to perpetuate its existence; to accomplish that
Ian. 1845.
H. of Eeps.
object, nations, like individuals, may perform any
act of sovereignty within their power; they .may
cede territory, purchase territory, or acquire it by
conquest; and it is no violation of national law.
Vattel, B. 1, C. 2, says:
"Since, then, a nation is obliged to preserve itself, it has
a right to every tiling necessary for that preservation. For
the law of nations gives us a right to every thing without
which we cannot fulfil our obligations; otherwise it
would oblige us to do impossibilities, or rather would con-
tradict itself in prescribing us a duty, and at the same time
deharring us of the only means of fulfilling it."
The second obligation of a nation to itself is to
perfect the State; and she is entitled to all of the
means necessary for that purpose (for the reasons
already urged) provided she does not trespass upon
the rights of others.
Nations are composed of integral parts; to lose
a part weakens the whole. It therefore follows that,
whatever a nation may do to preserve or -peifect the
whole, it may do to preserve and perfect the parts.
Is the annexation of Texas necessary to preserve
the integrity of this Union, in all of its parts, from
invasion or subjugation in war? This is a debata-
ble question, upon which there may be honest dif-
ference of opinion. But I am persuaded no man,
who is intimately acquainted with the relative posi-
tion of the two countries, can do otherwise than
doubt upon this point. If he does, his country is
entitled to the benefit of that doubt.
What is the position of Texas? For but little
less than one thousand miles she skirts our south-
western frontier. This is physically the weakest,
and, consequently, the most vulnerable part of the
Union; and if war should uijhapily exist at any fu-
ture day, this inevitably is to be the point of at-
tack. The possession of the mouth of the Missis-
sippi, and the subjugation of the city of New Or-
leans, cannot fail to be objects of the fi*st magnitude
to any nation with which we may hereafter be at
war. It is then a matter of vast importance tq us,
to possess and occupy, if possible, every inch of
the gulf coast in that direction. By doing so, the
means of defence would be greatly increased, and
the danger of invasion equally diminished. Sup-
pose, at some future day, the sympathy and friend-
ship now subsisting between Texas and the United
States should be changed into enmity, and war un-
happily exist between the two countries, with Eng-
land the friend and ally of Texas: what then would
be the condition of New Orleans? Texas would or-
ganize an army on the, banks of the Sabine, take
possession of Baton Rouge, and cut off from the
city all supplies or reinforcements from the up coun-
try; England would sweep the gulf with her navy,
and blockade the mouth of the Mississippi, and then,
at the proper time, by combined movement, attack
the city from above and below at the same instant.
Under this state of things, how long could the city
of New Orleans resist the enemy? Not for a single
day: unconditional submission would be the only
alternative. Had Packcnham adopted this plan of
operations in 1815, do you believe the skill, energy,
or valor, of a Jackson, sustained by the unflinching
courage of his Tennessee militia, could have re-
Culsed the invader? No sir, never. The city would
ave been sackcd; and the page of history which
records and immortalizes the heroic achievement of
that gallant defence, and adds so much to the mili-
tary renown of our common country, would have
recorded another defeat, to be added to the long list
of disasters which had well nigh disgraced our
arms in the preceding part of the war of 1812.
But this is not all. If Texas should become our
enemy, her proximity to the hordes of savage tribes
now upon our frontiers, deeply exasperated with this
government and panting for revenge at real or im-
aginary wrongs, would afford her every means of an-
noyance. By a little address, she could soon excite
a savage war; and then, by a combination of thediffer-
enttribes upon our western frontiers, the war whoop
of the Indian would be heard along our whole line,
from the Sabine to the lakes Who can say, in view
of all these facts, he is clearly of the opinion that the
annexation of Texas is not necessary to preserve
the integrity of this Union in all its parts? If he
dovbts, I repeat again, his country is entitled to the
benefit of those doubts; and posterity will not hold us
guiltless, if we fail to place the country beyond the
reach of contingency. Sir, it may be said that these
are only anticipated dangers; and that "sufficient
unto the day is the evil thereof." I admit the fact; but
is it not the part of wisdom to guard against dan-
gers which experience has proved to exist' and does
not the warning voice of the father of his country
speak from the tomb, and advise us in time of peace
to prepare for war? Isnot caution the parent of safety?
What would be the folly of a nation, which, seeing
danger at a distance, should refuse to 'guard against
it?. Sir, it is the duty of a natio.n to anticipate dan-
ger, and she is entitled to all of the means necessary
to protect herself against it. Vattel says, b 1, chap. 2,
p. 6'—"A nation or State has a right to do every thing
that can help to ward off imminent danger, and keep
at a distance whatever is capable of causing its ruin."
It is, therefore, obvious, looking to- the possible
dangers which may occur to the peace and security
of the nation, from a failure to annex Texas to the
united States, that we are fully authorized by national
law to unite-the two republics. Again: as a means
of discharging the second obligation of a nation
to itself—viz: to perfect the State—we have a right
to annex Texas to the United States, Texas assent-
ing; because we should not interfere with the rights
of others, (as I intend to show before I take 'ray
seat;) and let it not be said in after times, that, from
wickedness or folly, we have failed to perform a
duty sanctioned by our own constitution, by nation-
al law, and the natural interest of both republics.
Who is to judge of this necessity? 1 answer, those
into whose hands the sovereignty of the nation is
placed. It is their duty to oerform all of the obliga-
tions due by a nation to itseff; and hence they must
judge of the means of fulfilling those obligations. If it
is to be done by treaty, the executive and Senate must
act. If by law, the legislative department of gov-
ernment must decide. It is, thorefore, respectfully sub-
mitted, that, had the late treaty annexing Texas been
ratified, it would been legitimate: should it now be
annexed by law, or joint resolution, it will be legal.
I have now, sir, demonstrated, so far as it regards
the action of this government, that we have full con-
stitutional power to annex Texas, and thatarinexa-
tion is not prohibited by national law. It is said
Mexico has rights not to be overlooked in this
question. If this be true, I should be amongst the
last to violate those rights; but, upon the other hand,
if it is clear and undoubted that Mexico has, by her
own voluntary act, lost all title or equitable claim to
Texas, then she is not to be consulted or considered
in this transaction; because in that case Texas is a
sovereign State, and has a right to transfer her soil
and sovereignty, or perform any act she pleases,
provided she does not violate the rights ofother sov-
ereign States.
Now, sir, is Texas a sovereign State? And let
me here remark that I deem the establishment of
this fact a settlement of the whole question. In or-
der to ascertain whether Texas is or is not a sover-
eign State, we must look for one moment at the
character of the Mexican confederacy, and at the
terms upon which the State of Texas and Coahuila
became a member of that confederacy. I shall not
go into a history of the convulsions and revolutions
with which that ill-fated country was successively
scourged by Hidalgo, Iturbide, and Bustame'nte.
That is the work of the historian. My present ob-
ject is only to remark that after the execution of
Iturbide, the people of Mexico were left free to make
a constitution, aud adopt a form of government suit-
able to their condition, and that they did exercise
this undoubted right, by forming ami ratifying the
celebrated constitution of 1894. With the excep-
tion of an established religion, the right of trial by
jury, and the power of the executive, with the con-
currence of his council, to proclaim edicts, which
had the force of law, during the recess of Congress,
that constitution was an exact model of our own.
Now, sir, to place this question beyond future
cavil, and to prove conclusively that the Mexican
confederacy was formed of separate and distinct
sovereignties, or States, I call the attention of the
House to the first, second, third, and fourth articles
of the constitution of the State of Texas and Coa-
huila, which 'was then one of the States of the
Mexican confederacy:
"Aht 1. The States oI Coahuila and Texas consists in the
union of all its inhabitants.
"Art. 2. It ib fret and indyjimdrnt of t.he other Vmtcd Mer-
wmi States, find of every nther fuwi «7i pov er aw! di'/iniiion.
•'Art. 3. The sovereignty of the States resides mtmnully
and essentially 111 the general mass of the individuals who
compose it.
"Aut. <1 In all matters relating to the Mexican federation,
the State delegates its faculties and powers to the general
Congress ot the same; but m all that properly relate* to the
administrat ion and proper government of the State, it retains
it<; liberty, independence, and sovereignty."
Sir, thece were the repeated and express .declara-
tion of the sovereignty and independence of Texas
and Coahuila, contained within the State constitu-
tion, when admitted into the Mexican confederation.
If Mexico had not considered' Texas and Coahiute
