Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Payne.
H. of Reps.
an independent State, would she have admitted her
into the Union, with these open declarations that
she was sovereign and independent, not only of the
co-States of the republic, but of all foreign powers?
"We cannot suppose any government would commit
so gross an act of folly; because, if the co-State3 of
the confederacy were not distinct sovereignties, this
recognition of their sovereignty by the general con-
federacy was calculated not only to mystify and per-
plex the form of government, but to plant within its
own bosom the seeds of dissolution. We are not
left to conjecture or reason upon this subject, how-
ever. The fourth article of the Mexican constitu-
tion of 1824 recognises as members of the then con-
federacy nineteen States—separate and distinct sov-
ereignties—each regulating its own internal con-
cerns; while, by a few general provisions, the whole
were united into one body politic.
It is therefore evident that the government of
Mexico, in 1£24, was a confederacy of separate and
distinct sovereignties, united together by a writ-
ten agreement, or constitution, assented to by all
parties, and binding only because of that assent.
This compact, written agreement, or Mexican consti-
tution of 1824, was irrevocable; and was so declared
by the last clause of that instrument, in these words:
"The articles of this constitution, and the constitu-
tional act which establishes the liberty and inde-
pendence of the Mexican nation, its religion, form
of government, liberty of the press, and division of
the supreme powers of the federation, and of the
States, can never be reformed."
Now, sir, as the assent of the parties, each for
itself, to this perpetual compact, or constitution, im-
parts vitality to the instrument, and makes it bind-
ing upon the parties to it. Any change or altera-
tion of said compact, against the consent of any one
of the parties thereto, releases said party from all ob-
ligation arising under the compact thus changed or
altered.
Was this compact changed or altered? It was
abrogated, annulled. In proof of this I appeal to
history.
What are the tacts? After the elevation of Saaita
Anna to the presidency, the historian remarks:
"He entered upon the duties of his new station in the
month of May. In his inaugural addiuss he alludes* to the
revived hopes of Mexican liberty which late events have
excited, and makes liberal promises that no effort shall be
wanting on his part to fulfil them. He says the object of
his life has been to secure to Mexicans the full enjoj ment
of their rights, .and to break the triple yoke of ignorance,
tyranny, and vice; and that the exercise of power in his
hands shall not be the instrument of 'vengeance and oppres-
sion. Vain hopes and empty promises; as a few short
months sufficed to prove.
"Indeed, before the expiration of the month in which the
new President was inaugurated, events occurred winch
gave rise to strong suspicions of his sincerity and induced
apprehensions which were but too fatally realized. Some
disturbances took place among a body oi troops m the vi-
cinity of the capital. The President found it convenient to
go in person to quiet them. Intelligence was soon commu-
nicated to the city that these troops had pronounced against
the federal constitution, arrested the President, and de-
clared him dictator. No further notice was taken of this
afl'dirhy the public authorities. The officers commanding
the troops who had thus dared to 'seize the person of the
chief magistrate, and held him m prison for a few days, so
lar from being called to account for this gross outrage, were
promoted to more important posts, and enjoj ed, in a higher
degree, the confidence of the administration. Subsequent
events prove, beyond doubt, that this movement of the
troops was planned by order of the President, to try how
lar pubhc sentiment was prepared for his designs."
No incident of Mexican history furnishes abetter illus-
tration of the true character of Santa Anna than this. Be-
neath a frank, open, and sincere exterior, i<? concealed an
aitful, malignant, ami treacherous character, at which the
feelings of all honorable men revolt, and they avoid hnn
with as much care, even under profession of favor, as they
would the sirocco blast, filled with pestilence and death.
The historian continues:
"Santa Anna, having resolved to break off' all connection
with the liberal part>\ by whose aid lie had been enabled to
depose Bustamente, for that purpose it w as necessary to re-
peal the laws of the last Congress. This he attempted at
once, through the general council—their joint decrees, as be-
fore remarked, having the force of law .
"But finding this body true to their trust, thp next stfp
was to procure pronunciamenlos, or the resolutions ol tow n
meetings, which were immediately held every where by
his adherents. These soon flow ed m upon the President
from various quarters. Tney denounced all the reforms ol
the last Congress, and pledged him their support at every
hazard. Thlls fortified, tiie President no lunger sought to
make terms with the present Congress, but proceeded to
dissolve the general council by a decree, and threatened to
disperse them by force, if they did not voluntarily retire
By placing armed troops where\er it was deemed neces-
sary, to overawe the suffrages of the people, a large ma-
jority of members, disposed to iavoi the designs of the
President, was secured m the next Congress. In his mes-
sage to this Congress, which assembled in January, 1S35,
the President very plainly intimates his opinion tfiat the
people of Mexico are uuworthy of free government; and as
the present Congress had been chosen lor no other purpose
than to reflect the opinions of the President, measures were
immediately taken between them to reduce the people to
that condition which he imagines to be better suited to their
character. Prommciamentos (town meetings) were again
resorted to. These were now made to favor centralism,
and, on the strength of the resolutions, Congress proceeded
to abolish the constitution of 19C4—abolishing, at the same
time, all the State constitutions and State authorities.'"'—See
Niles's History of Mexico, p. 204.
Thus ended the Mexican constitution of 1824,
and with it the last hope of civil and religious lib-
erty to the Mexican people. The historical account
just given of the repeal of the Mexican constitution
of 1824, is virtually & nfirmed by Mr. Rejon, in his
late correspondence with Mr. Shanon. In a letter
dated 31st October, 1844, Mr. Rejon, in speaking of
Texas, remarks: "They did, in effect, rise in rebel-
ion , and then finding a pretext in the variation of the
federal eon.stihi.tion," &c.., &c.; and again he adds,
"Maliciously denying the right of the nation to vary
her institutions, &c., &c.
Now, sir, by abolishing the Mexican constitution
of 1824, and "varying her institutions," Mexico
voluntarily released the co-States of the confed-
eracy from all obligation arising under the consti-
tution she had thus repealed; and as that constitu-
tion was the only bond of Union between States,
they were left in the exact position to each other
•which existed before they became members of the
confederacy. We have already seen that said
States were sovereign and independent, before enter-
ing the confederacy.
Sir, if this view be correct, the absolute sovereignty
and independence of Texas does not admit of a
doubt; and the world must henceforth consider Texas
as a sovereign and independent State. But in or-
der to place this question properly before the coun-
try, and to satisfy our own people upon the subject,
let us look to the character of our own confederacy,
with the forms of which all are familiar, and of which
the Mexican confederacy was (with slight varia-
tions) an exact model.
The States of this confederacy are united by the
federal constitution; to it they have assented, and
we are bound only because of that assent. Suppose
a usurper, under the pretence that the people were
incapable of self-government, (by the aid of a
licentious soldiery, stationed at the ballot-box to
overawe the free suffrages of the people,) should
secure the election of a majority of this body,
friendly to the ambitious views of said usurper; and
suppose that this body, thus constituted, when as-
sembled, should proceed to abolish the constitution,
by which we are alone authorized to sit here,
and legislate fur the country: would not each
State of the Union, by the abrogation of that
constitution, be released from all obligation
to the co-States of the confederacy, and would
they not fall back upon their original sovereignty'
Would not each State occupy the same position
which it occupied before the confederacy was form-
ed? No one can doubt these propositions. If true
with regard to this confederacy, it is equally true
with regard to the Mexican confederacy.
But, sir, I go one step farther upon this subject.
If the confederacy of Mexico, or this confederacy,
were governments "proper," with absolute power,
(as contended by Mr. Webster,) yet I maintain
that those who rule the State are bound to respect
the organic law—the constitution of the State; and
if they do not,butviolatethe constitution, they break
the contract between the people and their rulers,
and absolve the former from all allegiance or obliga-
tion to obey the latter. I am aware that some wri-
ters upon national law maintain, that if a prince is
invested with absolute authority, no one has a right
to curb, much less to resist his will; and that the
State has no remedy, but must suffer and obey with
patience. But the more approved writers upon na-
tional law contend that—
"Aa soon as ojyrince attacks the constitution of a State,
he breaks the contract which bound the people to him, the
people become free by act of the sovereign, and can no
longer view him but as a usurper, who would load them
with oppression. This truth is acknowledged by every
.sensible writer w hose pen is not enslaved by fear, of render-
ed venal by interest."—Sre Valtfl, h 1, ch -1
It is, therefore, clear and undeniable that, whether
you regard the Mexican constitution of 1824 as
forming a confederacy of sovereign States, with de-
fined and limited powers, or agovernnient "proper,"
with absolute and undefined powers, Texas was
made free by the voluntary act of Mexico, in abol-
ishing the Mexican constitution of 1824.
Let us now see whether Texas does not come
within the rule established by writers upon national
law as constituting a sovereign and independent
State. Vallel says (b. 1. ch. 1.) "every nation that
governs itself, under what form soever, without de-
pendence on any foreign power, is a sovereign
State." Texas has governed herself for nine years
without dependence on any foreign power, and
is, therefore, a government de facto and dejure, with
all the attributes of sovereignty belonging to this or
any other sovereign State. This point being settled,
what rights of Mexico will be violated by the an-
nexation of Texas to the United States? Mexico
and Texas are equally sovereign and independent.
The action of either is independent of the other. If
Mexico desired to annex herself to England or
Spain, Texas could not plead a violation of her
rights; nor can Mexico enter a similar plea, if
Texas should annex herself to the United States.
Sovereigns are equal; and that equality is absolutely
necessary to preserve the independence of each, ft
is therefore obvious that no legitimate right of Mexi-
co will be violated by the annexation of Texas to
the Union. But it is said the assent of Mexico is
necessary before we should annex Texas. That ar-
gument is founded upon the supposed rights of Mex-
ico involved in the issue of annexation; but, as we
have already seen that Mexico has no interest in-
volved in this issue, <the argument falls to the
grourd, and is worthy of no further notice. Sir,
can sovereign States confederate? Vattel remarks:
"Several sovereign and independent States may
unite themselves together by a perpetual confedera-
cy without ceasing to be, each individually, a per-
fect State; they will, together, constitute a federal
republic. Their joint deliberations will not impair
the sovereignty of each member, though they may
in certain respects put some restraint on the exercise
of it in virtue of voluntary engagements. A person
does not cease to be free and independent when he
is obliged to fulfil eneagements which lie has volun-
tarily contracted." The history of the world abound
in examples of such confederacies. The cities of
Greece, the united provinces of the Netherlands,
the Heivetic body, and our own form of'govern-
ment, may be numbered among the most striking.
Sir, said Mr. P., I have now established, first, that
this government has the constitutional power to admit
Texas as a State mio this Union; second, that we
should violate no principle of national law by doing
so; third, that Texas was made free by act of Mex-
ico; fourth, that Texas is a sovereign State; fifth,
that sovereign States may legally confederate.
Now, I ask, where is the violation of national
honor should Texas be annexed to the United States?
Will the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Wre-
throp] contend that the union of the ancient cities
of Greece, the seven united provinces of the Nether-
lands, the Helvetic body, or of the twenty-six
States of this Union, involved national dishonor''
No, sir, no. If the gentleman admits the voluntaiy
abandonment of Texas by Mexico, and the subse-
quent sovereignty of that State, facts which history
proves, and he cannot deny, then there is no ground
upon which to rest the count in his manifesto of
national dishonor, resulting from the annexation of
the two countries.
But it is said war with Mexico will result from
the annexation ofTexas. This may be the conse-
quence, but it is not the necessary result, of annexa-
tion. This government and the government of
Texas are both sovereign States; and no union or
confederation between them affords just cause of
war to any sovereign State. Mexico or England
may declare war against us for the exercise of this
undoubted act of sovereignty; but if they do,
they must count thecost, and answer for the conse-
quences.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. C. .T. Iw-
gersoi.l] has told us that there would be no wai;
and that money would secure tranquillity. Sir. I
believe, with him, we shall have no war.; but I dis-
sent from his mode of preserving peace. Our se-
curity against the attacks of the world is not in
money, but in the firm breasts and strong arms of oar
countrymen. Let England remember that the men
of Chatmet are still here; and let not Mexico forget
that the heroes of San Jacinto are still living. If Eng-
land and Mexico could not conquer Texas and the.
United States when divided, neither can they con-
quer us when united. We shall give no just cause
of war to either Mexico or England; but if war be.
actually declared, we shall make the most of if.
Neither the club of Hercules, nor the voice of syco-
phancy, shall deter us from pursuing that course,
which the honor and interest of the United States
and Texas demand.
Why, then, shall the annexation of Texan Le re-
