ltd
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
Jail. 184$.
sisted? This brings me to the lest count ill the gen-
tleman's manifesto. Is it expedient to annex Tex-
as to the United States, upon the terms indicated
by the resolutions now under consideration? What
are those terms? Texas cedes to the United States
all her "territories,«to be held by them in full prop-
erty and sovereignty, and to be annexed to the said
United States as one of their territories, subject to
the same constitutional provisions of other ter-
ritories. This cession includes all public lots and
squares, vacant lands, mines, minerals, salt lakes
and springs, public edifices, fortifications, barracks
ports and harbors, navy and navy-yards, docks!
magazines, arms, armaments and accoutrements
archives and public documents, public funds, debts,
taxes, and dues unpaid," &c.
This, sir, is the public property ceded by Texas,
to which must be added her national sovereignty,
vastly more valuable to us than the whole of her
property, immense as it is. What is the considera-
tion to be given by us? First, the protection and po-
litical security which the stars and stripes will afford
her; second, to pay her debt, not to exceed ten
millions of dollars; that is the consideration. It is
objected that this consideration is too great.
Let us examine the validity of this objection.
I take one item of the public property only—I mean
her public domain. By reference to a report made
by the Commissioner General of the Land Office to
the Texian Congress, in 1841, 1 find the unappro-
priated lands in Texas amount to 136,111,327 acres.
This report was submitted to Congress before the
subject of annexation was agitated, and at a time
when there could be no motive for deception; and,
therefore, may be more fully relied on as authentic.
Now, sir, 136,111,327 acres of land, at 7g cents per
acre, amounts to $10,000,000—the full consideration
to be paid for all the property of Texas, including
her sovereignty. Is this not cheap enough? I ask
the American people if they do not believe that the
public land in Texas is worth 72 cents per acre?
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. .T. R. 1n-
gersoll] has told us that the surpassing fertility of
Texas soil will not only depopulate the older States,
by inducing emigration, but will so greatly increase
the aggregate of tropical productions, that tfiey
will be valueless—not worth producing. If this
be true, the lands in Texas are very cheap, dirt
cheap, at 75 cents per acre. We know that the set-
tlement of Texas will greatly augment the amount
of tropical productions; but in or out of the Union,
this is to be the case; and, so far as I am concerned,
I prefer that we, the people of the United States,
and not England, should regulate those produc-
tions.
But, sir, I have another word or two to add in
reference to the price to be paid for Texas land, if
this proposition is adopted. Two or three days ago,
pending the discussion upon the bill to reduce and
graduate the price of the public lands, it was urged
with much warmth, by those who are now opposing
the annexation of Texas, that the refuse land of our
own country is worth $1 25 cents per acre; and
that the price thereof ought not to be reduced. If
this be so, are not the choice lands of Texas worth
that sum? No one will pretend that the choice lands
of Texas are less valuable than the refuse land of
this country; and if gentlemen really believe the re-
fuse land of this country is worth $1 25 cents per
acre, why do they refuse to pay 7] cents per acre
for the choice lands of Texas? How is this appa-
rent inconsistency to be reconciled? The truth is,
the land in both countries, of equal quality, is worth
the same If the average value of our land is §1 25
cents per acre, as the law regulating the sale there-
of supposes, the average value of the public domain
of Texas is not less. Now, sir, taking this esti-
mate as the basis of my calculation, what
amount of money will 136,111,327 acres of
land bring, at $1 25 cents per acre? It will
bring $170,139,158 75 cents. For this vast
amount of public property we are required, by the
resolutions now ur.der consideration, to pay only
§]0,000,000—not 6 per cent, upon the aggregate
amount. Do you desire a better bargain than this?
Can you over expect to get Texas upon better
terms? If not, the whole objection to the annexa-
tion of Texas, founded upon the score of paying
her debt, is a mere humbug—a petty clap-trap, de-
signed only to reconcile apatrioticconstituency to the
treasonable action of the representative. As a mere
question of dollars and cents, the transaction would
be highly profitable to the United States.
But, sir, there are other advantages resulting from
the annexation of Texas, not to be overlooked.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Payne.
We shall acquire a country capable of sustaining
five millions of souls. What would be the proba-
ble amount of agricultural products per head per
annum? The soil of Texas equals in fertility the
soil of the State of Mississippi; and the agricultu-
ral products of the former would doubtless equal
per head those of the latter. By reference to the
returns of the last census, we find that the agricul-
tural products in Mississippi amount to $100 per
head. If Texas should produce an equal amount,
that country, when populated, and judiciously cul-
tivated, will produce in agriculture $500,000,000 per
annum; and let it be remembered that this enor-
mous aggregate will be composed almost exclu-
sively of sugar, cotton, rice, and other tropical
productions; two-thirds of which will be exchanged
for the productions, and manufactures of other
States, and consumed by the people of Texas; leav-
ing one-third (that is, $166,666,666) to be sent
abroad per annum, and exchanged for new values;
which, when brought into our market, would prob-
ably be worth $200,000,000. What an immense
increase of national wealth per annum ! Is not the
ten millions of dollars a pitiful consideration for
such vast advantages?
Let us look at the effect of all this upon your
treasury. Suppose the annual export of $166,666,-
666 be exchanged for the productions of foreign
countries imported into our own, and subject to a
20 per cent, duty, (the lowest rate of duty advocated
by any one:) what would be the amount of revenue
placed annually into your treasury? Not less than
$33,033,333.
Sir, if, in process of time, the annexation of
Texas would increase your national wealth £200,-
000,000 per annum, and add to the revenues of the
nation $30,000,000 per annum, (to say nothing of the
value of her public domain, which is worth, at $1 25
]ier acre, upwards of §70,000,000,) is not the objec-
tion to annexation, founded upon the obligation to
pay her debt, amounting i,o $10,000,000, the most
penny wise and pound foolish objection ever ad-
dressed to sensible men, or controlling the action of
a deliberative body? The American people will so
consider it, let this committee think or act as they
may.
The annexation of Texas to this government
is one of those great questions of universal interest
which addresses itself with equal force to all sec-
tions of the Union. To the South it gives political
security; and, although its settlement and cultivation
must greatly increase the aggregate of tropical pro-
ductions, no good can result to any by excluding
her from the Union. Cotton, the great American
staple, is now raised in such vast abundance that
the home market is scarcely worth considering. Out
of two and a fourth milliowi of bales of cotton now
raised in the United States, only three, hundred
thousand are consumed by our domestic manufac-
tures; the remaining two millions of bales are left
to seek a foreign market; and cottons raised in
Texas, whether m or out of the Union, must come
in competition with our own cottons in foreign coun-
tries. By the annexation of Texas to the Union,
therefore, the South loses nothing; but by her exclu-
sion from it, she may be seriously injured, if not
ruired. Suppose England to form a commercial
treaty with Texas upon principles of reciprocal free
trade, conditioned that England should discrimi-
nate in favor of Texas cotton, by laying a duty
of four cents per pound upon our own: what
then would be the condition of the South? Our
cottons would be excluded from the English mar-
ket, and we should be confined to a contemptible
home maiket, not wot th considering. Annexation
will prevent such discriminations, and leave us the
market of the world, to be regulated only by the
law of demand and supply.
But it is said annexation will diminish the value
of our real estate. It may, or may not, do so; pos-
sibly for a short peiiod of time such will be the
case; but it will also add to the value of our perish-
able property, and thus we shall be more than re-
munerated for any temporary decline in the value
of our lands. The South may be benefited, but i
cannot be injured, by the annexation of Texas, ;
and, theiefore, will not object to it. Let us now j
turn to the West. j
Sir, no portion of this vast confederacy is more :
directly and deeply interested in the annexation of |
Texas than the West. In this newly acquired j
country she will find an ample and increasing market j
for her flour, pork, and hemp. Looking forward to a j
period of half a century, who can estimate the de- j
mand for those articles m that country? But we |
H. of Reps.
may be told that, if the soil of Texas is so produc-
tive as it is represented to be, she will supply herself
with those articles. I admit the surpassing produc-
tiveness of her soil; and yet I deny that she can ever
supply her own wants in hemp, pork, or'flour. To
prove this, let us refer to experimental facts as de-
veloped in the history of the States of Mississippi
Alabama, Louisiana, Arkansas, and S. Carolina. Do
those States, old as some of them are, supply them-
selves with those articles? No, sir; large importa-
tions of these very articles are annually "made from
the West, to supply the demand for those States.
Why is this the case? Because, in South Carolina,
Alabama, Arkansas, and Louisiana, the tropical
production of cotton, rice, and sugar can be raised.
They are more profitable articles of agriculture-than
hemp, grain, and stock; and hence interest,the pro-
pelling spring to human action, will induce the cul-
tivation of the more profitable crop, to the exclusion
of the other. Texas is more thoroughly adapted to
the production of tropical products than either of
the States to which 1 have adverted; and her labor
must forever be directed to the culture of sugar, cot-
ton, and rice. These are her great staples, the ele-
ments of her wealth and prosperity; and must ex-
clude the less valuable products of hemp, grain, and
stock. If this be so, from what quarter is she to
obtain her supply of these articles? From the
West—the West only. Who, then, is so much in-
terested in the annexation of Texas as the West?
Sir, I repeat, no part of the Union is more deeply
interested in the accomplishment of this great na-
tional measure than the hemp and provision States.
Well, sir, let us now examine the effect of the
annexation of Texas upon the interest of the manu
facturing and navigating sectioii of this Union. It
is obvious, for reasons not necessary to enumerate,
that Texas never can be the rival of New England
in either of those branches of industry and enter-
prise. She must, therefore, be her patron and cus-
tomer in both, if annexed to the United States. We
have already seen that Texas is capable of ' .stain-
ing a population, when fully settled, of five millions
of souls. If this population should consume, in
goods, wares, and "notions" of New England man-
ufacture, ten dollars per head, Texas will afi'ord a
home market to New England of $50,000,000 per
annum—equaling one-half of the entire export of
the United States at this time; and when we*reflect
that this "home market," thus created, is to he
secured and perpetuated by a revenue duty of not
less than twenty per cent., it is impossible to esti-
mate the value of this market to New England.
I'ut, if Texas be not annexed to the Union, that
market, with all its accruing benefits, must be lost to
her.
The benefits resulting to the shipping interest of
New England are not less important. The five mil-
lions of persons which must, ultimately inhabit
Texas will (tf tlieir agricultural products equal per
head those of Mississippi) produce not less than
$500,000,000 per annum. This vast amourt of
pioducts will be chiefly sugar, cotton, and rice; a
very small amount of which can be consumed by
the producer. That being the casu, this cotton, su-
gar, aid rice, must necessarily be exchanged for
other articles of necessity, taste, and luxury, requi-
red by the people of'I'exas. The value of transpor-
tation, in the exchange of those commodities, I have
no means of estimating; but all agree with me in the
opinion that it must be very considerable, and vast-
ly important to those who transport them. If Texas
be annexed to the United States, New England
reaps the fruits of this carrying trade abroad, as well
as coastwise; but if not, she loses it. Will the wis-
dom and patriotism of New England reject a mens-
ure beneficial alike to herself and all other sections
of the Union?
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Joseph R. I.vgf.rroi.l] has urged two reasons
against the annexation of Texas, which I cannot
omit to notice. First, he resuscitates the exploded
argument that an extension of territory will result in
a dissolution of the Union. Why this error? Be-
cause, in my opinion, the gentleman reasons from
false premises. In despotic governments, where the
law is proclaimed in the edict of the monarch, and
obedience is enforced by the sword, 1 admit that an
extension of territory would weaken the govern-
ment, because the law emanates from a despotic cen-
tre, and radiates to the circumference. The people
have no hand in making, nor do they feel the re-
sponsibility of protecting the law. Under these cir-
cumstances, the further you remove the victim from
the power which oppresses him, the less does here-
