Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
2§th Cohg 2d Sess.
Oregon Bill—Mr. Thompson.
H. of Reps.
spect or fear that power, and the more readily wHl
he resist it; and hence despotic governments are
strongest and safest when confined to the smallest
possible territory. But such is not the case in
representative repablics, as ours is. Thank
God, in our country the people make the
law through their representatives, and as that is the
ease, the corresponding obligation to enforce them,
rests upon every member of society. What limits
can be set to a government thus organized? If vir-
tue and intelligence exist with the masses, it might
embrace Christendom, and still not be weakened.
The same obligation upon, the citizen to obey and
proteet the law of his own creation, would exist
upon a circumference fifty thousand miles distant,
that exists at the centre; and therefore the govern-
ment cannot be weakened by extension of territory.
It is in the virtue, intelligence, patriotism, and vol-
untary obedience to yaur law, that you must look
for security, and the perpetuity of the government.
This country is now too extended, the people are
too free, too sensible, and too powerful, to be ruled
by force, or by fraud: coercion is out of the ques-
tion. If this be true, every new State added to this
Union will be a pillar of strength to the whole; and
if there be danger to our political fabric, it will re-
sult solely from a refusal to plant those pillars from
weak or vicious motives, at such points, and under
such circumstances, as wisdom and experienpe may
show to be necessary.
The gentleman secondly opposes the annexation
of Texas, because it will "perpetuate the institution
of slavery." Sir, is the counterpart of this prop-
osition true? If Texas be not annexed to the United
States, will slavery be abolished' That the gentleman,
nd m ost of those who act with him, entertain this
opinion, I have no doubt; but let me tell him and
the world, that they have never yet counted the cost
of the abolition of slavery, or of this pretended hu-
manity, in bewailing the supposed misery of the
slave. That institution was one of the compromises
of the constitution, and is protected by it. If it be
the object of the gentleman and his friends to push
this question to its consummation, he must first
tear down the pillars which sustain our republican
edifice; and if he should then escape the fate of
Sampson in its fall, let me tell him, important as is
the interest invested in that political fabric, lie
will not yet have paid one tithe of the cost of his
contemplated scheme. When necessity shall force it
upon us, we take this matter into our own hands,
and we shall vindicate our own rights, let it cost
what it may. But I lament to see this great na-
tional question settled with a sole reference to the
question of slavery. You oppose the annexation of
Texas, because you beiieve it will perpetuate slavery;
and that, if it be not annexed, slavery will be abol-
ished.
What say you, southern gentlemen, (now oppos-
ing the annexation of Texas,) to the reason given
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his op-
position? Do you concur with him? If not, by
what reason are you moved? Will you now act
honestly? go home and tell your constituents that
the annexation of Texas is resisted and defeated,
if defeated at all, exclusively upon the ground
that it will "perpetuate the institution of slavery
Or what excuse will you give for this war upon
southern institutions? The gentleman making it
stands high m your partv—among the most eloquent
of your leaders—of spotless integrity, and unblem-
ished reputation. How can you palliate or excuse
his course to your constituents, especially if you
vote with him against the annexation of Texas,
and by your combined efforts defeat the measure?
Heretofore, when charged with co-operating w ith the
enemy of southern institutions, you have pleaded the
senile weakness of one, the low, vulgar, and con-
temptible insignificance of another agitator of slav-
ery upon this floor, as an apology. You can do so
no longer. How, then, are you to justify your co-
operation with them upon this occasion' Will you
refer to the malcontents of the republican party m
this or the other branch of Congress, arid justify
your own course, by pointing to them as an exam-
ple? This can avail you nothing; but, on the contrary,
will pronounce a still stronger condemnation upon
you. If the cords of party are too weak to hold
together the members of the republican family, and
a portion of the northern democracy should oppose
Texas because it will perpetuate the southern insti-
tutions, should it not admonish southern whigs
to spurn the trammels of party, and stand by the side
of the friends of annexation in protecting their homes,
fire-sides, constituents, country'
Sir, there can be no excuse for party subser-
viency in this great struggle? Texas must be an-
nexed. The people have pronounced the edict.
The constitution authorizes it. National law does
not prohibit it. The interests of both countries de-
mand it; and we must perform our duty. If the
measure fail now, the people must and will reform
their law-makers. This House will be reformed.
The Senate must be reformed. And finally the
great measure of the union of empires must be
achieved.
The mallet fell, announcing the expiration Mr.
P.'s allotted time.
SPEECH OF MR. THOMPSON,
OF MISSISSIPPI,
In the House of Representatives, January 30, 1815—
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on the bill to provide for the establishment
of a territorial government in Oregon.
Mr. THOMPSON addressed the Committee as
follows:
Mr. Chairman: The discussion and passage of
this bill through the House will form an era in the
history of the legislation of this country; and I
should have preferred that, before I had been called
upon to express my own views, those who are in
the opposition had given to the committee and the
country the grounds on which they will resist this
measure. Although this bill has been under dis-
cussion for three days, little or no difference of opin-
ion has been manifested. And if we all are really
of one mind, why debate the question longer? The
excitement which pervaded this House a few days
since on a kindred subject, which went far beyond
anything I had ever witnessed on any previous oc-
casion, and which resulted so gloriously for our
country, would naturally be followed by depression,
and induce the minority to halt and hesitate in
throwing themselves in opposition to this great on-
ward movement of our country.
This is no ordinary question of an hour. The
consequence of our decision on this bill relates not
to the present generation merely; it reaches to pos-
terity, and influences the fate of unborn millions.
It leads to the seeurement or the loss of an empire.
It may seriously affect our foreign relations, and it
does extend important rights and privileges to a very
respectable portion of American citizens. A ques-
tion of such magnitude, and fraught with such con-
sequences, is not to be lightly considered, nor passed
with cool indifference.
It is quite perceptible that certain gentlemen de-
sire to get up and maintain the idea that the occupa-
tion of Oregon is a northern question. Some north-
ern gentlemen seem to claim the peculiar guardian-
ship of the bill; and appeals are made to southern
members to come forward and sustain this great
northern measure. However much it may suit cer-
tain gentlemen who occupy a peculiar position on
another measure for the acquisition of territory, so to
regard this, I deny their right to appropriate it ex-
clusively to themselves. The annexation of Texas
and the extension of our laws over the Territory of
Oregon, come home to the hearts of the whole
American people, and intimately concern every in-
dividual who loves the honor, and glory, and power,
and position of hi3 country. Both are great na-
tional questions; both equally worthy of the favor-
able consideration of the statesman and philosopher;
and although the measure before us may increase
the political strength, wealth, and power of the
North, yet, as a southern man, and devoted to her
interest*", I disdain all such reflections; I fling
them behind me, and come up to its support with
all the ability 1 possess, with an earnest zeal for the
public good, and m that spirit of devotion to the
whole country with which I invoked gentlemen to
support the resolutions for annexation. I hate this
eternal pandering to sectional prejudice—this ever-
lasting effort to beget alienation of feeling, and to
engender strife where harmony and unity should
exist. My constituents were for Texas, but they
were for Oregon too. When they spoke out for an-
nexation, they said occupation too. If they ex-
pressed themselves more frequently, boldly, and
prominently for the lost Pleiad—the lone star—it
was simply because stronger anu more vigorous re-
sistance was made to her return to the family circle,
and that resistance, proceeding from the absurd
ground that she had defiled herself with the institu-
tion of s!a\ery, and not because they loved her
more sincerely than the distant territory on the
South seas. And now, while the pulse beats
high, and the joy is deep at the assurance
this House has given that the lost one is to be re-
stored, our work is incomplete till we extend the
Eegis of our protection over the far-off wanderer in
the valley of the Columbia. The people have de-
cided both of these questions, and nought is left to
us but to record their verdict. If the timid should
fear evil results, let them remember the people hava
taken the responsibility. If, in the late election, the
American people did not clearly and distinctly settle
the subjects of Texas and Oregon, they decided
nothing. These were prominent topics of discus-
sion everywhere, and at the ballot-box the sovereign
people expressed their opinions. They arc not for
the South or the North. I do.not admit that any hon-
orable member on this floor can rightfully consider
the occupation of Oregon in any other light than aa
an American question. And 1 defy gentlemen to
point to a single instance in the past •istary of this
republic where the South has refused to make sac-
rifices—ay to pour out her blood to sustain the
honor of the country and the rights of the American
citizen. And I think the expression made a few
days since by the gentleman from New York, (Mr.
Rathbujj,] that he predicted we should hear nothing
from Oregon till the Texas question was disposed of
m the other wing of the Capitol, was unjust both to
the distinguished head of the State Department ai d
the executive, and unjustifiable by any facts yet de-
veloped to the country. Texas is one question and
Oregon another; and the true friends of the country,
in my estimation, will sustain both, and, if both
cannot be obtained, will not falter in their advocacy
of either, irrespective of all connection betwern
them.
Mr. Chairman, we are not now called upon to de-
cide our right or title to the exclusive sovereignty
over this Territory of Oregon. We all know that
conflicting claims are set up by distinction en,A.eui's
to this country, and the adjustment of these dif-
ferences belongs to the treaty-making power. The
constitution which we are bound to support, ard
the treaties made in pursuance thereof, are the su-
preme laws of the land; and any statute passed by
Congress conflicting with the provisions of either, is
a nullity—a mere brutumfulmen. In all our action
we must keep within the bounds of the power con-
fided to us; and the true and proper inquiry now is,
how far we can go without a violation of any of the
stipulations of existing arrangements.
Citizens of the United States, amounting in num-
ber to well nigh three thousand, and increasing at a
rapid ratio, have left the present organized limits
of the United States, and settled on the west side
of the Rocky mountains, in the beautiful valley of
the Columbia. They look back to this Capitol,
and pray the Congress of the United States to ex-
tend to them laws for the government of their soci-
ety, and to spread over them the standard of their
countiy. It is to be presumed thatall are willing to
go as far as in our power lies, to meet their wishes,
and secure to them protection. This, at all events,
is the decided feeling of the great mass of t he Amer-
ican people. We ore not asked to violate treaty
engagements. We are not expected to be guilty of
bad faith. We are not justified by public opinion
in going beyond the threshold of our power. But
we are required to exert all the powir that is left us
for the protection of the American citizen.
The question to be determined, then, 1 repeat, is
how far can we extend our jurisdiction in accord-
ance with the meaning and spirit of existing
stipulations? Can we erect a territorial government'
Can we send governors and judges and sheriffs to
our people beyond the Rocky mountains, for the pur-
pose of maintaining good order, and enforcing right,
and commit no breach of honor or good faith with
Great Britain? I hold that we may; and to illus-
trate this position is my present purpose.
On the 20th October, 1818, Great Britain and the
United States eniered into a convention, the 3d arti-
cle of which isasfollows:
"Art. 3 St is agreed tliatany country that may be cl.i.m-
ed by cither party on the northwest coast ot Anenca. wesS-
wai.t ot the Stony mountains, shall, together With r.: h-n-
i .jr- bays, and crooks, and the navigation ot all i iVc :\s w ,th-
in the saroe, he fire and upm forthe term ot ten yea is lrcmi
the date of the signature ot the present convention, to the
vessels, citr/ens.and suhject-i of the two powers it ben..j
well understood, that this agreement is not to be construed
to the pn jnrtioe of any clanr. v, Inch eitlx r of the two high
contracting parlies mm/ hav? to any purl uj fn' c«"u) ij: nor
shall it be taken to ati'ect the claim of an; otk._> jioio-l or
State to any pait of said country: the only object of the
high contiacting parties, in that respect, beiiit; to {.lewwt
disputes and dinerenee.s among themselves.."
In 1827, this agreement was indefinitely extend
