Jan, 1845.
AM>EM)iX TO tMe congressional globe.
i n
§SfH C'owa Se'ss.
Oregon Bill—Mr. Thompson.
H. of Reps.
Mr. Pitt—the prime minister at that'time—worked
himself up into a furious passion at the insult offer-
ed the English flag; rejected, with haughty disdain,
the friendly tender of Spain; and called on Parlia-
ment for the supplies necessary to avenge the
wounded honor of the government. Parliament was
not to be outstripped in zeal for war and blood in a
crusade for honor, and voted the extraordinary sup-
ply of a million sterling, and Pitt prepared for the
"clash of resounding arms." Spain was unprepared
for war; and in this position of the parties the trea-
ty of Nootka was made, with presumptuous de-
mands on one side, and faltering concessions on the
other. To illustrate the character of this negotia-
tion, I will refer to one provision alone. The first
article of the treaty of Nootka provides for the resti-
tution of the buildings and tracts of land of which
the subjects of Great Britain were dispossessed by
a Spanish officer on the northwest coast of North
America. Now Gray and Ingraham, our own dis-
coverers, were called upon by the Spanish govern-
ment to testify as to the facts pertaining to the sei-
zure of the vessel, and the aggression upon the Eng-
lish by Martinez. They say:
"We observe your wish to be acquainted with what
house or establishment Mr. Mears liad at the timo the Span-
iards arrived here. We answer in a word—none. * *
As to the land Mr. Mears said he purchased of Maquinna, or
any other chief, we cannot say further than we never heard
of any. * * * Besides this, we have asked Maquinna
and other chiefs, since our late arrival, if Captain Mears
ever purchased any land in Nootka sound. They answered
HO.*'
I introduce this to exhibit the bold and unprinci-
pled lone and nature of English diplomacy. By
this treaty, British subjects acquired the right of free
access, and of carrying on their trade without mo-
lestation in any settlements to be made by either
party—to fish, to land on the coasts and islands sit-
uated in the northwest territory, "for the purposes
of their fishery, and of erecting thereon huts and
other temporary buildings serving only for those
purposes." When this treaty was attacked in Par-
liament on a vote of thanks to the King for his suc-
cess in this negotiation, Mr. Pitt, the organ of the
government, maintained "that though what this
country had gained consisted not of new rights, it cer-
tainly did of new advantages."
This is the treaty on which England now relies to
sustain her claims to Oregon. This is the basis on
which all her superstructure rests. Remove or de-
stroy this, and the whole fabric falls and leaves that
trading and bargaining government without even a
pretext or shadow of right, and puts her in her own
proper attitude of that hard master "who reaped
where he had not sown, and gathered where he had
not strewn."
Now, Mr. Chairman, it is a principle of interna-
tional law, universally observed and enforced among
civilized nations, that all treaties are ended by a war
between the parties. And after the return of peace
they must be formally apd distinctly renewed, or
they are forever null and void. To this rule, at all
events, England can never object; 10 its obsei vance
she can never refuse assent. When the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] m 1815, at
Ghent, insisted that this rule did not apply to the
privileges our citizens derived from the treaty of
J 783, to fish on the banks of Newfoundland, and to
land on the British American coasts for the same
purpose, and which were suspended by the war of
1813, Lord Bathhurst replied: "She (England)
knows of no exception to the rule that all treaties
are put an end to by a subsequent war between the
same parties "
In the year 1796, hostilities began between Spain
and Great Britain, bv a deelaiatiou made by Spain,
and continued till the year 1814, when the treaty of
Madrid was agreed upon and signed; in wIik.L the
treaties of commerce which sub?i*.ted between the
two nations in the year 1796 were revived, ratified,
and confirmed. And as the treaty of Nootka was
nut distinctly alluded to and revived, unless it is to
be considered in the light of a treaty of commerce,
it is now abrogated and annulled. And if the treaty
of Nootka was a "tieaty of commerce," and re-
vived under that generic" term, England can claim
under it only commercial "advantages;" and under
those privileges it is worse than arrogant presump-
tion for her to claim any right or title to the country
west, of the Rocky mauntains.
Mr. Chairman, f have omleavored, in as concise
a manner as possible, to explain the present relative
position of the pai ties to this Oregon territory. Is
it, then, in violation of the true spirit and meaning
of the third article of the treaty of 1818 to pass the
bill upon your table? It behooves us to-be so care-
ful of our honor as never to infringe right. The
bill provides for the organization of a territorial gov-
ernment throughout the whole extent of Oregon
lying between the Rocky mountains and the Pacific
ocean, and the parallels of42 and 54 deg. and 40min.
of north latitude. It provides for the appoint-
ment of a governor, judge, and all the officers neces-
sary to a well-regulated community. " It enacts
laws, establishes military posts, and organizes a
militia necessary for the protection and well-being
of the citizen and the government. At the first
blush, this would have the appearance of an exer-
cise of exclusive sovereignty and exclusive posses-
sion over this territory, which would operate to the
prejudice of the rights of British subjects. But
such a construction would obviously be at variance
with the intention of the legislature. Our la\Vs ate
made for our own people, and our own people only.
British subjects can enjoy their commercial privi-
leges, have free ingress and tegress, carry on trade
with their own people and the Indians without mo-
lestation, in perfect consistence with the jurisdiction
herein extended over the country.
In 1815, the British negotiators were very anxious
to obtain the free navigation of the Mississippi river.
Suppose it had been granted: would the United
States, from being debarred from extending the
laws of this government over its own citizens in all
the country which lies upon its waters? No one for a
moment could have tolerated such an absurdity.
The English vessels would have been permitted to
pass; but our law and our flag would have covered
and protected our own people. It has been a case
of frequent occurrence for the United States to or-
ganize territories, while various Indian tribes were
acknowledged to be in possession of a very large
portion of the country, and lived and were governed
by their own rules and customs, without any refer-
ence to our laws; yet the citizen of the United States
all the time, in the same territory, was amenable to
our laws. In addition to this, how has England in-
terpreted her own rights in this matter. I hold in
my hand an act of Parliament, passed 2d July, 1821,
entitled "An act for regulating the fur trade, and es-
tablishing a criminal and civil jurisdiction within cer-
tain parts of North America." By this enactment,
courts are established, suits can be instituted, crim-
inals can be arrested, and process can issue and be
served, "within the said Indian territories and other
parts of America not within the limits of either of
the provinces of Lower or Upper Canada, oi of any
civit government of the United States." By this, it
would appear those English courts have jurisdiction
over all that vast territory which lies west of Arkan-
sas, Missouri, and Iowa, being "within no civil
government of the United States."
[Mr. Vinton of Ohio said, what does it say about
lands.'}
Mr. T. continued. I am glad the gentleman has
reminded me of that. It enacts that "all suits and
actions relating to lands, or to any claim in respect
to land, not being witlnn the province of Upper
Canada, shall be decided according to the laws of
■> that part of the United Kingdom called England."
This evidently extends all the principles of the com-
mon law m regard to land to this very country now
claimed by the United States. The only clause ex-
cepting the citizens of the United States from the
the operation of this law, so far as lean ascertain, is
found m the fourth section—viz: "that nothing in this
act contained shall be deemed or construed to au-
thorize any body corporate, &c., to claim or exer-
cise any such exclusive trade within the limits speci-
fied in si>id article (referring to the convention of
1818) to the prejudice oi exclusion of any citizen
of the United States of America who may be en-
gaged in said trade."
Here is a practical interpretation of the provisions
of this treaty given to it by one of the contracting
parties. Under this law our citizens may be arrest-
ed for imputed offences, and earned more than a
thousand miles to stand a vexatious trial before a
hostile court and a foreign jury. A troublesome
trader may be forced to desist from a lawful traffic
by threats and menaces of an unprincipled and un-
scrupulous company, backed by the posse of the
coantry and the power of the courts. For nearly a
quarter of a century we ha^e submitted to this in-
terpretation of the treaty, and this exercise of juris-
diction, without a protest—without a murmur.
This government, therefore, has acquiesced in this
eonstuiction of that convention. But to remove all
difficulty with gentlemen on this subject, I hope the
friends of this bill will consent to the insertion of
a proviso securing to British subjects in the Oregon
Territory all the rights and privileges which they
may claim by virtue of existing stipulations. And
for the purpose of being clearly right, I would con-
sent to a further proviso that, in the event a British
subject was arrested on a charge of any crime or
felony, he should be delivered up to the British au-
thorities, to be tried by a British court and jury.
The bill only promises that provision shall hereafter
he made for grants of land to such citizens as be-
come actual settlers in Oregon; and I would consent
that a still further proviso be inserted, restrict-
ing the location of such settlement-rights to such
lands as may be ultimately exclusively vested in the
United States. The bill, thus cautiously guarded,
would leave no just ground of complaint, either at
home or abroad. On the contrary, it seems to me
difficult for patriotic minds to differ as to the linb df
duty for this Congress to pursue. When the
American citizen leaves his own country and be-
comes a stranger in a strange land, he pressed for-
ward, fearing ho evil, because he knows that
an insult or injury done or offered to him
is an indignity to his government, and that
her protecting shield will ward off danger, and
her strong arm will avenge his wrongs. Destroy
this faith, this confidence in the citizen in the pro-
tecting care and consideration of his government,
and you strike from his bosom all love of country,
all national pride; you beget in him a feeling of un-
willingness to make sacrifices to promote her inter,
est, and he becomes a coward and a cringing knave
Oil this principle of determined guardianship, our
flag flies at the mast-head of our vessels in the re-
motest seas of the earth; and our seamen are safe in
person and property. They point to the stars and
stripes as the emblem of their country's power and
greatness, and their hearts swell with emotions of
patriotic pride and devotion. No one would impair
the force of so noble an impulse, andj least of all,
a member of an American Congress. Then you
must pass this bill; enact laws for the government
of our people in Oregon; check, restrain, and pun-
ish vice, immorality, and crime; sustain virtue, and
strengthen the industrious and the good. If this
can be done, and the rights of no other people are
violated, will any man object? Can party feeling
prevent unanimity in our action? This yet remains
to be seen.
But it is said that we are dealing with a proud and
powerful nation, and a conflict of jurisdiction will
lead to embittered feeling, and, as a consequence,
war will become inevitable. This cry has been
so often raised, that it has lost its force and ter-
ror. War is never desirable; it is always to be stu-
diously eschewed; and of all the representatives
upon this floor, my constituents have the largest
and deepest interest in the preservation of peace.
Our only great interest is an exporting interest; our
productions are grown with a view to a foreign mar-
ket; all our prosperity and wealth depend upon the
supply we give to their demand for our staple.
War closes their markets, and dries up the sources
of our wealth. If possible, we say, let this cup pass.
But if war, and its long train of horrid attendants, re-
sult from the assertion of riojKt, and the extension of
protection to American citizens, we say, let it come.
He who quails is a dastard. He who gives back, is
unworthy of his birth-right. He who loves his prop-
erty or his life more than the honor of his country, is
a traitor. Nations are like individuals: the man of
pride and honorable bearing lives not amidst con-
stant alarms of personal dangers. Disdaining to do
wrong, or to commit an unjust act, he never falters
or hesitates in the assertion of right, in the perform-
ance of duty; and self-sustained by an uncorrupted
heart and untainted life, he stands up as a lord of
creation, an honor of his species, while the workers
of injustice and the victims of corruption fly from
before him. By such principles, firmly maintained,
and uniformly acted out, a nation will become
honored and respected by the governments of the
world, and beloved and cherished by its people. A
few days ago,on a kindred subject, it was remarked by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. R. Inger-
soll,] that annexation and hostilities with Mexico
were synonymous terms; and, as a consequence,
blood and destruction and the horrid scenes of war
would become familliar to our ears. I believed
then, and I think now, that this is all poetry—mere
fiction, intended to drive the timid from the support
of this great question, which, on the historic page,
will mark the era in which we live. Mexico never
placed herself on the platform of justice and right in
her invasion of Texas. An unprincipled usurpe#
