Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
28th Cons 2d Sess.
Oregon Bill—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
"It grows in great profusion along the banks of boatable
rivers, into which fall smaller and more rapid streams,
which afford an endless number of most excellent mill-
seats. Lumber will, for ages to come, furnish a leading ar-
ticle of export. It can be prepared at a small expense, and
forwarded with a little delay. The demand is great, and
must continue to increase as the population increases along
the coast and on the Pacilic islands. The prices are high,
and will not he very likely to be much diminished."
But, sir, I have neither time nor space for either
geographical or statistical details, if I had, I might
adorn my speech with a description of the best sal-
mon fishing in the world; with a climate as mild as
Italy; with plains always green and always growing;
with hills fertile and mantled with the most valuable
limber, and with lofty mountains, covered with
eternal snow, and pregnant with minerals, as well as
a country teeming with wild game and animals val-
uable for their fur. Oregon is upwards of eight hun-
dred miles long from south to north, and upwards
of six hundred miles wide from east to west, or
from the summit of the Rocky mountains to the
shore of the Pacific; and contains an area of up-
wards of five hundred thousand square miles; and if
the proportion of tillable and pasture lands is what
it is represented to be, it is capable of maintaining a
population of twenty millions.
History.—It is through and by the history of
Oregon that we are to trace our title to that territory;
and, before commencing the history, permit mc to
leferto some principles of national law which all
civilized nations recognise, and have adopted as the
rules by which territory is secured and held, and by
which the peace and tranquillity, as well as the
rights, of nations are maintained.
"AH mankind have an equal right to things that have not
iV.len into the hands of any one, and these tilings belong to
tne person who first takes possession of them When, there-
fore, a nation finds a couuti} uninhabited <uid without an
owner, it msy iau fully take possession of it; and after it has
suiiicicntlv made known its intention or will m this respect,
it cannot be depuved of it by another nation. Thus naviga-
tors going on voj aa;e3 of discovery, furnished with a commis-
sion from their soveieign, and meeting with islands or other
lands m a desert state, have taken possession of them in the
name of then nation; and this title has been usually res-
pected, provided it was soon after followed by a real pos-
session."— Chitty's Vattel.
1 need not refer to the well-known and well-estab-
lished principle of national law, viz: that he who
first discovers the mouth of a river draining a coun-
try in a state of nature, and makes known his dis-
covery, and the nation he represents in a reasonable
time takes possession, becomes the owner of all the
territory drained by such river.
It is laid down in Vattel—
'■That the right of possesion comprehends two things:
fn -t. the <. j :iam, in virtue of which the nation alone may
u->e the country ior tiie supply of its necessities, and may
dispose ol it m such manner, and derive trom it such advan-
UgV'. as it thinks propei, second, the emtme, or the right
oi sovereign command, by which the nation ordains and
i^ulates, at its pleaseie, eveiything that passes in the
country.'"'
Further, by the same author:
' tvhen h n<itnn Ukes possession of a country that never
ye: belong-.] w another, it is conMde.'ed ■ possessing theie
tLc oi sovereignty dt tne adme time uh the do-
I will refer to these established principles of na-
tional law m the course of my remaiks.
We were the first discoverers and the first pos~
-c.sors of the Oregon Territory; we possess the em-
pire, or sovereignty, and the domain; v«e have the
possession and the right to possess, and we are able
to maintain both. So 1 proceed to prove by the
history, first remarking that we have more claims to
title than those of discovery and possession, viz: the
right by purchase and by contiguity, any and all of
which i  better than Great Biitain can show. Of
our light by purchase and by contiguity 1 will also
speak.
I will not perplex my hearers nor my readers
with a specific or detailed account of the navigators
and explorations, figures, facts, and dates connected
with the history of the discovery of the northwest-
ern coast of the Pacific. I will confine myself to a
few of the most prominent, and those best identi-
fied with the history of American discoveries. Soon
after the discovery and conquest of Mexico, (or
such parts of it as were conquered,) Spain pushed
her discoveries in thePacific, and particularly along
the eastern coast. Her first discoveries were the
coast, bays, and harbors of California, on which she
made early settlements as far north aa 42 degrees,
and as high up in the interior as the head of the
Gulf of California, and the mouth of the Colorado
liver;and soearly as, or prior to, 1774 or 1775, took
possession of, and occupied Friendly covg, or Moot-
ka sound, between the 49th and 50th degrees of
north latitude. The leading object with the Span-
ish navigators, as well as subsequent navigators of
other nations, at first was to discover a north pas-
sage from the Pacific to the Atlantic ocean, with a
view to avoid the dangers, time, and expense of
doubling the Cape of Goed Hope, in the prosecu-
tion of Chinese commerce; and for many years
after the discovery and possession of California,
but little attention was bestowed upon discoveries
of the northwest Pacific coast, south of the 55th or
60th degree of north latitude. Navigators gene-
rally satisfied themselves with sailing within sight of
the coast; few of them stopping to examine inlets or
bays, except for the purpose of refreshments or
refitting, and no suitable and safe harbors presenting
themselves between California and Nootka sound,
all critical examinations were neglected. Whatever
preference to title the mere cruising along a coast,
and seeing the land at a great distance, may give to
he first discoverers, Spain has that preference to all
the northwest Pacific region, from the 42d to the 55th
degree of north latitude, for she first navigated the
Pacific ocean,and first discovered the coast in ques-
tion, having before discovered and possessed her-
self of California, from the sources of the Colorado
in the 42d degree of north latitude, to its southern
limits.
In 1543 (for I pass many voyages, because they
are unimportant) two Spanish vessels, commanded
by Cabrelo and Ferrelo (the former of whom died
on the voyage) pushed their discoveries as far as 43
or 44 degrees, making a superficial survey of the
Pacific .coast to that distance; but, like those who
had preceded them, made no discovery of any thing
but the coast, on which they occasionally landed for
refreshments, or for wood and water. In 1578 Sir
Francis Drake arrived in the Pacific. Drake was
a buccaneer and a pirate, by the authority of Q.een
Elizabeth, who privately connived at and privately
assisted him in his expedition, which had plunder
for its principal object. At that time, and for some
time subsequently, the Pacific and southern Atlantic
were filled with pirates of most of the European gov-
ernments, who pursued their iniquitous vocation, if
not by the authority of their governments, with but
feeble and reluctant restraints. Spain, from the fact
that she was the first discoverer of the Pacific ocean
and its coasts, claimed the exclusive right to navi-
gate, fish, and trade in the ocean and on its coasts.
This exclusive right was denied, and was denounced
as an odious monopoly by the other European gov-
ernments; hence the apathy in the restraints upon
piracy. That piracy was called free-trade, and the
pirates were called free-traders; and that free-trade
consisted in plundering every Spanish town on the
coast of the Spanish American and Pacific coasts, as
well as capturing and plundering every Spanish ves-
sel either on the Pacific coast or south Atlantic
oceans. After Drake had plundered every
town on the Pacific coast which he could reach
or find, and loading his vessel with costly, rich, and
valuable spoils, he turned his face towards England;
but, fearing his passage might be arrested by the
Spanish vessels in doubling Cape Horn, he deter-
mined to return home by the Cape of Good Hone.
He sailed north as far the 42d or 43d degree; but the
weather being stormy and cold, and his men suf-
fering therefrom in consequence of the suden transi-
tion from a southern to a northern latitude, ho sailed
south as far as the 38th deg., where he landed on the
Pacific coast, refitted his vessel, pretended to take pos-
session of the country in the name of the crown of
Great Britain, and on behalf of his corrupt, crimi-
nal, and adulterous mistress, Glueen Elizabeth; and
to accept and receive homage and loyalty from the
stupid, ignorant, and naked savages. All this
was vam and contemptible fiummeiy; for, as I
before stated, the Pacific coast between the 42d de-
gree of north latitude and the southern limits of Cal-
ifornia, together with the gulf, adjacent country and
the entire region drained by the Colorado river, had
been discoveied, possessed, and was then occupied,
by the Spaniards. Towns had been erected, schools
established, churches built, as well as commerce,
trade, and agriculture set in operation. And yet!
with all these well known facts staling them in the
face, the British ministers, m all the conventions and
negotiations with our American ministers on the
subject of the title, possession and occupancy of Ore-
gon, have the temerity to set up a claim founded
upon the discoteiy of Francis Drake. Such a claim to
title could only be the offspring of stupidity oi fraud.
The claim is worthy of him whoso discovery gives
it origin; who was himself but a robber and a plun-
derer.
Here is a point at which I may refer to one of
the principles of national law which I presented;
which is, "that when a country is discovered, if it
is the intention of the country making the discov-
ery to avail itself of that discovery, it must not only
make known its intention to possess, but must actu-
ally possess and occupy the same in a short time."
How was it in the case of Drake's discovery? Did
Great Britain avail herself of his discovery and pre-
tended possession, by following them up with occu-
pancy "in a short time?" I believe Captain Cook
was the next English navigator who attempted ex-
plorations on the Pacific coast; and his instruc-
tions from the court of admirality were to at-
tempt no discoveries south of the 65th degree
of north latitude. The sole object of Cook's voyage
was to effect the anxious object of securing a pas-
sage from the Pacific to the northern Atlantic; and
his operations were to be confined north of the 65th
degree—south of which it was known there was no
communication. Drake's plundering expedition
was in the years 1578-9, thirty-five years after the
exploring expedition of Cabrelo and Ferrelo.
Cook's expedition commenced in 1776—that is,
one hundred and ninety-eight years after Drake's.
During all that time I do not know that wc have
any evidence that a subject of Great Britain trod
Oregon soil. Was that taking possession of and
occupying, uiii a short time," the pretended discoveries
of Francis Drake? Drake and his corrupt patroness
had been dead a hundred and fifty years before
Cook's voyage. Everything that lived on the face of
the earth, in England, as well as out of England, had
been consigned to the dust of earth more than a
hundred years. I repeat, that was not taking pos-
session and occupying soon after Drake's discove-
ry; and no title id gained xo Great Britain, even if
Drake's discovery and liis possession were worth
anything at the time it purports to have been made.
And yet, strange to say, Drake's discovery of Cali-
fornia furnishes title to Great Britain for the Oregon
Territory! But in all our conventions with the com-
missioners of Great Britain on the subject of Ore-
gon, we-are presented with a title by the British ne-
gotiators derived from Coofc's discoveries; and this
leads me to return to Spanish navigators, explora-
tions, discoveries, and rights.
Between the time of Drake's and Cook's expedi-
tions, owing to wars and rumors of wars, national
embarrassments, empty coffers, and exhausted
treasuries, the sprit of discovery died for near a
century; and when the national tempests subsided,
the same spirit was revived; and Spain was the first
to take the lead, as well to reviving her ancient dis-
coveries on the Pacific as to discover a northwestern
gissage. Here, again, Spain was too fast for John
ull. Prior to 1774, no Spanish navigator had ex-
amined the Pacific coast north of the 43d or 44th
degree, which were the limit of the discoveries of
Cabrelo and Viscaino. But about that time, the
Spaniards were alarmed at the encroachments mak-
ing by the Russians on the Pacific coast, and on
those parts winch they had discovered, and consid-
ered as peculiarly belonging to them; and, anxious
to extend the Spanish dominions north of Califor-
nia, to the exclusion of all others, they ordered sev-
eral expeditions, both in the years 1774 and 1775.
All the expeditions were directed to proceed as far
north as the 65th degree of latitude, and to particu-
larly examine the coast between the 44th and 65th
degrees; all south of that having been discovered
before, as already remarked, by Cabrelo and Vis-
caino. Juan Perez commanded the first expedition
under this new Spanish excitement, who did not
continue the expedition beyond the 54th degree,
when he sailed south to 49 j degrees, where he
disovered a commodious bay, which he called Port
San Lorenzo. He remained some time at this
port, and traded with the Indians. This was the
first stop made at this port by any European.
Four years after this discovery Capt. Cook, to
whom J have had occasion to allude, in his first voy-
age to the Pacific visited this bay, and reported him-
self as having been the discoverer; but, in his report,
relates a fact that of itself destroys all his claims to
discovery. He, too, traded with the Indians; and, in
his report, stated that the Indians were well ac-
quainted with the use of iron, and preferred to trade
for it in preference to anything else which he had.
Its use, and its value for their purposes, they learned
four years before that from the Spaniards. So far,
it is well established that the Spaniards were the first
discoverers of all the Pacific coast as far as the 54th
degree of north latitude.
But still later—that is, in 1775—another expedi
