178
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845
'28th Cong 2d Sess.
Oregon Bill—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
fertility of Oregon, by thftse who speak of what
they know, and know what they say to be true.
But if Oregon were a barren rock, with nothing on
its summit but a dead fish, it is ours, and We will
have it. Oregon is a part of our noithwest coast;
emd we are, in national honor, bound to permit no
foreign power, friend or foe, to occupy it. Oregon is
our territory; and we owe it to ourselves and to
those who are to come after us to fence it in by our
laws and our jurisdiction, to preserve our fisheries,
our timber, and our valuable animals from the rapa-
cious plunderers of the wide world, who may, and
who are now despoiling it. If we have no imme-
diate use for Oregon, that is no reason why we
should not occupy and defend it. It is a rich in-
heritance, which we are bound to transmit to our
posterity undespoiled.
Sir, there has been a party in this country who
have been uniformily opposed to the acquisition of
territory, ever since the commencement of our
government. Whenever a question of acquisi-
tion has been presented to the American people,
the catch words ot that party have been, the United
States as they are. This government has no poioer to
acquire territory. The constitution was made for the
United States as they are, fyc. What would have been
our situation at this lime, if the thirteen United
States had remained as they were? We would have
a population of twenty millions in them; we would
have the state of things which the friends of a
protective system desire; we would have hun-
dreds of rich monopolists, capitalists and land-
lords, and millions of slaves, beggars, and paupers.
In place of a population of independent, proud, and
patriotic farmers spread over thirteen new, broad
and fertile States, we would now have here
and there a capitalist worth his millions, with
his three or four hundied pale, lean, lank,
withered, collapsed, sickly, and ragged slaves,
crowded in his factory to sleep und eat and
work to the chime of their master's bell. The
United States as they were, and a system of policy
which those who wished them to be "as they were,'"
with their sandy, barren shores, their untillable
mountains, and their pestilential swamps, would
have given us, at this day, a European pauperism, a
European aristocracy, and a European vassalage.
The United Slates as they were, would have kept
to this time, and in all time to come, a western ter-
ritory of upwards of five hundred and ninety thou-
sand square miles, a wilderness, where the wolf
would have howled, the owl would have hooted, and
the panther would have screamcd unscared, which
now teems with more than ten millions of happy
and independent beings, who eat and sleep and
work at the mandate of no master, who cringe at the
frown of no superior; but eat the bread of their
cheerful labor which God blesses; drink the pure
water that gushes from their own fountains; who
wa'k erect, and carry within them a soul responsible
to their-fellowmen while here, and responsible to their
God hereafter; who carry ill their manly countenance
the image of thou-Maker. Willi uihe United Stales
as they loere," solitude and untamed nature would
now over spread near six hundred thousand
square miles of territory, now the garden of the
world, spotted with beautiful villages, flourishing
towns, arid magnificent cities, adorned with edifices
of learning, of justice, and of Christian worship; a
temtory beautified with highly cultivated farms, and
checkeied with canals, turnpikes, and railroads, by
which their abundant crops are conveyed to our
noble rivers, and through them to our oceans for the
use of the world. Is it supposed that American en-
terprise is going to be confined withm the limits of
the twenty-six States? I\'o, sir; but still the catch
word is, "(he Untied States as they are." Sir, we have
a western enterprise, and a spirit of emigration,
which nothing but the lashing billows of the Pa-
c iic can restrain on the northwest; nothing short
of eternal winter on the ninth, and nothing shoit of
LWien's s;iait.i on the south, if it engulf not all
South America itteif; am! all that, too, m less than
one eentuiy: and it is that enterprise, that love of
change, aid to inhat.it new terntories, which has
and will constitute our frontier security; and it is the
ehea, est secui itv which we ran have; it has been
and will continue to be a substitute to a gieat ex-
tent for fortifications, standing armies, and military
establishments. This spirit of enterprise thatisover-
spreading tlie West and the South, and will em-
brace iho North as the cloud of Elijah overspread
the heavens, is a continued conquest, not of the
sword, that has blood for its means, laurels for its
reward, and slavery and subjugation for its end; it
is a conquest of patriotism, virtue, and morality—
that has the love of liberty for its means, liberty it-
self for its reward, and the spread of free principles
and republican institutions for its end. Providence
seems to have a design in extending our free insti-
tutions as far and as wide as the American continent.
And it is this spirit of enterprise, and love of new
territory, which is to accomplish that design.
Wherever our settlements have been pushed and
our laws have been extended, all that have existed
of human laws and of human beings have given
way. There seems to be something in our laws
and institutions peculiarly adapted to our Anglo-Sax-
on-American race, under which they will thrive and
prosper, but under which all others wilt and die.
Where our laws and free institut'ons have been ex-
tended among the French and Spanish who have
been on our continent, they have and are gradually
disappearing; not that they move away, but they
neither prosper nor multiply, but, on the con-
trary, dwindle. There is something mysterious
about it; and, if accounted for, it can only
be done on the principle that though they may be
fitted for refined civilization, they are not fitted for
liberal and equal laws, and equal institutions. So it is
with the aborigines. They seem to be made for a
state of nature; they, too, disappear as our laws and
institutions advance towards them. There seems
to be no system of civil or Christian jurisprudence
that can be introduced among them, that will pre-
vent them from diminishing, either on this or the
other side of the Rocky mountains. _ The Christian
faith may be planted among them; it may take root
and grow; but still they begin to dwindle from the
first day of its introduction, and continue to do so.
There is no pagan or heathen region into which the
standard of the cross has been more successfully
planted than in the Pacific; or Sandwich islands; but,
with all its temporal and eternal blessings, the na-
tives commenced to diminish the day it was intro-
duced. There seems to be something in our laws
and religion incompatible with their existence, when
brought in contact with them. They wither at their
very approach.
Mr. Chairman, the same necessity exists for the
possession and occupation of Oregon that existed
for the purchase of Louisiana. It is to extend our
population, to extend our commerce, and to occupy
all'our territory, to secure our national defence.
First, to extend our population, we require the
possession of Oregon. I have before remarked that
personal liberty is incompatible with a crowded
population; it is equally incompatible with private
and public morals, and moral institutions. For the
truth of the former, I have only to refer to the
crowded population of many of the European States;
and for the truth of the latter, I have only to refer
to our own crowded cities.
Strife, turmoils, debaucheries, frauds, knavery,
dissipation, crimes, monopolies, overgrown wealth,
poverty and wretchedness, are all the offspring of a
crowded population, and will be, so long as man
lives under the curse of his first fall, and that to a
tenfold greater extent than when he has the free-
dom of territorial latitude. Both human and divine
history attests the truth of this. That book of books
to winch I had occasion before to allude furnishes us
an illustrious proof of the impossibility of peace,
happiness and prosperity in a crowded population.
We have the histoiy of a strife that grew up between
the herdsmen of two brothers, owing to the number
of their herds and their families and their limited
territory; and such was the strife that Abraham was
compelled to say unto Lot:
'■Let therp I:f- no stjite, I pray thee, between me find thee,
and betu een my herdsmen and thy herdsmen, lor we tie
hi others Isnotthe whole land belore Hire ' Sepal, ilu thj-
sell. ! pi jy !!:■ (', from me, it thou v utt ike the left hand, then
I vil! jcu to the ruths, or il tlmu depi<rt to the. right hand,
th<'ii IwiJljjo toiueielt J' nJ Lot lifted up Ins ey es and
be'neld nil the plain of Jordan tliat it was ell wateii'd
eveiy here belore the Lord destroyed Sodom end tiomor-
l lh, even is the garden of the I,Old, tike the laud of J'.gypt,
a11 thou eomest miLO Zoar Then Lot chose him all the
phin of Jord.ui, and Lot journeyed east, and they sepairtut
thennelves the one from the other. A'■> oliam dwelled in
t■ l : hir.d of Cdna.m, ;- ud Lot d',v eUed in the cities of the plain,
and pitched his tent to v. .i: dKod^in
Wealth and independence, whether national or in-
dividual, are alone to be found in the soil. Com-
merce has enriched nations; but that day is passed,
to a great extent. Then commerce was a monopo-
ly; now it is divided, and each civilized nation takes
a part in it. The feudal system, of all others the
most certain to establish and perpetuate despotism,
may be established by other means than conquest,
and partition to the conqueror and his chief officers;
and it may exist and be perpetuated for other pur-
poses than military defence. By whatever means
the lands and wealth of a country fall into the
hands of a few individuals, it establishes a feudal
system as oppressive and destructive of the liberties
of the people as if it were established by conquest,
and equally enslaves the people. Monopolies have
a tenfold advantage to engulf property- in a dense
population than in widespread territory; and no
part of man's history is better known than that in
crowded population, poverty and dependence is the
fate of the many, while overgrown wealth is the
advantage of the few. The island of Great Britain
has a crowded population. i believe the fee simple
of all the lands in that island is concentrated in the
hands of some thirty or forty thousand proprietors—
the entire wealth of the nation in the hands of two
hundred and seventy or eighty thousand of an aris-
tocracy; while it is the fate of more than twenty
millions to be ground down in poverty to the dust.
It is to avoid even the approach of such a state of
things, that we should open to the reception of our
increasing population our territory, as fast as there
is either a necessity or a disposition to occupy it.
The inability of the weak, the humble, and the non-
assuming, to contend with the overbearing, the cun-
ning, and the grasping monopolist, make it necessa-
ry, to the equality of circumstances and personal
liberty, that the advantages of territory should con-
stantly be kept open to all who wish to embrace it.
If it is possible to imagine a subversion of the
personal liberties of the people of this country, while
our republican institutions exist in form, it will be
brought about by the monopoly of the landed prop-
erty tn the hands of the few to the exclusion of the
many; and such is the apathy of some and the vio-
lence of others, that such a monopoly can be avoid-
ed in no other way than by extending the means
and the facilities of acquiring landed property.
Patriotism should prompt us to the possession of
Oregon. We call our country "the land of the free
and the home of the brave." We proclaim it the asy-
lum of the oppressed of all lands, and we invite them
to our shores and to participate in our free institu-
tions. Here tin. weary are to find rest, and the op-
pressed are to have a home. Here the Russian
serf, or the Ottoman's slave, becomcs a freeman, with
a soul as responsible as that of the master from
which he has fled. No master's frown can sink his
soul, or make his limb3 tremble. He is as God made
him, and he intended should be—the creature of
his own image. If ours is to be the home of the
oppressed, we must extend our territory m latitude
and longitude to the demand of the millions who are
to follow us, as well of our own posterity as those who
are invited to our peaceful shores to partake in our
republican institutions. Sir, will it be urged, as it
has been, that, in our attempts to acquire temtory,
there is danger, in multiplying Territories and States,
of distracting and dissolving the Union? We have
nothing to fear by the States of a dissolution of the
Union. There is more danger of the federal gov-
ernment engulfing the sovereignty of the States and
the liberties of the people. There is a strong and
constant tendency towards consolidation of power
toward the centre of federal government; and that
tendency has been favored by a party in this coun-
try, who desired at first that our federal government
should possess unlimited powers.
It has been a never-ceasing effort with that party
to favor and advance that system of policy and of
measures which has a direct tendency to diminish
the reserved powers of the States and augment the
poweis of the federal government. To oppose that
constant tendency to federal consolidation, I know
no better plan than to multiply States; and the far-
ther from the centre of fedeial influence and attrac-
tion, the greater is our security. No State ever has,
no State ever will, attempt to fly from its sphere,
unless the encroachments of the federal government
make it necessary in its own defence. Let every
statesman and friend to our happy Union regaid it
as his highest duty to preserve and secure the States
in the full possession of the powers which have not
been surrendered, and to limn the federal government
to the exercise of those powers alone which were
surrendered. This duty performed, and there will
be no danger. The federal government will revolve
on its own axis, and the States will move in their
own spheres without collision. That centrifugal
and centripetal balance which the framers of the
constitution established, will be preserved as long
as the laws which regulate them are preserved and
obeyed.
Sir, there is a question of national defence con-
