182
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Oregon Bill—Mr. Belser.
H. of Reps.
regards boundary, is correct, and that it was the
same recognised in our treaties with Spain, Russia,
and Mexico. That, in 1824, we offered a limit ot
the forty-ninth degree of north latitude to Great Bri-
tain, and that, in reply, she proposed the forty-sixth
degree. The territory in dispute, when this nego-
tiation was broken off, was «little more than three
degrees of latitude, embracing something like one-
fourth of the country. In 1827, the same offers were
again made, and a second time disagreed to by the
parties; thus leaving the matter where it stood on
the 20th October, 1818, with a larger amount of soil
in controversy—eight degrees of latitude—near two-
thirds of the entire possession.
The claim of the United States to the whole ter-
ritory he considered perfect. We obtained it through
. our treaties with France and Spain, in 1803 and
1819, succeeding by them to all the rights which-
they previously possessed, and deriving additional
title also by the discovery of Captain Gray in 1792.
Possessed, then, of the French, Spanish, and Ame-
rican titles, (see Appendix 1,) it at once puts to rest
the pretensions of Great Britain, and proves that she
has no substantial foundation on which to base her
demand. He further observed that, aside from these
treaties, and the discovery of Captain Gray in 1804
and 1805, Lewis and Clark, through Mr. Jefferson,
and by virtue of the authority of Congress, explored
" the Columbia river; and at that date no nation ex-
cept the United States, pretended to own any part
of Oregon. That in 1811 John J. Astor, of New
York, founded, near the river just mentioned, the
first settlement ever made in the country by civilized
man; that in 1813 he was dispossessed of it by Great
Britain; and that on the Gth day of Octobcr, 1818,
it was delivered to us again by virtue of the treaty
of Ghent, in 1814. (See Appendix 2.) Thus, at
the date of the foregoing delivery, our title to the
territory was clear, and it still remains so, unless by
some subsequent agreement we have parted with it,
or in some way compromised the same. The only
negotiations which since that period have been had
between the two countries is the third article of the
Convention of the 20th of October, 1818, (see Ap-
pendix 3,) and the first, second, and third articles of
the Convention of 1827, (see Appendix 4,) accom-
panied by an informal declaration on the part of
Great Britain as to her understanding of these ne-
gotiations, and intended, without doubt, to bolster
up her spurious claim, whenever it should thereafter
be brought into review. (See Appendix 5.)
If the stipulations contained in our treaties and in
the Conventions of 1818 and 1827 had been strictly
adhered to by Great Britain, we might now with
propriety be called on to await further negotiations,
and to desist for the present from passing this bill;
but, in direct violation of our rights, the jurisdiction
of Canada has been extended over Oregon, and the
Northwest Fur Company, under the auspices of that
nation, (Great Britain,) has occupied the soil, taken
possession of the noblest river, erected on it forts,
established in the country a territorial government
in everything but the name, driven from its borders
our enterprising citizens, and, if report be true, in
several instances have instigated the Indians to mur-
der them. These trading companies form a pan of
the British forces. She made use of one of them in
the East Indies, and, through its influence, planted
those seeds of discord which eventuated in the sub-
jugation of that people.
Keeping, then, entirely out of view our better
right to Oregon, have we not, he inquired, under the
Conventions of 1818 and 1827, as good authority
to occupy it as Great Britain 1 Over the territory
which is undisputed, the bill will act without hin-
derance ; and over that in controversy, it is intended
to operate alone oil American citizens, and to afford
them protection. Its passage may lead to collision,
to conflicts of jurisdiction, and ultimately to war ;
but these are lisks attendant on nations, and which
at times must be taken. The American people have
become tired of fruitless negotiation, of crafty diplo-
macy. After forty years of this kind of parley with
the same nation, in another celebrated boundary case,
we lost a part of Maine. The cry then was, if we
did not settle by negotiation, we should have to re-
port to the sword; and the argument now is, that we
will offend that great Power if we attempt to exer-
cise jurisdiction over Oregon.
He would now examine that portion of the bill
designed to encourage settlements by grants; vesting
in the occupants in the first instance an inchoate
title, to be perfected by a residence of fiye consecu-
tive years in the territory—and containing likewise
several other provisions. (See Appendix 6.) Here,
in his opinion, we were advancing one step farther
than Great Britain had gone, under the Conventions
of 1818 and 1827. If anything can produce war
between the two Governments it is this. It is 'a
direct and positive declaration of ownership in the
soil, and can only be justified on the ground that
these Conventions of 1818 and 1827 have already
been rendered null and void by Great Britain, with-
out fault on the part of the United States. Unless
honorable gentlemen could bring their minds to this
conclusion, they ought not to sustain the bill in its
present shape, but should amend its provisions, and
thereby render it sufficiently prospective in its ope-
ration, for time to be given by this Government to
Great Britain to terminate the joint agreement of
1827, and let the controversy afterwards rest upon
the better title.
There was another reason why this donation prin-
ciple should be strictly guarded. It is because of
that right which is supposed lo exist in the original
proprietors of the soil. Grants may be made in In-
dian countries, but the grantees should take them
subject to the extinguishment of the, Indian claim.
The title of the Indian has always been considered
as subordinate to the absolute ultimate title of the
Government; still it has never been held as worthless.
Title by conquest (says an eminent judge) is ac-
quired and maintained by force. Humanity, however,
acting on public opinion, has established a general
rule that the conquered shall not be wantonly op-
pressed, and that their condition shall remain as eli-
gible as is compatible with the objects of the con-
quest. These North American tribes, then, have
some right to the enjoyment of the soil; and in our
legislation their claim should be noticed, and provi-
sion made ultimately to extinguish it. Without this
contests would arise between the aborigines and oc-
cupants, of the most perplexing character.
Independent of these objections, this policy of
encouraging settlements in -Mid countries, by grants,
he believed to be right. Enlightened nations had
practised on it, much to the public advantage. It
was pointed out by Great Britain herself, when, after
the discovery of this continent, she bestowed certain
lands on the colonists; and it was pursued by Spain
while disposing of her vast domain. We had con-
centrated numerous tribes of Indians in the West—
had abolished their customs—extinguished their pri-
mitive lights—removed them from the graves of
their ancestors—and therefore should, as speedily as
possible, have our territory filled up beyond them.
They are naturally revengeful, and knowing them
to be so, it becomes us to guard against their aggres-
sions, as did the Komans, when they encouraged
emigration to their frontiers to protect themselves
from the incursions of the barbarians.
The occupation of Oregon by the American peo-
ple has been fixed by Providence. The hand of
Omnipotence is to be seen in the arrangement.
There is in every new region a grandeur which
makes men anxious to be in the midst of it. The
character of the country—its immense distance by
sea and by land—its climate, minerals, and produc-
tions—its proximity to the grain-growing States—
its intimate connection with our Indian tribes, and
its tendency to produce war with the most powerful
nation in Europe, all serve to render the question, at
this time, particularly interesting. What mighty
revolutions, in that now almost unknown country,
the future will present 1 Who is there that does
not desire to look through its vista, to unfold, in ad-
vance, one of its chapters, and thus obtain a view of
Oriental grandeui beyond the surface of a mighty
ocean '!
But it is argued with great earnestness, that we
have already much scope, and that there is dread to
be apprehended from further expansion. Those who
reason thus have paid but little attention to the past.
For the last two hundred years the march of popu-
lation has been steady and unerring. Within that
period the pioneers of New England have' crossed
the Green Mountains—the men of the middle States
have surmounted the ridge of the Allegany—and
the Huguenots of the South have entered-the re-
cesses of the wilderness—and now, from the gulf
to the lakes, the whole are moving together, and the
majestic column is not to be retarded. Indians,
Mexicans and Britons must pas? away from it like
the mists of the morning before the rising sun.
Let none suppose that he had examined but one
side of this subject. He had thought of the advan-
tages and disadvantages attending it with equal care.
He had considered its effect on the revenue of the
country, of the cost of transporting men and arms to
defend the territory, and of the strong probability of
losing it in the end. Looking to the subject in this
point of view, he was free to say that, whenever this
Government proves too weak to protect that frontier
without jeopardizing the better populated portions of
the Union, then could she leave her citizens in Ore-
gon to their fate. A nation, when driven to this
alternative, would be justified in such an abandon-
ment ; but until the fact is made clear, the body of
a nation cannot surrender a single individual belong-
ing to it. On the same principle, every native-born
citizen of the United States owes to it an obligation
of which he cannot divest himself by individual vo-
lition. It has boon recognised and acted on not
only by national, but likewise by municipal law,
and out of it has grown the rule "JYemo protest ex-
lire patriam"—a rule which has been approved by
our courts when they assert the singular doctrine
that, in a Government founded on the public will,
a citizen of the United States cannot by his o-wn act
expatriate himself.
If, then, it be a necessary condition of political so-
ciety that a citizen cannot voluntarily abjure his Gov-
ernment, it is also the duty of the latter to afford him
succor, and, when refused, the citizen has the right
to provide for himself. History furnishes several
instances illustrative of these mutual obligations.
A city called Zurich, upon being besieged by a band
of rebels, made application to Charles IV., who was
Emperor, for protection. His reply was, that he
could not defend them, upon which they secured
safety by an alliance with the Swiss. The country
of Zug being about to be overrun by the Swiss, de-
manded aid from the Duke of Austria. Ho did not
deign to hear them; and, thus abandoned, they
united with the Helvetic Confederacy. The people
of Oregon are now asking succor from this Govern-
ment ; if it be refused, they, like the people of Zu-
rich and of Zug, can form other alliances, or set up
for themselves. This view of the question seems
not to have attracted the attention of honorable gen-
tlemen.
Again: the whole of the soil possessed by a na-
tion is subject to its laws, forms a part of its territory,
and is the common country of all who compose it.
Every sovereign is bound to use exertions for the
good of the nation, and to extend its glory as far
as lies in his power. One of the great ends of po-
litical society is to defend itself with its whole force
against external insult or violence. If a nation be
not in a condition to meet an aggressor, it is imper-
fect and unequal to the great objcct of its destina-
tion. Strength alone- enables it to repulse bad neigh-
bors, and every possible motive calls upon it to place
itself in such a happy condition.
Bearing in mind, then, these reciprocal obligations
between this Government and its citizens, he was
for affording security to our people in Oregon. And
whether their habitations be in the upper, middle, or
lower part of it, or upon some one of " the seven
highest peaks," named after our seven first Presi-
dents, the regis of this Republic, he hoped, would be
broad enough to cover them. Oregon is a rich in-
heritance, highly to be prized, and never to be sur-
rendered without a struggle. With proper guar-
dianship on the part of Congress, States will ere
long rise up out of it—" new States,"—peopled with
men—full-grown men-—early taught to cherish our
institutions—to love freedom ; tillers of the soil, na-
ture's true noblemen. He believed that the school-
master was already in that country ; that the, herald
of the Cross was preaching the gospel unto every
creature, and that it would soon form a component
part of the highway of nations, (See Appendix 7.)
