Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Oregon Bill—Mr. Betser.
H. of Reps.
In regard to the soil, climate, and productions of
Oregon, he had said but little, believing that every
member had acquainted himself with this part of
the subject. He would, however, refer his readers
to Appendix 8 for information on the point, and to
Appendix 9 for the amount of population in each
State and Territory of the Union in 1S40, and its
probable increase down to this date.
Mr. B, observed that he had several reasons for
taking part in this discussion. His own judgment
approved of the general policy of the measure, and
he was but complying with a request from his own
State, as expressed in her joint resolutions. His
aim was to treat no nation unjustly, not even Great
Britain : hut he had become satiated with pictures
of her power. He viewed such a spirit as anti-
American. It exhibited too much regard for trans-
Atlanticopinions, at the expense of our own. Patrick
Henry rebuked it in the days of the Revolution, in
language not to be misunderstood. During the last
war for American Independence, it found no favor
with the people, and he trusted that it was destined
to fall still-born now. And here he would warn gen-
tlemen against the recent attempts of Great Britain
to play the part of the moralist—to throw firebrands
among their constituents, and to estrange the North
from the South. From what he had witnessed
during the time which he had been in Congress, he
feared that she was obtaining an influence here,
which, in the end, would prove as withering as the
sirocco. Instead of attempting to destroy a southern
statesman (Mr. Calhoc:nJ for repelling with a pow-
er ne\er before equalled, the assaults of such an
enemy, let one and all say to Great Britain, hold
your tongue, and no further interfere with us. We
are a people who are embarked in one common des-
tiny ; we pay no homage to royalty; we love the
Union of our forefathers—we glory in our inde-
pendence, and trust in Him who rules on high, and
who holds the nations of the earth in the hollow of
His hand.
He had just been speaking of the Union, and
warning gentlemen again&t those who would rejoice
in its downfall. As a frame of government, its
foundations had been deeply laid. It rests on the
Declaration of Independence, and the Constitution of
the United States, Both of these have been closely
examined and are now duly appreciated. But there
is a pillar supporting the fabric more endearing than
either; it is that community of feeling which origin-
ally brought the builders together, to gi\e structure
to the magnificent citadel. They have made it a
noble specimen of political architecture; one which
has already stood many tempests, and was destined
to stand many more. Let that nation or that indi-
vidual, who would recklessly attempt its destruction,
be awed at the onset; and for this purpose hang
on the walls of your Capitol, within view of the
representatives of foreign Powers and that of your-
selves, the pictures of the heroic dead, and build
within sight high monuments over their graves.
This Union is their joint work. Their spirits and
their affections are still entwined around it, and when
oblivion shall have swept away everything which is
earthly, " eternity will dwell with rapture on their
deeds."
Search the world, sir, and point me to such a Union.
Creation does not afford its equal. It is the land of
the free, the home of the brave; the place where the
innocent can find refuge, the spot where even the
banished can lie down in quiet. How are we to pre-
serve the glorious inheritance? He answered, by
cultivating a proper national spirit; keeping clear of
entangling alliances with Europe; by eschewing her
customs and precedents; by rooting out aristocracy
from among our people; by crushing monopoly in
all its forms, and thus rendering opinion pure.
Whenever, in any period of the world, liberty has
been invaded, its best and boldest protecters have
been found in the mountains, remote from those in-
fluences which too often, in densely populated neigh-
borhoods, sway mankind. Paris is said to be Prance,
London Great Britain ; but New York is not Ame-
rica,
Our means of preserving national character are
ample. They consist not alone in our land and
naval forces, but in a fixed determination faithfully
to perform the objects of government. It was such
a spirit as this which impelled the Athenians to aban-
don their homes, betake themselves to their ships, and
in the hour of trial, to declare that they were the Re-
public. It caused the young Scipio, when Hannibal
was at the gates of Home, flushed with his victories
over nations, to swear in the presence of his people
that he would save his country or perish in the at-
tempt. It made that same Rome the mistress of the
world; and while she cherished it, her kingdoms, her
eagles, and her triumphal chariots, remained; but
when lost to her, Vandalism swept over her plains,
as with the besom of destruction.
He had observed in the commencement of his
argument, that the admission of Texas, and the
occupation of Oregon, were great American mea-
sures. They were; and he hoped this House would
adopt the latter as promptly as it had the formt-r.
He that dallies upon such questions is unfit for the
high station which has been assigned him. The
most insidious form of opposition to Texas is that
which denies to Congress the right to increase our
empire by legislation ; and the most deceptive against
the occupation of Oregon is the cuckoo cry of war.
Every nation has the inherent power to provide for
itself, either by acquisition, or by affording protection
to that which already belongs to it—and " Congress
assembled/' is the proper tribunal to determine the
expediency of both. Come what may of these great
objects, never let it be said that we hase faltered in
our devotion to the cause of human liberty. Let
another branch of this Legislature as$u?ne such a
responsibility if they choose; but for tills House, let
it be proclaimed, that it has " fought the good fight
and kept the faith"—that it has endeavored to extend
over every citizen in the Republic the shield of na-
tional character ; and if hereafter it be broken down
by feuds, let no part of the degradation be attributa-
ble to us.
He would here conclude by remarking, that the
democratic motto is, " Do your duty in every case,
and leave consequences to God." Covet not war;
but if, in the discharge of a great national obligation,
it should come, let us be prepared for it. Let us, m
such an emergen^, plant the banner of freedom on
the ramparts of our country, and never take it d^wn
while there is a hand left to defend it. This, in his
humble opinion, was the true American spirit.
[Appe.ndix I ]
Extract from an address lecently U hveredin Boston, by the
Hon. William Sturgis.
The fust, question of j.m-ortance Ts, ^hat is meant by the
'•Terntuiy oi Oregon?" The co>rect an-wer u tlrs question
i- , thu Oregon lies between the 42 J and 51th degrees oi i.oith
latitude ; is bounded cast by the Rjcky Mountains, west by ti,e
Pacific Ocean, north by the Russian posressions, and s<w:n by
(Jdlilorfi'd F.oaj north to south i' is about unless loni;,
and fiomeast to west about 5f<0 miles wide, containing not fir
from 380,000 ?quaie miles.
Tne coast was first exploied by Spanish navigators, wbo
named many pi xces prior to the vim made by Captain Cook;
annas Gieat Bnum hag ba-sed her claims npen th ? v sit of
Cook,and ^pain hasceded her pglits ;o i.*, hi* tact is wort! y
our attention. Tne policy of Spam at th.s peuod, war-o keep
the discoveries of her navigatois sn^re-, eo that v,1ipi! Ciptam
Cook named many points along the eta?', he was not aware - bat
the Spanish i.avigamr had precede'! him. In the year 17S3. an
Englishman, by (he name of Mears, imacle a settlement upon
thecoast; the officers of the Spanish Government iesss.Ml the
claim of.Mears, ai.d the difficulty which ensued came vety near
mvotYirig Europe in war. In 1730, Mears received £>2i0 000
f.>r the injury be had sustained, and by a trea'j between 'he
Governments of Spa-n and Great Britain, it wasagieed that no
settler should be disturbed or moles'e.l.
At this peuod toe United States had no actual claim to the
territory; but, m 1792, Captain Robert Gi ay, in tin- ship Co-
lumbia^ of Boston, discovered arid sailed twenty miles up a
liver, to which he gave tbe name of his ship Tins voyage and
discovery of Ca tain Gray aie the foundation of one 11 the
cla'tns our Government has urged m the negotiations which
have tak«n place.
In 1503 we acquired Louisiana, whose northern houw'aiy
was supposed to extendi" the o^-an In 1804 M-siis. Le.us-
and Ciiik weie sen- by Ptesulent Jefferson to expioiy th<> ic*
>ns we^t of the Rocky Mounta-ns ; tl-ey were the fnst people
who passed from 'be interior to the ocean, and their expedition
is adduced hv our G'-vemm,Win support of u° nan-
l here is no evidence that theie were any iiritr-h fecalr-r.ijrtV
made piior fo 1SI I, in which year a co^nanv h-rtred sr.
der tha auspice-* of John J  cob Asior, ot X - -v Vol wh.rh
founded the fisst settleo.ent r^ar the Columbia iiver. and which
is the foundation of anoLhei claim oui Government ii'tikes to
the teiu'oiy of Oueon.
The -hm Tnnquin «ent to t be Columbia i ivtt by Mr As
tor m 1811. The officers and crew of d.is --dim were killed by
the Indians, and the voyags ca";e to a sad termination. The
settlers heard of the decoration of war between this country
avl G;eat B rani and sol i 'o the British fur-'racers wh>t fms
they had collec.ed, for $40,0''0 in bibs on Montreal; so that
when the place was taken by an Enghsb sloop-of war, the cooi-
mjndei lud but the empty honor wrhout any of the expected
bo^ty; and he was so vexed Lhathedeclaied it was "a tegular
Yankee trick "
By the treaty of Ghent, made in 1S14, Great Biitain nusifi
surrender all forts and tradinsr-placep back to those from whom
they had been taken, and in 1818, the Biiusht flicer in command
at Astoria, unconditionally surrendered the place to the Ameri-
can settlers. This fact is urged by the United Elates Govern-
ment in support of its claim.
In 1819, by the Florida treaty, Spain ceded io die touted
its possessions north of the42tl degree of latitude, Tins ior>  
another and very strong claim in favor of the Uni'ed Stat.*.
Id 1824 the United States and Russia set'Jed up"fi thpr-M>
degice of latitude as the boundary between tiiur potbe^ion^.
[Apfendix 2.]
Actofsurrenderand acknowledgment of title, 6th Oc*ober,18}^.
In obedience to the commands of his royal highntss tne
Prince Regent, signified in a despatch fr«>m t^e ruin h<>n< rm-le
E>rl Bathursi, addressed to the parties or agtnt* of <he North
west Company, bearing date 27th January, 1*18. uutt hi obedi-
ence to snbF'quent orders, da' d 2bth July'a*, fr<-m \\ li - in
II. Sheriff, Esq.. Captain of his Mrfiesty'a si.'p And.o Maob->.
we,tne undersigned, do, in conformity to th l^'at"cle"i be
tic-aty of Ghent, lestore to the Governmentof the I'm ed Sirr.-,
thimuh lis ag'-nl, J. B. Prevost, Ki-ij , the >-eii lenient oi F  n
G"inge on tli? river Coiomb'a
Given under our havta, in t ipV.ve,at F<>rt CJeorge Colum-
bia river, this 0th day o) October, 1318.
; P. HICK BY,
Captain of h.-s Majesty's slm- B'-st'-n.
JAMES ICRITM,
Of the Northwest Company.
[Appendix 3 1
Third Article of the Convention of 1818.
Ir is agreed that any country that may he claimed by eifher
party < n the northwest coast of America westward  f the
S'orv Mountains, shall, together with ita harbois, bays, &nd
oreok3, and the navigation oi all rivers within the ?&we. br- fne
and open for the term of t^n years from ihedateof the siar-a
tureof the present convention, to the vessels, crizens, and sub
jecis of the two powers. It bein? welt underst >od ti.at tb^
a^ieementi'? not to be construed to the prejudice of any rldim
which eiiherof the two high contracting parties may have :o
any par- of said country; nor shall it be taker- ti> affect the cUim
of rtny other Power or State to any p.irt of fait! country ; (bt
only object of the high contracii^a parties-, in that rpspect, b'-:-
mg to prevent deputes and diileiences among hernseives.
[Appjsndix 4 ]
Convention of 1S27—Articles 1,2, and 3.
Art. 1. All the piovisions of the third arucle of the conven
tiori concluded hetween the United Stares of America an.} bi-«
Majesty the King of the United States of Groat Britain and lie-
land, on the 20th of October, 181^, shall hp, and they are hereby,
further md< finitely extended and continued m force, in Uie
sau:e mann-M as if all the provisions of the said aitic.le weiy
herein spec'fically recited.
Akt 2 It shall be competent, however, to etthar of the cuti-
tracing p; r'>e3, in ose ei her should thirk fir, at any timea-'ter
the 20m Octobei, 1S28, on givj^.g due not ce of tv.e i ve ru>j ih-->
to the oLhtr contracting paity to annul and ar.r. gate t .ii c>r-
vcntion; end it eball in suth ease be a* lOivhn®')  i «*i*rly
nulled and 'abiogafed afer the expire ion ,.i the sa-d reir.t o:
: notne.
Art. 3 Nothing cnn"0ned in thi:'convention rr jn i!<i..i
article of the coiivcition c>f the 20 li of O t. bei,18iS. Ii. i-i.y
continued in fore, s'ia'1 be consti ueJ to imj au, oi in an) man-
ner afieet, the claims wl-tch caber of the contractu g partus
nidv have to any part of the country westward of the *?t<jtiy or
Rocky Mountains
[Appendix 5.]
Declaration proposed to be annexed to therenewal of the Con-
vention respecting the Northwestern Boundary.
In renewing the third article of the convention of 1815 rela-
tive to th-; temtniy on the nottiiwest coa*t of America, west-
ward of the Rocky Mountan s, his Bsitannic Majesty hereby
declares tl.;at, as Ins Majesty considers luui^e'f pi ei.h,,.',e i iy U.e
provisiotis of that article now renewed, fr^rn exercising, or as-
suming to himself the light to cxercise, any exclu«i>'c sove-
reignty or jurisdiction ov- r th^ fi iritoiy nienttone'- in that < r-
ticle, so, hie Majesty, in 'ike ma"- nei, ho'ds ihctt the Um;e d
are equally bound, on their pai t also, to abstain (rem e>e;n?!: r,
or assuming to tiiem«elves  thenght to exercise, dny txcltT-'^e
sovrremray or |uiiadicti'in over tne said territoi), durir.g the
continuance m force of the pse?'nt convur.tion
(The for* goiri<r declaration h the v\ct of Gscat Britain, never
assented to hij tius Goxarnmcnt 1
[Appe:cdxx 6.1
Sections38, 79, and 40, of the bdl reportf'l by Committee, au-
thorizing grants, &c.
Sec. S)3 And be H further enacted, Tha' provision hereaf-
ter shall be made by law to s.'cme and gi :tu six hundred and
forty acres ot 'and to eveiy w-'ite male inhabitant of it.e'f'eut-
tory of Oregon, being acitizt n, on taking the oath of allegi. M-e
to the Xfrnted States,of the age of e <rbteen years andupwDHH.
who shall rn'tivite and u<e the or anypatt ih'reof, for
five consccu'lveyesj?, or io his hens in case of hisdeccas".
Sec. 39. And he, it further evacltd, That to every rucn ir ha-
bitant, being a marned man, th^iesball hp granted, m .n'l'r'ci-,
os.e hundred and^'xty actes io bis wi'e, and tl^e ii«e quai.u y vf
one hondr^d and si;.'y aci e? to 1 l'e frit her for each ri*'Id ut nfer
the ase of eighteen years he moy have, oi wS.ich may be b. !,i
within ihe live years a foresaid.
Sec. 40 And be it further enarU'd, That ro sale or
'iact,of any kn d, of puch lands, sh-ill be valid bcfoie a rat-Ttf.
saues therefor; nor shall the same be taken m execution, or
bound by aiy judgment, mortgage, or lien of a.iy liiut, befoto
the patent te issued.
[Appendix 7.
Extract from the memorial of Mr. VYhnr.ty, introduced in th«3
Ilouse of Hepresentat'v^, 2Sth January, )P-J5.
Your memorialist respectfully repref-nts further to your
onorable body, that the loads fiom New Yoik to Lake Micht-
an, a distance of eight hundred and forty miles, will noduult
