184
At*PftNbiX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOftE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sbss.
Annexation of Teitas—Mr. JVorris.
H. of Reps.
be completed by the States through which they pass, or by pri-
vate individuals. That from Lake Michigan to the mouth of
the Columbia river on the Pacific, is two thousand one hundred
and Sixty miles—making from New York to ihe Pacific three
thousand miles—and can be performed m eight days. From
Columbia river to the Sendwnh Islands is two thousand one
hundred miles—making fiom New Yotk to ihe Sandwich Is-
lands five thousand one hundred milea. Prom the. Columbia
river to Japan is five thousand six hundred miles—making from
New York to Japan eight thousand six bundled miles. From
Columbia river to Amoy, in China, (the port nearestto the tea
and silk p"ovinces,) is six thousand two hundred miles—making
from .New York to Amoy only nine thousand two hundred
miles; which, with araihoad tothe Pacific, and ihence to China
by steamers, can be performed in thirty days, being now a sail-
ing distance of nearly seventeen thousand miles, and lequirmg
from one hundred to one hundred and fifty days lor its pei form
ance. Then ihe drills and sheetings ol Connecticut, Rhode Is-
Jand, and Massachusetts, and o;her manufactures of the United
States, may be transported to China in thirty days; and the teas
and rich silks of China, in exchange, c>mc back to New Or-
leans, to Charleston, to Washington, to Baltimore, to Philadel-
phia, New York, and to Boston, m thirty days more.
(.Appendix 8.]
Extract frona the New York Courier and Enquirer.
1. The first region, or low country, lies between the Pacific
coast and a chain of mountains running near the sea. This
chain has received a variety of names—the California, ihe IUa-
met, the Cascade, and the President range; and its seven highest
peaks have been named alter the seven^Piesidents, fiom Wash-
ington to Jackson, in succcssion These mountains are of con-
sideiable elevation, and those who have travelled over them
speak in rapturous terms of the wide and magnificent view
which they present. The distance fiom the coast to ihe foot of
these mountains is in some places 100 tniles, in other? kss. The
intervening country is crossed by low rid es between which are
valleys drained by rivers flowing into (he Pacific and (he Co-
lumbia. Of the two which empty into the Columbia, the
Cowiliiz has been but partially traced : the Southern, the Mult-
nomah or Wallamet, has been traced 200 miles, through a val-
ley said to be the most delightful and fertile part of Northwest
America. Thecii'iateof this region is more f.tvomble to agri-
culture than that of the oth«r parts of Oregon. The summer is
warm and dry. Snow is rarely seen in the valleys, and the
ground is very seldom frozen, so that ploughing may lie earned
on during the whole winter. Wheat, barley, rye. peas, apples,
potatoes, &cM are raised; hoises and cattle succeed toleiably
well; but agriculture must always sulfa* fiom ihe diyneps of
the summer. The growth of timber on the uplands is enormous
—far surpassing in thickness and size any forests known in the
United States. 'There are extensive prames, extremely'fertile
and above inundation. Traveller describe fir ard pine trees
growing here of gigantic size Ros* Cox mentions a fir, near
Astoria, 46 feet m cncumference, 153 feet high before leaching
a branch, and 300 feet in its whole height. Another stands oil
the banks of the Umqua 57 feet in circumference, and 216 feet
high, below its branches. Sound pines, from 200 to 28tf feet
high, and from 20 to 40 feetm circumference, aie by no means
uncommon.
2. The middle region of Oregon lies between the President
range and the Blue'Mountains, a chain extending thiough the
whole territory north and south, considerably broken, and made
up of steep arid rocky mountains, generally volcanic, and some
of them covered with eternal snow. It is moi e elevated and less
ferti'e than the low country. The soil is a sandy clay, covered
with grass, small shrubs, and prickly pear Timber isscarcc,
the trees are small and of useless wood. The climate is agree-
able and salubrious. There is little snow, especially in the south-
ern valleys. Few attempts have been made at cultivation, and
these are represented by travellers as not very «niccnss<nl The
agrlcultuie, it is said, must always be limited to ihe wants of a
pastoral people. The region, though pootly adapted to tilling,
is one of the best for grazing in the world, It is in this section
that all the horses for the supply of Ind'ans and traders m the
interior are raised, and often a single Indian owns hundreds of
them. Mr. Wythe, ajudicious travellei through this siction,
deems it, for producing hides, tallow, and heel, superior to any
partof North America. Shee^ might be raised to any extent,
and it is one of the healthiest countries in the world.
3. The third division is the high country, lying between the
Blue Mountains on the west and the Rocky Mountains on the
east. The southern partis adepertol steep rocky mountains,
deep narrow valleys, and whitesaody plains The distinguishir g
features of this region are its extreme diyness, and the great
difference in the temperature between the day and the night.
It seldom rains; there is very little snow in the valleys in winter,
and no moisture is deposited in dews A difference of forty
degrees in the thermometer between sunrise and noon is not un-
common. The surface is besides so strongly impregnated with
salts as to render cultivation almost impossible. In this r< eion
are the sources of all the chief branches of ihe Columbia, the
northernmost lismg near the G4th, and the southernmost near
the 42d, parallels ot latitude. There are many Ukes in this
section, some of which communicate whh the Columbia, and
others, having no outlet, are salt The largest of ih * salt lakes
is Lake Youta, of which the situation and extent are imperfect-
ly known, The northern part of this region is loss barren than
that just described The v.d'eys are wider, the rams moie fre-
quent, and the soil is freed from salt by the numerous streams
which traverse it. The coiuitiy east of the Rocky Mountains
is, for more than two hundred miles, dry and barren, affording
no manner of support for a population, except in the lmn.edinte
vicinity of streams, and ofiovwg a formidable obstacle to the
settlement of the western territory.
These three regions comprise the Oregon Territory, now in
dispute between the United States and Great Britain. It derives
its chief value from the Columbia liver. The northernmost
branch of this great stream is Canoe riv<>r, which ri^es near the
54th degree of latitude. Near the 521, m its pmerress *outh, it
is joined by two others, at a place called by the iraders Boat
Encamprne-it. Of these two, one flaws from the south along
the base of the Rocky Mountains: the Oth  r rts's in a great
gorge of that chain, ne^r the line o! 53 degrees, and m the imme-
diate vicinity of the highest land on the we?iem continent
Travellers describe the scene as one of terrific desolation.
From this point the united streams run south 200 miles, where
the Columbia receives McGilhvray's river, and soon after
Clark's, both flowing from the Rocky Mountains. Clark's
river, which is nearly as large as the Columbia, rises near the
|j.ead waters of the Missouri; the intervening ridge is not Yery
high; and it may form one of the great channels of future com-
munication. The Clark rushes into the Columbia over a
ledffeof rocks, and then both pass the Blue Mountains at Kettle
Palls, just below which, m latitude 48 degrees 37 minutes is
Port Colville, one of the. principal establishments of the Hud
son's Bay Company. The country in the vicinity is very fertile
and agreeable. Thence the Columbia flows due west, receiv-
ing the Spakan from the southeast, aboutJOO miles, to the
junction with the Olcanagan, a large stream from the nouh,
where the Hudson's Bay Company nave another fort. Thence
the Columbia runs south to the latitude of 46 degrees 8 minutes,
and then joins the Lewis or Snake river. Thjs river risesin
the angle formed by the Rocky and the Snowy Mountains, be-
tween the42dand 44th parallels, near the sources of the Colo,
rado, the Platte, the Yellow Stone, and the Missouri; flows
westward thiough the Snowy Mountains to Salmon Falls;
thence northwest to its junction with the Columbia. Thp Co-
lumbia. below the junction, receives the Walla walla, the ITma-
talla, John Day's river, and the Falls river from the eolith, and
then passes through the rangeof mountains nearest tho Pacific,
under the 46th parallel of latitude. Below the Walla-walla, the
Columbia forms many rapids, some of which are impassable at
low water, but passable atbifih water, both up and down Five
miles below the falls are the Dalles, or narrows, where the riv^r
rushes through a space not more than 150 feet wide, walled in by
basalticcolumns on both sides; and 36 miles lower are t^e Cas-
cades, which are impassable at all times. This noir.t is 125 miles
from the ocean ; the tide comes up to it, and the navigation is
good for vessels drawing not more than fourteen feet of water.
At a distance of about 100 miles from the Pacific, on the north
Ride of the Columbia, stands Foit Vancouver, the piincipal es-
tablishment of the Hudson's Bay Company west of the Rocky
Mountains. It consists of a number of wooden buildings within
a s'ockade, a saw-mill andgr st mill, and the number of inhahi-
tante is about 800 ; several hundred anes nfland are under cul-
tivation. The Wallamet enters the Columbia from the south
about 20 miles below Vancouver; it is navigable for small ves-
sels 20 miles from its mouth. At the head ol its navigation is a
delightful valley, where two settlements have been made, one
by retiring servants of the Hudson's Bay Company, and another
by American citizens chiefly from tins city. Astoria is on the
Columbia, eight miles from its mouth. The Columbia enters
the Pacific between two points of law!, one on the north called
Cape Disappointment, or Cape Hancock, and the other Point
Adams From each a sand bar runs into the water, above which
the waves of the Pacific on the one side, and the torrents of the
Columbia on the other, meet with terrific violence, forming a
line of hicakers, which renders the cn'ranee an'1 departure of
vessfk always hazardous, and often 'inpospible. The depth of
water between the bars is thiity featafihc lowest. The river
abounds in fish, especially sa'nion, which fonn the principal
suppoit of 20.000 savages, who inhabit the first and middle
regions of Oregon.
[Appendix 9.]
Extract fiom the Report of Mr. Ellsworth, Commissioner of
Patents.
Prpaent
Population
estimated
State or Territory.
iv IS-iO,
Population.
Maine *
• 501.97:?
£55 r-25
New Hampshire
• SP4.574
2R9 3(38
Massachusetts •
- 737 699
803 187
Rhode Island *
- ins 830
115 033
Connecticut
• 309 978
316,543
Vermont
• '291 918
297,106
New York
- 2 428.921
2 714 486
New Jersey
• 373,300
401,295
Pennsylvania •
- 1,727 033
1,924 400
Delaware
78,805
78.527
Maryland
• 170 0 9
482 £56
Virginia
• 1,239 797
1.254 938
North Carolina
. 75^,419
701,048
South Carolina
- 591,398
COG 285
Georgia
• 691 392
891,642
Alabama
■ 590 756
057 000
Mississippi
• 375 051
550 407
Louisiana
• 352411
426 1G0
Tennessee
• 829 210
907,770
Kentucky
• 779,828
*28 M 6
Ohio
. 1 519 467
1 834,905
Indiana
■ GS5.866
861175
Illinois
• 476,183
704 809
Missouri
• 383,102
514,000
Arkansas
97 574
133 403
Mtch'can
• 212,5 67
308 437
Florida
54 477
65 005
Wisconsin
30 945
52 379
Iowa
43112
90,Of 0
District of Columbia -
<13,712
52,421
17,069,453
19,552,196
SPEECH OF MR. NORRIS
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE.
In the House of Representatives, January 24, 1845—On
the joint resolution to annex Texas to the United
States.
The House being in Committee of tlie Whole,
Mr. NORRIS spoke as follows:
Mr. Chairman: I do not rise, at this late hour of
the debate, to indulge in crimination or recrimina-
tion against any section of our common country.
Indeed, I have witnessed with unmingletl regret
what has fallen, in the heat of debate, from certain
gentlemen from different sections of the Union,
charging upon other sections indiscriminately a want
of patriotism, and as being actuated by motives and
feelings both unworthy and selfish—charges calcu-
lated to alienate those fiateinal feelings cherished
by our fathers, and which should ever be cherished
between the different sections of our common coun-
try. I have risen for a different purpose; not only
to define my own position, but to "set history
right" m some important particulars, as it respects
the opinions and reasons of distinguished men,
bearing upon the subject under debate.
At the recent session of the legislature of New
Hampshire, resolutions were adopted—in the Senate
unanimously, and in the House of Representatives
by & vote of more than two to one—expressive of
their views in favor of the annexation of Texas to
the United States, and instructing their senators in
Congress, and requesting their representatives, "to
use their exertions to procure the adoption of such
measures by the general government as, in their
opinion, shall be best calculated to effect the rean-
nexation of Texas to the United States, and to as-
sert and maintain our rights in the Territory of Ore-
gon." That these resolutions, coming, as they do,
from the immediate representatives of the. people,
and sustained, as they are, by the recent expression
of the people at the ballot-boxes, breathe the spirit
and speak the sentiments of a large majority of the
people of that State, I have no room to doubt. Tins
expression of the wishes of those whose servant I
am, thus emphatically given upon a subject which
they fully understand, would be sufficient to control
my action upon all questions of expediency; and,
more especially, upon one of the nature of that now
before the committee. But upon this ques-
tion, I am happy to say, my own views ac-
cord with those of the legislature and people of
my State. Such being ,the case, perhaps I ought
not to trespass further upon the time of the com-
mittee. But the great importance of the measure,
as it regards the constitutional exercise of power on
the part of Congress, as well as the consequences
which may result from such exercise, upon the
peace and general welfare of the country, have in-
duced me to submit a few remarks.
1 am in favor of what has been called here the
State plan. The first question, then, which pre-
sents itself is, has Congress the constitutional pow-
er to admit Texas into the Union as a Stated Upon
this point, I am aware there is some diversity of
opinion among those who are professedly infavorof
the annexation. We have been repeatedly told by gen-
tlemen that the measure can be accomplished through
the medium of the treaty-making power alone:
that having, through the intervention of that pow-
er, acquired the right of possession, Congress may
then take the possession by extending the laws of
the Union over the territory thus acquired, and
then, and not till then, admit it into the Union as a
State. To estabish this proposition, gentlemen
have exhibited much learning, derived from the
musty volumes of other days and of foreign au-
thors. Indeed, their deep researches into the law of
nations, touching the treaty-making power, seem to
have produced a kind of learned mania, whereby
two very important facts have been entirely over-
looked, bearing directly upon the point in contro-
versy. In the republic of Texas, as well as in the
United States, the sovereignty resides in the people at
large; but in the monarchies of the Old World, the
sovereignty of the country is supposed to reside in
the monarch himself. Here our governments are
organized under written constitutions of limited
powers, which are the supreme law of the land,
above all treaties; and to which the treaty-making
power is as subordinate as is the legislative or judi-
cial power. There, the treaty-making power, br-
ing in the hands of the monarch, no such limita-
tions exist.
Sir, it has been thrown out from the oppo-
site side of the House, that it was a declared
principle of the democracy that our govern-
ment could do nothing indirectly which it could
not do directly. The force of this fundamental
truth (for such I consider it) is about to be tested,
and the question settled, whether the government
can do directly that which it is admitted, on almost
all hands, it may do indirectly. For, white it is
contended that Congress cannot constitutionally ad-
mit Texas into the Union as a State, it is at the
same time admitted that the treaty-makmg power—
the President and Senate—may acquire it by treaty,
and not only make it admissible, but make a law,
in the terms of such treaty, which shall be obliga-
tory upon Conuress to admit it as a State into the
Union. Such, I believe, were terms of the Louis-
iana and Florida treaties in relation to the territo-
ries then acquired.
From what investigation I have been able to be-
stow upon the subject, I am fully inclined to believe
that the annexation of Texas as a State, in the
mode proposed, is the direct constitutional mode, and
