186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan." 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Norris.
H. of Reps.
"I have been utterly astonished that any gentleman could
read these documents, and still contend that this is not a
belligerent Congress. To remove all question upon this
point, I will furnish gentlemen with evidence, till the most
skeptical, I think, ought to be satisfied. Thus, in the treaty
with Chili, it is stipulated that this Congiess of Panama
shall fix their respective quotas of 'sea and land forces,'
during the present war with Spain, and shall form 'a rally-
ing point in common dangers.' By the treaty with Peru,
the cardinal object of the league is said to be to 'maintain
in.common the cause of their independence;' and this Con-
gress is agreed to be, as before, 'a rallying point in their
common dangers.' The treaty with Mexico is similar—
they being 'confederate forever in peace and war,' and this
Congress their 'point o£ union in common danger.' By
their,treaty with Guatemala, their design is avowed to be
'to identify their principles and interests in peace and war,
to repel any attack or invasion from the enemies of either.'"
Having thus, Mr. Chairman, shown that Mr.
Woodbury looked upon this Panama Congress as
belligerent in its character—the object of which
was to constitute the United States a party to the
Spanish-American confederated league, the nations
of which were then at open war with Spain, and to
make us a joint guarantor of their "territorial in-
tegrity and absolute independence," and "to bear
the brunt" of "defending" those "new States
of the New World from foreign aggression,"—
i will now read another extract from the same
speech of Mr. Woodbury, connected with, and em-
* bracing the extract quoted in my colleague's letter,
to show how utterly groundless the .assertion is,
that this passage quoted by him has the least bear-
ing upon, or relevancy to, the constitutional ques-
tion now before the committee. Mr. Woodbury
says:
"Are these the doctrines of the American Congress or of
the American people? or do they savor of the holy alliance?
Permit me again to repeat that there is no mistake on these
points. "We act with our eyes open, and with the naked
principle, exhibited in so many different postures, and in
such bold relief, that, if the mission is once sent to enter
into measures to enforce it, the die is cast forever, unless
we prove perfidious and treasonable when the contingency
occurs." ,, , . .
"Mr. Poinsett," (continues Mr. Woodbury) "in his letter
of the 29th September, 18-25, removes all doubt on the other
point also; because he (Mr. Poinsett) says 'the United States
had pledged themselves not to permit any other powei to
interfere either with their (Spanish American) independence
or form of government, and that, as in]the event of such an
attempt being made by the powers of Europe, we should be
compelled to take the most acJiue and ejfficitnt party and to
bear the brunt of thecont^t, it was not just that we should
be placed upon a less favorable footing than the other re-
publics—of America—whose existence u-e were ready to sup-
port at sxtch hazards
Here immediately follows the extract in my col-
league's letter:
"But the United States, as a government, have not yet
pledged themselves to any such entangling and despotic
principle in respect to any other nation whatever. They
have not yet agreed to bear the brunt of the contest in any
• foreign war; nor support, at such hazards, the independence
or form of government of any nation or State, except our
own nation and those of the States forming our own con-
federacy. Any such agreement would violate the consti-
tution, and plunge us into a vortex of new coalitions and
confederacies, abhorrent to every feeling and maxim of our
venerated fathers."
Sir, this was the Congress to which we were in-
vited to become a party! Such was the kind of
"political associations or confederacies" which Mr.
Van Buren, Mr. Woodbury, and the other repub-
lican senato rs of that day declared belonged to the
people of the United States alone to form or enter
into "in any manner whatever." The constitution-
al question involved in the case of the Panama mis-
sion is not of kin, even, to that now before the com-
mittee. The present inquiry is, has Congress the
constitutional power to admit a new State into this
Uunion. My colleague says he has left the consti-
tional question - where those gentlemen—Messrs.
Van Buren and Woodbury—left it, satisfied that
no puny efforts of his could add strength to the im-
pregnable position in which they had placed it. I
"will now proceed to show that he has neither left
the constitutional question where those gentlemen
left it, nor met it where they met it.
Mr. Van Buren has never,but upon one occasion,
to my knowledge, discussed this constitutional ques-
tion; and that Was in his celebrated letter of April
last, addressed to a member of this House [Mr.
Hammett.] Nor has Mr. Woodbury given his
constitutional views upon the question before us,
except on two occasions—once m his letter to Mr.
Reid and others, of' May last; and again m his
speech in the Senate of June last.
I will now proceed to finish what I ha\e to acid
upon the constitutional point, in the language of
those distinguished statesmen. Mr. Van Buren in
his letter says: , .
"If there be nothing in the situation or condition
pf the Territory of Texas which would render its
admission hereafter into the Union as a new State
improper, I cannot perceive any objection, on consti-
tutional grounds, to its annexation as a territory.
In speaking of the right to admit new States, I must,
of course, be understood as referring to the power
of Congress. The executive and Senate may, as I
have already observed, by the exercise of the treaty-
making power, acquire territory; but new States can
only be admitted by Congress; and the sole author-
ity over the subject, which is given to it by the con-
stitution, is contained in the following provision, viz:
'new States may be admitted by the Congress into
this Union.' The only restriction^ imposed upon
this general power, .are—1st, that no new States
shall be formed within the jurisdiction of any other
State; nor, 2dly,'any State formed by the junction
of two or more States, or parts of States, without
the consent of the legislatures concerned, as well as
of Congress'—restrictions which have no bearing
upon the present question. The matter, therefore,
stands as it would do if the constitution said, 'new
States may be admitted by the Congress into this
Union,' without addition or restriction. That these
words, taken by themselves, are broad enough to
authorize the admission of the Territory of Texas,
cannot, I think, be well doubted; nor do I perceive
upon what principle we can set up limitations to a
power so unqualifiedly recognised by the constitu-
tion in the plain simple words I have quoted, and
with which no other provision of that instrument
conflicts in the slightest degree.
"In the first place, the articles of confederation,
under which the Union was originally formed, and
which gave place to the present constitution, looked
directly to a broader expansion of the confederacy.
It contained a provision that 'Canada, acceding to
the confederation, and joining in the measures of the
United States, shall lie admitted into, and entitled to
all the advantages of this Union; but no other col-
ony shall be admitted into the same, unless such
admission be agreed to by nine States.' The prac-
ticability as well as expediency of making Canada a
member of the Union, did certainly, to some extent,
at least, occupy the minds of our public men, as
will before the close of the revolution as between
that event and the formation of the new constitution.
This is, however, only a link m the chain of evi-
dence to make probable what subsequent events
make certain, that the framers of the constitution
had their eyes upon this very question, when this
section was finally settled. That part ot the consti-
tution, as appears by the journal of the proceedings
of the convention, was presented in a variety of
forms, before it assumed the shape in which it was
finally adopted.
"In the resolutions offered by Mr. Edmund Ran-
dolph as a basis for the new constitution, and which
contained the first propositions of that character
which were submitted to it, the power in question
was described as follows, viz: 'That provision
ought to be made for the admission of States law-
fully arising within the limits of the United States,
whether arising from a voluntary junction of gov-
ernment or otherwise, with the consent of a number
of voices in the legislature less than the whole.' In
Mr. Charles Pinckney's draft it was proposed
that 'the legislature shall have power to admit new
States into the Union on the same terms with the
original States, provided two-thirds of the members
present in both Houses agree,' leaving out the
clause in respect to the character of the territory.
Mr. Randolph's proposition, containing the restric-
tion confining the power to States lawfully arising
within the hmits (if the United States, was at one time
adopted in committee of the whole, and in that state
referred, with others, to the committee of detail. In
a draft of a constitution reported by that committee,
the article upon this subject contained the following
propositions: 1st. That new States lav.'fully consti-
tuted or established within the limits vf the United
States, might be admitted by the legislature in this
government. 2d. That to such admission the con-
sent of twe-thirdo of the members present in each
House should be necessary. 3d. That if a new
State should arise within the limits of any of the
present States, the consent of the legislature of such
State should also be necessary to its admission.
4th. That if the admission was consented to, the
new States should be admitted on the same terms
with the original States. 5th. That the legisla-
ture might make conditions with the new States
concerning the public debt then subsisting. The
2d, 4th, and 5th clauses were stricken out by the
vote of the convention; and after that had been done
the following was adopted as a substitute for the
whole, viz: 'New States may be admitted by the
legislature into the Union; but no-new State shall
be erected within the limits of any of the present
States without the consent of the legislature of such
State, as well as of- the general legislature,' leaving
out that clause which related to, the domestic charac-
ter of the territory; and this substitute was subse-
quently revised and amended so1 as to make it con-
form in its phraseology to the section as it now
stands in the constitution. These proceedings show
that the proposition to restrict the power'to admit
new States to the territory within the original limits
of the United States, was distinctly before the con-
vention, once adopted by it, and finally rejected in
favor of a clause making the po wer in this respect
general.
"Whatever differences of opinion may exist, as to
the propriety of referring to extraneous matter to in-
fluence the construction of the constitution, where
its language is explicit, there can certainly be no ob-
jections to a resort to such aids to test the correct-
ness of inferences having no other basis than sup-
posed improbabilities. 1 have not, therefore, been
able to bring my mind to any other satisfactory con-
clusion than that it was the intention of the conven-
tion to give the power of admitting new States to
Congress with no other limitations than those which
are specified in that instrument. The language em-
ployed, the specifications of certain restrictions, the
adoption and subsequent exclusion of that which is
now referred to, together %vith the subsequent and
continued action of the new government, all seem to
combine to render this interpretation of the constitu-
tion the true one. * * * Nor is it very unreason-
able to suppose, that those who based their govern-
ment upon the great principle that it is the right of
the people to alter or abolish it, and to institute new
ones in such forms as they shall think most likely
to effect their safety and happiness, should feel them-
selves secure in trusting to their representatives, in
the House, in the Senate, and in the executive chair,
the right to admit new members into the confederacy
with no other restrictions than those which they
have thought proper to specify.
"It was under this view of the constitution that the
purchase of Louisiana in 1803, only fifteen years
after the adoption of the constitution, promising the
incorporation of the ceded territory into the Union,
and the admission, as soon as possible, of the inhab-
itants to the enjoyment of all the rights, advantages,
and immunities of citizens of the United States, was
ratified, confirmed, and finally executed by every
branch of the federal government, whose co-opera-
tion is required by the constitution. * * * *  
"It is true that the acceptance of the cessien, as
well as the admission of the State (Louisiana) be-
came party questions, and were contested with parti-
san warmth. Of the vital importance-of that great
acquisition to the safety, prosperity, and honor of the
whole Union, there can, however, now be no diver-
sity of opinion. But the councils of the nation, in
the course of time, ceased to be at all divided upon
the question of constitutional power to accept a ces-
sion of foreign territory with a view to its ultimate
admission into the Union. In 181,9, the Spanish
treaty for the cession of East and West Florida,
containing the usual stipulation for the ultimate incor-
poration into the Union, was ratified; and upon the
call of the names of the senators present, it appeared
that every one voted for the ratification. Upon the
question of constitutional power, so far as that case
went, the Senate of the United States had, therefore,
become unanimous.
"Certainly no remarks are necessary to show that
there can be no possible difference produced in the
constitutional question by the_ relative positions of
the territory comprising Louisiana, the Flondas, and
Texas, in respect to the United States."
Mr. Woodbury, in his letter to Mr. Reid and
others, says:
"The annexation is disapproved by others, because
considered unconstitutional. But as the provision for in-
troducing new States was altered in its progress through
the convention, so as to leave the language broad enough to
include territory without, as well as within, our original
limits; and as the admission of Louisiana, Arkansas,and
Missouri since into the Union, though not embraced within
our old boundaries, besides the purchase of Florida and
Louisiana as teiritories, have taken place, this question
should be regarded as officially settled in favor of annexa-
tio'n "
In his speech of June last, Mr. Woodbury says:
"The words of the 3d section, article 4th of the constitu-
tion, are: 'New States may be admitted by the Congress
into the Union' This is the whole that bears on the point
nuvv under consideration, and is broad and explicit enough
to cover all cases deemed expedient and proper by ton-
