188
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong.. ..2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. JVorris.
H. of Reps.
"In their (Messrs. Monroe andPinckney) note of the 20th
April, 1805, to the same minister, replying to his argument
in support of the pretensions of your (the Spanish) govern-
ment with regard to these limits, they lay down and estab-
lish, by axhain of reasoning which neither Mr. Cevalios at
the time, nor 'your government at any period since, has
ever attempted to break, three principles sanctioned alike
by immutable justice, and the general practice of European
nations, which have formed settlements and held posses-
sions in this hemisphere; and, by the application of which
to the'facts also stated in their note, this question of bound-
ary ought then, and eventually must be settled."
Sir, if I understood the venerable gentleman right
to-day, he contended in his speech that the colony
of Louisiana never extended west of the Mississip-
pi. Now hear what he said on this point in 1818,
in the same letter from which I have- been quoting.
He says to De'Onis:
"You know, sir, and your own notes furnish themselves
the most decisive proofs, that France, while she held the col-
ony of Louisiana, never did acknowledge the Mississippi as
the western boundary of that province. The claim of France
always did extend westward to the Rio Bravo; and the only
boundaries ever acknowledged by herbefore the cession to
Spain of November 3, 1762, were those marked out in the
grant from Louis XIV to Crozat. She always claimed the
territory which you call Texas as being within the limits,
and forming a part of Louisiana, which m that grant is de-
clared to be bounded westward by New Mexico, eastward by
Carolina, and extending inward to the Illinois and to the
sources of the Mississippi and of its principal branches."
Sir, although the venerable gentleman has made
quite a good argument to-day on the Spanish side of
the question, yet I think no one can read his irrefu-
table argument in 1818, who will not at once confess
that he made a far better one then on the side of his
own country. That, up to the time' of the Florida trea-
ty in 1819, Texas was not only claimed to be, but
believed by our government to be, within the Lou-
isiana cession, it seems to me cannot successfully be
disputed.
Mr. Monroe, in his letter to Mr. De Onis of June
10,1816, says that—
•'With respect to the western boundary of Louisiana, I
have to remark that this government has never doubted,
since the treaty of 1803, that it extended to the Rio Bravo.
Satisfied I am, that if the claims of the two nations were
submitted to an impartial tiibunal, why, observing the prin-
ciples applicable to the ca^e, and tracing facts as to discov-
ery ana settlement on either side, such would be its de-
cision. The discovery of the Mississippi as low down as
the Arkansas in 1673, and to its mouth in 1680, and the es-
tablishment of settlements on that river and on the bay of
St. Bernard, on the western side of the Colorado, in 1685,
under the authority of France, when the nearest settlement
of Spain was in the province of Panuco, are facts to place
the claim of the United States on ground not to be bha-
ken."
Although I admit that whatever title we had ac-
quired to Texas by the treaty ceding to us the prov-
ince or colony of Louisiana in 1803, was ceded to
Spain by the Florida treaty of 1819, yet, notwith-
standing the latter session, if Texas was a part of
the Louisiana purchase, (of which the letter, to
which I have referred, of the venerable gentleman
from Massachusetts gives the most indubitable evi-
dence,) then I contend, that the people of Texas
have a strong claim upon us, if it can be done with-
out a second breach of national faith and honor, to be
admitted into the Union. In the treaty with France,
by which we acquired Louisiana, we solemnly stip-
ulated with that nation, that
"The inhabitants of the ceded territory shall be incor-
porated into the Union of the United States, and admitted 8 s
goon as possible, according to the principle of the federal
constitution, to the enjoyment of all the rights, advantages,
and immunities of citizens of the United States; and, in the
mean time, shall he protected in the free enjoyment of their
liberty, property, and the religion which they profess."
Between the time of this treaty, 1803, and the
time of the Florida treaty, 1819, the population had
become considerably increased by emigration from
the United States, under the idea held out by our
government that that territory was indubitably
within the pale of the Union. Upon the news of
the Florida treaty, what did the people of that terri-
tory, who had by that transaction been transferred
and made the subjects of the despotism of the King
of Spain, do? I here refer to what has been often
repeated in this debate; first, I believe, by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass,] and since
by others. Why, sir, in supreme council assem-
bled they declared—
"The recent treaty between Spain and the United States
of America has dissipated an illusion too long fondly cher-
ished, and has roused the citizens of Texas from the torpor
into which a fancied security had lulled them. Ihey
have seen themselves, by a con'yf.ntiom to-which they
were no r\rty, abandoned to ihf. dominion of thc
crows of Spain: and left a prey, not only to impositions
already intolerable, but to all those exactions which Span-
ish rapacity is capable of devising. The citizens ol Texas
would have proved themselves unworthy of the age in which
they live—unworthy of their ancestry of the kindred repub-
Bcs of the American continent—could thay have hesitated
in this emergency as to what course to pursue. Spurning
the fetters of colonial vassalage—disdaining to submit to
the most atrocious despotism that ever disgraced the annals
of Europe—they have resolved, under the blessing of God,
to be FREE."
In February, 1824, the federal constitution of
Mexico, modled upon the same plan as that of the
United States, was adopted; and soon afterwards the
two provinces, Texas and Coahulia, were admitted,
and composed one of the sovereign States of the
Mexican republic. From that time up to 1835,
these provinces continued to form one of the States
of the Mexican confederacy. In that year—says
Mr. Hunt in a letter to Mr. Forsyth—
"Affairs now were verging to an important crisis. Gen-
eral Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna had openly declared in
favor of centralism, which, however specious in Its pre-
tences, was really based upon the downfall of the Statp gov-
ernments, and the consolidation of all power, civil and mili-
tary, in the hands of single individual. Many of the States
had recourse to arms in support of their sovereignty, and
Santa Anna took the field against them. The blood-stained
march of the usurper was invariably attended with the most
triumphant success. One by one the States toppled and
fell The legislature of Coahuila and Texas was dissoK-ed
at the point of the bayonet. The noble State of Zacatecas,
battling to the last for her liberties, and weltering in the
life blood of her Imthered citizens, was forced to yield to
the relentless terms of the dictator, Mexican liberty fled,
and found heronly place of refuge among the Anglo-Ameri-
cans of Texas."
Here, sir, the most deperate struggle ensued be-
tween the people of Texas, contending to desperation
for their liberties, and the base minion of the most
unprincipled and bloody despotism. The horrid
and fisndlike butcheries of the Alamo,—the heartless
treachery and cold-blooded assassination of Goliad,
only invigorated this brave people with fresh cour-
age, bordering on desperation to resist, even to exter-
mination, the murderer of their countrymen,—the
usurper of their liberties. On the 21st of April,
1836, they sealed their emancipation from Mexican
despotism with the blood of their enemies, upon the
battle field of San Jacinto.
Thus we see this confederated State of the Mex-
ican republic, based upon a constitution similar to
our own, when that constitution had been trampled
down and annihilated by a desperate usurper, grasp-
ing at absolute power, falling back and asserting her
original sovereignty and independence, and success-
fully defending herself against the imposition of
that form of government to which she had never
given her consent—asserting and defending no more
than any State of this Union would have the
most unquestioned right, and ought, under like cir-
cumstances, to do. The sovereignty and independ-
ence of Texas thus asserted, and successfully main-
tained for almost nine years, has been for years ac-
knowledged, not only by the United States, but by
the leading powers of Europe. 1 ask then, in view
of this state of the case, what right has Mexico to
exercise or attempt to exercise, jurisdiction over the
people or territory of Texas? No gentleman upon
this floor, to my knowledge, has yet attempted to
tell us. And yet we have been told again and again,
and last, though not least, by the venerable gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] to-day, that
we have no right to annex Texas without the con-
sent of Mexico. Sir, that Texas is an independent
sovereignty, de jure as well as de facto, has not been
denied even by him; this being the fact, 1 should
have been gratified if he had told us why it is that
Mexico should be consulted in this matter any more
than Spain, or any other nation. No good reason,
I think, can be assigned—surely none has been. It
seems to me, that this doctrine is an insult to the
people of Texas, and wholly at variance with the
doctrines laid down in the great charter of Ameri-
can liberty—our declaration of independence. And
with what grace does this doctrine now come from
gentlemen upon the other side, and, especially, from
the gentleman from Massachusetts. If I have read
history right, that gentleman, in 1825, and again in
1827, while President of the United States, attempt-
ed, by negotiation, to annex Texas to this country
by treaty with Mexico; and that, too, at a time
when both Texas and Mexico were revolting prov-
inces from Spain, and when the latter had a large
body of troops within those provinces for the pur-
pose of subjugating them. Did he then ask the con-
sent of Spain? Did he even consult that power in
relation to the proposed annexation? Not at all. I
would say to the venerable gentleman, in the lan-
guage of the trite but very forcible truth,'"0 consist-
ency, thou art a jewel." But, sir, "circumstances alter
cases." Not only in this is the venerable gentleman
at fault, but also in another important particular.
He told us, in his speech to-day, that with the con-
sent of Mexico, and with Texas free from slavery,
as it was in 1825 or 1827, when he attempted to an-
nex it by negotiation, that he would "vote for an-
nexation tO-morrow;" yes, he would, slavery aside,
go to the Rio del Norte to-morrow. Now, what is
the fact in regard to the existence of slavery in Texas
in 1825 and J 827? Slavery existed throughout the
Mexican republic till 1829, two years after the gen-
tleman's last attempt to annex Texas, when it was
abolished by a decree of the Mexican government.
This brings me to the consideration of another ob-
jection.
Again, it is urged that Texas ought not to be an-
nexed to the United States because it will extend
and perpetuate slavery. Upon this subject of
slavery, I shall speak frankly, freely, and fearlessly.
I will cover myself with no hypocritical pretences
to please the South, or to gain the applauses and be
canonized by the political abolitionists of the
North. I shall utter the same sentiments and'opin-
ions here as in my own native village, where the
black man is so much of a "rara avis" that the
child utters an involuntary scream, and clings closer
to the nurse's bosom, at his approach. Sir, I am
heartily and sincerely opposed to the institution of
slavery. I believe it to be a great moral and politi-
cal evil. Perhaps I shauld not go too far in saying
that I believe I am as sincerely opposed to the in-
stitution of slavery as any gentleman upon this
floor, however loudly he may denounce it, or how-
ever disposed he may be, by such means, to crcate
sectional prejudices, local animosities, and civil dis-
cord, between the different sections of our common
country. But, notwithstanding this, I am far from
joining with them, and the political abolitionists
generally, in their works of professed benevolence
and philanthropy, inasmuch as I sincerely believe
that what they have done, and are still doing, upon
this subject, is calculated directly to retard, if not
totally defeat, for a very long time to come, what I
would gladly see consummated—the final extin-
guishment of slavery by the act and consent of
those who alone are responsible fonts continuance,
and who alone have power to abolish it. That the
time will come, in the providence of God, when
this will be done, I ardently hope and sincerely be-
lieve. Emancipation must, however, be a gradual
work, in1 order to be successful; and not by rushing
madly on, opening the floodgates of destruction
alike upon the master and the slave. There is
another reason why I am far from joining with the
political abolitionists in their acts of professed be-
nevolence. It is this: I believe the prime ob-
ject of the leaders of that party to be the at-
tainment of political power, that they may
"ride upon the whirlwind and direct the storm"
in the atmosphere of politics. In confirmation
of this position, I will barely refer to what the lead-
ers and organs of this political party (for such I shall
call it) are now doing in my own State, growing out
of the course which my honorable colleague [Mr.
Hale] has thought right to pursue in relation to
the question now before the committee. In an ex-
tra to an abolition sheet, called the Granite Freeman,
published at Concord, in that State, which is the
organ of this party there, issued the 23d of the
present month, my colleague and myself are placed
in juxtaposition. On the one side, he is bedaubed
with unrestricted commendation; and on the other,
I am bespattered with a republication of a garbled,
and in many particulars false, account, got up some
nine years ago by the political priests of that party.
Thousands of these extras are thrown into the mar-
ket there for the coming political contest. I do not,
refer to this publication, because I care what such
a print says about me, for I regard it with the ut-
most contempt; but it is to elucidate the position
that I have taken, that their prime and sole object is
political power. In relation to the course pursued
by my colleague here upon this question, that paper
says:
"Hon-. John P. Hale has stepped forth in this perilous
crisis of the country and taken a firm stand against the en-
largement of the empne ot oppression -assigning those im-
pregnable reasons therefor which the sons of liberty have
ever maintained. His constituents will not be found want-
ing in the hour of trial, notw ithstanding the fuimmations of
the natural allies of slavery."
Thus the leaders of this party have brought my
colleague to the baptismal font—sprinkled him with
its waters—extended to him the right hand of fel-
lowship; and it now only remains for him to nod
assent to their articles of political faith in order to be
admitted to full communion in their church mili-
tant and invested with holy orders from their politi-
