190
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Norris.
H. of Reps.
the Gulf of Mexico a rich and fertile tropical ter-
ritory, adapted to the raising of cotton, sugar, and
l'ice. Now, just as- sure as capitalists seek those
places where their investments are most profitable,
just as sure as effect follows a sufficient cause, the
planters upon their worn-out plantations in these
old States, will emigrate and settle upon those new
lands, taking with them a large mass of the slave
population. Their places will bo supplied, as they
have been already, to some extent, by emigration
from more northern States, bringing with it its in-
domitable enterprise, industry, and agricultural
skill, which will be successfully applied in regener-
ating an exhausted, yet, by nature, an exuberant and
fertile soil. Instead of the dilapidated mansion of
the planter, will spring up the beautiful farm house
and cottage, so peculiar to the North, and which
forms one of the most striking characteristics of the
taste and thrift of that section of the Union.
The regenerated fields will wave with the in-
creased abundance of the products of the soil in the
application of a new system of cultivation by free
labor, yielding a rich and profitable return. Thus
the master will not only be brought to see, but abso-
lutely to feel, that, to him at least, slavery is an evil,
and its burdens more than he can long sustain. Sir,
to contend that, with this competition, slavery can
exist to any great extent, or for any great length of
time, is to reverse every principle of philosophical
reasoning, and to say that interest has no control
over human action.
Now, sir, why is it that very many, and some
very prominent men in the South oppose annexa-
tion? Is it because annexation will tend to strength-
en and perpetuate slavery? Is it because they
believe that abolition either was, or would be bene-
ficial and necessary for the South? Surely not.
Among the distinguished southerners who have
spoken upon the subject, and who resist not only
the abolition of slavery in all time to come, but
fiercely protest against the annexation of Texas, is
Gen. Waddy Thompson of South Carolina. In
commenting upon Mr. Senator Walker's letter, who
is m favor of the ultimate abolition of slavery, Gen.
Thompson says:
"If [believed with Mr Walker that abolition either was,
or would become, beneficial or necessai} lor the South, I
Khouid most certainly be in lavor of annexation, as both
the most certain and be^t mode of accomplishing that ob-
ject."
But it may be said, that at the same time that an-
nexation frees the northern slaveholding States from
the institution, it transfers the slaves to new States
on the Gulf of Mexico.
Sir, it will remove the institution further south,
and to a climate more congenial to the negro race;
and, I assert it, that if annexation were calculated
to produ e these results, and these alone, I would
riot withhold my vote for the measure on that ac-
count. But it transfers them to a region where an
assimilation of complexion and habits, brought
about by the operation of a tropical climate, wiping
out the odious distinction of color, is calculated final-
ly to blend the races, and extinguish the institution.
Again: they will be placed upon the borders of
Mexico—a country inhabited by those of their own
color where slavery does not exist—thus furnishing
an easy exit to the free negroes, to say nothing of
the thousands of slaves who shall be lucky enough
to escape, either with or without the permission of
their masters. I have thus, sir, spoken freely upon
the question of slavery as connect with the meas-
ure before the committee, and of the consequences
which I believe annexation will have upon that in-
stitution.
I will now proceed to notice some of the reasons
in favor of the measure before the committee. My
colleague, [Mr, Hale,] after having extracted into
his letter such portions of the correspondence of
Messrs. Upshur and Calhoun as treat of annexa-
tion in connection with slavery growing out of the
avowed policy of Great Britain, to which I have re-
tln-ed, says that, in his belief, they "are all the
substantial reasons which our government have
alleged as justifying; the measure of annexation,"
Sir, it is surely no welcome duty to me, in giving
some of the reasons which i deem substantial, and
as justifying the measure of annexation, to be com-
pelled to introduce the testimony of some very il-
lustrious witnesses, to :*how that he has f.dlcn into
as great error in this recpcct, as he did in his author-
ities upon the constitutional qiustion. Whatever
title we had acquired to Texas, by the treaty with
Fiance in 1803, under Mr. Jefferson's administra-
tion, was ceded to Spain by the treaty of Florida in
1819, during Mr. Monroe's administration, and
while the venerable gentleman fro'm Massachusetts
[Mr. Adams] was Secretary of State. The latter
gentleman was inaugurated President of the United
States on the 4th of March, 1825. Immediately
upon his accession to the presidency, on the 26th of
the same March, the Secretary of State, [Mr. Clay,]
by the directions of the President, gave instructions
to Mr. Poinsett, our minister at Mexico, to sound
the Mexican government as to the establishment of
a new line between Mexico and the United States.
The insfructions allege, as reasons for this, that—
"The line of the Sabine approaches oar great1 western
mart nearer than could be wished. Perhaps the Mexican
government may not be unwilling to establish that of the
Rio Brassos de Dios, or the Rio Colorado, or the Snow
mountains, or the Rio del Norte in lieu of it "
Of such great importance did the President [Mr.
Adams] then consider it, that "that the Red river
and Arkansas, and their respective tributary
streams" should be exclusively - within our own
limits; that the instructions required Mr. Poinsett
"to effect that object." In March, 1827, Mr. Poin-
sett is again instructed by the President, through
Mr. Clay, to press this negotiation. He says:
"The President has thought the present an auspicious pe-
riod for urging a negotiation at Mexico to settle the bounda-
ry of the two republics."
'•If we could obtain such a boundary as we desire, the
government of the United St&tes might be disposed to pay a
reasonable pecuniary compensation. The boundary we
prefer is that which, beginning at the mouth of the Rio del
Norte in the sea, shall ascend that river to the mouth of the
Rio Puercoj thence ascending this river to its source, and
from its .source by a line due north to strike the .Arkansas;
thence following the southern bank of the Arkansas to its
source in latitude 42 degrees north; and thcnce by that par-
allel of latitude to the South sea."
But the instructions did not stop here, of such
great importance did that administration consider
the acquisition of Texas, Mr. Poinsett was au-
thorized to offer the Mexican government, if the
boundary could be pushed as far southwest as the
Rio del Norte, a sum not exceeding a million of dol-
lars; and if it could be established on the Colorado,
the sum of half a million of dollars. And Mr. Poin-
sett was further authorized to "provide for the in-
corporation of the inhabitants into the Union" by
the treaty.
In August, 1829, the negotiation for Texas is
again renewed under President Jackson's adminis-
tration. Mr. Van Burcn, his Secretary of State,
thus instructs our minister at Mexico:
"It is the wish of the President that you should, without
delay, open a negotiation with the Mexican government for
the purchase of so much of the province of Texas as is
hereinafter described. He is induced by a deep conviction
of the real nerrssity nj the proposed acquisition, not only as a
guard for our western frontier, and the protection of New
Orleans, but also to secure forever to the inhabitants of the
\ alloy of the Mississippi the undisputed and undisturbed
possession ot the navigation of that river. The territory of
which possession is desned by the United States, is all that
part of the province of Texas which lies east of a line be-
ginning at the Gulf ot Mexico, m the centre ol the desert, or
grand prairie, which lies west of the 3<io Nueces. And the
treaty may provide for the incorporation of the inhabitants
into the Union.'''
In March, 1833, General Jackson makes his sec-
ond effort to annex Texas to this country by nego-
tiation. Instructions are renewed to our minister at
Mexico, through Mr. Livingston, the Secretary of
State, to accomplish the "very desirable object" of
annexation.
Afterwards, in J835, our minister is again in-
structed to procure, if it could be done, a boundary
with Mexico "begmningat the Gulf ofMexico, pro-
ceeding along the eastern bank of the river Rio
i'ravo del iNorte to the 37th parallel of latitude, and
thence along that parallel to the Pacific."
Thus we see that, during these two administra-
tions, repeated and strenuous efforts were made to
bring Texas within the limits of the Union; and
that not by one of the great political parties in the
country, but by each in its turn. And this was
done for reasons then deemed by each party sub-
stantial and of pressing importance to the welfare
and security of the republic: not to strengthen
and perpetuate slavery, as my colleague supposes,
but as a great and paramount national measure of
"real necessity;" because, as in the language of
Mr. Adams, "the line of the Sabine approaches our
great western mart nearer than could be wished,"
and becausc of the great importance of having en-
tirely within our limits, "the Tied river and Arkan-
sas and their respective tributary streams;" and be-
cause, as m the language of General Jackson, there
was a "real necessity of the proposed acquisition, not
only as a guard for our western frontier and the pro-
tecl'xm of Mis Orleans, but also to secure forever to
the inhabitants of the valley of the"Mississippi the
undisputed and undisturbed possession of the navi-
gation of that river."
Sir, when I consider this measure in the aspects in
which it has been presented by these distinguished
statesmen, whileat the head of the government,in by-
gone days; when I consider that we have not, nor ever
can have, the undisputed and undisturbed possession
of the navigation of the Mississippi, so longas the
navigable waters of the Red and Arkansas rivers—
those large and important tributaries of the Missis-
sippi—are within the limits of a foreign territory;
when I consider that New Orleans is the great mart
of commerce, where all the surplus products of the
industrious and rapidly increasing millions, occupy-
ing that vast ana fertile pertion of our common
country bordering upon the Mississippi and its
mighty and almost numberless tributaries, embra-
cing the whole extent between the Alleghany
and Rocky mountains, are exchanged not only
for the manufactures and fisheries of the north-
east, but for the products of almost every nation and
clime under heaven; when I consider that all this vast
commerce must pass the mouth of the Mississippi
through the Gulf of Mexico, within a few hours'
sail of the harbors of Texas, and that it might be
successfully annoyed and cut off by a maritime
power having control there, or by the Texians, or
by the Texians in alliance with any other nation
hostile to our commerce,—it would seem that the real
necessity for annexation, which existed in the minds
of Messrs. Adams and Jackson, must press upon us
now with greatly accumulated force. It seems to
me that these alone are considerations furnishing
"substantial reasons" to every American statesman
for prompt and decisive action. Sir, are reasons
like these, which have been urged by our govern-
ment "as justifying the measure of annexation, cal-
culated to provoke the scorn of earth and the judg-
ment of Heaven?"
But my colleague may say, that when he tells his
constituents and the country that he has given them
in his letter all the substantial reasons which have
been alleged by our government as justifying the
measure of annexation, that he intended only the
substantial reasons alleged by the present adminis-
tration.
Indeed, my colleague, as I have before shown,
says:
"This question may have national aspects in which it may
he presented to the public eye: but if it have, they have been
most carefully kept out of sight by those who have thus far
managed this negotiation."
Sir, I shall not enter the lists with my colleague
to vindicate any administration, and especially the
present. But, while I declare this, I would, at the
same time, say that I will knowingly do injustice to
no one, and more especially where that injustice is
calculated to mislead and create false impressions
among those whose agent I am. And f will here
remark that the assumption on which Messrs. Up-
shur and Calhoun based their correspondence was
this—that Great Britain, in her professions of phi-
lanthropy in regard to the abolition of slavery, was
wholly hypocritical, and that her ultimate and on-
ly real object was to increase the value of her own
tropical possessions, and engross to herself the com-
merce of the world. Although I differ with them,
in regard to the benefits of slavery, heaven-wide, yet
that they judged corrpctly of the real policy and ul-
timate design of the British government, I have not
a shadow of a doubt.
Sir, my colleague has quoted from the letters of
Mr. Upshur, in this correspondence, to show all
the reasons that have been alleged by our govern-
ment which he [Mr. Hale] deems substantial, and
as justifying the measure of annexation. I will
here read some short extracts from the same corres-
pondence, taken from Mr. Upshur's letters to Mr.
Murphy, containing reasons which, by some, I have
no doubt, will be deemed substantial. Indeed, they
are so to me. Mr. Upshur says:
"Texas is already an important customer to us. Being
herself exclusively and almost necessarily argicultural, she
must depend on other countries for nearly all the manufac-
tured articles oi every sort which her people need Her
sympathies are now wiih us, and her geographical position
enables her to tiade with us more advantageously than with
any other country
* * * * # s
"Give to England more favorable terms of trade then the
United :-*titcs can obtain, and her manufactures of all kinds
will tie thro1* n into Texas, not merely lor the supply of that
country^ but with a view to have them smuggled into the
United States. This will be an easy process, and one which
this government will find it impossible to arrest. Our south-
ern and southwestern States wilt be filled with the manufac-
tures of England, smuggled across the Red river and through
