Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ifl
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. JVorris.
H. of Reps.
the interior waters of Louisiana. Thus the manufacturing
states of our Union will not only lose the market of Texas
itself, but they will also lose, to a great extent, the still
more valuable market of our southern and southwestern
States The result is not only probable, but it is almost
certain. It is too important to be contemplated without very
giave concern on the part of this government.
"The eftect on the cotton-growing States of our Union,
although it will not be equally disastrous, will yet be very
seriously felt. The cotton of Texas will necessarily be
given in exchange for the manufactures of England, and of
course it will take the place, to that extent, of the supplies
now furnished to that country by the United States."
The effect of this state of things upon the revenues of the
United States is not unworthy oi consideration. Importations
from England will cease to the extent of the supply which
will be smuggled into this country, and the revenue from
customs will be diminished in the same proportion, and, as
a necessary consequence, the navigating interests of our
people will suffer in ,no inconsiderable degree."
"The policy of England is purely commercial. Her ob-
ject is to engross the commcrcc of the world—by diploma-
cy, if she can, and by force, if she must. On this subject,
she will expect, and ultimately compel, concessions from
Texas, which Texas, once surrendered to her influence and
protection, will not have the power to refuse. The conse-
quence will be, to disgust and irritate other nations, and
particularly the United States. We are even now the great
rivals of England in commerce and manufactures. It is a
favorite object with her to cripple us in both these branches
of our industry, and for that reason she is pushing her in-
fluence m every commercial mart of the world, tor a few
j wars Texas might be benefited by this, because it would
throw into her ports an immense amount of English manu-
factures, designed not merely for the supply ofTexas, but
olso for that of the United States, by means of smuggling
across the Red river and the Sabine "
Not only so; the President of the United States,
under whose direction and supervision the treaty
for annexing Texas to the United States was nego-
tiated, in his message to the Senate transmitting that
treaty for their ratification, sets forth his reasons at
large. In that communication the President em-
braces not only the reasons which were urged
with such force by his predecessors, Messrs.
Adams and Jackson, but specifies others, by enter-
ing into detail, which not only "may have national
aspects," but which, from their character, are of
paramount national importance. The President
says:
"The country thus proposed to be annexed ligs been settled
principal!} by peiaons from the United States, who emigra-
ted on the invitation of both Spain and Mexico, and carried
with them into the wilderness which they have partially re-
claimed the laws, customs, and political and domestic insti-
tutions of their native land. They are deeply indoctrinated
in all the princij -les of civil liberty, and will bring along
with them, in the act of reassociation, devotion to our
Lnion, and a firm and inflexible resolution to assist m
maintaining the public liberty unimpaired—a consideration
which, as it appears to me, is to be regarded as of no small
moment. The country itself, thus obtained, is of incalcula-
ble value in an agricultural and commercial point of view.
To a soil of inexhaustible fertility, it unites a genial and
healthy rhmate, and is destined, at a day not distant, to
make large contributions to the commerce of the orld.
Its territory is separated from the United States, in part, by
au imaginary line, and by the river Sabine for a distance of
310 miles; and its productions are the same with those of
many of the contiguous States of the Union. Such is the
country, such are its inhabitants, and such its capacities to
add to the general wealth of the Union. As to the latter.it
may he saiely asserted, that m the magnitude of its produc-
tions it will equal, in a short time, under the protecting care
of this government, if it does not surpass, the combined pro-
duction of many of the States of the confederacy. A new
and powerful impulse will thus be given to the navigating
interest of the country, which will be chiefly engrossed by
our iellow-citizens of the eastern and middle. States, who
have .already attained a remarkable degree of prosperity by
the partial monopoly they have enjoyed of the carrying
trad? of the Union, particularly the constwise trade, which
t'nsuew acquisition is clesrmedm time, and that not distant,
to '•well to a magnitude which cannot easily be computed,
■•vhilo th-j addition made to the boundaries ol the home mar-
ket, thus seemed to their mining, manufacturing, and me-
chanical skill and industry, will be of a character the most
commanding and important. Such are «ome of the many
advantages which wail accrue to the eastern and middle
States by the ratification of tne treaty—advantages, the ex-
tent of which it is impossible to estimate w ith accuracy or
pcoperly to appreciate. Texas being adapted to the culture
cotton, sugar, and rice, and devoting most of her energies
to the iamng of these productions, will open an extensive
market to the western States, in the important aiti-
cies of beef, 'pork, horses, mules. c., as well as in
Vpadstufts At the same time, the southern and
southwestern States will find, m the fact of annexation,
protection and security to their peace and tranquillity, as
Nveil against all domestic as foreign ellbrt- to disturb them,
thus consecrating anew tb^ union ofthe States, and holding
out the promise of its perpetual duration. Thus, at the same
time that the tide of public prosperity is greatly swollen, en
appeal, of what appears to the executive to be of an impo-
sing, if not of a icsistless character, is made to the inteiest*
ol every portion of the country. Agriculture, which would
have a new aud extensive market opened for its produce:
commerce, whose ship** \i mild be freighted with the rich
productions of an extensive and fertile region; and the me-
chanical arts, m all their various lamifications would seem
to unite in one universal demand for the ratification oi the
treaty.
**###* 
'•The hazard of now defeating her wishes may be of the
most fatal tendency. It might lead, and most probably
would, to such an entire alienation of sentiment ana feeling,
as would inevitably induce her to look elsewhere for aid,
and force her either to enter into dangerous alliances with
other nations, who, looking with more wisdom to their own
interests, would, it is fairly to be presumed^ readily adopt
such expedients; or she would hold out the proffer of dis-
criminating duties in trade and commerce, in order to se-
cure the necessary assistance. "Whatever step she might
adopt, looking to this object, would prove disastrous, in the
highest degier, to the interests of the whole Union. To say
nothing of the impolicy of our permitting the carrying trade
and home market of such a country to pass out of our hands
into those of a commercial rival, the government, in the
first place, would be ceitam to suffer most disastrously in
its revenue by the introduction of a system of smuggling
upon an extensive scale, which an army of customhouse
officers could not prevent, and which would operate to af-
fect injuriously the interests of all the industrial classcs of
this country. Hence would arise constant collisions be-
tween the inhabitants of the two countries, which would
evermore endanger their peace. A large increase of the
military force of the United States would inevitably fol-
low—thus devolving upon the people new and extraordi-
nary burdens, in order not only to protect them from the
danger of daily collision with Texas herself, but to guard
their border inhabitants against hostile inroads, so easily
excited, on the part of the numerous and warlike tribes of
Indians dwelling in their neighborhood. Texas would un-
doubtedly be unable, for many years to come, if at any time,
to resist, unaided and alone, the military power of the Uni-
ted States; but it is not extravagant to suppose that nations
reaping a rich harvest from her trade, secured to them by
advantageous treaties, would be induced to take part with
her in any conflict w itli us, from the strongest considera-
tions of public policy, Such a state of things might subject
to devastation the territory of contiguous States, and would
cost the country, in a single campaign, more treasure, thrice
told over, than is stipulated to be paid and reimbursed by
the treaty now proposed for ratification.''
I have thus, Mr. Chairman, in noticing that part
of my colleague's letter wherein he says, that, in
his belief, he has laid before his constituents "all the
substantial reasons, which our government have al-
leged asis justifying the measure of annexation," been
led to draw, somewhat largely, from the recorded
reasons of the leading men of all parties, while they
have had the control of public affairs, showing the
importance of the annexation ofTexas to the United
States. Reasons, when combined, looking to the
safety, prosperity, and common welfare of every
section of our whole country.
Sir, I ask, are these reasons, all of which have
been alleged by our government, as justifying the
measure of annexation, unsubstantial? Are they
"eminently calculated to promote the scorn of earth
and the judgment-of Heaven?1' So substantial are
they in my view, that their introduction has relieved
me from the burden of the argumentupon this point,
and perhaps I ought to say, in the language of my
colleague, that I leave the question wherefour gov-
ernment has left it; "satisfied that no puny efforts of
mine can add strength to the impregnable position in
which they placed it."
One word to the gentleman from Ohio, who ad-
dressed the committee the other day upon this ques-
tion. He told us that the argument that annexation
was important, in a military point of view, was all
mere humbug. Sir, this is the first intimation, I
believe, coming from any source, that the venerable
gentleman from Massachusetts, and the old hero of
the Hermitage, and General Cass to boot—for he, it
seems, entertains the same opinions in this particu-
lar with Messrs. Adams and Jackson—had been
caught in"the ridiculous category of humbuging the
people,—and that, too, upon the sa7ne subject. I
have often heard of Bentonian humbugs. Ah! sir, and
here I add another distinguished gentleman to this
military committee. Butit has been left to the supe-
lior judgment and keener vision of the gentleman
from Ohio, to dctcct and expose to the American
people, that these four distinguished statesmen have,
each in his turn, been playing a strong hand at the
game of humbug, upon this very important question
of the military importance of Texas to the United
States. If the gentleman's discovery be true, surely
the country owes him much for it. But how did he
attempt to prove it? Why, he told us of the patriot-
ism and bravery of the people upon the Upper Mis-
sissippi and its tributaries, and that, should any foe,
foreign or domestic, attempt to obstruct the free
navigation of the Lowei Mississippi, or invade the
great commercial emporium near its mouth, the
w hole northwest and west would rush down, like
the Goths and Vandals of old, carrying devastation
and death to the invaders. I would be the last man
to detract, from the patriotism and noble daring of
the people of the West. But let rne barely say to
the gentleman, thet should Texas fall into other
hands, or be guided by other counsels than ours, and
should Great Britain conclude to contend with us
for Oregon or for any other cause, he will probably
learn that precaution and prevention are the better
part of valor.
But gentlemen have asked, why annex more ter-
ritory, whose products are similar to those so
abundantly proauced in the southern and south-
western States? and have argued that, because
there is already raised in that quarter such a surplus
of cotton that the price has become very much
reduced, annexation will reduce the price of this
great staple still more in the markets of the world,
and thus cripple and break down this very impor-
tant interest. The fact that a very considerable
portion of the territory of Texas is the best cotton
growing country in the world, producing abundant-
ly and of the finest quality, affords to my mind an
unanswerable argument in favor of immediate an-
nexation, when I look at the subject in a com-
mercial point of view.' Texas, whether annexed
to the United States or not, is destined ere long
to become a large producer of many, if not all, the
the tropical productions, and especially cotton, which
will be exchanged for the manufactures and products
of other regions. This will at once make her a large
and flourishing commercial community. Now letgen-
tlemen look upon the subjeet in the most favorable
light to the United States. Suppose she remain a free
and mdependentnation,without entangling or unequal
alliances with any, peaceably pursuing the particu-
lar and exclusive interests of her own people: would
not the productions of her soil enter into competition
with like productions of the United States in the
markets of the world, and have as much tendency,
at least, to reduce the price on the latter, as if she
constituted a portion of the United States? This is
unquestionable. But go one step further, and sup-
pose—yes, suppose what I, for one, believe will
prove a solemn reality, should Texas not be annex-
ed—that she enters into a commercial treaty with
England, to receive the manufactures of the latter
into Texas free of duty, on condition, if nothing
further, that England will receive her cotton ana
other products into her ports free of duty. While
this would be- doubly beneficial to the English man-
ufacturer of cotton goods, by relieving him from
both the import and export duty, it would give to
that country the exclusive command of the markets
of Texas in all manufactured articles, and enable her
to sell, in all the markets of the world, her cotton
fabrics cheaper, to the amount of the import duty
on the raw material; it would, also, inevitably place
in her grasp all the carrying trade and commerce of
Texas. On the other hand, by such an arrange-
ment Texas would monopolize the cotton market of
England. And this, all this, would be at the ex-
pense of our commercial and navigating, our manu-
facturing, our planting and farming interest—affect-
ing most injuriously the general prosperity of our
common country.. But go still one step further, and
suppose (what recent developments seem to warrant)
that England will effect such a treaty by large loans
of money, and guarantying the independence of
Texas: Texas at once becomes a mere dependency
of Great Britain, subject to her absolute control and
dictation. This would produce such a state of
things as every one will readily acknowledge the
United States could not, for a moment, tolerate; and
we should be compelled, in self-defence, to attempt
to achieve that by the sword which we should now
do peaceably and promptly.
That England is becoming alarmed at the idea of
our engrossing the control of the products and com-
merce in the Gulf of Mexico, is plainly indicated
by speeches in Parliament, and by her public press;
and she will lesort to every means in her power to
countcract it. She looks upon us with a jealousy
bordering upon hatred, as her great rival in com-
merce, manufactures, and the arts. Her statesmen
are surveying the whole field with the keenest sen-
sibilities, ready to act promptly and decisively in a
matter of such vast magnitude, both to us and to
them. And let me tell gentlemen she not only
looks upon annexation as greatly beneficial to us,
and injurious to her, in a commercial point of view;
but as greatly strengthening us, and disarming her,
in case of a war between the two countries. Look
for a moment atthc immense cotton manufacturing
interest of England, which has, in a great measure,
grown up since the war of 1812, and which has be-
come one of the main sinews of her power and os«*
tensible greatness; and reflect that Texas and the
United States united, will constitute the only coun-
try on the globe whence the ratf material can be
supplied to sustain this vast interest; and the ques-
tion of annexation in this light assumes a magni-
tude of the greatest national importance, Annex
