192
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong.....2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. JVorris.
H. of Reps.
Texas, which will give us the control of all the most
valuable cotton in the world, and upon which Eng-
■ land must depend for her supply, and you take at
the same time from her a perpetual bond to keep
the peace. . War with us would be open, destruc-
tive and deadly war upon her great domestic inter-
est, carrying speedy ruin to the capitalists and mis-
ery and starvation to millions of her laboring popu-
lation. War with us, under- such circumstances,
would end in revolution at home.' I repeat, annex
Texas, and we secure to ourselves a lasting peaee
from England, and we secure also the commerce
and exclusive navigation of the former country, and
the unrestricted exchange of our manufactures and
breadstuff's with her upon the principle of free trade.
In this latter view of the subject, it was said by
my honorable friend from Missouri [Mr. Bowlin]
that the question of annexation was more import-
ant to the West than to any other section—that it
was emphatically a western question. That it is
vitally important to that portion of the country is
undoubtedly true. For while it would secure the un-
disputed and exclusive navigation of the great father
of waters and all its tributaries from their various
sources through the Mississippi into the Gulf of
Mexico, it would open new markets for the sale and
consumption of the vast surplus products of the
farmers of the West. But at the same time that the
West will derive large benefits from the acquisition,
the North will be no less a gainer. In the same mar-
kets in which are sold the breadstuffs of the West,
will be sold the cottons, the shoes, the hats, an4 the
thousand of other different kinds of manufactures,
the products of the capital, the skill, the labor, and
the industry of the North; and, as these markets in-
crease their demand, by a swelling population, it
will add energy and strength to our industrial classes
of that section.
Sir, I cannot look upon the consequences which
may, and probably will, result to the interests of
this country, if this measure should be defeated,
without the most serious apprehensions. That the
far-seeing and shrewd statesmen of England, with
the watchword of liberty and philanthropy upon their
tongues, but with national hatred of our increasing
commercial and manufacturing greatness and nation-
al power in their hearts, are busily at work to de-
feat a measure so disastrous to them, so beneficial
to us, we have, we can have, it seems to me, no
reason to doubt. It does seem that no person of
ordinary sagacity, who will look impartially upon
the hypocritical pretences which she is making about
slavery in Texas and the United States, in regard to
this question of annexation, can be deceived.
Yes, sir, I repeat, hypocritical pretences! What!
the ministers of the liberty-loving government of
Great Britain, so impressed with the horrors of hu-
man servitude in Texas and the United States, as to
interpose their benevolent policy in our affairs as an
act of pure philanthropy!! No person at all ac-
quainted witli English history and policy, and who
has learned even a tithe of the suffering of the mil-
lions upon millions of human beings held in abject
and intolerable slavery throughout her vast domin-
ions, can fail for a moment to read this,
 "painted hypocrite,
"Through the disguise she wears.'1
Look at England herself! In the distance, like
the whited sepulchre, she looks splendid—beautiful.
Approach her; enter her cold and dismal mines;
there behold slavery—half clad, half starved, pale,
emaciated slavery, in the shape of human beings,
compelled to ceaseless servitude—the doomed and
wretched vassals of the very lords and earls who
prattle so loudly upon the floor of Parliament about
the horrors of Ameiican slavery. Enter her manu-
facturing towns and cities; see the ragged and wan
husband and father, struggling early and late for a
mere pittance. Visit the wife and children in the
miserable and dirty ho\el, enduring all the horrors
bordering upon nudity and starvation; and then
call to mind that all tins is the direct effect of the op-
pression and grinding policy of these pretended
philanthropists for the negro race in America. But
we need not stop here. True, she freed her slaves
ill the West Indies. For what purpose' Out of
ahatiedto slavery? From a sincere desire to re-
lieve human suffering' Or was it to foment the spirit
of political abolitionism in the United States, to ar-
ray the North against the South, and thus to weak-
en the ties that bind us together, and finally con-
summate her long cherished desires by a dissolution
of our Union, and prostrate forever her great and
rival antagonist in commerce, manufactures, and the
arts. In answer to these questions, let the fact be
remembered that, in all her vast eastern dominions
—in her islands and the East Indies, not a single
slave was, or has been, setfree.^ Not only so, but
during the time she was acting the philanthropist in
her West Indian islands, and since that time, she has
riveted, by blood and butchery, the fetters of the
most grinding servitude and slavery upon a hun-
dred millions of human beings in Asia, who are still
sweating under the galling yoke of her oppression,
to administer to the pampered appetites and bloated
wealth of these lordings, who weep over the hor-
rors of American slavery. Sir, her tears are croc-
odile tears. Her pretended philantropy in regard to
annexation is base hypocrisy; and, as confirmatory
of this, I will read some short extracts from an ar-
ticle from the London Times, which I find in the
Globe of the 10th instant:
The Times says:
"The influence of England, France, and the other powers
which have recognised Texas, has already been exerted in
the shape of the liveliest remonstrances against these de-
signs of the Mexican government. The success of a cam-
paign against Texas would probably be more injurious to
Mexico than actual defeat; lor, although it is possible that
Santa Anna may penetrate into the country, he can neither
subdue it nor expel the Anglo-American settlers; and he
must, in reality, prepare for a contest with a far more con-
siderable power. It is possible that the intelligence of Mr.
Polk's election may suggest a more guaided course to the
Mexican general, but, on the other hand, the vehement
threats of annexation with which the democratic party
have brought 111 their candidate may induce the Mexicans
to strike a blow m the next few months, before the new
government is installed at Washington.
"Under these critical circumstances, it is not unreasona-
ble to contend that the Europeau powers which have recog-
nised the independence of Texas are bound in good policy,
as well as in good iaith, to demand of Mexico, as well as of
every other power, that this new State be acknowledged
and unmolested. If we had a sufficient interest in this ques-
tion to recognise Texas at all—if we, in common with the
other States ol Europe, are prepared to resist the annexation
ot Texas to the United States as an act ol iapiiie, calculated
to deprive us of a useful ally, to perpetuate slavery, and to
create a rival maiitimo power m the Gulf of Mexico,—it
would appear to be no more than just to maintain the inde-
pendence of Texas against Mexico itself, and, above all, by
a declaration of the principal States of Europe, to terminate
this state of uncertainty and menace.
"But if there be in Texas men who look honestly to the
future v, elfare of the country they have adopted, and who
contemplate something more than the ba«e transfer of their
national rights to others, they deserve to iinrt support in
Emopt, atid there is too much reason to fear that, unless
the intervention ol the European powers settles this ques-
tion now, it will, at no distant period, embroil the western
hemisphere in war. If, howe\ei, the independence of
Texas be recognised by Mexico, under suitable conditions,
and with the guaranty of Europe, the national existence of
that State is safe from* everything but the treachery oi her
own citi/eus; and the growth of htr indi pendent interests
would soon place them beyond the reach of temptation "
Sir, the designs of Great Britain upon Texas can-
not be disguised; and, for one, I am for counteract-
ing them by prompt, fearless, and decisive action.
But it is said that annexation will be attended by
the most disastrous consequences, inasmuch as it
will lead to a dissolution of the Union. I have already
referred to this objection, so far as it relates to the
extension of the republic. But when men talk of
violently breaking up and dissolving the Union, it
assumes the character of a menace, and 1 meet it ac-
cordingly, from whatever quarter it may come; and
whether it come in the shape of Hartford convention
plots of the North, or nullification from the South.
Whence; this threat of a dissolution if Texas be
annexed to the Union? Sir, it comes from the same
quarter, and from those inheriting the same princi-
ples and feelings whence it came upon the annexa-
tion of Louisiana in 1803, and upon its admission as
a State in 1812. What were the arguments used
then? Then the constitution was to be trampled
down by Jefferson and the lawless bandit rabble
that supported his administration—theUnion was to
crumble to pieces by its immense size; slavery was
to be strengthened and perpetuated; it was to in-
volve the nation in all the horrors of a foreign war;
it was to fasten upon us an immense national debt;
it was to incorporate into the nation a race of knaves
and villains; in fine, it was to be virtually a disso-
lution of the Union, free the States from their moral
obligation, and, as it would be the right of all, so
it would be the duty of some, definitely to prepare
for a separation, amicably if they could, violently if
they must. What are the arguments used now?
Why, sir, a perfect daguerreotype picture of what
they were then, with every feature a id lineament
so distinctly and perfectly drawn, that it would be
difficult, aside from the date, to determine which is
the original, and which the copy, except, perhaps,
by improvement in the art, a little higher embel-
lishment of color has been imputed to the latter.
Sir, the arguments are identical with the embellish-
ments added thereto by the political abolition lead-
ers, who are a part and parcel of the same old junto,
which existed there from 1803 to 1815. Yes; these
political abolition leaders have added one embel-
lishment to the picture, by declaring, in their leading
organ, that they "repudiate the present constitution,"
the work of a Washington, a, Madison, a Franklin,
the elder Adams, aad our own Langdon, "as a cov-
enant with death, and an agreement with hell."
To show that I am not mistaken, I will read some
short extracts, showing the identity of the party
concerned in making the declarations and threats
-now, with that engaged in the same work from 1803
to 1815, and whose treasonable designs were blown
.up in the explosion of the Hartford convention—
a convention which became so odious throughout
the whole country, that its very name has become a
term synonymous with treason itself, and the
NAMES of its participators emblazoned annually
through the public press in glaring capitals—IN-
FAMOUS.
Josiah Cluincy, jr., upon the bill to admit Louis-
iana as a State into the Union, being then,a mem-
ber of this House, and a leader of the federal party
in Massachusetts, said:
"If this bill passes, it is my deliberate opinion that it is
virtually a dissolution of the Union; that it will free the
States from their moral obligation, and as it will be the right
(if all, so it will be the duty of some, definitely to prepare
for a separation, amicably it they can, violently if they
must.*'
Take the following extracts from the old Centinel,
the Atlas of its day. December 10, 1814, it said:
"Those who staille at the danger of a separation, tell us
that the soil of New England is hard and sterile; that de-
prived of the productions of the South we should soon be-
come a wretched, race of cowherds and fishermen, that our
narrow territory and a diminished population would make
us an easy prey to foreign powers. Do these men forget
what national energy can do for a people/ Have they not
read of Holland* Du they not remember that it grew in
wealth and power, amid contest and alarm? That it threw
off the yoke of Spain, (our Virginia,) and its chapels be-
came churches, and its poor men's cottages princes'
palaces ?"
Also, December 17, 1814:
"It ic said that to make a treaty of commerce with the
enemy is to violate the constitution, and to sever theUnion.
Aie they not both already virtually destroyed? Or in what
stogc of existence ould they be, should we declare a neu-
trality, or even withhold taxes and men'"'
I will not stop here to introduce a tithe of the
evidence bearing upon this point during the twelve
years, from 1803 to 1815; but to strengthen my re-
marks, 1 will here introduce a very distinguished
witness, who has once tesfified before the public, as
to what he knew in the case—a witness, sir, who
knows more of the "designs" of the leaders of the
federal party of that day, than any other person
now living, who was not an actual participator in
their designs. I mean the venerable gentleman from
Massachusetts, who now sits opposite me. In a
letter dated as recently as December 30, 1828, and
while holding the high office of President of the
United States, that gentleman says:
"This design ('of certain leaders of the federal party to
effect a dissolution ot the Union, and the establishment of
a northern confederacy ") had been formed, in the winter of
1803 and 1804, immediately,after, and as a consequence of, the
acquisition of Louisiana, its justifying causes to those
who entex tained it were, that the annexation of Louisiana
to the Union transcended the constitutional powers of the
government ot the United States. That it formed m fact a
new confederacy, to which the States, united by theformei
compact, wore not bound to adhere. That it was oppres-
sive to the interest, and destructive to the influence of the
northern section of the confedeaacy, whose right and duty
it therefore was to secede from the body politic, and to con-
stitute one of their own. This plan was so far matured,
that a proposal had been made to an individual to permit
himself, at the proper time, to be placed at the liead of the
military movements, which it was foreseen would be neces-
sary to carry it into execution."
Notwithstanding the most energetic exertions of
the disunionists of that day, aided by the whole
power of the federal press and political priesthood in
that quarter, they soon found themselves unable to
breast the mountain wave of popular opinion and
indignation. For, in the language of Mr. Adams,
in the same letter, "the beneficial consequences of
this" (Louisiana) "purchase to the whole Union
were so apparent as to take away all possibility of
holding it up as a labarum of a political religion of
disunion."
The restrictive policy of Mr. Jefferson's adminis-
tration, which bore somewhat heavily upon the
commerce of that section, furnished them with some
new loops on which to hang their almost forlorn
hopes; but the war of 1812, under Mr. Madison's
administration, stimulated them anew, and nerved
them with fresh vigor to the most energetic and de-
cisive action, short of actual hostilities and open war
against the Union. Their orators declaimed at the
