3m. 1845
appendix to the congressional globe.
193
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr■ Haralson.
H. of Reps.
meet ngs; their priests fulminated from the pulpi'!
the whole united federal press raised the cry of a
New England confederacy—disunion!—disunion.
This bantling of disunion, thus begotten by the
federal party in 1803, was kept in a state of gesta-
tion till the time of the Hartford convention, when
all the most learned doctors of the party met to give
it a safe deliverance, and be present at the christen-
ing ceremony. But what was their astonishment
and dismay that this beloved object of their long-
cherished affections, of their most earnest solicitude
and brooding care, should prove to be, to all the
world beside, a monster horrible m form, and loath-
some and detestable to the sight! Yes, sir
 "a monster of so frightful mem,
As, to he hated, needs but to be seen."
Upon this point, I will quote from the same letter
of the gentleman from Massachusetts. He says:
'That project, (the projected Xew England confederacy,)
I repeat, had gone to the length of fixing upon a military
leader tor its execution; and although the circumstances of
the times never admitted of its execution, nor even of-its
tail development, I yet had no doubt, in 1808 and 1809, and
have no doubt at this time, that it is the key to all the great
novements ol these leaders of the federal party in New Eng-
land, fium that time forward, till its final catastrophe in the
Hartford convention."
We have thus seen what course these leaders took
by reason of the annexation of Louisiana, the bene-
ficial consoquence of which was so apparent to the
whole Union as to take away "ail possibility of hold-
ing it up as a labarum of apolitical religion of dis-
union.'1 Now, sir, let me cite the committee to the
parallel by a brief examination of what the same
party are now saying and doing in relation to the
annexation of Texas. I will endeavor to accom-
plish this, without submitting any remarks of my
own.
1 will first call the attention of the committee to
an article in the Boston Atlas of December Sfith
the leading organ of the federal modern whig party,
not only in Massachusetts, but throughout New
England; a paper occupying the position, in relation
to that party, that the old Boston Centinel did during
the period of which 1 have been speaking. The
Atlas says:
< Thf. a\-ntv\tio\ of Tpxas —We call upon the good peo-
ple of this Commonwealth of Massachusetts to keep a firm
and steady eye upon the movements of the national admin-
istration in regard to this infernal projcot of the annexation
of Texas to this Tnion No political measure was ever
brought before this people that began to compare, in magni-
tude or m turpitude, w ith this. It involves the whole broad
question of thf> permanence of our government, and the
continuance of our Union. We must not lose sight of it for
one moment. We must be re?dy to act—promptly, fearless-
ly, effectually—when the time comes, if come it ever does.
Massachusetts cannot—she must not—she will not—submit
to the -annexation of Texas to these United States. Let this
idea be impressed firmly, indelibly, upon the public mind.
Thu Union is a partnership of twenty-six States. No new
State can be admitted without the concent of all the ©Id
States. ;viassachu>t-tt> is satisfied with the Lnion as it
sUihR She inu-nJs to abide by, adhere to, and uphold, this
Union, with her utmost ability'and power. The grand gal-
axy of the twentv-six fctirs is sufficiently eftulgent to light
her on m the path of ^lorv. and honor, and happiness. She
desire-snot a ray i;om the lone star," but is willing to let
that star shine alone."
I will now read nn extract coming from pretty
high authority, no less ihan John Reed, the lieuten-
ant governor of Massachusetts. In a letter of Au-
gust last he says:
''It mu«t be understood that the free Stales will neither
consent nor submit to the annexation of Texas to this
Union Such aimexition would result m its dissolution
Indeed, the annexation, without provision in the constitu-
tion, and without consent, would be an ablution irom the
bonds and obligations of the constitution."
Sir, th« sentiments here expressed are almost
identically the same as those of Josiah Gluincy, jr.
as to Louisiana.
In this connection, I desire to call the attention of
the committee to the course of the leading organ
(the Liberator) of the -political abolition party. [
have already remarked upon the designs of this
party, that its objects are not benevolence and phi-
lanthropy, but political power and consequence.
My opinion has never undergone any change as to
the real designs of the leaders of this party. I ask
to be permitted to dwell a moment upon its present
attitude, not only to show the parallel between the
course of the federal party upon the admission of
Louisiana (of which the leaders of this abolition
party are a legitimate branch) and the same party
now, but to show to the many honest and utide-
sigmng men who have been gathered around their
standard, that, while their ensign is floating in the
breeze with liberty and philanthropy inscribed upon
its folds, these very leadet $ are arming themselves
to execute their real designs;—to overthrow the con-
stitution and break up the confederacy, "peaceably'
if they can, violently if they must. Let their po-
litical organ of December 27, 1844, speak for itself:
"No UNION' with slavfholufrs.—Lot tlie petition to
Congress, in another column, tor a dissolution of the I mon,
through a national convention, he copied, or cut out and at-
fixed to strips of letter paper, and circulated in every city,
town, and village-in the Commonwealth. Be as prompt and
active m the cause of liberty as slaveholders are m the
cause of slaverv, and victory is sure. Those whose motto
is 'no union with slaveholders,'are expected to be particu-
larly assiduous to procure signatures to this petition. Now
to the work 'with a will V Remember, the present session
terminates on the 4th of March*, therefore, not a moments
delay is admissible. A 'Liberator Extra,' containing a v a-
riety of petitions, has been printed, and will be gratuitously
distributed among the active friends of our cause m the
Commonwealth."
I will here barely add, by way of further cjuota-
tion, the closing paragraph of the petition referred
to in the above editorial:
"In view of these facts, your memorialists, disclaiming
citizenship, and repudiating the present constitution as a
covenant with death and an agreement with hell, ask you
to take immediate measures, by a national convention or
otherwise, for dissolving the Union of these States.'''
Can any man, whether democrat, whig, or aboli-
tionist, longer doubt their designs? Can any one
aid and abet such an unholy and malignant en-
terprise to rend asunder the Union of these States,
achieved by the valor and sealed with the blood of
our venerated fathers, both of the South and of the
North? Sir, it seems to me that, from every lover
of his country, whether he dwell among the fertile
vales and rugged hills of the North, in the palmetto
groves of the South, or upon the rich prairies of the
West, there will be but one universal response—not
one! not one!
-On
[13]
SPEECH OF ME. HARALSON,
OF GEORGIA,
In the House ofRei>resentatives,Jcmvtmj%3, 1845-
the propositions for the annexation of Texas to
the Union.
Mr. Chairman: Having, after sundry efforts, at
last succeeded in obtaining the floor, I shall, how-
ever inadequate I may be for such a task, endeavor
to present my views upon this important question.
It is doubtful whether, in the future, a graver ques-
tion will ever be presented to the consideration of
Congress. I offer you no apology for presenting
myself to the House. The subject is one of such
deep, absorbing interest, not only to the people of
the United States, but to this entire continent, as to
make an apology worse than idle. It will be suffi-
cient for me to say that I should consider myself
recreant to my duty, did I remain silent. In com-
mon with the whole people of this Union, I have
felt a profound solicitude in regard to the issue
which it presents, and am free to acknowledge that,
from the first blow struck for liberty by that daring
and gallant people, there has not been an incident m
their adventurous history which has not excited in
my bosom the liveliest sympathy. Ever since they
declared themselves a free and independent people, I
have looked with anxiety upon whatever could af-
fect their prospects of success. I would not part
with the sympathies of my nature for such a peo-
ple and such a cause, for any earthly boon; nor do I
venture too far when I say these feelings have per-
vaded every true American heart. No man who
loves liberty, and the blessings of free institutions,
has been an indifferent observer of the death-like
struggle of that oppressed people; nor could his
heart have failed to leap with joy, when he heard
the result of that trying hour, which gave a nation
to the earth. Sir, that gentleman was mistaken,
who declared that the public mind had not been ma-
tured, and that sufficient time had not been allowed
for a deliberate expiession of the public will. Long
, before any action was taken by politicians, the pub-
lic mind had been made up, and was, during the
past summer, no longer silent. Its thunder tones
broke upon the ear of our politicians; and peal after
peal demanded that the Texians and ourselves
should be one people. This question not before the
American people in the late presidential canvass!
and the gentleman hoped that it might be turned
over to the coming administration! If, sir, this
question has not been decided by the American peo-
ple, beyond all possibility of mistake, 1 should be
glad to know what evidence of public opinion
gentlemen would require. Was it not placed di-
rectly in issue by the Baltimore convention? Have
gentlemen forgotten what has transpired within the
last twelve months? When the treaty of April last
was concluded, it was then urged that it had been
sprung up the people, and that a snap-judgment was
intended: that there had been no expression of the
public will; and now, sir, we have the same objec-
tion. The truth is, that the objection is not to the
want of an expression of the public mind, but that
it has been expressed in a manner which does not
suit the tastes of the gentlemen raising it. It has
called too loudly for annexation. In the recent
presidential canvass, "the lone star of Texas" was
inscribed upon almost every democratic banner, and
gave more enthusiasm to the canvass than any other
inscription. As far as the democratic party were
able, it was put in issue. It is true that, in some
sections of the Union, the issue was avoided by the
great whig party—for the very best of reasons, that
the measure was stronger than democracy itself.
There were many able and honest whigs in favor of
annexation; some of whom openly avowed it, and
thousands who were prevented from openly advo-
cating it, solely on acceunt of (heir strong party
ties. Their orators in the South often declared their
belief, (with how much sincerity I cannot pretend
to say,) that its consummation would more likely
take place under an administration of Mr. Clay than
one conducted by his opponent. They said they
were in favor of annexation 'fat a proper time."
Then opposition was forced upon them by the very
awkward position in which they were placed by Mr.
Clay's Raleigh letter. Sir, before the Raleigh letter,
was there a member on this floor who dared to avow
his opposition to the project, save the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] and the mem-
ber from Ohio, (Mr. Giddin-gs,] who, with some
few others, in March, 1843, issued a sort of man-
ifesto, addressed to the non-slaveholding States, giv-
ing an expression of the views they entertained on
the bearings of the measure, and concluding by an
explicit declaration that annexation was but another
term for disunion, and would fully justify it? I put
it to gentlemen to say, if, with this exception, there
had been any one, of either party, opposed to it, be-
fore the Raleigh letter. It i3 notorious, that there
was not a man bold enough to come forward and
avow his opposition to it, until then.
[Mr. J. R. Ingersoll here remarked, that from
the first moment that annexation had been thought
of, down to this very hour, he had, with all the
energy he possessed, opposed the measure, as he
was now opposed to it, both in judgment and in
heart.]
Sir, I have not the least doubt of the sincerity of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. He may be an
exception to the general statement. I speak from
the open demonstrations made—from outward evi-
dence—not pretending to search the hearts of men:
and thus speaking, I know that there was little or
no opposition; but a strong feeling in favor of an-
nexation, as well here as with the great mass of the
people throughout all parts of the country; but
more especially in the South. Before the letter al-
luded to was published, many who were prepared
to act with promptitude and decision, were after-
wards willing to let the question pass over, although
they were, at heart, still as much in favor of annex-
ation as many in the ranks of the democratic party.
Much anxiety was manifested by both parties, here
and in the South, before the publication of the opin-
ions of Mr. Clay and Mr. Van Buren upon the sub
ject; and every public demonstration made here an
there was in favor of the measure.
But, sir, 1 proceed to show the committee that,
at the democratic convention held in Baltimore, the
Texas question was placed directly in issue, and
has been distinctly decided. It was put in issue by
a convention afterwards held in that same State from
which gentlemen came who here deny that the is-
sue was made. I take the liberty of reading what
was proposed and agreed to at Baltimore. Among
the resolutions agreed to by that convention, and
which the report tells us were "adopted by acclama-
tion," was the following:
"Resolved, That our title to the whole of the Territory ol
Oregon ii clear and unquestionable; that no portion of the
same ought to be ceded to England, or any other power;
and that the reoccupation of Oregon, and the reannexation
of Texas, at the earliest practicable period, are great Amer-
ican measures, which this convention recommend to the
cordial support of the democracy of the Lnion.'
Sir, will gentlemen still contend that this question
was not put in issue at Baltimore? It was there
placed, by the representatives of the democratic
party,'distinctly before the country, and that, too,
after the rejection, by that convention, of Mr. Va^
Buren, more on account of his opposition to this
pleasure than from any other cause. Who pro.
