194
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong.. ..2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Haralson.
H. of Reps.
posed the adoption of this resolution? From whom
does it come? From a gentleman of high standing
as a democrat from the State of New York. I trust,
sir, the gentleman from New York will note the fact.
It requires explanation, how it is that so many of
the representatives from that State are found in the
opposition, or yielding a support in language which
amounts to little less than the strongest hostility.
The committee has been told, by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Brinkerhoff,] that- in that State
the President elect was supported, not because he
was in favor of annexation, but in spite of that fact.
1 have nothing to say as to what was said or done
in Ohio. Very possibly the result of the election
there would have been different if the question had
been fairly met, and Mr. Polk supported as the
open, honest, and avowed advocate of immediate
annexation, as he was.
[Mr. McDowell, of Ohio, here rose to state, in
that portion of Ohio in which he resided the Texas
question was distinctly put in issue, and that the
people-there were in favor of annexation.]
Mr. Haralson. I am happy to learn that the
fact is so; and the testimony of the gentleman is but
a proof of what i had before supposed. Had the
friends of annexation boldly and manfully met the
question, and presented its true bearings to the peo-
ple throughout the State, they woulil, no doubt,
have succeeded, as they have done in so many other
States of the Union. In the State of New York,
not long after;the Baltimore convention, a Slate con-
vention Was^eljl at Syracuse. . I call the particular
attentiori.br the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Ratiibxijj..-] who yesterday addressed the committee
in opposition 'to this measure, to the language of a
resolution tliereadopted:
"Resolved, That we agree to the resolutions adopted at
the democratic national convention at Baltimore, as being
in substantial accordance with the long-cherished princi-
ples of the democratic party, as assented to, in all the ma-
terial facts, by the great body of the democracy throughout
the Union, and as containing no declaration of principles
which, rightly understood, can be regarded withjust excep-
tion by any portion of the democratic party."
[Mr. Rathbtin asked leave to explain.
The Chairman. Docs the gentleman from Geor-
§ia yield the floor to the gentleman from New
ork?]
Mr. Haralson. With great pleasure, sir. I
should be pleased to learn how it is that, after such
an expression by the Syracuse democratic conven-
tion, the gentleman from New York can now either
oppose the measure or excuse himself from its sup-
port.
[Mr. Rathbun said that if the gentleman from
Georgia understood him as saying that the annexa-
tion issue had not been made in the State of New
York, he greatly mistook his meaning. He had
stated just the reverse. He had said that it was
made there very distinctly and explicitly, and that
there was a majority of ten thousand against it.
The resolutions which the gentleman had just read
contained, if he would observe, certain very signifi-
cant words. It spoke of annexation, if "rightly
understood." This meant much.]
Sir, (said Mr. Haralson,) I do not pretend to be
very deeply versed in the mystery of New York
political tactics, nor do I undertake to say why
those words were employed in the resolution; nor
will I do the democracy of that State the injustice
to suppose they were used to open a door for them-
selves or their representatives to escape from the
support of this measure. I cannot believe that gen-
tlemen on this floor, hailing from the Empire State,
will step out of the plain democratic pathway of
duty through any such wretchcd crevice, or make
their escape from responsibility through any such
back door. Honorable men who adopted that res-
olution will feel themselves pledged to the support of
the measure, and must be supposed to have ex-
pressed the will of those they represented in con-
vention. The resolution, it will be observed, em-
braced not only Texas, but Oregon; and is this ca-
balistic phrase—this political riddle, as the gentle-
man would seem to make it, about "rightly under-
stood," meant to apply to Oregon also? I fancy not,
sir. The gentleman from New York would not
permit such an interpretation. No, sir, these words
must be made to refer exclusively to the annexation
of Texas! But enough of this. The case is too
plain to be misunderstood. I cannot dictate to gen-
tlemen the course of their public duty. For all
their public acts here they are are responsible to their
constituents. Theirs will be the responsibility of
rejecting the measure. I have read these resolu-
Jions with a view to show to the committee that tlijs
question was put in issue by the Baltimore conven-
tion explicitly, and, as I believe, by almost every
democratic State convention throughout the Union.
And yet more, sir; what w,as the language of the
democratic cendidate for the presidency? In his-let-
ter on the subject, he avowea himself the advocate
of immediate annexation; and with this declaration
in his mouth, he was nominated, and has been elect-
ed by the people. And yet, sir, we are told that
public opinion has not been matured respecting the
measure, and that Congress must delay, and delay,
and still continue to delay. How long will you de-
lay? Until England shall come in and appropriate
Texas to herself—not, indeed, by conquest, nor by
annexation, but by an advantageous commercial
treaty—one affecting deeply your commercial and
industrial pursuits?—or until Texas herself, three
times rejected and spurned by the American Con-
gress, shall be roused in her national pride, and lost
to us forever? Or, sir, (which I do not consider im-
probable,) until that nation, hourly gaining strength
within herself, as well as by the weakness of her
enemy, shall plant her standard still further in the
West, and rear up a rival republic to our own? I
will not dwell on the long list of injuries which the
rejection of this measure may bring upon us. It is
proffered boon which nothing but the weakest policy
can refuse.
The attempt has been made more than olice in
this debate to arouse sectional prejudices. A gen-
tleman from Ohio has called the attention of the
committee to the contrast in the language held by
the executive on the questions of Texas and Ore-
gon. Texas must be immediately annexed at all
hazards, an any expense, and over every obstacle.
When asked about the maintenance of our right to
Oregon, the answer was, "we are negotiating." Sir,
the gentleman does the executive injustice. That
officer has recommended all that became him to rec-
ommend during the pendency of negotiations be-
tween the two countries. A line of fortifications on
the route to Oregon, and the extension of our laws
to protect the emigrant in his western home, is all
that the strongest friends of Oregon urge upon this
floor. This has been recommended by the execu-
tive; and this will probably be done, unless a de-
structive policy should force the rejection of Texas
annexation; m which event, both measures will
probably share the same fate. In reply to the taunt
by the gentleman from Ohio, I ask whether Con-
gress has ever been in the habit of interfering with
the executive, while engaged in important negotia-
tions with a foreign power, before their results were
disclosed? Is it not the constitutional duty of the
President and Senate to carry on negotiations, while
great questions between us and a foreign govern-
ment remain in dispute? Surely. And I trust all
such attempts to create prejudice and produce im-
proper excitement will fall, still-born, to theground.
What progress has been made in our negotiations
with Great Britain in relation to Oregon, or what
will be their probable result, has not yet been made
public. But, unless driven from my ground by the
rejection of the measure now under consideration, 1
shall be for extending the jurisdiction and the laws
of this government over every acre and foot, of the
Oregon Territory at once. Believing, as 1 do, our
title to the whole of that country is clear, I am for
sustaining our claim to it, m the widest extent in
which it has been made I would sooner stretch it
still farther than narrow it in the least; for, sir, it is
my feeling, and my belief, that the God of nature
designed thattbe whole of this vast continent should
belong to liberty. The time is coming—it is at the
door—when no tyrant's foot shall pollute its soil.
And now, sir, while we of the South entertain this
feeling with regard to Oregon—a Territory that may
be said to belong more especially to the North—.
may we not, in turn, justly claim from the North,
and especially from the northern democracy, that
the two questions should be placed hand m hand;
and whilst we insist in a manly spirit, becoming
Americans, on the recognition of our right to Ore-
gon, to insist, with no less determined resolution on
the annexation of Texas?
But the gentleman from New York tells us that
he is ready to annex, provided it can be done on
equitable terms. And what did those terms turn
out to be? Why, he would allow the organization
of one State in the southern portion of Texas, but
would not give his consent that the three other
States into which Texas was to be divided by his
favorite plan, should be occupied by slaveholding
settlers. They were to occupy but one State, while
the non-slaveholders were to have the other three.
This is certainly a most liberal proposition. When
the South accepts it, they will, no doubt, return the
gentleman their mqst sincere thanks.
[Mr. Rathbun. again interrupted. The gentle-
man from Georgia had again mistaken his meaning,
and the provisions o f the bill he favored. It left the
new States formed out of Texas to determine for
themselves, as they should arise, and apply to Con-
gress for admission, whether they would permit the
existence of slavery within their bounds or not;
and, for any thing the bill contained, they might all
be slaveholding States.]
'Mr. Haralson: I may have been mistaken as to
the gentleman's meaning, but certainly I have not
mistaken the provisions of the bill he favors. That
bill will be found to differ very widely in its provi-
sions from the explanation of it given by the gentle-
man from New York. That bill provides that, in
the residue of the territory, after one State is formed^
"slavery shall not exist, unless Congress shall here-
after so determine by law." Slavery is confined, sir,
to one single State m the Texian territory, unless
by express permission of Congress, afterwards giv-
en. Who is so dull as not to „be able to see how
that will result? When that question is raised in
this House, does not the decision invari-ibly go
against the South? The bill which the gentleman
favors is, therefore, equivalent to declaring, that out
of the territory of Texas there shall be erected one
slaveholding State, and that all the rest shall be non-
slaveholding. What! Do gentleman suppose that
the people of the South are coming here to ask per-
mission of Congress to settle with their slave prop-
erty in Texas? Where is the right of Congress to
dictate to any State of this Union, southern, north-
ern, or western, what internal regulations its people
should adopt for their own government, provi-
ded only that the government was republican?
Supose jhe State of Ohio or New York should
choose to-morrow to introduce and establish
the institution of slavery: what right is there in
Congress to prohibit her? None, none under heaven.
Can gentlemen be sincere? Do they really want
that those remaining Texian States should speak
and act for themselves on that question' If so, why
was not the bill which they favored left in silence
on that subject, untrammelled with the requisition
of the assent of Congress? Why was it put in
such a shape as they knew would exclude slavery
from at least three out of four of those States? .
It appears a-little extraordinary that, after so open
and palpable an expression throughout the Union
in favor of annexation, there should now be some
cause of fear that the measure may not succeed,
from the multiplicity of the projects proposed for
effecting it. We may be excused, if we avow some
little distrust of the sincerity of gentlemen who an-
nounce themselves to be warmly in favor of the
measure, and then make a constitutional argument
against it. It is difficult to be blind to the real ten-
dency of a course like this. If such were indeed
the friends of annexation, that measure, personified,
would have great reason to cry out, with the Span*
ish proverb, "Save me from my friends, and I'll
take care of my enemies." What are we to think
of his sincerity who professes not to be pleased with
the treaty plan, but greatly to prefer that which pro-
posed to admit Texas as a State; and, when that plan
is proposed, endeavors to show that to admit her
would be wholly unconstitutional; and when other
plans were proposed as substitutes, continues still to
oppose them all? He should-be pleased to hear
some plan that would satisfy these gentlemen.
Some of them speak of an equal division of the ter-
ritory of that country between the slaveholding and
non-slaveholding interests. Now, sir, the most au-
thentic information in reference to the extent of that
territory, states it as barely sufficient to contain five
States. I appeal, then, to northern gentlemen who
talk about doing equal justice to both sections of the
Union by such an arrangement, and ask them to put
their eyes for a moment on the map. What a dis-
proportion do they propose to make in this equitable
division! North of the compromise of 36 degrees
30 minutes there was comprised an extent of terri-
tory, already belonging to the United States, suffi-
cient to make fifteen States as large as Virginia I
do not pretend to have estimated with precision the
exact number of square miles in each; but it is gen-
erally considered that there is territory enough north
of that line to contain, m the course of "time, from
fifteen to twenty States, of the average size of tho;*e
now in the Union. Now let gentlemen, with a
knowledge of this fact, determine whether it is fair
and just to insist upon any such partition of the
