Feb. 1842- 
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Furnishing the President1 s House—M:r. Henley.
m
H. of Reps.
therefore the framers of the constitution could never
have intended that a foreign State should be admit-
ted. Let us examine this objection.
f?oW, the argument rests upon no other founda-
tion than the improbability that the framers of the
constitution should have InSSited in the instrument
anf ptoviSion not compatible with every other pro-
vision there. And the decree of this improbability
must measure the strength of thfe argument.
These two provisions are in widely separated parts
of th6 constitution, and relate to subjects not at all
likely td be drawn into comparison by any analogy
between them. The possible collations and com-
parisons of different clauses passages, would
amount to thousands and tens of thousands. Dif-
ferent members of the convention were intent upon
different fatforiteldeas send topics. It scarcely hap-
penea tlist s.nf one mind covered, effectually, the
whole instrument—devoted iHelf, with interest and
effect, to every minute part, and to let Htswierous
propositions that were debated but not adopted.
Now, notwithstanding the constitution has been in
operation some fifty-six years, and been systemati-
cally commented on by many able writers and innu-
merable judicial officers; and notwithstanding the
&11- absorbing and all-agitating question of the annex-
ation of Louisiana put this identical view of the
of the gentleman in direct demand, it did^ not pre-
sent itself to the mind of a single man' The Texas
question has agitated the country for nCar t.wo
years, and called forth, in public and private^ in
speech and in writing, argument and discussion
unexampled in amount and ability; and yet, up to
this day, thio view of the constitution has escaped
fcvery mind save that of the gentleman from Mary-
land! Now, 1 ask, again, what is She degree of
probability that any mmd in the convention, iri the
short period of its sitting, should have no nicely
and exactly collated eveiy Separate provision with
every other separate provison—each distinct idea
with every other distinct idea, as to have detected
the discrepancy indicated by the gentleman? and
that, too, by mere theoretical, speculative inquiry,
with no high practical issue, such as that of
Louisiana or Texas, to set his mind upon search
for thfc very thing. Sir, the probability is as
one to a million! As shadow to substance! But, sir,
a word more.
Ths constitution provided for its going irito ope-
ration by the ratification of nine States; and the con-
vention must have foreseen that'some State might re-
fuse to ratify for a longer or shorter period of time,
and thus be thrown absolurely out of the Union .
Now, as the provision in regard to the nine years of
citizenship would have been inconsistent which the
subsequent admission of such State into the Union;
and as it cannot be supposed that the framers of
the constitution designed to keep any such State
eventually out, then we know, of a certainty, they
never did make that particular collation of the con-
stitution upon which the gentleman's objection is
founded. And if they never brought the two pro-
visions in comparison, we cannot, from the one,
draw any conclusion as to what they intended by
the other.
But, sir, I have another way of meeting this ob-
jection.
The requirement of nine years of citizenship of a
senator is a species of naturalization law. All nat-
uralization laws suppose a foreign allegiance incom-
patible with an allegiance here; and their object is
to dissolve that allegiance, or rather to apply reason-
able teste of the intention of the foreigner to aban-
don it, before citizenship is conferred upon him here.
And time is made one of those tests. When the
foreigner seeks only the privileges of citizenship, five
years are required; to be a representative in Congress,
seven additional vears; and as to the senatorial trust,
Mr. Hamilton remarks, "it ought to be exercised
by none who are not thoroughly weaned from the
prepossessions and habits incident to foreign birth
anaeducation. The term of nine years appears to
be a prudent mediocrity between a total exclusion
of adopted citizens whose merit and talents may
claim a share in the public confidence, and an indis-
criminate and hasty admission of them, which
might create a channel for foreign influence on the
national councils." We see, then, that a longer
or shorter period of probation is required, of one
born abroad, according to the importance of the
privileges conferred upon him. But the time re-
quired is not matter of substance, but of evidence.
Evidence of what? Ol' a settled purpose to give up
and abandoo another country and sovereign. But
uppose the foreign sovereignty, the very object of
ths foreign allegiance, himself comes; bringing all
his domain with him: what then? There is no
longer any foreign allegiance to be dissolved. Ihat
allegiance has itself been naturalized. It is no lon-
ger your purpose to destroy it, but, on thg contrary^
your solemn duty to protect and defend it. And it
the new citizen is not required to abandon his alle-
giance, why apply to him any test of a purpose to
do so. If you no longer propose the fact, what inter-
est have you in the evidence? I submit, therefore,
that nine years of citizenship in Texas will be equiv-
alent to nine years of citizenship in the united
States, and fully satisfy the constitutional require-
ment,
Mr. Chairman, I should take much pleasure m
answering the various objections that have been
urged. I have not been disposed to evade any.
All must agree, I have met the most formidable.
But my hour is just expiring.
REMARKS OF MR. HENLEY,
•Of INDIANA,
In Ike House of Representatives, February 19, 1845—
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on his motion to reduce the appropriation
for furnishing the President's House from $29,000
to $10,000.
Mr. Chairman: I have made this motion, because
I believe $10,000 is a sum large enough, if judicious-
ly estpfended, with what furniture is already there,
to furnish the President's House in respectable
style; and because 1 believe the expenditures in eve-
ry department of this government are extravagantly
high; and because it is necessary to commence the
work of reformation somewhere; and because, if we
nut the straight jacket of economy on our new
(lemocratic President on his first entrance upon the
discharge of" his duties, it will be commencing in
the ri"ht quarter, and will be like sowing seed ill
good ground, and will, 1 hope, yield its sixty or an
hundred fold in due time.
A day or two ago, Mr. Chairman, when the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Dowels} submitted a mo-
tion to amend the army appropriation oill by a re-
duction of the pay of the officers of the army, tne
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means ob-
jected, and said that was not the time nor
'the mode Of securing retrenchment. He said
further that, if that amendment was adopted,
yoii might look out for breakers—as that would be
the signdl fo'r el general reduction of all the emolu-
ments of office. 'fhet the pay of your navy
officers, and of your Civil Eihd diplomatic corps
would share the same fate; and that even your own
pay would be reduced. That (Mr. H. said) Was
precisely what he wanted. And if, by this little in-
terference in matters which the chairman seemed to
think peculiarly his own, he should be provoked to
make a general onslaught upon all the salaries of all
the office-holders in the government, he (Mr. H.)
would esteem it a most fortunate circumstance; not
that he did not consider the chairman a true friend
td reform, for he had given evidence of that in his
report, and had actually made many retrenchments,
but none of that thorough and radical character
which he (Mr. ri.) hoped to see adopted. Gentle-
men tell us that this is a small matter; that the pres-
idential mansion is destitute of furniture, and that
the people's house should be liberally furnished. All
this I grant. I would not be parsimonious on this
or any other subject. I believe the sum proposed is
enough, and I will not go one cent beyond it. Ten
thousand dollars will buy furniture enough for any
man's house, unless he be an aristocrat and a nabob;
and we want no such man'as that for President.
This is too small a matter—it is not a proper sub-
ject—there are other objects of retrenchment to be
attended to first—not now—wait awhile,—are re-
marks we hear all around the House whenever a
proposition is made for retrenchment.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. C. J. In-
gersoll] thinks we should first reduce our own
pay. He thinks we should take the beam out of
our own eye, that we might the more plainly see
the mote in our brother's. Very well, sir; I am wil-
ling to vote for that, too,as well as for any other re-
trenchment that may be proposed, no matter when,
how, or where it is made. I go the whole figure.
No proposition for retrenchment can be made in
good faith that I will not support. X doubt
the sincerity of those who are constantly
professing friendship for reform, and yet
making objections to the time and manner of com-
mencing the work. If you call in the morning on
a debtor who does not intend to pay you, you will
be informed by the servant that he is not up; if at
the middle of the day. he is out; in the evening, he
has company, lfyoudunhim mildly, you are in-
different as to the time ot payment; if you press him,
you are impertinent, and he is offended. No time
nor manner renders such a message agreeable. ^ So
with the hypocritical advocates for economy. This is
not the right time nor the proper subject. All times
are right with me, and no subject can come amiss.
I go for retrenchment now ana at all times. Mr.
Chairman, it is, I believe, considered playing the
demagogue to speak of the people here, or to allude
to their wishes or feelings. 1 will, however, take
the liberty to speak of them even at the risk of
being called a demagogue by such as have no re-
spect for the people, accept so far as they can use
them for their own purposes, or those who do
dot consider them sufficiently intelligent to un-
derstand the bearing of measures, or the designs
of public men. The people—yes sir, the people—are
now looking to Congress for retrenchment. When
we are before them we talk loud and long about ex-
travagance, and point out many abuses which we
promise to reform, (and both parties are guilty,)
but when the election is over, we too often hear no
more about it. I know the people will remember
and feel the force of this, if the politicians do not.
They will remember how often they have been ap-
pealed to for their votes, to accomplish certain pur-
poses, and when their votes were obtained, they
have heard no more of it. The people are almost
ready to say now, that no confidence is to be placed
in the professions of public men. They are pre-
pared to denounce the whole brood of politicians as
deceitful and unworthy. The respect of the masses
for the integrity of public men has been greatly im-
paired by the practice of making promises betore
the election, but to be broken when it is over,
It is too true; and the country is so well
aware of it, that but little regard is had to
professions made in political contests. With one
political party in this country, confidence is utteidy
destroyed. With regard to the other, strong and
fond hopes are entertained that they will be found
faithful to the wishes, and obedient to the will, of the
people, in adopting such measures of reform as the
interest and welfare of the country demand. The
attention of the country is now directed to this sub-
ject, and the people demand retrenchment. Public,
opinion is satisfied that reformation is needed. This
question is now much better understood than it has
been at any former period in our history; and it is
only necessary to understand the present system of
compensation to condemn it. It needs no argument
to convince the people that an average annual ex-
penditure of thirty-five millions of dollars is too
much. It needs no argument to prove that nine
thousand dollar salaries and nine thousand dollar
outfits are too much for foreign ministers; nor
does it require argument to prove that over
§7,000 as a salary for the major-general of the array,
who has little or nothing to do, is too much. The
people understand this; and they know that from
twelve to fifteen millions of dollars for the army and
navy is too large an expenditure in time of profound
peace; and they know, too, that these are only a few
of the items of extravagance which might be enu-
merated in the list of government expenditure; they
know all this, and expect, in due time, a thorough
leformation.
If you would dismiss your whole army, and ex-
pend half the money squandered on it in organizing
and disciplining the militia, there are pride and patriot-
ism enough in your citizen soldiery to give a much
more reliable and efficient force for defence and secu-
rity than the present army affords, which has degen-
erated into a perfect sink of iniquity, corruption, in-
dolence, and loaferism. This is the fault of the sys-
tem and not of the men. Wealth and idleness produce
vice ani immorality. High salaries and consequent
high and extravagant living for your officers,
idleness and ease for your soldiers, have made your
army what it is. The remedy is, employment, and
a compensation only adequate to the service. Let
it be at adopted. The same remarks would be
equally applicable to the navy. Indeed, much ot
the idleness and extravagance—not to say bad mop-
aig 0f -your seat of government, are attributable to
the exorbitant salaries of public men If you can-
not set rid of this horde of ofhce-holders now pen-
sioned upon the country, you must reduce their sal-
aries. There is too much diflerence between the
salaries of public officers and the compensation for
tsinular labor m other occupations. 1 he othce-huld-
