Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
28th Cong 2d Sess
Oregon Bill—Mr. Mc demand.
H. of Reps.
reciprocal, and form the compact of all rightful civil
institutions.' If this position be true—and it will not
be der.ied—what is the effect of the principle assert-
ed? It is, that it is not only the high prerogative,
but also the solemn and imperative duty of govern-
ment to -prescribe the boundaries of its territories
and jurisdiction; for without such an act, it must
fail in the fulfilment of the very object of its creation.
Without it, the guaranties of life, liberty, and prop-
erty, must be lost to the citizen. Whenever by ac-
cident, or in the pursuit of lawful enterprise, he shall
tread on doubtful soil, he becomes liable to the re-
quisitions of any government that may claim or
usurp jurisdiction over his person or property. He
exposes himself to the penalties of a trespasser, and
even his arms may be turned in deadly strife against
the country of his kindred, and to which he sup-
posed he owed his allegiance. And this has been,
m several respects, the unhappy experience of
many American citizens who ventured forth to the
distant regions of the Pacific relying on their govern-
ment for protection. They have been held amena-
ble to the civil and criminal jurisdiction of Great
Britain; they have been lee; t in duress by military
force; they have been arrested and sent to Canada,
and there confined in prison, to await the action of
British courts of justice; and, in one instance at
least, if no more, an American citizen, entitled to
his country's protection, was driven forth an exile
into the wilderness by foreign power, there to re-
main in horrible solitude for years, dependent alone
on the flesh and skins of wild beasts for food and
raiment. Ought this state of things to be permitted?
Ought it to be continued? Ought it lobeenduied?
Do not the solemn and binding obligations of the?
g-overmntnt require that it should be terminated?
Such is the dictate of humanity, independent of those
of duty and of good faith. If war shall come out of
it, let it come; our example will be in the conduct
of Rome, when Hannibal was encamped before her
walls: we .will take counsel from our courage, and
trust to the sword for our defence.
The first objection met in this debate relates to
the convention of 1827, in relation to the Territory
of Oregon, and denies the authority of Congress to
pass the bill consistently with the terms of that con-
vention. I propose to test the soundness of this ob-
jection by an examination of the terms of the con-
vention.
••By the tfd article of the convention ol 181S it is agieed
thai any country that may be claimed by either patty, on
the north\ve>t coast of Amcnca. westward ol the Stony
mountains shall, togethei with lU hai1>oi&, hays dudejeeks,
and the navigation of all the livers within the lame, he free
sad open Jor the term ol ten ) eais. from the date ot the sig-
nature oi the piesent convention, to the vessels, citizens
a.nd-Mibjects of the tw o powers,'5 &.c.
Bv the convention of the Gth of August, 1827, the
provisions of the foregumg articlc arc indefinitely
extended with this reservation, that neither the con-
vention of J818, norof 1827, "shall be construed to
impair, or in any manner affect, the claims which
either of the contracting parties may have to any
part of the country west of the Stony or Rocky
mountains."
The existing convention, therefore, confers no
right of empire or jurisdiction on either power to
Oregon. It affirms merely the freedom of the coun-
try to the vessels, citizens, and subjects of the two
powers, and leaves the question of title and jurisdic-
tion open as before. Commerce and navigation, as
contradistinguished from sovereignty, were the sub-
jects of negotiation; and they only were settled.
Whether, therefore, we have a legal competence to
establish military and civil jurisdiction over the ter-
ritory, depends upon an antecedent question, wheth-
er wc possess the right of domain and sovereignty.
Reserving this question for future consideration, it
will be enough, for the present, to affirm that we
were the party in possession up to the period of the
last war; and that that fact was acknowledged by
the British government in the subsequent corres-
pondence between the two governments relative to
the restoration of Astoria. Astoria had been settled
by the citizens of the United States, and had become
a point of considerable commercial importance pre-
vious to the war, but was taken by the British in
1813, and was retained in their possession until
1818, when it was restored to the United States in
pursuance of the stipulation of the treaty of Ghent,
that "ali territory, places, and possessions whatever,
taken by either party from the other during the
war," with certain exceptions, should "be restored
without delay."
Lord Ca'stlereagh, in the course of the negotiation
of the treaty of 1818, in regard to commercc and
boundary, "admitted in the most ample extent our
right to be reinstated, and to be the party in possession
while treating of the title to Oregon." It also appears,
from the correspondence between Captain Hickey
and James Keith, agents on the part of Great Brit-
ain, and Mr.Prevost, agent for the United States, m
relation to the restoration of Astoria, that it was un-
derstood by them that such restoration would amount
to a dereliction of the right of Great Britain to main-
tain a settlement there, and limit her to the permitted
privilege of commerce and navigation alone in the
territory. Hence Mr. Keith, also an agent of the
Northwest Fur company, solicited information from
our agent, Mr. Prevost, whether it was the design of
this government to eject the British settlers; and if
so, whether compensation would be allowed for
their improvements.
To say that the territory was restored under the
convention, is no answer to this argument; because if
the settlement at Astoria and others made on the
head waters of Lewis river in 1808, by the Missou-
ri Fur company, and the erection of Fort Clatsop by
Lewis and Clark in J805 and 1806, had been wrong-
ful, it is not to be supposed that Great Britain
would have consented t;* the restoration ot the
territory. Such consent would not have been con-
sistent with the habitual tenacity with which she
insists on her rights. The restoration of the coun-
try, therefoie, taken in connection with the fact
that we had been m peaceable possession of it for
some years before, shows that Great Britain con-
sidered she had no right to its sovereignty, and that
our possession was lawful. And if so, what is the
inference to be drawn? Certainly that we have a
perfect right to extend our jurisdiction over the
country, provided, in so doing, we do not interfere
with the qualified privileges of commerce and nav-
igation reserved to her by the convention.
Assuming this position to be established, I pro-
ceed now to inquire into the question of title, and
the expediency of the measure as one of general
policy. This is a more elevated and comprehen-
sive inquiry than the former, and opens a broad
and comprehensive range of debate. It opens to
view the policy of extending our jurisdiction over
new tenitories, and our commerce and intercourse
to distant regions of the globe. It also involves the
reasons by which we are to be judged by the world
in asserting our dominion over a territory the title
to which is disputed. It will be my purpose, there-
fore, first, to show that we have a valid title to the
whole of Oregon; and second, its importance an I
value to the United States.
According to the laws of nations, there are three
modes in which a nation may acquire the sove-
reignty of territory: 1st, by discovery; 2d, by
cession; 3d, by conquest. Discovery, followed by
timely possession, Vattel says, comprehends two
things:
''1st. The dumain, in virtue of which the nation alune
maj nve thi« country for the supply of its necessities, nod
may depose of it in such manner, and deme from it such
advantages, as it thinks proper, -d. 'Ihe empire or right
of so'v ereign coi inland, by which the nation ordain* and
regulates at us pleasure everything that passes in the coun-
trj
These principles constitute the test of the present
question of title, and by them it must be determined.
From the history of this continent, we learn that
the western coast of North America, fiom north to
south, is claimed by Russia, Great Britain, the
United States, and Mexico. By the convention of
1824, between the United States and Russia, the
parallel of 54 degrees 40 minutes north latitude is
established as the.boundary between the two coun-
tries m that quarter. In 1683, a Frenchman (De
La Salle) navigated the Mississippi from Canada
to its mouth, whereby France claimed the sovereign-
ty of all the country watered by that river and its
tributaries from the Gulf of Mexico to the 49th de-
gree of north latitude, west of said river, and, upon
the principle of contiguity and continuity of territo-
ry, all the country westward to the Pacific ocean,
not pre-occupied by other nations; which claim,
at least to the country west of the Mississippi, from
its mouth to the 49th degree of north latitude, was
acknowledged by Great Britain in the treaty of
Utrecht in 1713, and of Versailles in 1763, and was
afterwards transferred to the United States by France
in the purchase of Louisiana in 1803.
By the Florida treaty, concluded between the
United States and the King of Spain in 1819, the
42d degree of north latitude, from the source of the
river Arkansas to the South sea, is established as
the boundary between the two conn tries in that
quarteFi And his Catholic Majesty at the tame
time ceded to the United States "all his rights,
claims, and pretensions to any territory north of said
line, and for himself, his heirs, and successors, re-
nounced all claim to the said territories forever."
Mexico, at that date, was a part of the Spanish
dominions, and of course, as such, was bound by
the terms of the treaty as she afterwards acknowl-
edged by the treaty of limits between her and the
United States in 1828.. Hence it follows, that if
the territory in question, in whole or in part, be-
longed to either of the foreign powers enumerated,
it has been either renounced by them or ceded to
. the United States.
i The question then, is, did it belong, in whole or.in
I part, to any of these foreign powers? Limiting the in-
quiry on this head to the original light of Spain, de-
rived from prior discovery and preoccupation, 1 here
submit an analysis of the respective titles of the
United States, as the successor of Spain, and Eng-
land, in parallel columns, consisting of a statement
of the facts in chronological order, upon which the
two countries base their rights, drawn from authen-
tic sources.
extended the discoveries oi
Spam, on the coast of the Pa-
cilic, as far north as 43 de-
crees noith latitude.
Spanish discoveries. j British discoveries.
In 1543, Bartoiorne Icrrelo in 36??, 3(3 years after the
discoveries of Ferrelo, Sir
Fictncis Diake set t.ail for his
voyage around the world. In
l?7S, he was on the northwest
coast, but conlesees m the
In 1592, Juan de Fuca dis-account of his voyage, that
covered a strait between thejhe knew nothing of the coun*
49th and 51st degrees of northjtry north ol 3d degiees of
latitude, where he remamed.uorth latitude.
21 days trading with the In-!
duns. I In 1792,200 years after the
discoveries ot De Fuca, Cap-
In 1603, Viscaino made 9|icuu Vaucouui visited this
minute examination of theprait, and caiiud it the "Strait
coa^t previously disceveredjof Fuca," in honor of the iiivt
by Ferrelo, and is said to discoverer.
have entered the mouth oi|
a large river, in about the 4*2d j In 1778 ("'apt Cook claims
or 43d degree of latitude.i'o have discovered the bay
whicl^has never yet been sat-,to which lie gaw the nan c
isfdetorily identified. ;of "King Geoige'b bound," m
(49—' 0 degrees of latitude, pre*
In 1774, Perez and Martinez^ :ous to tha; called by the
pulled the discoveries of;ipaniards, J'ort San JLoreir/o,
Spum as far north as the 54th'andnow known as Noolka
dcgiee of latitude, and thence;Sound. lie airoits that he
sailing south, examined thei^as preceded by the Span*
coast to 49-50 degieet> of lati-jiards, who, thr*v \edis, be*
tude, -where they discoveved'fnie, had explored the coast
a bay called by them Portias far noith as the 5Sth degree
San Lorenzo, and remained!of latitude.
some time tiading "with thej
Indians. ' In 1779, fourteen j ears af-
jtertbe discoveries of Perez
In 177«">, they pushed then land Marline-/:. Lieut. Mears
discoveiies as far north a^established a «,ort of settle*
the 58th degree of latitude. i mental Xootka, which iViai-
itmyz, a Spanish captain,
In 1775j\Heceta discovered,broke up, taking Mears's ship
the promontory forming the
northern point at the mouth
of the Columbia river, in lati-
tude 46 degrees 18 minutes
called by him "San Koqne,"
thus, for the first time, seei
and supplanting the British
with the Spamsn colors, cn
the ground that the Butish
were t. espassers.
On the 10th of .March, 1778,
by the natives of anj civil- Optajn (. cok had just reach*
i/ed country. lie also dis |cdlatitude 4-i cJegjeca 10 nuu*
covered the" great island ol,utes.
Quadra or Vancouver, liij
49-M degrees oflatitude, and. In 173% thirteen \ ears after
failing thence still further the discovery ot • *an Roque"
noith, discoveied a bay called'"
by him Port Itemed.os, where
he landed, and, with formal
and religious ceremony, took
possession ol the country in
the name oi the Spanish
crown.
by Ileceta. Lieutenant Mears
claims to hc;\e discoveied the
sd'ne point, and gave it the
name oi "Cdj.e Disappoint-
ment,1''because he was disap-
pointed in tindmg the river of
which Heceta had spoken.
In 179*2, Captain Broughton
ascended the Columbia about
72 miles, not, however, until
C'apt. Gray ot the United
States had set him the exam*
,'le.
Such arc the principal facts involved in the ques-
tion of title by discovery between Spain ard Great
Britain. Can the re be any reasonable doubt of the
validity of our title as the successor to that of Spain?
It will not be controverted that the discoveries of
Spain commenced at a much earlier period than
those of England, and that they were prosecuted
■with more energy, and always kept in advance of
those of England. Possession, however, of some
sort, must follow discovery, within a reasonable
length of time, to perfect a title by discovery; still
our title through Spain is valid. We know the
avowed object of Spain in the explorations of the
northwest coast was to aggrandize herself by ex-
tending her dominions and commerce. That the
motives which prompted her in that quarter were
the same which induced her to conquer Mexico,
and crect her colonics in America. llcncc Perez,
