204
APPEINDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong.... 2d Sess.
Oregon Bill—Mr. McClernand.
H. of Reps.
Martinez, Juan de Fuca, and most, if not all of the
early Spanish navigators, traded with the Indians;
and, as proof of the intention of their discove-
ries, left, wherever they went, tokens and em-
blems of the dominion of their country. Unless
such' had been her object, she never would have
dared to challenge the great maritime power of Great
Britain, by asserting her dominion, and forcibly dis-
possessing the British settlement at Nootka sound
m 1789, treating that settlement as an intrusion
upon Spanish territory, and a trespass on Spanish
rights.
Again: in 1791, Spain published a manifesto to
the courts of Europe, claiming the northwest coast,
and warning the subjects of all other countries
against making settlements there. It was known at
the time that this manifesto was addressed especial-
ly to the government of Great Britain, and was in-
tended to prevent a repetition of such intrusions as
had, a few years before, led to the forcible dispos-
session of the British at JNootka. Yet no exception
was taken to it by Great Britain; on the contrary,
by her silence sne tacitly assented to its truth and
justice. The case is now much stronger; the Uni-
ted States have become bona fide purchasers of the
Spanish title, and certainly as against them Great
Britain is concluded.
A claim has been made in behalf of Great Britain
under the treaty of Nootka, in 1791—not to the
sovereignty of the country, but to "a joint occu-
pancy in common with other States." But how
stands this pretension? The subject of negotiation
on that occasion was trade and fishery, The title to
the country was in no wise determined, and all that
Great Britain gained by the treaty was a permis-
sion, or a privilege, to fish and trade, as she nad be-
fore done; and such was the construction given to
the treaty by one of the most eminent of British
statesmen, Mr. Fox. In the debates of Parliament
on the treaty, Mr. Fox, speaking of the indefinite
limits of Spain in the northwest, says:
"On this point we have gained nothing By the third
article of the convention we are authorised to navigate the
Pacific ocean and South seas unmolested, for the purpose ol
carrying on ourfishene^i and to land on (he unsettled coast
for the purpose of trading with the natives; but after tiiis
pompous recognition of the light to navigation, fishery, and
commerce, comes another article (the sixth) which takes
way all right of landing and erecting even tempo) a) y huts
for any purpose but that of carrj ing on the fishery, and
mounts to a complete dereliction of all tight to svtth m any
way for the purpose of commerce with the natives."
Recurring again to the right of discovery,
Great Britain ought to be the last of' all nations
to object to such a title, whether followed by
complete possession or not. Her history is
replete with instances in which she has re-
cognised and acted upon the validity of such titles;
always when she was the party to be benefited. In
the cases of the Falkland islands, JNew Foundland,
and the eastern coast of the United States, she in-
sisted on their sufficiency. In the first mentioned
case, having discovered the islands alluded to in
1592, she abandoned them to chance until 17GG, a
period of 174 years, and dispossessed Spain of the
settlements she had maintained on them without
opposition for many years, on the ground of a prior
title by discovery; and for the same reason she dis-
possessed Holland of her settlements in New York
Whether, therefore, we rest our title on prior discov-
ery alone, or on discovery and preoccupation com-
bined, it is good against England. She is concluded
by her own examples from objecting.
I come now to examine another ground of title—
the title acquired by the United States in virtue of
their own discoveries and acts of ownership and
possession in the northwest. The conclusion to be
drawn from this source is satisfactory, and reflects the
highest credit upon American enterprise and daring.
Until the discoveries made by Captain Gray in
1791, '92, nothing certain was ttriown of the exist-
ence of the Columbia river, and many other impor-
tant points on the Pacific, in relation to which he
has given to the world many interesting particulars.
True, Heceta, a Spanish captain, had discovered a
point of land in latitude 46 degrees, 18 minutes, in
1775, now called Cape Hancock, and immediately
south, in latitude 46 degrees 16 minutes, an opening
in the land, which "appeared to him to be a harbor,
or the mouth of a river." The opening was known
on the Spanish charts published prior to 1788, as the
"Entrada de Heceta," and the "Rio de San Roque."
But to Captain Gray, of Boston, belongs the honor
of the actual disoovery of the river, and of naviga-
ting it for the first time by civilized man. To him
the world is indebted for the first efficient impulse
given to trade and enterprise in that part of the
world, and the interesting discussions which have
arisen in relation to its title and resources.
This enterprising adventurer made a voyage to
the northwest coast in 1787-8, under the direction
of a company of merchants of the city of Boston,
formed with- a view to engage in the fur trade of
that region. The result of his observations and dis-
coveries then was highly satisfactory to his employ-
ers, and was eminently calculated to arouse public
attention to the commercial capabilities of the coun-
try. Iti 1790 he sailed from Boston again, on an-
other expedition to the north Pacific ocean, and
reached the northwest coast in the year following.
In May, 1791, sailing along the coast, he found an
inlet in about latitude 46 degrees 16' minutes, the
same that had been seen by Heceta in 1775, which
he labored for nine days to enter, but without suc-
cess, in consequence of the out-flowing current.
He was so far successful, however, as to verify the
opinion of Heceta, that there was a river there. Af-
ter some further explorations, he laid up for the
winter at Colyoquot, where he erected a fort, called
by him Foit Defiance, and built and launched a
schooner called the ''Enterprise," being the first
American vessel built on those shores. Captain
Kendvick, of the ship "Washington," who had ac-
companied Captain Gray on his previous voyage,
had remained on those seas during Gray's raturn to
Boston. In the course of the year 1790, Caplain
Kendrick explored Nootka sound, sailing through
its whole length, and named the channel Massachu-
setts sound. He also purchased from several of the
native chiefs large tracts of land near Nootka,
which were transferred by deeds marked by the
chiefs, witnessed by several of the officers and crew
of the Washington, and authenticated by a notary
at Macao. In 1840 an application was made to
Congress to confirm the title thus acquired to these
lands.
In April, 1792, Captain Gray fell in with the
English ship "Oiscoveiy," commanded by Captain
Vancouver, at the entrance of the strait of Fuca,
and informed him that he had discovered the mouth
of a river in latitude 46 degrees 10 minutes, whose
current was so strong as to prevent his entrance.
After parting with Vancouver, lie sailed southward
along the coast until the 14th of May, when the
record of his log book proceeds as follows:
"At noon, weighed and came to sail. Standing up the
nver noi'theas-t by east, we (bund the chaimc] veiy
narrow. At 4. p. m., u e had sailed upwards of twelve or
lilleen miles, when the channel was so very narrow that it
way almost impossible to keep in it, having iiom three to
tifteen iathoni.s water, sarul} bottom. At half-past 4, the
ship took ground, hut she did not stay Ions: before she
came oil', wUhout any assistance. We barked her otV, stern
foremost, into three fathoms, and let go the small bower,
and moored skip with hedge and hawser. The jolly-boat
was sent to sound the channel out, but found it not naviga-
ble any further up, so of con i m: we must h.ive taken the.
wrong channel So ends, with rainy weather. .Many na-
tives alongside''
Before leaving the river, Captain Gray gave to it
the name of his good ship, the "Columbia," and
the cape on the southern side of its entrance, "Cape
Adams," and on the northern side, "Cape Han-
cock." The territory "wateied by the river and its
tributaries, is called Oregon, from a tradition derived
from the Indians near Lake Superior, of the exist-
ence of a mighty river rising in that vicinity, and
emptying its waters into the Pacific; and which was
supposed to be the Columbia. Soon after these ex-
plorations, the United States proceeded upon the
authority of the laws of nations to take possession
of the country. They did not wait 174 years be-
fore doing so, as England had done in the case of
the Falkland Islands; but as early as 1804, Mr.
Jefferson, President of the United States, despatched
Captains Lewis and Clark "to explore the inteitor
of the continent of North America" and the coun-
try watered by the Columbia and its tributaries.
These bold and enterprising men accomplished their
mission by ascending the Missouri river, crossing
the Rocky mountains, up to that time unexplored
by any white man; descending the Columbia river
to its mouth, and, by giving to the world the first
accurate and reliable account of the climate, soil,
productions, and aboriginal inhabitants of Oregon.
Soon after these events, the Missou'ii Far Com-
pany of St. Lent is established several trading posts
on the upper Missouri and the head waters of Lewis
river, a branch of the Columbia. This was done
as early as 1808, and was the first settlement ever
made by white men in the territory watered by the
tributaries of the Columbia.
In 1810, the Pacific Fur Company was estab-
lished in the city of New York, under the aus-
pices of John Jacob Astor. The design of this
company was to establish a commerce between New
York and China, based on the exchanges of furs to
be taken in Oregon; and accordingly in September,
1810, a party was despatched on board of the ship
Tonquin to commence and prosecute the business.
In 1811, Astoria was established near the mouth of
the Columbia, "buildings were erected, gardens
planted, a vessel was built and launched, a traffic
was carried on with the natives, and before the sum-
mer passed away, Astoria presented all the appear-
ances of a thriving and prosperous settlement." In
the mean time another party ascended the Missouri
river, crossed the Rocky mountains, descended the
Columbia, and joined their comrades at that place.
In 1813, the post was captured by Captain Blake,
in command of the British sloop of war Raccoon.
Great Britain undertakes to contravene the claim
based on those facts, by setting up a counter one
based on the alleged discoveries of Lieutenant
Mears, Captain Vancouver, Broughton, McKenzie,
and Thompson, British subjects. The discoveries
claimed on behalf of Mears and Vancouver have
been already briefly noticed; but it may be import-
ant here to notice tliem more particularly.
Mears's own confessions exclude the idea that he
ever discovered the Columbia river. In the narra-
tive of his voyages he says:
"Sailing South, a large bay, as we had imagined, opened to
oui view, that bore a very promising-appearance, and into
which wc steered with every encouraging expectation. The
high land that formed the boundaries, ol" the ba>,wabat a
great distance, and aflat, level country, occupied the iuterve
ning space; the bay itself took rather a westerly direction.
As w e bteered in, the water shoaled to nine, eight, and se\ en
fathoms when breakers were seen from the deck, right
ahead, and from the mast-head they were observed to extend
across tiie bay. We therefore hauled out, and directed our
course to the opposite shore, to sec if there was any chan-
nel, or if we could discover any poit. The name of Cape
Disappointment was ^iveii to the promontory, and the bay
icceived the name of Deception hay. By an intiillerent me-
ridian observation, it lies in the latitude of 46 degrees 10
north, and m the computed longitude ot degrees 34 min-
utes east. We can now with safety as^eit that theieisno
such iiver as that of St. Roc exists, as laid down in the
Spanish charts.1'
Mears therefore denies the existence of any such
river as Heceta claimed to have been seen, and as
was known on the early Spanish maps as the river
San Roque, and therefore describes the bay into
winch it empties as "Deception bayS"1 and the north-
ern promontory spoken of by Heceta as " Cape Dis-
appointment." The testimony of Captain Vancou-
ver, who visited the northwest coast in 1792, is
equally conclusive against the pretensions of Great
Britain- He says:
"The river mentioned by Mr. Gray, should, from the lati-
tude he assigned to it, have existed mthe bay. south of Cape
Disappointment. This we passed 111 the forenoon of the 27th,
and, as 1 then obsei ved, if any inlet or river should he found,
it must be a ver\ intricate one, and inaccessible to vessels
of our burden," owing to the reef? and broken water which
then appeared in its neighborhood. Mr. Gray stated
that ho had boon several days attempting to enter it,
which, at length, he was unable to effect on ac-
count of a very strong outset. This is a phenomenon
difficult to account for. as, in most cases, wheie
theie are outsets of such strength on a sea coast, there are
corresponding tides setting in. Be that, however, as it
maj, I was thoroughly convinced, as were also most per-
sons of observation on board, thdt we could not possibly
have passed any safe, navigable, opening harbor, or place
of security for shipping on this coast, from Cape Mendo-
cino to the promontory of Closset, (.Cape Flattery.) nor had
we any reason to alter our opinions, notwithstanding that
theoretical geographers have thought proper to assert in
that space the existence of arms of the ocean, communicat-
ing with a mediterranean sea and extensive rivers, with
safe and convenient ports."
It appears, therefore, that Vancouver not only ac-
knowledges that no such rivers was seen by him,
but he undertakes to discredit the testimony of Cap-
tain Gray as to the existence of such a river. Con-
vinced, however, of his error afterwards, in the lat-
ter part of the year 1792, he despatched Captain
Broughton to follow Captain Gray, which he did,
by ascending the river about 72 miles. The pretence
that McKenzie discovered the Columbia, or any of
its tributaries, is equally unfounded. In the years
1788 and 1792, the Northwest Fur company de-
spatched him to seek out new places for the enter-
prise of their trappers. In pursuance of this object,
he extended his search towards the northwest coast,
and fell in with a river, which was then supposed
to be the Columbia river, but which has since been
discovered to empty its waters into the strait of
Fuca, and is called Frazer's river.
The settlements made by Thompson, another
agent of the same company, were not made until
the spring of 1806, several months after Lewis
, and Clark had erected Fort Clatsop near the mouth
