Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Public Land Bill—Mr. Houston.
H. of Reps.
peopled from the old. But (Mr. H. ssid) the whole
argument was futile and untenable; it, as well as the
one preceding it, to which he had just alluded, had
nothing to do with the issue now before the commit-
,tee; the States had come forward and patriotically
ceded their waste lands to the general government;
that government had paid the old war debts of the
States; the duty of the government, (as he would
hereafter attempt to show) was to sell the lands at a
fair price for settlement, and let the proceeds go into
the national treasury to meet the common expendi-
tures of the whole nation.
But some gentlemen, and especially the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Causin,] regarded this subject
in another aspect, to which he desired to call the at-
tention of the committee. Mr. H. had intended to
make no reply to that gentleman, because the argu-
ment he advanced had been answered so often and
so fully already, and the gentleman had explained
so often and so much, that, if his explanations could
be appended to his speech byway of notes, the mam
points—the pith of his speech—would all be gone.
The gentelman1s argument against the kill was
founded on his apprehension that its practical effect
would be to depopulate the old States. The gentle,
man dwelt with great eloquence oil the surprising
growth of the new States, and thought that the tide
of emigration was quite rapid enough already, with-
out the aid of any legislative stimulation. But what?
Did the gentleman seek to restrict and restrain the
enterprise and energy of the American people, in
seeking to better their condition? Would he bind
down the free-born children of this soil to one single
spot? Would he force them to remain "huddled vp
and crowded together," within the old settlements, in a
manner injurious to their comfort and prosperi-
ty? Did the gentleman want to drive them into
the manufacturing establishments? Was that his
object* "Would he pen them in, within the
walls of eastern factories, till they were de-
graded and broken down, and sunk into mere ma-
chinces? Was it-his policy to compel the old States
to retain their citizens, like so many serfs, bound
to the soil? If not, let him not act and argue as if it
were; let him vote for this bill, and let the people
from all the States go where they pleased, North,
South, East, or West—into any region of the Union
where they could obtain a fertile soil, and at a fair
price. It was evident, from the petition which had
this morning been presented and read by the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. S. Gary,] that the vast and
unprecedented improvements in machinery had ope-
rated to throw thousands out of employ. Would
the gentleman force these people, whose employ-
ment had been superseded, nevertheless to remain
on the spot until they were degraded into wretchcd
paupers?
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] hod op-
posed the bill by arguments which, however con-
clusive they might appear to him, or however appli-
cable they might be m his region of country, Mr.
H. begged leave utterly to disclaim, if applied to his
constituents. If that honorable gentleman chose to
apply such insinuations or charges to his own peo-
ple, Mr. H. could have nothing to say against it; it
was to be presumed the gentleman knew them best:
".As thing? now stood, (said the gentleman.) when a valu-
able tract la) next to a man's farm, he was very anxious to
secure it a* sO'in a<. \ ossihle; hut pass this bill, and he would
defer it, perhaps, for tea or fifteen, year*. And, besides, the
same oi thinff'? would ensue among the farmers that now
existed atr.on^ t^c squatters, the man who camc in to buy
would soon find hmisolf met hv >t common law which for-
hade any stranger to meddle with these reserved tracts.
The farmers would combine, jujit as the squatters had. to
keep all others fit arm's !<. ngth. Whoever dared to infringe
the lex loci would be put dou n He. therefore, insisted that
the bill instead of accelerating the sale and settlement of
the public domain, would retard both."'
Now, Mr. H. must here declare that this was
the very fust time he had ever heard of such a thing
as squatter law among the farmers. He had
heard of combinations among speculators, but
none among farmers. It was unreasonable to sup-
pose that such a statement could be true; it certain-
ly was untrue, in point of fact, in the State Mr. H.
was honored to represent in part.
But the gentleman went farther, and told the
committee that if they were so rash as to pass this
dangerous bill, hordes of speculators would come
flocking from the cities, and would buy up oaths in
any quantity, and thus possess themselves of the
richest lands by collusion and fraud. Mr. H. did
not pretend to know the price of-oaths in Ohio, and
especially at what, rate they might be bought in the
gentleman's district; but if he intended his remarks
to apply anywhere else, he was certainly mistaken.
He knew, indeed, that there was false swearing
among mankind on other subjects, as well as the
public lands; but if he were in search of such prac-
tices, he would go anywhere else rather than among
the honest farmers and settlers of the country to
find them. If, however, the gentleman's constitu-
ents were in market and for sale, ready to be used
by speculators, Mr. H. had nothing to do with the
matter; he left it with them and their representative.
The honorable gentleman said that he had lived
for a quarter of a century in one of the new States;
and, with all this mass of experience he gave it as
his opinion that forty acres of land was enoughTor
a poor man, and that more than that would prove
to him rather an injury than a benefit. Now, if this
was true in the gentleman's district, Mr. H. greatly
feared that the constituents of the honorable gentle-
man were not merely ready to sell their oaths, but
that they were also indolent and lazy; for certainly
a tract of forty acres was not held to be enough for
one man, either poor or rich, in the West or South;
and to advance such an opinion there, would expose
a man to the charge of speaking stark nonsense.
The assertion was ridiculous—ah, ^oorse! Poor men,
at least in Mr. H.'s district, sometimes had many
children—some half-grown boys, and others ap-
proaching man's estate; and he would like to know
how a poor man, with three or four, or, as is
often the case, a half-dozen, stout boys, (able
to plow, to help him, could find employment
for. them on a tract of forty acres, or how
more land would be an injury to him! This cer-
tainly was at war with the universal opinion of man-
kind, as well-as with other arguments advanced by
the same gentleman.
[Mr. Vinton here interposed, and denied posi-
tively that he had ever said that more than forty
acres would be an injury.]
Mr. Houston said he had before him a report of
the gentleman's speech, as given in a leading jour-
nal, which he presumed the gentleman had seen,
and which he did not know that the gentleman had
ever denied as misrepresenting him. In that report
he found the following language:
"We have (said he) made a law for the poor man, by
which a section of land is cut Tip into sixteen parts, so that
the man who can raise fifty dollars can get forty acres of
good land, and that was as much as he could cultivate to
advantage. If he had more given him, he would injure in-
stead of benefiting him.1'
Again:
"It could not be contended, therefore, that this, bill would
benefit the actual settler; for it mu-t hp conceded that it
would be more for the advantage of the poor man to pur-
chase forty acres of rich land at'$t 25 per acre, than to get
one hundred and sixty acres of inferior land at a reduced
price."
The gentleman was at liberty to take it back, if
he pleased, or to explain it away, if he desired to
do so; but Mr. H. had read the words as they
stood.
[Mr. Vinton here rose to explain, and said that
the report alluded to had been made without his
knowledge, nor had he seen or corrected it before
its publication. It certainly did give substantially
the outline of what he had said, but it was in some
respects incorrect, and this was one of the parts
where it was less accurate. What he had said was
this: that forty acres was as much as one man could
cultivate to advantage, and he had observed that in
the West generally it was the habit to cultivate too
large a tract, and that an English or French farmer
would raise as much from his fence corners as many
of our farmers did from an entire field.]
Mr. H. should not object to the gentleman's ex-
planation; the report of his speech was his own
property, and he had a perfect right to explain, cor-
rect, or withdraw all or as much of it as he thought
proper. The gentleman admitted that he had said
that forty acres was enough for one man. Hr. H.
maintained that it was not enough, especially when
a man had three or four sons, and perhaps as many
daughters, to raise, educate, and maintain. If the
gentlajvian ventured out into the new country, el-
even'if he confined himself to Ohio, he could find a
good many of our settlers who had more than ten
children. (A laugh.) Many such might be found
in Mr. H.'s as well as every other member's dis-
trict.
But, as another argument against the bill, the
gentleman had stated that in his district there were
tracts of land which had remained for thirty and
even forty years in market unsold, which, neverthe-
less, did afierwaids bring a dollar and a quarter an
acre. Could it be that the gentleman alluded to cer-
tain salt lands which lmd obtained no inconsiderable
notoriety in Ohio, and of which, if report said true,
the gentleman had an especial knowledge? Was it
the far-famed salt lands of Ohio of which he spoke?
Might it not be true that the tracts referred to were
those which had been brought to bear in, and con-
stitute a part, of, a scheme to monopolize the salt
business of and about which rumor, at one time,
had said much in Ohio? If they were, then that fact
might, of itself, be an ample answer to his argument.
But the gentleman from Ohio,-[Mr. Vinton,] and
another gentleman, from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,]
had employed an argument against this bill, which
was stranger still, to which he deeired to give a mo-
ment's attention. Hr. H. did not know but that he
should have to allow the gentleman to withdraw that
argument also, after they had listened to his remarks.
Thegentleman had referred to the fact that, in 1836, or
about that time, a large amount of the public lands had
fallen into the hands of speculators, to the amount
of perhaps forty millions of acres, and that they
were there yet seeking purchasers, and that thus the
speculators had become competitors of the govern-
ment in the land market. Mr. H. admitted the
fact; but could it be possible that the gentlemen
would oppose this bill for such a reason as that?
Were the gentlemen fearful of injuring the interests
of speculators? Could this be their motive? Yet
what other inference could be drawn from their po-
sition? They first told the committee that forty
millions of acres of these lands had been bought up
by speculators, and still remained in their hands,
seeking purchasers. Well, what then? Why,
therefore, (such was the inference he was compelled
to draw,) Congress must not reduce the price of
land, or enable poor people to get it cheapcr, for this
would injure the interests of the speculators, by en-
abling the government to undersell them.
[Mr. Vinton here interposed. Did the gentle-
man from Alabama mean to say that Mr. V. had
opposed this bill because it would injure the specu-
lators?]
Mr. Houston had said' that he was compelled to
draw such an inference from the premises stated by
both gentlemen.
[Mr. Vinton said he disavowed any such infer-
ence. He was as much opposed to seeing the pub-
lic domain absorbed by speculators as any gentle-
man in that House, and he had said ]
Here Mr. Houston resumed, because, he said, if
he suffered the gentleman to go much further, and
especially if he let him quite alone, he would with-
draw so much of his argument that he would have
nothing left. Thegentleman now said that he was
opposed to the speculators, yet he took care not to
deny that he had used the argument. Mr. H. had
not accused either of the gentlemen with being con-
cerned in speculating land companies.
[Mr. Vinton said that the natural inference from
the gentleman's language would be that he charged
Mr. V. with being himself a speculator. If so, the
gentleman was mistaken. He had never bought of
the government but one hundred and sixty acres of
land in his life.]
Mr. Houston said the gentleman certainly seemed
very sensitive: he had not charged him with being
a speculator; on the contrary, he had expressly dis-
claimed any such design. The gentleman's course
was a very strange one: why had such an argument
been used? Why should the gentleman have urged
the fact that a large amount of these lands were in
the hands of speculators as a reason or objection
against the bill? The gentleman's language was:
"We have now something over a hundred millions of
acres in the market; ,)nd, added to these, there were vast
qualities of lands for sale belonging to private individuals.
Gentlemen would bear in mind that, in 183G, there were
twenty-five millions of dollars' worth of the public lands
purchased by private individuals, the most of which were
now in the market. The first purchasers of these lands
were r.ow in competition with the government "
What other effect could the statement of this fact
have been intended to produce than that which Mr.
H. had inferred from it? But as thegentleman had
disavowed it, he would let it pass.
Mr. II. said that it would save the gentleman, as
well as himself and all concerned, a good deal of
time and trouble, if he would at oncc retract or ex-
plain his whole speech, that it might be understood.
To take it back in this manner, in pieces, must be
troublesome to the gentleman, ana certainly was
very much so to Mr. H. [A laugh.]
But Mr. H. would now proceed to inquire how
the gentleman's last portion agreed with what he
had said in another part of his speech? Here was
his argument:
"This bill (saidMr. V.) proceeded on the false supposition
