Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2ft
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Post Office Bill—Mr. Niles.
Senate.
treasury, it would be no more than just. But this
is not all. The communications from the depart-
ments, arid all the business of the government, are
conveyed free of postage, and are paid fbr out of the
income derived from letter-postage. Would itnot be
more just that this should be transferred as a charge
upon the treasury? In the present flourishing state
of the treasury, the sum is not such as to be seri-
ously felt; but the principle is objected to. The de-
partment has hitherto been made to depend upon its
own resources; and this has served to regulate and
govern the extent of its operations. There was
force in this objection; and it had been urged by
himself, during the short period tlmt he had the
honor to be charged with the administration of that
department.
But if the appropriation from the treasury is lim-
ited, and for a specific object, with an understanding
that it was not to be increased, it would not remove
the regulating principle, as the operations of the de-
partment must depend upon its own revenues, with
the addition made to them from the treasury; and
that being fixed, it could not extend the mail facil-
ities, but ill proportion as its own income might in-
crease, as was the case now.
But Mr. N. said he had no fears in respect to the
finances of the department, if the system of low
postage was once adopted, and could have a fair trial.
Calculations and estimates were worth but little on
a question of this kind; experience was the only
thing upon which we could rely. There were many
examples tending to prove how little the estimates
and opinions of the most judicious men were worth,
on subjects like this. He would refer to one: the
committee who made the first estimates of the prob-
able income of the Liverpool and Manchester lail-
road, and which was the basis on which subscrip-
tions to the stock were obtained, relied mainly on
cotton, cnal, and other freights, but supposed that
about one-half of the persons then carried in coaches
from one city to the other, might be conveyed on
the railroad; and after estimating the income
from freights, add, that an additional sum
of twenty thousand pounds a year may rea-
sonably be expected from the transportation of per-
sons. Such was the estimate; but experience has
proved that five hundred thousand persons have
passed over the road in one year, producing an in-
some, probably, of more than a million of dollars.
Instead of getting one-half of the passengers then
conveyed from one city to the other, the whole
number was increased four hundred per cent., by a
cheaper and more rapid conveyance; and the cheap
and speedy transmission of letters had produced
the same result. Greater speed, as well as low
postage, had contributed to the increase of letters
sent in the mail. Another fact had been established
in England, which was, that the greater the number
of persons which passed from one commercial point
to another, the greater had been the number of let-
ters conveyed in the mail. Here the reverse of this
has proved to be true; but it has been owing to the
letters being sent out of the mail. The actual num-
ber of letters have no doubt increased here in pro-
portion to the great increase of passengers between
all our commercial cities.
Mr. N. said, as he went for the lowest rates of
postage there was any prospect of obtaining, he
should support the amendment proposed by his
colleague, ("Mr. Huntington,] of 3 cents for any
distance not exceeding fifty miles, and 5 cents
within two hundred and fifty miles, and 10 beyond
that. He was opposed to the 15 cent rate, and
would not go above 10 cents for any distance
He thought that this was as fairand equitable an ar-
rangement of the rates as we should be likely to at-
tain, and he hoped it would be adopted. The hon-
orable chairman of the committee, [Mr. Merrick,]
contended that there was too great a disproportion
between the lowest and the highest rate, as there
was the same office labor on a letter conveyed thir-
ty miles as there was on one conveyed one thousand,
as it had in the same manner to be mailed and de-
livered, and that the expense of the post offices was
about one-half of the whole, and the transportation
the other half. But the senator was in some degree
mistaken; and had he been better acquainted with
the inside of a large post office, .he would not have
made the statement. The expenses of post offices
were not one-half, nor evea one-third; the cost of
transporting the mails was nearly three millions of
dollars, and the allowance to postmasters was but
about twelve hundred thousand. But the office la-
bor was more on a letter sent a great distance, as it
had to be remailed, perhaps two or three times, at a
charge of 5 per cent, each time. Letters for distant
points were not mailed for the office of delivery; but
with some general direction, as northward or south-
ward, and were opened and remailed at the proper
distributing offices.
Although he thought there was no injustice in the
proposed rates, he should himself have no objection
'to a lower postage for the highest rate. He was
aware that public sentiment, to a very considerablo
extent, was in favor of one uniform rate for all dis-
tances, agreeably to the views just expressed by the
senator from Illinois, [Mr. Breese,] but he had no
idea that such a proposition could succeed at this
time, and doubted the propriety of it in a country so
extensive as ours, although he was convinced it was
a very convenient and judicious arrangement in
England. His own opinion was in favor of two
rates, the lowest that could be obtained; but thought
the proposition of his colleague more likely to suc-
ceed, and hoped, therefore, it might be adopted.
The lower rate of 3 cents, which it proposes for dis-
tances not exceeding fifty miles, he was confident
would increase the revenue. But there might be
doubts as to what would be the effect on the reve-
nue by extending the five-cent rate from one hun-
dred to two hundred and fifty miles. This might re-
duce the income the first year; but ultimately he
was persuaded it would not diminish, but increase
it. But whatever might be its influence on the
finances, we ought not to overlook the immense ad-
vantages it will confer on the public, and which, in
his judgment, would greatly exceed the loss of rev-
enue, if, indeed, any loss is sustained.
In regard to the amendment he had offered as a
substitute for the first section, Mr. N. said the ob-
jection he had to the bill as it stood was, that there
was no reason nor justice in charging double or
triple postage because a letter contained anmclosure,
when it did not exceed the weight of a single letter.
He had never heard any good or satisfactory reason
why one of two letters of equal weight, should be
taxed two or three times as much as the other, be-
cause it contained an enclosure, or was com-
posed of several pieces; and he believed no good
reason could be given- He supposed the principle
had been adoptea from the English law, when their
mail establishment was a mere revenue system, and
its main object to raise the greatest amount of rev-
enue that was practicable. But as the government
was not responsible for the loss of a letter contain-
ing valuable" inclosures, there was no justice in
charging an additional price for conveying it.
But there were other objections to rating letters
according to the number of pieces. It became ne-
cessary to pry into and examine them, and this was
odious, and led to gross abuse. He had known
one postmaster who had abused this practice to such
an extent, that his conduct had to be inquired into;
and the-evidence against him was so strong, that
he had to resign his office, to avoid being re-
moved. It was also a dangerous temptation
to clerks, and was no doubt the source of
many depredations and criminal acts committed by
persons employed in post offices. The practice
had become odious, and he wished it entirely done
away with. The principle of rating letters by weight
was not only more equal and just, but was more
simple and easy in the application of the law. An-
other objection to the section as it stood, was, that,
it was too complex and difficult of application; it
contained a double test—that of the number of pieces,
and the weight—both of which must be applied to
every letter weighing over one quarter of an ounce.
[Mr. Merkick said he had amended the bill, so that
it now admitted of half an once as a single letter.]
This (said Mr. N.) is an improvement; yet, beyond
half an ounce, all letters must be both weighed and
examined, to see how manypieces they are com-
posed of. This would he difficult, and would not
be attended to with any uniformity. Some post-
masters would be careful and vigilant to enforce the
law; others would be careless and lax in executing
it; so that the double and triple rates would be col-
lected in some offices, and not in others; there would
consequently be no uniformity in the postage tax.
He understood, that, at the last session, the
principle of his amendment, taxing letters by
weight, had been veted down, because it was
supposed it would lead to frauds by sending several
letters directed to different persons under one en-
velop. To guard against this abuse he had added
a penal provision, making it unlawful to send letters
in that manner, and unlawful in the person receiv-
ing them to deliver them. The English had adopted
this principle, and he hoped it would be adopted ,
here; its simplicity, and the ease, certainty, and uni-
formity with which the law could be executed, was
a great, and, in his judgment, conclusive recom-
mendation of it.
The honorable chairman has attempted to assigr
a reason for taxing letters by the piece without re-
gard to the weight; it was a new discovery; and
however much merit there may be in originating
it, he could not perceive its force in establishing tha
justice of the double, triple, and quadruple tax
He tells us that letteis having enclosures convey in
telligence. But do not all letters convey intelligence.
And may not a single letter, consisting of a large
sheet, contain as much intelligence as a letter of the
same weight composed of two sheets or several
pieces ? There seems to have been an idea that, in
transmitting letters containing enclosures, a more
important service was performed and a greater
benefit derived by the person who sent them.
This may be true in some cases; but we have
nothing to do with the importance of
communications to the parties, or the benefits they
may derive from them. Some letters are of great
pecuniary importance, and others are of a mere so-
cial or friendly character; but we have nothing to
do with this in charging for their transmission
through the mail. The senator says my amend-
ment is subject to the same objection I have alleged
against the bill, and that it would make it the duty
of postmasters to look into letters to ascertain*
whether they contained other letters enclosed. This
is not so. Under my amendment it would not be
the duty of postmasters to examine letters to rate
them, as they would be rated by weight; nor woul_
it be their duty to look into letters to see whether
there was a violation of the law, as it was only made
the duty of postmasters to report such violations o •
this section as might come to their knowledge. But
the penalty would prevent letters being sent enclosed
in other letters, as it is not to be supposed that our
citizens will send letters in violation of the law, es-
pecially as the fact must be known to their corres-
pondent, who will himself be guilty if he delive t
them. The provision would effectually stop letter*
from being unlawfully enclosed in other letters, so
there could be no occasion for any examination on
the part of postmasters. It is only merchants or
business men who would have occasion to send sev-
eral letters directed to different persons in the same
place; and it is not to be expected that such men
would violate the law and expose themselves to
penalty.
On the motion of Mr. Huntington, so
amend the bill as to permit newspapers, magazines,
and pamphlets to be sent over mail routes out
of the mail, Mr. Niles said that it was with
reluctance he supported propositions to interfere
with the details of this bill, as he was aware that he
could not always foresee how far the change of the
details may affect the main provisions of the bill,
which he was very anxious to have passed, as he
believed the country demanded it, as well as the ne-
cessities of the department. But the amendmen
proposed brought under consideration a great prin-
ciple contained in the bill, which he thought indefen-
sible. As the bill now stands, it gives to the Post-
master General the entire control of the distribution
of all newspapers, and other periodicals in the coun-
try, and takes away from all publishers the right to
distribute their own publications, except with the
consent and under the supervision of the head o.
the Post Offioe Department. There was something
alarming in this principle, and he felt bound to resist
it. It was areform the wrong way; and, instead of
diminishing, was extending the monopoly feature ot
the system. It was an unwarrantable abridgment
of the rights of publishers, who were entitled to the
same privileges as all others, in disposing and de-
livering their productions; and, on the other hand,
it took from the people the right of obtaining news-
papers in the way most convenient and accepta-
ble to them. No publisher can send a news-
paper to any subscriber, except through the
mail, or by an agent, to be appointed or li-
censed by the Postmaster General; and for
all papers distributed more than thirty miles from
from the place of publication, the agent must pay for
his license a sum equal to the net amount of the
newspaper postage. Does the senator suppose that
publishers would submit to this? With such an ob-
noxious feature in your law, it would draw down
upon it the artillery of the one thousand newspapers
in the country, and it could not stand a single year.
The publishers are a class of men whose rights can-
not be trifled with. This restriction would stop
