214  ,
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 184S.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Seymour.
H. of Reps.
best days and the purest patriots of the republic, re-
main forever inviolate. I would not destroy its
vitality'nor weaken its protecting power, extended
even as it has been since the era of the constitution
to seven new States. But when I am asked to go
further, and by a single act of legislation extend this
guaranty to another and a vast territory, destined,
lfannexed to our Union, at no very distant period
to vie in political power with the most important
section of the confederacy, it is my duty as one of
the representativeis of the free North to see that her
interests are protected, and her rights under the con-
stitution maintained.. If slavery is to be permitted
in this territory, justice to the North and the West
demands a fair division of it into slaveholding and
non-slaveholdmg States. A distinguished senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] at the last session of
Congress, submitted a bill for the annexation of
Texas, and its division into five States, in three of
which slavery was to be inhibited. One of my col-
leagues [Mr. Robinson] has, within a few days
past, submitted a joint resolution, now lying upon
your table, proposing a restriction of slavery in all
the territory except such part as shall be embraced
in a single State not larger than the largest State now
in the Union. Either of these plans, viewed in their
bearings on the different sections of the Union as
well as the higher considerations of a national charac-
ter and the welfare of an unfortunate and degraded
portion of the human race, are far preferable to the
resolutions of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Slavery now exists throughout the whole extent
of Texas. If that country continue an independent
nation, this institution, so closely interwoven with
her whole structure, will continue to grow with her
growth and strengthen with her strength. Instead
of twenty thousand, (the number she is now sup-
posed to contain,) in a few years they will be counted
by millions. Look at the increase of slaves in the
United States from one decennial enumeration to
another, and you may form some estimate of the
number which, in half a century, would people the
fertilesoil ofTexas. In the course of fifty years, from
1790 to 1840, the slaves in the United States have
increased from 697,897 to 2,487,213; anumber near-
ly as large as the whole population of the thirteen
united colonies, when they declared their independ-
ence. Judging from the climate and soil of Texas,
and the source from which, remaining a slave terri-
tory, she will derive the most of her emigrant popu-
lation, we may anticipate as large a ratio in the in-
crease of slavery there. Much then would ^ be
gained to the prosperity and strength of the Union,
much to the cause of human freedom, by adopting
either of fhe propositions to which I have alluded
for the restriction of slavery. Texan slavery would
be diminished. The aggregate of slavery in North
America would be reduced, and "the area of free-
dom," of which so much has been said in this debate,
would in reality be enlarged.
But these propositions for a restriction of slavery,
so just and reasonable in themselves, find no favor
with the friends of annexation at the South. The
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobr,] and, I believe,
every other advocate of the measure from that quarter,
are decidedly opposed to any such division of the
territory. It was with difficulty that the proposition
of my colleague [Mr. Robinson] was laid on the
table and printed. These gentlemen will go no
further than the line of the Missouri compromise,
which was settled of thirty-six degrees and thirty-
minutes north latitude. But what has that magic
line to do with this foreign territory? It was laid
down a quarter of a century ago, as a compromise of
a question which then deeply agitated the country.
It had reference originally only to the terri'ories of
the United States as they were held at the time of
its adoption. No one at that period supposed it
was designed to draw a broad line of demarcation
across the continent between free and slave territory;
much less that it was to apply to all future acquisi-
tions. , - _ ,
How will this line divide the territory of lexas?
Look at the map of that country, as its boundaries
are claimed, and how large is that "area of freedom
to be, which lies north of the line of the proposed
compromise? It is a very small portion, probably
not exceeding one-tenth of the whole area claimed
by Texas; situated, too, in a region intersected by
the spurs of the Rocky mountains, its climate is ng-
orous, and its soil, if not* steril, is certainly of very
moderate fertility.
Such, then, is the miserable pittance proposed to
be carved out of this noble acquisition, as the thea-
tre for the free labor of the emigrants from the
northern and middle States, while the broad savan-
nas of the maritime district, and the fertile prairies
of the middle regions, are assigned to the enterprise
and capital of the southern States. Thus will this
mighty empire be gained at the common expense of
the whole country; and, if necessary, be maintained
as an integral part of the Union, by the blood and
treasure of the nation, and yet its wealth, power,
and resources be appropriated almost exclusively to
the perpetuation and extension of the peculiar insti-
tutions of a part, and to the especial aggrandizement
of that part in the scale of political power. While
I admit that our legislation should bear equally up-
on the whole country—whether in imposing the
burdens of taxation, or protecting industry, in regu-
lating commerce, or sustaining agriculture—I claim
also the application of this rule to the more impor-
tant measure before us.
I cannot concur with the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Cobb,] who claims annexation without
restriction of slavery, as a measure for the advance-
ment of southern interests and slave interests, not
merely as a matter of policy, but of right resting
upon the guaranties of the constitution. Sir, the
constitution does not, and was never intended to ex-
tend its guaranties of slavery to such an extent.
They do not require us, in the progress of the re-
public, in territory, wealth, and power, to preserve
an equality, or even to keep up and perpetuate the
same balance between the slaveholding and non-slave-
holding States, which existed at the time the consti-
tution was framed. While the rights of the States
then existing were guarded by them, legislation was
left to be applied to new States as sound policy
should dictate. Indeed, both from the debates m
the federal convention which formed the constitu-
tion, and the opinions of the eminent statesmen of
that period, it is apparent that their intention and
hope was to prevent the extension of slavery.
In the debates of the convention on this subject,
as given by Mr. Madison, Mr. Sherman said:
"He observed that the abolition of slavery seemed to be
going on m the United States, and that the good sense oi
the several Statrs -would probably, by degrees, complete
it."
Col. Mason, of Virginia, used the following lan-
guage:
"This infernal traffic originated in the avarice of British
merchants. The British government constantly checked
the attempts of Virginia to put a stop to it. The present
question concerns not the importing States alone, but the
whole Union. The evil of having slaves was experienced
during the late war; and had slaves been treated as they
miehthave been by the enemy, they would have pioved
dangnrous instruments in then- hands. The western peo-
ple are already calling out for slaves for then-new lands
and will fill that country with slaves if they can be got
through South Carolina and Georgia. He held it essential,
in every point of view, that the general government should
have power to prevent the increase of slavery."
Mr. Madison himself objected to twenty years,
as too long a period during which the constitution
restricted Congress from passing any law to pro-
hibit the slave trade:
"Twenty years (said he) will produce all the mischief
that can be apprehended from the liberty to import slaves.
So long a term will be more dishonorable to the American
character than to say nothing about it m the constitution
It is well known that Mr. Jefferson on various oc-
casions expressed himself in favor not merely of
restricting, but of eradicating slavery. In his Notes
on Virginia he says:
'■Under the mild treatment our slaves experience, and
their wholesome though coarse food, this blot in our coun-
try incieases as fast or faster than the whites. IJuring
the regal government we had at onetime obtained a law
which imposed such a duty on the importation of slaves
as amounted nearly to a prohibition, when one mconsid-
eiate assembly, placed under peculiar circumstances, re-
pealed the law. This repeal met a joyful sanction from
the then sovereign, and no devices, no expedients which
could ever after be attempted by subsequent assemblies,
and thev seldom met without atemptmg them, could sue-
ceed m'settinff the royal assent to a renewal ot the dut\
In the very first sesson held under the republican government
the assembly passed a law for the perpetual prohibition of
the importation of slaves This will in some measure stop
the increase of this great political and moral evil, while the
minds of our citizens may be ripening tor a complete
emancipation of human nature."
I repeat it, sir, the constitution contains no
guaranty of slavery to the future territoria.1 acquisi-
tions of the republic; nor any pledge to maintain the
relative weight of the slaveholding States m the
political scale. These subjects were left to be de-
cided by future legislators, guided by the lights ot
experience, the manifestations of an enlightened
public opinion, and a patriotic desire to preserve the
peace and harmony of the Union. In this view oi
the question, I ask where is the justice, the fairness,
the magnanimity, the patriotism which proposes to
devote almost the whole of this immense territory
to the extension, growth, and perpetuity of the pe-
culiar domestic institutions of a portion only of bur
confederacy? . -
But, sir, before I leave this topic, I must refer
briefly to an allusion made by the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Holmes.] He spoke of an
"under current" which was setting strong from the
North against this measure. I can tell that gentle-
man when that current began to set in this direction,
and when its force first began to be felt. It'was,
sir, twenty-five years ago, at the period of the agita-
tion of the Missouri question, when the proposition
was made to admit that Stat<5 into ^ the Union with
slavery engrafted upon its institutions. The legis-
lature of the State, which I have the honor in part to
represent, on that occasion; by a vote nearly unani-
mous, passed the following resolution:
"Whereas the inhibiting the farther extension of slaveiy
in these United States is a subject of deep concern among
the people of this State; and whereas we considers avery as
an evil much to be deplored, and that every constitutional
barrier should be interposed to prevent its furtherexten-
sion, and that the constitution ot the Lnitcd States cleaily
gives Congress the right to require of new States, not com-
prised within the original boundanes of these United States,
the prohibition of slavery as a condition ot their admission
into the Union: Therefore, .
"Resolved, That our senators be instructed, and our rep-
resentatives in Congress requested, to oppose the admission
as a State into the Union of any territory not comprised as
aforesaid, without making the prohibition of slaveiy theiem
an indispensable condition of admission.'
This resolution expressed the sober and deliberate
opinions, not of a body of men who would scattei
firebrands, arrows, ana death through the country,
but of the great mass of the peaceable citizens ot
that State—men who have been, and ever will be,
willing and anxious to abide by the guaranties of
the constitution. That excitement passed away; it
was hoped that it never would be revived, ine
North, at a subsequent period, quietly acquiesced in
the admission into the Union of another new slave
State. But the angry feelings and sectional jeal-
ousies of thai gloomy period have of late been once
more aroused by another question in these hau3, or
equally exciting character. That question is the
right of petition. A rule was adopted m this House
which forbade the reception of any petition relating
to the subject of slavery. The North opposed itj
because it was deemed a violation of the sacred
right of petition, unnecessary for the protection ot
the South, and uncalled for by the compromises of
the constitution. Yet I and my political associates
at the North, who have always been proud to ad-
here, with the most scrupulous fidelity, to these
compromises, have been placed in a false position
by our southern friends, when they have demanded
of us the support of a rule which we could never
justify to our constituents. I thought then that the
cry made on this subject by the South was mere
bagatelle; and the result of the repe;J of the ob-
noxious rule at the present session has proved it to
have been so. , ..  A
This course of legislation on a most delicate and
exciting subject has given strength and power to that
"under current" of which the gentleman spoke.
But this is not all: this question of annexation—
a question of t he highest importance and the widest
bearings on all our national interests—has been de-
graded and reduced to a mere sectional measure, to
protect the interests of slavery. Let us look back
to what passed in 1825. This very matter was m
argument then; and the point made by us advocates
wis, that the Sabine as a boundary approached too
near New Orleans, and that it. would be a great na-
tional object to extend the area of the republic in
that direction. The administration, both ot Mr.
Adams and of General Jackson, pursued the same
object with untiring zeal and irom high national
considerations: They urged the argument of the
national defence—and the protection of the com-
mercial depot of the great Mississippi valley. A ney
judged that the benefits anticipated from the acqui-
sittonof Louisiana would not be fully realized to
the country without the acquisition of lexas. a
important did they deem it m this view, that although
in 1803 we had paid fifteen millions oi pilarsi foi
the purchase of the whole of Louisiana, m lo y
offered to pay one-third of the amount to. rega
small portion of it which was then embraced wth
limits of Texas. But now, sir, this f
brought down from the high eminence which it
formerly occupied, and is pressed upon Con^*s ®
a narrow sectional questio'n. Thc eorr^pondence
of our national agents, as submitted from th
