216
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Feb. 1845.
On admitting Iowa and Florida as States—Mr. Belser.
H. of Reps.
but by the most powerful nations of Europe. The
important proposition is pending for a union be-
tween her and the United States—a union subject
to conditions and restrictions deeply interesting to
both nations—a union by which the nationality of
Texas is destroyed, her name blotted out from
among the nations of the earth, and her sovereignty,
territory, revenues, and people merged in our repub-
lic. It is the most solemn and important act which
can be proposed to them. Its very nature implies
the action of both through the supreme power of
their respective governments.. The action of one of
the high contracting parties will not suffice. The
consent of both to the annexation, and to all its con-
ditions, is requisite. Such an act is a treaty; and,
as such, it cannot, under our constitution, be per-
fected without the action of the treaty-making pow-
er. Vattel, an approved authority on the law of
nations, defines a treaty thus:
"A treaty (in Latin'fcedus) is a contract, made with a view
to the public welfare, by the superior power, either for
perpetuity, or for a considerable time."
The power of making treaties has been vested by
the constitution with the President and Senate;
and when ratified by them, is declared to be the su-
preme law of the land. This power, as defined by
the highest judicial tribunal known to the constitu-
tion, most clearly embraces within the appropriate
sphere of its action the measure now before us.
In the case of the State of Vermont, vs. Jennings,
reported jn 14 Peters's Reports, Chief Justice Ta-
ney says:
"The power which has thus been exercised by the State
of Vermont is a part of the foreign intercourse ot this coun-
try, and has undoubtedly been conferred on the federal
government. Whether it be exclusive or not, is another
question, of which we shall heieai'ter speak. But we pre-
sume that no one will dispute the possession of this power
by the general government. It is clearly included in the
treaty-making power, and the corresponding power of ap-
pointing and receiving ambassadors and other public min-
isters. The power to make treaties is given by the consti-
tution in general terms, without any description of the ob-
jects intended to be embraced by it; and, consequently, it
was designed to includc all those subjects which, in the or-
dinary intercourse of nations, had usually been made sub-
jects of negotiation and treaty, and which are not incon-
sistent with the nature of our institutions and distribution
of powers between the general and State governments."''
Sir, I refer you also to the opinions of the distin-
guished individual now at the head of the State De-
partment, given in his speech upon the commercial
treaty with Great Britain in 1816. He said:
"He would establish, he trusted, to the satisfaction of the
House, that the treaty-making power, when it was legiti-
mately exercised, always did that which could not be done
by law, and that the reasons advanced to prove that the
treaty of peace repealed the act making war, so far from
being peculiar to that case, apply to all treaties. They do
not form an exception, butm fact constitute the rule. Why,
then, he asked, cannot Congress make peace7 They have
the power to declare war. All acknowledge this power.
Peace and war are opposite. They are the positive and neg-
ative terms of the same proposition. "Why cannot Con-
gress then repeal the act declaring war? The reason is
plain, one power may make war; it requires two to make
peace. It is a state of mutual amity succeeding hostility;
it is a state that cdJinot be created but with the consent of
both parties. It required a contract or a treaty between the
nations at war. .Is this peculiar to a treaty "of peace? No:
it is common to all treaties. Jt arises out of their nature,
and not from any incidental circumstance attaching itself
to a particular class. It is no more nor less than that Con-
gress cannot make a contract with a foreign nation. When-
ever, then, an ordinary subject of legislation can only be
regulated by contract, it passes from the sphere of the or-
dinary power of making law, and attaches itself to that
of making treaties. whatever* concerns our foreign
relations, whatever requires the consent of another na-
tion, belongs to the treaty power, and can only be regulated
by it; and it is competent to regulate all such subjects,
provided (and here are its true limits) such ieguldtious
are not inconsistent with the constitution Beside*
these constitutional limits, the treaty power, like
all others, has other limits derived from its object
and nature. It has for its object contracts with
foreign nations; ac the powers of Congress have for
their object whatever can be done in relation to the pow-
ers delegated to it, without the consent of foreign nations.
Each in its proper sphere operates with genial influence,
but when they become erratic, then they are portentous
and dangerous. A treaty can never legitimately do that
which can be done by law; and the converse is also true/'
- Sir, the annexation of Texas was so clear and pal-
.pable a case for the action of the treaty-making
power, that, in the first instance, the friends of the
measure, with perfect unanimity, put that power in
requisition for its accomplishment. Although legis-
lation is demanded to admit States into the Union,
yet who doubts that the failure to ratify the treaty
oflastyearby the proper branch of the government,
is the only reason why legislation is now, for
the first time, invoked to acquire foreign ter-
ritory. Indeed, the action of coth the treaty-
making and the legislative power are necessary to
admit a foreign State into the Union; the former to
acquire the territory, ihe latter to admit itj or any
part of it, as a State. In this respect the resolutions
before the committee are radically defective. They
nowhere recognise the action of the treaty-making
power. A measure of the last importance, and deeply
affecting the political power of the States of the
Union, is withdrawn from the action of a branch of
the government to which the constitution allotted it,
and where, from abundant caution, a vote of two-
thirds of the States would be required for its sanc-
tion; and it is confided to another branch, to be de-
cided by a bare majority. This is a'dangerous pre-
cedent; it is an innovation in a matter not of mere
form, but of substantial power. Nor is it relieved
from the full weight of these constitutional objec-
tions by the idea suggested by the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,] that Texas, having
been severed from the United States, and united
with Mexico, and being now independent, is re-
stored to her original rights and political character
by the law of post Umitimm. That law has no ap-
plication here. Texas was not conquered from us.
We ceded her by peaceful negotiation; and since
she severed herself from Mexico, we have disclaimed
return by solemnly recognising her as independent,
not only of the rest of the world, but of ourselves.
Sir, we h^,ve been called upon to dismiss our con-
stitutional scruples and to embrace annexation in
this form, not only from the intrinsic advantages of
the acquisition, but from the higher and more po-
tent considerations of self-preservation, which we
have been told by gentlemen is a higher law than
the constitution, and overrides all obstacles. Sir,
this is a dangerous doctrine to be promulgated jn
any government, and most of all in our free repub-
lic. This law of self-preservation, when applied
to a nation, is the rule of state necessity—the plea
of tyrants, and the justification of usurpers. State
necessity was the defence of the hypocritical Crom-
well, when, by the military power, he dissolved
the British Parliament; he declared "that he had
come with a purpose of doing what grieved
him to the very soul, and what he had earn-
estly, with tears, besought the Lord not to im-
pose upon him. But there was a necessity, in or-
der to the glory of God and thegood of the nation."
It was the excuse of Bonaparte, when, at the head
of his troops, he marched into the legislative hall, dis-
persed the council of five hundred, and extinguished
the last spark of republican freedom in France; and
it will ever be the plea for all encroachments of pow-
er upon the liberties of the people, whether made
by open violence or the stealthy march of prece-
dents. The annexation of Texas, in the form pro-
posed by these resolutions, is demanded by no rea-
sons so cogent as to justify us in a departure from
either the letter or the spirit of the constitution. The
crisis does not forbid the delay necessary for
the conjoint action of the treaty-making and
the legislative powers. Texas is in no danger of
subjugation by any foreign nation. Nine years ago
she achieved her independence on the bloody field
of San Jacinto, and she has since triumphantly
maintained it. She is at this moment more united,
and better able to defend her territory, and sustain
her power than Mexico herself. Emigration, too,
from the United States, is rapidly implanting in her
bosom the love of our institutions, and strengthening
the desire of a union between the two nations.
I have no desire to retard this great national measure.
The action of the treaty-making power would not
prevent its consummation in due time, while it
would facilitate the adjustment of those delicate
questions which are now so embarrassing. Let the
annexation of Texas be accomplished in such a
manner a3 shall be just to all sections of our coun-
try, and in accordance with the provisions of the
constitution, and I shall hail "the lone star" in our
political firmament as the harbinger of peace,
strength and prosperity to the Union.
sp^ecFoFmr. belser,
OF ALABAMA.
In the House of Representatives, February 11,
1845—On the bill to admit Iowa and Florida into
the Union as States.
Mr. BELSER rose and observed, that he had
listened with attention to the gentleman from Ohio,
(Mr. Vihton;) and although he could not subscribe
entirely to his views, still he was free to say that, in
his humble opinion, a. more creditable effort had not
been made within that Hall. Coming, as he did,
from a different section of the Confederacy, and be-
ing particularly interested in a portion of the bill
under consideration, he would endeavor to imitate
his friend's example, by. discussing the questions
growing out of it in a spirit of candor and modera- ,
tion.
The honorable gentleman had prefaced his re-
marks by directing' the committee to the cession
made by Virginia of her public-lands to the United
States. He examined the deed with the utmost
scrutiny, and from its contents attempted to prove
that it was originated by persons inimical to the
West, and with the studied purpose of retaining the
balance of power in the National Senate for the ben-
efit of the then slave States of the .Union. He
further stated that, to' effect this grand object, they
unnecessarily enlarged the area of such States as
were to be formed out of the territory thus ceded,
and that this injustice was perpetrated at a period
when the West was too feeble to protect itself.
These (said Mr. B.) were grave charges; but he
asked the gentleman to recollect that the domain ob-
tained by this Government from Virginia was her
own, and that in surrendering it for national purpo-
ses, she had the right to prescribe such terms and
conditions in the deed as would best comport with
her own safety. And he would have him also to re-
member, that in voting on the Texas admission
during the present session, he had fairly laid himself
open to the same imputation of motive at a future
day, which he was now exerting himself to fix on
those who had preceded him in legislation. Out of
this munificent donation from Virginia (the right to
which passed definitively to her by that treaty which
concluded the Revolution) had sprung the States of
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, and the Territory
of Wisconsin; while through the purchase of the
United States from France in 1803, had been formed
the States of Louisiana, Arkansas, Missouri, and
the Territory of Iowa. If the gentleman had exa-
mined the size of several of the new sla\e States,
and that legislation which had connected them with
the Union, it would have furnished him with an ar-
gument, cogent and forcible, against his position.
For one, he did not believe that Virginia was actu-
ated by any such policy as had been attributed to
her; and he therefore considered this part of the gen-
tleman's speech as superfluous, and only designed to
cater to the appetite of those who were already suffi-
ciently vindictive in their opposition to the South.
The gentleman had likewise argued that, by the
admission of Florida as she now stands, one man in
it would possess as much political power in the Sen-
ate of the United States as forty men in Ohio. This
may be true, but the gentleman must still certainly
know that that very inequality was expressly con-
templated by the framers of the Constitution. In
the Senate each State had its equal voice and equal
weight, without regard to difference of population,
wealth, or dimensions. In the House the whole
body of the people is represented. This arrange-
ment forms a part of our social compact; it is the
offspring of amity and concession. It is an im
provement on the exercise of the vital principle oi
representation, and proudly claims superiority over
all other systems of the like kind, ancient and mod-
ern.
But another gentleman from the same State (Mr.
Duncan, as if determined not to be left behind by
the other gentleman of whom he had just been speak-
ing) had submitted a motion to admit as a State
only a portion of Iowa at this time. This he would
have no objection to, provided Florida is* treated in
the same way.' He was for receiving both into the
Confederacy, with like terms and restrictions. If
Iowa is to come in without dismemberment, then
let Florida enter in the like manner ; but if Iowa is
divided, then let Florida be divided also. He trusted
that because gentlemen might have the strength,
they would not divide Iowa and leave Florida en-
tire. This would be acting on the principle that
power gives right—a principle which should be re-
pudiated in every deliberative body charged with the
public welfare. For himself, he was prepared to
strike out the proviso in that; section of the bill
which relates to Florida, (in accordance with what
he had heretofore said,) and he asked the attention
of the vigilant Delegate from that Territory (Mr.
