Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO TtiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
225
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Stone.
H. of Reps.
tures of the States concerned, as well as of the Con-
These facts are sufficient to satisfy my mind that
we have the power under the* constitution to annex
Texas as a State.
It has been urged here, that this is not a national,
hut a sectional question, got up to promote a single
interest—the slave interest. The honorable member
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,] who spoke
early in this debate, took this ground.
I ask, Mr. Chairman in what section of the coun-
try did this measure of annexing Texas jirst origi-
nate? It came from Massachusetts, from the vener-
able member opposite me, [Mr. Adams;] he has the
honor of first originating this measure. Does the
gentleman intend to accuse his colleague of being
governed by sectional feelings on this subject, of
desiring to promote the slave interest in the country?
Ifso, they must settle that matter between them-
selves. Sir, I am persuaded that the honorable
member acted from higher motives, from great na-
tional considerations.
Will the annexation of Texas add to the relative
strength of the slave interest in the national coun-
cils, or increase and peipituate slavery?
If I believed the annexation of Texas would per-
petuate that institution for a single hour, bring a sin-
gle additional being into bondage, or extend the law
of slavery over another inch of earth, 1 would be the
last man on this floor to vote for annexation. Every
one knows that the law of slavery now extends over
the entire territory of Texas; so that annexation
would not increase the geographical limits of
slavery. I think it can be shown, with equal clear-
ness, that it will not increase the relative influence of
the slave power in the national councils.
Contrast, for a single moment, the condition of
Pennsylvania and Ohio, with Maryland, Virginia,
and Kentucky. While the former are increasing in
wealth and population, and in everything that adds
power and greatness to a State, the latter are either
standing still or decreasing in all these indications of
prosperity. What makes this marked difference?
The climate of the latter States is as salubrious as
that of the former, their soil was formerly as fertile,
and their natural advantages no way inferior. There
is but one answer to this question. It is slavery that
has produced this contrast. It is a curse to them in
an economical view; and they know, feel, and re-
gret it. With such a climate and soil as Maryland,
Virginia, Kentucky, and Missouri possess, slave
labor never can be profitable. Admit Texas into the
Union, and what will be the result? The slavehold-
ers in these several States will emigrate to Texas.
The strongest motive which operates upon the hu-
man heart (self-interest) will lead them there. A
quarter of a century will not pass away before they
will become free States. The present inhabitants
are to be succeeded by another people. I will not
say by a more noble, but by a more industrious,
more frugal, and more enterprising people. The
lands that they have exhausted will be made to
blossom like the rose; their dilapidated dwellings
will be superseded by the tidy cottage, a sure indi-
cation of a Yankee's home; their uninhabited ceasts
are to become the haunts of New England fisher-
men; their mountains, heretofore undisturbed, and
rich with mineral wealth, are to yield up their treas-
ures; their mountain cataracts and waterfalls, which
have been left in solitude and uselessness, are to be
chained to the power-loom and spinning jenny, and
mule to contribute to the happiness of man. In-
dustry is to take the place of indolence, prosperity
of poverty, liberty of slavery. Annex Texas, and
these results will follow as sure as certain effects
follow their legitimate causes.
1 see that my hour is rapidly passing away. I
must, therefore, leave this slave question, and pro-
ceed to other matters which I wish to notice.
The honorable member fiom Vermont, [Mr. Col-
lamer,] in his remarks yesterday, said that if we
admitted Texas into the Union, without assuming
her debts, we should be doing an act of injustice to
the public creditors of Texas, inasmuch as we should
deprive her of the right to collect duties on foreign
importations—one of the most prolific sources of
revenue. If no additional means, or ability to pay,
were to follow annexation, then there would be
force in this suggestion. The tide of emigration
which will flow into that country, if annexed, by
adding to her wealth, improving her lands, and de-
veloping her resources, will enable her to bear a de-
gree of internal taxation, which will exceed ten-fold
what she would be able to collect from her foreign
commerce, if she remains a distinct nation. So far
I 15]
from taking from her the ability to pay, it will great-
ly increase it.
In relation to assuming the debts of Texas, I
have but a single remark to make. I am satisfied
that none of the propositions now before the com-
mittee which contemplate the assumption of her
debts will be adopted. All that has been said by the
opponents of this measure on the subject has been
labor spent in vain.
We have also been told, sir, that to annex Texas
would be committing a robbery on Mexico. After
all that has been said on this subject, I confess, I am
not able to see in what way we shall be doing Mex-
ico injustice. As to depriving Mexico of the right
to conquer Texas, there is far greater probability of
Texas conquering Mexico. Texas is an independ-
ent nation, acknowledged so by us, and nearly all
the civilized nations of the world; and as such, she
has a right to dispose of her destiny as she thinks
proper. Mr. Chairman, I wish I could believe that
the reasons urged against this measure, which I have
attempted to refute, were the real causes of all this
opposition—that it was a horror of slavery, and a
pure disinterested philanthropy, a fear of placing a
blot upon our national escutcheon and a dread of in-
volving the nation in an unjust war.
But, sir, I am inclined to think that such is not
the case. The honorable member from Vermont,
[Mr. Marsh,] with more candor, or less prudence,
has disclosed the true cause of most of this opposi-
tion. He was afraid that an influence would be
added to the national councils, opposed to his inter-
ests as a manufacturer. If, sir, the effect of annex-
ation would be to blot from the statute book that act
of humbug and robbery which was fastened upon
the country in 1842, (the present tariff,) I would
for this reason, if for no other, vote to annex Texas
to-morrow. 1 trust the committee will pardon me
if I so far digress from the immediate subject under
debate as to devote a few moments in disclosing to
them, and to the country, some of the humbugs and
enormities of this misnamed "protective tariff." So
that, if this measure is defeated, the country may
know what has been gained by the sacrifice.
What were some of the results to be gained by
this protective policy? One was, that it would turn
the balance of trade in our favor, and consequently
keep the specie in the country. What has been
the result? Exactly what has always resulted from
such a policy. Specie is going out of the country
by millions; between six and seven millions has
been exported within the last ten months.
Let us go back a little in the history of the com-
merce of the country, and see what effect this policy
has had upon the specie of the country heretofore.
From the year 1821 to the year 1831, inclusive, we
had what has been called (and correctly so) a high
protective tariff. What effect, then, did this tariff
have upon our specie? During this period we sent
out of the country three million three hundred and
some odd thousand dollars more than we brought
into the country. In 1832 the compromise act was
brought forward, which materially reduced the du-
ties on nearly all our foreign importations—that act
which Mr. Clay said, in his speech at Hanover,
Virginia, in 1840, would be a sufficient protection
to most if not to all the great interests of the coun-
try—that act which General Harrison, in the same
year, when a candidate for the presidency, said he
never would consent to see altered or repealed.
What effect, I ask, did this low revenue tariff have
upon the specie of the country? Prom 1832 to 1842,
under this revenue tariff, we imported into the coun-
try more specie than we sent out by forty-seven
million three hundred and some odd thousand dol-
lars, making a difference, in a period of only eleven
years, of over fifty millions of dollars in the single
item of specie. Yes, sir, the very moment this in-
cubus was taken off the shoulders of our commerce,
the country rose up like agiant. Yet, notwithstand-
ing these facts staring us in the face, we are told
that this policy will turn the balance of trade in our
favor, and keep the specie in the country; when the
whole history of our commerce shows that, under
high tariffs, the specie has always gone out of the
country, and under low tariffs we have got it back
again. How is this brought about? I will show
you, sir. The increased price which we of the
West and South are obliged to pay for our goods
under this system, takes just that increase of price
out of our pockets, and places it in those of the
eastern capitalists and manufacturers. What do
they do with it? Do they hoard it up to look at?
No, sir. They send it to Europe, to pay for their
Brussels carpets, fine cloths, wines, six hundred
dollar shawls, and all such articles as the wealth
and aristocracy of the country consumc; and these
men are rolling in luxury and extravagance, robbed
from the toil and labor of the people of the West
and South.
Another benefit that was to result from this sys-
tem was, that it would create a market for our west-
ern produce, and increase its price. I ask the mem-
bers here from the West if their constituents have
found it so. No, sir; there never was a time dur-
ing the existence of the compromise act when prod-
uce wa£ as low as at the present time. Is there
any probability that this system will ever create a
market for our immense surplus produce?- Let us
look at a few facts. According to the census of
1840, there were between seven and eight hundred
thousand persons in the United States engaged in
mechanical pursuits. This number embraced every
cotton and woollen manufacturer, iron monger, salt
boiler, shoemaker, carpenter, tailor, and, ill fact,
every person engaged in mechanical pursuits from
Maine to Louisiana. Well, sir, there are twenty
counties in the State of Ohio that raise sufficient
wheat, pork, and beef, to feed every man, woman,
and child, unless they eat over twenty bushels of
wheat each; and they must have stomachs of enor-
mous size if they can consume more than that
quantity. Where is the balance of the State of
Ohio, and the other twenty-five States of the Union,
to find a market, if we are to have these prohibitory
tariffs, shutting us out of the markets of the world?
It is a principle of political economy long since
settled, and understood, that, if we not buy of for-
eign nations, they cannot buy of us. We are tolil
by the friends of this system, that additional manu-
facturing establishments will spring up, which will
call off a portion of the labor now engaged in agri-
cultural pursuits, and consequently there will be-
come more consumers, and less producers of agri-
cultural productions, and this will bring up the
price. It is a fact well known, that our manufac-
turing establishments are now producing more of
such articles as they can manufacture to advantage,
than the country can consume: and we are export-
ing thousands of bales of cotton to China and South
America every year; and I am credibly informed
that the manufacturers send them to other countries,
and sell them at a loss, considering it good policy.
It is done in order to keep up the home market-
making us pay great prices, and immense profits,
keeping their goods scarcc in our markets, sending
off the surplus, and selling them cheap to foreign
nations, rather than our people. If such is the con-
dition of our manufacturing interest at this time, is
there any probability that there will be a great in-
crease, or such an increase as will he likely to con-
sume our immense agricultural productions? No,
sir! The thing is absurd; we want the markets of
the world; we wish for the privilege of buying and
selling where we please.
In order to give you some idea of the amount of
western produce, which the operatives in these man-
ufacturing establishments cousume, I will relate an
anecdote which I heard from a western man, who
had the cuiiosity to visit one of these establish-
ments, when East, last summer. Whilst looking
at the buildingdand machinery, his curiosity led
him to inquire how much the girls (of whom he
saw a large number at work) earned per week. The
agent told him they averaged about two dollars and
fifty cents. I suppose you board them, then, said
he. No said the agent, they board themselves.
Only get two dollars and fifty cents per week, and
board themselves, said he ! I should not think that
would more than pay their board. Oh, said the agent,
they get boarded very cheap, they only pay fifty
cents per week for board. Only fifty cents per
week for board, said the western man! What in
the world do they feed them upon at that price?
Why said the agent, they give them dried apples for
breakfast, warm water for dinner, and let them
swell for supper. I will not vouch for the truth of
this statement; but if such is the diet of the opera-
tions in these establishments^ how much of our
western beef, pork, and flour, will they consume
If this policy is equally advantageous to the agri-
culturist as the manufacturer, why is it that the man-
ufacturing interests are in such a state of unexampled
prosperity, while the agricultural interest are ground
down to the very dust, crop after crop rotting in their
barns and barn-yards for the want of a market? No,
sir this whole system is one of robbery and oppres-
sion. The South and West have been made the
common plunder-ground of these eastern monopo-
lists; yes, they are sucking our very life-blood. If
