tVb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Post Office Sill—Mr. Dana.
H. of Reps.
lowed to buy their food of tlie United States, or get
it from the continent. The members of Parliament
being landholders, see that this will promote their
interest, and pass their tariff law.
Well, Mr. Chairman, we have got an interest in
our country that come prowling about the halls of
Congress and make similar complaints, that the
people buy their goods too cheap.
They desire to engage in manufacturing; but they
say they cannot make money at it so long as you
permit our people to purchase their goods as reason-
ably aS they do of those Englishmen and French-
men. If you will lay a duty of thirty-five to one
hundred and seventy-five per cent, on prints, twen-
ty-five to two hundred on brown cottons, forty to
one hundred and twenty-live on woollen goods,
twenty-five to one hundred on iron, and in the same
proportion on other manufactures, so as to bring
up the price, we can then manufacture these articles
and make money at it. Congress grants their re-
quest. Now, the only difference between the Eng-
lish system and ours is this: There, they tax the
people's stomachs because they cannot get at their
backs; and here, we tax their backs because we can-
not reach their stomachs. They have taxed their
people into starvation, and we are taxing ours into
rags.
I said this system was one of humbug as well as
robbery, and the humbug was incorporated into the
act for the express purpose of covering up the rob-
bery. The humbug part of this system is to be
seen in instances where a duty has been levied on
articles which we can raise or manufacture cheaper
than foreign nations. A duty on such articles does
not affect the price one way or the other. For in-
stance: take the article of wool, such as we produce
m this country. Our tariff law enacts that a specific
duty of three cents per pound, and an ad valorem
duty of thirty-three per cent., shall be paid upon it
if imported. Is there any man so destitute of com-
mon sense as to suppose that this duty affects the
price of the wool which the farmers of this country
raise? If so, I pity his ignorance. There is not a
nation on the face of the globe that can produce this
wool as cheap as we can; and you may levy a duty
of five dollars per pound on it, and it will not affect
the price either way. This duty was placed there
for no other reason but to pull the wool over the
eyes of the farmers, to keep them quiet while they
are picking their pockets by selling them their man-
ufactures at increased prices-
Take another article—whiskey, for instance. Un-
der the tariff of 1842, if whiskey is imported, it
would be chargeable with a duty of sixty cents per
gallon. Does any one suppose this duty affects the
Crice of whiskey? Certainly not; for the reason
efore stated—that no nation can manufacture it as
cheap as we do. We raise the cheap corn and rye
from which it is produced. Well, what was this
duty levied for? It was done for a two-fold pur-
pose—first, to induce the venders to believe they
were protected in manufacturing it; and, secondly,
to put an argument into the mouths of these monop-
olists to convince the people that the consumer does
not pay the duty.
Listen to these men for a moment. Why, say
they, these free-trade men contend that just as much
duty as you levy on an article, just that amount it
increases its price, and the purchaser has it to pay.
Take the article of whiskey, they say, in order to
demonstrate that such is not the fact. The duty on
that is sixty cents per gallon; you can buy it for
twenty-five. This plainly shows at once, say they,
that these free-trade men are deceiving you. Again,
say the protectionists, take the article of nails: the
duty on these are three cents per pound; they can be
bought for four. Now, take off the duty of three
cents, and do you suppose you w.ill be able to pur-
chase them for one cent per pound? Certainly not.
They utter the truth; and why will it not reduce the
price? For the same reason I have before men-
tioned—no nation can manufacture nails, send them
into the western country, and sell them as cheap as
we can make them.
Upon the article of wheat, the same attempt at de-
ceit has been practised. Do these men think our
wheat-growers are so ignorant as to believe they
need a duty of twenty-five cents on the bushel lev-
ied on foreign wheat, to prevent England and other
countries from bringing their wheat here, which is
worth one dollar and a half at home, and selling it
to us for forty to fifty cents, or at most a dollar?
They need a duty on cord-wood, ox sleds, and rail-
fence quite as much. The agriculturists understand
this system, and in the late election they rebuked
the insult that was offered to their intelligence. I
should like to pursue this subject further, but time
will not permit. There is one thing more connected
with this subject which I cannot pass by without a
brief notice, and it makes my blood boil with indig-
nation when I think of it.
We are told that this system protects "our labor-
ing classes from coming into competition with the
pauper labor of Europe. I would protect them from
this competition also. I would do it by modifying
this law which forces our laborers into the very
branches of business in which these paupers are en-
gaged. If the products of a day's l'bor of one of
these paupers can be purchased for five, eight, and
ten cents, when employed in manufacturing, our
population employed in producing the same articles
cannot earn more. The act itself supposes the ope-
ratives in these branches of industry to be paupers;
that they cannot obtain enough to support them-
selves, and an indirect tax has been levied up-
on the community to keep them from starvation. I
do not believe that public charity is the best method
of supporting the poor. If a portion of our popula-
tion is to be forced into those branches of business,
the wages of which will not feed and clothe them,
let our clergymen take up contributions in the
churches, employ agents to go about the country,
and inform the people generally that the government
has forced a portion of our citizens into employments
from which they cannot derive a subsistence, and
pass round the contribution box, and ask the chari-
table to contribute, for the support of those poor in-
dividuals whom the government has made paupers.
This system would be decidedly preferable; for
the history of the world shows, that in those coun-
tries where the poor are supported by private chari-
ty, they are much better provided for than where
furnished by public charity.
The whoie system is one of pauperism. Every
nation that has pursued this policy for a long series
of years, has eventually become a nation of pau-
pers. I have occupied more time in this discussion
than 1 intended; but believing, as I do, that nearly
all the opposition to annexation has its origin in a
fear that, if Texas is admitted, she would add
strength to the opponents of this system in Con-
gress, 1 feel I should have been wanting in duty to
those who sent me here had I said less. I am glad
that the gentlemen from Vermont and Maine were
honest enough to confess it.
A word or two more, sir, and I have done. We
are told that if this measure is accomplished, a war
with Mexico, and probably with England, is inevi-
ble.
Mr. Chairman, how long is the rod of England
to be held suspended over our heads in this hall, to
intimidate us in the discharge of our duties? It
might, perhaps, have been prudent and excusable
when our republic was in its infancy; but the only
motive that can operate upon the mind at this day,
by thus attempting to excite our fears, must be a
sympathy for that power in preference to their own
country.
If, in carrying out the wishes of the people in ac-
cordance with the constitution, we become involved
in a war with England, I say let it come; and I say
to her, "lay on McDuff; and d—d be he who first
cries, hold, enough," until she i3 driven from every
foot of soil she holds on this continent. We need
not fear a war with England. She understands her
interests too well to engage in one with us, unless
forced into it to save herself from national disgrace.
She holds the Canadas on the north of us, Nova
Scotia and New Brunswick on the northeast. Does
any one suppose that, in the event of a war with
her, it would ever cease until these provinces were
attached and secured to the republic? If so, I ima-
gine they know but little of national feelings.
Whatever may be the result of this measure at
the present session, Texas will be annexed; and
not only Texas, but every inch of land on this con-
tinent. Our republic is to be an ocean-bound re-
public. Providence intended this western hemi-
sphere to be an asylum for the oppressed, and that
our institutions should be their guardians.
The factious spirits who are preaching treason
and disunion, come they from the North or the
South, may fret and rage on; they only strengthen
the bonds that bind us together, by directing our
attention to the immense advantages which we en-
joy under our confederated system. While the in-
stitutions of the Old World are losing thgjr hold
upon the mind, as the masses become enlightened,
ours are gaining strength and defenders. Our destiny
as a nation is onward. The lone star will be added
to our flag, and that flag will, at some period in our
history, not only float from the fortress of Cluebec,
but from temples dedicated to liberty erected over
the graves of the Montezumas.
SPEECH OF MR. DANA,
of new york.
In the House of Representatives, February 25, 184o
On the bill to reduce the rates of postage.
Mr. DANA addressed the committee as follows:
Mr. Chairman: Having bestowed much labor in
investigating the affairs of the post office, I am grati-
fied to nave'an opportunity to lay the result of my
examination before this committee.
The question of reducing the rates of postage is
one of great public interest. On it depends, in a
good degree, the extent of information to be enjoyed
by the people. They are almost unanimously in
favor of the reduction, and I was in hopes that there
would be no difference of opinion among their rep-
resentatives. Your table has been loaded down
with petitions, and nearly or quite every State legis-
lature has adopted resolutions in favor of reform.
Not only so, but the condition of the Post Office
Department itself requires some change in the sys-
tem. The department is "running down—its rev-
enues and its accommodations are diminishing. Up
to the year 1840, there was an average increase of
about 5 or C per cent, annually . During that year
the increase was but a fraction over 1 per cent.;
and since then there has been a large reduction.
I am aware, sir, that the Postmaster General, in
his annual report at the commencement of this ses-
sion, informs us, with no small degree of self-com-
placency, that the mail transportation of the last
year is greater by 413,000 miles than it was in 1841.
The statement is literally true. But whoever will
take the trouble to ascertain the facts, will find in
them little cause for congratulation.
We have 5,853 miles of railroad and steamboat
mail routes, on which there has been an increased
transportation of 1,800,000 miles since 1841. We
have 138,000, miles of horse and coach roads,
on which there has been, in the same time, a reduc-
tion of 1,387,000 miles; leaving an increase of 413,-
000 miles. Transportation has been extended, and
accommodations diminished. On railroad routes,
'-abundantly supplied before, facilities have been ill-
creased; on post roads they have been greatly di-
minished, and, in many cases, entirely withdrawn.
Instead of extending our post roads to keep pace with
the increase of population, more than 10,000 miles of
post roads have been discontinued since 1841. There
should have been an increase of at least 12,000 miles.
Our post roads, notwithstanding the increase of the
miles of transportation, are one-sixth short of what
they should be; yet this result is a subject of felici-
tation. If members representing sparsely settled
districts find m these facts any ground for exulta-
tion, let them rejoice. To me they bring no gratifi-
cation.
Sir, I cast no censure upon the Postmaster Gen-
eral. This result is the effect of circumstances be-
yond his control. It arises from the increase of
travel, and the extension of railroads. The number
of passengers requires ail increased number of trains
of cars, and as they are bound to take the mail every
trip, the transportation is increased without much
additional cost.
Since 1840, the revenue has been equally reduced.
The actual diminution has exceeded $300,000; the
last year it fell off nearly S60,000, notwithstanding
the vast improvement and extension of business.
The whole deficiency, including the actual reduc-
tion, as well as the oidinary ratio of increase, can-
not be less than a million of dollars.
Why is it that the post office revenue, after having
gone on regularly increasing for a long series of years,
has suddenly shifted about, and is now making
a rapid retrogade movement3 It cannot be from a
diminution of business, for the last year was one of
great expansion. It cannot arise from a reduced
capacity to write, for the blessings of education and
improvement are daily extending. Many more
letters were written in 1844 than in any previous
year since we became a nation. "YVhy, then, has
the amount of the post office revenue declined? Be-
cause the letters have found other means of convey-
ance. Your high rates of postage have driven them,
from the mails, and they have found cheaper chan-
nels of transportation. On nearly every important
mail route expresses have been established. They
carry letters at one-third or one-fourth of the regu-
lar postage, and deliver them personally as soon if
