228
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Post Office Bill—Mr. Duiia.
H. of Reps.
not earlier tlian the mailed letters are ready for de-
livery at the post office. The people find them a
great convenience. They don't know how to dis-
pense with them, unless you will so modify your
post office system as to provide a substitute.
Another mode, which has been resorted to for
avoiding the present high rates of postage, and one
which is perfectly legal, is a kind of extra private
conveyance. Two cities or villages provide places
of deposite for letters; and whenever a citizen passes
from one place to the other, he takes the letters to
their place of destination, where he either drops them
into the post office or hands them to a messenger
for distribution. Travelling has become so com-
mon that almost every day in the year individuals
are passing each way between all of the principal
cities and villages, who can carry letters without in-
convenience. Thus a large part of the correspond-
ence may be eonducted without expense and with
very little trouble. As yet this measure lias not
been extensively systemized. The people are wait-
ing the action of this Congress. Adjourn without
reforming the rates of postage, and this system will
be at once extensively adopted. This mode is pe-
culiarly adapted to places situated on the great
tln-oughfares, but may be extensively used else-
where. I reside in a village about 40 miles from the
line of the railroad running from Albany to Buffalo,
which pays nearly $5,000 a year for postage, at
least two-thirds of which is on correspondence with
Ne%v York and Albany, and the places situated on
the railroad east of the Cayuga Lake, at the head of
which Ithaca is situated. There is scarcely a day
in the year when some of our citizens are not pass-
ing over that route to and from New York. Where
is the difficulty in making an arrangement to send
all of our correspondence by him? There is none.
In every village and city on the route a trusty indi-
vidual can be engaged to attend on the arrival of the
cars to receive and distribute the letters for 1 or 2
cents each; and to collect and forward the answers m
the same way. For $500 we can enjoy equal facil-
ities for correspondence on that principal route,
with those the post office affords for §3,000, without
violating any law or moral obligation,
"What is the remedy for the diversion of the letters
from the mails?
Some of our friends suggest that it is to be found
iu penal enactments. As against the expresses you
may perhaps constitutionally enact penal laws.
Suppose you do, and that you are successful in
their execution: you gain little, for there is another
mode of sending letters, which you cannot suppress.
But your penal laws against the expresses will re-
main a dead letter upon your statute book. Public
opinion is against them—they cannot be executed.
Our laws are based on public opinion; they are,
or ought to be, the concentrated expression of
public sentiment. If they depart from this
standard, tlicy are nugatory. They lose all vitality
and effect. We are but the agents of the people, to
express tlieir will; and do we attempt to bind our
masters with the pack thread of penalties? the few
chain the many? It is impossible to effect it. Noth-
ing can be more absurd than the attempt to fetter
the great mass of the people, contrary to their will,
by penal laws. Such an experiment cannot suc-
ceed, even under the despotism of Britain or France,
swarming, as they do, with policemen, and bristling
with bayonets. It has been tried in each, and sig-
nally failed. Read the testimony taken before the
committee of the British House of Commons, and
yon will see that penal laws are mere cobwebs,
when they come in conflict with public sentiment.
For years millions of letters were annually sent by
private carriers, in direct violation of law, openly,
without any attempt at concealment. It was a
business as regular and well known as that of the
post office itself, and but little less extensive; and
yet there was scarcely an instance of prosecution.
Complaint eventuated in disgrace to the accuser,
and triumph to the accused. Yet wc are called upon
to follow in their footsteps. Is it supposed that the
freemen of this republic will submit to impositions
which were spurned by those whose necks were ac-
customed to the yoke; Such laws cannot be ex-
ecuted here. If it is as easy, as some suggest, to
suppress the expresses by prosecutions, why haa
it not been done? They are m constant, open, and
avowed operation.
Mr. D. here presented an advertisement cut from
a Boston newspaper of a late date, headed "Hale &
Oo.'s Independent Mail Arrangement," stating the
times of arrival and closing of the private mails to
'iind from sixty-nine places daily at Boston, Post
age, in "a few instances, 12 i cents: in all others 6|
cents. The department is here openly braved. If
it be so easy to put down the expresses, why has it
not been done?
And what will be the tendency of the example of
anaally disregarding a law? Will it not be to bring
all laws into contempt? If a law is daily violated by
moral men, will not tlie example prove contagious,
and extend to other laws? Will not a good man by
daily violating one law, bad though it be, soon
cease to regard other laws as sacred?
Sir, I apprehend much evil from this source.
Nothing contributes more to deprave public morals
than the continued violation of a law. If one exist
which cannot be executed, it is far better to repeal it.
Evils of the greatest magnitude will arise from its
continuance.
But it may be said that the constitutionality of the
penal laws to suppress the expresses may be easily
ascertained by a trial. Sir, the post office is too
great a blessing to this country to be lightly put in
jeopardy. Your monopoly and exorbitant charges
are extremely odious. The validity of that monop- ■
oly is not beyond all doubt. Stake not the depart-
ment under present circumstances, upon the hazard
of a law suit. Prejudice is too strong against you.
Success is almost impossible; victory is useless; de-
feat ruin.
What then is the remedy? Reduction—make
your conveyance the cheapest and the best. To do
this you must reduce the rates of postage radically,
and at once. Bring them down below competition,
and do it now. Wait for another Congress to as-
semble and it may be too late. As yet the people
have not taken a decided stand against you—they
are waiting for your action. Reform your system,
cheapen postages, expedite transportation, and the
people will go with you, and sustain you. They
will clear the expresses and all other impediments
from your path. Adjourn without doing anything,
and when you assemble here again you will find
the department bankrupt, new and extended facil-
ities provided to dispense with mail accommoda-
tions, and a large majority of the people disposed
to encourage and patronize them. A reduction
that would have been satisfactory at the last ses-
sion would be unavailing now; one which would
be gladly accepted at this session will be contemned
at the next. The longer you delay, the greater
must be the concession. A 5 cent uniform rate of
postage now will bring all of the letters into the
mail. A 2 or 3 cent rate will be required for that
purpose when you meet again. Come down, then,
at once, with a good grace, to 5 cents, and agitation
will cease. Delay, and the demand will continue
to increase, and agitation become more violent.
The ultra reductionists hope that there will be no
action at this Congtess; they think us behind the
spirit of the age, and are willing to endure the in-
fliction of high postage another year, in the expec-
tation of a greater reduction than can now be had.
Sir, their calculations are correct; the consequences
they anticipate will surely come. But I hope that
this question may not be thrown over; that we
shall act promptly and liberally—respond to the just
demands of the people, and quiet this agitation.
The Post Office Department will thus regain its lost
popularity. Its lines will be extended to every vil-
lage and hamlet of our widespread country, pro-
moting business, and conferring blessings upon the
great body of the people.
Another question arises. Will the proposed re-
duction be right and just ? The post office is in the
nature of a joint stock company. All who use its
facilities should contribute ratably to the expense.
Each person should pay the expense which his
transportation occasions, and no more. If all pay
ratably, the burden will be light ; but if a few pay
the whole expense, the weight is oppressive.^ I
would be glad to have as many as possible enjoy
the franking privilege, if it could be done without
injury to others ; but unfortunately every such ex-
emption to one man imposes an equal burden upon
another. You tell me that the right to frank is not
for your benefit; it is the privilege of your constitu-
ent. And what right lias your constituent to enjoy
it at my expense or at the expense of any other in-
dividual ? None whatever. Exemption from con-
tributing to the transportation of mail matter has
been carried in this country to a monstrous extent—
far beyond my anticipations. Less than one^tenth
of the matter passing through tho mail contributes
at all to the expense of transportation ; 195 tons of
chargeable letters are mailed annually; 430 tons of
mail matter pass fieej and 1,395 tons of newspa-
pers pay less postage than is paid for the trouble of
attending to them, exclusive of carriage. 195 tons
of letters, therefore, pay for the transportation of
2,020 tones of mail matter, besides contributing
$800,000 a year towards the other expenses of man-
agement. Printed matter pays $550,000, %vhich
must be considerably less than its proportion of
commissions and expenses. Is this equal? Is this
just?
What is it which so loads down the mail as to
require four horses to draw it on almost every mail
road in the Union? The letters? By no means.
The average weight of all the letters mailed in a day
through the whole Union is only 1,068 pounds.
One coach and four horses would easily carry all of
them if they were collected together. You employ
18,800 horses to draw them; at least you make let-
ter-writers pay you for keeping that number—near-
ly an ounce to a horse! You charge $19,330 a ton as
the freight of the letters. As you are a volunteer
carrier, compelling every man to employ you wheth-
er he wishes to or not, and fix your own prices, I
think you are rather severe in your exactions. If
we occasioned you so much expense, we would not
complain. But we do not. You charge us so high
to indulge your liberality to others. Your free list
is more than double the weight of the paying letters;
the paying newspapers are seven times heavier, and
pay nothing towards transportation. All these you
eompel the letter-writers to pay for, and you tax
them besides for the transportation of passengers.
They pay you more than three millions of dollars
annually for the transportation of other matter than
their letters, one-third of which is franked matter, and
goes entirely free. Is not this gross injustice? I am
not opposed to printed matter being distributed cheap
through the post-office; it ought to be so; the public
welfare requires it. But are letter-writers alone in-
terested in the diffusion of information? If so, let
them, as they have done for half a century past, pay
all of the expense; but if others, also, are interested,
let these contribute. The public, the people, the
nation, have a deep interest m the matter, and the
treasury ought to sustain the burden of diffusing in-
formation, if the recipients are to be relieved from it.
Letter-writers, as such, have no peculiar interest in
it. Why, then, should they be compelled to pay
the whole expense? You may properly exempt
printed mail matter from a part or the whole of the
expense of transportation; but if you do, you are
bound to foot the bill yourself, instead of taxing any
one class of citizens for that purpose.
Another question is, as to the principles by which
the rates of letter postage ought to be regulated?
, How shall they be charged?
They ought to be taxed high enough to indemni-
fy the government for all of the expenses incurred
on their account. Ascertain as nearly as may be
the actual cost of conveying all the letters, and
charge each with a rate equal to its proportion.
Make it a full indemnity, and the writers will not
complain; but don't tax them to pay for the carriage
of your own letters and documents, nor for any
other mail matter. A uniform rate will be most
convenient, and equally just. On paying routes the
distance is not material; it enhances the expense
very little.
A 5 cent uniform rate will satisfy the demands of
the people, conciliate public sentiment, expel the ex-
presses, stop the private mails, and bring all the let-
ters into the post office. Agitation will cease—the
clamor for reduction will be satisfied. And if
you desire penal laws as an auxiliary security, they
can be safely passed and easily executed. Less
than this, I fear, will be useless. Circumstances
preclude a gradual reduction. It will not banish
the expresses. It will not bring any of the depart-
ed letters back into the mail. Its only effect must
be to occasion a proportional reduction of the reve-
nue. The first object is to get rid of the expresses
and private mails. Any reform short of this is fu-
tile and useless. A cheap and a dear system of
postage cannot long continue in operation together.
Cheapen your system, or the expresses will drive
you off the road. If they get full possession of two
routes, that from Washington to Boston, and from
New York to Buffalo, the department is' bankrupt
and prostrated. You receive more that $860,000 of
net revenue on those two routes. Lose them, and
you have less than $1,900,000 left. Thedepartment
could not go on a single year. A change in' your
postal system is inevitable. It can no moie be
avoided than the decrees of fat®. The only ques
tion is, whether you will reduce your chargesand
continue the transportation of letters by. the govern-
