230
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1845.
28th 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Merrick..
Senate.
Union is absolutely necessary. But of this here-
after.
Let the inquiry now be as to the grant of power
in the constitution. Hear, sir, tlie words, the very
words of the fourth article, third section of tfiat in-
strument:
"New States may be admitted by Congress into this
Union; but no new State shall be formed'or erected within
the jurisdictionfof any other State, nor any State be formed
by the junction of two or more States or parts of States,
without the consent of the legislatures of the States con-
cerned, as well as of the Congress."
How piain, how clear, how simple, how compre-
sivel All attempts at explanation cannot but ob-
scure the brightness with which the true meaning
shines forth in every part and parcel of this clause,
which could not be made more plain and obvious to
the human mind if it were possible to shed upon it
all the light of all the stars of which the senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Choate] discoursed the
other day; nor, if to that we could add all the con-
centrated light of all the suns, whose thousand sys-
tems rise and set, and wheel their harmonious course
or blend their rays in the milky way of heaven,
could it be made more plain.
But gentlemen would fain persuade us that the
aages and patriots who framed the constitution did
not understand the import of the terms they used;,
that they either forgot that they were framing a
constitution for. a plain republican people, who
might understand and administer it according to the
plain sense of the language employed, or paltered
with us in a double sense by using terms of hidden
import, varying from the common sense, and dis-
coverable only by the sybils; or that, all at once,
while debating, altering, amending, and finally
adopting this clause, a sudden transient blight had
fallen upon understandings, before and afterwards
so bright and luminous, so that even they did not
perceive or comprehend the plain import of the
words they used; for to one of these conclusions we
must come, Mr. President, if the positions assumed
and contended for on the other side shall be admit-
ted. The terms used are simple, explicit, and com-
prehensive. "New States may be admitted by
Congress into this Union." They convey to the
mind no idea of limitation, but most certainly of their
own force, or, as my friend would say, (bowing to
Mr. Choate,) propria vigore, convey o Congress
plenary power over the subject. Still gentlemen
say they did not mean that, but intended only to con-
fer the power to admit new States, to be formed
(fut of territory within the limits of the United
States,, The words certainly imply no such re-
strictions; and can it be supposed that if such
was their intention, and they wished to be so un-
derstood, there would not have been some one
found to suggest to his associates that the terms
used were too broad, and might in after times be
held to have given to Congress the power of ad-
mitting Stales from without as well as from within
the limits of the United States; and therefore that it
■would be prudent, since such was certainly their
intention, and it coulddo no harm, to avowitm some
restraining phrases, which should indicate their
meaning distinctly to posterity, as they might readi-
ly do by inserting after the word "States" the words
"arising within the jurisdiction of the United
States," so as to make the clause read—
"New States arising within the jurisdiction of the United
States may be admitted by Congress into this Union; but
no new State shall be formed or erected within the jurisdic-
tion of any other State; nor any State be formed by the
junction of tw o or more States, or parts of States, without
the consent of the legislature of the States concerned as
well as of the Congress."
This would have shown their purpose to have
been as limited as that which is now ascribed to
their act; and we would then have had exactly the
constitution which gentlemen now contend we have;
for it would have left us the privilege of bringing
foreign territory within our jurisdiction, by the
treaty-making power, and thus circuitously to admit
States of foreign origin, which some gentlemen con-
tend is now the only legitimate mode, while we
could not have done so directly.
But no such suggestion was made; no such words
were inserted; and although the whole frame-work
of the constitution gives evidence of the jealous
care and guarded caution with which the convention
made grants of necessary powers to Congress, not a
finger was lifted, nor a voice raised, to limit the
comprehensive and most obvious sense of the terms
of this clause; which was adopted, and stands as I
have read it to you, without limitation or qualifica-
tion, except as to its operation within the jurisdic-
tion of the States. It is not manifest, then, that the
convention either did not perceive the natuial import
of the terms which they used, or that they meant to
deceive; or that they really intended to do precisely
what they have done, to give the power broadly and
plainly to Congress, as it stands written in that im-
perishable monument of their wisdom, and the pal-
ladium of our liberty? But we are told that thisidea
is too monstrous—that the convention never could
have intended to intrust so vast a power to Con-
fress. What! say they, shall Congress admit
'ranee and Spain, England, Japan ana Terra-del-
Fuego, as States of this Union? I answer, no; but
that we will admit Texas; and because the power
given to Congress is broad enough to allow all they
have mentioned to be admitted, it by no means fol-
lows that this power must be so exercised, and all
the world admitted, any more than it would follow
from the unlimited power given to Congriss to
make war, that we should always be at war with
all the world. Great and various powers were ne-
cessarily granted to Congress, but for beneficent
purposes, and to be exercised only with wise and
sound discretion, in accordance with the nature of
the trust reposed in them, and for the attainment of
its declared objects.
In their attempts to explain away the palpable
meaning and import of the terms which grant the
power in question, gentlemen have resorted to the
journals of the convention, contemporaneous histo-
ry, and everything else which could be summoned
to their aid with any hope of establishing their thec-
al ry. Little—Very little, indeed—have they been
able to draw from the journals of the convention for
its support. This feature of the constitution first
appeared in the journals of the convention on the
29th May, in Mr. Randolph's project, in the follow-
ing words:
"Resolved, That provision ought to be made for the ad-
mission of States lawfully arising within the limits of the
United States, whether from a voluntary junction of gov-
ernment and territory, or otherwise, with the consent of a
number of voices in the national legislature less than the
whole.5'
In the same words it is again reported by the
committee of the whole on the 19th of June; and on
the 23d of July this and other proceedings of the
convention were referred to a committee, appointed
to report a constitution conformably to said proceed-
ings. By this committee of detail this feature was
altered, and reported on the 6th of August, 1787, as
the 17th article of their draft of a constitution, in
the following words:
"New States, lawfully aiisin% or established withhi the
limits of the United States, may be admitted by the legisla-
ture into this government; but to such admission the con-
sent of two-thirds of the members present, in each House,
shall be necessary. If a new State shall arise within the limits
of any of the present States, the consent of the legislatures
of such States shall be also necessary to its admission. If
the admission be consented to, the new State shall be ad-
mitted on the same terms with the original States- But the
legislatuie may make conditions with the new States con*
cerningthe public debt which shall be then subsisting."
On the 39th day of the same month (August) this
article was amended in the convention by striking
out ali that part which required a vote of two-thirds
to give consent to such admission; and immediately
thereafter, on the same day, the convention adopted
the following article as a substitute for the whole,
upon the motion, it is said, of Gouverneur Morris,
viz;
"New States may be admitted by the legislature into the
Union; but no new State shall be erected within the limits
of any of the present States without the consent of the
legislature of such State, as well as of the general legisla-
ture."
Thus dismissing entirely, and, as must be ac-
knowledged, upon full deliberation, and not thought-
lessly or unadvisedly, (for it was done in full con-
vention, and upon formal motion,) every word and
syllable which would have confined the exercise of
the power to States arising or established within the
limits of the United States, and as deliberately em-
ploying only such as would give to Congress the
power to admit new States with full scope to act be-
yond those limits, and retaining restrictions only
its operation within the limits of the original States;
and which amendment, be it carefully noted, was
made by a vote taken upon the different clauses of
the proposition—a proceeding which shows that es-
pecial care and close attention were given to what
they were then doing. On the next day (August
30) various amendments were proposed, several of
which were rejected, and others adopted, but none
of them material, nor connected with the present
subject of inquiry, until finally, during that-day, it
assumed the following shape:
"New States may be admitted by the legislature into the
Union; but no new State shall be hereafter formed or erect-
ed within the jurisdiction of any of the present States with-
out the consent of the legislature of such State, as well as
of the general legislature; nor shall any State be lormed by
the junction of two or more States, or parts thereof, without
the consent of the legislature of such States, as well as of
the legislature of the United States.''
On the 10th day of September the whole work of
the convention was referred to the committee of revi-
sion, and in their report (made September 12th) of
the constitution, as revised and arranged by them,
we find this clause appearing in the very words just
quoted,1 and remarked upon, as being a part of the
3d section 'of the 4th article of the constitution.
What does this history of that section prove, Mr.
President? Why, that the convention, by an act of
calm and. deliberate judgment, after their minds had
again and again considered the objects of this grant
of power, struck from the original proposition all of
those words that were intended to confine its op-
eration within the limits of the original States, and
thereby framed and handed it over to us, so as
to leave the power full external scope, uncontrolled
except by the discretion of Congress. And yet,
sir, notwithstanding these historical facts, gentle-
men strenously deny the power of Congress to
admit a new State formed of foreign ter-
ritory under this section, and still assert that the
convention meant not what they have said so plain-
ly and deliberately; and they lay much stress upon
what- they tell us was Mr. Gouverneur Morris's
views in moving the substitute which was adopted
in place of the original proppsition, and which I have
before quoted. The honorable senator from Vir-
ginia, too, [Mr. Rives,] to whose eloquent and able
argument I lately listened, and, as I always do to him,
with great pleasure and fixed attention, relied much
upon the objections made to a part of this section of
the constitution by that distinguished representative
of my own State in the convention, (Luther Mar-
tin,) and he did me the honor to call my particular
attention to what he said in that portion of his ar-
gument. Now, sir, let me call these witnesses again
to the stand; they shall speak for themselves, and
you and the Senate shall hear their testimony and
will judge of its weight.
First, I will call Mr. Morris; I am told that he
was called up yesterday by an honorable senator
from Georgia [Mr. Colquitt] when I happened not
to be in, and, as you then heard his testimony, per-
haps I ought not to trouble you by reading it; how-
ever, to preserve its proper connection with these
remarks, I must even do so. Here, sir, is a letter
from Mr. Morris, in Sparks's life of G. Morris, vol-
ume 3, page 185, dated November 25th, 1803, and
addressed to Henry W. Livingston, in which he ex-
plains his meaning or intention in framing theclause
in question, and his opinions at that time about
what would take place under it. Hear him,
sir. After some prefatory immaterial remarks, he
says:
"I am verj certain that I had it not in contemplation to in-
sext a decree dc coercendo itnpcrio, in the constitution of
America. Without examining whether a limitation ol terri-
tory be or be not essential to the presexvation of republican
government, I am certain that the country between the
Mississippi and the Atlantic exceeds by far the limits which
prudence would assign, «if in eftect any limitation beie-
quired. Another reason of equal weight must have pre-
vented me from thinking of such a clause. 1 knew as well
then, as I do now, that all North Jhneritu must at length be
annexed to us."
Par from sustaining the propositions that he was
invoked to support, this witness thus broadly and
flatly contradicts them, and tells us that he knew
when the constitution was being framed, as well as
he did when he was penning this letter, that all
Jforth America must at length be annexed to us.
And this is the witness relied upon to prove that
the exercise of the aforesaid power was to be re-
stricted to territory then within the limits of the
United States.
I place not much reliance upon these extraneous
proofs, Mr. President; I plant myself upon the
piain language of the constitution itself, and there,
as I have before shown, I find abundant support for
the opinion that I entertain and justification for the
course which I mean to pursue. But, since other
gentlemen have introduced these witnesses, and re-
lied upon them to explain away, and to obscure, as
I think, the obviously true meaning of this section
of the constitution, I have chosen to refute their ar-
guments by showing what their own witnesses
have said with reference to this subject. They pro-
I duced this witness; let them take, in welcome, the
1 full benefit of his testimony; and that, too, of Luther
