Feb. 1846'. 
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Annexation of Texas—JMr. Merrick.
231
Senate.
Mar^n, whom they have likewise invoked; end
surely, if there be any authority dehorn the consti-
tution, that should or could have controlling weight
with me upon thus subject—if indeed there could be
one to whom I might properly defer—it would be
to one ieariied, sagacious, wise, and patriotic, as he
was justly deemed by al! who knew him. Let us,
therefore, examine his testimony on the point in
controversy, and see whether it sustains the propo-
sition which an honorable senator has attempted to
establish by the weight of his great name. His
views are verv fully, and as unreservedly, given in
the account which he rendered of his stewardship to
the legislature of Maryland after Lis return from the
convention.
To understand correctly their force and bearing;
upon the question we have now in hand, we must
keep in mind the fact thai Mr. Martin was warmly
opposed to the adoption of the constitution, and
urged zealously m that communication to the legis-
lature, from which he had derived his appointment,
as well as upon all other proper occasions, his ob-
jections to the constitution. We have a right,
therefore, to expert to find in these views his ob-
jections to the da use of that section which is now
under our consideration, and all of his objections to
it, if he felt any; but, strange to tell, not "a syllable
is uttered by. nor a w hi > per heard from him,
throughout all that long and labored production, in
the nature of an objection to the first part of sa d
section, which provides that linew States may be
admitted by the Congress into the Union;" which is
all that we have anything to do with now. To this
clause he nowhere appears to have objected in con-
vention; neither does he anywhere complain of its
comprehensive character, nor did he make any other
objection to ittefore the legislature. Yet he had
strong objections to the remainder of that section,
and he urged these vehemently. Hear, him, sir,
and see what they were. On the 48th page of this
communication he thus speaks:
"By the third section of the fouith article, no new State
shall be formed or erected within the jurisdiction of any
other State, without the consent of the legislature ol such
State.
"There are ajnumber of States % inch are so circumstanced
with resped to therosehes and to the other States, that
every principle of jinnee and sound policy requires their
dismemberment or division into smaller States. Massachu-
setts is divided into two districts, totally separated from
eachotherby theState ofXew Hampshire.on the north and
east side of which he the \ rovinces of Maine and Sagado-
hock, more extensive in point of territory but le«« popu-
lous than old Massachusetts, which lies on the other .side
of New Hampshire. Xo person canca<t his eje on the map
of that State bur 1 e must in a snoment aJmit that tvetv ar-
gument drawn from convenience, interest, and justice, re-
quires that the provinces of Maine and S&gadohock should
be erected into a new State, and that they should not be
compelled to remain cynnectel uithold Massachusetts un-
derall the inconvenience? of their situation.
"The State of Georgia i< larger in extent than the whole
island ofGreat Britain, extending from its seacoast to the
Mississippi, a distance o! eight hundred miles or more: it1?
breadth, for the most part, about three hundred miles The
States of North Carolina ani Virginia, in the same manner,
reach from the seacoast to the Mississippi
Here, sir, you see displayed the nature and ten-
dency ofMr. Martin's objections. They assail the
second clause of the section which he quotes, and
the restrictions of that clause upon the operations of
the power vrithin, not without the ]imit3 of the
original States. He was jealous of the overshad-
owing power which the large States would possess;
he desired to have them divided, cut up into smaller
States, soa3 to reduce them more nearly to an equal-
ity with his own State of IVIaryland, circumscribed
m she was within narrow territorial limits, for he
well.knew that to establish practical equality among
toe States of this Union something like an approxi-
mation to equality in their real power was essential,
ana he therefore objected to the restraint imposed
upon the power of Congress to erect parts of those
states, of immense territorial extent, into new Slates*
by requiring the previous consent of the State legis-
ature. But let him speak again for himself, and
more explicitly: at page 50, in continuation of the
same subject, he further says:
f0,^nwe.reflect how-obstinate those ttates contended
u,i:^e.1F unjust superiority of power in the government,
lri fJ- ve Part obtained, and for the establish-
fie,* *klj5?8 suPer*°rity by the constitution; when we re-
the£ appeared willing to ha?ard the existence of
l not to <s1UCC€('d in their unjust attempt
i.eir legislatures consent to the erection of
•« i-n their Jurisdiction, it would be an imme-
of*iiat power, to obtain which they appeared
a,JPv IP sacrifice every other consideration; when we
archer reflect that they now have a rnothe for desiring to
r!eii!r teriitory entire and unbroken, which {key
spm*1" *Ja" before—the gratification of their ambition in pos-
•wing ana exercising superior power over their sister
I Stated—and that this constitution is to give them the means
| to effect ihi« dr ire. oi which they were formerly destitute,
i the u hole lorce of the United States pledged to them for
j retraining intestine commotions. and preserving to them the
obedience *nd «.ubjection of then citi/ens, e\ on in the ex-
■ tr.mest part ol theii temtoiy; i sd} . air. when we consider
■ these things i* would 1-^ too .d^urd and improbable to de
a s< nou; answer should any peison suggest thdt
these Jstatejs mean cvet to gi\«' their consent to the erection
; o! nt'w States w *t!im thou terntoiv. Some ot thtm. it is.
, true, have been for some time past amusing their inhabitants
j in those districts that wished to be erected into new states;
! but. should this constitution be adopted, armed with a moid
J ■ultei. to compel their obedience and subjection, they
; will no longer act with inde;ision; and the State of Mary-
j land may. and probably will, be called upon to assist with
I her wealth and her blood m subduing the inhabitants of
; 1- rankland, Kentucky , Vermont, and the pro\ inces of Maine
and Sagadohock and compelling them to continue in «ub-
to the States which respectively claim jurisdiction
' o\ r'i then". "
I There can nn longer be any doubt felt by any
j senator about Mr. Martin's objections. These full
quotations from that <53tnmunication show their
character and objects more plainly than any com-
ments -would that I might make. By requiring the
assent of the State legislatures, he believed that the
power which was seemingly granted to Congress to
erect new S'ates within the jurisdiction of the larger
States was virtually destroyed; and this formed his
objection, and his whole objection, to the section of
the constitution which we are now considering.
He had no objection, then, for he expressed none,
to the first part or clause of this section, nor to the
comprehensive nature of the power thereby given;
but was striving to obtain for Congress the right to
exercise a power as comprehensive within as it
could icitkout the limits of the original States.
[Here Mr. Choate interrupted Mr. Merrick, to
inquire if Mr. Martin had, anywhere in the com-
munication from which Mr. Merrick had been
quoting, said anything about the first clause of the
section; if he had, he (Mr. C.) had been unable
to find it, after a careful search.]
Mr. Merrick, in continuation, said; That, Mr.
President, is the very point to which I am speaking,
and which I desire to press. Mr. Martin has not
said one word about the first clause, when com-
menting largely upon the remainder of the section;
which emphatic silence is pregnant with proof con-
clusive that he had nothing to say against that
clause. He was urging his objections to a part of
this very section, fully, warmly, ay, vehemently.
He was persuading the legislature of hi3 State, by
all the reasons and arguments of which he was
master, not to ratify the constitution; and yet not a
word was said by him against the first clause of that
section, broad as is the grant of power thereby
made.
No one can justly say that Mr. Martin did not
understand the force of the terms used in that
clause. Why, then, did he not denounce their com-
prehensive nature and exterior scope' Plainly, be-
cause he did not think it objectionable, but must
have deemed it wise and proper that a ppwer thus
broad and comprehensive shou'd be lodged with
Congress; for Mr. Martin knew it to be so, and must
therefore have approved it too. Thus the gentle-
men's own witnesses have testified against them,
and most conclusively sustained the constitutionality
of the measure now before us. To me it seems
wonderful that any unprejudiced mind should longer
doubt upon this point. Some gentlemen have in-
quired, with apparent earnestness, to what States
the convention could possibly have had reference, if
v/e may suppose that they intended to give the pow-
er to Congress to admit foreign States? I answer,
in the language of Mr. Madison, in the 14th num-
ber of the Federalist, their immediate object was
"to secure the union of the thirteen primitive States,
which we know to be practicable; and to add to
them such other States as may arise in their own
bosoms or in their neighborhoods, which we cannot
doubt to be equally practicable."
To me, from all that has been said upon this sub-
ject, it seems to be no longer questionable that the
condition and tendency of things, as they have been
recorded by the history of those times, present this
view to our acceptance as the true explanation of
these grants of power. The United States had just
emerged from a state of colonial vassalage. They
were surrounded by growing colonies, still wearing
the chains of dependence. They naturally sym-
pathized with these, and could not but hope that, soon
or late, the same light which had beamed upon the
people of the United States, and had prompted them
to assert and achieve their independence, would burst
upon the inhabitants of these dependencies of sev-
eral crowned heads of Europe, and prompt them
also to assert and maintain their independence. This
was the only republic upon earth of any conse-
quence; all Christendom besides was under the do-
minion of monarchical or despotic governments, that
watched with jealous eyes the growth of freedom
upon thtd continent. Our fathers could not but
have desired to strengthen themselves and raise
a safe barrier here against any future assaults upon
freedom, by concentrating, as fast as they prudently
might, the whole force of republicanism. The neigh-
boring colonies, should any of them become inde-
pendent and free, it was easy to foresee, would be
weak, and for their own safety, as well as for the
common cause, would desire union with us. There-
fore, the power was wisely given to Congress to ad-
mit, in their discretion, into this Union new repub-
lican States which might arise in our neighborhood.
We were in no condition to give offence unneces-
sarily to the gigantic powers of Europe who held
dominion over those neighboring colonies. To have
specified the foreign colonies that might be admitted
upon their becoming independent, or to have held
out an invitation, in terms, to the neighboring for-
eign colonies, would have been justly offensive, as it
might prompt the inhabitants to revolt against their
sovereigns, one of whom had then recently been
our powerful and efficient ally throughout our own
struggle for independence. Prudence, then, forbade
the use of the word foreign in the clause in question;
and, without that, the term domestic, or any other
term of similar import, if used, would have restrict-
ed the sense in a manner inconsistent with their
views. For these reasons, and for none other, it
appears plain to me that neither the one nor the
other qualification was used, and that the clause was
framed and left as we find it—".Mf; States may be
admitted," &c.
In my judgment, sir, whoever shall give credit to
the illustrious patriots who formed our constitution
for but one-half of the 3agacity and forecast which
they possessed, will admit it to be much more than
probable that scenes and questions precisely like
the present must have passed before their prophetic
vision whilst they were engaged in framing this
very clause; but none can suppose they ever
dreamed that what they had expressed so plainly
would have been so strangely construed as it, m fact,
has been.
Further, Mr. President, it has been eloquently ar-
gued by the senator from Virginia, [Mr. Rives,]
that we cannot peacefully acquire foreign territory
except by treaty; and, although he admits that we
can receive into the Union States formed of territo-
ry that was not within the jurisdiction or limits of
the United States when the constitution was adopted,
yet he contends and rests his argument upon the
proposition that we must first acquire the territory
by treaty before the power in the constitution to
admit new States can reach it. I confess that these
propositions appear strange to me. What, sir, can
the treaty-making function of this government—for
it is but a function, to which no specific or exclu-
sive grant of power has been made by the constitu-
tion—can this function enlarge the powers of gov-
ernment, and render that constitutional which is not
granted in terms, but forbidden, as gentlemen con-
tend, by the fair construction of that instrument? 1
agree with him that we may acquire territory by
treaty, and thus enlarge the space over which the
powers of government shall operate; but I have yet
to learn that we could thereby enlarge the powers
themselves, so as to make an act constitutional
which the constitution forbids. The treaty-mak-
ing function 1 have always supposed was subordi-
nate and auxiliary, but not paramount. It is a par-
ticular mode prescribed in which treaties slmll be
made, when the convenience or occasions of the
government render it expedient that any of its pow-
ers should be exercised in that way; but it has no
separate, independent powers of its own, and deals
only with the powers granted to the departments
of government when called upon or set in motion
by them; it is their mere agent, borrowing all its
powers from them, and certainly incapable of ac-
complishing any thing that is not within the power
of its principal. I do not say that it is competent to
make a treaty in any other than the mode prescribed,
if a treaty is to be made at all; but I do say this is
only one mode, among others, and managing the af-
fairs of government, or may be used or not as cir-
cumstances shall require.
We can acquire territory by the treaty-making
power, the gentleman admits and insists. But
whence do we get the right to acquire it in this
mode' As X have before remarked, there is w ex-
