232
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
E4b;,1846.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Merrick.
Senate.
press grant of that power to the functionaries desig-
nated for making treaties. How, then, do we get
it? Either by some express grant to the general de-
positaries of power under the constitution, or be-
cause it is inherent in the nature of government.
There is no such express grant made to those de-
positaries; therefore, if it exists, it must be inherent
in the nature of government. Its existence is ad-
mitted by all, and therefore it must be inherent in
the government, and to be found residing in that de-
partment which is the general depositary of most of
its high powers, and to which all the resulting pow-
ers of the government are given by the terms of the
constitution, namely, the legislature. (See last
clause, eighth section, first article of the constitu-
tion.) And it can be exercised by the treaty-ma-
king authority only as a derivative power, flowing
to them, like all other powers which they are from
time to time, and as convenience requires, author-
ized to wield, from the depositary of the general
powers of government. To deny this is to place
the so-called treaty-making power above and not with-
in the constitution. The honorable gentleman said,
or seemed to say, that this authority to make trea-
ties was lodged in the hands in which the constitu-
tion has placed it, on account of what he supposed
to be the greater security to some portions of the
Union against the abuse of this bargaining power,
afforded by the two-thirds vote of the Senate, indis-
pensable to the ratification of all treaties. Now, it
would seem, I think, that, far from believing that
greater security was guarantied by intrusting this
authority to the President and two-thirds of the
senators present, it was, I believe, regarded at the
time as a surrender of the greater security provided
for in other matters by the full participation of the
immediate agents of the people in the House of
Representatives, and therefore was reluctantly and
only made because of the apparent necessity of
the case—promptitude, secrecy, and despatch being of-
ten essential in the arrangement of our affairs with
other governments, which it was and is apparent,
from the nature of the House of Representatives
and the great numbers of which it consists, could
not be so readily obtained therein. It was to secure
these objects, and to give us the means ofim proving on
the instant all those sudden changes in the condition
of their governments, and their relations to us, that
the participation of the House of Representatives
was not required; and this function was conferred
on the President, whilst the concurrence of two-
thirds of the senators present was added, to check
and guard him, and as a partial compensation for
the loss of the greater security which the participa-
tion and consent of the immediate representatives of
the people guaranties on other occasions. Whoever
will read the 64th and 75th numbers of the Fed-
eralist cannot fail to be satisfied of this by the con-
temporaneous explanations therein given. Allow
me to quote from them a few passages in illustra-
tion. In No. 64, the author, after discussing and
combating at some length the idea that this power
should have been confided to a popular assembly,
says:
"It seldom happens in the negotiation of treaties of what-
ever nature, but that perfect secrecy and immediate despatch
are sometimes necessary. There are cases when the most
useful intelligence may be obtained, if the persons possess-
ing it can be relieved from apprehensions of discovery.
Those apprehensions will operate on those persons, wheth-
erthey are actuated by mercenary or friendly motives; and
there doubtless are many of both descriptions who would
rely on the seci ecy of the President, but who would not
confide in that of the Senate, and still less in that of a large
populary assembly."
Again: in the same number, after commending the
manner in which the agencies of the President and
Senate are to be blended in the exercise of this pow-
er, the auther says:
'■Thus we see that the constitution provides that our ne-
gotiations for treaties shall have every advantage which can
be denved from talents, infoimation, integrity, and deliber-
ate investigation, on the one hand, and from secrecy and
elespaU h on the otliei "
And in No. 75, devoted to the same subject, are
found these passages:
The remarks made m a former numher will apply with
conclusive force against the admission of the House of Rep-
resentatives to a share in the formation ot treaties " ' !)<■-
c/f.ion, senary, and despatch are incompatible with the ge-
nius of a body so variable and so numerous.''
Further, in the same number:
'IIowe\er proper or safe it may be in governments
where the executive magistrate is a hereditary monarch,
to commit to him the entire power of making treaties, it
would be utterly unsafe and improper to intiustthat power
to the elective magistrate of four J ears' duration.''
And in another place:
"Though it would be imprudent to confide in him solely
so important a trust, yet it cannot be doubted than his par-
ticipation would materially add to the safety of the society.
It must, indeed, be clear to a demonstration, that thejoint
possession of the power in question by the President and
Senate would afford a greater prospect of security than the
separate possession of it by either of them." '
Not a word is anywhere said about the greater
sscurily afforded by withdrawing any of the ordina-
ry powers of government, or this particular power,
from the approval of the whole legislature and ex-
ecutive, and allowing it to be exercised by the Pres-
ident and two-thirds of the Senate. But, on the
contrary, apologies are made for the dsminished se-
curity, and the reasons assigned for agreeing to it
are drawn from the fitness of things, and the neces-
sity in such matters for decision, secrecy, and despatch.
This argument, then, like the others, being deprived
of its basis, must also fall to the ground.
But again: It has heen urged, with an earnestness
which proved the sincerity with which the opinion
was entertained by the honorable senator, [Mr.
Rives,] that thejoint resolution now pending before
us is in itself a treaty, and nothing but a treaty, be-
cause it proposes terms to be agreed to or not, as the
case may be, by another government; and that we
would, therefore, violate the constitution if we pass
it; for we might thereby make a treaty in a mode
different from that prescribed by the constitution. If
these premises were correct, the conclusion would
be irresistible. We cannot, I agree, constitutionally
make a treaty in any other than the mode, and by
the instrumentalities, pointed out in the constitution.
But the premises are not correct: the joint resolu-
tion is not a treaty. A treaty is a compact made
between two or more nations by their respective
competent authorities, ratified according to forms
prescribed by their respective governments, and
then of binding force upon all who are parties to it.
This resolution is but an independent act of our own,
and, when passed, will bind none but ourselves. It
has no other than a persuasive power over the party
to whose acceptance it is offered. That power may
or may not agree to its proposal; but, if it shall,
they will be accepted by an act of her own free will
and independent sovereign power. The whole pro-
ceeding may be distinguished by none of the char-
acteristics of a treaty. The resolution, sir, is a mere
act of contingent legislation, similar, m all its fea-
tures, to acts which have been from time to time
and frequently passed by Congress, through the
progress of this government from its commence-
ment. I will turn you, Mr. President, to one of
many examples which our statute books contain.
That which I shall cite is, perhaps, more germain to
the present issue than many of the others. I will
refer you to the act of Congress of May 1st, 1810,
entitled "An act concerning the commercial inter-
course between the United States and Great Britain
and France and their dependencies, and for other
purposes."
This act, be it remembered, was passed at a time
(1810) when we were in a state of quasi war with
England and France, and suffering very severely
in our commerce from violations of our neutral
rights committed by both of those governments.
The fourth section of that act is in these words:
"And be it fm ther enacted, That in case either Great Brit-
ain or France shall, before the 3d day of March next, so re-
voke or modify her edicts as that they shall cease to vio-
late the neutral commerce of the United States, which fact
the President of the United States shall declare by procla-
mation; and if the other nation shall not, within three
months thereafter, so revoke or modify her edicts in like
manner, then the third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth,
ninth, tenth, and eighteenth sections of the act entitled 'An
act to interdict the commercial intercourse between the
United States and Great Britain and France and their de-
pendencies, and for other purposes,' shall, from and after
the expiration of three months from the date of the procla-
mation aforesaid, be revived, and have full force and effect,
so far as relates to the dominions, colonies, and dependen-
cies, and to the articles the growth, produce, or manufac-
ture of the dominions, colonies, and dependencies of the
nation thus refusing or neglecting to revoke or modify her
edicts in the mannei aforesaid, and the restrictions imposed
by this act shall, from the date of such proclamation, cease
and be discontinued in relation to the nation revoking or
modifying her decrees m the manner aforesaid."
Here is a law that proposed terms to two inde-
pendent foreign countries, stipulating and binding
the United States to do some and to forbear to do
other important things, provided that one or the
other of said foreign governments would on their
part do 01- forbear to do certain specified tilings—a
plain direct proposition to come to terms. And
yet it was no treaty, nor was it by any body so con-
sidered; but was deemed by all, as thejoint resolu-
tion now under consideration should be, a mere act
of contingent legislation. But further, in conse-
quence of this act, M. Champagny, Duke of Ca-
dore, French Minister for Foreign Affairs, ad-
dressed, under date of the 5th August, 1810, an offi-
cial note to John Armstrong, Minister Plenipoten-
tiary of the United States at Paris, declaring that
the decrees of Berlin and Milan were revoked
and that, after the 1st day of November, 1810|
they would cease to have effect: Upon this
assurance, the President of the United States,
on the 2d* day of November, 1810, issued a proc-
lamation announcing the fact, thereby giving effect
to the provisions of the fourth section of said act.
Thus we see that there was not only a proposal,
by act of Congress, of terms to a foreign govern-
ment, but that those terms were accepted, the bar-
gain made, and actually consummated. And still
there was no treaty; and nobody has ever thought
that the constitution has been thereby violated-or
trampled under foot, or the securities and guards,
the checks and balances of our government, all, all
destroyed. I feel myself warranted now-to conclude
that the objections which have been so eloquently
urged by gentlemen are unsound and untenable,
and that the constitutional competency of Congress
to pass the joint resolution before us is clear and in-
disputable.
And here the question of expediency legitimate-
ly arises. Is it expedient to admit Texas into the
Union at this time? On this point there is very lit-
tle left for me to say. It would be presumptuous-
for me to attempt to add anything to what was so
ably and eloquently said under this head a few days
since by the very distinguished senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Buchanan.] I shall therefore mere-
ly touch some of .the prominent points that invite
our consideration. But, before I do so, I must take
leave leave to say that I feel deeply indebted to the
honorable senator—yes, sir, the whole southern
country—the whole Union, owe to him a deep and
abiding debt of giatiude, for the firm, manly, dig-
fied, and statesmanlike position he has assumed and
always maintained before the country in reference
to one of the prominent considerations which indi-
cate the expediency of this measure. I allude, sir,
to the dark spirit of fanaticism that is now agitating
the country and marring our peace, under the name
of abolitionism. The great advantages that would
be secured to our internal trade by our Union with
Texas have been pointed out, and are most obvious.
The fatal reduction in the value of our greatest sta-
ple, cotton, that must happen if Texas shall not be
united to us, but shall form that intimate and recip-
rocal commercial connection with England which
she must, if we reject her, have also been pointed
out. Texas would then supply the English market
with cotton on terms, as to the duties levied on that
ai tide, which we cannot enjoy, and which, giving
to her cotton-growers greater profits, would soon
swell her productions to an equality with the de-
mand, and we should be driven from that market.
Our manufacturers, of all things, would .also lose the
growing market of Texas. The prostiation of the
value of our cotton would carry along with it the
destruction of the value of many other agricultural
productions, and particularly that of tobacco; for the
consequent diversion of labor and land from the pro-
duction of cotton to the production of tobacco, would
very quickly overstock the markets of the world
with the latter. Our shipping interests, too, would
lose the carrying trade of that rising republic.
The general prosperity, then, seems to inquire her
admission. Two at least of our largest rivers, rising
in the far West and discharging themselves through
our noble Mississippi, wash the shores of Texas for
great distances, and give her people a natural claim
to the navigation of those streams, and their outlet,
by the Mississippi. Need I descant upon the deli-
cate nature of this relation to a foreign and a rival
country? All history shows it to be one of the most
fruitful sources of strife, discord, and war. A de-
sire to secure the blessings of peace, then, commends
her to our acceptance. We cannot, sir, and I must not
shut my eyes to the real grounds of the chief oppo-
sition which shows itself in our count) y to this meas-
ure. We hear it in the whinings of that fiendish
fanaticism to which I have just alluded. We know
it is based upon the dark spirit of abolitionism,
which, seizing upon the ignorance and honest
prejudices, but still the prejudices, cif large
numbers of our fellow-citizens, in certain
quarters of our Union, is becoming formidable,
and has assumed the organization of a political par-
ty, and already in some instances has thus control-
led elections to the Congress and State offices. And
although it is to me apparent that they would out-
