eh. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
rage humanity, in humanity's sacred name, yet
they are feared, courted, and pandered to by some
men in high places; not by any gentlemen here—no,
Mr. President, I must not be understood so to mean
or intimate. Gentlemen have here, so fir, nobly
stood up for the right on this subject; but, while they
have done so under the influence of a pure and ele-
vated spirit of justice and patriotism, they know as
well as we do that they do so at the peril of their
prospects of future participation in the national
councils; and great, however, as is the honor justly
due to their noble daring, yet that cannot alter the
unhappy state of facts to which X have alluded.
Have we not all heard or seen the argument
prominently put forward by no mean authority
against this measure, that it gave room for the slave
population of the United States to spread out? Not
that it would increase slavery—no, there can be no
pretence of that sort: not that it would promote the
slave trade—for Texas, independent, can make her
own laws on that subject, and receive slaves from
Africa, or not, as she pleases; but admitted into this
Union, our laws would at once strike dead all who
would attempt to pursue that trade within her bor-
ders, if any such there be: none of these considera-
tions are urged, or can be urged, against it; but then
it gives room for the slaves now in the United States
to spread out! These kind-hearted philanthropists
would confine and circumscribe these slaves, the
dear objects of their affection, within narrow limits,
where they must multiply and become more and
more numerous, and their comforts consequently
be continually abridged, their fetters the while be
every day necessarily driven faster and faster, and
their burdens become more and more galling, till in
progress of time—and centuries are but years
in the life of nations—these slaves would become so
much more numerous than the whites that I cannot
contemplate with composure the scenes which
might arise, and the consequences either to the
slaves themselves or to our posterity. And is it ex-
pected of me, a southern man, a Marylander, my-
sei/ a slaveholder, and representing a constituency
holding slaves, that I should help to put my State
under the ban, and deliver her people over to the
tender meicies of these philanthropists? Is it to be
expected of me, I say, that I should give a vote
contributing to such ends as these? Wo, sir, no.
Were this the last hour of my existence, or the
latest breath 1 had to draw, I feel that X could not
spend that time and breath better than by giving
the vote I intend to give in favor of this joint reso-
lution. Sir, this matter has been agitated, and will
continue to be agitated, until something shall be
(lone to quiet it, and put the proper, necessary end
to if. The domestic tranquillity of the country is
endangered; and if you reject Texas now for reasons
such as these, thmk you that the South will sit
down quietly under it? Will the spirit of abolition
cease to goad and war upon this sensitive interest
of the South? And to what must its assaults inevi-
tably lead' We are now in a minority in both
Houses of Congress, in point of fact, on this ques-
tion. Restore the balance of power, and all will be
safe. The South does not want power to encroach
upon the North; no one dreads or thinks of that.
But we need power to defend and protect ourselves.
It has grown into a maxim that the best security for
peace is to be prepared for war. The best security
for the South is to be able to protect herself. The
balance of pswer once restored, abolitionists would
then let us alone, and this blighting agitation would
die its natural death. For these leasons, sir, I am
warranted in saying, that, for the purpose of pre-
serving domestic tranquillity, we should admit Texas.
Out of doors it is sometimes said there is danger, if
we pass the resolution, of bringing on a war with
Mexico. Without stopping to inquire how far that
should have weight, if there were any such danger,
1 only take time to say it is too late now for that
apprehension; none is entertained, nor are there
any grounds for it; neither have I heard it alluded to
here, cxeept to be scouted, during this debate.
But why shall we admit Texas now' Sir, I trust
the general expediency of her union with us at some
time has been made apparent; and, as to the time
most proper, I can only say that she has been long
knocking at oui doors; that she has been twice re-
pulsed, and, in the language of one of our greatest
statesmen, that "those who have turned their atten-
tion to the affairs of men, must have perceived that
there are tides in them; tides very irregular in their
duration, strength, and direction, and seldom found
to run twice exactly in the same manner or measure.
To discern and profit by these tides, in national
affairs, is the business of those who preside over
them." This tide has set long, and now runs even
for a third time in this direction; if permitted to ebb,
it probably will never flood again. Therefore let us
profit by it to-day.
Now, Mr. President, having first cleared away all
doubts, at least to my own satisfaction, as to our
constitutional power, and holding that to be indis-
putable, I am prepared to exercise the power grant-
ed, and to execute the trust reposed in me according
to its provisions, by voting for the admission of
Texas, with the view, so well expressed in the pre-
amble of our constitution, "to form a more perfect
union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity,
provide for the common defence, promote the gene-
ral welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty
to ourselves and to our posterity." And may
that lone star, which now beams upon us from
the far South, through mists of mingled hope and
doubt, soon soar aloft and take its appropriate posi-
tion in our bright constellation, there to shine equally
bright with the rest, where all, reciprocally giving
and receiving light, will blend their lays, and make
us, in harmony and prospex'ity, forever one of many.
SPEECH OF MR. WOODBURY,
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,
In the Senate, February 17,1845—On the joint resolu-
tion for the admission of Texas as a State into
the Union.
Mr. President: I regret extremely that the res-
olution before you has been opposed with such
earnestness by the report of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and the speeches of the two distin-
guished senators from Kentucky and Virginia. Un-
der existing circumstances, this is very unfor-
tunate, because harmony between the two Houses
is always desirable, and more especially on ques-
tions like this of great national magnitude; yet the
annexation of Texas in the form now proposed has
received the sanction of a decided majority m the
popular branch of the government, fresh from the
the people, and fresh with virtual instructions,
after an appeal to their opinion, and a triumphant
verdict rendered on this appeal. After this, that
the measure should be assailed, not merely as un-
constitutional but as inexpedient, is, I confess, cal-
culated to excite some surprise.
Let me not be misundersood, however. I
claim no immunity to the measure from fearless
scrutiny or amendment or rejection for these reas-
ons; but only that such expressions of opinion, from
such quarters, furnish strong presumption in its fa-
vor. If the objections made shall prove, on full ex-
amination, to be well founded, I am among the last
to support the resolution. I stand in this case on
no mere party ground, but on the constitution and
my country—both as dear to me as to any gentleman
on the other side. Similar, without doubt, are the
views of my political friends; and we are all
wronged when charged with supporting the reso-
lution as a high-handed measure of party supremacy.
It would stand or fall with the whole of us accord-
ing to its merits. Let it not be understood either,
as was intimated in the report of the Committe on
Foreign Relations, that this was an attempt to ap-
propriate to ourselves the lands of a weak and unof-
fending neighbor, without his consent, by a sort of
piratical seizure. No such attempt was contem-
plated by any of the friends of the measure.
It was also insisuated against them that, by a
temporary, fleeting majority—by the unlimited power of
a legislative majority, fas aut nefas, we were attempt-
ing to regain possession of Texas. All this I repel
in the outset—repel all such inferences, all such
imputations. I yield to no one in courtesy as to mo-
tives, charging none with opposition to this measure
on party grounds; nor can I allow any such
grounds to be attributed to us without repeiline
them.
What! seizing upon the lands of an unoffending
neighbor, because it is weak, when this resolution
merely expresses our assent to that neighbor coming
into the Union, and co-operating with us in the
great business of self-government; and when, under
this constitution, which had been in existence fifty
years, without stain or reproach, we had never
seized upon a foot of land belonging to any neigh-
bor, or any remote government; had never, by
felonious violence, taken a particle of property of
that description upon any of the many occasions
which had occurred to tempt such cupidity, if it ex-
isted! When they had it in their power to obtain
by seizure distant islands and distant provinces, they
forbore; they disdained to make use of that power.
They wished for no acquisition of that sort. So
we desired no fraternization, unless with those pow-
ers which wished to fraternize with us, and partake
of our institutions, unless they could be connected
by the free principles of our government—not taken
by force or fraud. When gentlemen talked about
Patagonia and the Celestial Empire coming into
this Union, as he had heard suggested more than
once, let them look back into our constitutional his-
tory, and see if it is possible for this government to
embrace any nation, unless that nation be willing ta
come in and adopt our republican institutions, and
are conquered not by our swords, but by our liberal
example and systems of equal rights, ennobling
liberties, and well-regulated laws. We must thus
affiliate together—they with us and we with them—
before a single step for amalgamation is likely to be
taken on either side, however much gentlemen may
appear to apprehend so many kinds of heterogeneous
mixtures.
And from whom abroad come the taunts and
libels that we are aggrandising ourselves at the ex-
pense of great principles of national law, and in vio-
lation of the rights of neighboring countries? From
a nation from whom we had never, since our inde-
pendence, obtained a foot'of property—from a na-
tion which had seized upon lands, provinces,* and
regions of country in every quarter of the habitable
globe and that had dotted over the map of
the world with her forts to oppress, as we
have with light-houses on our coasts, to piotect
and to save. When Poland was partitioned—when
Affghamstan was seized upon, or Scinde—that was
only a nine days' wonder, and no official complaint,
no interference, was beard from us; but when we
merely express our assent, (as the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchanan] had said,) when we
merely consent that another country may unite with
us in government—and that country formed of one
hundred thousand of our brethren, our kith and kin,
men who had worshipped at the same altars with
us, who had been educated at the same schools, and
trained up to the same republican principles, who
had fought with us at New Orleans and Chippewa
—when we merely consent that they may come into
our Union and particiate in the blessings of our in-
stitution,—one would suppose that the elements of
our republic were to melt with fervent heat and
chaos revisit, the earth.
Nor was there any superiority ill efforts to abide
by honest convictions of what was right or consti-
tutional, in respect to this measure, among its foes
rather than friends, or in the eastern or middle States
over the South and West. Honest purposes belong
to all, without doubt; and some of us, who were
born with the constitution, have no wish to sur-
vive it.
What, then, were these considerations as to ex-
pediency, and what were they as to constitutional
rights? Had we not travelled over this whole sub-
ject of expediency at a former session? had it not
gone out to the world? had not the whole nation
been agitated by it during the recent presidential
canvass? and was it not as well undeistood now as
it could be by a year's further discussion' Afier
all this, would gentlemen stand here and deny the
general expediency of a measure of this kind—the
expediency of sustaining the general defence of (hi *
country, by uniting with a people in our neighbor-
hood, who ask the liberty to become incorporated
with us, and enter into our measures for self-pro-
tection and self-defence? Our fatheis settled, in the
old Congress, the great question, after long debate,
that our people should have free access to cross the
Alleghanies, and should enjoy the undisputed navi-
gation of the Mississippi. We felt ourselves bound,
therefore, to defend its outlet. They and we held
it a duty to carry out the provisions of the con-
stitution in maintaining the domestic tranquillity of
the Union, and in maintaining the property and in-
stitutions of the States, as protected by that instru-
ment. Nor was the obligation in the least varied,
whether the property and rights of our citizens ex-
isted on the savannas of the South or on the bound-
less prairies of the Far West. Some of the oppo-
nents of annexation, so far from entertaining this
view, which was held by the revolutionary fathers,
had not spared to assail the constitution itself, and
to denominate it a "league with hell" and "a cove-
nant with death;" but the friends of this measure
one and all, held that, so long as the constitutum
lived, the government was bound to protect the
property of all our citizens. In like manner, it was
bound to guard the safety of our frontier from the
