234
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Peb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
■Annexation of Texas—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate,.
attacks of savage Indian tribes. We had collected
into one great mass the remnants of that in-
jured and vindictive people; and ought we not to
embrace an opportunity like this to get possession
of a region of country the possession of which
would give quietness and security to the cabins of
our western settlers from the tomahawk and the
torch?
I pass by the encouragement it would confer on
our navigation—our agriculture—our manufactures,
in a new market, larger, in ten years to come, than
the whole beyond the mountains was when this
government began. I pass by all these considera-
tions in _ order to approach the true and great
question in the matter, whether the proposed meas-
ure is in conformity with the constitution.
Before entering on that, however, I ought to
advert to an objection which had been urged on
grounds of expediency to the form of this joint reso-
lution. Gentlemen contended that it might have been
put in a better form, because, as it now stood, it asked
for the assent of the people of Texas to a future di-
vision of her territory into States. I have no doubt
that gentlemen thought so; but I must take the
liberty to tell them that it they admitted Texas as
a sovereign State, it was as proper to ask her assent
to the division of her territory, as it was that of
Virginia or New York to the division of their terri-
tory. If we brought in Texas as a State, did she
not enter the Union as a free and equal sister? Let
it not be said that, if we soreceived her, she never
would consent to divide her territory. Had not
the great States of our own Union consented to di-
vide theirs? Had not Virginia consented to lay off
the State of Kentucky? - Had not North Carolina
consented to lay off. Tennessee? Had not Massa-
chusetts consented to the division of Maine? And
had not Georgia divided off her large western terri-
tory, which now formed Alabama and Mississippi?
Were not the people of those States rational beings?
So were the people of Texas: and what the one had
done with so much freedom the other might be ex-
pected to do whenever proper. It had been said fur-
ther in objection, that the Texian public lands and
the Indian affairs of Texas could not be as well man-
aged by the State as by government of the Uni-
ted States; and I am ready to assent that it
would be more convenient in the hands of the
latter. But the plan had a great countervail-
ing benefit, which gentlemen ought not to for-
get. This resolution got entirely rid of the difficulty
of the assumption of the Texian debt. This, it
would be remembered, had been one fruitful source
of objection to the treaty formerly submitted. With
that feature the measure never could have received
the assent of the other House, or, even if it had,
it probably never could have met the approbation of
the community. It was next objected, that the resolu-
tion proposed to take away from Texas her custom-
houses—one means of paying her debts. It did so
propose, and, as I think, very properly; but
it left her her public lands; and if even a fourth
part of them remained unsold, they alone would be
sufficient, and more than sufficient, to pay all her
obligations. As soon as the union should be effected
the price of these lands would immediately rise; and
as the tide of emigration poured into that quarter
those prices would be sustained, and would soon
raise enough to provide for her public debt. No in-
justice, therefore, would be done to the creditors of
'Texas if enough of her public property was left be-
hind to pay them. All gentlemen acquainted with
the law knew the soundness of this principle in pri-
vate transactions, and it applied with equal force to
a. public debt.
But it was said also that a joint resolution of this
kind was not respectful to Texas. If this were
the first communication proposed to be made to her
by this government, there might possibly be some-
thing in the objection; but had we not been negotia-
ting with her for years? Did her people know
nothing about this matter, and had they done nothing
about "it, when they voted, at the very adoption of
their constitution, for a union with us? To adopt
the resolution would, therefore, seem to be perfectly
respectful to Texas, and much more so, than a dif-
ferent course would be to our own House of Rep-
resentatives, who had sanctioned this so strongly*
But the great question to be decided was, whether
the act proposed was constitutional in its character.
Now, if 1 understand the positions taken by gen-
tlemen on the other side, the first was that Congress
cannot admit new States formed out of territory not
before within the Union. And another branch of
the objection still more serious was, that Congress
could not admit a new State unless it was formed
out of territoiy which had been in the Union in
1789.
[Mr. Archer here interposed and said- that the
gentleman was correct in his statement as to the
first branch of the objection, but not so as to the
second. No such position was' to be found in the
report of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.]
I will show presently that the opponents of the
measure hold both doctrines. The friends of the
resolution maintained that Congress could admit
new States, whether the territory out of which they
were formed ever had previously been in the Union
or not. On what reasons did gentlemen on the
other side rely? Their doctrine was, that the treaty-
making power only could acquire foreign territory.
The friends of the resolution said that Congress
could organize States in what had been foreign ter-
ritory, whether acquired by the treaty-making
power or by legislation. They denied that a treaty
was indispensable. Again, as to the grounds of
these positions. The opponents of the resolution
relied entirely on construction and implication, and
on nothing else. Its friends relied on the simple
letter of the constitution, plain, and in accordance
with its spirit, without any implication or forced
construction in the matter: The constitution said
that new Stales may be admitted by the Congress into
the Union. And what were States? Did not a State
consist of lands and people? The clause then meant
the new lands and people may be admitted into the
Union. Gentlemen denied this, and insisted that
before we could admit a State we must interpolate
a requirement to go to a foreign government by
means of the treaty power, and thus buy the ter-
ritory out of which it was to be formed. How
must these conflicting views strike the country in
respect to principle? The friends of the meas-
ure on his side of the House stood now
just where they had always stood. They supported
the constitution in its express grants of power;
while gentlemen on the other side relied upon con-
struction and implication for destroying one of these
express grants. We go for the plain common-sense
moaning of words, while you resort to refinements
and subtelties. Mr. W. had often heard of the con-
stitution being construed for the purpose of enlarg-
ing the boundaries of power which it granted; but
this was the first time in his life that he had wit-
nessed are3ort to the power of construction to batter
down express grants by the force of authority^ con-
jured into existence by implication. He and his as-
sociates had ever stood up for the rights of the peo-
ple and the rights of the States, against the claims of
executive usurpation founded on mere constructions
of the constitution; while those on the other side of
the House had been more rioted for their attachment
to executive power, and their adroitness in constru-
ing away the letter of the constitution. The real
contest here was between the power of Congress
and the power of the President. But the senator
from Virginia [Mr. Rives] had represented it as a
contest between the Senate and the House of Repre-
sentatives. To listen to the language of gentle-
men, one would think that the power to make a
treaty was in the Senate. This was not so. The
Senate originated no treaty; it was in the President,
with the advice and the concurrence of the Senate.
Look at the appointing power—who made the ap-
pointments under this government? The Senate?
Not at all. The appointments were made by the
President, though the Senate was required to ap-
prove them, their concurrence being resorted to only
for greater security. All these were executive
powers; and the real contest here was, whether the
arm of executive power at the other end of the
avenue should by mere construction be suffered to
defeat the power of the legislative department.
Senatorial jealousy need not be excited, as this j
body was to act whether territory be- admitted by j
treaty or by Congress. And I, for one, would
scorn to seek to obtain a power in the first case by
mere construction, in order to destroy an express
power m the other case, given by the people and
the States to the more immediate representatives of
the former.
I will treat the arguments of gentlemen on the
other side with fairness. I will meet them in the
teeth, and not dodge or flinch from any position.
They insisted that the constitution had confided the
treaty-making power to the President of the United
States, with the advice and consent of two-thirds of
the Senate. Very well: had this ever been denied
by us? Gentlemen were fighting with windmills.
He (Mr. W.) and his friends had never denied.it. ^
He had before him the famous resolution of Mr.
Madison in 1796. These had ever been the guide
of the party no which he belonged; and they were
so now. He Would take the liberty of reading a
parti
"Resolved, That it being declared by the-second section of
the second article of the constitution 'that the President
shall have power, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to make treaties, provided two-thirds ofthe senators
present concur,' the House of Representatives does not
claim any agency in making treaties,"See.
Gentlemen said that the House of Representatives
could not ratify a treaty; and who denied that? The
friends of annexation left the ratification or rejection
to the Senate. But next it was insisted that the
treaty which the Senate had refused to ratify was
sent to the House. I will retaind you of an im-
portant difference between the treaty as submitted to
the Senate, and the joint resolution now proposed
for adoption. It was by the treaty proposed to annex
Texas as a Territory, now it was proposed to ad-
mit Texas as a State. It never had been proposed
to admit a State by the treaty power. The treaty
was to obtain it as a Territory; and even then it was
held that, if we got the territory first, still the State
must be admitted by Congress; and Congress alone.
We did not now undertake to ratify a treaty. The
treaty had been repudiated and its subject matter,
the getting of Texas merely as a Territory. The
Senate was now asked to act with the House under"
another and a substantive power in the constitution.
Last session they had been invoked to act under
the treaty-making power alone, and its incidents.
This was the broad distinction. The gentleman
from Virginia, therefore, took nothing by saying
that the House of Representatives could not ratify
a treaty. The power now to be exercised was dif-
ferent m essence as well as'in form. But why did
he not tell us what topics the treaty power was ex-
pressed, in the constitution, to act on? I would ask
this question: Could the treaty-making power by
mere implication take away from Congress an ex-
press grant made to Congress alone in the constitu-
tion? I would appeal to the gentleman from Virgin-
ia [Mr, Archer] what express grant the constitu-
tion contained to the treaty-making power either to
buy territory or admit States? The gentleman could
show none, while we could show such a one to Con-
gress to admit States. Thus the attempt is made,
, indirectly and stealthily, to strip Congress of this
express grant, in a class of cases which come plainly
within its language, and, as will be'shown ere long,
within its spirit also.
The report objects to this clause being considered as
conferring such largeauthority because it is so short—
it is in so few words. Let me ask the honorable chair-
man of the committee, [Mr. Archer,] how long is the
section which rives the treaty-making power to the
President' and how many express grants are there in
that clause? It was before him. "The President
shall have power, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to make treaties." Just two
and a half lines! Where was the express grant in it
to bring in a State, or even a Territory? Upon what
did he found that authority? This merely con-
ferred the power to make treaties. But treaties up-
on what? That was the question. On looking into
the report, he saw that, after wandering over the
whole constitution, no express object was specified,
and a mere inference was that this power could be
exercised upon all matters connected with "the gen-
eral welfare." Only let us make treaties on what con-
cerns the general welfare, and that whole clause,
which has been known from the foundation of the
government as a nose of wax, would be construed
to give a power to do anything by a treaty for the
general welfare! But, again: it happens, unfortu-
nately, that the clause in relation to the general wel-
fare is a power given to Congress, and not to the
President and the Senate. "Congress shall have
power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts,
and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the
common defence and general welfare of the United
States." If any inference can be drawn from that,
it is an inference in favor of the power of Congress;
whereas, on the other side, they have drawn an in-
ference in favor of the grant of the power to the
President and the Senate. So far from there being
any ground for objection against this express grant
to admit new States, because it was embraced in so
short a space, he must tell the honorable chairman
of the committee that his report covered double,
treble the space of the whole. constitution itself, and
that many of the most important grants in this in-
strument are in three or four words.
To declare war was one .of them, a most moment-
