238
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Martlv 184,5.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Navy Appropriation Bill—Mr. Wright.
H. of Reps.
rupfion, or other sinister influences? uCasarmih
a Senate at his keels 9n orthey, checked by a numer-
ous body of representatives, fresh from the people?
ft is, likewise, strange that any of the South should
engage in this kind of reasoning against a measure
so favorable to the security of their own peculiar in-
terests. Our opponents talk about uniting with St.
.Domingo. Who .-wished to fraternize with St. Do-
mingo? Who avowed opinions which run in that
channel, and abolished the laws against intermar-
riages between blacks and whites? Not the friends of
the resolution. The great advocates of such amal-
gamation were among those opposed to us—some
with whom it seemed "madness ruled the hour."
What party in this country has always railed
most at the compromises in the constitution, giving
in this respect some stable protection to certain
great interests in the South? If any one doubts, let
him read, among numerous other evidences, the very
first and foremost resolution of the Hartford con-
vention now before me, and which formally pro-
poses an entire abolition of the slave representation
jn Congress; and in which convention Massachu-
setts, as a State, was represented as fully and de-
liberately through her legislature as she is now in
this chamber.
But more than all this. Who now were they
that wanted to abolish the constitution? The friends
ofTexas? No$ some of those who were on the
other side of the question. It was among them that
the constitution was ealled a league faith hell. It
was they who insisted that the constitution itself
ought to be abolished as soon as possible. He
would read, for the benefit of southern gentlemen
opposed to Texas, a little of the language of one of
their friends in this case, and co-laborers:
Mr. Evans. What paper is it?
Mr. Woodbury. It is the Liberator—the
highest authority of some of the opponents of an-
nexation.
Mr. Dayton. We do not recognise that au-
thority to speak for us.
Mr. Woodbury. But do you refuse their co-
operation?
Speaking of the statement of Mr. Hubbard, the
agent of the governor of Massachusetts to Louis-
iana, the editor says it demonstrates "what we
have reiterated so long and so often, that free-
men and slaveholders can never coalesce under the
same government, but must be in eternal collision
with each other; and therefore that none but the be-
trayers of liberty will be in favor of striking hands
politically with southern slaveholders, or remaining
with them one hour in any union or compact.
They are a race of monsters, unique, horribly distinct
from all others, and more unappeasable, as a body, than
hyenas."
He knew that there were other gentlemen as
much opposed to the measure who were constitu-
tional lawyers. He brought no railing accusation
against them; yet it was certain that, in this mat-
ter of annexation, they and such men as Garrison,
the editor of the Liberator, acted together. Gentle-
men raised the outcry about disunion on account of
annexation; while people by their side, acting with
them against Texas, were openly for disunion on
other grounds as well as that—were in favor of
burying this Capitol in ruins, and all the emblems
and evidences of our confederation, and causing the
ploughshare of a wild fanaticism to pass over the
seat of this federal government, and, as such a gov-
ernment, lea\e the spot where its foundations were
laid as desolate a Nineveh or Palmyra. Surely it
was things like these that should be rebuked and
scouted, and put down. When he said put down,
he meant by argument only; for he thanked God
that in this country the opinions of men were not
to be put down by any other force, however wild or
disorganizing.
Gentlemen talked about the stability of our gov-
ernment being tndangered by this measure, Had
it been rendered unstable by the admission of Louis-
iana and Flotida against all the wishes and remon-
strances of Massachusetts? Or did it not stand
firmer from that extension of our boundaries? Had
we ever brought in any State or people by force?
Had any one ever come into our Union unwillingly?
State after State had come, yet what revolution had
taken place in half a century of our history? Could
the governments of Europe say as much? Within
that tract of time Catholic emancipation, and the ex-
tension of representation and suffrage, and other
great questions of a kindred nature had made vast
inroads into the government of Great Britain.
France had quite changed her government, and had
become first a democracy, then an empire, and then
a kingdom under a citizen king. Spain had again
and again been revolutionized and drenched in
blood; and in Mexico we heard of a new govern-
ment by almost every mail; and yet gentlemen
talked about instability here, and the danger of rev-
olution here! All we asked was to quietly unite
with the people near us who desired to link their
fortunes with ours.
Mr. W. observed, in conclusion, that a great ar-
gument in favor of passing this act now was the
avoidance of political excitement and turmoil, which
was already inflaming the public mind, and enter-
ing one of the legislatures in the Union, to the ex-
tent of denunciatory resolutions, some of which he
had read. • If gentlemen wanted to quench this
flame before it spread further, let them immediately
act on this proposition.
Delay, also, not only tempted to agitation at
home, but endangered our gallant neighbors by ma-
rauding invasions from Mexico and by foreign in-
trigues and foreign alliances as fatal to our future
interests as to hers.*
Nor was procrastination necessary for any other
legitimate object. Texas herself was ready; her
assent had been given at the very adoption of her
constitution; it had been repeated since by her exec-
utive government. They were a people trained in
the principles of our system. They were not
such as the population of Louisiana had once
been, but consisted in a large proportion of our own
citizens. They had no idea of coming into the
Union as a Territory, as it had once been proposed
the people of Louisiana should do, and remain a Ter-
ritory forever. It had actually been proposed to
keep these people within our limits as a sort of white
slaves, and worse than Roman colonization and con-
quests, never to be admitted to an equality with our-
selves, and the blessings of self-government. But
the Texians desired to come in as a State, and to
stand on the'same footing with the other sovereign
States of this confederacy. They were a people
who worshipped like ourselves; and held the same
faith; possessed the same feelings and habits; spoke
the same language; held m general the same princi-
ples, and admired and venerated the same pure pat-
riots of the revolution. They had among them their
chivalrous Lamars and their gallant Houstons—men
who had fought our battles, risked their lives, and
spilled their blood in a kindred cause.
Were Zenophon and the ten thousand Greeks,
after penetrating into the heart of Asia, unworthy to
associate again politically with the Spartans and
Athenians?
There are many more points for argument, and
numerous illustrations, which I should like to refer
to, if time permitted. ["Go on, go on," said several
senators.] No, sir. Our few days left of the ses-
sion are precious. Enough has already been said
to show the resolution to be not only expedient, but
constitutional, and its passage to be desirable at the
earliest day practicable.
There is another consideration connected with
this deserving a minutes notice. I am free to
confess that a wish of my heart oo-operates
with my sense of duty on this subject. There
dwells at this moment in the shades of the
Hermitage, an aged and hallowed veteran in his
country's service, whose lamp of life is fast burning
out, while we tarry. He looks anxiously to this
great consummation of his patriotic hopes. Confi-
dently do I trust it may not be his lot to pass "that
bourne whence no traveller returns," till his waiting
eyes behold the lone star of Texas mingling its light
with that bright galaxy which adorns the glorious
flag of our Union.
NOTE.
When treating of the objection to the admission of Texas
—that it evinced a spirit of aggrandizement, it was intended
to he stated that the annexation of that country was no new
ambitious design but a mere restoration of whet was claim-
ed to be ours, not only in 1819, (as fully proved to be cor-
rect at the last session from various sources, and as we con-
tended, was ours for sixteen years, and then relinquished to
Spain,) but was claimed as ours as early as 1903, in the very
year Louisiana was purchased. It was claimed, also, so as to
cover the whole extent now included by the Texian laws,
«By the last arrival from Europe, the Siecle of Paris has
this notice:
"It is said that England was disposed, for the sake of M.
Guizot, to make some concession* relative to the right of
search, on condition that our cabinet should join that of
London to obtain a European declaration against the an-
nexation of Texas to the United States: mother words, on
condition that France should eventually make common
cause with England against the American Union.''
and ceded by Santa Anna in 1836, quite on the west from
the mouth to the source of the Dei Norte, and claimed by
a statesman singularly accurate in all his geographical data.
It is curious, also, that in debate, at that eaily day, three
years before the secret resolves in the House of Representa-
tives, to exchange all west of the sources of the Mississippi
for Florida—was flung out that very idea by Mr John Ran*
dolph—an idea which has been since so severely censured,
and created so many, heart-burnings. These were his
words:
- From the National Intelligencer, November 21,1803.
"He asked if the country west of the Mississippi were not
valuable, according to the gentleman's own statement,
since it afforded the means of acquiring Florida, which he
prized so highly, from Spain. He had no doubt of the read-
mess of that po.wer to relinquish Florida, in itself a dead ex-
pense to her—only valuable as an outwork to her other
possessions, and now insulated by those of the United
States—for a very small portion of the country which we
claimed in virtue of the treaty under discussion. He said
that he stated early in the debate, and had stated truly, that
the limits of Louisiana were not accurately defined; but,
nevertheless, we were not without some light on this in-
teresting subject. Thirty years before the Spaniards made
their settlement of the Adais, the French had established
themselves on the bay of St. Bernard, or St. Louis: the near-
est Spanish colony being then on the river Panuco, 100
leagues to the vest. The %reat ticer of the North as nearly
equi-distant between the Panuco and bay of St. Bernardwas,
on the principle generally admitted by European nations
forming establishments m savage countries, considered by
France as the boundary between French and Spanish Amer-
ica; and, accordingly, we find it so laid down in many oj the
old maps. This boundary would embrace within the limits
of Louisiana some very valuable dominions of Spain, inclu-
ding the rich mines of St. Barbe, and the city of Santa Fe, the
capitol of New Mexico. On the other hand, in virtue of her
settlement of the Adais, Spain might claim the country as
lar east as the river Mexicana, and to the highlands dividing
the waters of the North river from those of the Mississipgj,
Beyond them she could have no color of claim. In settling
this important harrier there were ample materials for till
acquisition of Florida, still retaining to ourselves all the
country watered by the Mississippi"
REMARKS OF MR. WRIGHT,
OF INDIANA.
In the House of Representatives, March 3, 1845—In
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on the navy appropriation bill.
Mr. Chairman: I have looked into the statistics
of England, to see upon what articles she collects
her immense revenue, and I find, by a report made
by Mr Hume, in 1840, that she collects her revenue
from imposts upon the following articles:
The net produce o( the revenue of the customs (inwards) of
Great Britain, for the year ending 5th Jan- -
uary, 1840, amounted to £20,956,551
Ditto ditto of Ireland • 2,006.059
Total £22,962.610
Of the above revenue, there is levied on 146
articles ...... £22,881,850
On all tariffed and enumerated, and on all
other unenumerated articles -
Total 
On the following 10 leading articles of import-
ation, the revenue levied m the year ending
6th January, 1840, was—
1. Sugars and molasses - - - £4,826,91".
2. Tea  3,658,76?.
3. Spirits 2,615,413.
4. Wine ...... 1,849,308
6- Tobacco ... . 3,495,686
6. Coffee and cocoa .... 794,818
7. Fruits of all kins .... 462,002
8. Timber and dye woods - - - 1 668,584
9. Corn, grain, meal, and rice - - - 1,131,075
10. Provisions (including bacon, hams, butter,
eggs, ) - - - 368,560
Total
- £20,871,136
It will be seen from this table, that on ten articles
of prime necessity, used by the mass of her popu-
lation, (and the most of them taxed for revenue
without regard to protection,) that these ten articles
produces more than ninety millions of revenue out
of a hundred millions! This has not always been
so; but the effect of high duties in England—her
contest with France during the last fifty years, in a
war with the restrictive system—has been to throw
the taxes of the country upon her labor, and to ex-
empt capital from taxation; and she has reached
that point, that more than two-thirds of her revenue
from customs is raised upon articles consumed by
her laboring millions, while her overgrown capitalist
is exempt from taxation.
Such will be the effect of high duties in this coun-
try. During the last thirty years there has been a
gradual increase of the amount of duties collected
on articles of prime necessity, and a decrease, in
proportion to the amount received, of the duties
collected on what are denominated articles of luxu-
ry, I have had made out, at the Treasury Depart-
