242
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
River and Harbor Bill—Mr. Murphy.
H. of.Reps.
Surely our right is as good as theirs to meddle in
the Texas controversy.
All right-minded foreigners must at last acknowl-
edge the right, the policy, and the destiny of these
United States to resume the great cotton and sugar
region which we fairly and peaceably once owned.
I have reason to believe—and now I speak as chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs—that this
acknowledgment is fast spreading throughout Eu-
rope; and that, notwithstanding the hectoring tone
of the English press, together with the truckling of
some of our own to it; the opinion has rapidly ad-
vanced that Mr. Calhoun's argument of the Texas
as a commercial question is unanswerable. Wheth-
er Great Britain or this country shall supply the
world with the great means of commercial power—
that is the whole question, slavery and all included.
Cotton and sugar are the apples of discord which, if
we firmly hold what we have, will not only never
provoke war, but will best prevent it.
Great Britain has now more land in North Ameri-
ca than the United States have. The United States
are by far her best CLmmercial customer. Suppose
the foreign commerce of England to consist of one
thousand parts: this country takes and pays for one
hundred and eighty-one of those parts, which is
eighty moie than her next best customer. Germa-
ny comes next, taking one hundred and one of the
thousand—Germany, who desires to take less from
England and more from us. British Asia takes but
seventy-four parts—less than half of what we take.
British America only forty-six—scarcely a fourth
of ours. The British West Indies take sixty-nine
parts; Italy and Holland each sixty; Brazil fifty-five;
Russia thirty-seven. About half of our exports are
to England—a large part of them to one of her
ports. At Liverpool, through national sympathies,
colonial habits, the greater facilities of British capi-
tal, notwithstanding the enormous charges of British
agency, we absurdly place in denot the American
products which might be better warehoused at
Havre, Trieste, Antwerp, Smyrna, and other marts.
Yet is Great Britain exclusive and jealous of us.
She wants more of us. She, forsooth, accuses us of
restless ambition, unprincipled aggrandizement.
Maine, Texas, Oregon—she wants them all, and
California, too. Like the gambler who packed the
cards, she declares there is cheating at the table.
She is insatiate in commercial rapacity.
At ieaM and at last, however, we have the com-
fort of perceiving that she is not sudden in quarrel
or quick to combat.
'■Willing to wound, hut yet afraid to strike."
And why afraid? Why does the magnificent em-
pire of Great Britain withhold her blow and conde-
scend to protest, to intrigue, to call on her old French
enemy for hflp? The cause is cotton. Cotton bags
effectually save Texas, as in 1815 they rescued Or-
leans. Franklin, eighty years ago, told a relative of
mine, when coming home from England, just before
the revolution, but after the stamp act, to advise his
countrymen to get children as fast as possible for the
coming conflict. Twenty millions, of free people
already prove that his provident injunction was not
disregarded. They have founded an empire on the
pursuits of peace, the adventures of commerce, the
culture of vast territories. This is their destiny,
which Great Britain cannot prevent, nor France with
her. But even the twenty millions, always armed
and ready for action, are not so formidable to Eng-
land as the cotton with which their slaves clothe the
world, and extend commerce—that of England, as
1 have shown, in a few years to more than twice its
former magnitude. Let us, too, develop that pro-
digious element of wealth and refinement. Let us
recur with earnest devotion to the primary object of
our national Union, and worship that sun which
sheds select influences oil golden days of commer-
cial prosperity. Let us hold fast to cotton and su-
gar, however raised, a  indestructible bonds of peace
and pledges of national welfare.
This, as I began by saying, is no party question.
If that brilliant and commanding statesman, defeated
m the late presidential contest, which never drew
from me one word of linn that might not have been
said to him —if Mr. Clay had succeeded, I believe
that the views of commerce, of Texas, and Ore-
gon, which I have submitted, would have met his
approbation. I have endeavored to impress them
on the gentleman who is to be our chief magistrate;
and take this the most effectual method of enforcing
them on his consideration.
On some other .occasion I reserve to myself the
attempt to show that foreign commerce is no enemy
to domestic manufactures. Far from it; just the
contrary. I am a humble advocate of the protective
policy. If its opponents in the South and West
perceive that cotton and coal, and flesh, and lumber,
and rice, lead, and sugar, tobacco and grain, may
be more extensively exported to Eurofe, Asia, Af-
rica, and South America, that will not prejudice
them against an impost sufficient to protect our
own industry. If northern and eastern adherents of
it discover that freer trade with Germany, China,
and perhaps other countries, calls for more of our
yarns, cloths, and other fabrications, some of their
objections to free trade, properly understood, may
be obviated.
SPEECH OF MR. MURPHY,
of new york,
In, the House of Representatives, February 26, 1845—
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on the bill making appropriations for the
improvement of the navigation of certain rivers
therein mentioned.
Mr. MURPHY said that he could not sanction
all the provisions of the bill under consideration.
Some of them were based upon principles which,
if carried out to the full extent of their application,
would lead to the most, disastrous results, and ulti-
mately to the ruin of the country. There were two
checks—the constitution and the state of the treas-
ury—which should be observed. He did not wish,
however, to be misunderstood. Indiscriminate op-
position to appropriations for internal improvements
lie did not make. There were cases in which, ac-
cording to his reading of the constitution, and that
strict construction which he professed to give that
instrument in his action here, he could, and would
most cheerfully, vote for a liberal expenditure out
of the treasury. But (he said) he did not rise for
the purpose of discussing the merits of the bill;
following the example which had been set him by
the honorable member from North Carolina, [Mr.
Rayner,] who had just taken his seat, he intended,
in this Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to consider the state of the Union generally,
and particularly some remarks which had fallen
from another honorable member from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Cungman.] He was compelled, to this
course, from the fact that when the resolutions fcr
the admission of Texas were under discussion in
this committee, that gentleman had thought prop-
er to allude to the Empire State, and to his district of
it, in a manner to demand reply; and because he
(Mr. M.) had been denied the privilege of contra-
diction at the time by the refusal of that gentleman
to yield the floor. No other opportunity than this
had since offered. And as the gentleman had
thought proper to speak of frauds upon the natural-
ization laws, he should embrace this occasion to give,
also, his views upon another topic—native Ameri-
canism.
It was well known to the House that, during the
late election, a new test in the choice of its members
was for the first time introduced into the canvass,
looking to such an alteration of our naturalization
laws, and such a course of political action in regard
to those who might flee from other governments to
the protection of our own, as virtually to exclude
them both from the right of suffrage and of holding
office; and that certain members of that body—can-
didates for re-election, of whom he (Mr. M ) was
one—had, in consequence of it, been returned to
that "post of honor"—"the private station." Since
then, petitions had come up here asking for the ex-
tension of the term of residence to entitle aliens to
naturalization, from five to twenty-one years.
He did not wish to be understood as feeling any
regret at the result of the election, so far as he him-
self was concerned: far from it. If there was one
virtue in democracy more noble than any other, in
his estimation, it was that which is shown in a re-
spectful submission to the will of a majority of the
people; and he felt more satisfaction in being de-
feated in consequence of his opposition to these
new doctrines, than he would to have been the suc-
cessful candidate of their advocates; because the
cause in which he was defeated was that of the op-
pressed of all mankind against bigotry, selfishness,
and grovelling prejudice. He referred to the cir-
cumstances connected with himself individually,
simply for the purpose of placing before the com-
mittee one, of the reasons for the extended notice
which he would give the subject. He would add
that he felt the more free to speak, as he should, of
this new movement, because an ative-born American;
and, educated in the Protestant faith himself, his
prejudices would naturally "be against those ,who
were the subject of its application.
The honorable member from North Carolina,
[Mr. Cungman,] who appears to have taken " the
last presidential election into his especial charge,
commenced his remarks in regard to that, election
in the State of New York, by stating, that during
the past year, not less than 7,0J)0 foreigners were
naturalized there; and that of this* number, a great-
proportion, not having been five years in the coun-
try, could not have been legally naturalized, and
thoir votes, therefore, when given, were illegal. I
know not, (said Mr. M.) the gentleman's authority
for that statement. He certainly could not have
made it on his own knowledge; for he doubtless was
at the time engaged in electioneering for his favorite
candidate, Mr. Clay, among his constituents, with
whom his services were, I should judge, much
needed; for 1 learn from your last census returns,
that more than one-fourth of the free white people,
over twenty years of age, in his district, which in-
cludes the famous Buncombe, are not able to read
or write; and therefore depend upon stump oratory
for their political information. But be his authority
what it may, I pronounce the statement a slander
upon the courts of justice of my State, and upon
that class of its citizens who were naturalized and
voted at the late election. The judicial ermine in
New York is as unspotted as that of North Car-
olina. The electors as are legally so as those of Bun-
combe.
It might be unkind to disturb the complacency
with which the honorable member himself made,
and his friends on the same side of the House re-
ceived, his remarks, or to deprive him and them of
the consolation which the statements palmed off
upon him appeared to afford them. It is one of
the privileges of his party to indulge in such
fancies as it may conjure up to account for its
defeats. It had been so often defeated as to have
acquired a peculiar merit in that way. I will,
therefore, consider the remarks of the honora-
ble member as the ebullition of political
spleen and disappointment, natural to the
patty to which he is attached, and as the only com-
fort" which is left them. It is certainly amusing to
hear from that party the cry of fraud and of double
voting. Has the honorable gentleman forgotten the
abominable frauds of the whig party in New York
in 1838? • Has he forgotten the combinations be-
tween his friends in Philadelphia and New York,
led on by Bela Badger, by which the people of New
York were cheated in the election of that year?
Has he forgotten the frauds of the whig party in
1840, so fully exposed at the last session of Congress
by the honorable member from Ohio, [Mr. Dun-
can?] It would be an insult to his "intelligence to
suppose that he has not learned these facts.
The honorable member spoke of the immense
number of documents sent to the State of New York
by individuals at Washington during the last cam-
paign; of the efforts of the abolitionists there, and of
other combinations to defeat Mr. Clay in that State.
Any one at all acquainted with the true facts of the
case would suppose that he was indulging in irony
at the expense of his party. Does he not know that
two honorable members of this House from the State
of Kentucky were engaged, the one or the other of
them, in this city during the whole of the recess of
Congress, in franking whig documents all over the
country? Does he not know that a minister pleni-
potentiary, in-the person of a relative of Mr. Clay,
was sent to New York to woo the abolitionists to
his cause? Does he hot know that an honorable
senator hurried on to the North to make terms with
the native American party for Mr. Clay? Does he
not know that the whig party in the State of New
York even sought to combine with those individ-
uals who have been seeking to relieve themselves
from the payment of rent, known as anti-renters?
I repeat, I should pay an ill compliment to his intel-
ligence if I supposed him ignorant of these facts. 1
must therefore believe that he has been 1 seeking to
reprimand his party by allusions which must forci-
bly have brought these circumstances to their minds.
The honorable member also referred to particular
frauds alleged to have been practised in the city of
New York: and among others, stated that it could
be proved that certain persons had voted as many as
sixteen times each at the same election. This he stated
on information which he'had received. In regard to
this preposterous charge, 1 will inform the gentle-
man that, by the laws of New York, any person
