Uii
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL CLOSE.
i
1846,
28th Cong 2d Sess.
River and Harbor Bill—Mr. Murphy.
H. of Reps.
themselves, however, too contemptible to commend
it to the support of a majority of the people, even
in those regions of the country where they origi-
nated. The new party would have immediately
fallen into that insignificance to which it is ultimate-
ly destined, had not its principles sympathized with
those of many—not all—of the whig party, and its
objects with their objects. It proposed to restrict
the right of suffrage; and, in this, it favored the
views of those who have been endeavoring, since
the formation of our government, to make privileged
classes amongst us. Its leading principle was only
another phase of that of property qualification in
electors. Its proposed exclusion of foreigners from
office was another type of the old federal doctrine,
which sought to contract the circle in which popu-
lar honors might be bestowed. It accordingly re-
ceived the aid of the old opponents of democracy.
But its principal strength was derived from those
opponents of the demociatic party who placed polit-
ical success above political principle. They wished
to cripple the democratic party of that ever-reliable
portion of it—the citizens of Irish and German birth
who had fled here from the oppression of a State
religion and of civil despotism. Those citizens were
guilty of the great offence of voting unalterably for
that party which practised toleration in religion, and
hostility to all distinctions in political rights and
privileges. They stood steadfast in their political
faith, an indomitable phalanx against all the arts
and seductions of the whig party, which, as it
could not win them to its support, was willing to
crush their political influence by exciting a por-
tion of the democratic party against them. It is
3trange that democrats should find fault with those
citizens because they voted with them. It would
be supposed that true democrats would esteem it
as the best evidence of their capacity to appreciate
American freedom, that they stood shoulder to shoul-
der with them to sustain and defend it. And so it is;
but there were those in the democratic party who
might be deceived for a season; and to those the allied
forces addressed themselves with all their power,
and wilh temporary success. I have adverted to
the origin of the paity for the purpose of showing
the selfishness, bigotry, and anti-American feeling
from which it sprung. I will now briefly consider
some of the grounds upon which it is sought to be
justified, especially as they are the same as those
upon which an alteration of the naturalization laws
is now asked at our hands.
It is alleged that abuses exist in the administra-
tion of the naturalization laws, and that men have
been admitted to the rights of citizenship without
having resided here the requisite length of time.
This is the old fallacy of reasoning from the abuse
of a thing against the thing itself. If the abuse ex-
ists, no one will doubt that it should, if possible, be
corrected. There can be no difference of opinion
among right-thinking men upon that point—there
is none. For one, I will go with the farthest to
adopt all proper and reasonable provisions to carry
out the just intentions of these laws. But it is alto-
gether a different matter to enlarge the time of pro-
bation to a period which virtually destroys the
principle of naturalization'. Abuse will exist as
much with a long as with a short period; nay, it is
much more likely to exist under the long than the
short term, for the obvious reason that the induce-
ment is so much the greater in the former than in
the latter.
But I deny the assumption that such abuse does
exist to a degree beyond that which is inseparable
from the administration of all human laws. Bad
men may have, in some instances, perjured them-
selves; they will do so under any system. Our
courts may sometimes have erred in their construc-
tion of the law; they will err to the same extent in
the construction of any law that you may enact.
But that abuse, to an extraordinary extent, has ex-
isted, I do deny. I am aware that in making this
denial, I may do so in the face of the representations
which may be made to the other branch of Congress,
who are making some quasi investigations, which
cannot command the confidence of the country.
Prom the manner in which the commission has
been formed to inquire into the alleged abuses in
Kew York, such a report as a board of commission-
ers, composed entirely of the opponents of the de-
mocracy, is to be expected.
In the consideration of this subject, it must be re-
marked that an alteration of the naturalization laws
tlpes not necessarily change the conditions of the
elective franchise. The power to prescribe the
qualifications of electors does not belong to Con-
gress, but is reserved to the States. The only pow-
er we have relating to the subject is to see that
the constitutions of the States are republican. The
second section of the first article of the constitution
expressly admits the power to exist in the States,
when it declares that the electors in each State who
shall choose members of the House of Representa-
tives "shall have the qualifications requisite for
electors of the most numerous branch of the State
legislature."
Citizenship neither confers the right" of suffrage
nor constitutes a necessary qualification of an elec-
tor. By common law, it gives the right to hold real
estate, to be protected by the government, &c. It
is, also, by our constitution, a necessary qualifica-
tion to hold certain offices. But it does not affect
the right to vote, except so far-as the constitutions
and laws of the States make it necessary. We
have abundant evidence of this in the legislation
both of the general and of the State governments.
The ordinance of 1787, in relation to the territory
northwest of the Ohio, conferred the right of suf-
frage upon aliens residing there. The acts of Con-
gress of 3d March, 1811, and 20th May, 1812, gave
the right of suffrage to every free white male person
in Indiana and Illinois. Aliens were by law of Con-
gress permitted to vote for delegates to the conven-
tions which formed the constitutions of Ohio, In-
diana, and Illinois.
The action of the States give us examples both of
citizenship not beinga qualification, and want of citi-
zenship not beinga disqualification. In the State of
Rhode Island, under its present constitution, a dis-
tinction is made between native-born and naturalized
citizens. By it, native-born citizens vote under cer-
tain regulations; but naturalized citizens, having the
same qualifications, cannot vote. This odious dis-
tinction between citizens, merely on account of their
place of birth, is unworthy of the State of Roger
Williams, who, himself the object of persecution,
fled there and founded the purest democracy in
America; but which, by a course of legislation, has
become sadly changed from its original character.
On the other hand, in Illinois every inhabitant,
whether alien or native, who has resided in that
State six months, is allowed to vote. Citizenship
there is not a necessary qualification of the right of
suffrage. As to the policy of such a provision there
may be much doubt; and it is probably as far in one
extreme as Rhode Island is in the other. But that
is a matter with which we have nothing to do more
than with the policy of Rhode Island. Tho^fe States
have the right to prescribe the qualifications of
electors for themselves.
Many of the States make citizenship a qualifica-
tion, because the terms upon which foreigners are
now entitled to become citizens are reasonable. You
may, it is true, legislate as to those terms. You
may require twenty-one years previous residence
before an alien can become a citizen. But you will,
by requiring such an unreasonable time, compel
those States to alter their constitutions, and confer
the right of suffrage upon aliens. Let those who
are disturbing this question reflect upon this inevita-
ble consequence of the measure whieh they propose.
But, sir, I am willing to meet this question as if it
were competent for Congress to prescribe the quali-
fications of electors, and as if the object of naturali-
zation was to confer the right of suffrage. This
brings us to the inquiry, what are the principles
which properly enter into the construction of any
law of naturalization in this country. The very
idea of naturalization is based upon the principle that
men have the right to emigrate and expatriate them-
selves as they choose; that they may throw off and
assume allegiance at pleasure; that the assent of the
parties themselves, and not of their ancestors, is ne-
cessary to bind them; that place of birth is matter
of accident, conferring no power in the government
over the individual except while within its territorial
jurisdiction, or for acts done within it; and that
place of residence is matter of choice of the party.
This is in contravention of the common law of Eng-
land, which claims perpetual allegiance from natural-
born subjects; but the doctrine of naturalization, as
acknowledged in this country, can be justified upon
no other.
The truth of these positions need not be discussed.
The whole frame of our government is wrought out
of them. It derives its powers from the consent of
the governed; and it claims the obedience of the peo-
ple not because they are born here, but because it
both protects them and gives them a voice in its or-
ganization.
Our constitution and the principles of our govern-
ment recognize no qualifications of citizenship be-
yond allegiance and submission to the laws enacted
by the people. All religions are tolerated—all opin-
ions permitted. The rich and the poor, the educa-
ted and the ignorant, all stand on the same platform,
and are'entitled to the same rights and privileges.
Every individual, therefore, owes the same alle-
giance; and the only political difference between the
alien and the native-born is this: The latter is pre-
sumed, from the fact of his being born and remain-
ing in the country, to give his consent, and.there-
fore to owe a natural allegiance to the government,
and from that circumstance alone; but the foreigner
is not held to allegiance until he has shown, by an
affirmative act, that he has renounced that of his
place of birth. He may be here for the purposes of
trade merely, or for some other accidental object.
His intention may be to return to his native coun-
try.
The peculiar conditions of the laws of naturaliza-
tion flow from this distinction alone; and, conse-
quently, are merely such as are necessary to ascer-
tain his intentions of transferring his allegiance; and
such intention is ascertained by two acts—one of
which is his express renunciation of his former alle-
giance, and the other his continued residence in the
country for a sufficient length of time to show that
he has in fact, and in good faith, thrown himself un-
der our protection.
It is sometimes said that the object of requiring a
term of residence is, that he may become acquainted
with our constitution and form > of government.
This is not so; for the reason of it is as strongly ap-
plicable to native-born individuals as others. Who is
there that thoroughly understands our constitution?
Do we not witness on this floor every day the most
diametrically opposite opinions as to the meaning of
parts of the constitution? And while some here tell
us that we may annex a nation of foreigners to our
confederacy by a single act of Congress, others tell
us that we cannot do it at all, and that, from lan-
quage in that instrument, which appears so plain
that he who runs may read and understand, and,
which is in these words: "New States may be ad-
mitted into thisUnion by the Congress." Adopt the
test of citizenship, founded on knowledge of the
constitution, and you would have probably a large
proportion of the members of both Houses of this
Congress excluding the others for ignorance on
this very point. Knowledge cannot be a condition
of political rights.
There are, however, conditions of naturalization
required by the organization of society, apart from
political considerations, such as that the applicant
shall be twenty-one years of age, and be of good
moral character; but the only condition properly
arising from the alien character of the foreigner is,
that his intention to become a citizen shall be un-
equivocally made known.
Now, so far as that can be inferred from his resi-
dence amongst us, five years is as good as twenty.
Few men will expatriate themselves, and reside in
one country for that length of time, except for
purpose obviously temporary, such as business or
travel, unless it be for the purposes of permanent
settlement; and though there may be exceptions to
this rule, they would be such as would occur under
peculiar circumstances, such as would be likely to
exist with any length of time that might be pre-
scribed .
It is our duty to make that time reasonable. We
cannot, without repudiating the doctrine of natural-
ization altogether, make it unreasonable. The ex-
tension of , the term to twenty-one years would
be so, for it would be practically an aboli-
tion of the naturalization law. Few foreigners
arrive here in youth. They leave their place of.birth
after they have experienced the difficulties which
there pi esent themselves in their efforts to acquire
the means of living, and have felt the oppressions of the
aristocracies and monopolies of Europe. They ar-
rive here in the vigor of manhood, prepared to enter
upon the cultivation of your public lands at once, or
to perform the hard labor necessary to make the im-
provements requisite to a new country. Your ex-
tending settlements in the West; your canals, rail-
roads, buildings, both private and public, in the
East; in accomplishing nil which, their labor has
been, and is a prominent and indispensable part,—
show us that they are men in the maturity of years.
Ahd such, after having passed a minority at home,
it is proposed to subject to a second minority here,
placing them in pupilage their whole lives. When the
federal party was fully installted in power under John
Adams, it not only passed the odious alien law, But
