246
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2® Sess.
March, 1845.
Post Office Reform—Mr. Paie'rson.
H. of Reps.
end of twenty ye&tfs, this nation should demand the
principal, (which Grod forbid:) I have no fear but
Congress will deal justly with them. I can see no
justification for this bill, therefore, on this ground.
Another reason is given—that, in the process of
their emigration, the Secretary of Weir had caused
to be paid, for certain rations, and to a certain con-
tractor by the name of Buckner, some forty-five or
fifty thousand dollars out of the Chickasaw .fund,
contrary to right and good conscience. On one oc-
casion during ray servire in Congress, I cursorily
examined these expenditures; and I think there may
be some plausibility in this complaint. But sup-
pose this also to be true: we have a Chickasaw
agent, a salaried officer, whose duty it is to take
charge of their interest, and to represent their griev-
ances to this government; and it is an imputation
upon ourselves to say that Congress will allow this
trust-fund to be plundered. And, here in my place,
I pledge myself, whenever the proper officers of
government investigate this matter, and ascertain
the facts, which shall exhibit the Chickasaw rights,
I will be their champion on this floor: and surely Ve
can trust ourselves. To doubt Congress is a reflec-
tion upon this body ■tohich no one on this floor, I
trust, will sanction.
There is another ground of complaint, which is,
that certain moneys have been paid out of this fund
for clerk hire, which was unauthorized. This may be
true. I never investigated the matter. But if true,
we require no suit or decree in chancery to convince
us of it; and as soon as the facts are ascertained, no
one can hesitate in the belief that the mischief will
be repaired; and if we are eager to do justice to the
Indian, let us call upon the Secretary of War to
report the facts at the next session of Congress, and
that Congress will do right.
But there are other and different considerations
which have not been named, which constrain me
to oppose the passage of this bill. By the treaty of
1834 with this tribe of Indians, reservations were
allowed each Chickasaw Indian. After the business
had been completed on the east side of the Missis-
sippi river, all the Indians that could be found were
brought forward and obtained, and sold their lands.
After the Indians were removed to their new
homes on the west side of the Mississippi river,
other Indians were found, amounting in number to
six or seven hundred, who claimed reservations of
land. To satisfy these claims, the land sales in all
north Mississippi were suspended, and consequent-
ly the settlements were retarded. The lands thus
covered amounted in all to eight or nine hun-
dred sections; and, supposing each section to be
worth one thousand dollars, the value of the claim
was eight or nine hundred thousand dollars. Five
years ago these facts were made known to me, and
immediately I called the attention of Mr. Van Buren
to this overwhelming claim; expressed to him my
opinion that this was a stupendous fraud attempted
upon the Chickasaw nation; urged him to refuse his
sanction to this claim till full investigation was had;
and to act on this question with full and am-
ple advices. The consequence was a sus-
pension of all the claims; additional proof was
called for and obtained; and after the suspension
had continued for four years, while a decision was
pressed during the whole time by me, the subject
was at last taken up by that able, prompt, and
efficient executive officers, John C. Spencer, and
the whole batch, with five or six exceptions, were
rejected. And here, Mr. Speaker, I wish to do
justice to an exeellent officer. If John C. Spencer
leaves no other record behind him, his decision in
this case will ever entitle him to the lasting grati-
tude of the Chickasaw nation and the unmeasured
plaudits of my constituents. Immediately after this
decision, the suspension of the sales of the land
was discontinued, and new life and impetus were
given to the immigration into the country. But the
speculators were not disposed quietly to submit to
this defeat. Again and again has this matter been
brought before the different departments; but I thank
the different secretaries that, as often as they have
been brought forward, they have been promptly re-
pulsed.
But these claims have been brought up in a new
shape. I found, on my return to the seat of govern-
ment, forty-nine other Indians claiming reservations
of land amounting to sixty-seven sections of land.
These reservations covered sixty-two^quarter sec-
tions of land sold to my constituents, and on most of
them they are settled in ^quiet and pursuing their
different avocations in peace, contentment, and inde-
psndence; The Commissioner of Indian Affairs
passed favorably upon their claims; they were ap-
proved by the Secretary of War and the President.
At this stage, before further action was had, I be-
came acquainted with their condition and their state
of forwardness. I appeared in person before the
Secretary of War; advised him of their nature and
character; of the effect of their confirmation upon
my constituents; and, to the credit of the Secretary,
he at once saw and felt the power of my represent-
ations, and promptly suspended all further
action upon them, and sent out for further and ad-
ditional proof. Here, then, is the condition of this
claim, worth sixty-five to seventy thousand dollars.
Are you prepared to throw all these cases into a
court of chancery in this District, to excite the alarm
of all the thousand people in Mississippi, who have
purchased and are settled on these lands for fear of
losing their houses, to play into the hands of these
men, who have been hanging for whole years
around your departments, pursuing their iniquitous
claims with defeat meeting them at every turn, to
allow them to collect and make out their own testi-
mony; for the district attorney of this District can
never match the cunning or head the craftiness of
their Indian men—and thus submit their cases? I
know, in view of these facts, you cannot, and, I be-
lieve, you will not.
There is another ground of complaint. The
money belonging to the Indians, pronounced in-
• competent, has been most awfully plundered; but,
upon examination of the facts, if the United States
be liable, I stand ready to do the Chickasaw Indians
justice on that head also.
Mr. Speaker, I am the friend of the Chickasaw
Indians. Of all the savage tribes they have proved
our fastest friends. It is their boast and pride that
they have never wielded their battle-axe, or uttered
their deafening war-cry, against our people. In all
the Indian wars in tlie South, they fought shoulder
to shoulder and side by side with General Jackson.
From these Indians we derived our title to the fairest
portions of the southwest, which, in my estimation,
compose the choicest parts of the United States;
and, in resisting this bill, 1 am influenced by a de-
sire and a determination to serve them. But I have
had my difficulties in coming up to this opposition.
I have friends urging the passage of this bill—
friends that I have served, and whose wishes I
hate to thwart. But a sense of duty to this House—
duty to the Chickasaw Indians—and above all a
sense of duty to best constituency on earth, whose
confidence I have, and whose confidence I can
never abuse—has impelled me to make this expla-
nation of the enormities of this bill; and, having
done so, I cheerfully submit the result to the free
action of the House.
SPEECH OF MR. PATTERSON,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives, March 1, 1845—On
post office reform, and the reduction of the rates
of postage.
Mr. PATERSON obtained the floor and said,
that the only bill upon which he cared to take up
much of the time of the committee had been taken
out of debate, by a resolution of the House, in two
hours after it was first taken up. He regretted that
so important a bill as postage reform should be hur-
ried through the committee so hastily. He regard-
ed it as the most important measure of this Con-
gress in the benefits it is destined to bestow upon
the country. Appreciating, in some degree, the
deep solicitude that is felt on the part of the coun-
try, that there should be a revision of the post office
tariff, and a material reduction made in the rates of
postage, and feeling a deep personal interest in the
matter, he had made some preparation for the pur-
pose, and hoped that an opportunity would have
been afforded him, when the bill was under consid-
eration, to express his views of it. As it had been
adopted as a revenue measure—which he feayed it
would not prove to be—and would leave the subject
open for agitation hereafter, it was to be regretted
that its bearings should be so little understood as it
appeared to be by the committee. If he had been
so fortunate as to obtain the floor, he would have
approached the subject with unfeigned diffidence,
and conscious inability to do it that justice which it
merits. But if he had succeeded in calling the at-
tention of a single member of this House to the in-
vestigation of the subject, who would have given to
it his abler advocacy, he would deem himself amply
paid for the time he had bestowed upon it.
There appears to be no difference of opinion, from
one end of the land to the other, that the present
rates of postage are inequitable and grievously bur-
densome, rendering the Post Office Department so
unpopular with the people as to make it impossible
to prevent its revenues from being infringe^ upon by
private enterprise in a thousand ways, in bold and
open violation of the laws. As deplorable and de-
moralizing a3 this state of things is, it will continue
so long as the people have before them daily evi-
dence of the great injustice of the rates of postage,
in the fact that private enterprise will perform the
service for one-third the money. The true way to
restore the department to the favorable considera-
tion of the people, and to maintain its usefulness
and to sustain its revenue, is to take f.om it the ap-
pearance—while it remains a government monopo-
ly—of being administered to oppress, rather than
benefit the people. While every other branch of the
public service has gone on improving with the ad-
vance of the times, this department remains the
same in its organization, with but a few slight
changes, since it was first instituted. And we pay
as high postage now, with a revenue over four mil-
lions of dollars, as we did when it was hut fifty
thousand dollars. Instead of reducing the rates, the
excess of revenue when it was in the most flourish-
ing condition has been expended upon new routes,
which have paid but little or no postage. The law
of February, 1792, fixed the rates of postage on sin-
gle letters passing short of thirty miles, six cents;
between thirty and sixty miles, eight cents; from
sixty to one hundred, ten cents; one hundred to one
hundred and fifty, twelve and a half «nts; from one
hundred and fifty to two hundred, fifteen cents; from
two hundred to two hundred and fifty, seventeen
cents; from two hundred and fifty to three hundred
and fifty, twenty cents; from three hundred and fifty
to four hundred and fifty, twenty-two cents; and all
over four hundred and fifty twenty-five cents; from
which time there was made but a single and immateri-
al change in the rates to the 1st February, 1815, when
50 per cent, was added, and continued to 31st of
March, 1816, for the purpose of raising revenue to
defray the expenses incurred by the war. Ih April,
1816. Congress established the present rates of
postage, which have remained the same for twenty-
nine years; while England and some other countries
have reduced their postage so low as to enable the
humblest individual in the community to avail them-
selves of its benefits.
[Here Mr. P. was called to order by Mr. C. J.
Xngersoll for debating a subject which he contend-
ed was not before the House.
Mr. Paterson, in reply, contended that he was
debating the subject before the House; as the bill
under debate contained an appropriation for the
Post Office Department, and an amendment from
the Senate regulating mail routes.
The Chair decided he was in order; from which
Mr. Ingersoll appealed, and the decision of the
Chair was sustained by the House.]
Mr. P. proceeded and said:
That in the mean time the correspondence of the
country had been loaded down with an increasing
amount of mail matter transmitted free of postage,
by virtue of a widely extended and much abused
franking privilege, which has increased, including
newspapers, on which postage is paid, which literally
go free, and which Mr. Niles, in his report in De-
cember, 1840, estimates the loss to the department
upon all conveyed in the mail, to be oyer 88 per
cent.; amounting to more than nine-tenths in weight
of everything that passes through it. An account
was kept at the post office in this city of the number
of free fetters and packages ending the 2d of May,
the 2d of June, and the 7th of July, 1840. Taking
the number that passed during those weeks, as
the average of the session of Congress of thirty-
three weeks of that year, the packages and letters
sent from this city amounted to 4,781,359; and the
two cents allowed to postmasters for delivery,
would amount to $95,627. This was probably more
than was actually paid, as it is not allowed at offices
where the commissions exceed $500.
Mr. Niles estimates that there was paid forth? de-
livery of free letters, and advertising the same,
000; and recommends that the two cents allowed
for the delivering free letters should be discontinued.
The Postmaster General, in his report.of December
3,1842, states, that the whole number of free letters
sent through the office annually, is about three mil-
lions. Assuming 15 cents to be the average rate, it
charged with postage, §450,000 would have been re-
ceived from free letters alone. It appears that there
; are no data for determining the number of Pa0K"
