248
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 184®.
28th Cong 2d
Post Office Reform—Mr* Paierson*
H.^of Reps.
up the time of the House, and did not believe that he
was now travelling out of the record in the course of
argument which he was pursuing.
He was under great obligation to the House for
the courtesy it had manifested towards him; and
knowing its anxiety to get on with its business, and
that it would be'impossible for him to say all that
he-was prepared to advance upon the subject, with-
in the time allotted to him, he would pass over much
of what he wished to say, and endeavor to take up
but little more of its time if the committe*e -vp-ould
permit him to do so. [Cries of "Go on." "You
shall have the time." "You must publish your
speech."] In this matter of postage reform, his
constituents, as well as himself, felt a deep interest;
and as the act which has just passed has been adopt-
ed as a revenue measure, which he was convinced
it would not prove, which will result in the oppo-
nents of cheap postage coming back here, claiming
that the loss to the revenue is in consequence of too
great a reduction of postage; instead of which, we
have not yet come to the point in reducing postage,
according to the experience of the British govern-
ment, which will insure such an increase of corres-
pondence as will produce the greatest amount of
revenue. It was for that reason that he wished to
place before the country the results of the British
experiment, and the reasons why he feared the act
they had adopted would net prove a revenue meas-
ure, [Cries of "Go on." "Let us hear what you have
to say;"] as it differs so widely from the British
sysiem, by which we claim to be guided in making
the reform. Everything that passes in the English
mails pays postage: no one possesses the privilege
to frank. The Clueen is taxed equally with the
private citizens, and letters sent subject to postage
pay double rates. The franking privilege is the most
odious feature in our present system; and which,
when we started in this reform, was supposed would
be abolished. But Congress has seen fit to retain
all its privileges, which is by half the most objec-
tionable and burdensome portion of it. In its wis-
dom, it has taken away from postmasters the priv-
ilege of franking letters, which does not amount to
a twentieth part of the matter which will still go
free; to say nothing of newspapers passing within
flirty miles of the places where they are printed,
which will moie than double the amount of free mail
matter, causing a corresponding increase in the ex-
pense of -transporting the same, instead of largely
reducing that expense, hy an entire abolition of the
f'-anking privilege, by which we hoped to maintain
the revenue of the department from letter postage.
In substituting an additional compensation to be
paid to postmasters whose commissions do not ex-
ceed a certain amount, we have fastened upon the
department a tax which will prove infinitely more
burdensome than to have permitted them to frank
their own letters, which would have proved no ad-
ditional expense; and, as a matter of pride to them,
would have gone further in inducing respectable in-
dividuals to administer that class of offices than any
commission that can be allowed them. Instead of
(as in England) reducing the labors to be performed
in the sub-offices, by the introduction of the prepay-
ment of postage and the sale of stamps, by which
they have been able to reduce very materially the
expense of that branch of the service, we, by ex-
tending the amount of free matter, have increased
the amount of the service and decreased the com-
missions allowed for it. Our new system differs
from that of England still further, in our making no
additional charge for letters sent subject to postage, in
consequence of which a large amount of revenue
would be lost.
If it is to be the settled policy of the country that
the Post Office Department shall create its own reve-
nues, we ought to approach the matter of reducing
postage with great caution. Bearing revenue in
view, he was by no means prepared to recommend
alow uniform rate of postage as one which will be
most likely to maintain the revenue of'the depart-
ment; nor was that the conclusion of the most in-
telligent witnesses who were examined before the
committee of the British Parliament. Mr. Hill's
planofpenny postage was finally adopted,'upon
the ground that, by introducing prepayment of post-
age, the accounting branch of the sub-offices, which
formed a prominent item in the expense, and the
receipt and delivery so simplified by the sale of
. stamps, instead of collecting postage upon each let-
ter, that the expense of the department could be
materially reduced. Then, again, it^was hoped by
the committee that correspondence, in time, would
be so much increased that the revenue would be re-
stored.
Sir Edmund Smith Lee, secretary of the post
office of Edinburgh, thought that—"
"The present rates were too high, even for the interest of
revenue itself. A small reduction in these rates—such, for
instance, as one penny on every rate—would have the
effect, he was sure, of occasioning a great loss to the rev-
enue, without increasing the number of letters. "With the
view of increasing the number of letters, there ought to be
a great reduction, or none at all. A large reduction, in his
opinion, would not occasion a corresponding increase in
the revenue, so as to make it equal to what it then was.
"Were the rates reduced to one-half, the letters, he thinks,
would increase, but not at all in proportion to the reduc-
tion, since the smuggled lettess would not be brought
within the teach of the post office. Upon principle, and lor
the sake of expedition and general convenience, he would
much prefer a uniform rate to a scale of rates graduated ac-
cording to distance; but the insuperable difficulty he had
found m coming to any reasonable conclusion was this: how
to reconcile the proper security of the revenue with a just
attention to the demands which the public now make for re-
duction. A uniform rate, sufficiently high to give security
to the revenue, would certainly remove all hope of obtain-
ing the increase in the posted correspondence which is
looked to as the result of justly diminishing the rates. It
is from a conviction that at no uniform rate could the pres-
ent amount of revenue be obtained, that he is led to prefer
a graduated scale of rates, giving to the shortest distances,
in which the smuggling is the greatest, the advantage of a
cheap penny postage, and taking on the longer distances
an additional charge, according to the distance. He would
not recommend a uniform four-penny rate. It would be a
great reduction on all the rates above four pence. He
would as soon have a penny rate as one of four pence.
Still less would he recommend a uniform rate of three pence
or two pence. He should prefer a penny rate to either.
Bearing the revenue in view, he would not recommend a
uniform penny rate. It certainly would be risking a large
amount of revenue."
He seemed to prefer a graduated scale of rates
according to distance, running from one penny up
to four pence. Colonel Marberly, secretary of the
post office in London, Augustus Gody, secretary of
post office in Ireland, the Earl of Litchfield, Postmas-
ter General, Lord Ashburton, and many others, con-
curred in the opinion, that no uniform rate would
maintain the revenue so nearly as rates graduated
according to distance, to be made so low as to bring
into the post office the whole correspondence of the
country, and that a slight reduction wouid be" at-
tended with great loss to the revenue, without in-
creasing correspondence.
They thought it impossible that Mr. Hill's anti-
cipations could be realized. He estimated the increase
at a penny postage to be more than 500 per cent.,
which would be required to restore the revenue.
The result has shown that they were correct.
They were all of the opinion that a penny rate
should be adopted for short distances: experience
had in a measure tested that point.
In January, 1837, the rates of postage extending
to all the towns for twelve miles] around Edin-
burgh was reduced from two pence to one penny; in
addition to the reduction of one-half on letters, the
penny collected upon newspapers was taken olf;
notwithstanding which, the district is yielding a
larger amount of revenue now than it did before the
rates were reduced. The reduction from four pence
to two pence in the rates on distances not exceeding
eight miles, did not maintain the revenue; nor did
Sir Edward Smith Lee, postmaster at Edinburgh,
think it would ever do so, as the distance was too
short. The two-penny post was extended from three
to twelve miles around London, in 1831, reducing
postage 50 per cent.; at which time, the receipts
within that range amounted to <€120,000, and it
was estimated there would be a loss to the revenue
of .£20,000. Instead of which, in 1836, there was
a gain upon the former revenue of <£7,000 a year.
The reduction of postage in 1827, in Ireland, was
followed by a material increase of revenue.
The experience of the British government shows
that, on all short distances, the revenue is not lessen-
ed at all by an extremely low rate of letter postage;
but, with a uniform penny-rate for all distances, it
has fallen off nearly one half, which clearly
demonstrates that rates of postage, graduated to
distance, will yield the greatest amount of revenue.
In 1841, a little more than one year after the Brit-
ish government established a uniform penny post-
age, the number of letters increased more than 150
per cent., running up' from 77,500,000 to 204,334,-
676; which number, according to the last official re-
port received through the 'British minister, for two
more years, coming down to 1843, had swollen to
213,328,972. It must be borne in mind that letters
have not yet increased to only about one half the
number Mr. Hill anticipated, and that much of th«
increase of revenueJs derived from other mail mat
ter.
Guided by their experience, it appears to me that
the following rates would have been the lowest we
could obtain at this time, and those most likely to
bring into the post office the whole correspondence
of the country, and at the same time induce such an
increase as to maintain the revenue of the depart-
ment.
In the month of October, 1S43, there were received at all
the offices in the United States letters passing ever thirty
miles ------ 346,331
Multiplied by 12, whwh gives the number for
the year * - - 12
Add to which 150 per cent, for increase
At a 3-cent rate of postage
4,165,960
 n
10,398,900
3
$311,897.00
Letters received passing over 30
and under 400 miles, in one
month *
Multiplied by 12 -
Showing the number received in
the year
Add 100 per cent., the estimated
increase
A 5-cent postage to be charged -
1,312,105
12
15,745,272
31,490,544
Amounting to ■ * *$1,574,52720 1,574,527 20
Number received in one month
passing over 400 miles • 378,204
Multiplied by 12 - - * 12
Showing the number received m
the year
Estimated increase 100 per cent.
4,538,448
2
1,076,896
A 10-cent postage to be charged . 10
$107,689.00 107,698.60
$2,793,913.30
The above estimates are for postage prepaid,
when subjcct to postage. 1 would add two
cents to the three-cent rates, three cents to
the five-cent rates, and live cents to the ten-
cent rates, estimating that one half the let-
ters go subject to postage, and chargeable
with the additional rate, amounting to - 803,179 56
Amount of revenue which would be received
from letters with the above estimated Jn-
ciease ... - - $3,597,093.36
Showing an increase of revenue from letters of
$46,820.16 over the amount estimated to have been
received in the year 1843, which was $3,550,273.20.
The number of three-cent letters are intended to in-
clude all "drop" letters, which should be charged
the same rates. Estimating that there would be an
increase of 200 per cent, on the three-cent letters,
100 per cent, on the five-cent letters, and 50 per
cent, on the ten-cent letters; and it would show a
falling-oif in the revenue of only |232,927.
With a view of arriving as near as possible at a
revenue point at this time, and to prevent the oppo-
nents of low postage from coming back here, and
attributing the loss of the revenue, which he feared
would arise, in consequence of the act we have just
passed, to a too great reduction in the rates of post-
age, he would have offered an amendment to the
bill when under consideration, containing the.above
named rates; extending the 3 cents postage to 50
miles, and the 5. cents postage to 500 miles, includ-
ing a provision for the additional charge upon let-
ters subject to postage, which would have provided
for the heavy losses incurred by the department in
consequence of dead letters, and would have done
away with the operation of the expresses effectually,
and cured the disposition to send by private hands.
And he had reason to believe, if tne amendment
had been offered, from the favorable considera-
tion with which it was received by those determin-
ed to amend the bill, that it would have passed.
But he was prevented from presenting it at the so-
licitation of the warm friends of reform, fearing that
any amendment would defeat the bill in the Senate,
and which they hoped to be able to prevent, until the
amendment was carried, confining the 5 cent rates
to 300 miles, when he did offer the 3 cents provision;
but it was too late. He had submitted the above
estimates togno one but who had concurred wijh
him, that his anticipations would be more than re-
alized.
We must expect at first there will be a falling off
in the revenue, until such time a? the business and
social correspondence shall increase in proportion
to the inducement which cheap postage will hold
out. The increase of the former will be rapid? 4i«
