March, 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
28th Cong 2d Sess
Post Office Reform—Mr. Pater son.
H. of Reps.
latter gradual, but sure. In the mean time, let gov-
ernment contribute her share to the funds of the de-
partment, ancUwith a proper adjustment of the rates
of postage, ranging even lower than those which
have been adopted, and it will not be long without
ample means to carry on its operations.
Some have been disposed to pause before they
acted in the matter, fearing that the Post Office De-
partment will become an incumbrance "upon the
treasury. If guided by the experience of England,
in arranging our new system, we have every reason
to belive that such will not be the case. It is rare
that any great good to individuals or nations is ob-
tained without running some hazard; and shall we
neglect to try to obtain the prize in consequence of
our unwillingness to risk a small amount of reve-
nue? I trust not. I wish it was the policy of gov-
ernment to Hi ng wide open the gates, and permit
mail matter to go free; for I know of no way, at so
cheap a rate, so great a blessing could be bestowed
upon the country. The business community justly
complain of the present rates of postage as unjust
and burdensome; out the blessings of a cheap rate
to them is but a drop in the bucket, to the moral and
intellectual blessings it would entail upon the coun-
try. The middling and poorer classes are now
taxed to pay the largest amount of the business and
commercial correspondence of the country; and if
the whole expense of the Post Office Department
were paid out of the treasury, and postage made free,
the additional tax to those classes would be but
little more than it now is. No one doubts that reve-
nue collected upon goods imported is added to the cost
of the goods, and is paid by the consumer. This
doctrine, my honorable friend from South Carolina,
[Mr. Holmes,] who sits before me, will concede to
be true. ("Yes, said Mr. Holmes, that is true, that
is good doctrine.") Mr. P. continued and said:
This, however, is without taking into consideration
the causes which may have reduced the original
cost of the goods. Nor is it any less true, that the
great mass of the commercial and business corres-
pondence becomes a tax upon articles of trade; and
that every man, woman and child, that purchases
a pound of sugar, a yard of cloth, or any other arti-
cle of trade, pays a portion of that tax. Hence it is
clear that they are made to contribute as directly to
the support of the Post Office Department as they
would lfits expenses were defrayed from the treas-
ury, and at the same time they are debarred the
blessings of cheap postage. With this common
sense view of the subject, we should not hesitate in
leducing postage to the lowest point, even if the ex-
pense of the department, like the oth.^r departments
of government, should be defrayed from the treasury.
The army and navy are maintained for the defence
of the country; and the Post Office Department, if
sustained in the same manner, would prove a much
stronger defence to our institutions than they can be.
With this view of the subject, believing, as he did,
that the tax is the same to the people, whether
collected in duties, or business postage, and added
in both instances to articles of trade, free trade in
postage had no terrors for him; still, with a proper
adjustment of a very low rate of postage, the Post
Office Department will not become a tax upon the
treasury.
It appears, by the Postmaster General's report of
Decemoer, 1843, that the receipts ending the 30th
June were $4,295,935, and the expense of the de-
partment $4,374,7X3, showing the deficiency of
$78,778. It is contended, by a paper said to emanate
from the same department, that by adopting Mr.
Merrick's plan of 5 and 10 cents postage—making
the average 7§ cents for each letter, instead of 14|
cents, which is the present average—the de-
ficiency will run up to $1,672,840. There were re-
ceived in the year 1843, estimated upon the account
kept in October of that year, 24,439,680 letters, pay-
ing $3,550,273 20, which, at 5 and 10 cent rates, pro-
posed in Mr. Merrick's bill, would amount to
$1,877,432—making a deficiency of $1,672,840. It
is contended by the paper before alluded to, coming
from the Post Office Department during the last ses-
sion of Congress, that in taking into consideration
the social and intellectual character, taken in con-
nection With the commercial character of the British
people, who are largely engaged in commerce, while
we are an agricultural people, that no such increase
of correspondence can be expeeted here, as has been
realised by them. Let us see if this be so. It ap-
pears that in 1841, forty-one out of every one
hundred married persons in England and Wales
could not write their n&mes; whereas in the United
States, in 1840,5,892,806 free whites, above twenty-
one years of age, could read and write. In Great
Britain and Ireland, there were but 7,155,169 per-
sons who could write. In the United States more
than a third of the whole population, including
blacks, could read and write. Excluding colored
people, three-sevenths could read and write; while in
Great Britain and Ireland, only a little more than
one-fourth could do so.
Great Britain has a population of 26,711,059, of
whom there are over twenty years of age 12,127,-
405, who cannot read and write—leaving; 7,155,169
who can. They sent and received by mail, in 1841,
two hundred and four millions of letters—averaging
twenty-eight and a half to esch individual who could
read and write. Total population of the United
States in 1840, 17,068,666; white population
14,189,842; over the age of twenty 6,442,499,
of whom 549,693 could not read and write—leaving
5,892,806 that could. We send through the mail,
according to the report of the Postmaster General,
(Senate document No. 50,) 27,831,036 letters, at the
rate of four and two-thirds to each individual who
can read and write.
If we wrote as many letters, in proportion to the
number that can read and write, as the people of
Great Britain do, and they were forwarded through
the mail, we should send 164,998,568. At 5 and 10
cent rates, averaging 7| cents, according to Mr.
Merrick's estimate, (to whom he was indebted for
a portion of these statistics,) the postage would
amount to $12,374,892. If we make a comparison
between the whole population of Great Britain and
the United States, Great Britain, with 26,711,059,
sends 204,000,000 of letters; the United States, with
17,068,666 would send 130,358,210 letters; which,
at the average rate, would yield $9,776,865 07 of
revenue. It is also contended that the experiment,
although successful in England, must fail here, as
they are a manufacturing and commercial people.
But this argument is not sustained by the facts.
Our imports m 1842, according to the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, were $100,162,087
Exports the same year.  104,691,534
Total imports and exports    204,853,621
In Sparkman's Statistics of the British Empire,
it is stated that the imports into the United King-
dom, for the year 1841, were (those of 1842 not be-
ing given)   <£64,377,962
Exports for the year 1842 were....... 44,609,358
Total imports and exports  108,987,320
Computing the pound sterling at $4 80, it amounts
to I $523,139,136
Of which two-fifths is  209,255,654
Our commerce being equal to about two-fifths of that
of England, upon which principle we should send
two-fifths of 204,000,000 of letters annually, or
81,600,000.
Again : the annual productions of the United
Kingdom, according to Sparkman's Statistics, are
$2,290,598,944. In Tucker's "Progress of Na-
tions," the annual productions of the United States
are stated to be $1,063,134,736; showing the annual
productions of the United States to be nearly equal
to one-half of those of Great Britain. Tried by
this test, we should send one-half of 204,000,000 of
letters annually, or 102,000,000. By the most un-
favorable estimate, it appears we should send
81,600,000 letters, if all go in the mail, which will
more than maintain the post office revenue, at the
rates adopted in the new bill. England sends 28§
letters per annum to each individual who can read
end write; we send only 4f. Let us double our
number, and we maintain the revenue; and who
doubts, with a proper adjustment of the rates of
postage, that our anticipations will be realized5
It is not necessary, nor did he pretend to claim
that the increase of correspondence in this country
can be equal to that of Great Britain, excepting in
the old and densely populated States. In all the
South and Southwestern States, owing to thesparse-
ness of the population, much of which is remote
from post offices, as it appears, from the representa-
tion of many of the members of this House, that
they send from ten to thirty miles to post offices for
their letters. The same causes will render the ex-
pense of our mail service in this country much
greater than that of England; making it impossible,
if the policy shall be maintained, that the Post Office
Department shall be supported from its own reve-
nues, for us to reduce our rates of postage as low as
in England. No one, however, will doubt that,
similarly situated with the people of Great Brit-
ain, the increased correspondence in this country
would equal, if not surpass that of England; for he
presumed it would not be contended that we are
not as social and intelligent a people as those of
England, or that family connections in this country
are not more widely scattered, opening a more ex-
tended field for social correspondence, which would
soon be occupied, if postage was properly reduced,
which is happily illustrated in the "Berkshire Coun-
ty (Massachusetts) Jubilee," got up in August last
for the purpose of calling back her absent children to
the "American Piedmont," as they denominate it.
In that instance, representatives were present from
eighteen different States. Had all its children re-
turned, there is hardly a county in any State in the
Union, and in some of the States not a single town,
but would have had a representative there.
It was the return of the wanderer, to worship at
the shrine of his much-loved home, to pay a tribute
to the memory of its distinguished and venerated
dead, the bones of whom are mingling with the dust
of every section of the Union, and to gaze with pride
upon their native hills, its magnificent mountains,
sweet valleys, silvery floods, and gushing foun-
tains; its quiet villages, its intelligent and happy
population, surrounded by all the comforts and most
of the luxuries of life, for the rich fruits of a varied
industry and the cattle upon all its hills are theirs;
and prouder than of all the rest of its beautiful coro-
nation wreath, and more than imperial diadem that
crowns the whole, glittering with clusters of brighter
jewels than were the boast of the Roman matron in
her proudest days, who, as they go forth through
the earth, will "burn with love and veneration" to
Him who created a land so fair, and they its daugh-
ters; for, like the Piedmont to the Italian Alps, or
its sister Switzerland, "it is a dear countiy," New
England;
"It is
The land of beaut)-, and of grandeur too,
Where looks out the cottage on domain
The palace cannot boast ok seas of lakes,
And lulls of forests; crystal waves that rise
'Midst mountains all of snow, mocking the sun,
Returning him his flaming beams more thick
And radiant than he sent them. Torrents there
Aie dashing flood's! and theie the tempest 1001ns
At large, in all the teirors of its glorj!
And then their valleys! they are the homes
For hearts; their cottages, their harvests, orchards;
Their pastures, studded with the herd and fold3
Their native strains, that melt you as they sing them;
They are a free, intelligent, patriotic, happy people!"
Such are the well-springs of our social system,
which, if kept open by a freedom of mail communi-
cation, will throw a beautiful net-work around our
institutions, binding the nation together, as "with
hooks of steel."
The evils of a high postage are so clearly set
forth in the testimony taken before the committee of
the British Parliament often referred to, as well as
the benefits of the reverse, that I will cite the testi-
mony of some of the witnesses upon that occa-
sion.
Mr. Samuel Jones Lloyd, a distinguished London
banker, says:
"I think ii there be any one subject which ought not to
have been selected as a subject of taxation, it is that of in-
tercommunication by post; and 1 would even go a step fur-
ther, and say, that if there be any one thing which the gov-
ernment ought, consistently with its great duties to the
public, to do gratuitously, it is the carriage of letters. V/e
build national galleries, and furnish them with pictures;
we propose to create public walks for the an, and health,
and exercise of the community, at the general cost of the
country. I do not think that either of those, useful and
valuable as they are to the community, and lit as they are
for government to sanction, are more conducive to the
moral and social advancement of the community than the
facility of intercourse by post. 1 therefore greatly regret
that the post was ever taken as the field of taxation; and
should be very glad to find that, consistently with the great
interest of the revenue, which the government has to watch
over, they can effect a reduction in the total amount so
received, or any reduction in the charges, without diminish-
ing the total amount.''
Mr. Brown, an eminent Liverpool merchant,
states:
"That it seemed to him more to the interest ol the coun-
try to raise revenue through the medium of the excise, the
customs, or even direct taxation, however obnoxious that
might be, than to take it as postage. Ke considered that
taking it from the post office shuts the flood-gates of knowl-
edge; it embarrasses our commercial proceedings, and m
every way, I think, it is the less desirable source from
which a revenue could be drawn. When Rowland Hill's
pamphlet becomes generally understood in the country,
and the evidence before the committee known, you ^ ill find
public opinion raise such a storm in favor of reduction that
no ministers can hold their seats without taking oft' the tax
The public do not understand the subject at present; the}
have hardly had their attention drawn to it. 1 was perfect-
ly ignorant of it until I saw the pamphlet. 1 merely con-
