March, 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
28th Cong 2d Sess*
Post Office Reform—Mr. Paterson.
H. of Reps.
invoking the protection of heaven that the fires en-
kindled here may continue to burn brighter and
brighter, and that other governments may be
permitted, in the light of them, to slip their
moorings and sail out from among the despot-
isms of the earth, to join us in our bright ca-
reer. And if they could speak to us, they would
adjure us, by the love and veneration we bear those
noble souls who founded them at the price of so
much toil and treasure, planting the tree of liberty
and watering it with their blood; but who are not
here to guard it from the rude assaults of the wintry
tempest; for in the language of a lofty spirit, "they
have gone to join our Washington and those other
stars that revolve around their centre in the clear
upper sky;" but have left behind this inestimable
inheritance, which, as we venerate their memory,
we are called upon to defend with its golden fruit,
with a ceaseless vigilance, and with a two-edged
sword that will flash and emit an imperial light as it
cleaves the four winds of heaven.
Our government is an untried experiment, and
we have wilhin us and around us all the elements of
dissolution in the patronage of government, the
despotic power of party, and the restlessness and
ambition of the people. When Rome, with her
republican and imperial eagles, passed beyond the
floods of India, swept around Numidia, encircled
the sea-girt isles, encompassing the wide earth,
stopped in the midst of her course, and "wept that
she had not other worlds to conquer," she pos-
sessed no more^ restless, no more ambitious people
than our own.
We may truly be said to be a Roaming people. Such
is the spirit of our wanderings, that the sun that
lights up our birth scarcely shines upon the land of
our rest. We condescend to stop a moment at the
tomb of our ancestors, to pay a tributary tear, and
then pass too soon forgetfully away. We have few
of those landmarks peculiar to the Old World,
which have proved so often anchors to its govern-
ment, sure and steadfast in the midst of the most
terrific storms.
We have no ancestral halls, hung around with
armorial bearings, to awaken admiration of an hon-
ored ancestry, and strengthen love of country; nor
have wc any temples devoted to learning, the ser-
vice of the gods, or the one ever-living God, moss-
grown and ivied, around which antiquity has ex-
panded her dusty wings, where the son has been
educated, or worshipped, in the place of the father,
from generation to generation, in which are concen-
trated the affections of the people. It may be said
these temples are unnecessary—that nature has given
us a nobler temple than any of the offspring of man's
hands; and the question may well beasked, "where is
the dome to compare with the glorious arch that swells
above us;" or the marble pavement to equal the
"rich carpet of velvet verdure, with its flower enam-
elled borders, that is spread beneath our feet;" or
the walls, like the perpetual hills, or the lamps
that light it, to equal the starry hosts above
us, or the god of day breaking from the pa-
vilion of morning and shedding his dying
glory "from the tabernacles of the setting sun;"
or the altar to compare with the "everlasting
mountains," rock-ribbed and ancient as time; or
the incense ascending from them, like the "mists of
the morning, that are seen hovering above and around
their eternal peaks," dissolving away into air in the
sumbeams like the passage of the spirit into heaven?
This noble temple is common to all lands, and pe-
culiar to none, around which are clustering none of
those associations calculated to anchor a people to
any country or its institutions. But if we have
none of those monuments of antiquity peculiar to
the Old World, we have our homes—ancestral
homes—though not of many generations, recollec-
tions of which, if properly cherished, can never be
forgotten. The sons of the rock-bound portions of
New England, as well as the dwellers in the midst ot
the flowery plains of their own sweet sunny South,
can neverforget their well-regulated homes. Although
the same land may not contain them, and seas di-
vide them with "barriers of constant tempests," and
although poverty and vice may overtake them, rec-
ollections of home will come to them at times, min-
istering spirits, wooing them back to the paths of
virtue again. Should they be among the more fortu-
nate of our race, and their lot cast in the high places
of the earth, surrounded by all the allurements, the el-
egant luxuries, and the glittering trappings of the hall
of the noble, their minds will at times break away
from those enchanting scenes, and wander back
with associations of the fondest recollections to the
scenes of their childhood and birth, as beheld from
some wild turret of their native hills; for
"There is a land, of every land the pride,
Beloved o'er all the world beside,
Where brighter }>uns dispense serener light,
And milder moons jmparadise the night.
For in that land, of Heaven's peculiar grace,
The heritage of nature's noblest race,
There is a spot of eaitli Ssupxemely blest,
A dearer, sweeter spot than all the rest."
Let us, then, fling wide open the gates, and permit
mail matter to go free, strengthening the bonds of our
union, by awakening frequent recollections of the
wintry paradise of home among those who, from
necessity or inclination, have sought a home in the
midst of the broad savannahs of the South, or upon
the distant prairies of the West, or beneath the
shadows of the snow-crowned cliffs of our own
Rocky mountains.
If time permitted, 1 would like to speak of our
public lands, as another means of perpetuating our
institutions—the noblest patrimony ever bestowed
upon man, to be held in trust by this government,
to be dispensed to occupants only, and not suffered
to fall into the hands of individuals or States; for it
is impossible in the nature of things for them to be-
come the conservatives of freedom so far as they
are concerned. If so guarded and dispensed, they
will prove a mount of elevation, which the
prophet, as he casts his eye down the long vista of
time, will behold generations yet unborn ascending
in the image of their Creator and robed in the im-
mortal dignity of freemen.
In the matter of postage reform, England had
done the noble work; nor should we be jealous, but
proud of this home of our ancestors, that she had
done it. It is not the only good work indicative of
the patriotism and expansive benevolence of that
time honored empire. What a grandeur encircles
the brow of Britannia, as beheld in the sublime vis-
ion of the poet standing upon one of the loftiest
cl-ffs of England, with the tempest-tossed sea, of
which she is the mistress, dashing at her feet,''re-
clining her majestic forehead upon her spear,
with her robes and tresses streaming in the wind."
"She thought of Nelson in battle slam" bearing the
honors of immortal victory as he sunk in the arms
of glorious death, "his soaring spirit and abiding
name become immortal in both worlds." Clarkson
had his victorious course begun, and broke upon
her vision as he rose over "Africa, the sun in smiles
to set in glory in the western isles." " Wilbcrforcc,
the new Laseasses of a ruined race," armed with ce-
lestial eloquence, aroused her mighty spirit, and
"She thought of Pitt, heartbroken on his bier;
And Oh ! my country, echoed m her ear
She thought of Fox, as she heard him speak,
His dying accents trembling into airr
Spare injured Africa, the negro spare.1'
"She started from her trance, and around her
shores beheld her suppliant sons once more plead-
ing the suit so long, so vainly tried—the negro's
claim to all his Maker gave;"
"Her yielding heart confessed the righteous claim,
Sorrow had softened and love overcame "
Shame flushed her noble cheek, her bosom burned,
To helpless, hopeless Africa she turned:
All hail! exclaimed the empress of the sea,
Thy chains arc broken—Africa, be free."
More recently, in her post office reform, she has
led the world with an equal noble spirit of philan-
thropy, in saying to the imprisoned mind, Thy chains
are broken—intellect, be free. Yet, if we should be-
lieve what we hear in this House, we should regard
her as not possessing a single virtue, as a pirate up-
on the high seas, a land robber, to war with whom
would be a work of patriotism. It has appeared to
me at times that honorable members upon this floor,
m hurling their shafts so indiscriminately at her, had
forgotten that they held in their hands the peace and
happiness of a generous and confiding people, and
were unmindful that any act of theirs could en-
danger it; and were speaking for "Buncombe,"
thinking that some ignorant but honest hunter of the
prairie would regard it as a justifiable overflowing
of an indignant patriotism.' It is fortunate that
Great Britain understands the dignity of her posi-
tion too well to return these assaults in the same em-
bittered spirit in which she is assailed. If she
should do so, how soon would our shores be lit up
with the blaze of war, and hostile cannon echo along
our borders? Then would come the dreadful ac-
companiment of war, for death would go forth
through the listening darkness of the night, and
"exult and clap his raven wings" over the embat-
tled plain beneath a noonday sun.
I stand not up here as the advocate of Great
Britain when in the wrong, but to protest against
the urging forward so dreadful a state of things, be-
cause we fear she is disposed to interfere with our
grasping an empire for the purpose of affirming the
negative proposition that extending the bounds of
slavery is, in fact, widening the area of freedom, or
because we are unwilling to wait a reasonable tirre
for those negotiations which we have engaged to
have with her in regard to the boundaries of Ore-
gon; and are ready to mete out to her a blow in ad-
vance of the word. When it shall become neces-
sary for us to maintain our clearly defined rights
and national honor against the unjustifiable assaults
of Great Britain, I, too, will say, "Let it come!"
Should it come under such circumstances, we shall
not go down in a cloud of infamy; for, in a just
cause, the strong arm of high Heaven will be with
us, the god of battles will be on ourside, the nation's
heart will pulsate as that of a single man, and we
shall present the awful, yet grand spectacle of a
world in arms; and shall dare say to her all con-
quering waves, "Thus far shalt thou come, and no
farther." And if her advancing legions dare ovei-
leap the bounds, "every hill will blaze with ven-
geance;" and in the midst of the death-rattle of the
thunder-guns of earth, a million of swords will leap
from their scabbards; and as we rollback her waves,
each mountain peak will bear aloft and echo onwards
the shouts of victory; and we shall come out of the
strife with a brighter panoply; we shall rise still
higher in the scale of national glory, recording our
deeds in a loftier niche, high up upon the scrolls of
fame. But this will never come under such circum-
stances. Great Britain will never trust her fortunes
in so doubtful a scale. If it comes at all, it will be
in consequence of some overt act of ours, which
she regards as clearly violating the luws of nation?.
Yet we are told that it has already come; that si e
cherishes an undying hatred of us, and that she is
ready to pounce upon us, in the face and eyes of all
right, to gratify her insatiable love of extended en-
pire, and vent her spleen against the American pec-
ple- This is not so, Mr. Chairman. A broader
spirit of philanthropy has taken possession of
Christian nations, and unjust wars will be no longer
tolerated. The world is beginning to learn that,
after it has been drenched in blood for years, diplo-
macy must do the work. Let us be just, and claim
with firmness our rights, treating Great Britain with
that courtesy only to which she is entitled, and
there is not the man living who will see the day that
she will draw the lance with us to drench these
plains again in kindred blood. The prejudices of
the past are dying away with the generation that
has gone to join the gathered dead; and the time is
not distant, in my humble opinion, when we shall
be constrained to say of her whom we have so long
regarded as a cruel and oppressive mother, "Eng-
land, with all thy faults, I love thee still;" and
when she will regard her refractory child with a
mother's fondness and just national pride. A mu-
tual ambition and friendly sympathy is now existing
between us, which breaks forth in spirit of exulta-
tion upon every fitting occasion, of which I was
never so well convinced as upon an occasion a few
years since, when in Liverpool. The steamer
British Queen came into port, on her way around
from Greenock, in Scotland, to London, pre-
paratory to her first trip to America. Signal
guns upon the distant headlands heralded her
approach; the shipping, housetops, and shores,
were swarming with human beings. S>ie passed
uptheMeiseya floating empire, dancing and cur-
vetting with all the gracefulness of a sxvan, and the
nimbleness of a dolphin over the waves. When
abreast of the town, she unfurled the flag of the
free—"the star-spangled banner"—to the breeze;
beautiful emblem, unde," whose wings young Liberty
expanded her pinions, and winged her flight over a
thousand hills; it enfolded and entwined around the
lions of England, mother and daughter in maternal
embrace, over that noblest of all steamships, and
mighty wanderer over the deep. Steamer after
steamer swept around her, firing salutes at each
successive round, in the midst of the waving of
white kerchiefs, and the joyous shouts of the innu-
merable multitude. The well apportioned bands
struck up "Hail Columbia" and "God save the
Glueen." In the first port of the mightiest empire
upon earth—it was a noble tribute to my country—
American hearts beat high, and American voices
joined joyously the loud hurrah. May this spirit
go on extending until it shall reach every citizen of
this noble republic, and every subject of that mighty
