Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Colquitt.
Senate.
usual operation of laws passed by Congress to take
effect immediately, without the consent of, or con-
sultation with, second or third parties, we are
reluctant to admit the power to make contracts in
enacting laws. If it be conceded that Congress can
pass a law, which requires the concurrence of some
other party in order to make that law binding, it
seems to me to settle the whole question of power
involved in the measure under discussion. Our stat-
ute book abounds with laws recognising this pow-
er upon the part sf Congress to the fullest extent,
without any voice having been raised, of any party,
to challenge its constitutionality. How many laws
have been passed, by which public lands have been
sold, and conveyed to purchasers? Does this not
recognise the principle of making contracts by legis-
lation? You pass a law putting up land at public
auction, and declare that the highest bidder above a
minimum price, which you fix, by complying with
certain conditions, shall have the title. What effect
has the law, if no person is found to comply with
its conditions? Does it force compliance? Can it
be made operative? Such law presupposes the con-
sent of another party ? That consent, when given,
constitutes a binding contract, between this govern-
ment upon the one part, and some second party
upon the other. How long has it been since Con-
gress passed laws proposing to borrow money? Did
you not fix the rate of interest you were willing to
pay, and the time of payment? Did not these laws
presuppose the consent and concurrence of some
other party to give them effect? By the agreement
upon the part of another to the terms proposed, did
it not become a contract, constitutional, legal, and
binding upon both parties? Ay, sir, suppose Texas
had possessed the ability to have made the proposed
loan, and had complied with the stipulations of
the law of Congress: would there not have been a
contract, constitutional, legal, and binding between
the two governments? Congress has the power to
borrow money, and can make a contract for that
purpose. Congress has the power to admit new
States in the Union, and can fix the terms under the
constitution for that purpose. The laws in both
cases make propositions, not compulsory nor bind-
ing until the terms are accepted, but, when accept-
ed, become an obligatory contract upon the par-
ties concerned. How many laws now stand
upon your statute book, by which compacts have
been made between the general government and
some one of the States? Lands have been pur-
chased, privileges bought, and rights secured
to the general government, by simple acts of
legislation upon the part of the two govern-
ments. Who can doubt that the principle is iden-
tical in those eases and the one before the Senate,
though the circumstances differ? Propositions
have been made by the State governments, and
have been accepted by this; they have been made
by commissioners appointed by each, and ratified
by both; thus showing that a compact may be made
by Congress in these various ways with individuals
and with governments. We are settling no new
principle by the present action of Congress; but
merely applying an old and well settled principle to
a new case, which has for the first time occurred un-
der the constitution.
Can it be said that all the cases cited are within
the limits and jurisdiction of the United States, and
that therefore the principles involved are changed and
subverted, when applied to cases beyond our juris-
diction? I think not. The constitution does not in
terms make any difference; and the practical opera-
tion of our government only illustrates and proves
the doctrines I have already advanced. Instead of
passing acts, by which contracts are made with
States, why do we not make treaties? The rights
which are reserved by the States are as sacred, and
as much beyond the reach of the jurisdiction of the
general government, as if held by foreign States.
iNo difficulty could arise from the grant of power
m making treaties, but arises solely from the struc-
ture of the government. The States themselves be-
ing the parties to the general government, the very
definition of treaty, which can only be made inter
alius, would make a negotiation nothing more than
a contract or compact between them. But these
compacts establish the existence of power in Con-
gress to contract; and that power, by the constitu-
tion, is not limited to our internal regulations. The
grant to make contracts is applicable to both our in-
ternal and external relations. The treaty-making
power, being equally abroad, is not restrained by its
grant, but from the structure of the government.
When this proposition of annexing Texas by an
act of Congress was made, at the opening of the ses-
sion, I flattered myself we should have had the
hearty co-operation of the honorable senator from
"Virginia, [Mr. Archer,] who has favored us with
this repoit. Jflamnot mistaken, he has reversed
his position since the eighth day of last June. We
were then considering a treaty, which had been ne-
gotiated between this government and Texas, when
the honorable senator denied that "the treaty-making
power, the President and Senate," could acquire
Texas by treaty; but admitted that "Congress, the
two Houses of legislation," had the competency to
admit it as a State. The treaty was rejected, and
now, by the report which he has submitted to the
Senate, when Congress is acting on this suggestion,
he declares that Congress has no such constitutional
power, but that the treaty-making power alone is
the "handmaid" by which it can be accomplished.
[Mr. Archer desired to say that, upon a former
occasion, he had, before he had thoroughly exam-
ined the subject, said that Congress could admit
Texas as a State.]
Mr. C. resumed: sir, I regret this change. The
high character that the honorable senator had won
for himself, during a long life of public service,
would have justified the belief, that when he made
his speech on the 8th day of last June, he was ac-
quainted with the organization of this government,
and his speech exhibits the convictions of a mind
thoroughly made up. I will read a part of the sen-
ator's speech made on this subject. He says:
"He admitted then a power in our government to acquire
a foreign territory; whether original or induced, it did not
matter to inquire. The power, as it hud "been most bene-
ficially exerted, admitted of resort again, if exigency
should demand, as in case of Louisiana, or advantage per-
suade, as in that of the two Floridas. He went still further.
He recognised the authority to admit foreign States in the
confederacy. He knew the ground on which this proposi-
tion had been denied, denounced, and made the subject of
apprehension. This did not hinder his recognition of it.
The phrase in the constitution was of the largest character:
'Congress shall have power to admit new states into the
Union.' Where shall the sanction be found for limitation
on the operation of language of this generality and com-
prehensiveness?"
After completing his argument to establish his
position, he says:
"Our government was then endued with capacity to ac-
quire a foreign territory, or admit a foreign State. On what
ground, then, it would be asked, could he (Mr. A ) deny, as
he did, the capacity to take Texas under the present treaty?
The difficulty, apparent only, was susceptible of an ea«y
explication. The treaty-making power m our government
—the President and Senate—had aul hority to acquire terri-
tory; but Texas was not a mere territory; we had acknowl-
edged her as a State—a political, as distinguished from a
mere numerical, community, which a territory was. Nor
had her government, 1-y which she was represented, in the
formation of this treaty, shown the only authority "which
could be admitted, by the principles of her government and
ours, as valid, to prove the fact that she stood resolved, from
the condition of a political community, m which we had
acknowledged her to be existing, into a territorial form, in
which we had never known her. The treaty-making power
had then no competence to admit Texas, being no territory.
But Texas might be admitted as a State. True. But Con-
gress—the two Houses of legislation—were invested with
the exercise of this competence, and even the Senate were
not the legislature.''
These were the views expressed by the chairman,
while we were considering a treaty of annexation.
The senator was truly very anxious to acquire Tex-
as then, as he is now; but the constitution, fiom
which no honorable representative dare depart,
even to accommodate the people, was in the way.
A treaty was not the plan; you might acquire
territory by treaty, but Texas was a State, and
could only be admitted by Congress! How unfor-
tunate that we cannot have both plans before us at
the same time; for, having disposed of the treaty,
an attempt is made to mee  the constitutional scru-
ples of the senator by legislative action, when he
presents a labored report to prove that Congress
cannot accomplish this measure, no matter how de-
sirable; for the treaty-making power answers to its
proper name in the constitution, is the exterior
handmaid for the domestic powers, and can alone
perform this function; so that, taking the speech
and report, they undoubtedly prove that we can
acquire foreign territory, and admit a foreign State;
but that Texas is so situated that it can neither be
acquired nor admitted. These different positions
can be easily explained, no doubt; but, in the mean-
time, the acquisition of Texas will lie lost, from
the great facility of the constitution in changing its
features so as to be always a bar.
[Mr. Archer remarked that he really desired to
admit Texas; and, but for the constitutional diffi-
culty, would vote for it now. He desired further
to say, that he believed Texas would be annexed,
and that in a short time, in a constitutional way.]
Mr. Colquitt resumed. I have but little doubt
that such will be the fact at this very session. I am
gratified that we have the senator's sympathies, but
would prefer his vote. I will not press this unfor-
tunate change, lest I should be supposed hard to
please; for I am reminded of the reply of one of
our western orators, who was charged in a public
discussion by his adversary with having voted two
ways upon the same question, and produced the
proof. The speaker very promptly replied that his
adversary "was certainly.very hard to please, for
you see that I have voted both -ways, and yet he is
not satisfied."
[Mr. Archer smilingly said, "I accept the re-
ply."]
I confess, however, (said Mr. Colquitt,) that I
shoyld greatly have preferred his having made mis-
takes the other way, and have entertained his pres-
ent sentiments last June, and the sentiments he ex-
pressed then have held now.
I will proceed with my argument. From the
opinions I have expressed, and the arguments I
have labored to present, you will perceive, sir, that
if the adversaries of the resolutions insist that they
do no more than make propositions for a contract
with Texas, we have the constitutional power
to pass them. One of the stipulations would then
be, that if Texas assents to the conditions we ten-
der, she shall be admitted as a State into the Union.
But why are senators so startled at the proposition
to admit as a new State foreign territory by an act
of Congress? They do not deny the power of Con-
gress to admit a new State into the Union, but ut-
terly deny that Congress can admit a new State, if
the territory be foreign.
But why may not Congress admit a foreign
territory as a State? Is it for the want of dele-
gated power? I think not, for the power to ad-
mit new States is unrestricted; and, so far as the
mere grant is concerned, recognises no distinc-
' tion between foreign and internal territory. The
difficulty does not result from the want of delegated
power; but from the fact, that in the exertion of that
power, you may infract a right protected by the
constitution. Whenever it happens that Congress
cannot act for the want of delegated power, there ia
no remedy but by a change of the constitution. But
when the power is contained in an unrestricted grant,
the propriety of its exercise must depend upon what
rights may be infringed by it. A law may be un-
constitutional, although the general grant exists, au-
thorizing its passage; not for the want of delegated
power, but because the enforcement of such law
might violate some right secured by the constitution.
The history of Texas, in its relation? with this
country, affords an illustration of the distinction 1
draw, and the position I assume. In 1803, when
Louisiana was purchased,'this country was included;
hence at any time from that year up to 1819, Con-
gress might have extended her jurisdiction over it.
How does it happen that, after 1819, this govern-
ment was prevented from exercising such jurisdis-
tion? The answer is, that the treaty with Spain in-
terfered with our former rights! But does the ma-
king of a treaty change any grant contained in the
constitution, or abridge any of the powers delegat-
ed by that instrument to Congress? To say so, in-
i j volves an absurdity; for the power to make treaties is
itself derived from a constitutional grant, and its
exercise cannot change the constitution, or destroy
any other power delegated by it. If, then, the pow-
er to extend our jurisdiction existed in Congress
prior to 1819, that power was not destroyed by the
treaty; but its exercise would have violated stipula-
tions by which this government was bound. The
constitution holds treaty stipulations sacred, and
the exercise of a legislative function, which would
violate by its enforcement those rights, would be un-
constitutional for that reason only. If this reason-
ing be just, it mus£be apparent to the Senate, that,
if the right thus secured by treaty should be cedpd,
or the treaty abandoned, the constitutional difficuly
would be at once removed. If, after the treaty of
1819, by which Texas _ was ceded to Spain, that
government had relinquished the country to the
United States, and had yielded all the rights to it
which had been derived from the treaty, could we
not have extended our jurisdiction without any vio-
lation of the constitution? Would not our right and
our power have been as ample and complete as they
were before the treaty? Suppose we had paid Spam
for the relinquishment of the right: would not her
acquiescence have removed the only obstacle to our
legislation? Suppose the people of Texas, while
they were uttering their remonstrances against being
