£54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1843.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Colquitt.
Sehate;,
transferred to a despoticgovernment, hadmadetertns
with Spain, inducing her to yield the rights to this,
government, which she had acquired by virtue of the
treaty :wonld Congress have been,fettered by any con-
stitutional restriction from affording them the protec-
tion of our laws? I think not; and therefore conclude,
that the extension of our jurisdiction, and the em-
bracing new States, is limited only by the rights
which may be infracted, and not from the want of
^delegated power in the constitution. Such difficul-
ties can always be removed by acquiring those
rights which would be infringed,or by passing laws
not to be enforced in violation of them. So that,
whether we acquire Texas by purchase, by con-
quest, or by any other mode, the barrier is at once
wholly removed; for the delegated power to admit
the State has no other restriction. X am aware that
it may be said that this difficulty has not yet been
removed; that Texas has not yet been acquired, and
therefore our legislation is premature! To this 1 an-
swer, that if the law be passed so as not to infringe
or violate, when enforced, the rights of Texas, there
can be no possible objection; for those rights only
are the tests of the propriety or the impropriety of
our action. By the resolutions which passed the
House ofRepresentatives, and await now the con-
currence of the Senate, instead of violating any of
the rights of the government of Texas, those rights
are fully acknowledged and duly respected. It is a
matter of n o consequence, either as to the powers of
Congress or the rights of Texas, whether those
rights are first acquired, and then legislate; or legis-
late first, but subject to the consent and acquiescence
of that government. Legislation, in either form,
does not transcend the powers of Congress, or vio-
late any right of the people of Texas.
The argument I have just madeis based upon the
supposition, that by admitting Texas as a State, this
government acquires the territory of -Texas. I have
thought proper to enforce this view, because it seems
impossible for some minds to conceive how Texas
can become a member of the Union, unless this gov-
ernment does thereby acquire her territory. To my
mind, the distinction is manifest; and tliat by the
resolutions from the House, we acquire no territory,
but leave Texas, as a Slate, possessed of her entire
domain, to dispose of as she pleases, under our con-
stitution; fixing only the terms by which she may
become a confederate. The acquisition of territory
is one thing; the admission of a State is another,
and totally different. Look a moment to the condi-
tion of the old thirteen States, when they formed an
alliance by the articles of confederation for safety
and defence. Did either of the States, or all of
them, acquire additional territory? Did that gov-
ernment, which they constituted for the general ad-
vantage of the States, acquire any territory? 1 sup-
pose no senator will deny that the territory of each
State remained with the States, as fully as before their
alliance was formed. They would not only have
been w illing, but were anxious, to interest Nova
Scotia, Florida, and Canada, in the great cause of
independence. They fondly hoped that these
political communities would throw off their alle-
giance to foreign powers—rally with them
around the standard of freedom—and stand by
them, side by side, in the ranks of war, battling
for independence. Such an alliance upon the part
of Canada, Florida, and Nova Scotia, with the thir-
teen revolting States, would not have been an acqui-
sition of territory by them, nor by the government
which had been constituted by the articles of con-
federation. The adoption of the federal constitu-
tion after the war of independence had closed, did
not change the character of the domain within the
States; but was merely, as it was intended, a more
perfect bond of union between them. The illustra-
tion that has been given by one of the delegates from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] and which has been
ur°-e(l\vithgieitability by senators here, is, to my
mind conclusive, not only as to the truth of this po-
sition', but likewise to the action of our government
"'''When the constitution was submitted to the States
for ratification, it was ordained that the acquies-
cence of lime should be necessary to _ its adoption.
It further ordained, that it should be binding only on
those States which should ratify. The question at
once arises, what was the situation of those otates
which refused to ratify after the new government
was adopted5 The old confederation was dissolved,
and to the new government they were not parties.
Their having participated in the war of the rtvolu-
tion did not make them parties, for France partici-
pated very efficiently, and yet none dare assert that
her alliance in the war made her a member of the
government formed after the war. The States, then,
of Rhode Island and North Carolina, having re-
fused to ratify the constitution, were sovereign, inde-
pendent governments, not connected with, nor in
any wise controlled by, the confederated States, or
the newly formed government. These separate
governments went into full operation; and while
ailed in spirit, feelings, and general principles, were,
as governments, foreign to each other. The admis-
sion of these States—these independent political
communities into the Union with the eleven States,
which already composed it—was the admitting of
new and foreign States, in the broad acceptation of
the term. Yet no one ever supposed that the gen-
eral government, by having added this additional
strength to the Union, had acquired additional terri-
tory? What were the terms of their admission? or,
if gentlemen prefer, what was the contract between
these States and thegeneral government? They had
to give up their revenue laws, public property, and'
conform their governments to the constitution.
These terms were necessary to admission; they as-
sented to the conditions as sovereign, independent
States, and were admitted into the Union under
that clause of the constitution by which Congress
was empowered to admit new States. Honorable
senators seem to blend the idea of acquiring territo-
ry and admitting States, and thereby produce con-
fusion. Itis insisted that we must acquire territory
by treaty ! Let this be so, and it does not touch
the argument. For it is absolutely certain that you
cannot admit a State into the Union by treaty; that
power being conferred alone upon Congress. The
honorable senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Choate,] after having fatigued himself, in the in-
dulgence of his exuberant fancy, playing bowls
with the moon and stars, paused to rest himself on
the outside of the constitution; and by a view of its
exterior structure, concluded that we could neither
acquire Texas by treaty, nor admit her as a State,
without violating that instrument. It is true, he
admitted that we could treat for a part, if it did not
include the whole; and the part acquired by treaty
might be admitted by Congress as a State. If the
honorable senator "will pardon me, I think he yields
the principle, and relies upon the effects or results to
be produced by its exercise. So far as the principle
of acquiring territory is concerned, it is as com-
pletely settled, when you admit the power to pur-
chase the quantity that could be covered by a heel-
tap, as if its extent was fifteen hundred miles square.
The effects might be very different. If Texas has
the power to dispose of one foot of her territory, she
has the right to dispose of all. The results- from
such disposition cannot affect the principle. The
senator [Mr. Choate] endeavors to sustain the
views advanced by the senatoi from Virginia, [Mr.
Rives,] that the framers of the constitution intended
to restrict this grant; and that, although its phrase-
ology is sufficiently comprehensive, cotemporaneous
history proves that they intended it to apply only to
the then jurisdiction of the United States.
These"arguments were so ably met by the honor-
able senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Henderson,]
by referring to the order of time in which the sev-
eral propositions were made and rejected, that I will
not trespass by their repetition. I will beg leave to
strengthen his position, so well fortified by himself,
by reading an extract from a letter written by Mr.
Gouverneur Morris to Henry W. Livingston, dated
the 25th November, 1803. He says:
"lam very certain that I had it not in contemplation to
insert a decree, tie toercendo impcrio, in the constitution of
America."
"Another reason of equal %«ight must have prevented me
from thinking of such a clause. I Vnrw as u-ell then as I do
nolo that all North America must, at length, be annexed to
us. Happy, indeed, if the lust of dominion stop there, it
would, therefore, have been perfectly Utopian to oppose a
paper restriction to the violence of popular sentiment in a
popular government"
The writer of this letter has been appealed to by
senators to prove that the motions he made m the
convention that framed the constitution to strike out
particular sections which were carried, demonstrate
that it was their intention to limit our boundaries to
the then jurisdiction of the United States. This let-
ter to Mr. Livingston puts forever to rest such con-
clusion.
The senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Choate,]
read sketches from the history of the times to prove
that tlie framers of the constitution must have known
that there was no probability of Canada being
united with us, and that, therefore, they never could
have contemplated such thing in framing the consti-
tution. My answer to this is, that most men arfe i
little wiser as to wliat has happened, than as to what
will happen. It is much easier to prophesy correctly
of the past than of the future. For while 1 cannot
say but that the senator could have foretold the im-
probability of any union with Canada, had he lived
in the days of the revolution, I can say that, if he
had, his sagacity was far more penetrating than Dr.
Franklin's, who not only thought it practicable, but
employed his skill for its accomplishment. Our fa-
thers, in that day, were so imbued, with the spirit of
liberty, that they certainly thought, and desired, that
the principles of free government would and should
prevail throughout the North American continent,
and, I think, provided in the constitution for that
wished for event.
1 will detain the Senate no longer upon the con-
stitutional question. • The next objection urged
against the passage of these resolutions, is that it
will be a breach of national faith? That it will be,
ipsa facto, war with Mexico. Sir, 1 will not argue
this oft refuted pretext for opposing this measure.
I will not believe that gentlemen are serious, when
they urge this as a reason for their opposition. It
is but an effort to summon up the frightful spectre
of war and blood, to terrify the timid from its sup-
port. The people of this country are too well ac-
quainted with the history of the Mexican and Tex-
ian revolutions, to be made to believe that Texas was
ever a part of the present government of Mexico.
They are too well acquainted with the history of
our own revolution, and the sacred principles of our
own declaration of independence, to be beguiled into
an acknowledgement that a free government can ex-
with a jealousy too fearful and scrutinizing, the am-
ist "de facto," and not exist "dejure." They watched,
bitious march of the usurper, in his overthrow of the
constitution of 1824, the ready submission of, the
Mexican States to a military despotism, and the
proud bearing of Texas in the maintenance of her
sovereignty, her liberty, and her rights, to be de-
ceived now, by declaring her a dependency of Mex-
ico.
You underrate the intelligence of the American
people, by suppposing they can be made the dupes
of these imaginary phantoms, conjured up to alarm
their fears and mislead their judgments. "War
with Mexico!" If ours were a nation of women,
this attempted outrage upon their understandings
and courage would induce them to throw off the
delicacy of their sex, and in flood and field vindicate
their characters for intelligence and virtue- Mexico
sought to subjugate Texas, not by war, but by mur-
der, rapine, and plunder. At no period of the history
of that bloody conflict did Mexico wage a war against
Texas that could have been recognised as war by the
civilized nations of the world. A military despot, after
having trampled down the constitution of the country
over which he had been elected-to preside, after hav-
ing swept away, at a single move, the sovereignty
and rights of the States, marched to Texas, at the
head of his hired myrmidons, to strangle, in the
cradle, the last Child of freedom in the republic.
Blight and desolation followed in the wake of his
bloody soldiery. Extermination was the order of
the commander; and while property was but the law-
ful prey of the plundering army, the decrepitude of
age excited no pity; helpless infancy no compas-
sion; and the tears of Innocence and beauty not
one feeling of commiseration or regret. Yet this
is called "war!" The christian nations of the earth
must recognise this system of indiscriminate plun-
der and relentless murder as civilized warfare!
Who can read the loathsome chronicles of Goliad
and Alamo, and note the conduct of Santa Anna,
doubly steeped in baseness, fraud, and blood, and,
for one moment, admit that there ever was a war,
entitled to be called such, between Mexico and
Texas? But call it to or! It terminated gloriously
on the plains of San Jacinto, favorable to justice, to
i! liberty, and to Texas. Tyranny and the'tyrant to-
il gether fell; and when the bloody head of the unfeel-
i'i ing assassin might have made some partial atone-
ij ment for the hecatombs of freemen he had slaugh-
i tered, the people of Texas, who had fed, in child-
ij hood, upon woman's generous bosom, gave him
11 time for repentance, and the tyrant went free.
li Texas has to-day a more stable, independent, and
I1 abiding government than Mexico; and yet gentle-
: I men speak of our violating national faith when we
! treat its government as sovereign and independent.
These are the merest subterfuges behind which
gentlemen seek to shelter themselves from the just
wratli of an indignant people, whose voice they are
disregarding. The true grounds of hostility to this
