258
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1845.
28th Cong.. ..2d Sess.
Army Appropriation Bill—Mr. Stiles.
H. of Reps.
turingthe second, when, by a like catastrophe, he
lost them both. Observe the numerous other terri-
ble disasters which occurred on board of our nation-
al ships, which time would fail me, did my familiar-
ity with our naval history permit me, to-recall.
•But why should I- refer to history—why look to
other times? Why recount the evils of such disas-
ters to those who, within the short space of one
year, have been the eye-witnesses of that which,
from the circumstances under which it"happened,
and the rank of those who suffered, was the most
dreadful 6f themall.'
Can any of us forget when, during our last ses-
sion, a gallant and enterprising officer of our navy,
having prepared a gun of such magnitude as was
calculated, as he supposed, to effect a mighty rev-
olution in modern warfare, when, with heartfelt
pride, he brought his discovery to the capital of the
nation^ to exhibit to the highest authorities and col-
lected wisdom of the land, and when by'its fatal ex-
plosion there was sent from time into eternity, in a
moment, without a murmur or a groan, a Secretary
of State, a Secretary of the Navy, a distinguished
diplomatist, a gallant commodore, and a gentleman
of great private worth; a disaster which clad our
public edifices in mourning and covered our city
with gloom.
But I turn from these painful reflections. From
such disasters under the present system we have no
protection. It is the effect of the contract arrange-
ment to encourage rather than avoid their lecurtence.
By this course, we exclude the light of experience,
the aid of science, and hold on with blind devotion
t > a practice which must inevitably and eternally in-
volve us in similar difficulties.
These accidents themselves prove, if the opinions
of the most scientific officers in this country or in
Europe were entitled to no weight, that no proof
can be relied on to test the efficiency of an iron can-
non.- In other weapons an approaching failure is
indicated in advance, and in time to avoid, the fatal
consequencs of its bursting; but the weakness of
ordnance cannot be discovered until after the catas-
trophe has happened.
Experience has established that cannon, after hav-
ing withstood the severe ordeal of the prescribed
proofs, and received the approval of the inspecting
officers, have burst at the very next fire, even with
a greatly reduced charge.
There is no effectual remedy for this uncertainty
in the quality of iron cannon and the disastrous con-
sequences which may ensue, but that of commenc-
ing the inspection and control of government officers
at the earliest stages of its manufacture, and contin-
uing their supervision throughout all the operations
from the beginning to the end .
Defective guns would scarcely ever, if otany time,
be furnished from a national foundry; not only lie-
cause they may, at such an institution, be rejected
at any stage of their fabrication—not only on ac-
count of the superior skill and closer supervision of
scientific officers, but because there every gun would
be marked, and every one in the slightest degree en-
gaged in its fabrication would he known.
whilst the responsibility of a private contractor
would ccase whenever the gun had passed through
the requisite proofs, that of an officer would ondute
so long as a gun made under his direction remained
in service. Private contractors have not, in general,
the scientific knowledge, and certainly not the pro-
fessional responsibility, of our officers. 13utbesides
these, they have not a sufficient inducement even to
procure the best materials; and certainly are not to
be ^cpected to expend their fortunes in experiments,
so essential to the fabrication of cannon, when they
will not be reimbursed by the government. Of the
effect of these advantages on the one hand, and dis-
advantages on the other, in the fabrication of can-
non, we have only to look at the striking contrast
between the proof of guns at the. public foundries
ofEurope, and those of the private establishments
of this country.
In the fabrication of ordnance for the English na-
vy, it is said that only four guns have burst in proof
in the last fourteen years; and that, in the last
eighteen months, in a contract for 3,000 guns, not
one has burst; whilst their tests are more severe
than those adopted in this country. In short, a late
■writer in the Liverpool Journal, who had visited the
Low Moor Iron Works, during the month of No-
vember last, states, as to their cannon, that —"The
bursting of one, after it has undergone the Wool-
wich test, is now regarded as an impossibility.17
But how is it with us? I perceive by the inspection-
&ookof the Ordnance .bureau of the navy, that in
1843, at Page's foundry, in Baltimore, out of six
guns offered for inspection, on the first charge, three
out of six burst, and all were rejected.
In the same year, at the Columbian foundry, in
this District, out of fifteen guns offered, eleven were
found to be cracked in the caskable, and after being
bolted and screwed as well as could be done, three
of them burst at the next fire with a common ser-
vice charge.
In 1843, atTredagar works, Virginia, out of forty
guns offered for inspection, seventeen cracked, and
three burst.
In 1844, at the Bellona foundry—just above Rich-
mond—out of thirty-nine guns offered, nineteen
burst, and all were rejected.
There is, then, no obstacle, on the score of met-
als, to our improvement in the fabrication of ord-
nance in this country; but the difficulty lies in their
preparation: that, with sufficient scientific knowl-
edge, it requires a constant supervision and vigi-
lance, which can only be obtained by means of a
foundry under the entire control of the government,
where skilful practical officers can attend during the
whole process of fabrication.
3d. Perfection in mechanical execution.
Perfection in execution is not to be looked for un-
der the present system, where the contracts are given
to the lowest bidder, and where those contracts are
frequently sold out by the bidders to those who have
no knowledge whatever of the business. The gov-
ernment being the only purchaser of cannon, whilst
it has neglected to establish national foundries, it
has presented but little inducement to the owners of
private foundries to improve or perfect expensive
machinery. Again: the public contracts are based
upon uncertain annual appropriations, and are ne-
cessarily limited to small quantities and to short pe-
riods of time; and the contractor, when he has com-
pleted one contract, is not sure whether he will ob-
tain another, or what quantity or kind may again be
required; and therefore, under the operation of so
uncertain a system, he has but little stimulant to
uige him to the acquirement of perfection in mechan-
ical execution.
Besides, if a private contractor fails in his execu-
tion, the government has no means of discovering
the faults of construction, by which past errors may
be made to contribute to future perfection; or, on the
other hand, should he succeed m discovering any
new and valuable improvement, he naturally retains
its benefit to himself, and the interest of the country
is not advanced. It is his right to enjoy all the ad-
vantages of his superior skill and knowledge, and it
is his mteiest to prevent the use of bis improvement
by others without ampin compensation.
But it is far otherwise with a national foundry,
which, from the more extended means, the applica-
tion to it of greater skill and knowledge, and its
constant employment in the fabrication of ordnance
alone, will not only afford greater facilities for ad-
vancing a knowledge of the art of working metals,
but it will possess the additional advantage of freely
diffusing all the information which may be thus ac-
quiied. Any improvement which may be made at
a public establishment will be open and free to the
public generally, and all concerned m similar pur-
suit?, may profit by the results
The advantage of a government over private in-
stitutions in acquiring perfection in execution, is
fully established in the course pursued by the Uni-
ted States in the manufacture of small arms.
Whilst the fabrication of ordnance has always
been committed to private foundries, there has been
no improvement in our cannon; and now, as for-
merly, we continue to use an article much inferior
to those made and u&cd by the nations of Europe,
—the most experienced transatlantic officers and ar-
tisans admit that the rifles and muskets now made
in this country are superior in point of finish and
workmanship to the best made m Europe. And
this vast improvement in the construction of small
arms is owing, doubtless, altogether to the early es-
tablishment and constant, support given to the na-
tional armories at Springfield and Harper's Ferry,
which sprang into existence upon the recommenda-
tion and under the administration of Gen. Washing-
ton. In adopting this measure, then, we are not le-
gislating in the dark, but with the lights of expe-
rience before us. The experiment has been made,
and it has succeeded. Is there an argument for the
establishment of national armories, that does not ap-
ply with equal and greater force to the establish-
ment of national foundries? May'we not reasona-
bly expect from a government establishment similar
and equal improvement in the fabrication of ord-
nance to that which occurred in the manufacture of
small arms? and are theie not as many and as
weighty reasons for improvement in the one case as
the other? It cannot be contradicted that a cannon
is a weapon the quality of which is of infinitely
greater importance, and the consequences attending
its explosion infinitely more disastrous.
4. Certainty of supply-
The greater the number of foundries in the coun-
try, and the greater the control of the government
over them, the greater must be the certainty of s'up-
p]y-
It is calculated that our nation is unprovided at
least with more than one-fifth the cannon and one-
tenth the shot which its plans of defence require;
and an intelligent officer of our navy has supposed
that it would be impossible to obtain that supply in
sevtn years, were the whole national treasury at the
disposal of the ordnance department.
It is obvious and indisputable, that a foundry
owned by and under the sole management and
control of the government, may be relied on with
moie certainty than an institution owned by private
individuals, over which the government can exer-
cise no power, and which, whenever the interest or
inclination of its proprietors would dictatc, might
be engaged in other more profitable or preferable
employment than the fabrication of government ord-
nance.
But it must be recollected that it is neither the
objcct nor effect- of this amendment, or desirable to
its advocates, to stop a single private, foundry in the
country; in fact, one of the objects of this system,
as well as one of the greatest benefits in anticipation
from it, is, the healthful and active competition
which it must create between the public and private
foundries, similar to that which exists now between
public and private armories which is attended with
so many advantages; advantages which would soon
cease to be felt if the manufacture of small arms were
committed exclusively to either the public or private
armories.
Whilst on this point—the ccrtainty of supply—I
beg leave to refer the committee to the letter of
Commodore Crane, chief of the bureau of ordnance
and hydrography, to be found amongthe documents
which accompanied the President's last annual mes-
sage to this House, and by which it appears that
cannon contracted for in 1842 are not yet delivered,
and they have now but the hope that the contract
will be completed in June, 1845.
"NovyMT5F.il 21,
''Sir: I have the honor to inform you that the proviso in
the act >nakjng appiopnations tor the naval ^uivjce foi the
year ending Juneftf), 18/1d. which requires that all materials
Jor the navy be furnished by contiact, operates greatly to
the prejudice of this bureau and to the public mteiest,"and
does not ?uiKciently guard the interests oi the United btates,
or provide for the security of our ships and seamen.
"J-.(torts to prof ure good cannon and powder under this
piovisy, which iorce.-rtie acceptance of the <• .est bidder,
be he a jobber in contracts or a bona Jain m .:.ifacturer of
the article bid for, have resulted in frequent and inconve-
nient disappointment'.
"The contract for cannon, dated Pecrmber, 1S42, failed on
the part of the contractor, by the bursting ?nd rejection of
the guns delivered for proot; another contract, for the same
giuis, d.ited 13th August, 18-bJ, failed, m consequence oi the
inability ot the contractor to comply with his engagement.
"On the 20th August last, the same guns were aw arded to
the lowest bidder, who thereupon refused to comply with
his own bid, and after a delay of nearly two years, have
been let now (tor the fourth time) to a rc-ponsible person,
who, it is believed, v. ill complete a delivery of the guns m
June, l 4o, which were to have been delivered by the 1st
December, 1S-I3
"The lowest bidder for the supply of powder did not ap-
pear when tlie contract \ws declared, (lJih November,
1HW.) uoi the next, and again the third; and when let to the
fomth, who whs the first responsible contractor who come
forwaid, nearly the whole contract faiWi, from the bad
quality ol tin- pov\d<r delivered. and at a late pei.od, under
absolute necessity, the buieau had to go into the marivet
and piocure the supply.
"It n iny conviction, that so important a matter as the
supply ofcannon and powder lor tne naval semoe should
not be suih'ied to depend so mueh uponthc ability of a con-
tractor to meet the forfeit of a non-compliance, as upon the
known ability of a bidder to furnish a L>od a« tide, to se.
cure whirh advantage to theeui.ntn , ? weuld ^pcctfuliy
recommend, w ith great earnestness* th it far as ordnancw
and ammunition for the navy no afieeted by the proviso
above reierred to, it be so modiiied as to exempt them from
its action.
"1 have the honor to lie, with great respect, your obedient
scr\ ant,
" W. A'J. CKAISK.
"Hon J Y Mason, Secretary of the Navy."
As regards the ccrtainty of supply, there is one
point of view in which the present mode of obtain-
ing ordnance is objectionable, and which can only
be remedied by the course now proposed to be
adopted. Foundries owned by individuals, it is not
too much to suppose, may, at some time or other,
