262
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1845.
28th Cong.... '2d Sess.
Rhode Island Controversy—Mr. Elmer.
H. of Heps.
the moral and clear as the legal guilt of Dorr appears
to me to have been, I trust it will not be considered
out of place to remark, that I am persuaded a free
and full pardon to him would, under existing cir-
cumstances, best evince the magnanimity of the
present government, and best promote the moral in-
fluence of its success. The cause of liberty is so
sacred to every true-hearted American, that he feels
almost compelled to sympathize with every man
who is suffering, even from mistaken and highly
blameable attempts'to promote it.
The time allotted me, under our rules, will not al-
low me to enter into a minute examination of the
numerous extracts from eminent writers on govern-
ment, and commentators on our constitutions, con-
tained in the report of the committee, and produced
to support their views. These extracts fully sus-
tain the principle—to which I assent—that the people
are supreme, and have a right, at any time, to alter
or abolish their existing government. But the in-
ference of the committee is sanctioned by none of
them; it is their own inference, for which I am per-
fectly willing that they shall have all the credit it is
entitled to. It can scarcely escapc the most hasty
reader of these extracts, that the authors had, for
the most part, no reference to the mode in which the
sovereignty of the people was to be exercised.
Judge Story, whose commentaries are largely
quoted, it is plain, had in view the exercise of their
power by means of a revolution. Referring to the
original organization of the Congress of 1774, he
truly says that their powers were, derived immedi-
ately from the people, "without the intervention of
the functionaries to whom the ordinary powers of
government were devolved in the colonies;" but he
certainly did not forget that the very object of that
Congress, and almost its sole business, was to carry
on a war against the functionaries he referred to.
He does not, like the committee, insist, and I will
venture to say never imagined it possible, for any
one so to mistake, as to conceive that the illustrious
signers of the declaration of independence, when
laying before the world their solemn justification of
a revolution, and asserting the principle that all gov-
ernments derived their just powers from the consent
of the governed, meant to assert any other rights
than that they were then exercising. The remark
of the committee, that this right was everywhere
admitted, is very far from being correct.
Many of our State constitutions embody this
principle in the declaration of rights, and most of
them provide a mode by which a change may be ef-
fected. That existing ia Virginia, and framed by
its most distinguished statesmen, while it distinctly
asserts that it is the right of the people to reform,
alter, or abolish the constitution in such manner as
shall be judged most conducive to the public weal,
yet prescribes no mode of exercising this right. A
proposition to insert such a mode was voted down
m the convention; and the committee say that this
was done on the ground that the people had the
power, at any time, and in any manner they pleased,
to amend the constitution or make a new one. I
am entirely satisfied that this is a mistake. The de-
bates of that body, which I have examined, show
no such motive; but, so far as they disclose
any reason, show an entirely opposite one.
The only speech reported on the subject is
one by that eccentric but extraordinary and able
man, the late John Randolph, who opposed it be-
cause he desired to prevent any change for ages to
come, and who declared that he wouid as soon in-
terpolate the marriage ceremony with a clause pro-
viding for a divorce. At that very time, a law of
Virginia, which is still in force, made it treason, and
punishable with death, for any person to attempt
the establishment of a government without the con-
sent of the ordinary legislature; and made even
writing, or advised speaking, in aid of such an at-
tempt, a high misdemeanor. "What would become
of the elaborate compromises of the constitution,
which were the soiuce of so much trouble, and
came nigh to produce an open rupture and a civil
war, if the principles of the committee should be
actcd upon in Virginia? They would be mere waste
paper; and so would the compromises which char-
acterize most of our constitutions. Fully carried
out, those principles would authorize the people of
thi3 District, who labor under grievous political
wrongs, in being subject to a government which
they have no voice in choosing, and in which they
have not even the shadow of a representative, to
assemble a convention, organize a government to
please themselves, and summarily turn Congress
out of its own halls.
When the constitution itself provides for a change,
such change, in the mode prescribed, is of course
legal and constitutional, and takes effect as such.
But the fact of such a provision does not takeaway
the inherent right of the people, in cases of neces-
sity, to act independently of this mode; although it
will, of course, greatly influence the decision of
the question, whether the necessity does really exist.
The committee seem to have purposely avoided the
assertion of this right in such circumstances, al-
though one of their authorities explicitly states it.
Its real existence in such a case illustrates its nature,
and proves it to be a power altogether above and in
hostility to existing laws and constitutions. This
right is treated by the committee as belonging only
to a majority of the people forming a particular
State or government; and it was necessary so to
consider it to render their view of it at all plausible.
But in its nature it is not thus confined. It belongs,
also, where wrong and oppression justify its asser-
tion, to the people inhabiting only a part of the
territory of such State or government, whether
those people are or are not a majority of the whole
number comprised within such State or government.
Such was actually the case of the American revo-
lution, and such was the right then exercised and
justified by the whole world. But few, however,
could be found to advocate the right of the people
of one or more counties to separate themselves, at
their mere will and pleasure, from the rest; and,
casting off their allegiance, to form a new govern-
ment within new limits. In no case could it be
done but by consent of the government, or by revo-
lution. In the United States it can only be done by
consent of the State government, the constitution
having expressly provided that new States shall not
be formed within the limits of the old ones without
the consent of the State legislatures.
Each of our Stat© constitutions, as did the char-
ter constitution of Rhode Island, constitutes a gov-
ernment, with sovereign power, and unlimited, ex-
cept so far as it is explicitly restrained. A univer-
sal attribute of sovereignty is the power of defining
and punishing treason. This is everywhere a crime
against the government, and consists in a betrayal
of the government. No such thing is known to
any code of laws with which I am acquainted as
treason against the people. They devolve their
sovereignty on the functionaries of government;
but when they resume it, or punish an infraction of
it, they do it from the necessity of the case, without
law. The right of our States to punish treason has
been denied, I am aware, by at least one respecta-
ble authority, upon the ground that treason against
one State is treason against the whole, and there-
fore to be punished only in the courts of the United
States. But I cannot agree with this authority,
which would degrade the States from the rank of
sovereign powers to that of mere municipal corpo-
rations. Now the object of the law of treason is to
uphold the government. If this power exists, it
stands in opposition to the whole argument of the
committee, and the controversy is at an end. The
insertion in the constitution of a direct re-
striction on it, or the incidental restriction aris-
ing from a piovision for producing a change,
can alone control it, legally. The adoption of
a constitution without such restriction or pro-
vision for a change, is a direct decision of the
people themselves, in the very act of asserting
their ultimate sovereignty, that this sovereignty shall
not be again asseited, without the consent of the
government, unless a case arises which shall justify
a revolution. The adoption of a mode of change in
the constitution itself, is a d^ciiion that the ultimate
sovereignty shall be legally resorted to for that pur-
pose, only m the special mode thus pointed out. In
every mstancc now in my recollection, where such
a provision exists, it is cautiously guarded, and is
only to be exercised after long deliberation, and by
means of troublesome and dilatory forms. All
this evinces a settled opinion that stability is essen-
tial to free as well as to all other governments.
This stability is secured, and can only be secured
by a firm adherence to the hitherto universally ac-
knowledged principle, that a government can be
changed or overthrown, only in the manner pre-
scribed by the constitution, or in the mamiei that
shall be sanctioned by the government itself, or by a
levolution. In such modes only, has any change, so
far as I am aware, ever yet been made in the consti-
tion of any of our States; and I trust that in such
modes only will changes be hereafter attempted.
I do not insist that any precise formalities are neces- 1
sary. The formal or tacit consent of the govern- *■
merit, or the actual overthrow of the government
and the acquiescence of the people, are all that is
essential. But few governments save our own
have been regularly established, or modified, by a
fair vote of the people. , '
Who constitute the people having the right to es-
tablish and to change their government, has been a
subject of considerable controverts^. The commit-
tee define them to be the "freemen." As I have
already-intimated, in my opinion, it is the right of
all of every description and color and condition.
But it is a right which the race of fallen, sinful
men, cannot all* exercise. "Practically, therefore,
only those people who have the moral and intellectu-
al capacity to exercise the right, can be treated as
possessing it. All others are deprived of it by
providential arrangements, which cannot be resisted.
Centuries have been required to train a portion of
the people of this country, and to enable them to
establish and maintain a free government, actually,
as well as theoretically, of their own choice. All
attempts to establish such a government among peo-
ple, not prepared for it, have failed, and will con-
tinue to fail. Theories may be put forth, resolu-
tions may be passed, and paper constitutions may be
framed, but they will not make men intelligent and
virtuous.citizens, capable of self-government.
It may seem to some that the distinctions I have
labored to establish are of no practical importance.
The case before us shows that they are of vital im-
portance. If a fair majority of the people of Rhode
Island did adopt the Dorr constitution, (which is at
best doubtful,) it is evident that most of them voted
for it under the erroneous imppression, so earnestly
insisted on by its friends, that the mere act of cast-
ing their vote for it would legally establish it, and
put it into undisturbed and peaceful operation.
The moment it appeared that this was a mistake,
they abandoned its further support, and refused to
take up arms, or to hold office under it. If, up to
the time of Dorr's war movements, he had the sup-
port of a majority, it is certain that, since then, there
has been at all times a decided majority against him.
Prudent and peaceful citizens may reasonably
enough engage in movements to effect changes that
seem desirable, if such changes can be introduced
without bloodshed, who would never consent either
to subject themselves and their families to the
horrors of a civil war, or even to run any
serious risk of weakening the true founda-
tions of government, and of introducing prin-
ciples of anarchy and confusion. The well dis 
posed cannot fail to perceive that the right of revo-
lution is only to be exercised in extreme cases, and
that "it isnot the great business of life to seek out
the occasions, and cherish the means of resistance
to authority, much less to preach up discontent as
a merit, and sedition as a duty.''
The professed object—and, so far as I know, the
real object—of the principal supporters of the-con-
stitution of 1841, was to extend the right of suffrage.
I am, sir, upon deliberate consideration, in favor of
universal suffrage, being convinced that the people
of this country, or at least of the northern ana mid-
dle States, with whom I am best acquainted, are
fully prepared safely to enjoy it, and that, therefore,
it is a right that ought not to be denied them. The
tendency of universal suffrage, and its great recom-
mendation, is, that it elevates and improves men.
It procures for the humble and the poor courtesy
and respect from their superiors in station and for-
tune, and interests the rich and cultivated classes in
the education oiid moral improvement of those hav-
ing less means ond less opportunities; and thus the
welfare of all is promoted. The welfare a.id happi-
ness of the highest and wealthiest are advanced by
raising the poorest and lowest from degradation and
vice to the station of intelligent and moral citizens.
The beautiful ode of Sir William Jones, that firm
friend of liberty and America, is so exceedingly ap-
plicable, that I cannot forbear to quote it, although
often used for a similar purpose:
"What constitutes a state?
Not high-raised battlement oi labored mound,
Thick wall or moated gate.
Not oities prord . -with spires and turrets ciowncd.
Not bays and broad-armed ports
_ Where, laughing at the stoim, rich navies ride—
Not ataried ana spjnsrled couits,
Wlieie lovi -browed baseness waft* perfume io pr.de.
No; mf n, luch-minded men.
With powers a* Air abo\ r dull brutes endued,
In iorost brake or d<*n,
As beasts excel cold rocks and brambles rude:
Men, who their dittoes know,
But know their right's, and, knowing, dare maintain,
Prevent the long-aimed blow, .
And crush the tyrant while they rend the chainj-4
