Jan. 1845
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
265
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Post Office Bill—Mr. Merrick.
Senate.
nance means are openly resorted to of evading the
payment of those charges. Private enterprise is
successfully competing with the government in the
performance of the service on all the important and
valuable routes, and deprive it of the income neces-
sary to support the existing post office establish-
ment, leaving no hope for means to extend it or its
operations in proportion to the spread of our popu-
lation westward, where the service is, and must con-
tinue for a long; time to be, expensive to the depart-
ment, and which it is nevertheless indispensably
necessary to perform, and which must be performed
for reasons and considerations in comparison with
which all mere questions of dollars and cents sink
into utter insignificance.
The laws now on the statute book for the regu-
lation of this service, and for the security of certain
collection of its revenues, have become inoperative
or inefficient; they are disregarded and despised;
and so general is now the belief that the rates
charged upon this kind of seivice are unnecessarily
high, and that the piactical operation of the whole
system from this cause, and in consequence of priv-
ileges and exemptions enjoyed, both by govern-
ment and individuals, is unequal and oppressive,
that, sustained by this public opinion, these private
competitors are daily extending their operations,
and, unless the power and authority of Congress is
wisely, and prudently, and promptly interposed,
they must soon prostrate the department. The very
general conviction that the rates o:' postage are too
high, imposes, in my judgment, the necessity of
modifying them, even if they were not (as it is) ca-
pable of proof that more revenue than is now col-
lected would be derived from a reduced scale of
charges.
But some have asserted and contend that any re-
duction of rates will cause a still further diminution
of revenue, and of necessity will only augment the
evils of existing or present deficiency; and therefore
they recommend a resort to more stringent enact-
ments alone lor the purpose of putting down private
competition and enforcing the monopoly of the gov-
ernment. 1 have been unable to perceive the cor-
rectness of this assumption, or the wisdom of the
policy recommended, if not coupled with proper con-
cessions to the public will. It is certainly most
wise and prudent—nay, it is our duty—to defer to
public opinion in all cases safely admitting of such
deference. And though we possibly might, by the
rigorous exertion of power, for a time put down the
private expresses and enforce the collection of the
existing rates, it would be but for a short time, and
at the expense of greatly exterdmg an already se-
rious disaffection and spirit of resistance to the
laws. This course I am deeply convinced is preg.
nant with evil in every aspect, besides being based
upon an assumption which is unsound in theory,
as it will prove to be untrue in practice. Others
again advance the opinion that extreme, reduction of
rates is the only means of putting down this private
competition, and advise a reliance solely upon un-
derbidding by the government as the means of se-
curing to it the whole business, and lepudiate the
idea of deriving any aid from penal enactments. In
this opinion also, as well as the recommendation, I
am far, very far, from concurring. What produces
the private competition? The chance of gain. On
what routes does it interfere with the business of the
regular mails? On those only which afford a large
amount of business, and are therefore profitable.
And can the government reduce their charges so
low as to underbid and Uri\e off all private competi-
tors by a failure of profits and yet realize a profit for
itself? For, be it remembered, the government must
uerive a profit from these great routes to meet the
charges upon tho.se which are unprofitable, or the
system fails as a whole. And, besides, can the gov-
ernment, operating only by agents, as it necessarily
must, perform this or any other work more cheaply
than individuals operating m their own persons and
for themselves? The argument defeats itself, and
the mere statement of it must suffice to show
that it is unsound, and the policy it recommends
utterly incompatible v.-m!* the end professedly aimed
at, and leading, if adopted, inevnably ond certainly
either to t:ie total prostration of the Post Git!cc
Department or to its reliance upon the general
•treasury for support, the evils of which J have al-
ready pointed oat in pari. The coirect opinion and
tne tiue policy lies, in my judgment, between these
two extremes. I have before admitted that the ex-
isting rates of postage are too high, and we have
seen, as one effectof it, the continued falling off of
its revenues from year to year, by evasions of the
spirit and letter of our laws. We have seen, too,
that these evasions are countenanced to some con-
siderable extent by public dissatisfaction with the
workings of the system; and the conclusion to
which I have come is, that we should first reform
all the evils complained of, so far as the have any
real existence, and by this means satisfy and pro-
pitiate an enlightened public. Remove all just
causes for dissatisfaction and the dissatisfaction will
soon cease; and that public which is now in some
quarters willing to see your post office establishment
go down, nay, are even ready to aid in its destruc-
tion, will soon begin to look upon it with very dif-
ferent feelings; and, perceiving and appreciating its
great and manifold advantages to the whole repub-
lic, they will come with one voice to its support, and
give that aid without which your laws, made for its
protection could be but very imperfectly executed.
The first thing, then, to be done, is to reduce your
rates of postage as low as can safely be done con-
sistently with the principle of raising by it revenues
sufficient to sustain the department; and this, I
think, will be from the present average rate of fifteen
cents upon all letters, to an average rate of seven
and a half, or one half. I shall presently submit the
data and calculations upon which I have brought,
my mind to this conclusion. The next thing to be
done is totally to abolish the franking privilege, or
so to circumscribe and regulate it as effectually to
prevent its abuse, and to subject the correspondence
of the government and its functionaries to the pay-
ment of pos'age equally with the citizens. This "is
due to the service itself, and it is also due to public
opinion. All pri\lieges are odious in themselves, and
are at best only tolerated among a republican peo-
ple; but when any privilege comes to be denounced,
and felt and complained of as a grievance, by such a
people, the sooner it is renounced and surrendered
the better. It cannot be denied that the franking
privilege has too often been abused and perverted to
ends and uses foreign to the purposes for which it
was established; and much of the aversion now felt to
its longer continuance is ascnbable to these abuses.
So far as the members of Congress are concerned,
it is but a small affair; but, small or large, and
whether considered as their privilege or the privilege
of their constituents, as is sometimes alleged, such
is the odious light in which it is now generally re-
garded by the constituency that the members should
be eager to surrender it. As regards the government
correspondence,properly so called, there does not ap-
peal- to be any good reason why it should not be
subject to postage, or the government required in
some form to contribute to the support of the de-
partment, in proportion to the service rendered by
it, equally with all private citizens, who obtain and
pay for similar service. Indeed, equal justice seems
to require the government thus to contribute; for,
this department being supported by contributions
from that portion of the citizens only who send or
receive communications by mail, it is as unjust to
burden them with the cost of transporting the gov-
ernment correspondence, which is the effect of send-
ing it free, as it would be to tax any other particular
class of citizens exclusively for any of the other
great national objects. These things accomplished,
then I think we may safely call in the aid of penal
enactments to enforce respect for and observance of
the indisputably exclusive rights of the government
in this regard. Some have ridiculed the idea of re-
sorting at all to the use of penal enactments, as be-
ing, under any circumstances, unavailing and inca-
pable of execution; .but it is plain, however com-
pletely all the existing evils of the system may be
lemoved and corrected, and however perfect the sat-
isfaction thereby given to the great public may be,
that, the practice of competing with the government
mails having already obtained a footing and been to
a considerable extent successfully practised for years,
it will not be at once abandoned by those whose cu-
pidity has been so long fed by it, without the use of
something stronger and more cogent than mere per-
suasives. Besides, if it has come to this, that pen-
alties prescribed for infractions of wise and salutary
laws, promotive of the common good, and funned
in accordance with the sober public judgment of the
country, cannot be enforced, then indeed have our
hopes and speculations about the strength and pow-
er of republican institutions been delusions all, and
our great experiment upon the capacity of man for
sJl-go\ eminent has signally failed : Bui, Mr. Pres-
ident, the positions I am combating are utterly un-
tenable: the penal sanctions by which I propose to
protect this service in future from the interference
of private cupidity are necessary to that object, and,
if preceded by the other material amendments of the
law proposed by this bill, will be as certainly en-
forced as the feelings and principles of self-interest
and self-preservation, regulated by morality, con-
tinue to be exciting motives of human action.
I come now to submit more particularly the data
and calculations which have induced me to fix upon
the rate of reduction proposed by the bill—namely,
to five cents for every single letter transported not
more than one hundred miles, and to ten cents for
any greater distance. This involves two questions,
namely: can we reduce to this point without the
danger of reducing the annual revenue below the
amount required for the efficient support of the de-
partment? And is this the lowest point to which
reduction can safely be carried, consistently with
this indispensable requisite of sufficient revenue,
stated on authority to be the sum of $4,500,000 a
year? We have already seen what has been the
amount of annual revenue for the last five years;
and we have also seen that it is insufficient, and, for
the last year, short of the sum above stated to be re-
quisite by $203,133.« Let us see what is probably
the actual amount of correspondence which would
pass through the mails but for the disturbing causes
I have mentioned, and consequently what the
amount of revenue likely to be annually derived
from it, those causes being removed, at the reduced
rate proposed. I have before stated that the aver-
age annual increase of the revenues of the Post
Office Department, prior to the operation of those
causes which are now destroying it, had been at
the rate of about five per cent.; at which rate it is
certain the correspondence by mail would have con-
tinued to increase up to this time but for these
causes—if, indeed, the increase had not been at a
much greater rate; but take that rate of regular in-
crease as one we can certainly rely upon, and we
find that in the year 1836 the number of chargeable
letters sent by mail, according to the report of the
then Postmaster General, was - - 39,360,992
The year 1836 is selected because for
that year only I have been able to find
a report of the number of letters; any
of the subsequent years up to 1840, if
for them we had reliable accounts,
would answer my purpose as well.
To this number of letters add for the
years since elapsed five per cent, per
annum, the rate of increase previous to
that time - 13,212,441
And it gives as the number of letters that
would now be passing by mail, but
for their diversion by private competi-
tors .... 42,573,433
To this, I think no one will deny, it is
very moderate to add, as the probable
amount of increase consequent upon
the proposed reduction of rates, twen-
ty per cent., or 8,514,686
And thus we have a total of chargeable
letters to pass through the mail, inde-
pendent of all that correspondence now
free, amounting to - - 51,088,119
And these, at the average rate of 7 j cents,
as proposed by the bill under consid-
eration, will produce an annual reve-
enue of - - - -$3,830,608
Add to tnis the amount to arise from the
postage proposed by the bill to be
chareed upon what are called drop-
letters - - . . 50,000
Then add the postage on the correspond-
ence of the State, Treasury, War, and
Navy Departments, and the Attorney
General's office, which, it appears from
House Doc. No. 477 of the last session
of Congiess, would, at the existing
rates, have amounted, during the year
then last past, to the sum of $254,511;
but which, under the reduced rates
nov.' proposed, amount to but half that
sum, or* - - - - 127,255
To this must further be added the amount
to be saved by correcting the abuses,
or abolishing the, use of the franking
privilege, which cannot be less, if the
provisions on this subject contained in
the bid are adopted, thnn - - 125,000
To all this add for postage on newspa-
pers, magazines, and pamphlets—the
rates on which it is proposed to re-
duce about one-third, and which now
