266
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845;
28th Coug 2d Sfiss.
Post Office Bill—Mr. Merrick.
Seriate.
yielding §549,743, (per last annual re-
port of Postmaster General,) may
safely be relied on for at least two-
thirds of its present amount, or the
sum of -
366,495
Exhibiting a total of - - $4,499,358
which is within a very small portion of the amount
before said to have been stated by the Postmaster
General in his annual report of December, 1843, to
be adequate to the support of the department in full
efficiency; and it is greater than the revenues of the
last year by the sum of $262,210. If these calcula-
tions be correct, (and they are based upon authentic
data, except in the single instance of the allowance
of 20 per cent, increase of the amount of corres-
pondence, to be occasioned by the reduction of the
rates proposed, which allowance is certainly mod-
erate,) then.is the problem solved, and these are the
rates which will yield sufficient, and not more than
sufficient revenue; and of course they are the rates
which should now be adopted.
But further, as chairman of the committee which
reported a similar bill at the last session of Con-
gress, I was at some pains during that session to
make several other statistical calculations, and to lay
before the Senate some comparative estimates of the
business and correspondence of the people of this
country and of the United Kingdom of Great Britain
and Ireland, where the experiment of cheap postage
has been successfully tried, with the view of show-
ing how improbable it was that the amount of epis-
tolary correspondence carried on by the people of
the United States was as little as the number of letters
passing through our post offices seemed to indicate;
and I sought thence to deduce the conclusion that,
to justify the reduction of the rates I proposed, it
was only necessary to take the proper steps to
bring the actual correspondence of the country into
the mails, without relying upon an increase ofletter
writing, to be stimulated and brought about by the
cheapening of the charges for postage. Those com-
parisons and calculations seemed to me then, and
seem to me now, to be just and appropriate to the
questions in hand. 1 beg therefore here again briefly
to recapitulate them. It was shown by those com-
parisons and calculations that, while the people of
Great Britain and Ireland, amounting to only
26,711,059 souls, were sending annually through
their mails 204,000,000 of letters, it appeared from
our last post office returns that the people of the
United States, amounting in 3840 to 17,068,666
souls, sent through their mails only twenty-four or
twenty-seven millions of letters. This great dis-
parity in the number of ietteis of the people of the
two countries, as compared with the amount of the
population of each, appeared amazing, and was and
is in fact incredible. The solution of this mvstery
could not be found in any difference in the capacity
of the people of the two countries to correspt id by
letter; for, upon examining into that matter, it be-
came and was made apparent that, in this respect,
the advantage was greatly on the side of the people
of the United States; for, of the whole people of the
United Slates, (free negroes and slaves included,) it
was found that the free whites above the age of
twenty years, who could read and u-hite, constituted
more than one-third; and that, excluding colored
peoole, free and bond, those whites over the age of
twenty years, who could read and write, constituted
about three-sevenths; whilst in Great Britain and
Ireland, those above the age of twenty years, who
could read and write, were found to be little more
than one-fourth of the population! Yet the people
of Great Britain send by mail annually, for the
7,155,169 who are over the age of twenty years and
can read and write, an average of 28, letters each;
and the 5,892,806 free white citizens of the United
States over the age of twenty years, who can read
and write, correspond by letter tlirovgh the mails on-
ly at theiate of 4| letters each per year!
Again the commerce of the people of the United
States, which has been said to be the prolific pa-
rent of letter-writing, was found to be equal to about
two-fifths of that of Great Britain and Ireland, but
their correspondence by mail is not one-eighth of
of that of the people of Great Britain and Ire-
land. The total annual productions of Great Brit-
ain and Ireland were also found to amount to
about $2,290,598.944, while those of the United
States amount to $1,063,134,736, or are just about
equal to one-half the amount of productions—the
point of all these comparisons at which ours ap-
proach.
The inequality with Great Britain and Ireland is
greatest in the amount of foreign commerce; and
even in that the relation is as two to five; and, if the
number of letters transmitted by our mails bears
that relation to the number sent by mail in the
United Kingdom, our post office returns would show
the number of 81,600,000 letters annually, instead
of about 27,000,000; and I entertain no doubt that
eighty-one millions is much nearer the true number
written and transmitted by one conveyance and an-
other in this country than twenty-seven millions.
One other view on this point, Mr. President, and 1
will pass on. If we suppose the different habits and
pursuits of the American people cause them to cor-
respond by letter only to one-fourth the extent of
the people of the United Kingdom, then the com-
parative estimate would stand thus: In Great Brit-
ain and Ireland, according to authentic information,
recently furnished to the Postmaster General by the
British minister near this government, with that
courtesy which characterizes him as a gentleman
and a high public functionary, the number of inland
letters which passed through the British post office
in the year 1843 was.. 213,328,972
Which, at the uniform rate of one pen-
ny for postage, there charged .upon
inland letters, would give not less
than    $4,260,000
And probably more, as we know not how
many of these letters were double.
This bill proposes an average rate of 7|
cents postage, which is, when we con-
sider the lesser weight here proposed,
at least four times as great as their
rate; therefore one-fourth the number
of letters, or 53,332,243
Here will give the same amount of rev-
enue; that is   $4,260,000
Thus showing that by this bill one-fouith the
amount of the British epistolary correspondence
would yield us an amount of revenue from that
source, which, taken in connection with that deriv-
able from newspapers, &c., is admitted to be ade-
quate and ample for all the wants of the service; and
nobody will think or say that the American people
do not correspond by letter one-fourth as much as
the people of the sea-girt isles. From all which
comparisons, estimates, and calculations, the con-
clusion appears to me irrisistibie that, if proper
steps are taken to bring the correspondence of the
country into the mails for tiansmission, we shall
not have less than between fifty and sixty millions
oflettcrs annually to be transported in that way,
and that we shall, at the reduced rates proposed,
have adequate revenue to sustain the Post Office
Depaitment in full efficiency. We tan therefore
safely reduce to these points; and it is expedicnf and
wise to make that reduction.
But can we not reduce lower than is proposed'
I think not, consistently with that sage precaution
which ought to chaiacterize the legislation of Con-
gress. It is in this, as in other things, easy to de-
scend, but difficult indeed will be the ascent, should
an imprudent step now make that hereafter neces-
sary.
It is at best an experiment, and to be made upon
calculations and estimates which, however carefully
made, are exposed to the danger of errors, which
may be shown only by the tests of actual trial; and,
although I have great confidence myself m the favor-
able results, if fairly tried, yet it is to be remarked
that some, and those the most reliable calculations,
barely yield revenue enough, and leave but a very
small margin to be filled by extracts from the chap-
tei of accidents. I have said I have great confidence
in the favorable results, and I repeat it; but even if
I had less confidence in the success of the scheme
proposed,! should still recommend its adoption, be-
cause the condition of the service will not allow us
to stand still. To forbear longer to take some action
upon the subject is fatal. We must therefore move
forward in the way which, according to the best
lights we have, appears most prudent; but let us not
go too far at once. To err on one side is harmless,
and, when experience shall have shown the eiror to
be that we did not reduce enough, and the revenues
of the department arc greater than the ,vants of the
service require, that error can easily be corrected by
a still further reduction. But to err on the other side
will be most pernicious, and may plunge this impor-
tant branch of the public service in inextricable diffi-
culty. If, then, we are to err—as I will not say we
may not—let us take care to have the erroron thesafe
side; and I therefore entreat the Senate not to entertain
any proposition for a greater reduction than that
proposecf by the bill as reported from the committee.
It has been and may be urged that the success -at-
tending the reduction to the lo\v rate of two cents
for postage on all inland letters in England proves
that to oe the point to which we can reduce here;
but it is to be remembered in this connection that,
though there may justly be general comparisons in-
stituted as to the operations of the poat office systsm
in the two countriers, yet there are many material
points of difference between-the operations and ex-
penses of the system in each which forbid any well-
founded expectations of parallel results. In the first
place, it is to be remembered thatthere is a vast dif-
ference in the superficial extent of the two countries.
The area over which the mails of Great Britain and
Ireland is transported is only 122,000 square miles;
that over which the mails of the United States lias
to be spread is 1,033,000 square miles, or morethffn
eight times greater. The total length of mail-routes
in England would seem, from the returns we have,
to be only about 18,303 miles, while the total length
of the mail-routes" in the United States is 144,687
miles; here again the difference is about eight to
one against us. Again: the number of post offices
in the United States is 14,103, and the number of
post offices in England, sub-offices, receiving offices,
and all, is but 4,785—the number in the United
States being three times greater. All these differ-
ences constitute great elements of additional cost for
the service in the United States; and I hope they
will be weighed well by the Senate before they lend
a favorable ear to propositions to come down here
to the British rates of postage. They have con-
vinced me, as I hope they will convince the majori-
ty of the Senate, that no such thing is practicable
here, consistently with the principle of making the
service sustain itself by postages to be collected.
1 will now, Mr. President, very briefly explain
some of the leading specific features of the bill,
and then leave the subject to be passed upon as to
the judgment of the Senate shall seem proper. The
first' section of the bill, which is the principal one,
fixes the rates of letter postage, and these it places
ut five cents for every single letter transported not
more than one hundred miles, and ten cents for
every single letter transported any greater distance;
thus making but two rates, and they conforming to
the decimal com of the United States, and appor-
tioned with reference to ilie two great elements of
cost in the performance of the service, viz: office
work and transportation, and not with reference to
distance, as the sole criterion for fixing the rate of
charge, as appears to have been heretofore unjustly
the rule. In determining what shall be rated a
single and what a double letter, the compound tests
of weight and number of pieces of paper have been
adopted; and this seemed necessary to give to that
large portion of our fellow-citizens who use cheap
and coarse paper the benefit of the reduced rates,
and at the same time to protect the revenues from
frauds on the part of those who can afford to pur-
chase and use very fine and light paper, and some
who would use it for the purpose of evading the
payment of postage. It is therefore provided that
a letter composed of a single piece of paper weigh-
ing not more than half an ounce, which is more
than the weight of a single sheet of the coarsest
paper, shall be charged with single postage only; but
no letter consisting of more than one piece of paper
which weighs over one-quarter of an ounce shall be
rated single, but double, treble, and so on, according
to the number of pieces of paper of which it may
consist. One-quarter of an ounce is a little o er the
weight of a single sheet of such fine paper as we
use here in the Senate, and that weight therefore al-
lows of the enclosure in an ordinary letter of a
bank note, without a duplication of the rate of pos-
tage, and is not open to much abuse; but if the
weight were extended to half an ounce, and that
alone were regarded in fixing the rate, those so dis-
posed, but using very fine French paper, might
practise extensive frauds upon the revenue, by en-
closing half a dozen different letters for different
peisons in the same envelope. This would be con-
fined to ihe correspondence between commercial and
manufacturing towns and cities; but between them
it might be extensively practised, and is therefore
prudent to guard against it.
If a letter consists of more than one, and not
more tlirn two pieces of paper, and its weight ex-
ceeds one quarter, and does not exceed half an
ounce, it is to be rated double. If a letter consists
of not more than three pieces of paper, exceeding in
weight one-quarter of an ounce, and not exceeding
three-quarters of an ounce, or if one or two-pieces
of paper, and exceeding half an ounce and not 'egr
