Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'm
28th Cong '2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Chappell.
H. of Reps.
cepred,) by means of the Missouri compromise,—
■why, these friends and well-wishers of Texas'atd
our country take a most extraordinary stand. They
take the stand of making: the reception of Texas de-
pendent on—what, sir? Why, upon their being per-
mitted, after having thus always been in the habit
of seizing and securing to themselves even more
than the lion's share in all our more northerly do-
Mains, to come down now, for the first time that
such a pretension was ever heard of—to come down
now, I say, sir, upon our southern plains, and to
have an equal division of them with the people of
the South, or, to speak more accurately, to have a
restriction which shall exclude the southern people
from one half ot them. This is magnanimity, sir;
this is fairness and justice, in the eyes of the gentle-
man from Ohio, and the other espousers on this
floor ot the half-and-half project presented by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Robinson.] But
I must assure them, sir, that to us of the South, and
to ah impartial minds, it appears in a very different,
and not a very flattering light.
Sir, will gentlemen never be content with their
advantages of sectional strength over the South?
W hy, sir, the northwestern ordinance first, and the
Missouri compromise afterwards, placed the non-
siaveholding interest in an impregnable permanent
ascendency. There was something noble, perhans,
although aggressive and unscrupulous, in the spirit
and perseverance with which that interest has
fought poetical superiority. But that superiority
^emg placed beyond the reach of contingencies by
the operation of the two causes just mentioned, and
oeing now about to be still further heightened by
tiie expansion of our population and government to
tne Pacific, what decent apology is left to the North
jOr pushing down even into our southern climes her
anti-southern game of aggression and restriction?
oir, we cannot permit you to come there with your
Aussouri restrictions and northwestern prohibitions.
You have chosen your own limit, and it has been
suomitted to by the South, and sanctified with the
name of compromise. Thirty-six degrees and thir-
ty minutes of north latitude is a barrier which you
must never pass, nor attempt to pass. Yea more,
t-.r, jou must never make the being allowed to
pass it a sins qua non of your assent to the enlarge-
ment of the Union on its southern side So to
in-ist upon it would te dangerous in the extreme.
IE would dnve US at once to consider how potent
tne principle of hatred to our institutions had be-
come, wnen it was strong enough to prevent a grand
anu benencent national measure, because that meas-
ure would incidentally lead to the expansion of those
institutions. It would drive us further to reflect
•what a narrow line of distinction separates the prin-
ciple of rejecting a great measure under the influence
of such hatred, from the principle of adopting a great
measure under the same influence; and it would
drive us, moreover, to expect a speedy transition
from the one to the other, unless prevented by a
resort to the most extreme measures on our part.
It is impossible, sir, to over-estimate the fearful
magnitude of the consequences that wo dd flow
from inch a demonstration of hostility to thfc South
ant her institutions, as would be given by rejecting
iexason tlit ground of the refusal of the South to |
permit the black line of restriction to be drawn i
through her midst. And, sir, it has now become j
very obvious that Texas will be rejected, if rejected !
at all, upon tliut ground. Let me implore gende- ,
ffle" 'o i pause and ponder over the whole matter !
nfresh, oefoie they take the irrevocable and porten- 1
-ous step of giving such demonstration, j
Mr. Chappell next adverted to the constitutional j
question which had been raised, as to the proposed ;
myde of annexation, winch, he said, he would i
loach very briefly, both because it had been J
so faiiy and conclusively discusscd by gentle- ;
men who had gone before hiiu in the Cebate, '
a" ^ecause, really, lie did not >eo much neces-
sity p v aigument to sustain the plain letter of the
constitution—1"Congrtss may admit new States into
r'z kincn." Thft resolutions on your table, sir, are
not the final and consummating act of admission;
jueyare merely an overture or invitation to Texas
come into the Union on certain terms; and should
•lexas accede to those terms, and accept that invita-
tion, the effect of what is proposed to be now done
yii be to bind Congress absolutely to receive Texas
wto tiie Union as a State, upon her conforming to
he constitution of the United States. The ques-
lon, then j which the case presents, is, as to the co  
stituiional competency of Congress to make a binding
overture or imitation of this sort to a foreign Stale or
(18)
people. It is to be remarked, sir, that even those
who deny this competency to Congress, admit,
nevertheless, that the thing itself, or what is fully
tantamount to it, may be done by another depart-
ment of the government—the treaty-making power.
That power, they say, may acquire for the United
States foreign territory, and may enter into stipula-
tions in the treaty of cession for the admission of
such territory and its inhabitants into the Uniori as
a State—which stipulations would be obligatory on
Congress, and compel it good faith to exercise i's
power of admission. This process has the advan-
tage of being supported by two precedents—namely,
the cases of Louisiana and Florida: in both which
cases the treaty-making power laid Congress" under
express obligation to admit into the Union States to
be formed out of foreign territory annexed to the
United States.
Well, sir, I pretend not to call in question the con-
stitutionality of this claim on the part of the treaty-
making power to control and bind Congress in the
exercise of its power of admitting new States. I
concede, sir, that it is competent to the treaty-
making power to act with a constitutional compulsion
on Congress for the admission of new States formed
out of territory once foreign. But surely Congress
is not obliged to wait for this compulsion. Surely
it may, of its own accord, and with the assent of a
foreign State, admit it into the Union without the
previous mandate of the treaty-making power. The
words are geneial and without qualification, that
Congress may admit new Slates. And it seems to me,
sir, that the strained and inadmissible construction
is on the side of those who contend for the necessity
of the intervention of the treaty-making power in
order to authorize Congress to exercise its power of
admission, rather than on the side of those who
contend that Congress may exercise it without that
intervention as well as with it. What is lequisite
to the admission of a new State? Evidently nothing
but its own assent and that of Congress. And what
kind of logic is that which, without one word in the
constitution on which to base itself, insists on a third
requisite—namely, the previous assent or interven-
tion of the treaty-making power?
Then as to the precise question presented in this
case, namely, the constitutionality and binding effect
of an overture for admission made by Congress and
accepted by a foreign State, I would remark, that
the power of Congress to admit a foreign State with
its own assent, necessarily draws along as an inci-
dent the power of asking its assent, and of making
an overture or proposing terms of admission. This
power of proposing or inviting is certainly a more
easy and natural, not to say necessary, offspring of
the specific powei to admit new States, which be-
longs to Congress, than of the general power to
make treaties, which belongs to the President and
Senate, It requires, indeed, a considerable siretch
of construction to hold, in the face of the grant of
the power to Congrees to admit new States, that the
President and the Senate have the right to make
treaties, rendering it constitutionally binding on
Congress to admit new States. This, I say, requires
a considerable, though I would by no means say ail
unwarrantable, stretch of construction. But it is
certainly a matter of wonder that those who readily
reconcile themselves to this stretch, can find any
difficulty in deriving to Congress the incidental
power of making all overture or invitation from its
specifically granted and unqualified power to perform
the principal act, to wit—that of admission.
Mr. C. next alluded to what had been said by
gentlemen touching the manner in which the
proposed annexation would affect our national
honor. He said some gentlemen seemed to think
that a due attention to our national honor re-
quired that we should take care, by our conduct, to
court the approbation of European sovereigns and
their subjects. He appealed to gentlemen who had
shown so much sen-jibihty to the national honor,
and to the light in which we should appear before
Europe and the world, whether they had duly con-
sidered the standard of national honor and rectitude
to which they were disposed to appeal. A great
deal had been said as to how this measure of an-
nexation was likely to be regarded in Europe and
throughout Christendom generally. But were
Europe and Christendom to set up one rale for
themselves and another for us? What was the po-
litical morality which reigned there? How did
Europe, and how did the world act in regard to the
annexation and separation of territories? How were
such changes viewed, in fact, by all governments
except our own' Most truly had it been said that
towns, and provinces, and nations, were considered
but as so many articles of traffic, to be exchanged
and disposed of by monarchs at their will. Were
they not every day treated as mere patrimonies?—
as appanages, to make up the marriage settlement
of princes and princesses? Were not both people
and soil, and all the goods they might possess,
treated as mere chattels? And yet, forsooth, we were
to be all scruple and sensitiveness how European
kings and their subjects might view the coi^iuct of
our government. He would ask gentlemen who were
fastidious on this subject, whethera very high stand-
ard of European morality had been indicated on the
occasion of the partition of Poland? That event—the
stigma of the age, and an everlasting blot on human
nature itself—"made" (to use the words of an elo-
quent writer) "not as much noise in England as a
Westminster election." The entire company of
European powers laid down before such a specta-
cle in silent acquiescence. European opinion as to
the annexation of Texas! Why, Mr. C. contends
ed that the sale and exchange of whole colonies
was an every-day practice of European cabinets,
and had been from time immemorial. Let gentle 
men look at a more recent instance: lot them tun!
their eyes to the quiet transfer of the kingdom and
people of Norway to the crown of Sweden, by the
Emperor of Russia, as a compensation Tor the loss
of Finland, which Russia had herself taken from
Sweden. And how did France get Louisiana from
Spain? Was it not to provide a marriage settlement
for the king of Spain's son-in-law? It did seem to
him that gentlemen, in their zeal against Texas,
had quite lost sight of all the lights of history, espe-
cially when they talked of appealing to those stand-
ards of political morality that had always prevailed
among the courts of the Old World? What! Were
the European kings and cabinets to denounce a
free republican country for contracting a voluntary
union with another free republic, while they them-
selves might traffic away kingdoms, and transfer
their people like so many flocks and herds, without
a whisper of censure being heard? But let us on
this side the Atlantic so much as speak of the union
of two rising empires in the New World, and in a
moment all the privileged orders, and all the organs
of despotism, cried aloud at the atrocity, and pro-
nounced it a political felony. Strange, indeed, that
American representatives would not look this mat-
ter in the face according .to truth and fact, but would
submit their country's honor to the vfry pure and
lofty judgment of European cabinets.
To Mr. C. it seemed that the people of this coun-
try must be the keepers of their own honor; but if
we must look across the Atlantic for instructions as
to what was due to international n>orality, he for
one should be rather inclined to take as his rule
precisely the opposite of what such judges might
prescribe.
That which was now proposed, was the free and
voluntary union of two independent republics, who,
according to the law of nations, had a right to dis-
pose of themselves as they pleased. Was this going
to tarnish the national honor? Would gentlemen of
large and liberal minds—would American represen-
tatives and legislators—stoop to join the cry of Eu-
ropean despots and their slaves and minions, and
denounce their own country? Air. C. appealed to
them with confidence, and was well persuaded that,
on a calm review of the whole case, they would yet
take their own proper stand in behalf of their native
country before the woild. This was a question that
should be looked at apart from any reference to the
views of the powers of the Old World. We must
make it an American question, and we must decide
it on American principles—on the principles of vir-
tue, of honor, and of sound political morality. On
this side of the Atlantic, whose voice ought to be
heard and regarded? Certainly not that of Glueen
Victoria and her ministers and subjects, to the ex-
clusion of heeding our own enlightened and inde-
pendent American views of our rights, interests, and
obligations, and mission in llie world.
Mr. C. proceeded to say that there were some
gentlemen—who, however, were of that class that
seem to rejoice over all the difficulties they can
bring up in the way of annexation—that laid no
small emphasis at this late day on the wrong that
would be done to Mexico by this measure of annex-
ation. Did gentlemen mean to take the position
that Texas was at this day the property ofMexico?
Did they hold that, by the law of nations and the
acknowledgment of the United States, Texas was
still a province of Mexico? Mr. C. declared upon
his word that it seemed to him there had been a great
