Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
270
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas-—Mr. Hardin.
H. of Reps.
resent, (Illinois,) which already constitute a portion
of the flesh and bone of this republic, and which
certainly have as strong claims on the aid of the gen-
eral government as any foreign State can have. And
I think it will puzzle the warmest friend of annexa-
tion to show why this government should assume
the debts of Texas, and yet refuse any aid to the
indebted States to relieve them from their embarrass-
ments.
Several propositions have been introduced by va-
rious gentlemen, which are intended to obviate this
assumption of the debts of Texas. It is proposed
by them that Texas be constituted into a State, and
thus keep her debts and her lands. This is anew
question, and has not as yet been argued. It is
well worthy of consideration whether this mode of
annexation would release us from liability to the
creditors of Texas. It appears to me capable of
demonstration, by the laws of nations and of sound
common sense, that it would not. When the credit-
ors of Texas loaned her money, or performed ser-
vices for her, they undoubtedly looked to her means
of payment. These were her lands and her sover-
eignty, by which she could impose direct taxes and
collect revenue from duties on foreign importations.
Should Texas retain her lands and power of direct
taxation, yet her admission into the Union would
necessarily deprive her of that greatest source of rev-
enue derivable from duties on foreign importations.
The duties collected from goods imported into Tex-
as, or into other ports, destined for reshipment there,
would have to be paid into the treasury of the
Union. Nor will n do to provide that the duties
collected in the port of Texas shall be appropriated
to pay her debts. Most of the foreign goods de-
signed for the consumption of Texas, would un-
doubtedly be first landed at New York and New
Orleans, and it would be impossible to ascertain the
amount of duties collected for the use of Texas.
Besides, so soon as the annexation is complete, there
would be no duties collected in the ports of Texas
from her trade with the United States. As Texas
would thus, by our act, be deprived of her chief re-
source for payment, and her creditors of the princi-
pal reliance on which they trusted at the time they
became her creditors, it would necessarily devolve
on the United States, by the laws of nations, of
sound oense, and morality, to pay those debts of
Texas which we had thus depiived her of the means
of liquidating. It will be seen, then, that, so far as
the assumption of the debts of Texas is concerned,
it uiatters not whether annexation takes place by
receiving her as a State or a territory.
Whilst 1 have been dwelling on the debts of Tex-
as, the answer has doubtless been for some time in
the mind of the friends of annexation that the lands
of Texas are sufficient to pay her debts. There
never was an idea more fallacious; and I will now
proceed to show it.
Within the territory now claimed and m the pos-
session of Texas, the government of Spain first,
Mexico next, and lastly Texas, have 'issued grants
of all sizes, from half a league to ten millions of
acres, to individuals, and permitted the grantees to
locate the lands according to their fancy. The con-
sequence is, the whole country is shingled over with
conflicting grants, as they used to express it m
Kentucky, where a similar vicious system pre-
vailed, from shoe top to knee deep—the richest land
always pioducing the largest crop of claims. When
the treaty was under consideration last April, the
commissioners of Texys staged, in a letter to Mr.
Calhoun (v-ee Doc. 271. i&t session jWth Congress)
that the lands within the tern ojy claimed by Texas
were estimated at ^U3/*2U,OOU acres. Lands appro-
priated to January. iS4i, were 67,408,673 acres.
What amount has been appropriated since 1841
does not appear.
It must be borne in mind that the gross amount of
lands estimated to be m Texas is not what is within
her acknowledged boundaries, or within her pos-
session; but, in truth and fact, more than two-thirds
of the land claimed by her is destitute of a single
Texian settler. A portion of this territory is within
the boundaries of the Mexican States, Tamaulipas
and Coaliuila, and nearly all New Mexico is in-
cluded in it. It is speaking within bounds of the
actual fact when it is said that more than two-thirds
of all the territory claimed by Texas is in the occu-
pancy of Mexico, with whom she is at war, or of
the Camanches and various other Indian tribes, who
have been engaged in active hostilities for years
with Texas. And I have been informed by various
pei sons who have resided in Texas that all the lands
of any value in, or adjacent to, the settled parts of
Texas, are covered with grants.
It is admitted that, in January, 1841, one-third of
her territory had been granted, amounting to
67,408,673 acres. Let us see how large a tract
this is:
The State of New York contains 28,800,000
" Pennsylvania ,-.30,080,000
" Maryland 7,680,000
Making a total of 66,560,000
It is thus seen that Texas, with a present popula-
tion estimated at 55,000 whites and 30,000 slaves,
has already sold land as large in extent as the three
States of New York, Pennsylvania, and Maryland,
which contained a population in 1840 of 4,622,973.
This land, if distributed equally amongst all the
voters in Texas, (who amounted to 11,407 at the
presidential election in 1844,) woald give them
above 5,000 acres each. As the grants to these
lands arc all confirmed to the Texians by the treaty,
and they would be protected in their enjoyment by
our government, and relieved of their public debts
if annexation takes place, it is not at all wonderful
that they should be anxious for annexation.
That part of Texas adjacent to the Gulf coast, and
a pot tion of it near the large streams in the lands al-
ready granted, there is reason to believe is produc-
tive soil; though not better, and most of it not so
good, as millions of acres of public lands now be-
longing to this government. But it becomes impor-
tant to inquire what is the desciiption of the remain-
ing two-thirds of the land claimed by Texas; and
which will have to be r€-anncxed by re-purchase, or
re-fighting the Mexicans and Indians. It is the
more important, as it is the resource looked to to
pay the debts of Texas, and is that scope of coun-
try set apart in the imagination of northern demo-
crats where they design to grow free States.
Every one acquainted with the topography of the
country west of the Mississippi knows that the tim-
ber is confined to the vicinity of the large streams,
and as you proceed towards their sources, the tim-
ber becomes scarcer, until it entirely disappears; and
at the same time the supply of water isveiy deficient
over large tracts of country. All accounts from
those who have explored Texas agree that this is
the fact in relation to that country. Now, sir,
there is something on the map of Texas printed for
the use of Congress which has the appearance of a
settled design to mislead. In this unsettled portion
of Texas, now in the possession of the Camanches,
it is stated that, "according to Arrowsmith, this
tract of country was explored by Le Grand in 1833,
and is naturally fertile, well wooded, with a fair pro-
portion of watei." I assert this, because the memoir
which accompanied the map, and which will be
found in Doc. 271,1st session, 28th Congress, shows
that this tract of country, is for the most part, a bar-
ren desert, destitute of both fuel and water sufficient to
permit it to be settled. In that memoir, whilst des-
cribing the general surface of Texas, it says, p. 50:
''The country is destitute of timber, except on the banks
ol the tiveis, which are skirted (with a growth of timber
from one mile to ten deep."
In the description of New Mexico, which embra-
ces neaily the whole of this uninhabited tract, the
memoir says, same page:
•'The poition of this province susceptible of cultivation is
vei •s small, and is separated into two parta by a great desert
Both aie confined to the narrow valley of the Rio Del
Noite, var) ing from three to fifteen miles id bresdth. The
fust extends north ol Santa Fe TO miles, and south of it
about the same distance, the second is comprised in a small
strip, extending a few miles above and below the Paso del
,\oite, and m magnitude is insignificant The desert sepa-
icttuiij these poitions, (called the'Desert of Muerto,' com-
menc-e^ at ("hristoval, and extends 90 miles south without
water. It also extends 40 or 50 miles north of the same
point."
Nor am I left to the printed memoir as the only
means to contradict the map. In Black's general
atlas, published m 1840, and one of the best ever
published in America, which 1 obtained in the Con-
gressional Library, I find that in this very tract of
country, which in our congressional map is repre-
sented as "fertile, well wooded, and well watered,"
that there is written on the same spot, "Great Des-
ert." The detachmem oiVoops which the Texians
sent two or three years; since to take possession of
Santa Fe, travelled through this same region of
country, and they reported it to consist of inhospita-
ble and barren mountains, and extensive prairies,
one of which is 200 miles across; and although they
were amongst the best hunters in the world, they
were all near perishing in it with thirst and hunger.
This congressional map purports, however, to
take its description from Arrowsmith, the most
celebrated of London geographers. By good for-
tune I found the large atlas of Arrowsmith, publish-
ed m 1840, in the Senate Library, and I have it
here before me; and 1 request gentlemen to come
and see, that on this very tract of country described
as "fertile, well wooded, and well watered," there is
written on this atlas of Arrowsmith, in large letters,
"Great Desert."
. On this congressional map I find the cabalistic
numbers 1, 2, 3, in different parts of this same tract
of country, signifying thereby that it will make
three States, whilst Texas proper, as now settled
and sold, will make the fourth State. The facts
above stated prove that this congressional map
must have been gotten up expressly for the use of
unfledged and unsophisticated democrats.
Sir, I intend to let gentlemen understand thaf,
they shall neither cheat us or themselves about this
Mexican and Indian portion of Texas. Although
there are some fertile valleys, and some parts of it
which will do for herding cattle, they are already in
the possession of Mexicans; but by far the largest
portion of it is utterly valueless. We have an
abundance of as good or better country between the
western border of Missouri and the Rocky moun-
tains, where you might lay off a State as large as
Virginia, and not find in it timber enough to fence
a forty-acre field. I have great respect for the in-
dustry and ingenuity of the New Englanders, who
have created a populous and flourishing community
on the granite soil of the North; but I do not believe
that the universal Yankee nation could ever feprout
a free State in this unsold part of Texas.
I would here ask attention, for a few minutes, to
an argument (if so it may be called) which has been
much urged in this discussion. Some gentlemen
boast of an enlarged and liberal patriotism, which
constrains them to go for the extension of our do-
minion and our free institutions over the Territory
of Texas, now that it is practicable. Why, sir, has
not Texas a republican government like ours? And
is she not capable of self government'* If- not, it is
ccrtam that she is unfit to be annexed to our Union.
But, sir, 1 insist upon gentlemen calling things by
their right names. Patriotism consists in loving
our own country, and not in thirsting after the soil
of another. The desire to own other lands than our
own has always, heretofore, been characterized as
national ambition.
If 1 can understand my own heart it beats with
an enlarged philanthropy, which desires to see the
blessings of free institutions and of self-government
extended to every nation on our continent and on
the globe. Yet, whilst I am thus anxious to see
the benefits of civil and religious liberty conferred
on other nations, and would be willing that our gov-
ernment should extend its fostering hand for their
encouragement and protection in all proper cases,
I feel called upon to stop and inquire what is to be
the effect upon our own government, and where is
to be the end of this incorporation of other nations
and provinces, with differing national customs, feel-
ings, iaws, religion, and interests, into one mammoth
government? Must it not eventuate in the disrup-
tion of its parts? The annexation of Texas may or
may not produce this effect. But if we adopt Texas,
and with it that spirit of national aggrandisement
and unlimited ambition which has been advanced
by some gentlemen, and especially by my colleague,
[Mr. Douglass,] when he said that he wished to
see all foreign nations driven from this continent,
and our dominion only bounded by the ocean, 1 feel
it imperative on me to inquire what is to be the re-
sult of such a policy?
Let us see what a tour Brother Jonathan would
make in carrying out this plan of "an ocean-bound
republic!" We are told that Texas is important to
us in a commercial point of view, and therefore wc
should have it; although there is not a single port or
liver in it that any citizen of the United States re-
siding within our own limits wants to use or can use
for the shipment or transportation of his produce to
market. But it is convenient for us, and therefore
we ought to have it. If that is an argument, look,
sir, where it will lead. 'Ii_e natural outlet of the
immense commerce of the northern lakes is through
the St. Lawrence; yet this river belongs to Great
Britain. Adopt this policy, and we must have that
1'iver and all the country that is tributary to it or to
the lakes. It is very convenient for us, and there-
fore we must make war upon England, and take
from her Canada, Nova Scotia, and New Bruns-
wick. After we have fairly thrasheij that puny pow-
