Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO tfttfi CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Rhode Island Controversy—Mr. Williams.
H. of Reps.
■character, nor does it stand on a broad platform,
equally sustaining the interest of all parts of the
Union, but is essentially a sectional, southern, sla-
very question. Although the free States would
have to pay more than half the debt of Texas, and
the expenses of defending it, yet the benefit of the
addition of territory would accrue wholly to the
•southern States, as few, and almost no northern
men, will emigrate to Texas, if it is all to be a slave
country.
I may be met here with the remark of some
northern democrat, that they design hereafter to
make a portion of it into free States. Sir, this house
and the country shall not be deceived by such arrant
fraud and false pretences. Look, sir, at the. various
humbug propositions which are made to deceive the
North. The line of the Missouri compromise (36
degrees 30 minutes) will give the free States a ter-
ritory in the Rocky mountains utterly worthless for
settlement, about as large as Delaware; whilst San'a
Fe, and all the country south of it, which is six
times as laige as the State of Pennsylvania, will be
in the slave territory. Mr. Benton's proposition
kindly sets apart for free States all west of the hun-
dredth degree of longitude; which, in no part, ap-
proaches within a hundred miles of the Gulf coast,
and contains no navigable stream, and embraces the
region of praiiie and barren mountain to which I
before alluded. Besides this, it is wholly in the
possession of Mexicans and Indians, without a sin-
gle Texian settler in it, and will doubtless all be
given up to Mexico, in the settlement of the bound-
ary question, if Mexico d. sires it. The proposi-
tion of the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hale] to divide the country into equal parts of free
and slave territory, beginning on the Gulf coast,
meets with no countenance whatever from any
southern man, nor would they even permit him to
introduce it. No, sir, we are not to be deceived.
No southern man ever talks of, or will seriously
listen to, any proposition to make one or more slave
States west of Texas. They boldly proclaim that
they will have all or none; and one of their most
prominent men [Mr. Holmes of South Carolina]
said on this floor, a day or two since, "any southern
man who will agree to any such proposition is a
knave or a fool.11
But I have heard it said that, if we annex Texas,
it will have the effect of making some of the old
slave States free States, by the transportation of
their slaves to the rich lands of Texa3. If this were
so, why ha\e not all the slaves in Maryland, Virgin-
ia, North Carolina, and South Carolina been trans-
ported to the rich lands of Alabama, Mississippi,
and Louisiana' If slaves should be worth more in
Texas than m the old States, it is the most absurd
of notions to contend that it will abstract all the
slaves from the States. We raise a great many
horses in Illinois for sale; should the old market
become brisker and better for horses in Louisiana or
Texss, would that make us send our whole stock
of horses there? Or would we not keep our breeders,
and try to raise more to sell in that good market
A child can make the application.
I am here met with a s a ement, by some northern
democrats, that the question of slavery is not settled by
the terms of the treaty, and that this question will
be left open, and that they design hereafter to
make a portion of it into the free States. To my
mind, I acknowledge this very uncertainty on the
question of slavery in Texas is one of the greatest
objections which exists to the plans of annexation
now under consideration. It is true, that the ques-
tion of slavery is not settled by the terms of the
treaty now before this committee. This can be
shown in a few words: In this Texas treaty the
same identical words are used as were in the treaty
for the purchase of the Louisiana territory. When
Missouri sought admission into the Union, the dif-
ficulties which then arose on the subject of slavery
were settled by Congress defining, by a legislative
act, the line of demarcation between the free
and slave States. As Congress possessed and ex-
ercised the power to settle what portion of the coun-
try thus purchased should be free, and what should
be slave States, it certainly possesses the right to do
so with the territory of Texas, which would come
in under similar treaty stipulations.
With this question of slavery thus left open for
the action of Congress, let us examine what would
be its elfects on our government hereafter. When-
ever this question is presented for the action of Con-
gress, the northern annexationist will insist upon
having a portion of it for free States, and will urge
that he so designed when he voted for the abstract
question of annexation, and that the North would
be cheated if a part <3f this country was not set apart
for free States. The southern man will meet him
with the declaration that "you shall never have a
free State in Texas—you knew slavery existed
there when you annexed it. Our object, and that
of those who projected the scheme, as you will see
by the diplomatic correspondence, was to extend
the limits and perpetuate the existence of slavery.
We designed to avoid having any non-slaveholding
State on our southwestern border, and we will have
none now; and if 'We had supposed a free State ever
would have been organized there, we would never
have admitted Texas into the Union." Such, sir,
would be the statements of the different parties,
and on this issue they would go before the
country. In the South, the North would be abused,
where there were none to defend it, for manifesting
a disposition to interfere with the right of the South
to their slaves; and in the North denunciations
would be fulminated against slavery, where it had
no friends. With passions excited by such agita-
tions, the representatives of the two parties will meet
in this hall; and it requires no prophetic vision to
foresee that on this question the North and the
South will send here an almost unanimous delega-
tion, each bigoted in their own opinions and preju-
dices, and neither willing to compromise. In the
excited state of the public mind which would be
produced by the continued agitation of the subject of
slavery, in reference to a territory over which Con-
gress could legitimately legislate, it would be no
small trifling Missouri question, but would become
a great national ground of bitterness and conten-
tion.
Mr. Chairman, when we recollect that some of
the political abolitionists of the North have proclaim-
ed that they do not consider the constitution of the
United States binding on them, because it recognises
the existence of slavery in the South, and that they
proclaim their wish to see the nation freed from any
connection with slaveholding States; and then, sir,
when we turn our eyes to the South, and read the
equally fanatical sentiments and resolutions there
adopted, censuring our common government, and
proclaiming that, for the preservation and perpetua-
tion of slavery, they "will have Texas, with or
without the Union," there is too much reason to be-
lieve that the lamentable condition into which we
would be plunged by the agitation of the question of
slavery in Texas, is just the thing which these
northern and southern fanatics have so much at
heart—the dissolution of this Union.
Sir, there is good reason to fear that the annexa-
tion of Texas, without definitively settling the ques-
tion of slavery in the terms of its admission, is put-
ting an ignited petard to the constitution, which will
soon explode, and shatter this Union to fragments.
Sir, our fathers have bequeathed us this Union as
the most sacred of legacies: we have no right to do
aught to endanger its preservation. It is the duty
of the whole nation, and it i3 the more especial in-
terest of the Northwest, to preserve it unimpaired.
We purchase our goods in the East, and find there
a market for much of our produce; and we cannot,
therefore, consent that the East should be separated
from us. But the great natural outlet for our com-
merce is the Mississippi river; and let me tell south-
ern gentlemen who have pictured in their imagina-
tion that El Dorado—a southern confederacy—that
the free States situate on the Ohio and Mississippi
will never permit the mouth of that river to belong
to any other government than their own. And
should an overruling God ever inflict the curse of
the dissolution of this Union upon us, by means of
this Texas or any other question, the southern con-
federacy will have to be formed wholly east of the
Mississippi; for not all the united chivalry of the
South would ever be able to hold it against the com-
bined forces which would be concentrated to open
that great outlet of our commerce.
But, sir, I do not wish to indulge in any lan-
guage which might be even construed into dis-
respect to any portion of our country. Yet it
is our duty as statesmen to look at the probable con-
sequences of measures which are so pertinaciously
pressed upon us for adoption. These thoughts
have been forced upon me, as the inevitable results
of that unwise, reckless, selfish, sectional, and
slavery-extending policy, which seeks to obtain
Texas in any way, and by any means, and which
expects to be able to control its future destinies by
bullying and bravado.
I am confident that the individual sentiment of a
majority of the members on this floor is adverse to
any one of the plans proposed for adoption. But I
do not know or say that all these plans will be de-
feated. The application of the party lash, whii h
southern democrats know so well how to apply to
the tender backs of their northern allies; with the
threats of exclusion from the party if they are re-
fractory, and the promise of a large distribution to
them of "the spoils of office" if ihey are obedient
and submissive, may again produce a wonderful
charm in amalgamating the discordant elements of
the party in favor of any sort of annexation. I
have heard from those who were present, that some
twenty or thirty years since, when a democrat from
New Hampshire rose in this hall and manifested
symptoms of being refractory on some question
which the southern democracy were pressing, John
Randolph in reply said, with his peculiar emphasis,
"The gentleman from New Hampshire threatens to
go against this measure—I tell that gentleman we
have bought them before, and whenever we want
them, we will buy them again, dog cheap, sir."
I acknowledge with pleasure that one democrat
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] and another
one from Ohio, [Mr. Brinkerhoff,] have taken a
bold, manly, and independent stand, which evinces
that they are neither to be bought nor driven on
this question. It remains yet to be seen whether
the orders from the Hermitage, or the expectation
of office from the President elect, will be sufficient to
drive or entice enough doubting northern democrats
to its support to insure the adoption of the southern
plan of annexation.
Mr. Chairman, our government and our Union
are the joint production of the blood, treasure, and
wisdom of our fathers. The greatest blessing which
could befall their descendants is its continuance—
the greatest evil is its dissolution. Convinced that
I perceive in the projected plan of annexation the
elements of future discord, which may result in the.
dissolution of this government, I feel constrained to
oppose it. The highest wish, the noblest aspira-
tion of every true American bosom is, and ever will
be, May the Union of these States be perpetuated
forever!
SPEECH OF MR.. WILLIAMS,
OF MASSACHUSETTS.
In the House of Representatives, February 28,1845—Ott
the report and resolutions of the Select Committee
on the memorial of the democratic members of
the legislature of Rhode Island,
Mr. Speaker: In submitting some remarks in
vindication of the course of the friends of free suf-
frage in Rhode Island, it is not my purpose to in-
dulge in personal abuse or invective, but to call the
attention of the House to the great principles by
which the parties to this controversy are to be justi-
fied or condemned.
Are the people superior to political organizations?
Have they the right, acting in their free and inde-
pendent capacity, to determine in what manner they
will be governed? If so, then the course of the
suffrage party is clearly justifiable, and the people's
constitution, so called, when adopted by the majori-
ty, became the supreme law of the State until super-
seded by the adoption of another.
It is conceded on all hands that there must exist
in every independent nation a high and controlling
power which is to judge of matters pertaining ta
government. Where is this power lodged? To
whom does it rightfully belong? To governors or
to the governed?
This is a question on which hangs the destiny cf
freedom; but on which the founders of our govern-
ment entertained no doubts. They declared the-
right of the people to alter, abolish, and institute
government, to be inalienable, and a self-evident
truth. Admit it, and the people are the only true
fountain of political power, and governments are
but emanations from their will. It gives to them,
the highest civil and political power in the State,
and invests them with a sovereignty limited only
by justice and divine authority.
This superiority of power on the part of the peo-
ple is fairly and legitimately deducible from their
right to self-government; and it follows, as a neces-
sary consequence, that those who are appointed to
administer government, are but the agents and trus-
tees of the people, and hence possess no power or
authority not expressly, or by necessary implica-
tion, delegated to them.
It follows, in like manner, that the people, being
prior and superior to, and the authors of, constitu-
tions, are superior to any existing legislature,. an<l
