282
APPENDIX THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong.....2d Sess.
Feb. 184$.
Rhode Island Controversy—Mr. Williams.
H. of Reps.
"Liberty, therefore, is too imperfectly defined, when it is
said to be "a government by laws, and not by men.' If the
laws are made by one man, or a junto of men in a Stale,
and not by common consent, a government by them does
not differ from slavery. In this case, it would be a con-
tradiction m terms to say that the State governs itself."
Now, Mr. Speaker, can it be denied that the
powers of government were shamefully perverted
by the charter authorities? Who can look at thft
wrongs and the gross violations of the rights of the
people of that State, and doubt it? Not he, sir, who
is animated and governed by the spirit and princi-
ples of freedom that distinguished the patriots of
the revolution. Not he, sir, who respects the ina-
lienable rights of man as did the advocates of lib-
erty who founded that State, and who would carry
into effect their liberal and patriotic designs. Then-
object was to establish a government of the people;
and, to their credit, they made it practically such
during the first years of the charter of 1663, equal
representation being allowed, andjio freehold quali-
fication required in the voter. But not so in 1842.
Through the lapse of time, the change of ciicum-
stances, the usurpations of power, and the disre-
gard of the provisions of the charter, it had degene-
rated into nne of gross inequality and rank injus-
tice, and become marked by acts of oppression,
prominentamong those which led to our separation
from Great Britain.
The charter, though one of the most liberal of
that period, was. better suited to a land company
than for a constitution of a free State. It created a
close corporation, gave the company the power to
admit "so many other persons as they shall think
fit," and invested them with the powers of civil
government, limited only by the laws and customs
of England. But, notwithstanding these liberal
grants of power, they were insufficient to satisfy
the cravings of the charter government; and, sub-
sequent to the revolution, it claimed and exercised
sovereign and unlimited power. The general as-
sembly did not recognise the supremacy of the
charter; and, J am informed, there is but one in-
stance to be found in the records of its judiciary
where its courts ever ventured to sustain the cliai-
tered rights of the citizens against the usurpations
of legislative despotism. The very existence of
such a government is a curse, and it led to a series
of grievances only equalled in the most arbitrary
governments of the world.
Instead of the equal representation allowed during
the first years of the charter, a majority of the
House of Representatives were chosen by towns
containing less than a third of the population of the
State; and, instead of free suffrage, it was confined
to landholders and their eldest sons, confining the
right, in a population of 108,837, to about eight
thousand, and giving to less than four thousand the
political power of the State.
Land was alone represented, and, with rare ex-
ceptions, personal property alone taxed—presenting
the strange spectacle in a community pretending to
be free, of representation without taxation, and taxa-
tion without representation.
There was liability to the performance of military
duty for the defence of the country on the one hand,
and liability to expulsion on the other—non-free-
holders being liable to forcible ejectment from ihe
State, without the.a!legation of crime, and to be flog-
ged at the public whipping-post if they resisted.
While the landholder could enjoy the sacted
right of trial by jury by his peers, the non-freehold-
ers were not eligible to a seat in the jury-box.
There was taxation to support courts of justice on
the one hand, and a denial of access to those courts
on the other, without permission of the freeholder,
the law requiring writs to be endorsed by one of
that class.
While the property of the privileged order was
exempt from the payment of debts on execution,
there was no exemption for the unprivileged many
above the sum of ten dollars.
There was security to person and property for
the freeholders, while they had and exercifed the
despotic power to eject tiie non-freeholders from
their presence when holding their municipal and le-
gislative meetings.
Such, sir, are only a few of the giievances of the
people under the charter government. They were
of such an extent, and so aggravated in character, as -
to induce, years ago, a distinguished author to write
an essay to prove that the devil was in Rhode Island;
and while a Dorr is suffering all the horrors and cru-
elty of solitary confinement for sustaining the in-
alienable .right of the people to alter and amend
their form of government, can any additional evi-
dence be required to show that the devil has not yet
lost all his influence in the councils of that State?
For these grievances there were but two reme-
dies—application to the general assembly, and the
exercise of the people's right of self-government.
By the provisions of the charter, the assembly pos-
sessed ample power over the 'suffrage question, but
refused to exercise it. Prom the adoption of the
United States constitution until that of the State con-
stitution of 1842, the political history of that State
presents a continued series of attempts to. impose
tyrannical laws on the one side, and efforts to es-
cape their infliction on the ether, by the extension
of the rights of suffrage and the establishment of a
written constitution. Movement after movement
was made, and petition after petition presented, to
no purpose. For more than fifty years the calls of
the people for reform were resisted by the charter
government with the same tenacity with which ty-
rants always cling to usurped authority; and it was
not till after the adoption of the people's constitu-
tion that the freeholders framed and submitted to
the people a cons:itution, for the purpose of correct-
ing some of the evils of unequal suffrage and unequal
representation.
From the necessity of the case, the people were
compelled, for a remedy, to fall back upon the exer-
cise of their inalienable rights. They held mass
meetings; called conventions; framed a constitution,
and submitted it to the people. It was adopted by
a targe majority of the male adult population of the
State, including even a majority of freeholders, as
has been most clearly shown by the majority re-
port. Notice of the fact was given to the charter
assembly, and a tender of the votes, and a request
made to them to inquire into the fact of its adoption;
but they refused, denying the right of the people to
frame and adopt a valid constitution without their
previous consent and authority.
By no principle of justice or of law can the advo-
cates of the old charter government come forward
now and deny that the people's constitution received
the sanction of the majority of the male adult popu-
lation of that State.
The friends of that government are estopped, in
the fust place, by the principle of law and justice
which forbids a party taking advantage of their own
wrong. If a majority of the people were opposed
to that constitution, why did they not vote against
it? If there was anything fraudulent or unfair m the
vote, why did the charter assembly vote down the
resolution offered in January, 1842, by Mr. Atwell,
to appoint a committee to investigate and ascertain
if a majority voted for the constitution? .ciut one
answer can be given—they feared the result. They
were satisfied the truth would not sustain their as-
sertions. They knew the people desired a written
constitution. And the fact cannot be disguised that
all the evils of the controversy have flowed from the
charter government withholding from the people the
enjoyment of their undoubted rights.
The friends of that government are estopped, in
the second place, by the principle of law and justice
recognised m the codes of all enlightened nations,
"that a principal is not bound by the acts of the
agent when that agent exceeds his powers." That
the charter assembly did exceed their powers, in
claiming exclusive jurisdiction in the formation of a
constitution, cannot be doubted by any fair-minded
person who will examine the provisions of the char-
ter; that never contemplated the institution of a
government independent of that of Great Britain. It
gave no power whatever to subvert itself in the
formation of a constitution. The powers of the as-
sembly were limited by the powers of the charter,
and the only mode provided for amendment or
change was upon application to King Charles and
his successors upon the throne of England. Unless,
therefore, you invest the charter assembly with the
divine right of governing, they had no more legiti-
mate jurisdiction over the subject than an .equal
number of other citizens. The charter had con-
ferred none; the people had given none; an 1, by the
principles of our government, they could rightfully
exercise no powers not expressly, or by necessary
implication, given to them.
Why, then, was not the people's constitution the
supreme law of the State until superseded by the
adoption of the present one? Gentlemen say it was
contrary to law and order. Why? Because it was
not authorized by the charter government This
takes for gtanted the very question at issue. It
assumes power for the general assembly,never con-
ferred upon it, and of course could not, when ex-
ercised, have the binding force of Taw.
In the absence of constitutional provisions, what
authority is there in a State competenUo prescribea
mode of action for a paramount power? It is not
pretended that the charter assembly had. power to
frame and adopt a constitution. How, then, could it
delegate that power? - How could it throw the sanc-
tion of law over what it had no rightful jurisdic-
tion?
In claiming a preference for the convention which
framed the existing'constitution, why do no.t gentle-
men point put wherein it possessed more power
than that which framed the people's constitu-
tion? They were both voluntary assemblages.
The charter authorities did not 'assume to com-
mand a convention to be held. The language
of the act is, that the freemen 4tbe, and they
are hereby, requested to choose" delegates. &c.
Now a request confers no power. The difference
between the two conventions was not, therefore, in
the powers possessed by each, but simply and
solely in the requests by which they originated; and
of what consequence can that be?
What is it, sir, that gives to a constitution the
validity and binding force of law? It is not the
manner in which, nor the persons by whom, the
convention, which frames it is called. The United
States court say it is the assent of, and adoption by,
the people. This is the great, essential and con-
trolling point. All that precedes is of minor conse-
quence. IVlr. Madison, in speaking of the United
States constitution, said truly that its adoption by
the people would "blot out all antecedent errors and
irregularities."
But we are told that the people are subject to laws,
and the sovereignty claimed for them is inconsistent
with this subjection.
In reply to this objection, I ask attention to an
extract in point, from the writtings of John Taylor,
of Caroline, one of the ablest writers on government
our country has produced. He says:
"The people, by our policy, are considered as possessing
tv, o capacities, political and civil Under one. they are
susceptible of the rights which nations can exercise, such
as those of forming, reforming, and supervising govern-
ments. Under the other, they are susceptible, individually,
of snch rights and duties as an individual may hold or owe.
As an individual cannot hold or exercise the first class of
rights, a nation must be considered m the light of an asso-
ciated, political, moral being, or these rights can neither
exist, be held or exercised.
"'Ihe first species of capacity we assign to the people,
operates between them and governments; the second be-
tween governments and individuals, and between citizens.
It is our policy to subject the whole field of this second
capacity to legislation, and to exclude it from the whole
fit*Id of the first. Law is allowed to regulate right and
wrong in the latter cases, but not between the nation and
its government. The right to do this being held by nations,
and not by governments or individuals, is evidence that
nations hold rights in a moral and social capacity, not sub-
ject to law. A form of government being anterior to law,
cannot be created by it; and the social rights of nations
cannot be destroyed by political laws, concealed under
municipal titles, if law cannot create a form of govern-
ment.
"An unsubjected sovereignty, composed of subjected in-
dividuals, is the supposed inconsistency upon which the
objection rests
"And yet the same inconsistency, if it be one, exists in
the system of government chiefly admired by the objectors
themselves. The British sovereignty is unsubjected, and is
composed of subjected individuals. Every member of the
Parliament of which this sovereignty is composed, including
the King himself, is subject to municipal law. Where,"then,
is the absurdity of composing of a sovereignty of subjects?
It is, m fact, the common and plain case of an individual
holding corporate rights and owing corporate duties; or of
a corporation which governs its members, and yet is gov-
erned by them.
"The idea that a nation must necessarily be divided be-
tween sovereignty and subjection, to form a government,
allotting one or a fow to the first principle, and the mass of
the people to the second, is precisely the barbarous opinion
which has always made tyrants and slaves."1'
Such is the triumphant answer of an eminent
statesman of Virginia; and the distinction between
the political capacity of the people and that of civil
government, is pointed out with a force and aptness
of illustration to make unnecessary any additional
comments.
In no one principle that is necessary to'give to
such an instrument the validity of law, was the peo-
ple's constitution wanting; and yet its advocates are
denounced without stint or measure. It is not just
to judge them by the opprohious epithets which
have been heaped upon them. Slander
"Will pour her slime
On all who dare dispute the claims of pride,
Oi question the high privilege of oppression."
But before the friends of free suffrage are con-
demned as lawless njen, let us know what rights, and
whoso rights, they violated in the adoption of their
constitution. They contended not "for the- liberty
