Feb. 1845, 
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Ashley.
Senate.
of lawless depredation." They waged no war
against property. They sought not the overthrow
of laws and courts. They interfered not with the
administration of justice. On the contrary, their
object was a just, noble, and patriotic one. It
was to substitute a constitution for a king-
ly charter—a fundamental written law for the
mere will and pleasure of a privileged body
of landholders and their eldest^ sons. They
had no other end in view. They avowed no other;
they labored foi* no other; and their constitution
proposed no other. But to effect this, they did not
contemplate a resort to force. Their remedy^was
the peaceful exercise of the people's rights. Their
constitution was deliberately framed and adopted
without violence or disorder; and force was only
resorted to, in self-defence, to sustain the govern-
ment organized under it. And just as certain as the
people have a light to determine the form of their
government, that constitution, after its adoption,
became the supreme law of the State, and those
who sustained it were the supporters, and not the
enemies, of law and order.
The claim of the opponents of the suffrage party
to be the exclusive friends of law and order, rests
upon no better foundation than the pretension-of a
small and irresponsible body of landholders to the
absolute and unlimited right to govern—to determine
who should and who should net participate in the
formation and administration of government. It is
the law and oider of usuiped authority over the
'God-given right of the people to self-government.
"It was usurpation," says the minority report,
"in Dorr to seek to impose a government even up-
on a resisting minority;" hut was it less so for a
minority to impose government upon a resisting
majority?
It was fatal, we are told, to the peopled constitu-
tion when only 13,944, out of a population of 108,-
837, voted for it; but when the present constitution
received only 7,024 votes, its validity is beyond a
question \
What is the inference? Is it not that U w and
order consist in the privileges of an aristocracy in
opposition to the rights of the people, and in the
authority of sandbanks and brute matter over the
moral woith and intelligence of the community?
The denial of the people's right to govern was
toryism in the days of the revolution. Is it any-
thing better now?
The right ofrepresentation in the legislature "was
then declared to be inestimable to the people's hap-
piness,1' and formidable to tyrants only." Has the
principle since changed? or can the forms oi law
make that right which is morally wrong?
The. impojtance, Mr. Speaker, of the right of the
people to eontiol their forms of government, cannot
be over estimated. It aftords the nest guaranty
and the greatest security for natural rights. It ena-
bles the Wn of each generation to adapt their insti-
tutions to the ever varying: conditions of society,
and to the onward march of improvement. It checks
the usurpation of power by rulers, guards against
abuses, and opens the way tor the, peaceful reform
of e\lis, which would otherwise be perpetuated, in
defiance of the people, and to their degradation arid
enslavement. It is a light which has been conse-
crated in the cause, of fit edom—a right which was
vindicated and sustained through all the want, and
suffering, and loss of life, poneequent upon a seven
years1 war with Great Britain, and one that cannot
be surrendered wrhout giving up the great and life-
giving principle offjCC iro v< n i men is.
But this right, on wh-oh rc^tT the whole fabric of
our government, is now demed ana denounced as a
dangerous heresy; ard all the horrors of the French
revolution, and all the chimeras dire conjured up
by usurping tyrants, and the alarmed fears of aii-;-
aristocrane pride, are now arrayed against it. We
are told that the dom-me that the majority oi the
male adult citizens of a State have, at oil times, the
power to reform and remodel their governments to
adapt it to the varying: conditions of society, ujs at
war with everv principle of civil government sub-
versive of crder. destructive of the security both of
civil and natural rights," and tend;, to the despotism
of numbers.
Such denunciation of the majority rule is no new
thing in the history of our country. We have al-
ways had a class of politicians who have distrusted
popular government, whose sympathies have been
with the lew, and whose longings have been for the
privileges of aristocracy. iNo opportunity with
them is lost to depreciate democratic institutions,
and to disparage the virtue and capacity of the ma-
jority of the people to determine the character and
control the affairs of government. Every foible is
seized upon, and every evil magnified. All the rob-
beries perpetrated, all the murders committed, and
all that savors of violence or disorder, are paraded
forth in judgment against a government by the peo-
ple. The advocates of a minority rule are blind to
its errors and its crimes, and can see nothing but the
prevalence of wrong, violence, and anarchy in the
control by a majority.
But how stands the matter? The power to change,
or to prevent a change, is possessed, in every na-
tion, by either the majority or minority. Thereis
no alternative, unless you give to the form of every
existing government the sanction of divine authori-
ty. The question, then, stripped of all disguises,
is, simply and solely, which is the most conducive
to the great ends o** socicty, and most in accordance
with the people's rights, to intrust the power to the
majority or minority* Every argument that is ad-
duced in favor of the minority rule must be founded
in a distrust of the people, and would, when car-
ried out, lead to that of an absolute monarch. The
reason that would load to the adoption of one less
than a majority, would, through the whole process,
give the preference to the less number, even to
that of a single individual. The minority rule is,
therefore, anti-republican, and is contrary to the
general tenor and spirit of Amenean institutions.
In effecting amendments to the United States con-
stitution, more than a majority is required; but this
is in consequence of its federal character. If our
general government wos a consolidated one, Mr.
Madison said, in the Virginia convention, "the as-
sent of the majority of the people would be suffi-
cient for its establishment; and as a majority have
adapted it already, the remaining States would he
bound by the act of the majority, even if they unan-
imously reprobated it.'"—Debates,p. 102.
"When legislatures are intrusted with power to
alter or amend constitutions, more than a majority
is generally required; not as a check upon the peo-
ple, but to prevent the abuse of delegated power,
or the encroachments of ruleis There are but
three or four States in the Union having constitu-
tions requiring more than a majority of the votes
of the people to effect an amendment. In a large
majority of the States, it has been the rule by
which constitutions have been adopted and govern-
ments administered It is this tyiant-drcad princi-
ple which has piloted the ship of state safely and
triumphantly through the storms of war and the
calms of peacc; has secured to the people the enjoy-
ment of then rights to an extent never surpassed,
and conducted them onward m a career of prospe-
rity seldom, if ever, equalled in the history of the
world. Compare our majority governments with
the minority ones of the Old or the New World, and
where do you find civil government in greater per-
fection, where less crime, and where greater securi-
ty for the rights of person and property?
Those who distiust the people warn us of the
dangers of popular supremacy. Why not look to
the consequences of the opposite rule? Why not
present, in all their dread anay, the long, black,
catalogue of crimes of which it has been the au-
thor; reckon up the sum of human misery which it
has produced; and paint out, m living colors, the
degradation and devastation of our race which have
fallowed in its train? Why point us to the isolated
cases of aggression upon the rights of person and
of property where majorities havebornesway, when
government by the few has been but the history of un-
holy aggression and unmerciful exaction? "It eats
the orphan's bread, and drinks the widow's tears."
It mounts to power over the prostate rights of the
people, without a beait to feelfoi human wo, or a
houl to beat m unison with popular hbeiiy.
What, then, is the reproach of the pcoph 'ssway5
I,? it instability? "AH experience hath shown,"
rays the declarat-on of our independence, "tjjat
mankind are far more disposed to suffer, while evils
are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolish-
ing the forms to which they aie accustomed." The
wonder is net that revolutions have ocemrfd, that
violence has been resorted to, and blood been shed,
but that There has been so little under the provoca-
tions of arbitiary governments, end that the people
have borne so much, so Umg, and so patiently.
The people are only turbulent and terrible when
ignorant and oppressed. A free and enlightened
nation would no sooner overthrow a government
that protected their rights and promoted their wel-
fare, than a sane man would commit suicide.
It is not pretended that the powers of government
may not be abused when exercised by a majority;
but I hold it to be a far better and safer rale for the
community than that of a minority—a principle not
looking to the generalinterest for its guide, and to
the general welfare for its end.
The question, Mr. Speaker, at issue in this con-
troversy is not one of mere local interest, but one of
free government, and one which calls upon the
members of this House to assert the right of the
people to determine in what manner they will be
governed in all its original fulness, and in- all the
vigor of its liberty-giving power.
SPEECH OF MR. ASHLEY,
OP ARKANSAS.
In Senate, February 22, 1845—On the annexation of
Texas.
The Senate having resumed the consideration of
the joint resolution from the House of Representa-
tives for the annexation of the republic of Texas—
Mr. ASHLEY said that he rose to address the
Senate under great embarrassment, arising in part
from the position in which he had been placed by
the able arguments to which the Senate had just
been listening, and m part from personal indispo-
sition which, under any other circumstances, would
have prevented not only an attempt to address the
body, but even his attendance at his seat; yet, situa-
ted as he knew himself to be in relation tt this im-
portant measure, he should hold himself recreant to the
duty winch he owed to his own noble State—a State
which, unsolicited by him, had conferred upon him
the distinguished position with which he was hon-
ored on that floor—if he could suffer the present
question to pass by without receiving from him
more than a silent vote. •
The whole subject was to him in a great measure
new; for, owing to a multiplicity of engagements at
home, he had enjoyed no further opportunity of ac-
quainting himself with its nature and bearing than
he had enjoyed since the debate commenced. He
must say, however, that it was most surprising to
him that it should excite the opposition which it
had met with in this chamber. This might be ow-
ing, perhaps, to a want of further information as to
the true grounds of the measure; but, in the mean-
while, he must be governed by his own convictions
of duty in regard to it.
And, m the first place, he must notice the mode
of construction which had here been applied to the
language and opinions of the fathers of the govern-
ment m relation to the true intent and meaning of
the constitution. This work had been construed
by rules which he (Mr. A.) had never heard applied
to an ordinary statute in our courts of law, and yet
he knew of no reason why a different mode of inter-
pretation should be applied to the constitution from
that which was pursued in construing any otner le-
gal instrument. Hewould_ask gentlemen if such
an idea had ever been heard of before, as that we
must ascertain what were the secret motives which
governed a minority of the convention which had
passed on the draft of the constitution. This conven-
tion of memorable and immortal men constituted a
body larger than that here assembled, of whose opin-
ions the Senate had heard nothing save in relation to
Mr. Madiso-i, Mr. Gotiverneur Morris, and two or
three others. How had the question been argued?
Had there been an analysis of the opinions and
purposes of the entire body? No. Gentlemen had
endeavored to show what were the prevalent mo-
tives of two or three individual members, disre-
gauling those of all the rest. Who ever heard of the
application of such a rule in interpreting any pub-
lic instrument? Apply it to the construction of any
one of the laws of Congress, and what would be the
result? Take, for example, the post office law
wine h had passed the Senate by a large majority
of votes. Six senators only hadspoken on that bill.
"Would it not be strange, passing strange, if the
Supreme Court, when that law was brought before
them for adjudication, should go into a labored in-
quiry as to the probable motives and known opin-
ions of the few gentlemen who had spoken on the
bill, utterly disregarding those of the residue of the
Senate' He spoke it with all due respect, yet he
could not but say that it did appear to him the
strangest course ever resorted to by sensible men,
wher?interpreting a great organic law, to go out of
the record and institute an inquiry into the probable
reasons and motives of a very small minority of
those who had made the law. At all events, it was
a principle of interpretation to which, in forming
his owji judgment, he could never agree. He free^
