Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Ashley.
Senate.
our own States would, if our general government
had been usurped by a despot. The citizens of each
State would be absolved from all allegiance to the
general government, and each would remain a free,
sovereign, and independent State. Mexico has,
and can have, therefore, no possible claim to their al-
legiance.
This was the view taken of the matter by the
people of Texas themselves. In 1819 they held a
convention at Nacogdoches, in which they passed
resolutions remonstrating and indignantly protesting
against the act of this government, by which it was
attempted, without their assent, to transfer them over
to Spain. But how were §we to get rid of the obli-
gation of the treaty of 1803? He admitted that we
were not bound to admit new States by the treaty
power without the assent of Congress, for the treaty
Eower could not bind Congress in an act which
elonged to the jurisdiction of Congress alone.
But Congress did, by its action, ratify that treaty,
and the government was bound by it. How could
we get rid of our obligation? It was impossible.
We never could beset free from that obligation.
There were no statute limitations which bound
men against the claim of freedom. When the State
of Arkansas entered this Union, she came here with
no petition in her hand for leave to hold a conven-
tion, and fiame a constitution to be submitted to
Congress. No, she claimed to come into the Union
under the treaty of 1803. C -ngress recognised her
right according to the stipulations of that treaty;
and she came in as of right, and not by favor. The
people of that territory called a convention them-
selves without asking leave of any body; they
demanded admission, they did not pray for it; and
Congress received them, not as an act of grace and
favor, but according to their right under the treaty
of 1803; and Congress did no more than that which
in justice and good faith they were bound to do by
virtue of the guaranties of that treaty.
What was a treaty? This question had been
asked and answered by the honorable senator from
Virginia [Mr. Rives] to whom Mr. A. had listened
with great delight, fie had been much instructed
as well as gratified by the fine discourse of that hon-
orable senator; proving, however, that which no-
body doubted or denied. That a treaty was a com-
pact, all admitted; but what sort of a compact was
it' He would refer gentlemen on this subject to a
definition which he considered as the best he had
ever met with. It was in the following words:
" A treaty is an agieompnt, , or contract between
two or moie nations or sovereigns, tormally signed b\ com-
missioners properly authori/ed^nd solemn!} ratified'by the
several sovereigns, or the supreme power ol' each State.''
The very terms of the definition showed that it
was a contract made through the agency of'commis-
sioners.
Mr. A. was here asked from what work the defi-
nition was derived, and he answered from the dic-
tionary; and if it was tested, it would he found to
be a true and just definition. It was in accordance
with the whole argument of the senator from Vir-
ginia. It was a contract: that none would dispute;
but it was a contract made by commissioners or
ambassadors. The name was immaterial, if they
were public agents appointed for that purpose.
These persons acted in hen of the government, just
as an attorney in fact actcd in lieu of his princi-
pal.
There was one other position taken by the honor-
able senator, which Mr. A. could not understand.
He seemed to suppose that there was in the consti-
tution an express grant of power to the treaty-
making branch of the government; but Mr. A.
could not find any such grant in that instrument.
The treaty-making power had been justly represent-
ed as ancillary in its character; it was a handmaid
to the other powers; it was a maid of all work, to
be employed as an instiument, wherever its agency
was requisite to carry out the granted powers of the
constitution. If there was any grant expressly
made to this power, it wan so recondite, and so
much a matter of hair-breadth distinction, that a
man of plain common sense could not discover it.
He must confess that these line metaphysical dis-
tinctions were wholly unsatisfactory to his mind. It
had very truly been said that in construing a reme-
dial statute, one of the first things to be done was to
look back and inquire into the evil that was to be
remedied. How did this principle apply to the
treaty power in the constitution? "What was the old
law? According to the cuticles of confederation, the
power of making treaties was reposed injthe legisla-
iw4 wlmt w^e ike svjl at thai wangemem?
The evil lay in the want of secrecy and the want of
despatch; and the remedy was to appoint other
agents, who could do the thing more speedily, and
with more secrecy. But was this any special grant
of power to those agents? Above all, was it an ex-
clusive grant of power? Certainly not. The old
common-law maxim would have come into play,
qui facit per alium facit per se—if the Congress
could do this thing by their agents, they could do it
themselves. He held that the legislative power was
competent to the performance of all acts which
could be done by the treaty power. In this, per-
haps, Mi\ A. might be mistaken. He never had
claimed to be a statesman. He was a lawyer and a
backwoodsman;and having in the latter capacity as
many sorts of business on his hands as Caleb Cluo-
tem, he could not, of course, be a very good lawyer.
He held the treaty power to be an instrument—a
very fit and convenient instrument, but still only an
instrument—for executing- and carrying into effect
the granted powers of the constitution.
But there was another view which had been taken
by the honorable senator, which appeared to Mr.
A. a very strange one. The senator claimed that
the only mode by which territory could be acquired
was through the agency of the treaty-making pow-
er. The learned gentleman, (Mr. Huntington,)
who had addressed the Senate before him, (and at
whose feet he had sat long since to learn the element-
ary principles of his profession,) held this doctrine:
and contended that all the precedents went to prove
that it wad so. With all the just respect which
Mr. A. entertained toward this, his former instruct-
or, he mufcit still be permitted to say that it appear-
ed very strange to him that Congress could do cir-
cuitously that which it could not do directly.
Even on the gentleman's own showing, it was Con-
gress only that could do it at last. Congress alone
could acquire territory. Congress alone could re-
ceive a new State. And why was it obliged to
adopt this circuitous mode of operation?
Mr. A. could not say what might be the intentions
of the Texian minister; but if he were President of
Texas, and an American minister came there with
propositions to treat about liberty for Texas to join
the United States, on adopting a republican form of
government, he would compel him to leave the
country as soon as possible. Why, what would be
the amount of the proposition, as addressed to a free
and independent nation? It involved indignity on
its very facc; and yet we claimed to treat Texas as
an equal! We asked the Texian people to becomc
our vassals, our abject slaves: to relinquish their gov-
ernment, to strip themselves of all their property,
and then to depend on our magnanimity to lestore
them their freedom. The veiy proposal to treat
with a free republic on terms like these would itself
be an irsuU; and if a public minister came bearing
terms like these in his hands, he would direct him
forthwith to leave the country.
Were he the functionary of the Texian govern-
ment when an American minister was proceeding
there with such a proposition, he should see, in the
language of Mr. Webster, that his feet should not
rest upon the soil. All sovereigns are equals; and
Texas, with her 150,000 inhabitants, is equal to oui
own glorious republic with her millions. What
would the people of the United States say to their
representatives in Congress if they should con-
sent that our government and people should
surrender their sovereignty and reduce themselves
to the condition of serfs, and trust to the generos-
ity of another government to raise them up
again, and incorporate them into their government?
If a Texian minister should come to Washington
with official powers to treat with this government,
and should then produce such a proposition as that:
'■just consent to reduce yourselves to servitude,
abandon your government, your forts and arsenals
and dock-yards, and all the national property you
possess, and then we will take you by the hand and
emancipate you," what would be the consequence to
an administration which should submit to an insult
like this' And it would be quite as strange if the
Texian government could ever consent to receive a
minister from us who should presume to offer a
treaty on the basis of so degrading a proposal.
Mr. A. said he did not think this was a wrong or
unfair view of the subject; and viewing it in that
light himself, he never could consent, by a vote of
his, to offer to a neighboring free republic so great
un indignity.
Gentlemen must recollect that this government
has acknowledged the republic of Texas "as a free,
sovereign? and ^dependent that she in
in all respects, by that act, so far as this government
is concerned, acknowledged to be sovereign'and
equal with "our own "glorious empire republic "
And if we treat with her, it must be as an equal,
and on equal terms; and we cannot, without offering
a gross insult to her, propose terms that we would
indignantly spurn if presented by her to us. If,
then, the treaty-making power is the only authority
under which we can act, we must acquire Texas
precisely as we did the same country by the treaty
of 1803, and hope she will trust that' we will per-
form our treaty obligations with better faith than
heretofore, and that Congress will do what they
failed to do when that country belonged to us be-
fore—admit them into our Union upon the same
footing with the original States. This is asking too
much, even if she had been a colony of Spain at
this time, and much more as an independent repub-
lic.
Gentlemen urged on the friends of these resolu-
tions that there was no precedent for such a transac-
tion.. Certainly not. There could be none, in the
nature of things. Congress never claimed the ex-
ercise of this power before. "When we did acquire
territory, we obtained it with" the population which
inhabited it; but they were not free citizens; they
were vassals; we purchased their lands from their
masters, without any act or consent of theirs, just
as provinces were bartered and transferred from
monarch to monarch in Europe, like so many flocks
and herds. "We could not treat with them as equals,
for they were not our equals. Before they could
become so, it was necessary to train them to the
enjoyment of freedom, and fit them, by degrees, for
the exercise of the rights and duties of citizens of
the State. We then purchased them as colonists;
but they were now on a different footing; they were
now freemen, and not vassals; they were free, inde-
pendent men, and we could now treat on equal
terms. But how? The question was answered by
the very words of the constitution: "New States
maybe admitted by the Congress into the Union."
It could be done in one way alone—viz: by a resort
to the legislative power Mr. A. repelled the idea
of first reducing them to vassalage.
But it was said that this was a compact—a com-
pact with a foreign State. Admit it: and was not
the statute book full of just such compacts? He
need not enumerate them. Our embargo and non-
intercourse laws were examples in point. These
were all contracts with foreign governmerts, and
differed in nothing from treaties, except that they
were not made by commissioners. By these acts
we made propositions to foreign governments,
which, if accepted 011 their part, went to bind us on
ours; end if vested rights accrued under them, they
could not be repealed but by consent of parties.
As to constitutional precedents, he could not con-
cur with gentlemen that there existed any on either
side. There could not, in the nature of things, be
any such. If this constitution was enacted by the
sovereign people for the government of their dele-
gated representatives, those representatives iuu&t
exercise its powers as they found them. They might
not break it, and then cali on the people to ratify
their infraction; for, if they might do this, then Con-
gress might at any time change the constitution.
What branch of the government was empowered to
to change it'' If they attempted it, their act, as a pre-
cedent, bound no man. No one department of gov-
ernment, nor all the departments together, could es-
tablish or authorize precedents on the powers of the
constitution. This was the doctrineMr. A* was
prepared to stand by. He held it our duty ever to
rccur to our political bible, and to decide questions
of constitutional right with all the lights we could
obtain, whether derived from an examination of
cotemporaneous history, or from able commentators
of established reputation; yet, after all, we must ex.
ecute the constitution as we understood it. This
principle had often been made the object of ridicule,
but he held it to be the only sound rule for an honest
man. How could any man execute it any other
manner? How could Mr. A. execute it as the
senator from Connecticut understood it? It could not
be done; he must obey the constitution as he under-
stood its commands. When he had got from every
quarter all the light upon it which he could, and
with these lights had formed his own best judg-
ment, as to its true intent and meaning, he must
obey it in that sense, and none other. The consti-
tution was intended not for us alone, or for those ot
our day; it was an instrument for all time; we must
examine it just as we examine the Bible, He did
not think ttee w any of vary deep orelabo-
