Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Ashley.
Senate.
reduce the value of all our land in the South and
West, and in effect soon destroy the entire cotton-
growing region of the South.
The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Rives,] when
responding to the argument, from expediency, in
favor of the admission of Texas, had asked, "And
what was to be done for poor old Virginia?" and re-
proached gentlemen in having made a soit of Indian
bargain with her, in which they "never had said
turkey to her once." And what had been his infer-
ence from the whole prospect before us? "The de-
population of Virginia." But Mr. A. would say to
that honorable senator, on the other hand, that non-
annexation would operate to depopulate the whole
South. The staple cotton product of that region
had now so increased in value and importance that
it controlled the commerce of the world. About the
year 1790, we exported to England only three bales
of it; but, since then, the product had risen
to two and a half millions of bales. The
product had greatly overrun the consumption;
and if it should continue much more to increase,
the price would run down till at last it would not
pay the interest of the money invested. Now if
Texas should make such a treaty with England as
he had designated, what'must the planters be driven
to? To employing their slaves m producing some-
thing that would pay their debts; and, as cotton
would no longer do this, they would not be able to
afford to remain longer within the United States.
They would have an inducement, to the amount of
13 per cent, on the entire value of then* crop of rot-
ton, to leave their country. But this was not all.
In addition to these 13 per cent, on their cotton,
which they would save by removing across the line
into Texas, they would save the average duty, say
of 40 per cent., which they now paid to our own
government on British goods imported, and, by
consequence, the sam3 per cent, on our own manu-
factures. With reasons so commanding for his re-
moval, no planter could or would long stay at home.
He must go to Texas or starve That state of
things would then have arrived in which, if the
slaves did not run away from their masters, the
masters would have to run away from the slaves.
This was, in fact, fulfilling every week, and that to
an extent of which the Senate had little imagina-
tion.
Mr. A. resided at Little Rock, and there the tide
of emigrants for Texas was so great that they re-
quired a steamboat to ferry them across the Arkan-
sas river; and their numbers had raised the price of
corn from twenty-five cents to two dollars a bushel
on the route ofemigiation Then there was another
line of emigrants which was passing through Ar-
kansas, on the extreme western border of the State;
a third passed near Natchez to Natchitoches; and,
in addition, a strong emigration by the way of Red
river; besides all the rest who went across the
Gulf.
What would be the natural effect of such a state
of things? Five years would not pass away befoie
Texas would be able to grow cotton enough to
supply the whole woild. Why, little Arkansas,
with her population of 125,000, possessed cotton
land enough to supply two such woilds. That lit-
tle State alone could produce double the quantity of
all the cotton now raised in the United States. To
accomplish this would require but four millions of
acres, and the State had from ten to fifteen millions
of good land for the production of cotton.
With these facts before them, would gentlemen
deny that it was expedient to annex Texas to the
Union? What would be the effect of that measure2
It was known to everybody that, from the days of
the revolution to this day, Great Britain had been
watching our progress with a jenlous eye; and since
the vast increase of her cotton manufactures m 1816,
she had been looking: out eagerly for some source
other than that of the United States to supply her
operatives with the raw material. She had sent her
agents over sea and land to effect this object, it it
were possible; she had obtained overseers and ma-
chinery in this country, and sent them out to India,
Egypt, and Brazil: but in vain. All her experi-
ments in those countries had turned out to be fail-
ures, and tl\,ere remained no other cotton region
which could, for a moment, come in competition
with the United States but Texas alone. It had
been sought the world over, but could not be found.
The Senate had been very gravely informed that
this representation was ridiculous, since cotton could
be raised ail around the globe within 36 degrees of
the equator on either side. This, to a certain ex-
tent, was true; but by whom was this belt of the
earth possessed? Not by the Anglo-Saxon race;
and it never could ^iter into competition with a re-
gion fertile as Texas, and filled with the industry
and enterprise which had marked the progress and
insured the success of American settlers wherever
they turned their face. Let gentlemen consider
what had been already the cotual increase in the
production of cotton in Texas within the last few
years. In 1836, the amount raised was half a mil-
lion of pounds; in 1838, 1,400,000;' in 1839, 2,200,-
000; in 1840, 4,400,000; in 1842, 8,000,000; and in
1845, 10,000,000, by estimate. This, however, was
but a small pait of the cotton raised there. These
amounts were taken from the returns of cotton im-
ported into New Orleans entitled to debenture. But
much of theTexian cotton went through the cus-
tom-house at New Oileans, all passing there, without
inquiry, as American cotton. A hundred thousand
bales is the estimated amount of the crop of cotton
raised in Texas in the year 1844. This estimate is
made by the deputy collector of New Orleans, sta-
tioned at Natchitoches, and is, probably, not far from
the truth. Senators may, in my judgment, be assured
that five shoit years will not pass by, or at all
events not ten, ere the republic of Texas, if inde-
pendent, will be able to supply all foreign de-
mand. When this was the case, and "Holland
could get all the cotton she needed from 'i'exas,
under a commercial treaty, what would her next
step naturally be5 To impose a duty on cotton
brought from the United States, like that imposed
on our breadstuffs, amounting to a prohibition ofits
importation; and then in what situation would our
manufactui ers in New England be? Mr. Evans,
who had justly acquned the soubriquet of the
"Apostle of Finance," had said that our internal com-
merce was fifteen times as great as our foreign, but
let this stale of things arrive, and that branch of our
trade would be ^one forever. The South could no
longer purchase the manufactures of the Eastern
States, because it could no longer pay for them, and
because it could get better and cheaper goods from
Texas. Mr. A. repeated the prediction, that if
Texas should not be admitted, the southern States
must be depopulated. It might be true that the ad-
mission of Texas would change the local position of
some of our planters, but that was a matter very
immaterial, because their relation to the Union aud
to the government would still continue the same.
All the cotton raised by our citizens would be
laised within our own country, and by men having
the same feelings and interests with ourselves—by
men subject to the same 40 per cent, tanfT—and
the same laws and regulations in all respects. So
that, even admtting some disadvantage to arise, this
would be more than counterbalanced by the good
attained.
The last subject on which the senator spoke was
that of slaveiy, and of that he had spoken as of <t
question of political power; and here he had referred
to the language of Mr. Clay, in his letter from Ra-
leigh, that it was fatal to the interest of the country
to acquire territoiy with a view to piescrve the bal-
ance of political power. No such object did or
could, m reason, influence southern statesmen.
They did not, and could not, expect to preserve the
balance of power between the slaveholdmgand non-
slaveholumg States, for many years to come.
Mr. A. deeply regretted that this subject had been
brought forward at all; aud he held that the man
who had first brought it forward at the time of the
Missouri compromise, deserved, and wou'd leceive,
in all future time, the execration of his countrymen,
for having stiried so agitating and irritating a sub-
ject of debate. As to political power, everybody
knew that it had long since passed from the South;
the North was now in a vast majority; four-fifths
of the .Union, including Oregon, were in the pos-
session'of the non-slaveholdmg States, or belonged
to future States where slavery could not exist here-
after. Competition, then, \\ith the Noith, or any-
thing like a balance of power, was out of the ques-
tion." All that the South now churned or hoped for,
was an honorable observance of the compromises
of the constitution. As to the idea of their hold-
ing a balance with the North, it was ridiculous; they
might, perhaps, do it for a year or two in the Sen-
ate; but what had gentlemen witnessed? The North
was acquiring an extent of country large enough
to contain fifteen States, in all of which, ac-
cording to positive stipulation, no slavery was
ever to be permitted. But give them Texas,
and though the dividing line of 36° 30' should
be continued to the Pacific, and the country
divided into States as small as Rhode Island,
still they could not keep the balance of pow-
er. Mr. A. was inclined to believe that mul-
titudes among the abolitionists were entire-
ly honest. Rogues and hypocrites there' were,
no doubt, among them; but the greater part
were honest, though deluded men, who were
ready to go to the gallows in defence of their
principles, and who would suppose, could they set
every slave free to-morrow, or possibly cut the
throat of every slaveholder in all the South, that they
were doing God service. These were met), who,
having embraced a particular idea, would persevere
and do the act to which that idea would lead them,
and then leave all consequences with God.- Now,
to such men he would present the question, What
was to be done with the slaves of the South? They
increased more rapidly than the whites; and they
had to meet that question some time. Fifty years
hence, where would the whites and where would
the colored be? Annex or not, the time must come
when the number of negroes would be so large that
their labor must be unproductive. What, then, he
repeated, were gentlemen prepared to do? Would
they confine this population within the limits where
it now existed? The necessary consequence would
be, that as the country could not maintain both
whites and blacks, the one race or the other must be
exterminated. When he presented these questions
to the abolitionists, the only answer he should prob-
acy obtain was, that "they could not tell;" that
"God had not directed their minds that way." It
m:?ht be so; but that did not alter the fact; and if-all
on'.let to the slaves was refused, the certain, the inev-
itable result must be that the black race would be
exterminated. The annexation of Texas would, at
least, put off that day. He did not say that it would
finally prevent it; but it certainly would defer it. It
opened an outlet for the colored population: it suf-
fered them gradually to transfer themselves into a
region still further south, where their color was not
attended with the same degrading associations, but
where, like General Houston's body servant, they
might, if honor pricked them on, fight a duel accord-
ing to the highest principles of "the military pro-
fession. Here was an opening by which the South
might eventually get rid of an intolerable burden.
Keep things as they were, and the certain issue was
a war of extermination, under which the one or the
other race must perish. Let any man calculate
their actual increase, and he must shortly be con-
vinced that, sooner or later, the whites would have
to support the blacks. Manumitted and free, the
whites could not live with them; submit to their
dominion the whites never would. The result must
be war; and with the superior intelligence and means
of the white man, it was not hard to tell which of the
parties must give way. The whites would ulti-
mately triumph, the blacks must be exterminated;
and then the utopean schemes of the abolitionists
would have wrought out the last act of the drama.
Suppose Texas is not annexed, and an effort is
made to prevent the extermination of the race: will
the non-sbveholding States receive the emancipated
blacks5 Will they receive their proportion of them*
All know this will not, cannot be. Already most
of the fiec Slates have severe laws against the in-
troduction of free blacks among them. Many re-
quire security that they shall not become burden-
some, and all are averse to submit to the greatest
curse that could be inflicted on them—the miserable,
degraded, vagabond free "blacks.
If this course of reasoning was not satisfactory,
he should be pleased to hear it refuted, and especial-
ly gratified that any one would attempt to show to
the people of the United States any other more
practicable mode of meeting and disposing of this
great question of slavery; and show what can be
done with the millions of slaves now and hereafter
to inhabit this vast republic.
Mr. A. here broke off under severe indisposition,
observing that he hud intended to pursue his re-
marks much further, but found himself unable.
APPENDIX.
Joint resolutions offered in the Senate of the United States
by Mr. A-hle\, of Arkansas, which were read the iirst
and bccond time, and laid on the table.
Be it i esolced by the Senate and IJousc o/ Representatives uf
the United S'ates of JLmti ita in Cenguss assembled, That
the republic of Texas, by the name and style of "the State
of Texas,"be received and admitted into this Union, upon
the same footing with the original States in all it'&pects
hatever, upon the following conditions:
1 That a convention, duly called by the constituted au-
thorities thereof, shall so modify or amend the existing con-
stitution of said republic, as to adapt it'to the constitution
of the United States.
