Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
•Annexation of Texas—Mr. Daniel.
H. of Reps.
in a representative or senator may be such as fol-
lows the citizenship of a State or results from the
relation of the inhabitants of a Territory to the fede-
ral'government. For if the people of a Territory
form a government and are admitted as a State into
the Union, there can be no doubt, I apprehend, that
one who was born, and has always lived in such
Territory, may represent it at once in either branch
of Congress, although he may never have been in
any State in the Union. And, on the other hand,
if Texas, or any other foreign State.be admitted
into the Union, her citizens will thereby become cit-
izens of the United States at once, by virtue of the
second section of the fourth article already referred
to; and such as have been citizens for seven and
nine years will come -within the provisions of the
constitution precisely in the same manner that citi-
zens of the several States originally did; for it was not
required that they should be citizens of the United
Sta'es government just formed and put in operation for
seven years in the one case, and nine in the other,
for such was an impossibility; but citizens of the
States represented, and consequently citizens of the
United States. By this construction, the very ob-
ject intended to be secured by citizenship i3 attained
—fidelity to, and knowledge of, the interest of the
particular State, and consequently fidelity to the in-
terest of the United States; being nothing more than
the blended and aggregate interest of all the States,
consistently with the object of the clause for the ad-
mission of new States.
But, Mr. Chairman, another answer, which has
already been given, is a sufficient one to the objec-
tion on the score of citizenship in the particular case
of Texas. Most of the inhabitants of Texas are
emigrants of the United States; and although I do
not concur in the feudal notion that citizens and
subjects are adstricti glebce, and cannot expatriate
themselves, expatriation should never be presumed
if it can be avoided. The cases of American citi-
zens leaving the United States with the intention of
abandoning their country forever are so very rare,
and the instances for commercial and other purposes
so frequent, that the latter should always, and the
former never, be presumed. I hold it to bea sound
principle, therefore, that although a citizen emigrate
to another country, and acquires in it the rights of
citizenship, his rights here are merely suspended,
and are revived and immediately attach to him upon
his return, whhout the formality of naturalization.
The extension of the limits of the United States, by
the admission of Texas, would have the same effect
as the voluntary return of all the emigrants there
from the United States, any of whom would steer
clear of the objection which has been urged.
But, sir, if neither of the answers which have
been submitted were sufficient, it would only prove
that Congress could not admit Texas, at once, as a
State, and would be a strong, if not conclusive, ar-
gumtnt m favor of its admission or acceptance as a
Territory, For reason and common sense require,
that the power of Congress extending to the ad-
mission oi new States of foreign teriitory, as I think
i have conclusively shown, should be carried into
cilect in some way, to accomplish the Lobject for
which it was given. And that Congress may admit
or accept Texas, as a territory, is a proposition
which I shall now attempt to show. And as the
importance which I attach to the acquisition of
Texas is such, that I may vote for some of the
resolutions which propose to annex it as a terri-
tory, I must express my regret that my friend
fiom Virginia, who addressed the committee
this morning, and whose opinions are entitled to
great respect, has cast the weight of his authori-
ty against this mode of admission. The objec-
tion, if I understand it, consists in this: that the ad-
mission or acceptance of Texas as a territory is not
necessarily incident to it3 admission as a State into
the Union. In other words, the idea seems to be,
that uie least possible extent or range of action
whereby the end can be accomplished for which a
given power was vested m Congress, can alone be
justified under the power. For instance: if it can be
accomplished by one entire act, we are not at liberty
to do the same thing in piecemeal by several acts,
although by every act we proceed one step further,
and directly towards the full and final accomplish-
ment of the end proposed. If such be the idea upon
which the objection to this mode of admission be
founded, I hold it to be erroneous, and refuted by
the uniform practice of the government in all analo-
gous cases, and not called for by the acknowledged
rules of construction by which the republican party
have professed to be governed. Sir, I am myself a
strict constructionist; and if I could be induced to
believe that any of the essential rules of construction
by which that school of politicians are governed
would be violated by the admission or acceptance of
Texas as a territory, I would not vote for it, as
anxious as I am to acquire Texas. In the earliest
acts by Congress for the admission of States into the
Union, the smallest possible range of action only
was necessary. Vermont, for instance, being an
independent State when she applied for admission,
Congress simply passed a single act declaring their
assent to her admission into the Union. And in
the case of Kentucky, the legislature of Virginia
having authorized the people of the district of Ken-
tucky to form a constitution, With a view to their
admission as a State into the Union, and the conven-
tion of delegates having petitioned Congress "to
consent that on the first day of June, 1792, the
said district should be formed into a new
State, and received into the Union, by the name
of "the State of Kentucky," Congress did, by an
act approved February 4, 1791, consent, "that upon
the aforesaid first day of June, one thousand seven
hundred and ninety-two, the said new State, by the
name and style of the State of Kentucky, (should)
be received and admitted into this Union as a new
and entire member of the United States of Ameri-
ca." The State of Tennessee was admitted by an
act of Congress, declaring it to be "one of the Uni-
ted States of America," and Ohio by an act author-
izing the inhabitants to form a constitution and State
government, "and the said State, when formed, to be
admitted into the Union." But in the case of Lou-
isiana, and mobt of the other States, preparatory
acts were first passed, authorizing the holding of
conventions for the formation of constitutions to be
submitted to Congress; whereupon acts for their ad-
mission into the Union as States were passed. The
fact that no preparatory acts were previously passed
in the cases of Vermont, Kentucky, Tennessee, and
Ohio, proves that they were not indispensably ne-
cessary in the cases in which such acts were passed;
yet nobody has ever doubted but they were war-
ranted by the power to admit new States. And if,
sir, the power to admit new States into the Union is
to be restricted to the mere ceremony of passing an
act embodying the assent of Congress to such ad-
mission, can gentlemen fail to perceive that some of
the resolutions, if not all, proposing the admission
of Texas as a State, merely embody the terms, and
pledge the consent of Congress for its admission,
but do not, in fact, admit Texas into the Union? It
does seem, Mr. Chairman, with all due deference to
others, that if we will not indulge in a course of
reasoning like that which characterized the scholas-
tic disputations of the middle ages, but, looking at
the objects which words are used to denote, anil as
well as the words themselves, will consider the end
to be accomplished by the admission of a State into
the Union, it will not be difficult to perceive that
this mode of admission is clearly in part perform-
ance of, and wa-ranted by, the power to admit new
States. Thei:e\' State of Texas is the object upon
which the now ; is co operate, and the wor'" to be
done, or end t i - accomplished, is to admit or make
it a fjtate of i i Union. That is, the people of
Texas are to be admitted to the same relation to
the federal government, and to have the same
rights and privileges of self-government and par-
ticipation in the federal administration, which exist
among the people of the several States of the Union.
This twofold political relation is not necessarily to
be accomplished at one and the same time; for if a
power be given to accomplish a particular end, it is
an admitted rule of construction that the time and
manner of its performance, and whether by a single
act or several, are left to the wisdom and discretion
of Congress to govern by the circumstances of the
case that may arise. In the discussion of the bill di-
iccting the State legislatures to divide their respect-
ive States into districts, for electing members of
Congress according to the apportionment under the
last census passed during the last Congress, and
also in the debate which arose upon the question of
admitting to their seats the members elected by gen-
eral ticket at the last session, it was earnestly insist-
ed that an act in part performance of a given power
is valid under the power. The position was un-
questionably a sound one, but had no application to
the facts of the case. If the preparatory acts for the
admission of States before noticed are justified un-
der the power to admit new States, save the admis-
sion or acceptance of Texas as a Territory, creating
and establishing one of the important political rela-
tions resulting from the admission of a new State
into the Union must be also.
But in this case, if Texas be admitted into the
Union first as a Territory, it will be strictly in part
performance of the entire work which the constitu-
tion authorizes to be done. One of the political re-
lations—that existing between the people of a Ter-
ritory and the federal government—will have been
established; and when Texas shall have formed a
republican constitution, adapted to its condition as
a member of the Union, and as such shall be admit-
ted not merely into the Union, but into the govern-
ment of the Union, all the political rights will there-
upon attach to her citizens, which the full and entire
performance of the power was designed to create
and establish; and this view renders it not improba-
ble that the acute and penetrating mind of Gouver-
neur Morris was not without an object in using the
word "Union" instead of "government" in the sub-
stitute which he offered. He probably foresaw that
in some of the cases which might arise it might be
most appropriate to establish, in the first instance,
the relation of a territorial government, which would
be, in some sense, an admission into the Union,
though not into the government of the Union, or in
the full sense designed to be accomplished by the
full and entire performance of the power.
Unless it be unlawful to hold territory which has
not been previously acquired by the treaty-making
power, I will add but few other considerations to
what 1 have already said in answer to the objection
on this point. It will not be contended that it is
within the functions of the treaty-making power to
admit Texas into the Union in any sense, either as
a Territory or a State. All that it can do is to con-
clude the terms, and obtain the consent of Texas,
preparatory to her admission. The only way in
which Texas can, in any sense, nnd to any extent,
be brought into the Union and admitted to the bene-
fits of the government of the United States, is by
act of Congress admitting it at once as a State, or
extending our jurisdiction over Texas as a Terri-
tory. Why, then, I again repeat, invoke the treaty
power to accomplish what has already been signi-
fied to us—the willingness, nay, desire, of Texas to
become a member of the Union, in any way com-
patible with the honor and interest of the people of
the two countries. After admission, the security of
the people of either country would not rest upon
the treaty stipulations, but upon the compact among
all the States which creates that government whose
benefits are sought.
Will gentlemen who think there is anything in
this objection refer me to the clause in the constitu-
tion under which the rich and valuable territory
ceded by North Carolina and Georgia was acquired
and held? It will be observed that the cessions were
made by the legislatuies of those States, and that no
authority lias been given to the State legislatures to
cede any portion of the soil of their respective States
to the federal government but in pursuance of one
of two clauses m the constitution—the one author-
izing the cession of places "for the erection of forts,
magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other need-
ful buildings;" the other the clause for the ad-
mission of new States, in which it is expressly
provided that "no new State shall be formed or
erected within the jurisdiction of any other
State" without the consent of the legislature of
such State. As the cessions were not made for
the erection of a fort, or any such needful build-
ing, they must have been made and accepted
under the clausc for the admission of new States.
And it will be found, upon examination of the
conditions upon which the cessions were made, that
a leading purpose was the formation of the territory
into States, and their admission into the federal
Union. This was only a different mode of making
States of Tennessee and the territory ceded by
Georgia, (induced, in a great degree, perhaps, by
the idea that a territorial governmentwould afford
mare security to the people inhabiting those ter-
ritories than the governments of the present States,)
from that prescribed by Virginia in the case of Ken-
tucky. In that case, the people of the district of
Kentucky were authorized by Virginia to form a
constitution, under which she was admitted into the
Union by Congress, with the consent of the Vir-
ginia legislature, without the preparatory step of a
cession of the territery to the United States. Sir, I
have not treated the acquisition of Tennessee and
the Yazoo country by the federal government, as a
mere property transaction. The leading purpose of
the acquisition—the formation and admission of new
States into the Union—forbids it. But, sir, if
