m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1845.
88th Cong 2d Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Winihrop.
H. of Reps.
admission—for it is in some Sense an admission into
Union, or acceptance—of Texas, as a territory, were
placed upon the ground of a property transaction,
where, in the name of reason and common sense, is
the objection? There are at this time some Arabian
horses in this city, belonging to the government, and
many valuable articles in the Patent Office, received,
not from any States of the Union, but from foreign
princes, and v/ithout a treaty negotiation to obtain
them our title to which depends upon the acceptance of
Congress; and when it is admitted that the govern-
ment of the United States can hold territory as well
as horses, guns, and carpets, why may we not accept
Texas when it is offered to us by those who have
the undoubted right to dispose it'
Mr. Daniel's hour having expired, he was not
permitted to proceed further in his remarks.
SPEECH OF MR. WINTHROP,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives, February 1, 1845—
On the Oregon question.
The bill for the organization of a territorial gov-
ernment in Oregon being under consideration in
Committee ef the Whole on the state of the
Union—
Mr. WINTHROP said: I took the floor last
evening, Mr. Chairman, as I stated when the com-
mittee rose, with no view of preparing myself for
any formal speech on the Oregon question. It may
be remembered that I addressed the House on that
questicYi at some length last year. The circum-
stances of the case have not materially changed
since then, and my opinions in regard to it are alto-
gether unaltered. I shall content myself, therefore,
V/ith a few remarks in reference to the precise bill
\mder consideration, and with some observations in
reply to gentlemen who have preceded me m the
debate.
I shall enter into no argument of the American
title to the Oregon Territory. No such argument,
certainly, is needed to convince the members of this
House of the justice of our claim to that territory.
Whatever else we may differ about, we all seem to
Slave a sufficient sense of the soundness of our own
title. It seems to be forgotten, however, that it is
Great Britain, and not the United States, which re-
quires to be convinced on this point. If gentlemen
Would only undertake to satisfy Sir Robert Peel and
Lord Aberdeen that the American title is entirely
indisputable, and that the British pretension is alto-
gether void and groundless, or if they could foitify
Mr. Calhoun in his efforts to enforce these positions
upon the British minister with whom he is treating,
they would turn their researches and their rhetoric
to a more profitable account. I fear they are con-
tributing to no such result. I am inclined to be-
lieve that arguments, however strong, would lose
much of their weight in the quarters I have sug-
gested, when uttered in the tone of menace and de-
fiance which has characterized so much of this de-
bate. Nor can I forbear to say, that it appears to
me extremely impolitic for us to be publicly en-
gaged in any arguments on the subject while nego-
tiations in regard to it are actually on foot within
ear-shot of this hall, and while we are necessarily
ignorant how far our own individual views may
conform to those which t!;e American Secretary of
State may be at this moment pressing upon the at-
tention of the British negotiator.
Indeed, sir, this whole proceeding is, in my judg-
ment, eminently calculated to impede and embarrass
the negotiations in which the two governments are
employed. We have received authentic assurances
that those negotiations have not yet failed, that they
are still in progress, and that a communication in re-
gard to them may be expccrcd from the executive
before the close of the present session. Why not
wait for this communication' Why insist on taking
any step in the dark, when, in a few weeks at the
most, we shall be able to act advisedly, and to see
clearly the ground on which we are treading?
I cannot help thinking, Mr. Chairman, that the
course proposed to be pursued on this subject sa-
vors somewhat of distrust of the hands to which
our side of this negotiation is committed. I know
not that any such thing is intended. I know not
that there is any purpose to influence, by this pro-
ceeding, the cabinet arrangements of the President
elect. It seems to me, however, that the peculiar
friends of the present Secretary of State may well feel
some little jealousy on the point There is such a
thing known to the PartianwM ef Great Britain ns a
•vote of confidence in the ministry. The passage of
this bill, taken in connection with the circumstances
under which it will have been passed, and with the
considerations by which it has been urged, will
seem not a little like a vote of want of confidence in
our American Secretary. I am no champion of Mr.
Calhoun. His Texas negotiations and correspond-
ence have certainly not inspired me with the most
enthusiastic admiration of his diplomatic ability or
tact. But it seems passing strange, I confess, that
any of his friends should be willing to acquiesce in
such marked imputations on his statesmanship and
ministerial fidelity as have been heard on all sides of
the House. " \Ve cannot wait for negotiations. We
want no more of them. They are sacrificing our
territory. They are only another name for surren-
ders of our rightful sovereignty." These are the
cries by which this measure is to be carried through!
Why, sir, I should imagine, from all this, that we
had some unprincipled or incompetent British whig
at the head of our ioreign affairs, ready to mart our
territory for gold, or that some such person was
like to succeed to the Department of State at the
earliest moment. Such cries are the stale and un-
founded reproaches with which political opponents
have been wont to assail our public functionaries for
party effect. That they should now be heard from
the self-styled democracy of the House while a
democratic Secretary of State has the great seals of
the nation still in his hand, and while a fire-new
democratic administration is on the very eve of ac-
cession, is, indeed, not a little extiaordinary.
No more negotiations! Why, sir, one would
suppose that this would be the very time when a
majority of this House would desire to have nego-
tiations entered upon, and would feel a confidence
that they would be conducted to a triumphant con-
clusion. What have they to fear? In the humiliat-
ing failure of all previous negotiations, they have
the foil which is to give a greater brilliancy to their
own succcss. If the treaty of Washington was
really so inglorious a suirender, pray, pray, Mr.
Chairman, do not forbid the abler, the more accom-
plished, the more patriotic negotiator of your own
choice, present or future, to give us the example of a
| better treaty. Do not forbid him to retrieve the
character of American diplomacy; to pluck up the
drowning honor of the country from the waters of
the St. John's; and to show us, for all time to come,
how to preserve, with a greater skill, at once the
rights and the interests of the republic, including
that highest of all her interests, peace'!
No more negotiations! The treaty of Washington
an inglorious surrender! To be sure, four-fifths of
the Senate ratified that treaty,and tiie whole 'Ountry
applauded it. But then Maine has never assented
to it! So says one of the honorable members from
Maine, [Mr, Hamlin.] Maine had her commissioners
here, had she not, with full powers to agree upon a
conventional line of boundary? And they did agree
upon such a line; and Maine has since received into
her treasury the money for which those commis-
sioners stipulated, and for which the treaty provided.
Nor, sir, the mere reimbursement of -xpenses incur-
red in maintaining her supposed rights, as the hon-
orable member implied, but the rated consideration
for the lands to which she relinquished her claim.
And yet the honorable member insists that Maine
has never yet assented to the treaty! This is an ex-
traordinary position, certainly. I trust that it is not
advanced now as a pretence for repudiating the trea-
ty, and for setting up a new claim to leaunexation
hereafter. How is the position sustained? Simply
by the allegation that the treaty was opposed by the
"only democratic senator from Maine m the body
by which the treaty was ratified.-" As jf it were not
an ample set-off to that suggestion that the treaty
was supported by the only whigsenator from Maine
at the same period; a gentleman [the Hon. Geohgs
Evans] of whom I may say, without intending any
disparagement to the democratic senator referred to,
[the Hon. Rfel Wiliiams, for whom I have a high
personal esteem, founded upon a long acquaintance,]
that he is second to none of his colleagues, past or
present, nor, indeed, to any member of the body to
which he belongs, in ability, in patriotism, or in a
just regard for the rights and the interests, either of
his own Srate or the nation at large.
No more negotiations! Why, Mr. Chairman,
where is such a doctrine as this to lead usJ Inevita-
bly to war. To war with England now; to war
with all the world hereafter, or, certainly, with all
parts of the world with which we may have contro-
versies of any sort. And even war can never put
an to the necessity of r^otUtma. w
is to be perpetual, you must come back to negotia-
tion in the end. The only question in the ca.se be-
fore us—the only question in every case of disputed
international lights—is, not whether you will nego-
tiate or fight, but whether you will negotiate only,
or negotiate and fight both. Battles will nevfer set-
tle boundaries between Great Btitain and theUnited
States, in Oregon, or elsewhere. The captuie of
ships, the destruction of commerce, the burning and
plundering of cities, will leave us just where we
commenced. First or last, negotiation alone can set-
tle the question-. For one, therefore, I am for negotia-
tion first, before war, and without war. I believe
that we shall get quite as much of Oregon in this
way; and I know that we shall gctit at lessexpense,
not merely of money, but of all that makes up-the
true welfare and honor of our country.
Sir, the reckless flippancy with which war is
spoken of in this House and elsewheie, as a thing
to be "let come,11 rather than wait for the issue of
negotiations, is deserving, in my judgment, of the
severest rebuke and reprobation from every chris-
tian, patriot and statesman. I say let it not come,
let it never come, if any degree of honorable patience
and forbearance will avert it. I protest against any
course of proceeding which shall invite or facilitate
its approach. I protest against it in behalf of the
commerce of the nation, so considerable a part of
which I have the honor to represent. I protest
against in the name of the public morality and reli-
gion, which ought to be represented by every
member on this floor. I protest against it, also,
in the spirit of a true republican democra-
cy. My venerable colleague [Mr. Adams] al-
luded yesterday to the old and well-known cor-
respondence of James Madison and Alexander
Hamilton, under the signatures of Helvidius
and Pacificus, and expressed his wish that it might
be freshly read by all who took an interest in as-
certaining the just limitations of executive power. I
cordially respond to that se^ument. But I will ven-
ture to say that no one will read these letters with-
out being struck wills the force, the beauty, the con-
summate justness and truth of a warning ugaiust
war, which one of these letters contains, and
which constitutes the crown jewel of the whole
series:
-War is in fa^t, (says James Madison,) the true nurse of
executive Hggrandi/ement. in war a physical force is to
be created, and it is the executn e will which is to direct
it Inwai the public tieasuics are to be unlocked, ard it
is the execute'5 hand h.ch is to disptnse them In war
the honors and emoluments of office are to be multiplied,
and it is the executive patronage under which they are to
be enjoyed Jt is in wcr. finally, that lam els are to be gath
ered, and it i& the executive l^on ttxey a'eto encircle The
s-tronge-1 passions and most dangerous weaknesses of the
human bieas-t—ambition, avaiice. vanity, the honorable or
venial love of fame—are all m conspiracy gainst ihe desire
and the duty ol peace.
"Hence it hu-« grou n into an axiom, that the executive
is the department of pow or most di^tingmthed by its pro-
pensity to wai, hence it is the practice of all States, in pro-
porhon fis they are free, to disarm tiiis propensity of its in-
fluence. -
Such is noble testimony which was borne by one
of the fathers of our country, half a century ago,
to the anti-republican tendencies of war. And it is
of this "true nurse of executive aggrandizement,'5
that gentlemen, who are pluming themselves upon
their exclusive democracy, are so continually cry-
ing, let it come ! Such a cry, Mr. Chairman, is not
only inconsistent with sound republicanism and true
morality, but it is to the last degree puerile. I in-
tend no disrespect to any gentleman who hems me;
but as I have listened to the heroic strains which
have resounded through this hall for some days
prist, m reference to the facility with which we could
muster our fleets in the I^acific, and march _ our ar-
mies over the Rocky mountains, and whip Great
Britain into a willingness to abandon her preten-
sions to Oregon, 1 have wished the same Philip
Faulconbridge were here to reply, as he does in
Shakspeare's King John, to some swaggenng citi-
zen of Angiers—
 ''IlereV alarn-j mouth indeed,
Tli 't spits foith death and n: -uintanis, iocks dii 1
Talk? a? familiarly oi roaring lions
As maids of this teen do of puppy dog^.
He speaks plain cannon, lire and si,-soke, and bounce!"
This is certainly no bad description of much of
the debaie to which this bill has given occasion, and
which might better have befitted the dramatic stage
than the council ha'Js of a civilized nation.
And against whom are all these gasconading brav-
adoes indulged? What nation has been thus be-
thumpt and bastinadoed with brave words? 1 j:aTe
no t'orrtpiimems to bestow on Great Britain am
nnt apologist Of late
