Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess
Oregon Territory—Mr, Wintkrop.
H. of Reps.
least I can say, without fear of imputation or im-
pugnment: that, of all the nations of the world, she
is mat nation winch is able to do ua the most good
in peace and the most harm in war. She is that na-
tion with whom the best interests of our country im-
peratively demand of us to go along harmoniously,
so long os we can do so without a sacrifice of un-
questionable right and honor. She is that nation a
belligerent conflict with whom would out back the
course of human civilization and improvement more
than it has advanced m a half century past, or
would recover in a half ccntury to come. Peace be-
tween Great Britain and the United States is not a
mere interest of the two countries; it is an interest
of the world, of civilization, of humanity; and a
fearful reckoning will be theirs who shall wantonly
distuib it.
In this view, Mr. Chairman, I cannot help de-
ploring the principle of hatred towards England,
which seems to have been recently inscribed, by not
a few of our public men, as the first article of their
political erred. There are tho-se with whom a fling
at Great Britain appears to be the principal study of
all tneir oratory, and who seem to regard no argu-
ment complete which does net contain some denun-
ciation of her grasping policy or her spurious phi-
lanthropy. They seem to have adopted, in refer-
ence to Knoland, the maxim which Lord Nelson is
rehited to have ir.c_ilaVed towards Franco, in his
advice to some of the mnlshipmen under lus com-
mand: uThcreare three things (said he) which you
are constantly to bear in mind; first, you must al-
ways implicitly obey orders, without attempting to
form any opinion of your own respecting their pro-
priety; secondly, you must consider every man
your enemy who speaks ill of your King; and,
thirdly, you must hate a Frenchman as you hate the
devil/' Such a maxim might be pardoned, per-
haps, to soldiers and sailors, on the eve of an en-
gagement m mortal combat with their foes: but it is
the last which ought to be entertained by those who
are intrusted with the power and the duty of pacific
legislation.
But then Great Britain is so insolent and so ag-
grr^Av?, that we can't help hating her! She is hem-
ming ns round on every side, the honorable member
from Illinois tells us, and we must make a stand
against her soon, or we shall be absolutely overrun!
Mr. Chairman, this phrase, that Gieat Britain is
hemming us in on every side, has become so great
a favorite of late years in our political dialectics,
that I am disposed to inquire, before it is irrevocably
incorporated into our dictionary of truisms, how far
it is as exact as it is elesanf.
"Great Britain is humming us in on e\eryside,
and already has u.« enclosed m her net-work on our
own continenttins, I think, wan the declaration
of the honorable member from Illinois. How far,
sir, will such a declaration bear the light of histori-
cal truth5 It would seem to imply that the United
States of America was the original civilized nation
established on this continent; that Great Britain had
subsequently made settlements m our neighborhood;
and that she had systematically proceeded to enviion
us on all sides with her colonial possessions and
military posts. This is certainly a new reading of
American history. I have some how or other ob-
tained an impression from the school:; that Great
Britain once possessed olmo?t the whole of this con-
tinent, or, at any rate, a very much larger part of it
than she now enjoys. T have an indistinct idea that
there was a day when she held dominion over al-
most the territories m which we now rcjoice. I
have some dreamy recollection of having read or
heard about stamp acts, and tea taxes, and Boston
port bills; about Bunker Iiills, and Saratogas, and
Yorktowns; about revolutions, and declarations, and
treaties of independence. And it is still my belief,
Mr. Chairman, which fire will not burn out of me,
that, by some means or other, Great Biitam has
been deprived, within the last seventy years, of by
far her most valuable colonics on this continent; that
there has been a great deal more of ripping than hem-
ming os to this net-work of hers; that, instead of her
hemming us m, we have thrust her out, and have
left her a comparatively, if not a really, insignificant
power in this western hemisphere!
Sir, Great Britain has not acquired one foot of
soil upon this continent, except in the way of hon-
orable treaty with our own government, since the
day on which we finally ousted her from her old do-
minion within the limits of our own republican
union. Everybody knows that she acquired Can-
ada by the treaty of 1763- We ourselves helped
er to that acquisition. Not a few of the forces 
not a few of the leaders, by which our own inde-
pendence was achieved, were trained up, as by a
providential preparation, for, the noble duty which
awaited them in the war uliich resulted in the ces-
sion of Canada to Great Britain. Certainly, then,
we have no cause of quarrel with Great Britain
that Canada is hers. But, then, she has dared
to think about Texas; she has cast some
very suspicious glances at Cuba, and there is great
reason to apprehend that her heart is at this moment
upon California! True, she has formally denied to
our own government that she has any desire to see
Texas other than an independent nation. True,
she once conquered Cuba, and gave it back again to
Spain by the treaty of 1763. True, she has given
no outward and visible sign of any passionate yearn-
ing for the further dismemberment of Mexico. But
who trusts to diplomatic assurances? Who confides
in innoccnt appearances? Diplomatic assurances!
Has not the chairman of our own Committee of
Foreign Affairs warned us that, uhke the oaths
which formerly accompanied treaties, they have
been the cheap contrivance of premeditated hostile
action?" Has he not war"d us especially against
the diplomatic assurance of Great Britain in regard
to Texas, as "the ordinary harbinger of whatever
it most solemnly denies?"
Such a course of argument as this, Mr. Chairman,
is certainly in one respect entirely conclusive. There
is, obviously, no mode of replying to it. Once as-
sume the position that neither the words nor the
deeds of Great Britain are to be taken in evidence
of her designs, but that her assurances are all hol-
low, and her acts all hypocritical, and there is no
measure of aggression and outrage which you may
not justly apprehend from her. I do not believe,
however, that any considerable part of this House,
or of this country, will acquiesce in the propriety of
proceeding upon premises which involve imputa-
tions so gross and so gratuitous. And once again I
ask, where is the proof of these alarming and ag-
gressive purposes of Great Britain, so far as our
own continent is concerned? Where is the evidence
that she is inclosing us in a fatal net-work, and hem-
ming us in on every side5 Nay, sir, I boldly put
the question to the consciences of all who hear me
—of which of the two countries, Great Britain or
the United States, will impartial history record that
it manifested a spirit of impatient and insatiate self-
aggrandizement on this North American continent?
How does the record stand, as already made up? If
Great Britain has been thinking of Texas, we have
acquired Louisiana; if Great has been looking after
Cuba, we have established ourselves in Florida; if
Great Britain has set her heait on California, we
have put our hand upon Texas. Reproach Great
Britain, if you please, with the policy she has pur-
sued in extending her dominions elsewhere. Rep-
robate, if you please, her course of aggression upon
the East Indian tribes; and do not forget to include
your own Indian policy in the same commination. But
let us hear no more of her encroaching spirit in this
quarter. It is upon ourselves, and not upon her,
that such a spirit may be fairly charged. I say to
the gentleman from Illinois, as one of the peculiar
friends of re-annexmg Texas, and re-occupying the
whole of Oregon, mutalo nomine, de te fabula nar-
i a'ur.
Indeed, Mr. Chairman, the story has been told of
us already. We have been anticipated in all these
imputations of an unscrupulous spirit of aggradize-
ment. X have here a speech of Mr. Huskisson's—
a name held in peculiar reverence by the friends of
free trade in this House, and entitled to the respect-
ful regard of us all, both for the intellectual ability
and the moral excellence with which it was long as-
sociated—delivered m the British House of Commons
in 1830, on the political and commercial relations of
Gieat Britain and Mexico. The speech is full of
interesting and curious matter, and I doubt not that
I shall be indulged in reading some passages from it
to the House:
"But, sir, if there are great political interests which should
induce us endeavor to maintain to Spam her present sove-
reignty and possession of Cuba and Porto Rico, there are
othei political considerations which make it not less im-
portant— ii possible, still more important—that Mexico
should settl? into a state of infernal peace and tranquillity,
and of entire and secure independence. If the United States
have declared that they cannot allow the island of Cuba to
belong to any maritime power in Europe, Spam excepted,
neither can England, as the first of those maritime powers—
1 say it fearlessly, because I feel it strongly—sutler the
United States to bring under their dominion a greater por-
tion of the shores of the Gulf ot Mexico than that which
they now possess."
This, Mr. Chairman, be it remembered, was a
public declaration on the floor of theHouse of Com-
mons, in the year J83Q, by one of the most leading
and influential British statesman of that day. Anu
I cannot help remarking, before I read on, tnat it ap-
pears to have produced not the slightest sensation
on this side of the water. General Jackson was
then President of the United States. Mr. Van
Buren was then Secretary of State, and was draft-
ing, in that capacity, those memorable instructions,
which afterwards cost him his recall from London;
instructions by which the attention of the British
government was invited to the peculiar relations of
amity existing, not between Great Britain and the
United States, but between Great Britain and the
democratic administration which had just succeeded
to power. This peculiar friendship of Gen. Jack-
son and his friends towards Great Britain was in
no degree disturbed, it seems, by the distinct declar-
ation that we should not be suffered to annex Texas.
There was no outcry against British interference,
or British aggression. There wa3 no clamor about
her designs to effect the abolition of southern sla«
very. No, sir, the abolition movements of Great
Britain had then not been commenced in her own
colonies. And a most notable circumstance it is, that
the disposition of Great Britain to prevent the annex-
ation of Texas to this country should have been so
clearly manifested, before she had made the slight-
est demonstration of an anti-slavery spirit. It puts
an utterly extinguishing negative upon the charge
that her opposition is the mere result of her designs
upon American slavery. But let me proceed with
the speech of Mr. Huskisson:
' Within the last twenty-seven years they hare "become
masters of all the shores of that gulf, from the point of Flor-
ida to the river Sabine, including the mouths of the Missis-
sippi, and of other great rivers, the port of New Orleans,
and the valuable and secure harbors ol Florida; and, within
these few days, we hear of their intention of forming a naval
station and aisenal at the islands of the Dry Tortueas, a
commanding position in the Gulf stream, between Morida
and Cuba With all this extent of coast and islands, we
know, further, that designs are entertained, and daily acted
upon—1 will not say by the present government of the
United States, but, notoriously, by the people—to get pos-
session of the fertile and extensive Mexican province of
Texas. To borrow an expression of a deceased statesman
of that country, 'the whole people of America'have their
eye' upon that province. They look to all the country be-
tween the river Sabine and the river Bravo del Norte, as a
territory that must, ere long, belong to their Union. They
have also, I believe, that same eye upon some of the western
coast of Mexico, possessing valuable ports m the Gulf of
California Should they obtain these districts, the indepen-
dence of Mexico, I will venture to say, will be no better, or
more secure, than that of the Creek Indians, or any other
Indian tribe now living within the circle of the present rec-
ognised limits of the United States; and the Gulf of Mexico
\\ ill become as much a part of their waters as the Black Sea
was once of the waters of Turkey, or as the channel which
separates Kngland from Ireland may be considered as part
of the waters of the United Kingdom.
"I may be told, sir, that these are visionary alarms, con-
templating schemes of aggrandizement and ambition which
never have been, and probably never will be, entertained in
any quarter At this moment, I willingly admit that there
exists a Jrievdhj disposition in the government of the United
States, and I cannot doubt that his Majesty's government
fully reciprocatcs that disposition. Upon every account, I
am glad to see these two powerful States living upon terms
of honorable and mutual confidence, each relying upon the
peaceful councils of the other. But it is not to be imputed
to me that 1 am undervaluing this good understanding, or
that I am guilty of want of respect to the United States, or
even of discretion as an individual member of Parliament,
if, on this occasion, I do not lose sight of those circum-
stance* of a permanent nature which belong to the fixed
policy of the United States, and to those motives of action
which, however dormant at present, would probably be re-
vived, under contingencies that, in the course of events,
may herealter arise—contingencies, which the views and
passions of the American people would not fail to turn to
account for the attainment of along-cherished and favorite
object.
"At all periods of our history the House of Commons has
held topies of tins nature to be fairground of parliamentary
consideration Jealousy, for instance, of the aggrandize-
ment of the house of .Bourbon, has always been held an
element entitled to enter into every general discussion
affecting the balance ol power in Europe, and I am &ure
there is nothing in the general character of democratic
republics, or in the past conduct of the United States,from
which we can infer that their aspirations alter power and
aggrandizement are less steadily kept in view than those of
an absolute monarch in Europe. In looking to the future,
let us consult the experience of the past. But, in the case
of the New World, we have something more than the his-
tory of the last thirty years to guide our judgment. The
views and sentiments of those who, during that period,
have directed or influenced the affairs of the United States,
have been brought before us by the publication of their cor-
respondence. 1 am afraid the living statesmen of this coun-
try have scarcely had timeto make themselves acquainted
with those views and sentiments, as they stand disclosed
in the memoirs and correspondence of a deceased states-
man of America; I mean the late Mr. Jefferson, a man who',
from the period of their first declaration of independence—a
declaration ol which he was the author—to the close of his
life, seems to have possessed the greatest ascendency in
the councils of his country, and whose principle^
