•294
APPENDIX TO Tit B CONGRESSIONAL GLO^E.
Feb. 1845.
28th Cons 2d Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Winthrop.
H. of Reps.
and views appear to become every day more predominant
in the public feeling® of his countrymen.
"In respect to the Gulf of Mexico, and the immense inter-
ests, commercial, colonial, and maritime, which are closely
connected with the navigation of that Gulf, these memoirs
are full of instruction'-! might say of admonition—well
deserving the most serious attention of the people of this
eountry. I will not trouble this House with any longer ex-
tracts from them; but X cannot deny myself the opportuni-
ty of pointing their attention to a few passages, which
show how soon the United States, after they became a sep-
arate nation, fixed their eye upon the Gulf of Mexico, and
how steadily and successfully they have watched and
seized every opportunity to acquire dominion and- ascen-
dency in that part of the world. Within seven 3 ears after
the time when their independence had been established,
and finally recognised in 1783, we find them setting
up a claim of positive right to the free navigation of
the Mississippi, from its source to the Gulf of Mexico;
and it is not a little curious to see what was the op-
portunity they took of asserting this right against
Spain, a power which had materially assisted them in
obtaining their independence. In the year 1790, it will
be recollected that a dispute had arisen between Eng-
land and Spain respecting Nootka Sound Whilst these two
countries were arming, and everything appeared to threaten
war between them, the United States thought they saw, in
the embarrassments of Spain, an opening to claim this navi-
gation as a right. Whether such a claim could or could not
be sustained by any principle of the law of nations, is a
question which I will net stop to examine. The afhrmati>e
was at once boldly assumed by America. and her demand
proceeded upon that assumption. The right once so affirm-
ed, what does the House think was the corollary which the
government of the United States built upon tlieir assertion
of that supposed right? 1 will give it in the words of Mr.
Jefferson himself, not a private individual, but the Secreta-
ry of State, conveying the instructions of his government
to Mr. Carmichael, then the American envoy at Madrid:
'Fou know (writes Mr. Jefferson) that the navigation can-
not be practised without a port where the-sea and river ves-
sels may meet and exchange lojis, and where those em-
ployed about them may be safe and unmolested. The light
to use a thing comprehends a right to the means necessary
to its use, ana without which it would be useless.5 I know
not what the expounders of the law of notions in the Old
World will have to say to this novel and startling doctrine
lu this instruction, which is dated the id of August, 1730, the
principle is only laid down in the abstract.
"1 will now show the House the special application of it
to the claim in question, by quoting another letter from Mr.
Jefferson to Mr. Short, the American envoy at Paris, dated
ooly eight days after the former, namely, the 10th of Au-
gust. It is as follows:
" 'The idea of ceding the island of New Orleans could not
be hazarded to Spain in the first step. It would be too disa-
greeable at first view, because this island, with its town,
constitutes at present their principal settlement in that part
of* their dominions, (Louisiana,) containing about three
thousand white inhabitants, of every age and sex. Reason
and events, however, may by little and little tamiliari2e
them to it. That we have a right to some spot as an entrepot
for our commerce, may be at once affirmed. 1 suppose this
idea (the cession of New Orleans) too much even for the
Count de Mont Morin at first, and that, therefore, you will
find it prudent to urge, and get him to recommend to the
Spanish court, only in general terms, a port near the mouth
of the river, with a circumjacent territory sufficient for its
support, well defined, and extra-territorial to Spain, leaving
the idea to future growth !'
"Contrary to the expectation of the United States when
those instructions were given, Great Britain and Spain set-
tled their differences without an appeal to arms; and, in
consequence, these practical applications of the law of na-
tions were no longer pressed by the United States. Soon
after, Spain became involved in war with France, and that
war terminated in her being compelled to cede Louisiana to
the latter power In 1803 that whole provinre wa? sold by
France to the United States. By this purchase they acquir-
ed not only New Orleans, but a very extensive territory
within the Gulf of Mexico. I next go to the j ear 1SC6. Mr
Jefferson was ithen no longer Secretary ol State; he had
been raised to the more important post of President of the
United States. In that character we find him wilting to
Mr. Monroe, then the American minister in London, in the
following terms: 'We begin to broach the idea that we con-
sider the whole Gulf Stream as of our own waters, m which
hostilities and ciuismg are to he frowned on lor the present,
and prohibited so soon as either consent or force will peimit
us.' The letter, from which this is an extract, is dated the
4th of May, 1806.
"If the United States 'broached' this idea, in IS08, they are
not likely to have abandoned it m 1^19. when, in addition to
I,ouisiana, they procured, by treaty with Spain, the further
impoitant ccssion of the Florida". That it is a glowing
rather than a waning principle of their policy, I think we
may infer from a later letter which we find in this corres-
pondence-, not written, indeed, by Mr. Jeft'eison in any pub-
lic character, but addressed by him, as a person exercising
from his retirement the greatest sway in the councils of the
Union, to the President. This letter, dated so lately as the
JJ5th of October, 1623, discuss.es the interests of the United
States in respect .to Cuba and the Gulf Mexico, and these
are the statements which it avows: 'I candidly confess that
I have ever looked on Cuba as the mos>t interesting addi-
tion which could ever be made to our pystem of States. The
control which, with Florida Point, this island would give us
over the Gulf ol Mexico, and the countries and isthmus bor-
dering on it, as well as all those whose waters flow into it,
■would fill up the measure of our political well-being. Yet
i am sensible tfcat this can never be obtained, evon with her
own consent, but by war."'
These extracts from the speech of Mr. Huskis-
son, in 1830, Mr. Chairman, are at once amusing
and edifying. I think no one can help smiling at
the ingenious devices of Mr. Jefferson, which they
tocJose/for extending our dominion over sea and
land. They prove, too, most abundantly, (and it
was for this purpose that 1 have introduced them,)
that all the charges against Great Britain, which we
are now making as to her designs upon Texas, up-
on California, and upon Cuba, are but the flattest
repemfon of those which Great Britain long ago ar-
rayed against us. They prove still further, as I
have already intimated, that the jealousy of Great
Britain, as to the extension of our dominion over
the Gulf of Mexico, was long antecedent to any
movement on her part on the subject of slavery;
and utterly demolish the position that her desire to
maintain the independence of Texas is the mere re-
sult of spurious philanthropy and abolition fanati-
cism. But I leave them to speak for themselves,
and turn to considerations more immediately con-
nected with the question before us.
The honorable member from Illinois [Mr. Doug-
lass] seemed greatly excited yesterday at a remark
which fell from my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
E. J. Morris,] in reference to the ultimate destiny
of the Oregon Territory, and to the likelihood of its
becoming the site of an independent nation, instead
of remaining as a perrcfcent member of our own
confederacy. The honorable member chafed him-
self into a state of most towering indignation at the
bare suggestion of such an idea, and denounced it
in the most unsparing terms as an almost treasona-
ble proposition for dissolving the Union. He in-
voked the attention of the whole country to this
first intimation of a design to dismember our repub-
lic, and demanded a prompt exprt ision of rebuke
and condemnation upon all who were privy to so
monstrous and revolting a proposition. Pray, sir,
does the honorable member knovv with whom this
idea originated, or by whom, certainly, it was most
deliberately and emphatically uttered m this Capi-
tol? Let me beg his attention to a passage from the
speech of an honorable senator from Missouri, who,
I hope, has lost nothing of the confidence of his
own party by a course of proceeding in regard to
the annexation of Texas, by which he has gained
the respect of not a few of his political opponents,
and has literally "overcome more than his ene-
mies."
"Mr. Benton proceeded to the next inquiry—the effect
which the occupation of the Columbia would have upon
this Lmon. On this point he could speak foi himself only,
but he would speak without reserve He believed that the
union of these States would not be jeoparded by the occu-
pation of that river, but that it would be the means of plant-
ing the germ of a new and independent power beyond the
Rocky mountains There was a beginrvfcg and a natural
progress in the order of all things. The military post on
the Columbia would be the nucleus of a settlement. Far-
mers, traders, and artisans would collect about it. "When
arrived at some degree of strength and population, the young
society would sicken of a military government and sigh
for the establishment of a civil authority. A territorial gov-
ernment obtained, the full enjoyment of State lights would
next be demanded, and, these acquired, loud clamors would
soon be heard against the hardship of coming so far to the
seat of government. All this w onld be in the regular order
of events, and the consequence should be foreseen and pro-
vided for. This republic should have limits. The present
occasion does not require me to say wheie these limits
should be found on the north and south; but they are fixed
by the hand of nature, and posterity will neither lack sense
to see, nor resolution to step up to them. Westward, we
can speak without reserve, and the ridge of the Rocky
mountains may be named, without offence, as presenting a
convenient, natural, and everlasting boundary. Along the
back of this ridge, the western limit of this republic should
be drawn, and the statue of the fabled god, Tormimis,
should be raided upon its highest peak, never to be thrown
dowM. In planting the seed of a new power on the coast ot
the Pacific ocean, it should be w ell understood that, when
strong enough to take care of itself, the new government
should sepaiute from the mother empire, as the child sepa-
rates from the parent at the age of manhood. The heights
of the Rocky mountains should divide their possession?,
ar.d the mother republic would find herself indemnified for
her care  and expense about the infant pow er, m the u«e of
a post in the Pacific ocean, the protection of her interests
in that sea, the enjo^ ment of the fur trade; the control of
the Indnns; the exclusion of a monarch) from her border;
the frustration of the hostile schemes of Great .Britain; and,
above all, in the erection of a new republic, composed of
her children, speaking her language, inheriting her princi-
ples. devoted to liberty and equality, and ready to stand by
her side against the combined powers of the Old World."
Such, Mr. Chairman, were the views of Mr. Ben-
ton in 1825. Here is the earliest public expression
of the idea which has so electrified with horror the
honorable member from Illinois, and has drawn
forth the heaviest bolts of his indignation. Truly,
sir,
"Full many a shaft, at random sent,
Hits mark the archer little meant."
His fulminations, it is plain, have passed quite
over the heads of his opponents, and have fallen up-
on one whom he would gladly have spared.
Nor is Mr. Benton the only one of the honorable
member's democratic exemplars whom he hae un-
consciously scathed. A most respectable and intel-
ligent friend of mine (Mr. T. G. Cary, of Boston)
visitea Monticello in 1818. Mr. Jefferson was then
greatly interested in the subject of Western emigra-
tion, and in the reports of Lewis and Clark. In
the course of conversation, he inquired whether,
when Mr. Astor sold out Astoria to tbe British fur
company, he retained a right to property of any
kind there. "Because," said he, "I am anxious to
ascertain that there was some reservation on which
a territorial claim may be made. I am desirous of
seeing a new confederation growing up there."
"You say a new confederation," replied my friend;
"you mean a distinct one, then." "Certainly,'5 said
Mr. Jefferson, "the extent would be altogether too
great for one government."
The same view was expressed by Mr. Jefferson
in a letter to Mr. Astor, which has been referred to
by another highly intelligent and distinguished Bos-
ton merchant, (Hon. William Sturgis,) in a very
able lecture upon the Oregon question, delivered be-
fore the Boston Mercantile Library Association, a
few days since. In that letter, Mr. Jefferson says;
"I considered as a great public acquisition the commence-
ment of a settlement on that point x>i the western coast of
America, and looked forward with gratification to the time
when its descendants should have spread themselves
through the whole length of that coast, covering it with
free and independent Americans, unconnected with us but
by the tics oi blood and interest, and enjoying, like us, the
rights of self-government.''
These are antiquated opinions, I shall be told,
which the young democracy cannot recognise. Rail-
roads and steam-engines have annihilated space, and
have exploded all theories which rested on the acci-
dents of extent and distance. But what, Mr. Chair-
man, becomes of that argument, of which we have
heard so muchfin the late debate upon Texas, about
natural boundaries and "the configuration of the
earth?" It is not a little amusing to observe what
different views are taken as to the indications of
"the hand of nature," and the pointings of "the fin-
ger of God," by the same gentlemen, under differ-
ent circumstances and upon different subjects. In
one quarter of the compass they can descry the hand
of nature in a level desert and a second-rate river,
plainly defining our legitimate boundaries, and
beckoning us impatiently to march up to them.
But when they turn their eyes to another part of
the horizon, the loftiest mountains in the universe are
quite lost upon their gaze. There is no hand of na-
ture there. The configuration of the earth has no
longer any significance. The Rocky mountains
are mere molehills. Our destiny is onward. We
must cover this whole continent; ay, and go beyond
it, if necessary, says the honorable member from
Illinois. And all for the glory of the republic!
"The finger of God" never points in a direction
contrary to the extension of the glory of the repub-
lic! This would seem to be the sum and upshot of
the whole matter. Sir, there is a definition of glory
by the immortal dramatist whom I have already
quoted, which such a course of remark has brought
to my remembrance, and which I cannot forbear
citing:
"Glory is like a circle in the water,
Which never ceaseth to enlarge itself,
'Till by broad spreading it di>-pt'ise to nought v
And this, this will be the glory of that spirit of
aggrandizement which is seen at this moment leap-
ing over the Sabine in one quaiter, and dashing it-
self upon the Rocky mountains in another!
A few remarks in reference to the precise bill be-
fore us, Mr. Chairman, will bring me to a close.
I listened, sir, with great pleasure to the remarks
of the chairman of the committee bv which this
bill was introduced, [Mr. A. V. Brown*,] who
closed the debate last evening. If the whole discus-
sion had been conducted in the same tone and tem-
per m which he addressed the House, and if the
bill had been originally drafted in the shape to
which he has expressed his willingness now to re-
duce it, there would have been little cause for re-
gretting the introduction of the subject. I agree
with him in his two principal positions. I concur
with him, first, m the opinion that it is inexpedient
for us to terminate the convention of joint occupa-
tion until negotiations have been still longer pur-
sued. 1 agree with him, also, that it is perfectly
consistent with the existence of that convention for
us to extend our jurisdiction over our own citizens,
just so far as Great Britain has extended her juris-
diction over her own subjects in the Oregon Terri-
tory; and so far I am willing to go with him.
But I am of opinion that the bill under considera-
tion, even with the amendments which have been
