Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2x> Sess.
APPENDIX ■yp THE dOftGRJ3SSlONAL GLOBE.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. J. P. Kennedy.
SM-
IL of Reps.
proposed, goes far beyond this mark. The section
which provides for the granting of lands to settlers,
with whatever limitations and qualifications it may
he guarded, will be considered as an assumption of
exclusive sovereignty, or as an indirect mode of se-
curing an exclusive advantage. The British gov-
ernment will so construe it. And how will our
Secretary of State be able to gainsay such a con-
struction, when he has already admitted the justice
with which it would be set up, in a speech of his
own in the Senate of the United States within
eighteen months pant, as printed in the Congres-
sional Globe before me? I need not trouble the
committee with citations. Any gentleman can turn
to the speech for himself. But is it not worth while
for the friends of Mr. Calhoun to pause before they
place him in a predicament in which the only alter-
natives will be either to resign his post or to defend
a course of proceeding as secretary which he openly
condemned as a senator?
Even as a measure for the American settlers in
Oregon, without regard to the claims of Great
Britain, this bill is not altogether to my taste. It
provides for the appointment of a governor and
judge, who are to have absolute authority to pio-
mulgate and enforce thioughout the Territory of
Oregon any and all laws which they may see fit to
select from the iJaHites of any State or Territory in
the Union; which laws are to continue in force until
positively disapproved of by Congress—a limitation
which we all know, from our experience in regard
to other territories, is practically inoperative.
This discretionary dominion of these two officers is
to last until there shall be five thousand free white
male American citizens of twenty-one years of age
m Oregon, to authorize the establishment of a legis-
lative body for themselves. This will be no brief
term for such a duaichy. The tide of emigration is
now setting towards California, and not towards
Oregon. There has been a great deal of delusion as
to the prospect of an early colonization of Oregon.
It is now pretty well understood that there are as
good lands on this side of the Rocky mountainsas on
the other, so far at least as the country north of the
42d degree of latitude is concerned. The day is
still distant when there will be five thousand free
white male American citizens in Oregon. I am told
that there are not two thousand there now. And I
do not believe that these American citizens will
thank you foi breaking up the little temporary or-
ganization upon which they have agreed among
themselves, in order to make way for so arbitrary a
system as is provided for them by this bill.
One limitation upon the discretion of those two
irresponsible lawgivers ought certainly to be im-
posed, if the bill is to pass. As it now stands, there
is nothing to prevent them from legalizing the exist-
ence of domestic slavery in Oregon. It seems to
be understood that this institution is to be limited
by the terms of the Missouri compromise, and is
nowheie to be permitted m the American Union
above the latitude of 36 degrees 30 minutes. There
is nothing, however, to enforce this understanding
in the present case. The published documents
prove that Indian slavery aheady exists in Oregon.
1 intend, theiefore, to move, whenever it is in order
to do so, the insertion of an express declaration that
"there shall neither be slavery, nor unvoluntary ser-
vitude in this territory, except for crime, whereof
the party shall have been duly convicted.'"1
But 1 am m hopes, Mr. Chairman, that the bill
will not become a law at the present session, in any
shape. Every thing conspires, in my judgment, to
call for the postponement of any such measure to a
future day. We ought not to contemplate the pos-
sibility ofa question like this being settled otherwise
than by peaceful negotiations. We ought to give
ample time for these negotiations, and do nothing
which can interrupt or embarrass them. We .have
nothing to regret in our past negotiations with Sfreat
Britain; we have nothing to fear from those in
which we are now engaged. Reproaches as to the
former, and menaces as to the latter, are alike but
the ebullitions of party heat or personal hate, and
will perish with tiie breath in which they are utter-
ed. Mr. Webster has dared to preserve the peace
of the country by abating something of our extreme
territorial claims on the northeast, and he has earned
the gratitude of all good citizens by doing so. I
trust Mr. Calhoun will notbe frightened out of that
kindred spirit of conciliation and concession, which
he has already manifested on this subject in the Sen-
+This amendment was subsequently offered bv Mr. "VY'in-
tskop, and adopted by a vote oi 131 to by.
ate, by the bluster and braggadocia of this debate.
We have twice offered to compromise with Great
Britain.on the 49th parallel of latitude, and such a
compromise would be the very best result that we
have a right to anticipate now. And even if some
slight deviations from this line should be found ne-
cessary for effecting a peaceful settlement of the
question, the sober judgment of the nation would
not hesitate to approve the concession.
But, Mr. Chairman, if gentlemen will insist on
contemplating the necessity of aresort to arms upon
this question—if they have come to the conclusion
that, inasmuch as the 49th parallel has been twice
offered and twice refused, there is a point of honor
between the two nations which can only be settled
by a fight—if they are converts to the syllogism of
the honorable member from Illinois, that no Eng-
lish minister dares to accept the 49th parallel, and
no American Secretary dares to offer more, ergo,
they both dare to involve the world in war—
still, still, I say, postpone the present proceed-
ing. We enter to-day upon the last month of an
expiring administration. A new President is about
to enter upon the four yea*' term to which the peo-
ple have elected him. A new Congress will soon
be in existence to act upon his recommendations.
Upon this new administration has been solemnly de-
volven the responsibility of conducting both the do-
mestic and foreign affairs of the nation during its
next Olympiad. Let us leave that responsibility
undisturbed. Let us not employ the last moments
of our power in creating difficulties which others
must encounter, and exciting storms which others
must breast. Rather let us do what we may to se-
cure for those upon whose shoulders the government
has fallen a serene sky and a calm sea at the outset
of their voyage, that they may take their observa-
tions and shape their course deliberately; and let all
our good wishes go with them, (as my own certain-
ly will,) that they may complete their career with-
out striking either on domestic discord or foreign
war! If they fail in doing so, let the responsibility
be wholly their own.
SPEECH OF MR. J. P. KENNEDY,
OF MARYLAND,
In House of Representatives, January 11, 1845—•
On the question of the annexation of Texas.
The House being in Committee of the Whole,
and having under consideration the resolutions for
annexing Texas to the United States—
Mr. KENNEDY spoke as follows:
Mr. Chairman; I am opposed to toe amendments
under consideration, to each of the propositions
which have been presented as substitutes for the
original resolutions, and to the original resolutions
themselves; in short, I am opposed to the annexa-
tion of Texas in any mode by which it may be ac-
complished. The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Dean,] who spoke at the last sitting of the commit-
tee, has undesignedly paid a high compliment to the
wings, when he said that the country always knew
where to find them on every question. It is true,
sir; they may always be found, where the forefathers
of this republic were found, on the ride of enlighten-
ed liberty and union; especially, sir, may they be
found associated on the broad platform established
by Madison and his republican fellow-laborers,
maintaining to-d^y the same principles which they
established under his guidance. They do not boast
the glories of progressive democracy, whose peculiar
characteristic it seems to be to abandon, in rapid vicis-
situde, every doctrine and measure it asserts. Neith-
er the gentleman from Ohio nor his allies in this de-
bate have been so fortunate in defining their own
position upon this question of annexation, or, in-
deed, upon any other which has been before the na-
tion.
The present session of Congress, it was prophe-
sied, after the presidential election was determined,
would be one of portentous interest in reference to
the question of annexation. The press in many
sections of the country has endeavored to inculcate
the opinion that Congress would have no other du-
ty now to perform than to register the edict of the
people on this measure. It has insinuated that the
day of argument was gone by, and that the day of
judgment had come: that there was, therefore, no
need of wasting time in debate; some have even said
it might be settled in half an hour.
Since we have come here, sir, it seems to be not
quite so clear that the case was predetermined by
the election. An opinion has evidently gained ,
ground that something is expected in the way of
reasons to satisfy the yet unsatisfied public mind.
Gentlemen have been warmly disputing on both
sides as to what really were the issues of 1844, and
some very edifying contrariety of testimony has
been exhibited on that point, as all will acknowledge
who heard the recent debates on the railroad-iron
bill and the sub-treasury. We have a voice from
Pennsylvania on this subject in' Governor Porter's
message, and another from New York in the mes-
sage of Governor Wright. The Pennsylvania
chief magistrate has assured us that the vote of that
State could not have been obtained for Mr. Polk
but upon the conviction that he was the friend of
the tariff of 1842. Governor Wright's message was-
looked for with some anxiety. The peculiar posi-
tion of that gentleman, with reference both to the
tariff and Texas, gives great significance to his
opinions on these points. He tells us that the con-
test has been decided on issues "universally recog-
nised;" that "thepublic lives and the known and
acknowledged principles of the leading candidates of
the respective parties defined the grounds u^on
which the battle was fought;" that "those candi-
dates were supported upon the principles and opin-
ions which, as statesmen, they had avowed and
practised." After such a declaration, we may be-
lieve that the message would be perused with the
deepest interest, to learn something of his interpre-
tation of the Texas issue. He owed it to the peo-
ple of New York and to the country to be explicit
on that point. But what do we find? One short
paragraph, shrouded in more than Delphic mys-
tery:
"I firmly believe that a calm and statesmanlike course in
the management of our lelations "with other powers, based
upon broad national principles, and governed by the rule
'to ask nothing which is not clearly right and to submit to
nothing that is wrong,1 will continue us in peace; or, if it
lead to war, it will be such a war as every patriotio heart
in the country will sustain and approve."
We have had bold messages from the land of ab-
stractions; this is a message from the headquarters
of non-committalism. The governor has studied in
the school of a worthy old judge, of by-gone days,
in my own State—a gentleman much more distin-
guished for his goodness of heart than for the depth
of his law knowledge. He had sat for many years,
an associate upon the bench, without ever having
occasion to express an opinion. It once happened,
however, that he held court alone, when a trial came
on which enabled the counsel to amuse themselves
at his expense. They raised various intricate ques-
tions of law, and prayed his instruction to the jury.
After arguing their points on both sides for a long
time, they called on the judge for his opinion. "1
give it very cheerfully," said he. "This is a case
of vast importance; the questions have been very
distinctly stated; they have been argued with great
ability. The counsel have laid down the law on
both sides with great precision. My direction to
you, gentlemen of the jury, is, that you find your
verdict accordingly." Something in this manner
have we been edified, not only by the governor of
the Empire State, but also by many on this floor,
upon that vexed question, what were the demo-
cratic issues of the contest of 1844? From all that I
can gather on this point, one thing I am sure has
been decided: that Mr. Polk has been elected Presi-
dent of the United States. Nothing else, as far as I
can see, has been settled. The democracy has a
charter, free as the wind, to continue its old privilege
of alternately adopting and disowning, as often as it
may suit its purpose, every doctrine of government
and every measure of policy which the occasions of
the moment may suggest.
This question of annexation comes very preremp-
torily upon us at the present session, not without
much announcement. A letter from this city, dated
29th of December, appeared in the Richmond En-
quirer. It was written by one in the secret of the
griefs which disturbed the democratic sanhedrim. It
told the story of the conclave held to reconcile differ-
ences: even gave the names of those to whom the
healing of dissension was committed; prophesied fu-
ture harmony; and then assured the public that, after
New Year's, we should hear thunder—"democratic
thunder, which would make every British advocate
tremble, from Sir Robert Peel down to Mr. Win-
throp." Sir, I am something of an amateur of con-
vulsions, both in the physical and moral world, and
received this announcement with something of a
pleasant anticipation. I longed to hear the demo-
cratic thunder by which the Jupiter Tonans
of the Committee of Foreign Relations, and hia
auxiliaries, were to throw this -whole henv>
