2s8
appendix t6 tMe congressional Globe.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong..;..2d Sess.
■Annexation of Texas—Mr. J. P. Kennedy.
H. of Reps.-
territory may ba acquired by this government—
whether by conquest, discovery, or treaty—the de-
sign of the constitution was (supposing the power
to acquire be granted at all) to leave it to be done
through the executive, not the legislature.
Gentlemen greatly mistake the authority conferred
upon Congress by the 3d section of the 4th article,
which empowers Congress "to admit new States"
into the Union. This is simply a power of organi-
zation and inspection. It has nothing to do with
the power to obtain the territory upon which a State
is to be erected. Neither has it any thing to do
with the question whether the founders of the gov-
ernment designed to make States from foreign or do-
mestic territory. These questions are presented
only in the clauses I have already discussed. I have
shDwn that, if territory could be acquired at all, it
could only be in the modes I have pointed out. Ob-
viously it was never intended that treaties or com-
pacts should be made with foreign governments
without the consent of two-thirds of the States, any
more than it was that amendments of the constitu-
tion should be valid until ratified by three-fourths.
In defining the duties and powers of Congress,
this clause, in regard to new States, was indispensa-
ble, and perhaps in the very words employed. Con-
gress should admit them—no other power should
do it. A treaty, therefore, could not. A treaty could
procure land—Congress alone could make one or
more States out of it.
The government had territory—probably contem-
plated the acquisition of more. It was essential in
either case, as well in regard to the territory it had,
as what it might in future acquire, that some power
should be given to admit new States. In the con-
vention some members wished to raise the point,
should new States be confined to the territory then
in possession? There was a debate; and it was
thought best to leave the power as it is—saying
nothing about the territory; that being a question
belonging to another department of government, as
I have stated.
I think it, therefore, very evident, whatever
doubts may exist as to the faculty to acquire ter-
ritory, there is no doubt that Congress has not that
power.
What confusion would ensue if Congress had it'
The executive and treaty-making power act on a
subject of acquisition. They refuse to agree to the
compact. Congress goes to the same enterprise,
and ordains it to be done. Which is the law of th?
land? Both? A treaty is the supreme law v, hen it
is made. A treaty rejected, by this process, be-
comes also the supreme law. How can that b",
consistently with any just idea of proportion and
symmetry in the constitution? When a treaty is
made, the constitution declares it to be the supreme
law of the land—that such treaty shall stand, be ob-
served, and fulfilled. When, therefore, a treaty is
rejected, is it not equally the supreme law that such
treaty shall not stand, be observed and fulfilled?
What other power, after the treaty-making power
has decided, shall contravene and nullify that decis-
ion? If the executive and Senate can reject and the
legislature can establish one and the same thing, at
one and the same time time, what but mischief can
come of it? If the legislature can make a treaty
when the Senate has rejected it, why may not the
legislature, in turn, repeal and annul a treaty when
the Senate has made it' The powers must bo coin-
cident and coequal in both cases. No, sir, our an-
cestors are chargeable with no such folly.
Suppose one of the States were to pass an act for
annexing Texas—as has been sometimes recom-
mended : how would the case stand? The consti-
tution says: "No State shall enter into any treaty,
alliance, or confederation." Would not the whole
country cry out, here is a transcending of authori-
ty? here is a treaty, alliance, or confederation made
by a State witli Texas; and the act is therefore void
under the constitution? Why void? Because the
constitution docs not allow a State to make a treaty
with a foreign nation. It does not forbid a State
from passing a law to acquire territory, but it for-
bids foreign compacts. Why? Because that sub-
ject is provided for in the clause which gives the ex-
clusive power of making treaties to the President
and Senate, and it was not deemed expedient to con-
fer such a power on any other tody.
My conclusion from this view is, that the power
of acquiring territory, and the power of admitting
new States, are separate and distinct powers, pro-
vided for, if at all, in totally distinct parts of the
constitution, and committed to different departments
the government. That this is the true interpre-
tation of the constitution, is shown in other portions
of that instrument. The organization of the gener-
al government is wholly incompatible with the pur-
pose of annexing a foreign nation to it, in the char-
acter of a State. That State must have a capacity
at once to be represented in our Congress. Other-
wise the authors of the constitution must have de-
signed to present the anomaly of a State of this
Union bound to obey all our laws,-yet having no
voice in the making of them. That cannot be sup-
posed. Nevertheless, the constitution requires of
every member of the House of Representatives
that he shall have been seven years a citizen of the
United States, and of every senator to have been
nine years a citizen. It is manifest that these condi-
tions cannot exist amongst the inhabitants of a for-
eign State. Every citizen of Texas is at this mo-
ment a foreigner to the United States, even although
he may have recently emigrated from this country.
We avow the right of expatriation. Our citizens
lose their citizenship when they change their alle-
giance. This is one of our cardinal principles.
Now, it is true that an act of Congress may convert
the inhabitants of Texas into citizens of the United
States: but it cannot make them citizens of seven
and nine years' standing. In contemplation of law,
there can be no persons in Texas having these qual-
ifications. They would be placed under a necessity
to borrow senators and representatives from the
Union. Will gentlemen here contend that this case
was contemplated by the authors of the constitution,
and was left unprovided for? Surely no member
will risk his reputation upon such an argument.
The deduction from this is, that Congress can-
not make a new State from a foreign nation without
first acquiring the territory of the foreign nation,
and holding it long enough for its citizens to become
endowed with the requisites to make them a State—
that is to say, with qualifications essential to give
them a representation in Congress. This shows
conclusively, if other arguments were wanting, that
the two powers of acquiring territory and of ad-
mitting a State are separate and distinct. And, be-
ing once separated, I ask how is the power to ac-
quire territory dependent upon or implied in the
power to admit the State? It is only pretended to
be the necessary incident of admitting the State; but
as the power of acquisition is shown to be necessary
some nine years in advance of the admission, it sep-
arates the incident too widely from its principal to
allow the inference.
The State of Louisiana was admitted into the
Union in 1812. The territory was acquired in
1803. The interval was nine years, the period es-
sential to qualify her senators. The territorial is
a necessary probationary state, and it must last at
least nine years. Non-um premolar in annum is
Horace's rule for the preparation of a poem before
it is permitted to see the light. That, sir, is no less
our constitutional rule for the incorporation of a
State into the Union when it is carved out of a for-
eign territory. To my mind, the argument is al-
together conclusivc and irresistible.
So far, Mr. Chairman, I have drawn the attention
of the committee to the question of the acquisition
of territory. I have freely admitted that there is a
power in this government to acquire territory, when
it is exercised through the proper organ. I have
demonstrated that it does not exist in Congress.
The next question to which I wish to invite the
committee is one of much greater import. Is there
any power in this government to incorporate into its
own body a foreign government? This is a very
different question from that of acquisition. Sir, I
deny that any such power was ever given or contem-
plated. It is revolution whenever it is exercised—
revolution in both governments. When wc ac uire
terri ory by treaty, a real treaty is essential to
it. There must be parties to make the com-
pact; they must be acting in the sphere
of the authority conferred upon them by their
respective governments to make the compact;
they must exist as bodies responsible for
the fulfilment of the compact. There are necessary
conditions to a treaty. If the parties, according to
the organic law of their own governments, have no
power to make the treaty, or if either of them do
not subsist after it is made in a condition to be re-
sponsible for its fulfilment, it is no treaty. Let us
not be deceived by terms. When we talk of annex-
ation of Texas to the United States, we talk equal-
ly of the annexation of the United States to Texas.
Both are sovereign rations. The object is to incor-
porate them into one nation. How is it to be done?
By uniting them under such laws as are adapted to
both. Texas contributes her sovereignty to the
common mass of the sovereignty of the United
States. The United States, also, in the same de-
gree, contribute their sovereignty to the common
mass of sovereignty which is formed by the union
ofboth. In this matter of sovereignty extent of ter-
ritory has nothing to with the .question.. It is a
mere accident that the United States are larger than
Texas. The principle would be the same if Texas
comprehended all South America. It is an error,
therefore, which deceives the public mind on this
subject, to speak of the proposition as one to annex
Texas to this Union, or to incorporate Texas with
it. The term is equally appropriate to call it a prop-
osition to annex the United States to Texas, or to
incoporate them with that nation. It is but another
accident in the case that our organization will enable
us to make this incorporation without any immedi-
ate change in our fundamental laws. Texas might
be in the same predicament; and whether these con-
solidated sovereignties were to hold their seat of gov-
ernment at Washington in Texas, or Washington
in the District of Columbia, or at some intermediate
place more convenient than either, is an incident of
no significance in the question. The point to be
determined is, Can two independent sovereignties
merge their previous separate existence into one
combined sovereignty without a revolution in the
government of each? Certainly, sir, after Texas is an-
nexed, her,independent sovereignty jsgone. Where is
it gone? Into t}ie new combination with our sovereign-
ty. Is not our condition the same as hers in this rela-
tion? If it is not, where is the difference? And if it is,
is not our separate sovereignty merged also in the
combination? Now, I ask, first, where is the power
in this government to make this new combination of
sovereignties? and, second, where is the power in
the government of Texas to make it'
Sir, I wish to be understood, I admit that the
people of these two nations can incorporate them-
selves into one nation whenever they may see fit to
do so. They may come into general convention, or
congress, as did the united colonies in 1776, and
make a joint nation. But I deny that either of
these nations can do this under their existing con-
stitutions. Especially do I deny that the President
and Senate of the United States, or the present func-
tionaries of this government,—executive, legislative,
and judicial, all combined—can do it; or that all or
any of the existing functionaries of Texas can do it,
on their side. Both here and there, the present
functionaries were chosen to administer the govern-
ment which exists; to preserve and protect it, and
see that it performs its allotted duty. They were
never chosen to alter it, to surrender it, to merge it
in any other government, to abate from or add to one
cubit in its stature. That can only be done by the
people themselves, in the same manner in which
they can suspend or supersede this government or
establish another. This is revolution: peaceful and
orderly it may be, but still it is revolution. We of
the United States do not give the proper weight to
this consideration, only because we are so much the
larger power, and because we see in the process but
little necessity for change of our fundamental laws.
It therefore escapes the public notice, as a subject
involving the momentous principle I have stated.
We look upon it as a mere accession of territory,
which we can soon settle, as we have settled other
territory. But how is it with Texas? There it is
a most visible surrender of that government, with
all its paraphernalia of government. .It is a capit-
ulation. When it is done, no sovereignty—except
such subordinate sovereignty as we allow them,—■
remains. Independence is gone; nationality is gone;
the Texas of San Jacinto is gone; and what was
before an existing nation, has dwindled into a sub-
sidiary province. It is exactly what it would be if
we conquered Texas in war. Can gentlemen pre-
tend that there is any power in the present organ-
ized government of Texas to justify this proceeding?
Sir, if there should be a minority in that country
who dissented from this surrender, and they should
gather force enough svtceesfully to resist it, would
they not have a right to treat those who had given
over their land and their people to a foreign nation
as guilty of treason? Assuredly: just as much as
we should have a right to impeach the President of
the United States for treason, if we found him nego-
tiating with France and England to surrender this
nation to them.
The government of Texas is modelled after ours.
It is subject to the same kind of restraints. Its
purposes are distinctly designated in its constitu-
tion. That instrument does not contain the slight-
