Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO TllE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 2d Sess
Annexation of Texas—Mr. J. P. Kennedy.
H. of Reps.
est word to justify the inference that the existing
authorities might lawfully extinguish the govern-
ment. Now, sir, there are gentlemen in this House
who have argued that, from the structure of our
government, it is altogether unlawful, unconstitu-
tional, to cede away any portion of our territory.
Upon this ground they have attacked the treaty of
1819. Yet these same gentlemen contend that
Texas, an analogous government, of limited and
defined powers, can not only cede away all her ter-
ritory, but even her national existence besides. Sir,
if Texas be blessed, as we are, with strict con-
structionists, and abstraction-mongers, and resolu-
tions-of-ninety-eight men, some of them might find
room for a little nullification in this extinction of na-
tional identity. Here is space for a banquet of ab-
stractions; and, from what we know of the birth-
place of some of the emigrants to Texas, I think
we may say they will have forgotten their old habits
if we do not hear from them on these points. Cer-
tainly there are some grounds furnished us to lead
us to doubt somewhat of the security of the title
we should get: ground enough to predict, that if
the annexation did not produce all the fruits ex-
pected from it, the politicians there will adopt the
expedient of the gentlemen from Kentucky, [Mr.
Tibbatts,] and declare this treaty, or compact, or
proceeding of reannexation, to be null and void,
inasmuch as there was no right to cede away the
State—a procedure, Mr. Chairman, which, in my
opinion, would have an infinitely stronger founda-
tion in law than any argument I have yet heard
against our own treaties. If I understood the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Belser,] a State, as he
interpreted the law of nations, has no right to cede
away any of its citizens to another State but in case
of extreme necessity. If, sir, it should be his for-
tune to emigrate to Texas hereafter, may it not oc-
cur to him that tlfe whole proceeding, on the part
of that nation, was void, because there was no ex-
treme necessity for the cession now contemplated?
Would this not be very likely to occur to the states-
men of Texas hereafter, if, in the administration of
affairs after the annexation, it should be found that
our northern industry and our protective system
had grown unpalatable to the people of the new
province?
I will not enlarge this argument. It suggests
much matter for reflection worthy the attention of
the country. I contend, sir, that neither Texas nor
the United States have power to treat for the extinc-
tion or alteration of either government; that, after
annexation, no parties to the treaty remain who are
responsible for iis fulfilment; and that the whole
proceeding is one of revolution, and not of constitu-
tional function; that it is subversion and new modifi-
cation of the existing government.
I dismiss my remarks upon the constitutional
question with but a few words. My opinion is,
that the power to acquire territory, if it has ever
been doubtful, is settled by well-approved prece-
dents; that it can be only exercised through the
executive, and in no case belongs to the legislature;
that the question of incorporating foreign govern-
ments into this Union finds no warrant whatever for
such a power in the constitution; that such a light
is, in its nature, primordial, beyond the constitution,
and revolutionary; that it consequently resides only
with the people, and depends upon universal con-
sent. Whenever, therefore, we shall attempt to in*
corporate another nation with this, we should ask
the consent of all the States. If, upon such proceed-
ing, any State should dissent, we must regard it as
her right to do so, without finding in itroom to quar-
rel with her, to charge her with treason, with nulli-
fication, or any other State crime. It is her privilege
to come into or to remain out of the new contedera-
cy; for new confederacy and new nation it would be,
requiring new organization and new compacts. The
old Unmn from that moment is dissolved, and the
new Union substituted upon the same grounds of
assent and adoption which were apparent in the
proceedings of 1787, 1788, and 1789. The friends of
our beloved and glorious old thirteen, and of their
legitimate progeny, will forever rally around the
Union of their forefathers. Some of them may not
feel the same attachment to the new Unions which,
in this new era of conquest and encroachment, are
likely, in the tide of time, to be engendered. Who
will blame them if their attachment be less?
One of the plans by which we are recommended
to annex Texas, and which is now printed aad of-
fered as an amendment to the joint resolution report-
ed by the ComnuLtee on Foreign Affairs, comes
from the honorable member from Illinois, [Mr. Doua-
lass.] I desire to address a few remarks to this
proposition—not because I think it more worthy to
be entertained by the committee than either of the
other schemes submitted, but because it announces
a principle in regard to to our relations with Texas,
upon which great stress is laid by many of the ad-
vocates of annexation, both in this House and else-
where; and which, from the confidence with which
it is asserted, is entitled to special comment. That
gentleman's project of annexation is founded upon
the opinion that Texas actually belongs to the Uni-
ted States at this moment by virtue of the' treaty of
1803, which transferred Louisiana to this govern-
ment. It affirms that engagements were contracted
by that treaty which we could not, without viola-
tion of faith, annul or forego by any subsequent
treaty; that the cession of Texas, therefore, or the
relinquishment of our claim to Texas, by the Flori-
da treaty, was a violation of faith, and, in some sort,
a void or voidable act. This is distinctively, sir, the
plan of reannexation.
The treaty of 1803 contains this clause:
"The inhabitants of the ceded territory shall be incorpo-
rated into the Lmon of the United .States, and admitted, as
soon a< possible according to the principles of the fedoial
constitution, to the enjoyn.ent of all the rights, advantages,
and immunities of citr/en« of the United States; and, in
the mean time, they'shall be protected in the free enjoy-
ment of their liberty, property, and the religion they pro-
fess."
In 1819 the Florida treaty was negotiated, by
which this government, in consideration of the ces-
sion by Spain, of the territory of Florida to theUni-
ted States, relinquished, with some other equivalents
given by us, all claim on our pa t to the territory ly-
ing west of the Sabine. The language of that treaty
is:
"And the United States herebj cede to his Catholic Ma-
jesty, and renounce forever, all rights, chiims, end preten-
sions to the territories lying west and south of that line."
This argument of reannexation is founded on
several assumptions. First, it is assumed that
Texas was a part of Louisiana. Now, sir, I will
not dispute that point. I believe there was much
force in our pretensions to that extent. It is suffi-
cient for me, however, to say, that that was a ques-
tion of difference between the United and Spain; and
that the fact was in doubt. I am even willing to
admit, for the sake of the argument, that there was
no doubt as to our claim to embrace Texas in the
limits of Louisiana.
Second, it is assumed that the clause in  he treaty
of 1803, which I have quoted, contains an irrevoca-
ble and permanent guaranty to the inhabitants of
Texas, by which v.-e were compelled to admit them
into the Union as citizens; and that we could never
disencumber oursclvu'. of the obligations of that
guaranty by any subsequent treaty; that, therefore,
we could not cede this territoiy again to any other
nation.
Third, it is assumed that the Florida treaty was
only void so far as it related to the cession or relin-
quishment of our claim to Texas, but was good in
all other poults- that to say, we could not give up
Texas, but had a right to hold fast the equivalent
which was given for Texas, namely, the territory of
Florida; for 1 have not heard any gentleman contend
or assuit that our light to Florida was in the hast
impaired by the failure of power to give an equiva-
lent. I have heaid no one assert that Spain, under
the circumstances, had unj i ight to clann the rean-
nexation of Florida.
In 1P31 wc negotiated a treaty of limits with
Mexico, and i;i 1S33 a treaty of the same character
with Texas: m both of which treaties we stipulated
for the Sabine as our southwestern boundary. It is
assumed, in the fourth place, that both of these trea-
ties aie void.
The whole argument is foundtJ on the idea of ir-
revocable guaranty to the inhabitants of Texas in
the treaty of 180.1.
Sir, I would lemaik that H is the ordinary pro\i-
sion, either expressed or implied, m every tieaty of
cession of territory, that the inhabitants of the ce-
ded country should be incorporated with the nation
to which they are transferred. They necessai IV be-
come citizens or subjects of the new sovereignty;
and the effect of eveiy treaty is to stipulate for the
protection, the rights, advantages, and immunities
of the citizens or subjects of the nation to which
they are ceded. This is as strong a stipulation in
their favor, when left to necessary implication, as
when it is expressed. When France ceded Louisi-
ana to Spain, and when Spain retroceded the same
territory to France, in the two secret treaties which
have never been published, this guaranty in favor of
the inhabitants was virtually incorporated into
those treaties—perhaps was there in express phrase
—-just as strongly as it is in the treaty of 1803. If
there be any force in the objection, then, the'inhab-
itants of Texas may now claim the1 first guaranty in
their favor, and pronounce all subsequent treaties
void, with the,same justice that is now claimed in
their behalf to invalidate the treaties of 1819, 1831,
and 1838; so that the treaty of 1803 itself, on this
argument, is as nugatory as those which follow-
ed it.
In all the treaties which are to be found in the
diplomatic history of Europe, whereby cessions
have been made, this guaranty—as the gentleman
and his friend call it—will bo discovered, under
many forms of stipulation, both express and im-
plied. Let gentlemen examine the treaties from
Westphalia, m 1G48, down to the present time; the
treaty ofNimeguen; of Utrecht; the celebrated Bar-
rier treaty of 1715, for settling the barrier of the
Netherlands; the (Quadruple Alliance in 1718; the
treaty of Aix la Chapelle, and a score of others that
followed, down to the treaty of Paris, in 1763;
and, still later, the treaty of Paris, of 30th May,
1814; and they will find the great staple of these
treaties to be cessions and retrocessions of States,
with every kind of guaranty of protection and incor-
poration of their inhabitants. How absurd would
it be, how singularly would it strike the ear of the
civilized world, to hear these several States setting
up rights of reannexation, founded on the principles
asserted in this argument of the advocates of Texas!
Who ever before iaised the question that these stip-
ulations were guaranties, so potent and permanent
in their effect as forever to forestall and prevent
subsequent transfers of the "same people and terri-
tory?
Sir, does not every government, by its laws and
constitution, give a guaranty quite as strong, to say
the least of it, as this supposed guaranty of the
treaty, to protect and maintain its citizens or sub-
jects in possession of the rights and advantages be-
longing to them? Yet I have shown that every gov-
ernment—even this of ours—may cede away a por-
tion of its territory and people. Is it not asserted
here by gentlemen—the very gentlemen who insist
on the guaranty—that Texas may cede away all her
people? Has she not guarantied to them citizenship
and protection? The treaty of 1803 certainly could
not give to the inhabitants of Texas a more inaliena-
ble citizenship in the United States than the people
of thi3 Union possess; more inalienable than that
possessed by the people of the present republic of
Texas. Yet we have seen that these are not secure
from the incident of an occasional transfer, when
sufficient inducement exists to recommend it.
The treaty of 1803 was a good and valid treaty,
but it was no better than tlie treaty of 1819. Much
has been said of late to the disadvantage of this lat-
ter treaty. Sir, it was a well-considered, wise, and
profitable treaty to us. It has met with the almost
universal approbation of the country. It brought
us rich and valuable possessions; it removed from
our borders what I may call, without meaning a
disrespect to those who formerly possessed the
ceded territory, neighbors uncongenial to us, and
who might be troublesome. It was a treaty of am-
ple equivalents. It was negotiated by a most popu-
lar aduiiiustiation, was approved finally by the
unaniii ous opinion of the cabinet, and was ap-
plauded by the country. Sir, 1 deem it a matter of
moi e impoi tance to say, farther, that it met with
the trank and cordial approbation of General
Jackson. I mention this, sir, because in these later
days it has been found necessary to invoke the'po-
tent name of the Old Chief of the Hermitage against
the treaty of 1819, that strength may be gathered
for this scheme of reannexation. This matter has
gained a great notoriety in the country from a recent
controversy between members of this House, con-
ducted thiough the public preps, in which much
stress has been laid upon the imputed hostility of
the hero of New Orleans to the treaty of 1819. He
has himself thrown in a word to that debate. I
therefore sir, say, in very explicit terms, that Gen.
Jackson,'both before and after the final ratification,
expressed an unqualified approbation of the treaty;
wrote letters to that effect, which are now extant.
These letters, sir, can be produced; and if any au-
thentic friend of General Jackson's upon this floor
will deny his opinions were what I have described
them, I take upon myself to say these letters doubt-
less will be produced.
Sir, there is another point touching this guaranty.
To whom was it given? To the inhabitants of Tex-
