Jan. 1845,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Dromgoole.
H. of Reps.
legislatures ? This unquestionable power of the
Slates to admit, without limit or restraint, new
States —foreign States—into their union, did origi-
nally exist, although the compilers of the articles of
confederation ovei looked the necessity of inserting a
provision therein for that purpose. In forming this
Union, the States, knowing their right to admit any
new State they pleased, and desirous of providing
for the exercise of that right on all suitable occa-
sions, without too great inconvenience and delay,
have agreed to confide or intrust this right to "the
Congress," in as ample manner as they originally
possessed it. This provision is a pact or agreement
among the States to admit new States; and its execu-
tion is confided to Congress.
Mr. Chairman, the fact is, that in the history of
the formation and progress of this Union, foreign
States have been joined to it. Gentlemen are mista-
ken m assuming so boldly and confidently that no
State could be regarded as foreign to the United
States lying within the limits acknowledged by
Great Britain to be independent. The last clause in
the constitution evidently looked to such a possible
condition of things. It provides for the existence of
the Union as soon as ratifications should be made
by nine States. It had not escaped the sagacious
and reflecting framers of the constitution to inquire
what would be the condition of such States as might
dissent, and refuse to latify. I beg leave again to
refer to the 43d number of the Federalist. It is there
clearly shown that the confederacy was to be super-
seded; and it is more than intimated that it was then
at an end. Sir, a common sense of danger and a
common love of freedom united the revolted colonies
during their revolutionary struggle, more strongly
and more closely than did their articles of confeder-
ation. But I will not detain the committee from the
interesting views of Mr. Madison:
"This article speaks for itself The express authority of
the people alone, could give due validity to the constitu-
tion. Toha\e lequired the unanimous ratification of the
thnteen States would have subjected the essential interests
ol the whole to the caprice 01 corruption of a single mem-
ber. _ It would have marked a want of foresight m the con-
vention, which our own experience would have rendered
inexcusable.
"Two questions of a very delicate nature present them-
selvesonthis occasion. 1. On what principle the confed-
eration, which stands in the solemn foim of a compact
among the States, can be superseded without the unanimous
consent of the parties to it' :2 What relation is to subsist
between the ninu oi moie States ratifying the constitution,
and the rem? 1111115 *ew w^° do not become parties to it?
'"The first question is unsweied at once by recurring to
the absolute necessity of the case; to the great principle of
self-preservation, to the transcendent law of nature and of
nature's God, which declares that the safety and happiness
of society are the objects at which all political institutions
aim, and to which all such institutions rnuvt be sacrificed.
Pkrhaps, also an answer may be found without s>eaichmg
beyond the principles of the compact itself. It has been
heretofore noted among the defects of the coniederation,
that in many of the States, it had received no higher sanc-
tion than a mere legislative ratification. The principle of
reciprocity seems to require that its obligation on the
other States should be reduced to the same standard. A
compact between independent sovt-reigns, founded 011 acts
of legislative authority, can pretend to higher validity
than a league or treaty between the parties.
"It is an establishe'd doctrine on the subject of treaties,
that all the articles are mutaally conditions of each other,
that a breach'of any one article is a breach of the whole
treaty; and that abreach committed by either of the parties,
absolves the others; and authorizes them, if they please, to
pronounce the compact violated and \oid Should it un-
happily be necessary to appeal to these delicate truth", for
a justification for dispensing with the consent of particular
States to a dissolution of the federal pact, will not the com-
plaining parties find it a difficult task to answer the mul-
tiplied and important infrackons with which they may be
confronted? The time lias 1 een when it was incumbent on
lis all'to veil the ideas which this paragraph exhibits
"The scene is now changed, and with it, the parts which
the same motives dictate.
"The second question is not less delicate, and the flatter-
ing prospect of its being merely hypothetical, forbids an
over-cunous discussion of it. It is one of those cases w hich
must be left to provide for itself.
"I11 general it may be observed, that although no political
relation can subsist between the assenting and dissenting
States, yet the moral relations will remain uncancelled.
The claims, of justice, both on one side and on the other,
"will be m force, and must be fulfilled; the rights of human-
ity must 111 all cases be duly and mutually respected; whilst
considerations of a common interest, and above all, the re-
membrance of the endeanng scenes which are past, and the
anticipation of a speedy triumph over the obstacles to re-
union, will, it is hoped, not urge in vain modkrahon on one
side, and prudence on the other."
Sir, the position laid down by Mr. Madison is too
obvious to require comment. Each State was sep-
arately free, independent, and sovereign, and every
one must have been, m respect to every other, for-
eign, but for the constitutional union between them.
Every State not in the Union is foreign, and must be
so regarded upon the principles of international law.
did so happen that eleven States in the first in-
stance united by ratifying the constitution, *nd or-
ganizing the federal government. Two States—
North Carolina and Rhode Island—did not ratify.
They did not participate in the election of General
Washington, or in organizing the government.
They were not members of this Union in 1789,
when the government went into operation; they
were to all interests and purposes foreign States,
and so regarded in the legislation of Congress, for
the laws of the United States did not extend over
them. They were not subjcct to the revenue laws,
or included in the census, or enumeration of the in-
habitants of the United States.
It was expiessly stipulated that the same duties
should be imposed on goods coming through them
into the United States as upon direct importations.
Their own productions, too, were subjected to the
payment of duties. The rum and the chocolate of
North Carolina had to pay duty, if imported only
into the adjoining State.
[Mr. D. here referred to the laws of the United
States to sustain his positions in relation to Rhode
Island and North Carolina; to wit: Laws U. S. vol.
2d, 31, 52, 79, 107, 108, 110, 112; also, vol. 2d, 79
and 81.]
Fortunately, these two foreign States did not long
so remain, for they became members of this Union
by ratifying the constitution in accordance with the
original purpose and hope of the framers—that all
the original States would be so united. North
Carolina ratified on the 21st November, 1789, and
Rhode Island on the 29th May, 1790.
And now, Mr. Chairman, (said Mr. D.,) having
shown that two foreign States became members of
this Union by ratification, I shall proceed to show
that one foreign State was admitted into this Union
by the Congress. Vermont never became a mem-
ber of the confederacy during the revolutionary
struggle; she was not a revolted colony, and yet was
an independent State from 1777, when she organized
her government. Time will not permit, sir, to trace
these ''enterprising adventurers," with their New
Hampshire grants, from their earliest settlements in
the Green mountains, to the time of their admission
into this Union. I shall not investigate the validity
of their titles to their lands, but may say, that the
brave adventurers into Texas, who have acquired
lands, and founded government, and achieved inde-
pendence, need not blush at a comparison. These
"enterprising adventurers" maintained themselves
in defiance of New Hampshire and New York, and
against the decision of the British crown. I shall
not scrutinize the part they played during the war
of the revolution. I admire their bold, daring spirit,
and the resolute valor with which they maintained
their possessions. To those who are curious to
learn their history, T must be content to refer them
to Slade's Vermont State Papers, to Sparks's Life of
Ethan Allen, to the proceedings of Congress during
the confederation relative to Vermont, to the Madi-
son Papers, containing his letters during the confed-
eracy, particularly vol. i. pp. 121, 122, 123, and to
vol. ii., pp. G24 and 626. Vermont continued to
maintain her foreign attitude towards the United
States after the adoption of the constitution, and to
preserve her freedom against the claims of New
York. Finally, that peace might be restored, the
New York legislature, on the 14th July, 1789, ap-
pointed commissioners to adjust the difficulties with
Vermont. Reference to the act of the commission-
ers at New York 011 7th October, 1789, will show
that peace was restored, and that New York, for-
bearing all further claim of jurisdiction, acknowl-
edged the independence of Vermont That this
transaction may be well understood, and the princi-
ples of public and national law involved duly com-
prehended, I will ask the indulgence of the commit-
tee to hear me read some passages from the com-
mentaries of Chancellor Kent. (Vol. i. pp. 178-9.)
"The release of a territory from the dominion and so\ er-
eignty of the country, if that cession be the result ol coer-
cion or conquest, does not impose any obligation upon the
government to indemnify those who may suffer a loss of
property by the cession. The annals of New Yoik furnish
a strong illustration of this position The temtoiy com-
posing the State of Vermont belonged to this State, and it
separated from it, and erected itseli into an independent
State, without the consent and against the will of the gov-
ernment of New York. The latter continued, for many
years, to object to the separation, and to discover the
&Uongest disposition to reclaim by force the allegiance of
the inhabitants of that State But" they were unable to do
it; and it was a case of a revolution effected by force analo-
gous to that which was thenin action between this country
and Great Britain. And when New York found itself under
the necessity of acknowledging the independence of Ver-
mont, a question arose before the legislature, whether they
were bound in duty to make compensation to individual cit-
izens whose property would be sacrificed bj' the event, be-
cause their titles to land lying within the jurisdiction of
Vermont, and derived from New York, would be disregard-
ed by the government of that State. The claimants were
heard at the bar of the house of assembly, by counsel, in
17S7, and it was contended, on their behalf, that the State
was bound, upon the principles of the social compact, to pro-
tect and defend tlxe rights a d property of all its members;
anil that, whenever it became necessary, upon the grounds
of public expediency and policy, to withdraw the protec-
tion of government from the property ol any of its citizens,
without actually making the utmost efforts to reclaim the
jurisdiction of the country, the State was bound to make
compensation for the loss. In answer to this argument, it
was stated that the independence of Vermont was an act of
force beyond the power of this State to control, and equiva-
lent to a conquest of that territory; and the State had not
the competent ability to recover, by force of arms, their
soveieignty over it; and it would have been folly and ruin
to havt  attempted it All pacific means had been tried
without success; and, as the State was compelled to yield to
a case of necessity, it had discharged its duty; and it was
not required, upon any of the doctrines* of public law, or
principles of political or moral obligation, to indemnify the
sufferers. The cases in which compensation had been made
for losses consequent upon revolutions m government were
peculiar and gratuitous, and rested entirely on benevolence,
and were given from motives of policy, or as a reward for
extraordinary acts of loyalty and exertion. No government
can be supposed to be able, consistently with the welfare
of the whole community, and it is, therefore, not required,
to assume the burden of losses produced by conquest, or
the violent dismemberment of the States. It would be in-
compatible with the fundamental principles of the social
compact.
"This was the doctrine that prevailed; and, when the act
of July 14, 1789, was passed, authorizing commissioners to
declare the consent ofthe State to the independence of Ver-
mont, it was expressly declared that the act was not to bo
constiued to give any person claiming lands in Vermont,
under title from this State, any right to any compensation
whatsoever from New York."
Will any man now doubt that, on the 7th October,
1789, Vermont was free from claim of jurisdiction
by any power 011 earth, and might have negotiated
treaties and formed alliances? The legislature of
Vermont, on the 27th October, 1790, passed an act
providing for a convention in reference to her ad-
mission into the Union; and that convention, on the
l()th of January, 1791, adopted and ratified the con-
stitution on behalf of Vermont. But she did not,
by that ratification, become a member of this Union
as did the original States; but she was admitted into
tnis Union by the Congress. An act passed on the
18th of February, 1791, admitting the State of Ver-
mont into this Union on the 4th March, 1791.—See
laws U. S-, vol. 2, p. 193, and pp. 201, 202.
As the act is short, and affords the first precedent
for the admission of a foreign State, it is inserted
entire:
"Chap. 81. [VII.J An act for the admission of the State of
Vermont into this Union.
"The State of Vermont having petitioned the Congress to
be admitted a member of the United States, Be it enacted by
the Senate mid House of Representatives of the United States
of Jlmericu in Congress assembled, and it is hereby enacted
aiid declared, That on the fourth day of March, one thousand
seven hundred and ninety-one, the said State, by the name
and style of 'the State of Vermont,' shall be received and
admitted into this Union as a new and entire member of the
United States of America.
"Approved, Feb. IS, 1791.^
The inquiry, then, can Texas be admitted as a
new State into this Union? is answered in the affirm-
ative, at least to the satisfaction of my own mind.
But, Mr. Chairman, whilst the constitutional
power to admit Texas into this Union as a new State
has been demonstrated, we shall not be able to vindi-
cate the exercise of that power, unless it is manifest
lltet Texas may rightfully, on her part, apply, or
enter. Past occurrences preclude all doubt from my
mind of her willingness, her desire to enter this
Union, and therefore the argument should be the
same as if she was actually making, at this moment,
application for admission. Indeed her original ap-
plication and preference was to become a member of
this Union, and not a Territory of the United States.
Such, it is reasonable to presume, is still her wish—
such, surely, ought to be her preference.
If Texas was, at this time, a territory, a depend-
ency, or department of some foreign power at peace
with us; under such circumstances, to give the sanc-
tion of the United States to its election into a State,
and to admit it into this Union, would most unques-
tionably violate a nation's rights. Such act, on our
part, would be a flagrant wrong indicted on a friendly
power; it would amount to a territorial despoliation;
it would be a justification, in the judgment of the
civilized world, of that friendly power in making
war. If such was the condition of Texas, it will be
readily conceded that it ought to be fairly and hon-
orably [acquired of such foreign power through the
intervention of the treaty-making function. Loui-
siana and Florida are instances of such acquisitions.
Texas, however, is at this time a free and indeperi-
