S04
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong.... 2d Sess.
Jlnnexalion of Texas—Mr. Dromgoole.
,H. of Reps.
dent State, and of right ought to be so. She has so
solemnly published ?r.d declared, as did the United
States; and this uonoitjon of righ'fal independence
she has maintained, ia no doubtful manner, for
years. In her character of freedom and independ-
ence,acknowledged and respected by foreign power?,
she has, with them, national intercourse, and with
them has negotiated treaties. It is now not material
to inquire whether she attained the character
and condition of an independent State, by successful
revolt, as did the United States; by conquest, as uid
Vermont; by the peaceable or violent dissolution or
destruction of a confederacy. 01 by whatsoever mode.
The fact of her independence, at present, and of its
uninterrupted continuance for quite a considerable
lapse of time, are notorious to the civilized world,
and unquestioned. She is in the full enjoyment of
fieedom, and in the active and undisturbed exercisc
of tho at ributes of sovereignty. Her existing rela-
tive position to the nations of the earth is apparent-
ly, and in all probability permanently, established.
Looking to the political aspect of affairs, there can
be no well-grounded apprehension of further at-
tempt at invasion and subjugation. She is engaged
110 longer in war and doubtful contest for the main-
tenance ot her independence. War has actually
ceased, whereby peace is restored; without, however,
any formal pacification. There is no threatened or
apprehended approach of invading armies to disturb
this actual state of peace. There is no war, actual,
constructive, or probable. There is now no pre-
tended armistice, upon which to hang the plea of a
temporary suspension only of existing hostilities.
Vested by the form of our government with the dis-
cretionary power of admitting Texas as a new State
into this Union, the Congress is under no interna-
tional obligation to postpone indefinitely the exer-
cise of that power, in order to ascertain if war will
be renewed by Mexico against Texas, and further
effort made, in earnest, forcibly to conquer and re-
tain her as a department.
Does the admission of Texas, upon a just con-
sideration of all the circumstances, give cause of
offence, properly, to any other power What effect
the union of Texas with these Stales may have, in
the progress of time, upon the course of trade, com-
merce, and business of other nations must be matter
of conjecture and speculation. Probable estimates
of a favorable or disadvantageous influence upon
commercial interests can never rightfully become
questions of discussion and complaint, so as to re-
quire two poweis, purposing to unite, to forbear or
relinquish the consummation of their intentions. A
weak State, with a small comparative population,
embarrassed with debt, contracted in dcfencc of lib-
erty, and less able, on that account, to render justice
to her creditors, and develop her resources for the
improvement and defence of the country, may right-
fully, in reference to other nations, seek increased
security and protection, by an intimate union with a j
stronger power; may obtain admission into a great j
and powerful confederacy of States. In the j
simple act of admission into our Union, Texas ex- j
erases a privilege, a right recognised to belong to '
her, according to the well-established principles of I
international law. Ay, sir, it is the duly of a good I
government to seek, by all lawful and justifiable
means, to promote the safety snd prosperity of the
country, whose destinies are under its control.
Upon the same principles of the public law of na-
tions, it becomes both the rightandduty of the United
States, the stronger power, to give succor to the
weaker, if it may be done without injury to them-
selves, or a violation of internal obligations. Ad-
mission of Texas into our Union, then, viewed ex-
ternally and internationally, is a blameless transac-
tion. The mode of its accomplishment by the two
countries, the respective powers of the governments,
and the appropriate functions of different departments,
cannot legitimately be matters of discussion with
other nations.
The arrangements devolve on Congress, vested
with the discretion to admit, and on Texas, which,
as a new State, is to enter. 1 piefer, sir, that the mode
should be simple, certain, and as early as practica-
ble. Believing that the proposition which I had the
honor to submit, to be perfected as I have indicated,
is more in accordance with these requisites, 1 should
of course desire, its adoptioi - My plan proposes to
admit a new State with def .. e boundaries, adjoin-
ing two other States, and bordering on the Gulf of
Mexico. It 13 apparent that a State may be thus
defined so as to embrace all or a large majority of
the population of the present republic. By requir-
es tfie new Stnto to bonfe on cxisiijig Piftws*
avoid the possibility of a gap in the extension of
our confederacy; we preserve the idea of forming
contiguous States in our neighborhood. And by re-
quiring the new State to bind on the Gulf, we se-
cure the extension of our coast, atonce, west of the
Sabine. The lnhabitiints of the republic are to in-
stitute for themselves a republican form of govern-
ment; are to consent to define their boundaries, and
voluntarily adopt the other conditions upon which
the consent of Congress to their admission is
based. And all these proceedings are to be had with
the consent of the existing government. Here is a
full recognition of the popular right of self-govern-
ment; for without the acknowledgment of this right
by us to be exercised by them, no republican govern-
ment could be m fact instituted.* And yet to avoid
every appearance of disrespect to the existing gov-
ernment, and every semblance of a precedent to in-
vite the inhabitants of a country to rise up against
the consent of their government, and form a"State
in oider to be admitted into this Union, with great
propriety the consent of the existing government is
required. The right of the people to define the lim-
its of their organized government, or to contract its
organic form, for the convenience of themselves and
its administration, to a space or area less thm then-
whole territory, cannot be questioned. There is no
authority or power competent to question it. And
for similar and good reasons it is indisputable
that the right to the residuary territory re-
mains unafiected by the operation. This being
so, is it not, in many respects, to be preferred that
the boundaries of the new State should at once,
by the fundamental law, be definitively settled. It
will be far more practicable to adjust and settle ques-
tions relating to this Territory and its boundaries,
whether we look to difficulties at home or abroad, in
its condition of mere territory, than if embraced in
the actual limits of the State. Nobody entertains
the most remote idea that Texas, if admitted as one
entire Stole, ought so to remain after it shall have
been filled with inhabitants. Theie will be infinitely
more difficulty in dissecting a State, or erecting new
States within its limits, than there would be inform-
ing ne.w States out of territory as the number of in-
habitants should from time to tune justify.
Would the circumstance that the new State had
claim to large territorial possessions beyond its
organized limits, constitute an objection to its ad-
mission? Certainly not, Mr. Chairman; for if so,
then this Union would hardly have been formed.
A new State is admitted upon the same footing, and
with equal rights, with the original States who
formed ill's- Union; and, consequently, with the same"
right to hold territory and retain title thereto, pos-
sessed and owned at the time. Most of the original
States had claims to territory. Some ceded to the
United States under the artitles of confederation—
~ h! ll;:.- mo'le of tco, wef:\o:d the objection
maae by Mr. .Adams din! others <it th° time, that we ought
not to take po&iiessiori of Louibt.inu, fnd extend the laws of
the United Stales ovei itrf mhul'innts w ithout their formal
consent—a precedent winch ho t-ecatert, and the evil
effects of w Inch he thr.ucrht would be iuiK developed in our
i-iture rKU;ui5.itiou* ol temtor}, and admissions of States
He iwers to this precedent m the same letter fiom winch
an extract ir embodied in the&u remarks, tite the follow-
ing:
• it was not iu the exercise, "by (ieneial Jachson, in 1321,
of powers so incompatible with dU our institutions; it was
in the assumption and grant by Congress of ir.o«e powers
in 1903 ihat the real constitutional CjU'ast:on was involved,
and it is uo small satisfaction to me that 1 am enabled to ic-
fei you to those very votes which 'General Si.j? tlr imputes
to un-.voithy motives for proof that, Lorn tin- first cav tl at
I was called to act m your public council--, 1 have held the
go\eminent of your T r>ion to Iw a government ol iimited
povvevs; mat Congress could nut lawfully exerc^c any
pow ers not granted to them by the people in the constiru-
tion and that powers m themselves of a ti^n^cenduital na-
ture caonot be assumed by con> t;jct!0\- a? incidental to
expressed pow cre of parent import t,o much more lin ited
than themvedvps. '
"After tlnifc q::e-;tions had been ; ettled by Urge majori-
ties of both Houses of Congress, and sanctioned b} the ac-
quiescence oi the people both of Louisiana and of the
1'mteu States. 3 have considered them as no longer contro-
■vcr'ibie But the consequences of the principles then set-
tled, and by those \ erv acts aganut which I\oted have
been a* yet but very imperfectly developed When the
day shall come for your representatives to determine
whether the territories" of Cevlon oi Madagascar, of Cor-
sica cr of Cuba, fhall be governed by rules and regulations
u /iv.atinc Ivor., yo;u C or.gjcss; who'iKi the inhabitants of
tho<-c n.u.iiiorirs shall be gcverned for a liserenonaiy
time by such persons, and in s ach manner as> the President
of the United states shall dircet: and whether tbeir pfople
shall ultimately bp constituted into States, represented upon
the floor of j'ourinatioual legislative assemblies;—then wiil
be the time for discovering, m distant perspective, the full
and hn-I cohSu^uyneea of that ncct n<l section of the
4-t ;<_ i t~i\i\wj, of "
others became members of this Union without hav-
ing made such cessions. It was not regarded as any
obstacle in the way of membership. It was compe-
tent for these States separately to acquire and hold
territory before they became united. They did not
forfeit or lose their territorial claims by becoming
members. Without referring to others, I have ex-
amined, for the sake of precedents, the cases of
North Carolina and Georgia. Both held extensive
and valuable territories, and continued to hold them
for some time. By reference to Laws of the United
Slates, vol. 2, beginning at page 85, may be found
"Au act to accept a cession of the claims of the State
of North Carolina to a certam district of western
territory," approved April 2, 1790; which act recites
all the terms and conditions upon which the cession
was made, as contained in the act of the general as*
scmbly of the State of North Carolina.
The North Carolina cession was made in Con-
gress by her two senators, Samuel Johnson, and
Benjamin Hawkins, by deed signed, sealed, and
delivered.
In vol. 1, LawsU. S., beginning at page 488, may
be found "articles of agreement andcession between
the United States and the State of Georgia.1' These
articles were concluded on.24th April, 1802, between
commissioners of the State of Georgia, to wit:
James Jackson, Abraham Baldwin, and John Mil-
ledge, duly authorized and appointed by and on the
part and behalf of the said Stats of Georgia; and the
commissioners of the United States, James Madison,
Albert Gallatin, and- Levi Lincoln, duly authorized
and appointed, &c. Georgia ceded her right, title,
and claim to jurisdiction and soil of lands west of
Chattahooche and of a certain line. The United
States also ceded to Georgia whatever claim, right,
or title they had to the jurisdiction and' soil of cer-
tain lands. The articles contain diverse stipulated
conditions favorable to Georgia. These articles
were fully ratified by the legislature of Georgia on
.Tune 16, JL£02. The act of Congress authorizing
the appointment of these commissioners was approv-
ed April 7,1798, and is entitled "an act for the
a-iveable settlement of the limits with the State of
Georgia, and authorizing the establishment of a gov-
ernment in the Mississippi telHtory.■', It appropri-
ated ten thousand dollars to enable the President to
cany it into effect.
It is perfectly competent lor Texas—I mean the
political community who own and inhabit the coun-
try m their high sovereign capacity—to prescribe
the limits of the State formed within their territory
and jurisdiction, and s'.ill retain their right, title, and
claim to the residuary teiritory unimpaired. If
after waids it is deemed expedient for the new State
to cede her right, title, and claim to the United
States, in order that a government may be estab-
lished therein, as in the ca^e of Mississippi, such
cession may easiiy be accomplished with as little
difficulty as in the cases cited—and probably with
less difficulty and ultimate aggregate cost than in the
case of Georgia. Candor requires me to declare
that 1 should look with an anxious wish to a
speedy cession to the United States, and to the
payment of a just equivalent to the new State. In
my unbiased judgment this is the most simple, the
most ceruunly constitutional, and the most expedi-
tious mode of bringing the whole country properly
appertaining to Tex^s within the territorial limits
and jurisdiction of the United States, In this mode,
which I have ventured to propose, we shall have
without delay one State, stretching on the Gulf and
compactly joining Louisiana and Arkansas, with its
boundaries, in other particulars, so defined in the
constitution as to pre\ert, for the future, any con-
troversy respecting the same. The new State,
too, assents, in advance, to any settlement of the
boundaries of this residuary territory which the
government of the United States may make. This
assent on the part of the new State leaves, as it
should, the tieaty-makin^ power full scope to ad-
just the international boundary by liberal and ami-
cable negotiation.
If Texas is to be admitted into this Union, as a
State, as I sincerely trust and desire will be the re-
sult, surely it is the best policy to accomplish this
great purpose at the earnest practicable time. A
few months will be amnly sufficient for the people
of Texas, if so inclined, t • accept the easy and fa-
vorable conditions tendered, and through the agency,
of deputies in convention adopt a republican form of
government, to which they are already accustomed;
and thus at once enter the Union. The plan pro-
posed by me, in Mew of these considerations,
Vnils Tw* deilnifely it day; hw\ In \h\iu
