Feb. 1845. 
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
Post Office BUI—Mr. Yancey.
H. of Reps,
do to incorporate Texas into the Union, we should
cast our eye over the whole country, as it will pre-
sent itself to our view, after this addition. Look to
the whole region of country north of this line back
to the British settlements. Wisconsin, the last of the
northwestern cession, yet to be admitted as a kta^e?
is sufficent for an empire. Iowa, lying beyond the
Mississippi river, is about to enter the Union, soon
to become, from the fertility of its soil, and the ex-
tent of its boundaries, a populous and influential
State. North of Iowa, two other States may here-
after be formed. Look to the residue of our coun-
try extending-across the upper waters of the Mis-
souri to the eastern base of the Rocky mountains.
It is impossible to survey these vast regions even on
the map, and not perceive at a single glance, that
in our future progress of population and admission
of States, our non-slaveholding brethren are des-
tined to a certain and increasing ascendency. Shall
we wrangle, then, on this topic of slavery, and
thereby lose a favorable opportunity of effecting a
great national desideratum—the complement of our
southern boundary on the Gulf of Mexico? Con-
sider this magnificent country lying between two
immense systems of mountains—one vast vale or
plateau of lands of unparalleled fertility, and reaching
from the frozen regions of the north, where its
waters interlock with those of the Artie ocean, down
to the sunny plains of the South. Who that looks
at it, and contemplates its northern extent and ex-
pansion, does not perceive the necessity of widen-
ing our gulf bounaary, so as to make it commen-
surate with the whole valley proper of the Missis-
sippi? Shall the question of slavery stand in the
way of its accomplishment?
The common interest in the continuous navigation
of all the rivers from one extreme to the other will
forever bind together the inhabitants of this valley,
and overcome any repulsive feelings produced by
the existence of slavery. Look at the map of the
Gulf and the circumjacent teiritory; conceive a line
• drawn from the southern and eawtern Cape of Flori-
da to the Del Norte or its neighborhood, and say if
there is not thus formed a natural gulf or bay, mid-
way into which the Mississippi river empties the
confluent waters of the vast valley, and which we
ought to secure. We shall thus have completed
our possessions and boundary of the most remark-
able region on the face of the globe, watered by the
longest rivers in the world, and having the most ex-
tensive, connected, and ramified inland navigation,—
capable of becoming the granary of all nations, and
holding together from its gieater population and cen-
tral advantages,^ this mighty confederacy in its
broad extent from the Atlantic to the Pacific ocean.
And surely it ought to weigh with the non-slave-
holdmg States, that there will be secured for settle-
ment to them—that delightful region of Oregon—
sloping from the western base of the Rocky moun-
tains to the Pacific, and embraced between forty-two
degrees and fifty-four degrees and forty minutes
north latitude. Surely we ought to agree to move
harmoniously along the gulf, and on the Pacific.
Avoiding disturbing causes, and our Union may be
preserved, extended, and strengthened. And it
should be a source of just pride and patriotic reflec-
tion, that this Union, as formed by the establishment
of the constitution originally, will be perpetuated,
and that the latest posterity with just exultation may
continue, in the language of that sacred instrument,
to call it "This Union11—this Union still, although
new States have been admitted into it "by the Con-
constitution or form of government; and that the assent of
the State shall be also inserted to such boundaries of the re-
maining territory, properly pertaining to Texas, and to be
claimed and held by said new State on superseding the pres-
ent government as may be settled and defined by the
government of fcthe United States, by negotiation and
treaty, or otherwise.
Sf.c. 3. Jlnd be it, further enacted, That on the aforesaid
fourth day of July, in the present yeai, the said new State,
having been thus formed and defined by the name and
style of the State of Texas, shall be received and admitted
into this Union as a new and entire member of the United
States of America.
Skc. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the State of Texas,
when admitted into this Union in conformity with the provi-
sions of this act, shall be entitled, and continue to be
entitled until the next general census, to two repre-
sentatives in the House of Representatives of the
United States; and in all other respects, as far as they may
be applicable, the laws of the United States shall extend to,
and have force in the State of Texas, and all the territory
properly claimed and belonging to the same, in the same
manner as if that State, with its claims to other territory,
had originally been one of the United States.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the President of the
United States, so soon as he shall be informed that the State
of Texas has become entitled to be received andadmittod into
this Union in conformity with the provisions of thie act,
shall cause the same to be publicly made known by procla-
mation; and shall, at the commencement of the first session
of the twenty-ninth Congress, lay before both houses all the
proceedings received by this government, which shall have
taken place m pursuance of this act.
APPENDIX.
J\NUARY 8, 1845.
Mr.j Dromgoole, on leave, introduced the following
bill;
A bill declaring tho consent of Congress that a new State
be loi med u ithm the jurisdiction of the republic of Texas,
and admitted into this Union.
Sj.c 1. Be u enarted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States oj Jlmtuca in Conqiess assem-
bled, That the Congress doth consent that a new State may,
«e erected within the jurisdiction of the republic of Texas
adjoining the States of Louisiana and Arkansas, and bound-
ed also by the gulf of Mexico, with a republican form of
government, to be adopted b\ the inhabitants of «aid repuh-
ljc. assembled by deputies m'convention, with the consent
oj the existing government, m order that the said new
fctute may be admitted into this Union.
S£t. 2 Jlnd be it Juither enacted, That the foregoing
consent of the rongres<? is given upon the following condi-
tions, to wit That the new State shall be formed "and 2ts
government adopted, pziorto the fourth day of July m the
pre^entjear, and that the boundaries of said new State,
conforming to the outlines beiore stated, and containing an
area Qyt exceeding seventy thousand square miles, shall
pe cleaned by the convention of deputies, and inserted in the
SPEECH OF MR. YANCEY,
OF ALABAMA.
hi the House of Representatives, Februaryy 1845—
On the bill to reduce the rates of postage.
Mr. YANCEY said: I had not designed, Mr.
Chairman, to have addressed the committee upon
this bill, until its friends had determined to force it
through this body by the mere force of numbers, al-
lowing but two hours' discussion of its provisions.
Had the privilege of dissecting the principles in-
volved in the bill, and exposing the evils to result
from its adoption, been permitted to those who op-
pose it, I should have been satisfied to have given
my vote in silence, relying with confidence for my
support upon the debate which would hare gone
before the country. That privilege has been denied;
and I rise, therefore, briefly to state a few reasons
why the bill should not become a law.
In the first place, the change proposed is too rad-
ical and sudden. The rates of postage are now 65,
10, 12|, 18£, al1(i 25 cents for various distances.
This bill proposes that, as soon as it receives the
signature of the President, they shall all be reduced to
one uniform rate of 5 cents for a package weighing
a half ounce or less. The change is too sudden, for
it gives no time for putting the plan into operation
throughout the vast and intricate machinery of the
Post Office Department—a machinery which cannot
be destroyed and reconstructed in a day. If are-
form in that department is desirable, (and 1 do not
gainsay it,) approach so important a work os an en-
tire destruction and reconstruction of one bianch of
the government with caution, and disturb it with care.
The abolition of the various rates of postage now
exactcd, the very smallest of which is larger by 20
per cent, than the rate to which it is proposed all
shall be reduced, is too serious an undertaking to be
accomplished without hazard by a sweeping dash of
the pent
Again, sir, while this bill thus reduces the post-
age rates sixty-six and two-third cents below the
average of the present rates, it increases three or
six fold (according to the quality of paper used)
the rights of those who use the mail. By the law,
as it now stands, a certain rate is charged upon
each sheet sent in the mail. By the bill it is pro-
posed that a uniform rate of 5 cents shall be charged
on single letters for any distance; but any package
weighing a half ounce or less, shall be deemed a.tingle
letter. Now, sir, three such sheets of letter paper
as I hold m my hand—paper of the usual American
manufacture—can be sent in a package weighing
a fraction less than half an ounce—or, six sheets of
French letter paper can be sent in a package of like
weight. The operation of the bill is doubly in fa-
vor of those who use the mail—not only reducing all
former rates for any distance to twenty per cent, be-
low the lowest charge now known to the law,
(which charge, too, allows but of the carrying of a
letter thirty miles,) hut increasing the quantity of
matter which a correspondent can send by mail
from three to six fold. This will necessarily weigh
down your mails to an enormous extent—retard to a
certain degree their progress, at least over stage
and horse routes—and render their transportation
more expensive.
Another objection to the bill is the power confer*
red upon the Postmaster General. By its provis-
ions, if the compensation of the postmaster does
not reach a certain amount annually, the head of the
department can increase that compensation to an
amount equal to fifty per cent, upon the amount of
letter postage received at his office. I presume that,
in the frontier and thinly settled sections of the
Union, there are thousands of postmasters who
may thus be made dependants upon the will of the
Postmaster General. Now, sir, I would not object
to some fixed mode of giving reasonable salary to
such postmasters; but I do object to the giving to
any one individual such uncontrolled power to give
or not to give away the public money to individuals
scattered over so broad an extent of country. It is
dangerous—it is tempting-—it is corrupting.
Another serious objection to the bill is, that it de-
stroys the present system, by which traveling ac-
commodation is afforded by mail contracts to the
community—by which commercial prosperity is
increased, and social intercourse promoted. The
bill proposes to let out mail contracts without refer-
ence to the mode or manner of mail conveyance.
Thus, upon the great mail route between Madison,
Georgia, and Chehaw, Alabama, or that between
Montgomery, Alabama, and Columbus, Mississippi,
the contractor under this bill may carry it in a mud
cart, upon horseback, or by balloon, if possible.
The immense and valuable lines of communication
which intersect our whole country, and by which
its citizens are enabled to travel with rapiJity and
cheapness, will thus be crushed in a moment, as it
were, working immense inconvenience to the peo-
ple in their business and social relations.
But the great and leading objection I have to the
passing this measure into law is, that it will throw
the Post office Department upon the treasury of the
United States for support. Its friends here deny
this, and say that such is not their intention; and
that they agree to the proposition which we ad-
vance, that the department should pay its own way;
should be curtailed or extended as its revenues de-
mand. Yet the bill, upon its very face, denies their
assertions—confesses to "the soft impeachment"—«
and appropriates absolutely seven hundred and fifty
thousand dollars to defray any deficiency in its rev-
enues which may be created by the bill, and allows
four and a half millions to be drawn out of the con-
tingent fund by the Postmaster General if requisite!
Is it necessary for me, sir, to show the enormity—I
had almost said the iniquity—of such a provision?
Is it necessary to demonstrate that those only who
use the post officc should bo taxed to pay its ex-
penses? As these positions have not been and will
not be controverted, I will not consume the time of
the committee by dwelling upon them. Their sim-
ple statement enforces conviction.
These are some of the leading objections which I
entertain against the passage of this bill. And I
would respectfully ask, sir, upon what this great,
this radical change has been based? Is it upon a
failure of the Post Office Department to accomplish
the ends for which it was established? No, sir.
That department has been in successful operation
since the foundation of our government, and in th&
main, as now, has supported itself. Its opera-
tions—its vast and intricate ramifications ex-
tending over the whole Union, like the veina
of the human system, carrying life to the
very extremities of this giant republic, excite tha
wonder and admiration of all who have exam-
ined it and thought upon it for a moment. By it
he who has settled upon the farthest frontier of the
West, may regularly communicate with his friend
111 the extiemest East, while commerce acknowledge 8
it as an invaluable handmaid in all her operations.
The system, as it now exists, sir, has not failed; and
I never heard from the farmer, or mechanic, or
professional man, in my region, a murmur at the
slight compensation which he was called upon to
pay to government for carrying his letters. Whence
comes, then, the demand for this great change? Has
it been from the head of that department—him who
is most familiar with its operations, and with the
wants of the community on the subject? No, sir.
Pie protests against this sweeping revolution in the
system. Has it come from the people? No, sir:
the cry that is heard here comes from editors of
magazines, not subscribers; from editors of city
daily papers, not their readers; from merchants o
your great cities, not from their country customer
from brokers, not from their victims.
Boston, New York, Cincinnati, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, Charleston, Mobile, and New Orleans
