Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Stephens.
Bu of Reps,
the States in which it exists, severally, separately,
and exclusively, and with which this government
has no right to interfere or to legislate, further than
to secure the enforcement of rights under existing
guaranties of the constitution, and to suppress insub-
ordinations and insurrections, if they arise. Beyond
this, there is no power in the general government
to act upon the subject, with a view either to
strengthen or weaken the institution. For, if the
power to do one be conceded, how can that to do the
other be denied? I do not profess to belong to that
school of politicians who claim one construction of
the constitution one day, when it favors my inter-
ests, and oppose the same, or a similar one, the next
day,whenithappensto beagainstme. Truthisfixed,
inflexible, immutable, and eternal, unbending to time,
circumstances, and interests; and so should be the
rules and principles by which the constitution is
construed and interpreted. And what has been the
position of the South for years upon this subject?
What has been the course of'her members upon this
floor, m relation to the reception of abolition pe-
titions? Has it not been, that slavery is a ques-
tion upon, which Congress cannot act, except
in the cases" I have stated—where it is express-
ly provided by the constitution that Con-
gress has no jurisdiction, if you please, over the
subject, and that therefore it is improper and useless,
if not unconstitutional, to receive petitions asking
what Congress cannot constitutionally grant? This
has been the ground assumed by the South, and
upon which these petitions have been rejected for
years by this House, until the rule was rescinded
at the beginning of tins session. And however
much gentlemen fiom different parts of the Union
have differed m opinion upon the extent of the ab-
stract right of petition, and the propriety and expe-
diency of receiving nil kinds of petitions, whether
for constitutional objects or not, yet I believe they
have always been nearly alt agreed in this, that
Congress has no right or power to inteifere with I lie
institutions of the States. This, sir, is our safe-
guard, and in it is our only security; it is the outpost
mid bulwark of our defence. Yield this, and you
yield every thing. Grant the power to act or move
upon the subject, yield the jurisdiction, call upon
Congress to legislate with the view presented in that
correspondence, and instead of strengthening, they
might deem it proper to weaken those institutions;
,uid where, then, is your remedy? 1 ask southern
gentlemen, where, then, is their remedy? We were
reminded the other day by a gentleman from South
Carolina, [iVlr. Holmks,] that we were in a minori-
ty on this floor. It is true, wc are in a minority;
and is it wise in a minority to yield their strong
position, their sure and safe fortress, to the majority,
far them to seize and occupy to their destruction?
No, sir; never. Upon this subject, I tell gentlemen
fiom the South, and the people of the South, to stand
upon the constitution as it is, and that construction
winch lias been uniformly given to it upon this
point, from the beginning of the government. This
is our shield, wrought in the furnace of the revolu-
tion. It is broad,"ample, firm, and strong, and we
want no further protection or security than it pro-
vides. But this is not all. That correspondence
not only makes slavery a national question, and
calls upon Congress to tieat it as such and legis-
late m reference to it as such, but it has even
thrust the whole subject into our foreign diplo-
macy; and those State institutions which heretofore
were never held to be proper topics for discussion
arid agitation, even upon this floor, are now deemed
proper subjects of legitimate correspondence between
this government, in its national character, and the
most influential and powerful courts of Europe.
Where it will end, I know not. But the whole pro-
ceedings 1 consider as untimely, uncalled for, and
exceedingly improper; and against it, as a southern
man, a Georgian, and as an American, I protest.
Upon the institution of slavery, sir, I do not in-
tend to speak here, either of its origin, history, pres-
ent condition and necessity, or of its evils and
abuses. It is not the proper place. 1 have been led
to say what I have, in stating my first objection to
the proposed plan for the annexation of Texas—
which is, that it leaves this an open question, for
mischievous and dangerous discussion hereafter.
The other objection to that plan is, that it pro-
vides for the assumption of the debt of Texas—at
least to the extent of ten millions of dollars. Nor
do 1 consider this matter of debt "all smoke," as
another gen'leman fiom South Carolina [Mr.
Rhett] said the other day; or, at least, where there
js so much smoke, I fear there is "some fir§"—
quite enough to "blister our fingers," if we handle
it much. There are other obligations, at any rate,
which I think we would be doing much better to be
looking after first. We ought to be just before we
undertake to be generous. Georgia has not yet
been reimbursed for expenditures made in behalf of
the common defence during the late Indian difficul-
ties; and the faithful soldier, in many instances, has
not yet been successful in getting his honest dues
for services and loss ®f property m those campaigns.
We ought certainly to pay our own debts first; and
after that we have other debts, still much nearer
home, if we are disposed to be liberal with the pub-
lic money. Several of the States of the Union, un-
fortunately, are largely in debt. And I have not
been a little surprised at the course of certain gentle-
men upon this question, who were not long since
exceedingly clamorous against the monstrous and
unconstitutional assumption of the debts of the
States, which was, without foundation, and alto-
gether gratuitously, charged upon their opponents,
but who now see no objection at all, no constitution*
al impediment to the assumption of the debts of a
foieign country. It is destruction to the constitu-
tion, according to their logic, to pay the debts of the
States; but there is no obstacle, nothing more formi-
dable than "smoke," which soon disappears and
vanishes, in the way of paying the debt of Texas.
There is one part of Scripture I would commend to
the attention of such gentlemen, and it is that which
describes the inconsistency of a class of people of
old, who "strained at gnats and swallowed cam-
els."
But who knows the amount of our liability to be
incurred by the assumption of that debt? It is true,
the committee only propose to pay ten millions; but
who does not know that if we take Texas, with her
sovereignty, lands, and all her property, as that
plan proposes, we will become liable for her whole
debt, l.'t the amount be as large as it may? And are
gentlemen prepared thus to incur an unknown lia-
bility?
[Here Mr. C. J. Ingersoli., chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, interrupted to ex-
plain, and stated that the ministers of Texas had es-
timated the debt at between seven and eight millions;
but the committee had put the amount at ten mil-
lions, so as to cover everything.]
Mr. Stephens continued. Yes, sir, 1 know all
that; but will the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs undertake to say to the
House that ten millions will cover the present debt
of Texas?
[Mr. Inof.rsoll replied, that he made the state-
ment on the authority of the Texian ministers.]
Mr. Stephens proceeded. Yes, sir; but up to
what time did that estimate refer? As far back as
1841; three—four years ago. It may have been
going on and increasing ever since. I want to know
what it is at this time. If I have been correctly in-
formed, the authorities of Texas have not even kept
an account of their debt since 1841, and do not them-
selves know its extent. If they did, why did not
their ministers tell what it was in 1844? Either be-
cause they did not know, or the amount was too
frightful to disclose. Many men of fortune owpd
but little in 1841, who have long since been bank-
rupt. And people in debt are generally in the habit
of estimating their liabilities far short of their real
amount. It is sufficient for me that we have no au-
thentic information upon the extent of that debt at
this time; and the absence of information is omi-
nous of itself. I have heard it estimated by some at
twenty millions, others forty, and some as high as
sixty. For my part, I should about as soon attempt
to count the stars in the heavens, or estimate the
"number of the dead," as to come to any accurate
and satisfactory opinion on the real amount of that
debt, or the extent of the liability which this govern-
ment would incur by a reckless assumption of it,
wholly in the dark, and without information. This
leap 1 am not prepared to make.
For these reasons, I cannot vote for the proposi-
tion of the Committee on Foreign Affairs; and as
my time is passing so rapidly that I shall not be
able to notice the various other plans, the one offer-
ed by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass,]
and the one by the gentlemanfrom Ohio, [Mr. Wr.i-
i.f.r,] and the one by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Tibbatts,] and the one by the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Belser,] and the one by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Robinson,] and various
others—sixteen in al), I believe—I will briefly say,
that each and every one of them is liable to one or
the other of the objections I have stated, or other
considerations growing out of the s^pjects to which
I have alluded. I cannot, therefore, Wotice them sul-
ly and separately.
All of them fall within the scope of my objec-
tions; and I pass on to what 1 proposed to do in the
second place; which was, to state what kind of a
proposition for annexation I would support, and
upon what terms and principles I would consent to
a union of Texas with this country. These, snV
are embodied and set forth in the plan submitted by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Milton
Brown;] and as that plan has been printed and laid
before members, and gentlemen can read its terms
at their leisure, if they are not already familiar with
them, I will not detain the committee by a recapitu-
lation. It proposes to admit Texas as a State at
once, and leaves her debts and her lands for her own
management, just as Georgia and other States, with
her debts and rich domain, came into the Union at
the formation of the government. Not only this, it
settles the slavery question. It leaves no door open
for future mischief, discord, and strife, from that
quarter. It leaves no prospect for another Missouri
agitation, which once came well nigh destroying the
government; but it quiets and puts to rest forever all
disturbance on that question, and that, too, upon the
terms of the compromise agreed upon on the admis-
sion of Missouri. With that the country is famil-
iar, and the people in all parts seem to be satisfied.
And, with this exposition, 1 shall say nothing fur-
ther upon that point, but will proceed to notice some
of the objections urged against the proposed action,
which apply to this plan as well as others. These
objections are of two classes: first, those which look
to the foreign, and, secondly, those which relate to
the domestic, aspect of the question. I shall speak
of each in their order.
First, of the foreign. And upon this view I wish
to be understood as paying no legard to the various
tieaties which gentlemen have said so much about.
I have nothing to say of the treaty of 1803, with
France, by which Louisiana was acquired, or
whether we did, by that treaty, actually get a good
title to any portion of the country west of the Sab-
ine or not. Nor shall 1 say anything of the treaty
of 1819, with Spain, by which we got the Floridas,
and agreed upon the Sabine as the boundary be-
tween us and the neighboring Spanish provinces ill
that quarter; or the treaty (of 1832) of amity with
Mexico, after the establishment of her independ-
ence. All these, I consider, have very little to
do with the real merits of the question. If wc
did get a good title to Texas by the treaty of
1803, we ccrtamly parted with it, by solemn
engagement, by the treaty of 1819. Nor am
I disposed to find fault with the treaty of 1819.
By it we got, in consideration of five millions of dol-
lars, and the relinquishment of a disputed elaim for
all west of the Sabine, a settlement for all east, and
the Floridas besides; which was a great acquisition
at that day. It was so considered by Mr. Monroe,
Mr. Calhoun, Mr. Wirt, and our own distinguished
and highly gifted Crawford—all southern men,
statesmen, and patriots. These all gave it their ap-
proval and sanction at the time; and I take it for
granted that the treaty,, under the circumstances,
was not only a good one, but highly advantageous
to the country. It was all-important for us to have
Florida; and I do not sec how we could well do
without it. But even if that treaty were not a good
one, we could not, in good faith, at tins time, go be-
yond it. We would be estopped by our own deed
and compact. That, therefore, I think, is out of
the question. Nor do 1 conceive that the treaty of
1832, between this country and Mexico, has much
more to do wtth the case. Has Texas acquired her
independence, and is she entitled to be considered
as one of the nations of the earth' This is the only
point, upon this view of the subject, entitled to con-
sideration. And I confess this aspect of the case,
in my opinion, has materially changed since this
question was first started. Then it is true, alter pro-
tracted and ineffectual efforts on the part of Mexico
to re-establish her authority, theie was no actual
war going on in Texas—no Jlat>rans helium raging
at the time. But the armistice which had for some
time been agreed upon, and by which hostilities
had been suspended, had just terminated, and a
proclamation had been made by Mexico for a re-
newal of hostilities. There was every reason to
expect that another effort -Would be made; and how
far, under such circumstances, it was just and proper
for this country to make herself a party to suth
war, as she would have done by taking Texas to
herself, and how far our national boi.or and national,
