312
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Com|.. ..2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Stephens.
H. of Reps.
good faith might have been involved in such course,
was a grave and important question, and well de-
serving the calm and serious consideration of our
government. A nation's honor and good faith are
of great value—above all price—and should not be
rashly sacrificed; they should be guarded, watched,
and defended, with prudence, wisdom, firmness,
and patriotism; and if error ever should be com-
mitted in regard to these, it seems to be the
safer course to let the error be in a leaning to the
side' of honor and good faith. But, apart from
this, it was a grave question, how far it was
discreet and proper for this country to involve
herself in a war, even if, in the eyes of all the world,
it should have been viewed right and justifiable,
when not in defence of her own citizens. War at
all times is a great evil; it is the ultima ratio regwn—
the last resort of nations forthe redress of grievances,
when argument and reason have failed; and while it
should never be shunned or avoided when the case
arises, it should never be courted in anticipation. All
these views were presented by the circumstances
when this agitation commenced; but since then we
have seen that Mexico has failed to act in accord-
ance with her proclamation; she has failed to renew
the war. Her Congress, it is reported, has failed
and refused to vote the necessary supplies—-justify,
ing the inference that she has abandoned the inten-
tion of making any further attempt to re-establish
her power and authority in Texas, and leaving the
present government in the possession of the undis-
puted sovereignty of that country, and fully author-
ized to be treated as other independent and sover-
eign powers. Nay, more; we see Mexico herself
now convulsed with internal revolutions; intestine
war now rages throughout her limits; and she
seems no longer able to maintain her own institu-
tions. The government in existence there so late as
last year has recently been overthrown. Divided
and torn to pieces by feuds and factions, she ap-
pears to-day much less stable, if not less capable of
maintaining her independence, than Texas. Anarchy
reigns throughout her borders, and it would be difficult
to say if she has any government at this time, either
de facto or de jure. Her claims, therefore, I am not
disposed any longer to regard. She is clearly hors
de combat, so far as the question is concerned; for if
Mexico has abandoned the war, or forfeited her
right by unreasonable delay, or has proved unable
to carry it on, Texas has certainly established her
independence, and is entitled to be considered and
acted towards as other independent nations. And if
this be so, of course our so considering and treating
her cannot interfere at all with the obligations of
our treaty of boundary and amity with Mexico.
The only inquiry, therefore, upon the foregoing as-
pect of the question is, whether Texas is now en-
titled to be considered one of the independent nations
of the earth? and, for my own part, 1 see no reason
why she should not be. As for England or Prance,
or other countries, and their feelings and wishes, 1
have nothing to say. They have nothing more to
do with the question than any other common inter-
meddlers in communities have to do with their
neighbors' negotiations. It is no business of theirs.
They have no right to say anything; and if they do,
they thereby become national intermeddlers, and
should be treated accordingly.
riut there is another class of objections, com-
prising those that grow out of the nature of our own
government; they are of a domestic character, and
concern ourselves. These are of a constitutional
origin, and deserve mature deliberation. It is said
that the proceedings now before us are unauthorized
by the fundamental law of the Union, and that we
have no power to act upon the subject as proposed.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Barnard] di-
rected his whole speech yesterday to this point, and
presented an argument which was highly compli-
mented by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mi.
Adams! for its force and ability. That gentleman
[Mr. B.] said that the House was proceeding "in
contempt of the constitution," and that the proposed
object was a "fraud" upon the constitution. These
strong expressions were repeated, and fell with em-
phasis from the gentleman; and I listened attentively
to his argument, to hear what masons he would of-
fer to sustain his assertion; for 1 held myself open
to conviction. And if I could see that the course I
intend to take was in contempt of the constitution, or
that I was about to commit & fraud—a "gross fraud"
were his words—upon its provisions, I should most
certainly abandon the project.
When I cast my eyes, Mr. Chairman, over the
Surface of the word, and survey the nations of the
earth, and see that the people of the United States
alone, of all the millions of the human family who
live upon the habitable globe, are really free, and
fully enjoy the natural rights of man; that all other
parts are dreary, wild, and waste; and that this is
the only green spot, the only oasis in the universal
desert—and then consider thatall this difference is ow-
ing to our constitution; that all our rights, and priv-
ileges, and interests are derived from and secured by
it, I am disposed to regard it with no trifling feelings
of concern and indifference. I£ is, indeed, the rich-
est inheritance ever bequeathed by patriot sires- to
ungrateful sons. I confess, I view it with rever-
ence; and, if idolatry could ever be excused, it
seems to me it would be in allowing an American
citizen a holy devotion to the constitution of his
country. Such are my feelings; and far be it from
me to entertain "sentiments in any way kindred to a
disregard for its principles, much less in contempt
for its almost sacred provisions.
But ho wish? Let us examine the matter. The
fentleman objects to the acquisition of territory, as
e calls it, by joint action of Congress, or by any act
of Congress in its legislative capacity.
His argument rested upon the assumption that
Congress, in its legislative character, could not ex-
ercise any power which was not expressly granted,
or such as might be necessary to carry out those
which were expressly granted; and that there was
no original substantive power granted in the consti-
tution for the acquisition of territory. This was
not one of the original designs in the formation of
the government, and was not one of the objects to
be attained, as specified in the constitution. He ad-
mitted that territory might be acquired, if it became
a necessary incident to the proper exercise of other
powers, such as the treaty-making power, &c.; but
denied that the present proceedings proposed to ex-
ercise it in that way, and therefore was unconstitu-
tional.
Now, suppose I grant his position and his pre-
mises entirely: does his conclusion, in reference to
the proposition I advocate, necessarily follow? Do
the resolutions of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Brown] propose to acquire territory'* We are
often misled by the use of words. Words, some
writer has said, are things; and much misapprehen-
sion, I think, has been produced by the terms used
in this debate. We have had "annexation," and
"reannexation," and "acquisition of territory," until
there is a confusion of ideas between the object de-
sired and the manner of obtaining it. To acquire,
conveys the idea of property, possession, and the
right of disposition. And to acquire territory, con-
veys the idea of getting the rightful possession of
vacant and unoccupied lands. If this be the sense in
which the gentleman uses it, I ask, does the plan of
the gentleman from Tennessee propose to do any
such thing? It is true, it proposes to enlarge and ex-
tend the limits and boundaries of our republic. But
how? By permitting another State to come into the
Union, with all her lands and her territory belong-
ing to herself. This government will acquire noth-
ing thereby,except the advantages to be derived from
the union. And, if I understand the. original sub-
stantial design of the constitution, the main object of
its creation, it was not to acquire territory, it is true,
but to form a Union of States, a species of con-
federacy; conferring upon the joint government
of the confederation, or union, the exercise of
such sovereign powers as were necessary for all
foreign national purposes, and retaining all others
in the States, or the people of the States, re-
spectively. This was the design, this was the ob-
ject of the constitution itself, which is but the enu-
meration of the terms upon which the people of the
several States agreed to join in the union, for the
purposes therein specified; and in this way all the
States came into it, Georgia among the rest, with
her rich western domain extending to the Mississip-
pi, outof which two States have since grown up, and
have been likewise admitted. When the govern-
ment was first formed, North Carolina and Rhode
Island refused to come in for some time. It was not
until after it was organized, and commenced opera-
tions by eleven of the States, that these two consent-
ed to become members of the Union. Could the
United States—those eleven which first started this
general government—be said to have acquired terri-
tory when North Carolina was admitted? or the
twelve, which composed the United States, when
Rhode Island came in? There was in each of those
cases an addition of a State, and enlargement of the
confederated republic, just as there will be if Texas
be admitted, as proposed by the gentleman from
Tennessee, but no acquisition of territory, in the
common acceptation of that term.
How far, and in how many ways, this govern-
ment can constitutionally acquire territory validly,
as I have explained, Mr. Chairman, I do not think a
pertinent inquiry at this time; but I have no hesita-
tion in saying, that I think it can be done in various
ways, ana without resorting to the exercise of inci-
dental powers. And upon this point the argument
of the gentleman from New York was strangely in-
consistent with itself; for he admittted that we could
constitutionally acquire and hold territory by the
right of discovery£and yet, where does he find this
power among those specified and expressly granted
in the constitution? I might ask, as did the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,] if it
was one of the original designs and objects in form-
ing our government "to go in quest of foreign
lands?" There is no such object stated, and no.such
power expressly given. And in the case the gentle-
man admitted, it strikes me that it would be hard to
point out the one to which it is even incident.
But, sir, I do not grant the position assumed by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Barnard.] I
have only been showing, that, if I were to grant it,
it would not affect my case. And I now state,' that
I believe nothing is clearer than that this govern-
ment can in various ways acquire territory, and that
this can be effected, if desired, by Congress in its
legislative capacity, and under one of the express
provisions of the constitution. This I do not ad-
duce in support of the proceedings I advocate, or to
show that they are constitutional; but barely to ex-
pose the fallacy of the argument of the gentleman
from New York.
I read in the second clause, latter part, of the tenth
section of the first article of the constitution, the fol-
lowing words:
"No State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay
any duty on tonnage; keep troops or ships of war in time
of peace; enter into any agreement or compact withaa-
other State, or with a foreign power," See.
Now, suppose Congress should, in its legislative
capacity, (for it could do so in no other way,) grant
its consent to Louisiana or Arkansas to enter into
an "agreement or compact" with Texas, or Mexi-
co, if you please, for the cession of certain territory
bordering upon those States, upon the conditions
that one-half of the unoccupied lands so ceded
should belong to the State making the negotiation,
and the other half to be ceded to the United States,
and to be held subject to the laws regulating her
other public domain; with the further condition,
that, so soon as the territory so ceded should be-
come sufficiently populated, it should be admitted as
one of the States into this Union: can any gentle-
man say that Congress has not got the power to
give such consent? And, if such consent should be
given, and such agreement and compact be entered
into, that Congress would not have, ir. that way,
most clearly, acquired territory in its legislative ca-
pacity, and that under an express provision of the
constitution?
But, as I said, I do not rely upon that view; I do
not and am not advocating that mode of proceeding.
I was only tracing the argument of the gentleman
from New York, who broadly denied any such
power to Congress. I do not propose, it will be
recollected, to acquire territory, as I understand it,
at all, but simply to admit a new State into the pres-
ent union of Suites. And the authority upon which
I rely is no forced construction, but the plain sim-
ple language of the constitution, which declares, in
the first clause, 3d section, 4th article, that— *
"New States may be admitted by Congress into this
Union; but no new SUte shall shall he foremed or erected
within the jurisdiction of any other State, nor any State be
formed by the junction of two or more States or parts of
Str.tes, without the consent of the legislatures of the States
concerned, as well as of Congress."
The terms here used are broad, unqualified
and unrestricted. "New States may be ad-
mitted by Congress into this Union." But
it is said that it was only meant by these
words to give the power to admit States
formed out of the territory of the United States,
and within their jurisdiction, and not to include a
foreign State. To this I might reply, that, it is the
fetUio pi'incipii—a begging of the question. Whether
that was the meaning and intention is the main in-
quiry; and, from the words used, no such inference
can be drawn. But the gentleman from New York
says he believes that that was the meaning and in-
tention; and, further, that he believes that, if any
other opinion had been entertained, the constitution
would never have been ratified. Well( sir,-his be^
