Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
313
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Stephens.
H. of Reps.
lief is not argument. I suppose that ever true Ma-
hometan verily believes that Christ was an impos-
tor. And I will do the gentleman from New York
the justice to admit that his faith is quite as strong;
but we are taught that we should not only believe,
but be able to give a "reason for the faith that is in
us." And here, again, I listened for the reasons of
the gentleman's faith, but heard nothing better than
a repetition of his belief.
Let us, then, examine the matter. If there is any
difficulty, we must look to the words, the objects,
and contemporaneous history. As to the words,
they are quite unambiguous. The term "State" is
a technical word, well understood at that time. ^ It
means a body politic—a community clothed with
all the powers and attributes of government. And
any State, even one of those growing up in the
bosom of our own territory, upon admission, may be
considered to some extent foreign. ForifitbeaState,
it must have a separate government; it must be a
political community of itself; it must have a govern-
ment separate from, and to some extent independ-
ent of, the Union. For if it be in the Union, then
it could not be admitted; that cannot be admitted in,
which is already in. And if it # a State, and out of
the Union, seeking admission, it must be considered
quo ad hoc to be foreign. Now, as to contempora-
neous and subsequent history. What relation did
North Carolina hold to the Union when it was first
formed? She refused to ratify the constitution, and
was most clearly out of it. The last article of the
constitution declared—
"The ratification of the conventions of nine States shall
be sufficient lor the establishment of this constitution be*
tween th« States so ratifying ''
But more than nine ratified; eleven did—leaving
North Carolina and Jthode Island out, as before
stated. The Union was formed, and the constitu-
tion established, for those that had ratified, and the
government proceeded to organization. North
Carolina was then certainly out of the Union. She
had the right and power to remain out. If she had,
would she not have been foreign to it? And conse-
quently, was she not foreign whenever the govern-
ment went into operation without her ratification?
The case of Vermont is more in point. She was a
separate and independent community, with a gov-
ernmentof her own. She was not even one of the
original revolting thirteen colonies. She had never
been united in the old confederation, and did not re-
cognise the jurisdiction of the United States.
[Mr. Collamer, of Vermont, interrupted, and
said, that Vermont did at that time fully recognise
the authority of the United States.]
Mr. Stephens. Yes, sir; but not over her. She
recognised the authority of the United States as we
do that of Franco or England, or any other foreign
power. She was a distinct, independent govern-
ment within herself. She had her own constitution,
her own legislature, her own executive, judiciary,
and military establishment, and exercised all the
faculties of a sovereign and independent State.
She had her own post office department, and revenue
laws and regulations of trade. The United States
did not attempt to exercise any jurisdiction overher.
The gentleman from Vermont says that New York
claimed jurisdiction over her,and finally gave her con-
Bent for the admission of Vermont as a State. This
is true. But Vermont did not recognise the juris-
diction of New York; she bade defiance to it. And
after years had rolled on in this situation, she
treated with New York a3 one sovereign treats with
another, and paid thirty thousand dollars to New
York, for a relinquishment of thatjurisdiction which
she would not allow to be exercised, and was then
admitted into the Union as one of the States. These
are the facts of that case. Again: from the con-
temporaneous history of the times, is it a violent
presumption to suppose that the convention, at the
time this clause of the constitution was inserted,
were looking to the probability of some of the other
British colonies throwing off the government of the
mother country, and uniting with us? We know
that the old articles of confederation had been
adopted with that view; for they contained an ex-
press provision that "Canada, acceding 10 this con-
federation, and joining in the measures of the United
States, shall be admitted into and entitled to all the
advantages of this Union; but no other colony shall
be admitted into the same, unless such admission be
agreed to by nine States."
And as we know that the object of the constitu-
tion was to remodel the Union, and large the powers
of Congress, as well as the general powers of the
government—and -«e find in the present constitution
the clause which it contains ill relation to the ad-
mission of new States, in lieu of the one just stated
in the articles of confederation—is it not reasonable
to suppose that the same idea was still retained, and
instead of requiring the consent of nine States, or
two-thirds, for the admission of any but Canada,
that it was the intention for the future to put them
all upon the same footing, and leave it with Con-
gress to admit them, if a case should arise? And
is it not presumable, that if the intention had been
to withdraw the privilege before extended to Cana-
da in express terms, it would have been done in
terms equally plain and explicit?
But again:" It has been said, that whatever Con-
gress does in its legislative capacity is of a munici-
pal character, and partakes of the nature of laws,
which are subject to repeal; that in this way one
Congress cannot bind another succeeding one; and
• that, though such a measure as is proposed might
be adopted this session, yet the next one might re-
peal it, and there is nothing in the constitution to
prevent it, &c. But is it true that Congress can do
nothing legislatively which is not municipal in its
nature, ana subject to repeal' It certainly is not.
So far from this being correct, I will venture to af-
firm that no action of Congress which proposes
terms to other parties can ever be constitutionally
repealed after the terms have been acceded to, and
rights and interests have thereby accrued. Besides
charters, we have a number of such acts. All our
acts relating to patents and land grants are of this
class. And how did this government become pos-
sessed of the fertile and extensive lands of Alabama
and Mississippi, but by legislative compact and
agreement with the State of Georgia, by which they
were ceded? And could that, oi any other similar
compact be repealed? And how does a legislative
compact between the government and a foreign
State so differ in its nature or municipal character
from a similar one with one of the States of the
Union, as to be entirely null and void, while the
latter remains good, effectual, and binding? But I
cannot dwell upon this.
Another objection offered is, that if Texas should
be admitted as a State, she could not be constitution-
ally represented on this floor and in the Senate for
some time; for the constitution declares that "no
person shall be a representative who shall not have
attained to the age of twenty-five years, and been
seven years a citizen of the United States," &.C., and
"no person shall be a senator who shall not have at-
tained to the age of thirty years, and been nine years
a citizen of the United States," &c. And as the peo-
ple of Texas are not citizens of the United States, it
would require seven and nine years respectively be-
fore members to the House and Senate could be
chosen, which is wholly inconsistent, it is said, with
the idea of the constitutional admission of her as a
State, But what is to be understood by these
clauses of the constitution? The gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole] yesterday said that they
applied only to naturalized foreigners; that residents
of foreign acquired territory, as in the case < f Lou-
isiana, became citizens immediately, without natu-
ralization; and' therefore these clauses of the consti-
tution did not refer to that class of citizens. This
may be a correct answer to the objection; but I have
another in my mind, which seems to me much more
satisfactory. It is founded in the nature of our gov-
ernment and the mea'n-ing of the term "United
States." What arc we to understand by the "Uni-
ted States?" No particular number of States, cer-
tainly, for an indefinite time; no particular, unvary-
ing national identity, as we speak of England or
France, but such States and such country as may be
united at any given time under the constitution.
The United States, at first, were but eleven, after-
wards thirteen, and now twenty-six; and to be a
citizen of the United States is to be a citizen of either
or any one ot them. All that is necessary to com-
ply with these requisitions of the constitution is,
that the member or senator, when he takes his seat,
shall have been a citizen of one of the States for the
time required. If Texas be admitted, as proposed,
she immediately becomes one of the United States;
and the member coming here, who shall have been
a citizen of that country for seven years, will, of
course, have been a citizen of one of the then United
States for the time required. This must have been
the case with North Carolina,and RhodeIsland,and
Vermont, before alluded to; for before North Caroli-
na came in, as I have said, the Union was formed,
the government was organized, and the United
States, as then formed under the constitution, were
well known. .North Carolina was not one of them:
she was a State to herself, with her own govern-
ment. When she consented to come in, and did
come in, she then became one of the United States;
and though her members had never been citizens of
the then government, yet they had been citizens of
one of those States which formed the government at
that time, and were constitutionally admitted. So
with Rhode Island afterwards; and particularly so
with Vermont. Her people never had been citizens
of the United States, and had never acknowledged
themselves to be citizens of either of the old thir-
teen States. And yet, when she was admitted, she
became one of the States of the Union; and her
people, who had been her citizens for seven and
nine years, had been citizens for those respective
terms of one of the United States, as they then ex-
isted. And so will it be with Texas and her citi-
zens, if she be admitted into the common fraternity
of States.
But I have not time to notice more of the objec-
tions. I have only glanced at the most prominent
of them; and 1 shall now briefly state some of the
reasons that induce me to favor annexation upon the
principles stated.
Ana, to begin negatively, I will state that I am
not at all influenced by the military view which
some gentlemen have with much earnestness pre-
sented. It will add but little strength, in my opin-
ion, to our southwestern border in that particular.
Such, at least, was the view entertained at the time
our claim was relinquished. The idea of an army
landing in Texas, and marching several hundred
miles, over her lowland, to attack the city of New
Orleans, I consider almost preposterous. Other
considerations apart, Texas has no ports of suffi-
cient depth of water at the bar to allow large ships
to enter, as we see by the report of the surveys of
the coast before us. Galveston is the best port, and
that has but twelve feet of water at the bar. A
man of war could never enter one of her harbors.
Neither am I much influenced by the pecuniary
advantages to be derived from the union of that
country with this—the benefits of trade, commerce,
&c. So far as these are concerned, the accession
will be to the interests exclusively of the North and
West. This section which I represent will have no
part or share in them. The North will have an en-
larged market for their manufactures, and will have
a new competitor in the field in the growth of the
raw material which she now has to buy, and by
which she will be enabled to get it cheaper. The
same with the West with their breadstuff's; while
the South will have nothing to sell to the people of
Texas, but will feel sorely her formidable competi-
tion in the production of cotton and sugar, her great
staples. If I looked -*o those views, therefore, only,
I should most certainly oppose it, in behalf of my
section; for I take it for granted that, notwithstand-
ing the same staples might and would be grown in
Texas, whether in the Union or out of it, yet they
would not be grown to such extent, and the whole
resources of the country would never be so speedily
and fully developed out of the Union, as they will
be if once brought within the wholesome influence
of our laws and institutions I am, however, influ-
enced by other considerations. These I will state.
In the first place, the people of that country are
mostly emigrants from this. They are of the Arae-
rico-Anglo-Saxon race. They are from us, and of
us; bone of our bone, and flesh of our flesh. Our
sympathies are with them; and they have an attach-
ment for our institutions and form of government,
and, in their struggles for the establishment of the
same, it is but natural that we should be disposed to
extend them a helping hand, though our individual
interest may not thereby advanced.
Again: I consider it important that the cotton and
sugar growing interests of this continent, as far as
possible, should be subject to the same laws—to pre-
vent undue advantages, secured by treaty, separate
regulations of trade, or otherwise, in the markets of
the world. If Texas should remain out of the
Union, and a rivalship should spring up there to the
staples of the South, our interests might be greatly
injured by regulations with other countries, partial
to theirs, and discriminating against ours.- This
cannot be, if the whole be made subject to the same
laws and policy. Again: a large section of that coun-
try lies upon navigable waters flowing into the Mis-
sissippi, and must always seek a market through
the outlet of that river. More than three hundred
thousand dollars' worth of cotton, produced in Tex-
as year before last, was shipped from New Orleans;
first paying a duty upon entering the limits of out-
country, and then being entitled to the drawback
