Jan. 1845. 
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31S
Jlnnexation of Texas—Mr. Marsh.
H. of Reps.
coincidences between the entrance of gentlemen up-
on delicate topics and the fall of the Speaker's ham-
mer. It has happened repeatedly, in the course of
■ this debate, that gentlemen have been prematurely
cut off in the very flower of their eloquence, just at
the commencement of a conclusive argument in sup-
port of the expediency of annexation; and I much
fear this unhappy horary limitation will deprive us
altogether of the opportunity of hearing that branch
of this great question discussed. In one of the notes
to the gentleman's speech, it is said that his remarks
upon the North were intended to have special refer-
ence to the New England States, or rather to Mas-
sachusetts; and, for the sake of that ancient, and,
until now, reputable commonwealth, it is much to
be lamented that the honorable gentleman was not
allowed time to make out his balance sheet, and
show us what precise amount of credit she is enti-
tled to for revolutionary services, for the ingenuity
of her degenerate sons—the vulgar artificers of the
East—111 fabricating brogans, Kentucky jeans, ne-
gro cloths, cotton gins and bagging, wooden clocks
and wire mousetraps, as well as for their punctuality
in paying southern gentlemen for their cotton and to-
bacco. As it is, however, Massachusetts must be
content to wear sackcloth and sit in darkness, con-
soling herself as she may, by dreaming of the gen-
tleman's unspoken eulogy, until some more auspi-
cious and longer hour shall enable him to bestow
upon her the cheering encouragement of such just
measure of commendation as, upon strict and im-
partial scrutiny, he shall adjudge her to merit.
I regret, sir, that, instead of indulging in a course
of remark calculated neither to convince nor to per-
suade, the gentleman had not thought proper to give
us the assistance of his eminent talents in discuss-
ing the question of expediency. We should then
have had this point presented in the faiiest light;
foi 1 give the gentleman credit for the ability to make
the most of the argument; and I am persuaded that
his frankness and sincerity would have scorned to
skulk from an avowal of the reasons which are most
conclusive in the minds of the zealous and influen-
tial advocates of annexation.
The history of the State which I, with my col-
leagues, have the honor to represent, has been ap-
pealed to m a manner which seems to call for some
notice on the part of her delegation.
It has been assumed, with great apparent confi-
dence, that the admission ofVermont to the Ameri-
can Union is a parallel case to the proposed annexa-
tion of Texas, and therefore sanctions that measure
by the authority of a venerable precedent. But
there is not the smallest analogy between the cases.
A sufficient distinction is to be found m the single
fact, that, by the treaty of 1783, which recognised
the independence and fixed the boundaries of the
Union, the United States claimed, and Great Brit-
ain conceded to them, jurisdiction over the territory
of Vermont. The United States never surrendeied
this claim, or recognised the independence of Ver-
mont, and her admission was merely the erection of
a portion of the territoiy of the United States into a
confederate State. Thus far, then, the case is not
distinguishable in principle from that of the States
afterwards formed m the northwest territory; and
the fact that, in the latter case, the soil was the prop-
erty of the nation, is unimportant; because the right
ot jurisdiction and territory is independent of the
fee, and may and often does exist without it. But
the argument by no means rests on the single fact
alone to which I have adverted. The territory of
Vermont was originally claimed by both New
Hampshire and New York. New Hampshire had
made extensive grants of land ill the disputed dis-
trict before it was detei mined by royal ordinance in
1767 to belong to New York. New York then at-
tempted to set aside the grants which had been made
by New Hampshire. This was resisted by the
grantees, who, however, were willing to submit to
the jurisdiction of New York, provided the New
Hampshire grants weie. confirmed. The jurisdic-
tion of New York was in fact extended over the ter-
ritory m question. Counties were organized, and
courts established, by the provincial legislature of
IVew York, and delegates were sent to that body by
the people of these new counties. It w^s only upon
the often-repeated refusal of New York to recognise
the validity of the New Hampshire grants, and her
dissent from the resolutions of the. Provincial Con-
gress of 1774, that the inhabitants of Vermont re-
solved to declare themselves independent.
The first resistance to the authority of the royal
eourts within the jurisdiction of New York took
place in the New Hampshire grants, and was oc-
casioned by the dissatisfaction of the inhabitants of
the grants with the refusal of New York to adopt
the resolutions of the Provincial Congress. (Thomp-
son's Civil History of Vermont, 28.) Vermont
thus early gave proof of her attachment to the
principles and cause of American liberty, and the
Green Mountain boys, to whom Ticonderoga sur-
rendered in 1775, acted, as their heroic commander
declared, under "the authority of the great Jehovoh
and the Continental Congress." As an integral
part of the State of New York, Vermont was a
member of the confederation, and through the whole
revolutionary struggle she recognised the authori-
ty of Congress, and annually renewed her ap-
plication to that body for admission into the
Union. (Vermont State Papers, 63, 64, 67, 69,
70, 72, 73, and elsewhere.) The constitution
adopted by Vermont in 1777 provides for the
election of delegates to Congress, (ibid 248,) as
does also that revised by her Council of Censors in
1785, (ibid 521, 526.) Various acts of the legisla-
ture provided for the punishment of treason against
the United States, (ibid 293, 413, 414, 415.) By
resolutions of Congiess, on the 7th and 20th (or
21st) of August, 1781, the faith of that body was
pledged to the admission of Vermont, (ibid 157,
159, see also a report of a committee of Congress,
ibid 170, 171.) Vermont acceded to the conditions
impesed by those resolutions, by the advice of Gen.
Washington, (ibid 167, 1C8, 169;) and though Con-
gress most unjustifiably refused to redeem the
pledge, yet the resolutions of the 7th and 20th of
August, 1781, and the acceptance of their conditions
by Vermont, must be considered as constituting a
compact, which either party had a right to enforce.
The phraseology of the constitution was altered, as
we learn from the Madison Papers, by substituting
the word "jurisdiction" for "limits," for the very
purpose of meeting the case of Vermont. The ap-
plication of Vermont for admission to the Union
was renewed soon after the adoption of the federal
constitution, and, the only obstacle which had ever
existed being removed by the formal consent of
New York, she was admitted at the same time and
upon the same principles as Kentucky, and the ob-
ligations of the general government were thus at
length, though tardily, fulfilled.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Kennedy]
remarked, in his very able speech, a very important
fact, which is entirely conclusive in regard to the
views of all parties as to the relation in which Ver-
mont stood to the Union. Her senators and repre-
sentatives were immediately admitted to their seats;
whereas, if she had been considered as a foreign
territory up to the time of her admission, they would
have wanted the constitutional qualification of nine
and seven years' citizenship, respectively.
It is, therefore, perfectly clear that the supposed
analogy between the case of Veimont and that of
Texas is entirely mistaken. I am aware that an at-
tempt may be made to get over the objection to the
admission of Texa^ upon the ground of the consti-
tutional provision to which 1 have just adverted by
arguments drawn from a singular and analogous
feature of the institutions of Texas. Naturalization
and citizenship there, it is said, may be acquired
without a renunciation of allegiance to the United
States, and Texas may be immediately represented
by persons now owing fealty to both countnes.
But the law of nations recognises no such divided
allegiance. Naturalization m a foreign State, with-
out any formal renunciation of allegiance to the na-
tive sovereignty, is expatriation, and, ipso fac.ln,
works a forfeiture of all the rights of native citizen-
ship. The acquisition of political franchises under
a new sovereignty necessarily implies their extinc-
tion under the old. Allegiance is of necessity en-
tire, and no man can be at once the subject of two
supreme and independent jurisdictions. Texas,
therefore, if admitted as a State, must remain un-
represented in both branches of the national legisla-
ture until the constitutional term of citizenship°shall
shall have expired, unless she chooses (what we
have no right to assume in this argument) to be rep-
resented by persons who shall migrate thither from
the United States after her admission.
It has been said that Vermont acted not only as
an independent, but as a hostile power, by negotia-
ting an armistice and an alliance with Great Britain
during the revolutionary war. It is a sufficient an-
swei to any argument founded on this fact, that it is
now historically certain that these negotiations weie
a mere stratagem to induce the British to suspend
hostile operations against the northern frontier; and
a recently discovered correspondence between the
authorities of Vermont and General Washington
shows that they were carried on with his knowl-
edge and approbation. I may safely challenge the
annals of diplomacy to produce an instance where
dexterity in negotiation has obtained more, and
given, or even promised less, than in this most con-
summate politic stratagem, which paralyzed for
three campaigns the hostile force of an army of ten
thousand men, and thereby both secured the north-
ern frontier and left the continental army free to act
against the enemy in the southern portion of the con-
federacy. The occasional open threats of secession
on the part of Vermont were mere artifices to give
color, in the eyes of the British, to the sincerity of
the negotiation, and at the same time to alarm Con-
gress into a compliance with her just and reasona-
ble demands; and there was never a moment when
the public authorities of the State ceased to entertain
both the desire and the expectation of ultimate ad-
mission to the Union. It is not to be denied that the
persevering refusal of Congress to fulfil its own sol-
emn engagements and to recognise the rights of Ver-
mont as ail independent member of the confederacy,
produced great irritation, and that influential indi-
viduals were sometimes almost provoked into a de-
termination to secede altogether from the common
cause. But, so far as the argument from precedent
is concerned, the real question is, not what were the
purposes and views of leading men, or even of the
constituted authorities of Vermont, but upon
what principle did Congress act? Not whether the
people of Vermont held themselves to be not only
a sovereign and independent, but also a foreign
State, but whether Congress, in admitting the State,
considered itself as treating with a foreign power,
or as creating a new member out of territory within
its rightful original jurisdiction. The question, in-
deed, was not discussed, but the whole history of
the transaction—the facts of the case—show that
Congress did not look upon Vermont as, to all in-
tents and purposes, a foreign State.
1 repeat, then, there is no analogy between the
case of Vermont and this of Texas; and gentlemen
who claim for Congress the power in question will
be driven to derive it from the naked words of the
constitution. But, sir, I do not purpose to enterup-
on the constitutional question further than as the his-
tory of ray own State may tend to elucidate it, and I
shall confine the remainder of my remarks to the
simple question of expediency.
1 cannot agree with the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Dean] that the constitutional power is the on-
ly question in the case, because it is not to me, as it
is to his clearer intuition, a self-evident proposition
that the annexation of Texas would be a blessing.
I can conceive an enlargement of territory, bur-
dened with incumbrances, oi attended by conditions,
which would render it a curse; and this seems to me
very clearly one of those cases where the onuspro-
bandi lies upon the affirmative, both as regards the
legality and the expediency of the measure.
As I have already said, either that unlucky ham-
mer, or some secret misgivings, prevent gentlemen
from giving us the argument on this point, and we
are left to gather it partly from broken and myste-
rious hints here, and partly from certain declarations
promulgated last year from the court end of the
avenue, with the solemnity of oracular authority,
and with more than oracular distinctness. The ar-
gument, then, compiled from these various sources,
divides itself into four propositions. I say four, sir,
because the reasons assigned for the annexation of
Texas, on grounds of military security, are too
weak and puerile to impose for a moment on any
man possessed of the smallest notions of the princi-
ples of strategy. General Jackson, whose authority
is relied upon as a decisive on this point, however
brave as a soldier, or skillful as a tactician, has never
given any evidence of strategical talent. Besides, it
is said that General Jackson himself, twenty-five
years ago, when in the full enjoyment of unimpair-
ed mental faculties, declared the possession of Tex-
as unimportant in a military point of view; and I
appeal from General Jackson m decrepitude to Gen-
eral Jackson in the vigor of his intellect.
But it is said that the annexation of Texas will,
first, promote the cause of emancipation in the
northernmost sslaveholdmg States; and Delaware
Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky, and perhaps North
Carolmia and Tennessee, will soon become free
States. Secondly, it will enlarge American com-
merce, and furnish a vast market for the sale and
consumption of northern manufactures. Thus far
annexation is a northern question. Thirdly, it will
extend the erea of freedom- This is a hybrid ques-
