316
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Marsh.
H. of'Reps.
tion, and northern or southern, according to the
position of the spectator with regard to Mason and
Dixon's line. Fourthly, and lastly, it will extend,
fortify, and perpetuate the peculiar institution—the
especial pride and glory of the South. In this point
of view it is strictly a southern question, unless gen-
tlemen can make out by argument—what some of
them are disposed to assume without—that the Union
is bound by constitutional guaranties to aid them in
maintaining the institution of slavery, and propa-
gating its blessings through regions where it is now
unhappily unknown.
I have a word to say on this matter of expediency,
in each of its aspects.
But let me remark, in passing, that I seem to see
something of inconsistency in the action of some
southern gentlemen. Slavery, they tell us, is not
merely a convenience and an advantage to the mas-
ter, but a blessing to the slave; ,and yet they advo-
cate annexation because it tends to promote eman-
cipation in the northernmost slaveholding State3.
But if slavery be morally a good, and practically a
blessing, you are criminal in promoting emancipa-
tion. Again, they say the superior attractions of
the Texian climate and soil will induce a rapid emi-
gration thither from the South, and the competition
in the growth of cotton and sugar will ruinously
depreciate the value of southern plantations. What
anomalous patriotism is this, which is content to
purchase the prosperity of a foreign country by the
depopulation and impoverishment of its native land.
We are told, also, that Texas will increase our
commerce, and enlarge the market for domestic
manufactures; and the wheels that drive the jennies
and looms of the North are threatened with stop-
page by the backwater of fraudulent importations of
British goods, through the accommodating agency
of philanthropic and virtuous Texas. It is singular
that this argument should come from the lips of
those who denounce, in the same breath, the north-
ern manufacturers as a band of robbers; and, as a
manufacturer, I own I am a little jealous of this
new-born zeal in behalf of interests even now so fu-
riously assailed from the very same quarter.
Perhaps, sir, some subtle advocate of annexation,
by the aid of a faculty in which I profess myself de-
ficient—a faculty which has been said to constitute
the essence of wit, and which is, at any rate, a pre-
rogative of genius—the perception, namely, of ob-
scure relations—may be able to reconcile these seem-
ing incongruities; but, in the mean time, and until
better advised, I, a poor spinner and weaver, shall
look upon the new friends of my interests with some
distrust.
In regard to the first point—the probable influence
of annexation upon negro emancipation—I do not
pretend to such a knowledge of the present condi-
tion of the slave question in the northern slavehold-
ing States, as to render me a competent judge; but I
know that judicious southerners, friends, too, of an-
nexation, look for no such result. I have seen no
argument conclusively, or even probably, establish-
ing that consequence. So far as I have observed, no
southern gentleman on this floor has hazarded the
opinion that it will have any such tendency; and
even were I convinced that it would, I am not clear
that this is not the precise case where it is not law-
ful to do evil that good may come. This much is
certain and evident to all men*, the immediate effect
of the measure would be the territorial extension of
the system, and therefore increased space, opportu-
nity, and incitement to the multiplication of its ob-
jects. You have, then, an immediate and certain in-
crease of what all northern men agree in considering
as an evil, while the alleged corresponding good is
problematical in any event—m all events contingent
and remote. This, therefore, is a ground upon
which no northern man will honestly advocate the
annexation of Texas. ,
As to the second point—the incidental en-
couragement to our manufactures—though we
shall not be wanting in gratitude to our south-
ern brethren for any sincere manifestation of in-
terest in our welfare, we prefer to be permitted to
reeulate that matter for ourselves, and to dispose of
our wares in markets of our own selection. Even
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Yancey] al-
lows us something of shrewdness—perhaps 1 ought
rather to use an humbler phrase, say of instinctive
sagacity in the base mechanical concerns of the filthy
lucre of gain—and we are some how or other pos-
sessed with a notion that our manufacturing interests
will not be much strengthened by Texian patronage,
whether in the wav of legislation or purchase. We
$re not well advised what their views may be on the
great question of legislative protection to domestic
industry; and in spite of the encouraging declaration
that the Anglo-Saxon race which has overrun Tex-
as "is essentially a debt-paying as well as a land-
stealing people," we are haunted by reminiscences
of outstanding accounts for goods sold and deliver-
ed, against persons residing not exactly in Texas,
but thereabouts; and we are pestered with doubts in
regard to the punctuality of that interesting commu-
nity in the matter of payment. "Base is the slave
that pays," was rather a favorite maxim with some
of them while citizens of the United States, and we are
not yet sufficiently certified that a somewhat hasty
emigration has increased their means or improved
their morality. It has been somewhere hinted,
(though, as well as I remember, not urged here,) that
the southern people expect some commercial advan-
tage, in the way of readier sale or increased price
of a' merchandise peculiarly their own, which shall
here be nameless; and I believe it is well known
that the purchase of Louisiana added very greatly
to the value of that species of property. What
weight this consideration may have with any of the
advocates of annexation I pretend not to determine,
but it is at least a view of the subject which cannot
be expected to strengthen the measure very material-
ly at the North.
We now come to the argument which is most fre-
quently used, and perhaps with the greater effect for
its equivocal signification. The annexation of Tex-
as will extend the area of freedom. It was beauti-
fully said by Sir Humphrey Davy, "the broader the
sphere of light, the more extensive will be the
boundary of darkness by which it is surrounded."
It is perhaps to a sort of inversion of this remark
that we owe this argument, for in no other sense
can the incorporation within our jurisdiction
a country already as free as our own, and the
consequent diffusion of slavery through all its
vast borders, be said to extend the limits of free-
dom. It is an argument addressed to the ear and not
the i'>'derstanding—a mere jmgle of words without
meaning, or, if significant, false in the only sense
which the words will fairly bear.
But some gentlemen would have us believe that a
generous and disinterested desire for the extension
of the blessings of American freedom is the only
motive which inspires their zeal in the cause of an-
nexation. For this the extreme South is willing to
deprive itself of its barrier against the encroachments
of the fanatic spirit of abolitionism, by the emanci-
pation of the slaves in the northern slaveholding
States, thus narrowing the area of southern freedom
on the one hand, for the sake of extending it on the
other; for this, it is ready to waste and depopulate
itself, that it may pour plenty and prosperity into
the lap of its neighbor: for this, it is prepared to as-
sume a debt of unknown millions—to engage m a
causeless war with a friendly nation—to exasperate
and alienate at least one-half the free people of this
great republic—to incur the scorn of the Christian
world. What unheard-of and self-sacrificing mag-
nanimity is this! Gentlemen, who lend a believing
ear to such professions as these, must haye greater
confidence than I in the sincerity of politicians.
But the swift progress of the index of our
Shrewsbury clock warns me that it is time to turn
my attention to the real point at issue, and to state
openly, what all men know, that, with the origina-
tors and leading advocates of the measuie, it is hon-
estly and simply a struggle for political power. The
annexation of Texas is desired by southern poli-
ticians because the half dozen States to be carved
out of it will long serve as a counterpoise to the
growing strength of the North. They expect the
system of slavery, with its constitutional basis of
representation, to be extended over Texas, and are
prepared to share with that country whatever of
good or evil may accrue from its incorporation into
the American Union. 1 beg not to be understood
as charging upon the whole people of the South a
selfish desire to strengthen themselves at the cost of
the North. No doubt a very large portion of that
population honestly believe, that while annexation
would beneSt both them and Texas, it would not
essentially injure the North; and were the question
unmixed with considerations of political power, I
should have great respect for their opinion, however
feeble, hollow, and inconsistent the arguments by
which their representatives support the measure.
But I claim the same charity for those whom I rep-
resent, and expect to be believed, when I assert that
the people of the North oppose annexation because
they consider it a flagrant violation of our constitu-
tional law, the law of nations, the moral law, fraught
with unmixed mischief, and productive of no possi-
ble good; or, in other words, as unwise, unprofitable,
unjust. The chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs has told us that this is, indeed, emphat-
ically a southern question, a matter of mere local in-
terest, a question of slavery, a question of bounda-
ry; and he reminded us (I believe, however, he lim-
ited this reminiscence to the democracy of the
North) with what magnanimity the generous people
of the South allowed Massachusetts and Maine to
settle their boundary question in their own way, and
he called upon his inends to requite that generosity
by allowing the South to settle" this boundary ques-
tion in such manner as to suit its own convenience.
This is choice rhetoric, and it is a pity to lessen the
effect which it might produce by an examination of
the parallelism between the eases. But it is worth
while to notice that the northeast boundary dispute
was a question of the surrender of territory; this of
Texas a question of its extension; and it is hardly
fair to ask us to repay the magnanimity which free-
ly suffered us to alienate our territory and diminish
our political strength, by consenting to a vast addi-
tion to the power and resources of our brethren, at
a direct and immediate cost of millions to ourselves,
to say nothing of our other objections to the
scheme. Had it been a question of the acquisition
of Canada, instead of the surrender of a coiner of
Maine, I am not sure that our friends would have
been quite so high-minded; and I think 1 am war
ranted in saying that, if they succeed in annexing
Texas, their magnanimity in regard to further ac-
quisitions of northern territory may very likely be
soon put to the test.
A gentleman from Alabama, who addressed the
House on this subject at the last session, put the
acquisition of Texas on the ground of overruling
necessity, as thus: The constitution had guarantied
the institution of slavery, with all its incidents, to
the South; the rights of slaveholders were menaced
and endangered by the machinations of northern
abolitionists; and the acquisition of Texas being the
only sufficient means of maintaining this most
sacred guaranty of the constitution, annexation was
a matter of indispensable necessity, and therefore,
by the suprema lex, lawful. Substantially the same
ground was taken by the Corypheus of Carolinian
statesmanship in a celebrated correspondence, the
frankness of which I admire, though not seeing
much cause to approve its motives, its temper, or its
logic. It becomes, then, essential to determine how
far annexation is indispensable to the security of
southern institutions, and, if so, how far the Union
is bound by constitutional guaranties to maintain
them. It is with no small reluctance that I enter
upon the discussion of this fourth point; and I do
so only because I hold it to be the very gist of the
case, the real question of combined duty and expe-
diency, upon which the whole controversy, apart
from the disputed point of constitutional power, ne-
cessarily hinges. If you would persuade us to the
sacrifices of interest and feeling which the annexa-
tion of Texas implies, you must clearly convince us
that what you declare to be the very instinct of self-
preservation, the supreme law of nature for you,
is also a law of duty for us. In regard to this ques-
tion of security, self-preservation, if you please, the
people of the South ought indeed to be the best
judges of the actual necessity; and, as i have said
upon another point, if this were all the question,
with no admixture of considerations of political
power and personal aggrandizement, their opinions
would be almost conclusive, so far as the matter of
fact goes. I shall not undertake to determine what
are the necessary conditions for the continuance of
the system of domestic slavery; but this I say, with
no fear of contradiction, that in the present stage of
the argument, however gentlemen may find it con-
venient to reason by way of cheating their own
consciences, or excusing themselves to their con-
stituents, no northern man believes that the fireside
security of the South, or the privileges intended to
be permanently secured to it by the constitution,
will be strengthened by the annexation of Texas.
We all understand, that if you should ever be en-
dangered by the growing strength of your colored
population, you would look for succor elsewhere
than to Texas.
I am bound to admit that the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Holmes] has stated the argu-
ment grounded on the apparent necessity of greater
space for the expansion of the rapidly increasing
celored population of the South, with amorce and
effect calculated not only to-influence the South, but
even to startle the North. But the annexation ot
