Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess
APPENDIX f 0 I'HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfi.
§19
French Spoliations—Mr. Archer.
Senate.
nunciations of northern men and northern interests
on thifj floor, and by other causes not necessary to
be specified. Ambitious and designing men have
taksn advantage of this state of feeling for corrupt
and selfish purposes; and, by the usual arts of the
demagogue, have converted a just and honest im-
pulse into a wild and reckless fanaticism. The prin-
ciple of election by plurality, now of extensive ap-
plication, has made it an object for each of the great
political parties to encourage the growth of this new
division at the expense of the other. But in this,
as In many other cases, the open policy of the
whigs has been foiled by the more dexterous strata-
gems of their opponents; and the consequence is,
that the liberty party, whose rank and file consists
almost entirely of whigs, is controlled in its action
by leaders fr«m the other side. Its members have
quite lost sight of their original motives, and exist
but as a factious intrigue.
By all these causes a state of things has been
produced upon which the coolest patriot cannot look
without alarm; and the annexation of Texas, if
consummated, will add ten-fold to the madness of
the passion which the artifices of bad men have ex-
cited to almost ungovernable fury. Some gentle-
men find a ready panacea for the impending evils,
which seem inseparable from this subject, in the
dissolution of the Union, They would divide this
goodly confederacy, and carve out of it two, three,
or four independent republics, or, it may be, em-
pires, as if a body politic were like the polypus,
which multiplies by division. But have gentlemen
weighed the practical difficulties which attend tins
measure? Have they definitively settled where the
lines shall be drawn? Are they quite sure that the
northernmost slaveholding States are prepared, in
case of division, to make common cause with the
extreme South? Have they determined the propor-
tions in which the public property and the public
liabilities shall be divided* Do they remember that
the public domain—that, inexhaustible source of na-
tional wealth—lies chiefly in the free States and
Temtoiies? and is it safe to calculate tluit the strong
man m possession will yield to his weaker brother a
right which he is unable to enforce? Have they for-
gotten the old question in respect to the right of
those who inhabit the valley of a navigable river to
follow its current to the ocean? Is it certain that
the mighty West, connected as she is with both the
North and the South by vital bonds—arteries which
it is death to sever—will, in any event, permit a dis-
solution'' What hope is there that such questions
an these can ever be settled by any arbiter but the
ultima ratio of national and, in case of war between
the North and the South, who will protect the fire-
side of the southerner against his fearful domestic
enemy, while the father and the husband marches
to the northern frontier, to imbrue his hands in the
blood of his brother?
Again: arc gentlemen prepared to risk the moral
and political effect of the self-immolution of tins
mighty empire—this model republic? Do they not
know that the first step towards dissolution, the fiist
outbreak of violence, will be hailed by the vultures
of Europe as a token that their prey awaits them,
and as a signal of a richer partition than the dis-
memberment of Poland?
Sir, I have barely touched, not exhausted, a single
branch of this vast argument. I would gladiy look
at this question of expediency in other and less deli-
cate aspects, to say nothing of the portentous con-
sututiooal obstacles which inexorably forbid the ac-
complishment uf this measure. It would, for in-
stance, be an easy matter to show, as the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Hamlin] hinted, that by annihi-
lating the sovereignty, destroying the political indi-
viduality, appropriating the resomces, and assuming
the ultimate dominion of the soil of Texas, yon le-
gally and morally incur all her unknown liabilities
—not her pecuniary and liquidated debt only, but
her obligations for revolutionaiy services, and for
indemnification for twice granted lands, her pension
list, present and futme, and all the thousand claims
which will .spring up against her the moment you
become her paymaster. But, sir, mine hour is
come. I must surrender this vast subject to abler
hands; and I dismiss it with the repeated declaration
that while we of the North repudiate and disclaim
all purpose of impairing the moral or legal rights of
of tfee South, we are yet resolved that the extension
and perpetuation of an evil which is its misfortune
should not be our fault.
SPEECH OF MR. ARCHER,
of virginia,
In Senate, February> 1845—on the subject of French
spoliations prior to 1800, in reply to Mr. Mc-
Duffie.
Mr. Archer said he was extremely concerned
that he should be placed in a position which con-
strained him to say a few words—and a very few
words they should be—upon the bill now under the
consideration of the Senate. These claims had been
submitted to the Committee on Foreign Relations-
Having no knowledge himself of any of the claim-
ants, and none of them coming from that part of the
country in which he lived, he had asked the honor-
able gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Choate]
who represented the region of country where these
claims are mostly found, to do him the favor to re-
port this bill to the Senate—the committee having
concurred in it—and to take upon himself the office
of introducing it with the proper explanatory re-
marks. Although he (Mr. A.) was absent at the
time, he understood that his friend from Massachu-
setts had given an exposition of the merits of the
case with a clearness and force that carried convic-
tion to the minds of the Senate, and passed the bill
to its third reading. He should therefore have ab-
stained fiom setymg a word, but that silence on his
part might seem to import disapproval of the claims
of the petitioners, and look like opposition, if he
forebore to add his concurrence to the testimony
which had been rendered in their favor by the hon-
orable senator from Massachusetts.
This matter appeared to him to lie within a very
narrow compass; but before he proceeded to state
its merits, it was proper that he should remove the
difficulties which had been thrown in the way of the
consideration of the leal case, by the observations
of the honorable senator from South Carolina, [Mi.
McDuffie] The Senate might draw an inference
m regard to the correctness with which the honora-
ble senator had pursued his investigations in relation
to this subject from this fact.
He [Mr. McDuffie] stated the other day, and
he had stated it to-day, in a tone somewhat trium-
phant, that he could find no names of the memori-
alists—no real claimants interested m this bill: de-
signing to intimate that the applicants here were in
reality mere men of straw.
Now, he would only have to ask the honorable
senator to go with him down to the committee room
on Foreign Relations to show him in reference to
this very class of petitions, and one other class in
reference to Texas, so great a number of applications
signed by living men, that he (Mr. A.) had been
led to say, jocularly, the Senate would have to order
an addition to the committee room.
[Mr. McDuffie said he could assure the honor-
able gentleman that he had had the clerks of the
two Houses on the search, and that they had come
back and reported to him that all the petitions had
been taken away, or could not be found. He was
glad to hear he was mistaken.]
Mr. Archer resumed. The honorable senator
could have access at discretion to these petitions;
and, he ventured to say, if he [Mr. McDuffie]
chose to avail himself of the indulgence now pro-
posed to be accorded to him, that he would find the
multitude of these petitions and petitioners so large,
that he would fail to prosecute the inquiry which he
now seemed disposed to make.
The honorable senator from Massachusetts had
informed the Senate that there were more than 900
of these memorialists; and in connection with that
remark, the senator from South Carolina supposed
that this case was not analogous at all to the case of
widows and orphans coming here to solicit the jus-
tice of this government, but was in the hands of
speculators entirely. It was a case, on the contrary,
in which, from the, lapse of time, there could br: few
other applicants than widows and orphans. Did
they solicit charity at the hands of the government
of the United States? Not at all; they only asked
that the government should render justice to them.
Many of them had been reduced to want by the
long denial of this justice. Whilst the honorable
senator [Mr. McDuffie] was in the prosecution of
his remarks, his (Mr. A.'s) honorable friend before
him [Mr. Bates] said he could tell the senator from
South Carolina who was one of the participators m
this appeal, and where that claimant was at this
very day to be found. Where was it? In one of
the poorhouses of Massachusetts; and reduced to
that state by the denial of thatjustice which he now
claims at the hand3 of the government of the United
States!
He (Mr. A.) had no sort of doubt that there were
others existing in the same deplorable condition,
and from the very same cause—the denial of justice to
them.
The honorable senator from South Carolina said:
Where are the evidences of these claims? and where
are you to find guards against abuse and fraud if
they are to be settled by commissioners, which is
the mode proposed in the present bili? Did any
man ever hear before, that it was an objection to the
institution of a commission like this, that the evi-
dence had not been brought forward in the hall of
the Senate chamber? What was the power awarded
to this commission? Nothing more than this—that
the petitioners should be allowed to produce their
evidence before a legal tribunal, which they ask you
to institute for that very purpose. •
And then the honorable senator finds out that there
cannot be any propriety in this, because the peti-
tioners are not to come here with their long rolls of
parchment, which would absolutely fill this hall, in
evidence of the equity of their claims. As to the
subject of guards, in the event of the institution of
this commission, against fraud upon the govern-
ment, he would tell the honorable senator from
South Carolina what was the guard—and a most ef-
fectual guard it was—against fraud of any kind in
relation to this matter. What was it these claim-
ants say we owe them? Twelve million dollars.
And what does the bill propose to award them?
Fve million dollars. He could tell the honorable
senator that the guard against the establishment of
any doubtful claim was to be found in the interest
of the real against the fraudulent claimant.
[Here Mr. Buchanan^ from his seat, suggested
another consideration of the same nature.]
His honorable friend near him suggested a
stronger moda of expressing that sentiment. He
said very truly that all the claimants in this case
would be combined against each claimant before the
board of commissioners. From the very nature of
their position, such would inevitably be the fact.
Here was a case (said the honorable senator from
South Carolina) without a tittle of evidence. With-
out evidence? Had it not the highest of all the ac-
knowledged foims of evidence? and what was that?
The rccords of the history of this country, to be
found among the archives of the government. That
was the evidence they adduced in the foundation of
their claims. They do not say they will pro-
duce the ship papers as evidence of capture
on this day or that; but they appeal to the
history of the United States to show that their
claims on the French government had been convert-
ed to the uses of the government of the United
States. If there was anything that required evi-
dence, it could be found in our law-books and books
of history. What was evidence, if the treaties
made by our own government were not evidence?
Bid any man suppose we were not bound by the
treaty of 1798 to the government of Franco? a treaty
imposing on the government of the United States
the strongest and most onerous obligations? We
were bound also by gratitude. If they had not in-
tervened with their aid, we never would have
achieved our independence. Was it not fitting on
the part of the government of the United States, m
leturn for such a guaranty as that, to guaranty to
them the possession of their West India islands?
By this guaranty of Franco we obtained our inde-
pendence. The progress of affairs went on. France
came to stand in need of the use of our guaranty, as
we had availed ourselves of hers. In the redemp-
tion of that guaranty to France, we could not do less
than comply with our obligations; but if we had
complied with them, we would have involved our-
se'ves in a war with Great Britain. The United
States incurred another obligation. .Expecting
everything from France the treaty was made as
she required, giving her armed vessels peculiar
privileges in our ports, which we subsequently
found to be inconsistent with the laws of nations, iu
case we should become a neutral power. The Uni-
ted States was of course very desirous to fulfil this
treaty of guaranty; or, what would have been more
desirable still, to get honestly rid of both these obli-
gations, which were likely to cause us so much em-
barrassment.
After she had applied to us for the fulfilment of
those obligations, in the course of that madness
which had spread itself over France, and while we
were hesitating to fulfil them, she committed depre-
dations upon the vessels of the United States, Un-
