Feb. 1848.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Dickinson.  
maFTK*
of an absorbing question, which enlisted the feelings
of all present, was about to be resumed ; and when
the honorable senator from South Carolina, who so
well deserved,,and was so able to command, the at-
tention of this body, failed to do so now, still less
could he (Mr. A.) have any chance of success; but
he had but two sentences more to read; and as
they were of much importance, he asked that they
should receive an entire attention:
"From a mature consideration of the subject, and from
the best judgment vour committee have been able to form
on the case, they tire of opinion that this government, by
expunging the second article of our convention with Franco,
of the dOtS September, 1BOO, became bound to indemnify the
memorialists for those just claims which they otherwise
•would rightfully have had on the go\emment ol France, for
the spoliations committed on their commerce by the illegal
captures nude by the cruisers and other armed vessels of
that p™ er, m violation of the law of nations and in breach
ol t;c;itiL'- then e\is.t«ng between the two nations, which
claims, ii,r,- v/on.\ b\ the rejection of the said article of the
ccftvtn'io't, forever bancd irom preferring to the govern-
ment of Fiance for compensation Your committee beg
leave to dec Lne j;i\ in^ on opinion on tb:> precise time when
those rln.in*- one lit to commcnce, or on the period forc.ip-
tar^s n't*'r \\ iii''!; the memoi i.ihsts u otild not have been en-
titled to compensation l">om France, and of course cannot
be ent'tled to mdemiuti Aom the I'mtcd Stntes ''
Mr. Cnoate. Will the honorable senator from
Virginia state the names of those who composed
that committee?
Mr. Archer requested his honorable friend to
read them from the report.
Mr. Choatf. then read a list of the names.
Mr. Archer had but a word more to say. He
had quoted the authonty of treaties and the obliga-
tions of justice, tn favor of these claims; and rising;
in climax he had added the authority of South
Carolina in favor of their indisputable justice
and validity.
SPEECH OF MR. DICKINSON,
OF NEW YOltK.
Delivered in the Senate of the United Suites, Feb-
mart/ 22, 1845.—On the Joint Resolutions from
the House of Representatives-for the reannexa-
tion of Texas to the United Slates.
Mr, DICKINSON said, he rose to the discussion of
the qur-tion under circumstances of peculiar embar-
raiment, Sympathizinc; at all times deeply with
the feeling which surrounded him, and being aware
of the anxiety which picvailod with the .friends of
the nie^Miie to rloso the debate—in which he
liberally shared—that consideration could not fail
to add its influence to Iho^o which usually attended
a firvt cffoit upon the llooi of the Senate. The
Senators from New York had, liowovcr, been called
upon in debate to respond to intcrio^atories; and in-
tending to act up to his responsibilities, lie deemed it
both proper and necessary to declare frankly his sen-
timents, which ho would do in as brief a manner as
possible. He regarded it as a question fraught with
consequence*? of higher import for weal or wo than
any which had arisen in his time; one which had
been fully and deliberately discusser! and considered
by the people and their representatives. In its dis-
eiij?«ion he should pursue the course which he had
originally marked out; for although much he had
intended to say had been said by others, it was ques-
tionable in his mind whether it would aid or confuse
him most. His order of arrangement was somewhat
different from any which had been presented, and
he hoped to urge some arguments in favor of the
measure which had not been before the Senate.
The question pending hein^ upon the indefinite
postponement of the resolutions—thus disposing of
the whole mattn —he should address himself entirely
to the main question, and reserve all discussion as to
details until that question had been disposed of, and
distinct propositions should he presented.
The debate had already taken an extended
range. Almost every page of national or interna-
tional law extant had been introduced; and the
Capitol had resounded with passages from Yattel and
Grotius, Puffendorf and Burlemaque, Blackstone
and Marten, and Kent and Story, to fortify or con-
fute positions which had been taken. The current
of history had been followed, until lost amid the
mists and shadows of tradition. Fable, with her
playful illustrations, had been made to perform her
eervice; and the Pantheon of mythology, with her
grotesque images, had been unfolded.
• How meagre, then, (said Mr, D.^ must
121)
the
reward of him who gleans where such hands have
garnered-'the abundant harvest.
The view, however, which he proposed to take,
was mainly of a more popular character; before pro-
ceeding to which he "would briefly respond to the
interrogatory, somewhat significantly proposed by
the Senator from Louisiana, (Mr. Bariiow,) and
repeated with emphasis by the Senator from Con-
necticut, (Mr. Huntington,) touching the posi-
tion of New York upon this question—whether it
was there an is^ue at the late election, and what
were the opinions of her present chief magistrate,
late a distinguished member of this body 1 Mr. D.
said his acknowledgments were due to the honor-
able Senators for the opportunity they had afforded
him of declaring the true position of the State which
he, m part, had the honor to represent.
He had not chanced to meet the distinguished in-
dividual, whose opinions seemed to be sought since
the question arose at the last session, and had there-
fore no means of knowing his sentiments, except so
far as reported through the public press from his
public addresses. And from such publications he
learned, that though opposed to the details of the
treaty submitted at the last session, yet he was in
favor of annexation, upon such terms and conditions
as would satisfy his judgment. He (Mr. D.) was
not advised what particular plan was preferred, nor
was it probable that the people of his State, in se-
lecting a local chief magistrate in whom they had
confidence, had regard to his opinions, if known,
upon the details of a measure with which he could
have no official connection or relation. But while
he did not pretend that the mere details of
any plan were determined by the result of the
late election in that State, he was confident his
respected colleague would bear him witness that the
general question of annexation constituted one of
the main issues which were there tried and decided
by the people.
There were two mighty armies ranged and mar-
shalled, under the names of their distiru] uished cham*
pions, struggling for mastery, as il for life, in the
great battle of the age. Our respectol opponents,
true to their instinct?, early placed this question in
the foreground, and took up the issue upon wh lK
we met, we fought, we conquered. At their tremen-
dous gatherings, the banner which displayed the lone
star was robed in mourning; the hapless girl, who
vi .is fa led to represent this neighboring sister, was
clad in sable habiliments; their processions marched
with funereal tread, and their orators discoursed in
tremulous voices and lugubrious tones of the blight-
ing influences which would one day be shed from
that baleful star.
But with us (said Mr. D.) how changed the pic-
ture. On every banner the lone star shone out re-
splendent. The faiiest village maiden, robed in
virgin white, and adorned with chaplets of flowers,
was hailed as the emblem of this youthful sister.
Annexation was upon the lip of every orator, and
was invoked in speech and song. It stood out in
hold relief from the columns of the press—it rose
high upon the enthusiastic shouts of the young, and
was approvingly debated by venerable and hoary-
headed men. Who,then,shall say that in this great
trial before the highest earthly tribunal this question
was not in issue—was not decided 1
But why recount the history of this wholesome
conflict of opinion, winch is engraven ori the tablet
of every heart, and written, as it were, with a pencil
of light, upon the history of our country's popular
triumphs'?
Mr. D. said he would, for a few moments, no-
tice the territory proposed to be annexed—its relative
location, its physical and political condition—for the
purpose of seeing whether there was any just cause
for the alarm and consternation which some seemed
to suppose should attend it.
It was bounded eastwardlv by two States of this
Union—Louisiana and Arkansas; southwardly by
the Gulf of Mexico; woatwnrdly by the Rio del
Norte, extensive deserts,and almost impassable moun
taint?, as significant as it traced, like the decalogue,
by the firger of the Almighty; and northwardlv
. by our Western territory containing, according to
[ Kennedyj its historian, 324,000 square miles. Jts
soil and climate were described by the same Author,
as illows:
" The soil of Texas presents three distinct natural aspects, by
y?hich it is divisible mio a corresponding number of regions, or
disrricis: the plain or level, the undulating or roiling, and the
mountainousor hilly.
" The prevailing character of the soil of the level region of
Texas is a rich alluvion—stngulat ly free from those accumula-
tions of stagnant water which, combined with a burning sua
and cxubeiant vegetation, render a large proportion of the south-
ern parts of the United States little better than a sickly desert.
The porous character of the soil, the giadual elevation of tne
level lands towards the interior, and the general rise of the
banks from the beds of the streams, preclude the formation of
swamps to any injurious extent.
tlThe rolling or undulating region forms the largest of the
ratural divisions of Texas. North and northwest oi the level
section lying between the Sabine and San Jacinto rivers, the
country undulates towards the Red river. The thickly timber-
ed lands extend quire to {the Red river, and as far to the west es
a line drawn due north Irom the heads of the Sabine. A wide
belt of rolling and thinly wooded prairie extends westward of
this tine along the margin of the Red river.
" The country rises m gentle and beautiful undulations above
the diiuvial legion of the Brazos. Colorado, and Guadalupe, ex-
tending in a northwesterly direction up those rivers, from 150
to 200 miles, a<? far as the hilly district. Here is a delightful
va lety of ferule prairie and valuable weodland, enriched with
pprings and rivulets of puie and sparkling water, which, like
the larger stieams, ate invariably bordered by wooded 'bot-
tom®.' The undulations often swell at lengthened intervals
into eminences of soft acclivity, from the summits of which the
eye m \y repose on some of the fairest scenes in nature.
"The rollinglandsbetween the Guadalupe and Nueces sweep
towards the northwest, with an Hevauon gradually incr^a^ing,
until i hey terminate in the high iand range, at a distance of about
200 miles from the level region of thecoast. Timber and water
rti e not so abundant in this section asm the country lying further
hut it affords excellent pasturage, and is peculiarly adapt-
e ) to the raising ot all kinds of stock.
" The mountains are of third and fourth magnitude in point of
< levation ; those of San Saba are deemed the highest. They
are clothed with forests of pine, oak, cedar, and other trees, with
a great variety of shrubbery. Extensive valleys of alluvial
soil wind throughout the range; most of them susceptible of
irrigation and profitable culture. The sides ol the mountains
themselves, with not a few of their summits, are adapted to
agriculture. Copious and limpid springs abound in the high-
lands. fertilizing the soil and forming innumerable rivulets,
which, gliding with a rapid current unite their waters, until
tiny swell into laige and bounteous rivers, that scatter plenty
over the cential and western districts of the Brazos and Bexar.
Of the table-lands beyond the mountains, which are said to be
healthy and fertile, I'ttie is known, and still less of the northern
region, extending to the42d deg. of north latitude.
"The climate of Texas, the most southerly part of which,
lies within two degrees and a half of the tropic, ia as varied as
the productive qualities of the soil, and is, perhaps, on the
whole, superior to that of any other portion of North America.
In Texas ptopir it is neither s> cold in winter, nor so hot in
summer, as m the northeastern section of the United States."
Mr. Jefferson, in writing to Mr. Monroe concern-
ing this country, in 1820, says:
" To us the province of Texas will be the richest State of our
Union, without any exception. The southern part will make
more sm ar than we can consume, and the Red river on its
north is the most Itixuuant country on earih."
And Mr. Clay, in a speech made in the same year?
upon this subject, bears testimony as follows:
" All accounts concurred in representingT^xas tobeextreme-
ly valuable. Its superficial extent was three or four times
greater than that o1 Florida. The climate was delicious; the
soil fertile; the margins of the rivers abounding in live-oak;
and the countiv admitting of rasy settlement, it possessed*
nioic -ei, if he were n«f misinformed, one of the finest ports in
the Gulf of Mexico The productions of which it was capable
were suitable to our wants. He would not give Texas for Flo-
rida in a naked exchange."
Her free white population number 140,000,mostly
from the United States, besides 24,000 slaves. She
has a President, Congress, courts of justice, institu«
tions of religion and learning, and thirty-five organ-
ized counties. She has, too, a charter of freedom,
sealed with the heart's blood of her own gallant sons,
and witnessed and approved by all the leading pow~
ers of Christendom.
Let us giance (said Mr. D.) at her political his~
lory •
This country, now the subject of so much agita~
tion. discussion and contention, was discovered by
the Fiench in 1G85. It was subsequently ceded to
Spain, and receded to France in 1800. It was ceded
by France to the United States in 1803; and one of
the articles of the treaty, solemnly made and ratified,,
was as follows:
'• The inhabit tun f>f the cpded terri'ory shall be incorpo-
rated into thr union "f the united - tatj5s dhd ad.Mtted
<•.- soon ,.s possible dccoi 'jug to t! e prmci> It of the Federal
Constitution, to the o-.joymcrtf ot n)i th* richrs, advantages and
immunities of Citizens hi the United States, rind, m the mean
tune, shall be pr - ected m the free enjoyment ot their liberty,
propetty.drid th* religion whic • they niofess" *
The western boundary of this ceded territory was
declared at the time to lie the Rio del Norte; as evi-
deiice of which we have the concurring testimony
of Mr. Jefferson, Mr. finckney, Mr. Madison, Mr,
