322
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1845i
28th Cong 2d Sess.
•Annexation of Texas—J\lr. Dickinsonf
Senate.
Monroe, Mr. Adams, General Jackson, and Mr. Clay.
Mr. John Q. Adams, Secretary of State, under the
administration of Mr. Monroe, in the summer of
1818, learning that settlements were forming on a
portion of this territory, and, as he believed, by some
authority of France, or to promote the views or in-
terests of that government, sent a special agent there,
with directions to proceed to the Rio Bravo, (now
called the Rio del Norte,) and to give warning to the
settlers that the territory was within the " United
States, "who "would suffer no permanent settlement
to be made there under any other authority than
their o-wn" And he was further directed to manifest
" the surprise with "which the President has seen
possession thus taken, -without authority from the
United Slates, of a place -within their territorial
limits, and upon -which no laivfal settlement can be
made -without their sanction "
Mr. D. said he desired to call the attention of the
Senate especially to this article in the treaty of 1803,
as also to the convincing evidence of the fact that
Texas was, after the treaty, regarded as belonging
to the United States.
He was thus particular, for the reason that the
justice and morality of favoring annexation in a na-
tional view, had been seriously questioned. He
would endeavor to show to those who would patient-
ly follow him through the history of this territory, at
whose door lay bad faith and broken covenants.
This territory was partially settled in 1803, when
it was ceded to us by France; and by reference to
the article of the treaty just cited, it would be seen
that its inhabitants were entitled to be admitted into
the Confederacy as soon as they should have a re-
presentative population; and in the mean time they
were to be protected in the enjoyment of their liber-
ty, property, and the religion they professed.
The residents of this territory, looking at this
guaranty, and believing they were at no distant day
to enjoy its fruition as a reward for the hardships,
dangers and privations of border life, continued to
occupy and improve the country; and the poor and
adventurous from the United States, from the green-
tills of New England, the Empire, the Keystone,
the young and fertile West, and chivalrous South,
continued to flock to this territory, under the same
hope and expectation, until 1819.
Here (Mr. D. said) he would pause to make a
point in the morality as well as the law of the case,
chiefly for the ear of those who seemed to suppose
that the inhabitants of Texas in desiring admission
anto the Union, and those who were willing to ad-
jmit them, were about to commit an act of great
national wrong.
But while they were thus awaiting the hap-
py period when they should be fully restored to
the institutions of the land of their fathers, and
enjoy again the priceless boon of American citizens,
a treaty was negotiated by Mr. Adams, and subse-
quently perfected, and the territory of Texas, with its
inhabitants, without their knowledge or con-
sent, was ceded to Spain. And this is the
manner in which our brethren in Texas have been
protected" in the enjoyment of their liberty, pro-
perty and religion ! and admitted to the privileges
of the Union !—transferred, with their homes, their
families, and all they held dear, to a capricious,
weak, and ferocious despotism—alien in fact and in
name, in sentiment, in language, in education, in
habit, pursuit and religion.
This (said Mr. D.) is the history of this territory
and of this people, in plain English, which has been
ingeniously glozed over for a quarter of a century,
to^conceal the blunders and the gross injustice by
which a sentence of national outlawry was attempted
to be enforced. And he desired no better argument
in favor of the justice, expediency, and importance
of re-annexalion, than the fact that every Adminis-
tration since its cession to Spain, had endeavored to
regain it at almost any price. But, was this unhal-
lowed transfer ever binding upon the inhabitants of
Texas 1 He denied that it was. It was fraudulent
and void upon those principles of natural and eternal
justice which were paramount to all human author-
ity, and which constituted, acccording to Vattel,
the foundation of national law.
By a statute of most of the States of the Con-
federacy, no one could alien real estate of which an-
other held possession, claiming title. All transfers,
or agreements to transfer, were null and void, and
the parties to such instruments were guilty of a high
misdemeanor. Although such rule had no legal ap-
plication here, he would submit, that the transfer of
this people to a foreign government, under the cir-
cumstances,was a violation of the same spirit ofjustice
in which it was founded, in the sight of Heaven, and
an infliction which none but a tame, spiritless, and
degraded race would endure.
Nor did the inhabitants of Texas ever for a mo-
ment submit to this humiliating transfer. Upon the
publication of the Spanish treaty, they assembled
in solemn convention, and in language bold, indig-
nant, and befitting the sons of revolutionary sires,
recited the history of their wrongs, and declared
that—
"The recent treaty between Spain and the United States of
America lias dimpated an illusion to ) long fondly cherished,
ami has loused the citizens of Texas from the torpor into
which a fancied security had lulled lliem. They have seen
themselves, by a convention to which they were r.o party, lite,
rally abandoned to the dominion of the Crown of S,>iin, and
left a prey not only to impositions already intolerable, but to
all those exactions which tpanlfch rapacity is fertile in devising
"The citizen" of Texas would have proved themselves un-
worthy of the aae in which they live—unworthy of their ai.ces-
try of the kindred republics of the American cor.tinen'—could
they have hesitated, in this emergency, as to what     to
pursue. Spurning the fettersof colonial vassalage—di-datning
to submit to the most a'rocious despotism that ever disgrtced
the annals of Europe—tliey have resolved, under the blessing
of God, (e be free."
This independence she substantially maintained;
for although Spain occasionally made predatory in-
cursions upon her territory with a hostile army, she
never bowed her neck to the degrading vassalage;
and when Mexico established her independence, and
suspended—for she never closed her intestine broils
—Texas joined the Mexican Confederacy as a free,
independent, and sovereign State. In 1833 she
framed and adopted a State constitution, as she had
the right to do by the articles of Confederation, and
sent her agent to the central government with a
respectful memorial, asking admission under the con-
stitution she had framed. Her memorial was re-
jected, and her agent thrown into prison.
In 1835, the miniature Nero of the age, Santa
Anna, established a central military dictatorship upon
the ruins of the Mexican confederacy. Texas re-
fused to acknowledge his authority, and he abolished
her local Legislature. She called a convention,
framed a provisional government, and pledged her-
self to stand by the original constitution, and he sent
an army to subdue her. His army was defeated,
captured, and released upon parole of honor, and
under an agreement on his part not to oppose farther
the constitution of 1824, under which Texas entered
the Mexican confederacy.
The military despotism continuing to bear sway,
in March, 1836, the people of Texas, being goaded
beyond endurance by repeated and aggravated
wrongs, elected delegates to a convention, who, in the
true spirit of the Revolution, recited, in glowing lan-
guage, the reasons which compelled them to a sepa-
ration, and closed with the following emphatic
declaration of rights :
" We, theiefore, the delegates, with plenary powers, of the
pe -pie of Texas, in solemn convention assembled, appealing to
a candid world for the necessities of oui condition, do hereby
resolv. and declare that our political connection with the Mexi
nation has foiever ended ; and that the people of Texas do
now constitute a FREE, SOVEREIGN, and INDEPENDENT
REPUBLIC, and aie fully invested with all the rights and at'
tributes which properly belong to independent nations; and,
conscious of the rectitude of our intentions, we feai lessly and
confidently submitthe issue to the St'preme Arbiter of the des-
tinies of nations."
Then came the monster and military despot,
Santa Anna, at the head of an army of eight thou-
sand, declaring indiscriminate death to all who
should oppose his progress or authority. This war
of extermination was prosecuted on his part against
the devoted Texians with more than savage ferocity.
Look at the history of the Texian revolution, literally
written in blood. See your own brave sons chained,
imprisoned, starved, and wantonly murdeied, be-
cause they fought like their fathers to defend their
homes and their firesides, their wives and their chil-
dren, against the licentiousness, murder, and rapine
of a bloodthirsty and merciless tyrant, to whose ca-
prices they had been abandoned by a Christian peo-
ple, who gave them birth, and had promised, in the
face of a civilized world, to nourish and protect them.
For the benefit of those who had been so lavish
in their censure of this brave people, and had appa-
rently justified the prosecution of the Mexican war,
he desired attention for a moment to the execution of
prisoners at Goliad, after they had surrendered under
written stipulations that they should be treated as
prisoners of war, according to the usage of civilized
nations. It was an extract of a letter from a Mexi-
can officer, and might be found in Pease's History of
Texas:
"This day, Palm Sunday, March 27, has been to me a (lay
of most heaitfelt sorrow. At six in the morning the execu-
tion of four hundred and twelve Ameilcan prisoners vjss com-
menced, and continued till eight, when the la-t of the number
was shot At eleven commenced the opera-inn of burning their
bodies. But what an awful scene did the field present when
the prisoners were executed, and fell dead in heaps! And
what spectator could view it without horror 1 They were all
young, the uldest not more than thirty, and of fine florid com-
plexions. When the unfortunate youths were brought to the
place of death, their lamentations, and the appeals wh.ch they
u ter d to • eaven in their own language, with extended arms,
kneeling or prostrate on the earth, were such as might have
caused the very stones to cry out in compassion."
But the same blood which had been poured out
at Lexington and Bunker's Hill, at Saratoga and at
Yorktown, still coursed in other veins—the same
high hopes and manly daring—the fame scorn of a
tyrant's frown and a tyrant's chains, animated the
bosoms of Ihe brave sons of Texas. They met their
oppressor at the great tribunal and dernier resort
of nations—the field of strife,—once more waged their
battle upon the plains of San Jacinto. Despotism
was overthrown—liberty triumphed. Santa Anna
was then the acknowledged dictator and chieftain
of Mexico, and as such, together with his generals,
he made, signed, sealed, and delivered a treaty,
acknowledging the independence of Texas, and con-
taining, among other articles, the following:
"Fourlh. That t^e President, (Santa Anna,) in his official ca-
pacity as chief of the Mexican nation, and (he Generals Don
Vmcente Fdasola, Don .lose IS ten, Don Joaquin Ramirez y
Sesma, and Don Antonio Giona, chiefs of ajmies, do solemnly
acknowledge, sanction and latify Ihe full, entire, and perfect
independence of (he Republic of Texas, wuh such boundaries
as are heteafter set forlii and agieed upon foi the same."
The independence of Texas has been acknowledged
by all the leading powers of the earth, and has been
maintained by her inviolate for about nine years;
and yet we are told that she is a revolting province
subject to Mexico; and that her independence
must stand .in abeyance until Mexico shall find
leisure and means to reconquer her. And especially
are we admonished by the Senator from Kentucky
(Mr. Morehf.+b) to abstain from any negotiation
■with Texas until Mexico shall have closed her intes-
tine broils, and be no longer at war with herself.
We are urged to square our opinions and
our actions to suit the caprices of this sputtering
and fitful government—this turbulent and fugitive
pseuilo republic, whose star of liberty twinkles
faintly for a moment upon the horizon's verge, and
is then obscured in blood and darkness.
Its leading spirits and dictators, through its brief
history, had been vibrating between the diadem and
the dungeon, giving lessons in cruelty and blood, and
falling victims to their own sanguinary code.
The Athenians, in the capricious treatment of
their rulers, are said to have administered the hem-
lock one day as the penalty for some real or sup-
posed offence, and the next to have erected a statue
to commemorate the virtues of the deceased. But
Mexico, reversing the order of proceedings, first com-
memorates the virtues, and then administers her pen-
alties.
When (said Mr. D.) shall the vengeance of this
sanguinary god be appeased or sated ! If Texian in-
dependence cannot be perfected without the further
acknowlegment of Mexico, how shall that be ob-
tained 1 Shall she yet demand that hecatombs of
human victims be offered up as in the days when
the proud Aztec reveled in the hall of the Montezu-
mas, and the people of her mountains were thrown
for support, like Ishmael, upon the crossbow and the
chase ? or, can her negative caprice suspend a na-
tion's birthright, and enslave forever, by the impo-
tence of her will, a people who have successfully de-
fied her arms 1
Mr. D. said he would inquire whether Texas was
the less an independent government because Mex-
ico sullenly refused to ratify the treaty of her chief*
tain acknowledging her independence; and, if so,
