Feb. 1845.
appendix to ths congressional globe.
325
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Jlnnexation af Texas-—Mr. Dickinson.
Senate.
would find a climate more congenial to his nature in
a more southern latitude. And should he ever re-
gain his freedom, he would see, upon his southern
border, a dark race of men, who would hail him as
a brother, and extend to him the hand of political
and social equality, which would never be done here.
The question of slavery had been placed beyond the
reach of Federal legislation by the compromises of
the Constitution i and the attempt, on the part of
Congress, to mitigate its evils to any considerable
extent, would be as vain as to prescribe periods for
the flight of migratory birds, or to establish hi? law
boundaries to protect the tropical insects from the
frosts of winter.
Although under the influence and within the con-
trol of State legislation, its abolition or duration
depended more upon other causes than even upon
this, as had been suid by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, (Mr. Buchaxan,) who had made an allusion
to a speech of that extraordinary man, Randolph, of
Roanoke, from which he (Mr. D.) would give a
brief extract* Mr. Randolph said:
" The disi <i*e
*}o)than St at is
Tin nutin ai death of
tzptnsirr la fun Jl is ulu> he
HI1 nit its com se—it has run its course in the
it fr<'°in>iiii« tn tun its <oh)sk at Maryland,
lavvry i* the unprofitableness of id most
the meadow and
tounlrtj oj J tr°iuia. t'lmon% those people, then, who hare no
staple thut (tin pay for slat e labor, eipe< tally amon« those who
h'/t'C none of vcryje ir shn ry, these u> e the ■it) eriuous adi orates of
all these pri ru tpfes —in {''ir^naa most oj them of the best intcn-
twin—till oj them mistaken. The tiionunt the tabor of the slave
(rastito l>< pi ofitnblr to the fii<isto,oi my toon after it has
1 railirti thin %/« /•, )j the slurr mill not run atvai/jrom the nitis-
tei\ the writer win run away fiom tht store; and this is tin*
hi.\lo> v of the Jioih slacay to ft tedom oj the. ri/lana^e oj
Enfant! "
Allow mo to inquire, for a moment, (said Mr. D.,)
while we arc so loud and emphatic in the denuncia-
tion of this institution, and are urging it as a reason
of all others why Toxas should not be admitted to
the Union, what answer we should return to this
sister Republic, if, after passing these resolutions and
transmitting them to her Government for approval
oi rejection, we should be advised by her constituted
authorities that all the stipulations, terms, conditions,
and giiumnties were agreeable, but one insurmount-
able objection exists to her acccptanee. She says she
leal ns that we hold in perpetual bondage a dark race
of men, and subsist upon their toil, and that this in-
justice is tolerated by our Constitution and our laws.
Should we not indignantly throw back the taunt that
the same charge lay at her own door ; and, while we
are deploring that a mote should obscure her vision,
itiny t.hc not point us to the beam that obstructs our
own ?
Great Britain, too, ha3 added her sympathising
voice, and, in a spirit of philanthropy peculiar to her-
mit, condemns an institution which she planted upon
our shores in the days of our colonial dependence,
so deeply and securely that even the blood of the
Revolution could not exterminate it. Having abol-
ished her domestic slavery when, and not before, it
became unprofitable, upon her all-absorbing princi-
ple ot pounds, shillings and pence, her sensibility is
now extending itself to the oppressed of other lands
than her own. But has she not learned that Afri-
can slavery is but a single verse in the wide and am-
ple page of human wrongs'! Has she looked at her
own suffering, starving and dying poor? Has she seen
the thousand gentle beings who are annually crush-
ed beneath a system which robs labor of its reward and
industiy of its bread 1 Has she visitpd the abodes
of her own metropolitan wretchedness, and rescued
the young who are breathing a malaria which intox-
icates the soul' Has she contemplated the vast
oceans of blood which her thirst for dominion over
man has caused to flow; or dried up the tears, or
soothed the anguish she has created 1 Or, has her
genius of philanthropy bid adieu to her own proud
shores, to weep over the dusky child plucking its wild
flowers upon the odor-laden plains of Texas 1
Sir. D. looked forward, in imagination, to that hap-
py moment when every human wrong should be re-
dressed—when this cup of tears and anguish should
pass—when the fetters should fall from the limbs of
every creature bearing the impress Of his Maker,
and all should sit together under the wide spread
branches of the tree of liberty, protected by its shel-
ter, and subsisting upon its fruits.
Great Britain, too, had modestly advised that it
would be both unjust and unwise to extend our ter-
ritory. IVhen (said Mr. B.) did she ever oiiiit to
take possession of an* section, island, continent,^ Or
country, which she had powdr to1 oht;t'in, olid which
was worth having or preserving 1 Tt h"ad been
triumphantly and truly said, that her druffi-l:eat
encircled the world, and that the sunshine never
ceased to light up some portion of her dominions ;
and if she continued to extend her territories on this
continent, it might soon be said that not only her
drum-heat, but her bristling bayonets encircled the
United States, upon American soil.
Adopting the same argument, the same notes of
alarm have been sounded by those upon the other
side who have joined in this debate. A territory
which was formerly our own; which every Admin-
istration since 1819 has endeavored to recover for
the advantages it would confer; which is peopled
by our children, and our brethren—is now regarded
as the Grecian horse, bearing not only bands of armed
men, bent on the stern and bloody errand of war
and devastation, but every ill to which frail humanity
is heir.
The Senator from Kentucky, (Mr. Mobehkad,)
and from Massachusetts, (Mr. Choatf.,) had vied
with each other in heightening the vividness of the
fearful picture.
When the Christian is looking with an eye
of faith beyond the clouds and darkness of the
moment, and awaiting the ushering in of that period
when the strifes and agitations of this bleak world
shall be hushed in brotherly peace—to the time
when the weapons of war shall be moulded to im-
plements of husbandry, and nations learn war no
more,—this bright period of moral existence, fore-
told by inspiration, is obscured by prophecies of
more modern times, and postponed to give place to
this especial war, overlooked by the prophets, which
is to follow in rapid succession the annexation of
Texas.
The wide-extended and fruitful fields of our favor-
ed land, yet green with spring, are to be strewn with
the dead bodies of our sons ; temples are to be de-
stroyed, altais profaned, institutions abolished, and
the ministeis of the law are to give place to the
torch, the bludgeon and the stiletto. The farmer is
to leave his pursuits of peace, and engage in a war
of extermination against his neighbor, because of the
annexation of Texas. Man shall rise up against
man, neighbor against neighbor, brother against
brother, State against State, craving cach other's
blood, because of the annexation of Texas.
The Senator from Massachusetts, (Mr. Choatk,)
whose eloquent voice he regretted was so soon to
be withdrawn from this Chamber, had depicted in
glowing language the " harrowing spectacle of fouten
fieldand the Senator from Kentucky (Mr.
Mohkheah) unites in strains more lively than poetic
imagery. He sees our brilliant constellation blotted
from the political firmament—the charter of our free-
dom torn piecemeal and scattered to the wincij ■;
Heaven, and the wild spirit of anarchy rioting over
all that was once the asylum of the oppressed in the
western hemisphere. He invokes the genius of Ame-
rican liberty while yet its spirit lingers; but its fairy
form is torn and disjointed :
"Life flutters convulsed m its quivering limbs,
And us blood streaming nostril in agony swims."
Still another and a wider range is given to these
imaginary evils by the Senator from Kentucky.
If the power to annex contiguous territory is estab-
lished, he sees the thirst for dominion and ag-
grandizement bear sway, until the Celestial Em-
pire shall form a part of this Confederacy, and rep-
resentatives from Patagonia—monsters, savages and
cannibals—shall hold their horrid carnival within
the walls of the Capitol.
But did the Senator ever caution the Kentucky
planter against enlarging his plantation to suit his in-
terest or convenience, by advisinghim that an attempt
to extend it to Patagonia or the Celestial Empire
would be ruinous in its consequences 1 Or has he ta-
ken care to admonish his young friends, when about
to form one of the most interesting relations in life,
to avoid the fair and virtuous of the sex, lest, per-
chance, in the exercise of his discretiou he should
propose terms of annexation, not to a " Patagonian,"
or to her of the tiny feet from t}ie Celestial Empire,
but to a hideous Amazon or croiie; or to her whose
gteps lead down to the chambers of death 7
The Senator from Kentucky had well said there
was a strong party in the early formation ot our
Government who opposed the admission of States to
the Confederacy, beyond the original thirteen. At
that time, (said Mr. D.) scarcely comprehending the
nature of the Government they were forming, those
who proposed the restriction had some apology, for
they evidently supposed that if a State should be
erected so far at the Wesl that it was beyond the fos-
tering care and superintendence of what they be-
lieved to be the •• Government," it would be lost
forever. Like the too fond mtfther, who, accus-
tomed to watch over the infancy of .her offspring, is
unwilling to trust them in after years beyond the
circle of her own magic influence. Exper;ence had
shown how mistaken the belief and how unjust the
suspicion that Western States would be less patr30£c
or less ably represented than those washed by the
waves of the Atlantic. The early objections to their
admission were now matter of history, and were tull
of instruction*
Mr. D. said he would read some of the debates
upon the formation of the Constitution, proceeding
from the same party wfitf proposed to limit the num-
ber of States, for the benefit of the Senator from
Kentucky, and other westenS Senators who were
unnecessarily alarmed at the admission of new
States.
In the Convention which formed the Constitution,
Gouverneur Morris, a distinguished member', said:
"The remai ks of Mr Mason relative to the western co Jtntiy
had not cha'ierd his opinion on flhat head. Among other nbj
lions it must he appa> ent they would not be able_ to furnish, metf
e.ijjiioJty enlightened to skate in the administration of our com-
mon interests. The busy haunts oj nten, not the remote wilder-
nest, was the proper school oj' political talents. Tf the western
people. %et the power in their hands, thty will t uui the Jltlantxc
interests. The back members aie always most aierse to the best
mcasw t-s."
" Mr. Gerry, loo, wished (hat the atteRtion of the House m*ght
bo turned to the dangers apprehended from western States.
He was for admitting them on liberal term'', hut not for putting
ourselves in their hands. They will, like all men, if they ac-
quire power, abuse u They will oppress our co,'>t?izeTce) and
drain our weallhinto the western country
He further said—
,s There was a rage for emigration from the eastern States lo
the western count! y, and he did not wish those left behind to be
at the mercy of the emigrants. Besides, fore'gners are re-
sorting to thai country, and it is uncertain what turn things
may take there."
But the admission of Louisiana furnished some
reminiscences which ought not to be lost, and with
leave he would give a few specimens from the his-
tory of the times. A member of the Massachu-
setts Legislature declared:
u Tn a word, I consider Louisiana the grave of the U ion "
On the bill for the admission of the Territory of
Orleans (Louisiana) into the Union in 1811, Josiah
Quinc.y, jr., said, and after being called to order,
committed his remarks to -writing:
11 If this bill passes, it is my deliberate opinion that it is vir.
tuallya dissolution of the Union; that it wilt free the States
from their moral obligation, and, as it will be the right of all, so
it w.lt be the duty of some, definitely to prepare for a separa-
tion, amicably if they can, violently if they must.""
Mr. D. said these texts were too significant to ad-
mit of commentary, and were worthy to be placed
side by side with some of theobjections of the pres-
ent day.
It was not, perhaps, surprising at this early period
that those who had been accustomed to Jook upon
government as a central power, literally ruling the
people, should fail to comprehend fully the opera-
tions of a government of mere opinion, by which the
whole gave laws to themselves, and which was as
potent for the protection of the humble cotter beyond
the mountain as for him who basked in the govern-
mental sunshine of the capital, and subsisted upon
the drippings of the Treasury.
Many who united in laying the broad and deep
foundations of our fabric had not contemplated, in an
enlarged sense, the capacity of man for self-govern-
ment. They had seen the great masses as subjects,
not as sovereigns—overawed by, but not wielding,
* Toasts give, generally, the political sentiments of the time.
A toast given July 4, 1603, reads as lolJuws:
"The purchase of Louisiana—Silt mountains, mammoths,
gulls, and bullfrogs; a valuable museum lor iiueeu millions.
Another toast was:
Louisiana—Of all materials, neither fit for land nor water;
may she be the receptacle of the turbulent and uibdffepteJ,55
