328
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Archer.
Senate.
the debates is elicited, the conditions which applied
to it, and the final form it attained,—from all these
considerations, that none other than a domestic .as-
pect and operation of it was contemplated. The
argument of the honorable senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Choate] is unanswerable; that where the
proof is full that this interior operation of the clause
was the subject which filled the minds of its fram-
ers1, some other purpose must be shown to have
mixed with this, to warrant the extension beyond
this interior operation. But there is no allusion in the
progress of the discussion to any other than this
limited form of operation. There is another con-
sideration which, to my mind, appears absolutely
conclusive of the question. Legislative authority,
in every government is confined, ex necessitate rei,
by the very nature of this power, to an infra-
territorial operati®n—where objects of the public
authority, other than domestic, to be reached be-
yond the sphere of the proper domain of the coun-
try, are designed to be provided for—that is, con-
fided to some other functionary than the legisla-
ture—to the executive, single in most govern-
ments—to an authority compounded of the Presi-
dent and Senate in ours. If, then, any operation of
the legislative authority beyond the territory is con-
templated, it must be explicitly and distinctly ex-
pressed. Nor can the inference in favor of this
operation be drawn in the absence of this explicit
and distinct expression.
But there is a further view connected with this.
The report of the committee derived an argument
against this extensive operation of the clause, from
the place in which it is found inserted in the consti-
tution. This argument was well and forcibly ex-
panded by my colleague, who stated that the clause
was found not in connection with or as a part of the
important clause of the constitution containing the
enumerated powers, but in what he called an ob-
scure corner of the constitution. The senator from
South Carolina [Mr. McDuffie] made this remaik
of my colleague the subject of ridicule, and said, if
I understood him right, that the place of the clause
might, by probability, have been attributable to the
mode of printing the instrument. Now, sir, this
argument, from the place in which the clause is
found in the constitution, is, mmy opinion, as forci-
ble as any other which has been employed. The
j>Owers of principal order granted by the constitu-
tion are found classed in one place, and with each
other. Is it to be conceived that, if a power far larger
than any of these principal powers, (which a power
to introduce a foreign State is,) was intended to be
given, it would not have been placed in immediate
conjunction with these? When powers, some of them
not of very large import, were thus specified, is it to
be believed that a power of an extent which admits
of being employed so as to qualify or change the
whole character of the government would not have
been specified also, and included in the enumeration?
But this power to admit new States at discretion is
notfouna in this place and connection contained in
the enumeration. Where is it found' In another,
a remote part of the constitution. Devoted to what
purpose? To the provision of a subordinate ar-
rangement in regard to the regulation of the mere
territory and property of the United States. Can
the insertion of this great power in this inferior po-
sition and connection in the constitution be held con-
sistent with its character of extraordinary import-
ance, or with the character of careful and apt ar-
rangement of its parts which is admitted to belong
to the constitution? And then, as regards the con-
text of the constitution. One of the most received
rules of the construction of instruments is, that
clauses seemingly conflicting should be so construed
that all may stand together, and be allowed an ope-
ration. If the power to admit new States be found
in the constitution, so is the power vested in the
President and Senate to make treaties with foreign
governments equally found in the constitution.
Should not each of these be allowed to have an op-
eration? Is the one to be allowed to overwhelm and
extinguish the other? But gentlemen make a dis-
tinction. Agreeing that the President and Senate
are to make all treaties under the constitution, they
say that there are forms of compact with foreign
governments which do not come under the denomi-
nation and character of treaties. Let this be so:
still treaties must comprehend the highest form of
these compacts; and the acquisition of a foreign
State—the transfer of a political allegiance—does
pot this constitute the very highest form of them'
If the question were of the cession by the govern-
ment of Texas of the inconsiderable portion of her
territory lying between the Trinity and the Sabine,
the proposition would not be contested that this
would be a compact requiring the treaty-making
povver of our government to effect it. Can this of-
fice be less required when the question is of the ces-
sion, not of a part, but of the entire territory of
Texas?
If Congress woula would be excluded from the
capacity to acquire a part, can capacity result to it
derived from the circumstance that ,it is the whole
territory, instead of the part, that is to become the
subject of cession? If it were decorous, would it
not be appropriate to inquire whether this style of
reasoning be any thing short of preposterous?
I come now, sir, to the view of the subject which
it has been the principal purpose of my trespass on
the Senate to develop, and which, as I have.said,
though the least discussed, is, in my opinion, in-
comparably the most important.
The question is, on the extent of the authority of
Congress to admit new States, whether it reaches to
the admission of a foreign State? The argument
has turned chiefly on the interpretation of the clause
in the constitution conveying this authority, in con-
formity to the received rules of the construction of in-
struments. These rules permit, unquestionably, a
departure from literal construction, when adherence
to it would give an operation aside from the purpose
of the clause to be construed, as exemplified in cases
which have been stated in the debate. Iiow much
clearer and stronger is the reason for the disallow-
ance of this literal construction, if the operation be
found, not aside merely from the design of one
clause, but adverse to and in frustration of the lead-
ing design and primary objects of the entire instru-
ment? And this will be found to be the character
of the operation of a literal construction of the
clause of the constitution to admit new States. A
glance will be required, to show this, at the compo-
sition and origin of the government.
Sir, it has become a sort of household aphorism,
that the destiny of liberty in all countries and times
depends upon the success of this federal experiment
we are now conducting in the United States; and
this aphorism is just—one of the cases in which
common parlance and truth are found united. The
destiny of freedom in all times and places does de-
pend upon the success of this experiment. Let it be
a failure, and what other experiment of free govern-
ment on a large scale could be tried in circumstances
so favorable? And what is the peculiar character of
this experiment? What is the essential form ofthat sys-
tem, in the .successful result of which these inappre-
ciable destinies are involved? Sir, this, like every
other which is good, is a form of government made
by the mixture and equipoise of several principles
and powers. Without this composition the rights
which constitute freedom would have no guards.
What are the elements of this equipoise of our fed-
eral system? All history proves that freedom has
been found practicable only in small States; that
government exerting municipal jurisdiction over a
large sphere must be arbitrary. The object to be de-
sired, then, is to combine with the municipal forms
of administration, which constitute freedom, known
only in small States, the strength and security to be
derived from the union of the population of several
States into one mass of power. By what form of
an angement is this policy to be effected? By giving
to the power of population, united and consolidated,
a control in the system, reserving at the same time,
to a great extent, municipal jurisdiction, in restric-
tion of it to the authorities of the component States
of the Union. The principle of popular control,
and of federal restraint on it, are thus brought into
co-operation. Each of these was required to ha1, e,
and has, provided its appropriate organ and repre-
sentative in the stiucture of the government. Con-
gress is the organ and representative of the first or
popular principle. The Senate, constituted after a
peculiar manner, to be effective for the object, is the
or^an and representative of the other, the'federative
pr'nciple. This is the peculiarity of the mechanism
ot our national system, in the highest decree admi-
rable and felicitious in its character and adjustments.
How is this system to be preserved, and made to
work well? How to be destroyed or impaired? By
permitting either of the co-ordinate principles to
gain ascendency over the other, or subdue it. Un-
der the old system of confederation, the federative
principle had undue ascendei cy; and this derange-
ment of just equipoise was found to produce weak-
ness and disaster. The other, the popular princi-
ple, row threatens to obtain a complete dominion in
the. administration of the government. Must not
discomposure and disaster equally result from this
form of the disturbance of equipoise as the other?
And now to apply this reasoning: The, power
given to the Senate, the representative of the States
in the constitution, to form treaties; that is to say,
engagements of the highest order which may be re-
quired to be made with foreign States. To Con-
gress, the popular representative, is given apowerto
admit new States. The Senate, then, under the
power to make engagements with foreign States,
cannot admit a foreign State in that character and ca-
pacity. But neither can the Congress, under its
power to admit new States; because this would re-
quire engagements and compact in the highest form;
and this is a function which has been committed not
to Congress, but to the President and Senate. The
irresistible inference, therefore, is, to enable the two
grants of power to stand together, and each depart-
ment of the assigned authorities to have effect, that
neither can be considered as invested with this office
of introducing a foreign State. Nor can it be ob-
jected that the government, ii this construction,
would be divested of a faculty which appertains to
all governments, of acquiring foreign territory, be-
cause another mode of attaining the objeet has been
shown far preferable, as combining the action of the
departments of power now made to conflict, in not
harmonious only, but safe co-operation for the at-
tainment of the end. This power, claimed for Con-
gress, is found, then, condemned by considerations
of far higher order than technical construction of the
letter of the constitution.
Sir, let me look back for a moment to the forma-
tion of this constitution—to the spirit from which it
sprang—to the structure of the system it produced.
We fought the war by which our independence was
achieved in the capacity and character of States in
league, not in that of a nation. What followed in
the progress of our history? A period than which
there can be none more instructive in the lesson it
reads us. We were on the very eve of losing the
whole fruits of the great struggle; and from what
cause? Conflicts of views umong the States—denial
of adequate support to the general government—
confusion, disorder, debility, dissension—all these
evils proceeding from tenacity of a purely federal
system, and the jealousy of innovation on it, were
such as to induce the prediction, on the part of our
enemies, that the system was speedily to come to an
end. It was in these circumstances that the conven-
tion was convoked, and the constitution of the United
States formed. Can it be supposed, in this view, in
the prevalence of this temper of extreme jealousy on
the subject, that any scheme would be adopted in
which a federative element was not allotted a full
share of influence? What did the result prove-
That, accordingly, the entire grant of powers was -
made federal m us form, not national; that is,to say,
specific, instead of general, with restrictions, as in
the ordinary forms of limited government. The
President, the Senate, and the judiciary—three de-
partments—were conformed, moreover, in their
mode of selection, to a federative principle. Here
were the evidences of a design to preserve the gov-
ernment in a decided federal character, and of course
with the necessary guaranties to it.
What, too, in that constitution—and he asked th6
particular attention of gentlemen to this—was the
point of controversy wmch most distracted the as-
sembly, and led to the verge of a wreck thewhole
scheme of the formation of a new system3 The
great difficulty in the contest for preserving the fed-
erative character of the system arose from the ques-
tion whether the small States were to have an equal-
ity in representation m the Senate with the large
States. What was the spectacle which was pre-
sented at that moment, in relation to this controver-
sy, to the eyes of patriots' That ail arrangement
would fail, from the impossibility of concurrence on
this ponu. At this critical juncture, that wisest of
men, and among the most eminent of patriots, Dr.
Franklin, interporeJ to invoke a resort to the offices
of religion; to soothe and subdue the spirit of dis-
traction which threatened so much peril. Upon the
authority of Mr. Madison, we are assured that this
solemn intervention was probably the means of
averting the last catastrophe, and the source to which
we owe the blessing of our constitution. It was
this highest principle and safeguard of a fedeative
form of government, that was m this manner re-
deemed and presei ved, amidst the extreme of con-
fusion and conflict. And it is this feature, the in-
fluence and impoitance of which have been so com-
pletely lost sight of in this discussion. Sir, suppose
this federative feature established—suppose the des*
