Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
329
28th Cong 2d Sess
.Annexation of Texas—Mr. Archer.
Senate.
perate, struggle, on the part of the small States, to
maintain their equality, attended with success—the
exclusion of a predominance in New York, Penn-
sylvania, and Virginia achieved; and at that mo-
ment of the triumphant termination of this strug-
gle, a proposition had been made to give to the
ordinary majority of the quorums of the two
Houses of Congress, the popular representative, the
power to introduce foreign States of any grade of
dimension of power, greater than New York, or
Pennsylvania, or Virginia, at discretion: how are
we to infer such a proposition would have been re-
ceived? With acceptance?—adoption? And this is
the phrensy of the conclusion to which we are now
asked by the friends of this resolution to come: that
the small States, indulging this extreme jealousy,
having waged successfully this desperate resistance
to the preponderance of sister and associate States,
have knowingly consented to leave a door wide
open to the admission, without restriction on the
discretion, of foreign States of indefinite character,
extent, and power!
I come now to refer to a topic of influence greater
than belongs to any which has been stated. I have
said this was a government of compromise. It was
to extend over a large part of this continent—the
extremes distinguished by striking diversities, if not
opposition of interests. The noithern and eastern
portions, by the character of their soil and climatc,
were destined to the exercise of commeicial and
manufactunng forms of industry, and would require
the interests connected with these to be protected
and cherished. The South and West, adapted in a
peculiar manner to agricultural pioduction, would
present another class of interests, demanding the
freest and largest access to foieign markets. We
have s un contention arise within our own day be-
tween these sectional interests—the agncultuial in-
terest contending for the most liberal exemption of
the subjects of their foieign exchanges fiom the
burden of imposts. We have heard from the North
that the adoption of this policy would be to their
region at) award of desolation—striking the springs
of their prosperity with paralysis. Do you sup-
pose, sir, that the framers of this wise constitution
contemplated a power in this government to throw
complete ascendency into either of these scales-1
State the fact: You let in six States—six large
Slates, into which Texas is susceptible of sub-
division. Might not the South, opposed to a sys-
tem of protective tariff, be enabled by the admis-
sion of such a power to overwhelm the interests of
the North, m the conception of the northern peo-
ple of their interests.'' Take the further view.
The northern States have a free, the southern States
have in part a slave, population. Why should
they not admit States at the North against us, if we
admit States at the South—run a race of competi-
tion with us at the South m this respect* Suppose
hey let in Nova Scotia, Canada, and Newfound-
land, admitting of formation into many States: they
would have, in that event, the power, as well as the
disposition, to adopt a tariff in the highest degree
protective. What would be the intestine distrac-
tions to come from this state of things? May not
finch be the consequences if this doctrine be recog-
nised which is asserted now, of a power of mere ma-
jorities of Congress to admit new States? Sir, when
this constitution was framed, reference was had to
thijs diversity in the des:riptions of population, tree
and slave; and a guaranty was provided to obviate
the occurrence and fearful issue of the conflicts
which might grow out of this diversity. The pro-
tection, by the allowance of representation for three-
fifths of the slave population, was established.
What is the safeguard for this protection, with a
power in Congress, the ftee States having now a ma-
jority, to admit other States of their character
oi population and peculiarities of opinion, at dis-
cretion?
Go along with me for a few moments, and contem-
plate the possible issue of such a commitment of dis-
cretion to Congress. Sn, an honorable senator from
Georgia [Mr. Colquitt] expressed the other day
his surprise that greater alarm was not directed to
the temper and proceedings of the cla-cs of noithern
abolitionists, and professed his apprehension of the
influence and result of their proceedings. I do not
know, sir, That I am more liable to the influence of
fear than other men, and my constituents certainly
are not so; but I have come of late to partake this
apprehension fully. What is the spirit of this fanat-
icism, manifested by abundant proof, as, indeed, of
-all forms of real fanaticism? Is it ever found not cal-
lous to consequences and humanity? J^ook at the
histories of the Alb'igenses and Wicliffites. Look at
all instances in which it has had power to attain its
gratification; and has not the extermination of its
victims been the mark of its temper and its course.
We have it among ourselves notoriously. Fanati-
cism is the same in its spirit everywhere; and we
have it now in what degree of influence and power.
In every State north of Maryland, in the Union, it
exerts an influence threatening to become con-
trolling in our political elections. What have we
seen here in this .body within the last two years?
Have we not seen the State probably the most en-
lightened in the Union—the State of Massachusetts
—yielding to the domination of this desperate fac-
tion, and sending here memorials impeaching the
compromises of the constitution on this subject—
asking their abrogation—these memorials coming,
not from individuals or unrecognised masses of the
people only, but the legislature of the State, speak-
ing on different occasions, under the alternate con-
trol of parties opposed to each other on the ques-
tions of general politics* This we have seen. Did
any man suppose that the entire State of Massa-
chusetts partook the infection? No, sir. We knew
very well that sober men there were, not only ex-
empt from its influence, but who deprecated deeply
its prevalence and power. The State of New York
decided our presidential election last fall. Every
one knows the abolitionists in that State had it in
their ability to have cast the balance in that election,
if they did not in reality do it. The same, perhaps,
might be smd of the power of this faction in other
States at the North and East; and where not the
fact now, it is fast becoming the fact in these other
States. By holding closely together, as is their
temper, they must, in the nice divisions of political
party inevitable m the Union, gain very soon the
power to sway the balance of these elections. And
what will be the result? To infuse their own spirit
into the legislative bodies, though in the minority,
and to become eventually the controlling clement
and authority in the legislature of the Union! Al-
low me to tell you what may be expected or possi-
ble then. They will first carry out their disorgan-
izing purpose in the District of Columbia, (this
would be done at once;) thence over the Potomac,
in the midst of our institutions in the southern
States. The invasion will be resisted to blood. The
effect will then be to introduce—what? Civil war?
Civil war is stigmatized as the gravest of evils; but
it bears no comparison with the form of war which
the ascendency of this malignant principle would in-
troduce. What is this* Domestic, domiciliary, and
of course internecine war—where one portion of
each family is instigated to watch the unprotected
moments, to steal on the other portion, with the
purpose of butchery and outrage; disclosing their
assault by the midnight conflagration of dwellings,
respecting no helplessness of sex, nor sparing the
sleep of the cradle. This is the just picture
of intestine and servile war, which would not
revolt fanaticism—which it would not hesitate to let
loose among brethren, and even with the certainty
of impairment or destruction, as the fruit of its des-
olations, of the sources of its own prosperity and
opulence; font is the region which they would thus
blacken and sterilize with ravage and ruin, which
suppln s now,and would continue to supply, if its in-
dustry be left unbroken, the principal spring and
materials of this opulenco and prosperity of the
North and New England!
Sir, let no man deceive himself. The ascendency
of abolitionism, from the nice division and equipoise
of political parties, is approaching very speedily. In
this garden of our Union the germ of its asccndcncy
is already planted. It is expanding. It has not yet,
indeed, matured the bitter juices of its fruits of de-
struction. When it has done this, there will not
want hands ready to pluck, and appetites to devour,
this apple, bringing death in its digestion. There-
suit will be the disappearance of our political Eden,
as complete as of that of which the tradition only
remains, that it had its position on the Euphrates.
So of ours, that it had its place on the Potomac.
There is another very important view, to which I
will now briefly advert, of a more general character.
It is but too notorious that the juggernaut of democ-
racy has now firmly erected his temple in this land.
What do I mean by democracy? The doctrine
which would submit all subjects, not of political or-
ganization only, but of political administration, to
the will, however transitory or excited, of a numer-
ical majority. But it is not always or necessarily
this—the will of a numerical majority. It is oftener
the will of that worst of all earthly mischiefs, dema-
gogues, usurping this name of the will of the ^ nu-
merical majority for their own purposes of cupidity
or vindictiveness. The priesthood of this faith are
active in propagating its spirit and its dogmas. ^ I
have heard at this very session of a representative
of the people in the other House who expressed a
horror of the toleration of the constitution. I hare
no doubt that he spoke in sincerity and good faith;
that he would repudiate the constitution, as a possi-
ble impediment in some circumstances to the popu-
lar will. 1 am not sure that the honorable senator
from Pennsylvania on my left [Mr. Buchanan]
does not hold the same opinions. [Mr. Buchanan,
from his seat: Not so, sir.] I ask pardon for the
supposition if I am mistaken. I believe the member
of the other House to whom I have alluded repre-
sents the sincere feeling of a large class in this coun-
try. But let me tell this class of politicians of the
convenience of a constitution. It is, that whilst it is
allowed to operate as no restraint upon those who
hold the doctrine chat the popular will is in no cir-
cumstances to be submitted to impediment, it may
serve frequently for convenient restraint upon their
adversaries when in ascendency, or to themselves
when outrage is to be mystified by declamation, a
convenient instrument for the purpose.
Of late years I never hear, for example, a loud
appeal to Mr. Madison's admirable report in vindi-
cation of a strict construction of the constitution that
I do not quake with apprehension that it is to be the
prelude, or know that it is to be the sequel, to some
peculiar outrage. We have a just exposition of
these views in what we hear in this discussion, that
the popular sentiment having decided on the annex-
ation of Texas, no impediment is to be tolerated
from difficulty or objection as to the mode. But we
have had even larger effusions of the genuine spirit
of democracy in this discussion. It is one of the
doctrines of recent stiict construction of the consti-
tution that we are to find authority in that instru-
ment for our legislative action here, in the duty of
extending the area of freedom in the world, and of
contributing to fulfil the undoubted destiny of the
Saxon race, to carry its dominion to the Pacific.
We, it is insisted, are the high functionaries upon
whom the duty is devolved to carry into execution
these doctrines of philosophical democracy.
Sir, a few days ago, when this pestilent jargon
was held up to exposure in the debate, it was in-
quired, what may it produce? What result will
come next? Why not introduce Cuba as a State of
the Union? And the honorable senator from Penn-
sylvania near me, [Mr. Buchanan,] in the fervor of
democratic excitement, could not contain an excla-
mation that he hoped we would introduce Cuba.
[Mr. Buchanan here rose, with the permission of
his friend from Virgidia, to explain. He did not
think it quite fair to make a casual and playful re-
mark, which was intended of course to be perfectly
understood as such by the senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Mokeiiead,] and not as a grave remark before
the Senate, the subject of serious comment. It was
not intended m gravity at all. tie should wish,
ceatainly, with the consent of Cuba and Spain, that
Cuba might at some future time be introduced and
become a portion of the United States; but the re-
mark to which his friend from Virginia alluded was
made in entirely a jocular spirit, and not designed
to be taken as serious.]
Mr. Archer resumed. Let it be so, sir. It still
shows all that is necessary for the important view
which i am now endeavoring to present to the
country. It shows that this idea of our expansion
in that direction is not thought of with the horror
in which it out to be regarded. Now, sir, what is
the proportion of black population in Cuba to white?
I do not know exactly, but certainly very large—
probably, let me assume, eighty or ninety in a hun-
dred. She presents herself to the advocates of this
principle of expansion for admission into the Union.
She is admitted. What is the next argument? Why,
that they cannot, consistently with their principles,
think of permitting eighty or ninety men in a hun-
dred to be subjected to the dominion of ten. They
would proceed to emancipate these eight or ninety,
and put them upon an equality with the remainder.
On this ppinciple of democracy you are led to in-
troduce this State of Cuba, with her black popula-
tion, into our confederacy and councils. The se-
quel then becomes inevitable. When you intro-
duce Cuba in this form, why not introduce Hayti,
Jamaica, and all the islands of the West India group,
on the same reason of expediency that the introduc-
tion of Texas is now det -red—to consolidate and
strengthen us, on this our vulnerable side, against
