332
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
On the admission of Iowa and Florida—Mr. Vinton.
H. of Reps.
let me remark, Mr. Chairman, that if there is any
one great principle of free government more univer-
sally assented to than any other, it is that the will
of the majority shall govern. It is a principle that
ought not to be departed from except in cases of
overruling necessity. Is there here any such over-
ruling necessity? If the interests of the West stood
°"t prominently and durably in opposition to those
of the East, as our fathers thought they would when
they set this policy on foot,it is freely admitted that in
such case the weaker interest on the Atlantic should
have a controlling check somewhere against the cu-
pidity, injustice, and oppression of the stronger
power; for all history and all experience prove that
tne justice, equity, and magnanimity of communi-
ties cannot be safely relied upon when their inter-
ests come in conflict with each other. If I had
lived in the days when this opinion prevailed, and
had thought as our fathers did on this subject, I
should have acted as they did, from a conviction of
its overruling necessity. But we all now know that
in this respect they labored under a very great mis-
take. The reason for the policy having ceased to
exist, the policy itself not only ought not to carried
further, but, it practicable, should be corrected in
the future legislation of Congress.
I hold the opinion, Mr. Chairman, that, in the
long run, the power of controlling this government
in all its departments may be more safely intrusted
to the West than in any other hands. 1 will pro-
ceed, sir, to assign some reasons for what gentlemen
may regard as a very bold declaration, and is, a be-
lieve, a novel one on this floor. If the West be per-
mitted to give shape, form, and direction to the pol-
icy of the country, its legislation will, in the main,
approach nearer to the wants, the social condition,
the interests, and the equitable claims of the whole
Union, than can be attained by vesting that control
any where else. This will be so, not because the
people of the West are any more nor any less trust-
worthy than the people of any other portion of the
Union, but because their geographical position and
their commercial dependencies are such asindissolu-
bly to unite them in interest both to the North and
to the South. And if the West be true to its own
interest—which, it may be presumed, it will always
consult—it cannot take care of itself and promote its
prosperity without at the same time taking care of
and promoting the prosperity and advancement of
the whole country. Look, Mr. Chairman, at all
the great markets of the Worth—at Baltimore, Phil-
adelphia, New York, and even Boston; and you will
see the West is as inseparably connected with them
all as are the counties that lie adjacent to their very
doors. And it is for this reason, and this alone,
that the States on the Atlantic have made such
mighty efforts, and poured out their money and
their means like water, to facilitate that intercourse
which is so essential to their own welfare as well as
to the welfare of the West. On the other hand, sir,
turn to the extieme South; look at New Orleans; be-
hold the never-sleeping, never-ending movement of
the innumerable water-craft that float down upon
'the bosom of the father of rivers, conveying; their
burdens to this common depository of the rich pro-
ductions of every clime, and tell me, sir, if it be pos-
sible for the West ever to inflict an injury upor. the
North or the South without feeling the full and fatal
recoil of the blow she strikes. Every western man
on this floor must know that we in the West can-
not live, cannot prosper, unless both the North and
the South prosper along with us. We in the
West have always felt and always acted
on the principle that our own welfare im-
peratively demanded of us to protect the capital and
labor both of the North and the South. My venera-
ble and worthy colleague now in my eye, [Gov.
Vance,] will remember a memorable occasion
when, twenty-one years ago, the sugar interest of
Louisiana was saved from ruin by tlie Ohio delega-
tion. He and myself are all that now remain here
of what was then the western delegation. And,
what is very important to be remembered, this de-
pendence is reciprocal; the South and North are, if
possible, as dependent on the West as it is on them.
Can any one estimate how much the final greatne ,?
of New York and New Orleans depend on the
West' I hence confidently reassert that, giving to
the West credit for no higher or better motive than
consulting its own welfare, its legislation, its gene-
ral policy, may be more safely trusted in the long
run by the whole Union, than can any other section
of it; and consequently, when it shall have a major-
ity of the population of the nation, it ought, in jus-
tice to itself and for the good of all, to be represent-
ed in all the departments of the law-making power,
as nearly as may be, according to the relative num-
bers of its people.
But, Mr. Chairman, in illustration of the safety as
well as policy of giving to the Westits due share in
the legislation of the country, permit me to call your
attention to another consideration. Communities,
like individuals, are influenced by their likes arid
dislikes; in a word, by their prejudices almost as
much as by their interests. Now, it very fortunate-
ly for the West, and equally so for the whole coun-
try, so happens that it has no prejudices against
either the North or the South; it bears a good will
and kindly feeling to both; and, so far as I know,
both are free from bias against the West; both re-
ciprocate to the West its good will and kindness of
feeling for them; the West, being so identified in
interest and feeling with both, holds the position of
an impartial umpire between their jealousies and
prejudicies against each other, and between their
conflicting interests, either real or imaginary, and
most of them I believe to be of the latter class.
In another particular, also, the West is and must
be a safe umpire between the conflicting claims of
the North and the South. The whole West, as I
have already said, is as one whole, identified i$ in-
terest in all its parts. Take, for example, western
Virginia, Kentucky, Missouri, and even Tennes-
see—the whole grain-growing and subsistence-
producing district of the slaveholding States south
of the Ohio and beyond the Mississippi, and they
are indissolubly interwoven with western Pennsyl-
vania, the country beyond the Ohio, and the Mis-
sissippi, whose free labor is devoted to the same
productions. There is no other difference between
them than that slave labor on the south side of the
Ohio and in Missouii has an agency in bringing
forth these products; while in western Pennsylvania,
beyond the Ohio, and in Iowa, these products are
the fruits of free labor. Now, all these grain-
growing, slaveholding districts have just enough
capital in slaves to cause them to take' care of and
watch over all attacks on that description of proper-
ty, and thus shield the extreme South from any in-
justice, while at the same time, in none of these
States is that description of capital paramount in
importance to all other interests; it is not with them,
as on the Atlantic at the extreme South, the one in-
terest, controlling all others; while on the other side,
looking to the North, their products being the same
with the grain-growing, non-slaveholding States,
they all go, and ever must go, to the same markets
together; and, therefore, all have a common interest
to watch over and see that northern interests are not
sacrificed to southern. Thus the whole body of
grain-growing States, slaveholding and non-slave-
holding, have an intermediate position between the
peculiar and exclusive interests of both North and
South, and are deeply interested in the prosperity of
both. This consideration will always have its in-
fluence in permanently maintaining in the grain-
growing States of the West, not merely a feeling of
just impartiality between the North and South, but
of gO" " will to both. For it is as true of commu-
nities-*.- if individuals "that where the treasure is
there the heart be also."
Agam, Mr. Chairman, 111 another view of the
whole country, the West now exerts, and for a long
time to come must continue to exert, a controlling
mediatory influence over both North and South. It
must be borne in mind that legislation is an affair
of business, intended not merely to protect what
we have of life, liberty, and property, but to bring
its effective aid to the great work of progressive civ-
ilization, of the development both of the social and
individual man. For this great business we in this
country are surrounded with peculiar difficulties. In
the first place we have two distinc' social systems,
two forms of civilization, one based on free and the
other on slave labor, going on, side by side, each
working out gradually their own peculiar results,
and each having wants peculiar to itself. In the
next place we are composed of communities that
have made very different degrees of progressive civ-
ilization, some parts of the country being at least
half a century in advance of others, in some paits,
and, for example, in Massachusetts, already a great
division of labor has taken place; it is applied to the
business of production in many varieties of forms.
Capital has its many corresponding modes of invest-
ment. Many forms of social organization have
sprung up in aid of the efforts of capital, of labor,
and of intellectual development. On the other hand,
along the Atlantic, at the extreme South, as in South
Carolina, for example, capital and labor are for the
most part devoted to one pursuit and applied in one
form only. There, of course, that pursuit and that
tnode of investment is paramount to all others; it
controls all others, makes all others subservient to
it. Now, fortunately for the whole country, it so
happens that; as in the other respects already point-
ed out, the'West holds, and for a long time to come
will continue to occupy, a middle ground between-
the two extremes. If "we look at western Pennsyl-
vania and western Virginia, both lying on the wa-
ters of the Mississippi, at Ohio, Kentucky, and at
the whole of the gram growing section of the West,
with the exception of the very newly formed settle-
ments, we shall find that labor and capital have al-
ready assumed many forms, and are daily seeking
new modes of application and investment. In all this,
however, they are and will long continuj to be far be-
low the standard of Massachusetts, but quite in ad-
vance of that of Carolina, where, as I have already
said, capital and labor are substantially devoted to
one pursuit only. Indeed, I have been told that it is
only within a month or two past that the first steam
cotton press has been put in operation m Charles-
ton; that till now they have gone on without the aid
of this great labor-saving machine, which has been
in full operation in the valley of the Mississippi for
many years past. We have in this country many
degrees of civilization, and every stage of it requires
a system of laws adapted to its own condition. We
have also, as I have already said, two distinct sys-
tems of civilization, each calling for legal regulations
suited to its wants and condition; while the laws
that we make here must of necessity be general and
uniform in their application to the whole of these
different states of society. Andheie lies the great
difficulty in our path: a difficulty, the pressure of
which I felt the first day that 1 took my seat on
this floor, (twenty-two yeais ago,) and which I still
continue to feel with increasing force as the old
communities become more complex, as new ones
spring up almost daily, and as the two systems,
based on free and slave labor, gradually disclose
and develop their own peculiar wants and results.
The question how we shall legislate for such a coun-
try is a problem of very complex and difficult solu-
tion. We cannot come up to the standard of Massa-
chusetts, nor can we come down to that of Carolina;
and hence it is that, for more than a quarter of a
century past, both have complained of the neglect
and injustice of the general government; both have
blamed each other; both have labored under excited
feeling; both have inveighed against each other; both
have occasionally indulged in threats of the dissolu-
tion of the Union.^ Now, if we were to adapt our
legislation to the condition of Massachusetts, it
would be to the new settlements like putting the ■
garments of a full grown man upon the infant child;
and if we legislated with a single eye to the new
communities, such legislation would be to Massa-
chusetts like forcing the garments of the infant upon
the man standing full six feet six in his shoes.
Now, sir, if both the South and the North would
coolly and impartially look at the facts as they are,
at the condition of things as I have described it,
they would put down to unavoidable necessity
much they have been in the habit of blaming each
other for: they would both come to the conclusion
that, considering the complicated and diversified
condition of our society, the wonder is that our
laws have, m the main, worked so well; that they
have done so much good and so little harm.
Now, these diversities of condition will continue,
for a long time at least, to widen, since the old com-
munities will go on with the great work of devel-
opment, while new societies for a very long period
will continue to rise up in succession over our vasi
unpeopled domain between us and the Pacific
ocean. While this condition of things exists, our
laws will in the main conform to the condition of
those who occupy the middle ground between the
two extremes. That middle ground the great grain-
growing region of the West now occupies, and must
continue to do so for some two or more generations
at least. In this view also of our f.ocia! condition,
it is unwise to deprive the Wesi of its due share of
legislative powerin either branch of Congress. But,
Mr. Chairman, there still remains one other consid-
eiation why the West should have a representation
in both branches of Congress proportioned to its
population, in my opinion iar outweighing in im-
portance any that has yet been presented. We
have in this country some active centrifugal ele-
ments, and those whose attention is alone directed
to their tendency are ready .10 despair of the per4 .
manency of our Union, and fff yield themselves up-
