Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX T0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
333
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Hudson.
H. of Reps.
to the opinion that this greatest of all experiments
on free government is destined at no distant day to
prove a signal failure. But, sir, there is silently and
steadily growing up in the very heart of this nation
a great conservative power, that, if it have not al-
ready, will have, in a few short years, the strength
to hush into submission these elements of disunion.
The high function of the preservation of the Union
is committed by the hand of Nature to the dwellers
in that great giain-growmg valley which stretches
out from the summit of the Alleghanies to the foot
of the Rocky mountains, winch at this time con-
tains near one-half of the population of the Union,
and is destined in all future time to contain an over-
whelming majority uf the nation It would seem
to be necessity, to the full and sure performance of
this gieat and h sponsible duty, that, tho conserva-
tive power should hold m its hands the means of
executing it aeouulmg to the forms and under
the sanction of law—that jt should, in other
words, possess rhe power rf making such laws,
whenever the cintigcnry may arise, as will
enable if to !>i;n  ns means to hear in a legalized
form npon donn^tie violence. Without this, there
is a possibility that the conservative power might
fail to perform its appropriate function; since, if the
necessary laws weie withheld, as they might be, it
must, if it performed us duty at all, discharge it ir-
regularly, imperfectly, feebly, and hesitatingly, be-
cause without legal sanction. Fn giving, therefore,
to that which naiuic has provided as the conserva-
tive power, (he authority of its own will to ptovide
the means of poifoimmg that great trust, we shall
but second by our regulations the laws and designs
of Providence. Tin, people of that great valley will
fore\er be conservative, whoever may be otherwise;
not because of their supeiior patriotism, virtue, and
love of country, but simply because their position
forces them to be so; they must be conservative in
spite of themsehes. Disunion is ruin to them.
They have no other alternative but to resist it,
whenever or wheiever attempted. Weof the West
must have fire access to the Atlantic—to the great
markets of Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York,and
Boston—or we are a ruined and dependent people.
Suppose these markets, or any of them, to become
a part of a nation independent of the West, so that,
when western produce was on the road to market, it
might be taxed at pleasmo, or arrested altogether, at
the line of the new empire, as would probably hap-
pen, from us coming m competition with its own
producer.-'.; and suppose, what also would be likely
to happen, (he merchandise received in return were
subjected to oppicswivr expoitor transit duties: is
there a man m the West, will there bo the man
there for a thousand generations to come, that would
Hiibimt to that state of things for a single (lay? If,
then, tin attempt at disunion ho ever made m that
quarter, ttie united West must and will rally to
a man under the flag of the Union, and resist it
tu the hit-1 And, in resisting suc.h an attempt, if
ever made, (of which it is to be hoped there is
unreal dtiii'ji!-,) the people of the West will but
yield o'o, dienco m ail imperative law of their condi-
tion—of' then (i\ul ^eo^i.iphica] position, of an over-
ruling neci .^sity. On the other hand, .suppose (if
fiiicli a supposition be possible,) discontent were to
show itsrlf in the Stouth, and an attempt were made
to set up a southern or smith western republic or
empire, blocking up the road to the port of New Or-
leans and the outlet into the Gulf of Mexico: can
there be, any doubt \i hat the West would do? Again,
the same imperative law of its condition, of its geo-
graphical position, of an overruling necessity, would
fmce the nmted West to raily to the rescue of the
bruon. And—v. bet must be a eheet ini; and joyous (
reflection tocveiy lover of his country who glories
in the greatness of its destiny, and who sends tip his
prayers for its immortality—this law of necessity, I
tins bond of union, will every day accumulate new ;
force and gam new strength with the increasing
millions in the West, an<S with still more rapidly
expanding intercourse both with the North and the
South. Sir, the child is already born in that great .
valley that will live to see it inhabited by more |
than a hundred millions of human beings, all sub-
ject to this great law of necessity. Mr. Chairman,
there never was a nation on the face of the earth
that had within itsuc.il a conservative power as must
inevitably grow up in the very heart of this re-
public—a central power so irresistible and at the
sametime so indissolubly united with the external
parts of the empire—a power resting not upon the
laws of man for its existence, but upon the law of
nature, of an indispensable geographical dependen-
cy, of a permanent and increasing necessity, which
therefore must be as durable as time itself. Mr.
Chairman, I am one of those who have an abiding
faith that this great conservative power will be true
to its trust. Communities, sir, like individuals,
have their destiny. With either that destiny is but
the necessary result of their position. To preserve
this Union, to make its existence immortal, is the
high destiny assigned by Providence itself to this
great centrt.1 power.
Tn their letter of address, which accompanied the
transmission of the constitution of the United States
to the Congress of the confederation, the convention
S'iy that in all their deliberations they kept steadily
in view that which appeared to them to be the
greatest interest of every true American, uthe consoli-
dation of our Union." To attain this result, it is
well known great and mutual concessions were
made in the spirit of conciliation and compromise
on all sides. There have lived in this nation, Mr.
Chairman, two men who have, m my opinion, done
far more to consolidate the Union than the constitu-
tion, and, 1 had almost said, all the men that made
it. Each of them performed an act, the united in-
fluence of which has effected this great result.. The
first in order ofunie was the determined stand taken
by John Adams m negotiating the treaty of peace
with Great Britain by which he obtained the upper
lakes as the boundary of the United States, instead
of the Ohio river, which it is well understood would
otherwise have, been agreed upon. The c"t<<i act
was the acquisition of Louisiana by Thorn. - Jeffer-
son, which filled out and completed this gi-,' and
indissoluble system of natural lelatiom and mutual
dependencies between the West and all other parts
of the Union. These two acts laid the deep and
broad foundation upon which to build up this great
conservative power, in comparison to which the
strength of written constitutions and artificial regu-
lations are but as ropes of sand.
I am not quite sure, if the Ohio had been our
boundary, and our original limits had otherwise
remained unchanged, that the constitution would
have been strong enough to keep the North and the
South from parting before now. But that danger
is now past, or fast disappearing under the increas-
ing strength of this conservative power. The Union
is fast anchored upon it, and you cannot break it
from its moorings. Massachusetts and South Caro-
lina, the North and the South, might, for aught I
kuow, find a dividing line that would be mutually
satisfactorily to them; but, sir, they can find no
such line to which the western country can assent.
Where would you draw it? Would you make the
Ohio the boundary, as was originally proposed?
Can the people on either side of the Onio consent to
that?
Let me ask my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Steen-
Ron,] now immediately before me, who represents
an active, thnving, and enterprising people, whose
capital and lalr.-r have already sought out many
forms of application, will they consent to be cut off
from their connection with their brethren of Ohio;
that the products of their farms and workshops,
while descending that river which we all now navi-
gate in peace and harmony together, shall pass un-
der the muzzles of Paixhan guns at every bend that
brings its channel under the Ohio shore' What
benefit, what but unmitigated evil on all sides, should
we gam by that' No, sir; we of the West on both
sides of the Ohio are indissolubly one. We have
ever lived in harmony together, and ever shall. No
power can part us. Nor can the line be drawn any-
where else. If the attempt at separation be made at
the North or South—in Massachusetts or South
Carolina—it will be put down by the hand of this
great central power, impelled to action by an over-
ruling necessity. It must put it down, or lose its
own independence, and its people become hewers of
wood and drawers of water for the people of the new
empires at the North and the South.
Mr. Chairman, if I had the power to do it, I
would impress upon the nund of every man beyond
the mountains the great conception that to preserve
the Union is the glorious destiny of the West. If I
could, I would fill the public mind there to over-
flowing with this sacred sentiment—with a firm re-
solve, with a holy zeal, to prove itself faithful to the
great mission to winch it is called. I would trans-
mit it from father to son to the latest posterity. I
would, ifl could, make them feel, that, like the ves-
tal virgin that kept the saercd fire, the. high com-
mand is upon them to keep the Union, to watch
over it, to maintain and defend it forever.
But, sir, why speculate about resistance to a sep-
aration of the Union? Why talk about secession at
the North or South? Is it not a fact that both are
so wedded and bound to the West by nature and by
an thatneither can break away the connection? Lay
down the map of the country before- you; look, sir,
at the wonderful net-work uniting the West with
the North and the South, and then let any northern
or southern man tell me where h? would begin the
work of its destruction. Let him show me how he
could do it without bringing ruin on the part broken
off. But this self-preserving power of the Union
has its limits. Just so far as this mutual and
indispensable connection with and dependence
upon this great central and conservative pow-
er can be extended, so far and no farther
can you extend the limits of this republic with
any hope of permanently preserving its unity.
When you reach beyond the confines of this mu-
tual connection and dependency, and break into*
other geographical systems, no matter whether the
communities added be slaveholding or non-slave-
holdmg, they will inevitably prove, in a government
like ours, resting for its maintenance on public opin-
ion and a sense of common interest, an element of
weakness—a centrifugal and disturbing force to the
Union. By art we have overcome the barriers of
the Alleghanies, and that great valley beyond them,
spreading out far beyond the conception of our
fathers, instead of being a great centrifugal power,
as they thought it must ever be, and perhaps would
have been if those barriers had not been surmount-
ed, has now become, and as I have shown must
forever remain, itself the great conservative power
of the Union—the heart and seat of our glorious
empire, an empire in prospect such as the world
has never seen.
But we have also within the present limits of our
republic centrifugal tendencies whose influence we
have not yet felt, and cannot fully estimate. I need
not say that I refer to Oregon. Can it be brought
into this great system of mutual connection, and
made to feel its dependence upon what will be to it
the great eastern valley on this side of the Rocky
mountains? If this can be done, we may counter-
poise and overcome its centrifugal tendencies. The
waters of the Mississippi spread out almost to the
shores of the Pacific. Art, under the guidance of
enterprise and science, has already accomplished
wonders in removing barriers on this side of the
great valley, and binding together those whom na-
ture had put asunder; and science and enterprise
have capacities for the accomplishment of still
greater wonders. When those barriers that now
separate us from Oregon shall be overcome, and a
great system of commercial intercourse opened up
between the two sides of the Rocky mountains, and
through this avenue to the Pacific, and over it to
Asia—whenever this intercourse shall become such,
if it ever do, that the dwellers on the two sides of
those mountains shall feel that they are mutually
necessary to each other, then that region will thence-
forth be drawn towards and held to the great cen-
tral power as by a magnet. This accomplished, the
great conservative power, with its innumerable mil-
lions, will send out its choicest fruits of the earth
and of art to the Atlantic, to the Gulf of Mexico,
and to the great Pacific; and, if need be, will hold all
on all sides with the firm grasp of a giant. It should,
however, never be forgotten that the States that may
rise up beyond the Rocky mountains, like those
east of the Alleghanies, will form a system by them-
selves outside the great conservative power.
SPEECH OF MR. 0. HUDSON,
OP MASSACHUSETTS.
In the JIousc of Representatives, January 20, 1845—
On the question of the annexation of Texas.
Mr. HUDSON, of Massachusetts, having ob-
tained the floor, he observed, that had he been for-
tunate enough to have obtained it four or five days
before, he might have presented an argument more
worthy of the attention of the committee than it
would now be in his power to do; for he must con-
fess that the brief lie had prepared a fortnight ago
had been wofully dissected by the gentlemen who
had spoken, almost every point he had laid out for
himself having now been more or less discussed
Nothing else then remained for him than to walk
in the footsteps of bis illustrious predecessors.
I have, said Mr. H-, from the first, been sur-
prised at the course of this debate, and especially at
the manner in which this subject has been brought
into the House. What is the usual course pursued
