Jan. 184!
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL QT.OBfe.
33f
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Hudson.
Hi of Reps.
drawn from this grant of power does not by any
means follow. But the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Douglass] has told us that Congress could not
only exercise the powers enumerated, but were
clothed with all other authority "necessary and
proper" to carry them into effect. Applying it to
the subject before us, he reasons in this way: "The
constitution says that new States may be admitted
by Congress into the Union. Under this clause
Congress wishes to admit Texas as new States; but
thi3 cannot be done without annexing the' territory.
So the constitution says you may annex it."
This, sir, is disposing of a constitutional question
in a very summary manner. But is this reasoning
sound? Does it follow, because a specified power is
granted to Congress, that they have authority to
exercise that power in any manner they please, re-
gardless of the constitution and the laws of nations?
We nu^ht as well &ay that the power to pay the
debts of the United States authorized Congress to
£-eize upon the property of private individuals. They
might argue m that case precisely as the gentleman
does in this: that the debts could not be paid with-
out money, and the power to pay them justified rob-
bery and plunder. Other gentlemen have told us
that the constitution must be so construed as to give
full effect to this power to admit new States. I read-
ily admit this rule of construction; but every
gentleman knows that full effect is given to
this clause of the constitution, without the an-
nexation of foreign territory. At the time when
the. constitution was formed, we were m pos-
session of the northwestern territory, which we
held by an express covenant that it should be made
into States and admitted into the confederacy; and
all the debates jn the convention which framed the
constitution show that this article had special refer-
ence to that territory. Various propositions were
made at the time the clause to admit new States was
under consideration. The very last proposition, re-
jected immediately before the final vote on the arti-
cle as we find it in the constitution, would probably
have given the power contended tor. It was in
these words. "The legislature of the United States
have power to erect new States within as well as
without the territory claimed by the several States,
or either of them, and admit the same into Union.'1
This proposition was voted down, thereby showing
that they had no intention of clothing Congress with
power to admit new States without the limits of the
united States.—[See Elliot^ Debates.]
Another fact winch casts light upon this clause of
the constitution is, that in the articles of the confed-
eration there was an express provision that the Can-
a3as might be admitted into the Union; but, at the
formation of the constitution, when our territorial
limits were fixed, and Canada wa3 thereby placed
Without our boundary line, that article was omitted
in the constitution. This fact, m connection with
the preceding, shows most conclusively that the
power to adiim States is confined to Slates framed
out of the territory aheady m our possession. An-
other argument in support of this view of the ques-
tion may be derived from the context. The pro-
vision that new States nuy bo ndmittfd, stands in
immediate connection with the provision that Con-
gress may make all needful rules and regulations
respecting the territory of the United States: thereby
showing that the new S'atcs contemplated were to
be tormed out of ihir. t^rrrorv.
There is another view of this subject which I
wish to present to the State rights gentlemen of this
House, who ^re now such z,''<,lous adv >caKs for an-
nexai.m. I' is a favorite d.-etnne with them that
the Union is not a gm 01 nine!it of me people, but a
compact oi luugue of the States—0 great political
partnership. Now, I would gladly ask those gen-
tlemen whether, m all such associations, whether of
indiviu.ais (.'• )f States, the consent of every partner
is not iiecest-.i: y tu the admission of a new partner
into the concern? I will ask, then, whether this is
not a well settled point of law?
But wp shall, perhaps, be referred to the acquisi-
tion of Louisiana a><d Florida, as parallels to this
case. But those ca^s are not parallel to the acqui-
sition now proposal. In the first place, they were
acquired by treaty, while it is proposed to acquire
Texat by a joint lesolution. In the second place,
they were the dependencies of France and Spam,
while Texas is represented an independent na-
tion. Mr. Forsyth, in ins letter to the Texian min-
ister 1,1 1837, says:
"The question oi the annexation of') foreip-n jndepr-ndent
State to the United States. Sirs mvet :>eiurf been j ie :euied
to tins ^ >vernment. Since the adoption ul then' coastjtu.
122)
tion, two laige additions have been made to the domain W
originally claimed by the United States The circumstance,
however, of their being colonial powsessioin* of France and
and Spain, and therefore dependent upon the metropolitan
governments, render those transactions materially different
from that v inch would be presented by the question of the
annexation of Texas.'"
Besides, it is well known that Mr. Jefferson him-
self, under whose administration Louisiana was ac-
quired, regarded the act as unconstitutional. He
says himself, 111 a letter to Mr. Brenckenridge.
"A treaty, of course, must be laid before both Houses;
but, i suppose, they must appeal to the nation for an addi-
tional article to the constitution, approving and confirming
an act which the nation had not previously authomed
The constitution has made no piovision for our holding
foreign territory, still less for incorporating foreign nations
into the Union* The executive, in sci7ing the fugitive
occurrencc u hich so much advances the good oi theii coun-
try, has done an act beyond the constitution
Such were the opinions of Mr. Jefferson, and I
am unable to perceive how his State rights follow-
ers, those boasted strict constructionists, can find in
the constitution now, what their great predecessor
admitted to be wanting in his day.
Besides, sir, this power of acquiring territory is
exceedingly dangerous. If we are to construe the
constitution so as to give us unlimited power of ac-
quisition, where is this spirit of aggrandizement to
stop? If we acquire Texas, we may acquire Mexico.
In fact, it has already been intimated that we shall
want Mexico and California, and that our western
boundary should be nothing short of the great Pa-
cific. If this spirit is tolerated, it will prove in our
case, as it has m all others, the bane of empire.
But, Mr. Chairman, 1 have another objection to
annexation. We have seen that the argument
founded on the maiket and the military argument
are more specious than sound. There are other
reasons operating upon the minds of the friends of
annexation which have upon them a much more
controlling influence; reason^, which they appear un-
willing to avow upon this floor. In the, executive
documents which accompanied the treaty, as sub-
mitted to the Senate, Messrs Secretary Upshur and
Calhoun place the necessity of annexation upon its
true ground. They had learned that an unknown
correspondent had related a story that Great Britain
had designs upon Texas; that she desired tiie aboli-
tion of slavery there; and they were at once alarmed
for the safety of the "peculiar institution." Mr.
Upshur, in his confidential despatch to our minister
at the court of St. James, after speaking of the
dreaded abolition of slavery in Texas, by the advice
or influence of Great Britain, uses this significant
language:
"Texas lies immediately on thr border of Louiiinua and
.Arkansas. The blave would ha\e nothing mme to do than
simply to cross th<- Sabine or the lied river, and lie would
tmd himself a free man lie would be very sure to profit
by the opportunity. All the vigilance which the master
could use, enforced even by a harsher discipline than lie
would be willing to evert, would avail nothing. U ithm a
few years* a Ia'*ge proportion of the slaves wjrhin reoch of
the border would seek refuge in Te^as, and the remainder
would be rendered valueless by discontent and dancrcrous
insubordination The slaveholder ought not to submit and
would not submit to this."
'•Tlr' slaveholder would be cnmp°l\vl tn reh nn Inmvplf
for redrew 11° ^ o'lld en le;-a or to reclaim his own slaves
by his own force 1
Here we have the distinct avowal of Mr. Upshur
that the great object of annexation is to sustain and
perpetuate negro slavery, Mr. Calhoun even goes
further than thie, and dec,lares, m repeated in-
stances, that Texas was sought to prevent the aboli-
tion of slavery there not only, but he, adds that we
are, as a nation, bound by rhe ' furred o' 'ier.tions
imposed by the constitutional compact1' to go out of
the Union, and control the aet-« of foreign nations,
in order to perpetinfe dome^nc slavery In his
note to Mr. Pakenham, the British envoy, to inform
him that the treaty of annexation had been con-
cluded, speaking of the desire ot England to see
slaveiy abolished wherever it exists, and conse-
quently in Texas, Mr. Calhoun says:
"To hazard consequences which would be so dangerous
to the prosperity and safecj 01 this Union, without resorting
to the most effective measures to prevent them, would be,
on the part of tm' federal government, an abandonment of
the most solemn obligation imposed bj the guaianty w hi^h
the Jtatos, m adopting th:j constitnt jn, ei twd into to pro
tect ea^h other spinet whatever in.'ght eu-lan^ertheir safe-
ty whether from without or within. Acting in obedience
to tins obligation, 011 which onrfe  eial «ystem of govern-
ment re^ts, the President dn ects me to inform jou that a
treaty has been concluded between the (Tinted State-? and
Texa-.lorthe ar.nexntio i of the latter t<> the form* r ay a
part of its teroroiv, which will be :-abrr,itr«d without dfhy
to the Senate fonts approval Tlmptep b-is been O'heo
the moht efb^tuah not the only n«ean«? oJ guarding o?a.nst
thv thr< atened da.igei, and seeming then permanent peace
and welfaie.
"It is well known that Texas has long desired to be an-
nexed to this "Lnion; that her people, at the time of the
adoption of her consitution, expressed by an almost unan-
mous vote her desire to that eflect: and that she has never
ccased to desire it as the most certain means of promoting
her safety and prosperity. The United States have hereto- 4
fore declined to meet ht'r wishes, but the time has now ar-
rived when they can no longer refuse, consistently with
their own security and peace, and the sacred obligation im-
posed by their constitutional compact for mutual defence
and protection.'''
Again, in his letter to Mr- Green, our diplomatic
agent at Mexico, announcing the signing of the
treaty, he uses this strong language:
''And in the next place, that the step was forced on the
government oi the Vnited States in self-defence, in conse-
quence 01 the policy adopted by Great Britain in reference
to the abolition of slavery m Texas. It was impossible for
the United States to witness -w ith indifference the efforts of
Great Britain to abolish slavery there. They could not but
see that she had the means in her power. 111 the actual con-
dition of Texas, to accomplish the objects of her policy,
unless prevented by the mo?t efficient means; and that, if
accomplished, it would lead to a state of things dangerous
in the extreme to the adjacent States, and the Union itself.
Seeing this, this government has been compelled, by the
necessity of the case, and a regard to its constitutional obli-
gations, to take the step it has, as the only certain and effect-
ual means of preventing it."
Again, in a note to Mr. Pakenham, with refer-
ence to the treaty, he says:
"It was made necessary 111 order to preserve domestic in 
stitutions placed under the guaranty of their iespective
constitutions, and deemed essential to their safety and pros-
perity
Such are the full and frank avowals of Mr. Up-
shur and Mr. Calhoun, the past and present Secre-
taries of State. So that we are called upon to vio-
late our national faith, involve the nation in an un-
just war, oppress the country with a heavy debt,
trample upon the provisions of the constitution, and
sow the seeds of discontent and disunion among the
States, to secure, extend, and render more perma-
nent and perpetual upon the land what we were the
first to pronounce piracy upon the ocean—slavery
and the slave trade !
But we are told by Mr. Secretary Calhoun that
the constitution guaranties to the southern States
the protection of slavery. Admit it: and what fol-
lows? Does not the constitution guaranty to the
free States the interests of freedom? If we must
seize Texas that we may carve out of her territory
slave States to perpetuate slavery, have we not a
right to annex territory m another quarter for free
States to perpetuate freedom? And further. If we
are bound to take in new slave territory to secure
slavery, have we not a right to turn out some of
the present slave States to secure freedom? 1 should
like to be informed why we have not the same pow-
er to expel South Carolina that we have to bring in
Texas. If the guaranties of the constitution re-
quire us to prevent abolition in a foreign nation for
the benefit of the South, they require us to abolish
slavery at home for the benefit of the North. The
guaranties for freedom are certainly as sacred as
those for oppression.
But, sir, I have no belief at all in guaranties of
this kind. Congress has no power to interfere with
slavery m the p)ave States. No northern man con-
tends for it; they all disclaim it. But the same lat-
itude of construction adopted by Mr. Calhoun
would give them full power in the premises. I say
northern men on thi* floor do not wish to interfere
with slavery in the South. We know that it is be-
yond our control m the States. If it be an evil and
a curse, as most .southern men will admit, the re-
sponsibility is with those who alone have the pow-
er to abolisn it. And, on the other hand, if it be
the grea'est of blessings, as the gentleman from
Louisiana contended the other day, we are willing
that they shall enjoy all its fruits—we ask no por-
tion for ouiseives; we will not disturb them in the
enjoyment of such a good. Not that we feel indif-
ferent to the subject. Our sympathy is with the
oppressed. We wish to see them raised to the con-
dition of freemen. But as the constitution puts the
subject beyond our control, we shall not attempt to
violate its provisions. But southern gentlemen
must not expect that we will lend our influence to
extend an institution ^ hifh we believe to be at war
with <h" fundamental principles of law and morals,
andtoivflfct dishonor up'-n the American charac-
ter. 1 can never, with my vote or with my voice,
sustain such an institution.
I say 1 cannot do it, and hence I cannot vote for
the annexation of Texas. For it cannot be dis-
gi,is; ,j.d that Texas 'ss >u^ht aohJy for the 'purpose
ot extending sla\ery and st-en^th-m <g the slave
power. 1 know that u has been ? u'i rh.it a nexa-
tion will lead 10abolition—thutnwJi draw ort Uvs
