Jan. 1845.
appendix to the congressional globs.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. G. Davis.
H. of Reps.
least no part of the United States. Our government
ijedcd her to Spain for Florida, by the treaty of
1819. Waiving for the present, the question wheth-
er it was competent for the treaty-making power to
dismember and cede that portion of our territory,
ouf government then abandoned Texas, and with-
drew from her our jurisdiction, our laws, and our
protection. This is a well-established principle o
national law: when a country, or district of country,
is thus abandoned by a power or by its government,
it is thrown back on its original rights, and may as-
sert its independence and seek its safety by any
means it may think proper. France has acquiesced
in the treaty by which we thas parted with Texas
for twenty-five years. Texas herself acquiesced in
it, or, if she did not, she recognised the other princi-
ple, that our abandonment of her left her free to act
for herself as an independent power. Prom that
time, or some years after, impelled by what she
deemed grievances from the government of Mexico,
she asserted, and has heroically fought for, her in-
dependence and self-government. Here then is our
cession of Texas, our abandonment of the people
and country, and the acquiescence of ourselves, of
France, and of Texas in this cession, which also by
the laws of nations confers right, all uniting to give
the world assurance that Texas is separate from and
independent of the United States. Since the date of
that treaty, she has demanded no protection from
us; she has admitted no subordination, no connec-
tion. For many years she has claimed to be one
of the nations of the earth, and she is both tie jure
and th facto as independent of us as we are of her.
Every project for the annexation proposes an ar-
rangement, an agreement, a compact between two
independent powers. Nobody pretends that the ac-
tion of Congress is to operate propria vigore, and
make, of itself, Texas a part of this country. We
offer her terms and conditions, and she is as free to
propose their modification, to offer otl«rs, or to re-
ject them absolutely, as we are to tender them. We
say to her, if you will break up your government,
displace all youi officers, legislative, executive, and
judicial, convey to our government the whole of
your public property, agree to incorporate yourself
with and become a part of us, we will receive you,
we will agree to accept you in subjection to us; first
aa a territory, with a stipulation on our part that
you shall be hereafter erected into States, or you
shall be annexed at once as a State, with the right to
be divided into several States as your increasing
population ■ and other considerations shall make it
proper. We further agree to confirm all existing
grants of your lands, and to pay your untold mil-
lions of debt, or to assure to you all your unappro-
priated lands and the produce of your customs, to
pay your own debt; the residue of your unappro-
priated lands, and the produce of your customs,
after the payment of your public debt, to belong to
the United States of America. No sound mind can
deny that such an arrangement, when consummated,
would be a treaty, and one of a peculiarly import-
ant and complicated nature. It would be the exer-
cise of the treaty-making faculty of government in
oneof its most enduring and interesting forms—the
acquisition, by the United States, of a large foreign
territory; the admission of a foieigu people to all
the rights and immunities of American citizens, not
upon their emigration, but by annexation; and the
assumption of a large foreign national debt. The
other party to the treaty, denationalizing herself,
subverting her entire government, transferring her
whole jurisdiction, including her eminent domain,
her public property, and her people, to a foreign
country. To call such a compact, with its mutual
stipulations, obligations, and rights, a law of Con-
gress, would he as ludicrous as absurd. It would be
a permanent and momentous treaty; and it is the
treaty which it is now proposed Congress shall
make with Texas.
When our government makes a treaty with
another country, it must examine the fundamental
law of that country to ascertain what branch of its
government has authority to make treaties. Unless
they he made by the functionaries invested with the
treaty-making power, they are void and of no effect.
The constitution of Texas is substantially a copy of
ours, and it also confers the treaty-making power
upon its President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate. A nation may treat to cede a
part of ita territory, ta come wholly in subjection
tfl, or to incorporate itselt with, another nation.
The proposed treaty may be ranged under the last
class; and the ' existing treaty-making power of
Texas, yea, all the departments of her government
together, have no authority to make it. Reverse
the proposition, and let Texas make an overture to
incorporate the United States with her, upon the
same terms, and with such stipulations as are em-
bodied in the pending measure; and where is the
man so bold as to contend that the President and
the Senate, or the President and Congress, could en-
ter into such a treaty? Those functionaries exist by
the constitution, and derive all their authority from
it; and their duty, as well as their oaths, require them
to support, to uphold, to defend it. The position
that they, its creatures, may annihilate it, displace
themselves and all others in office, disband our army
and military marine, and transfer the country and
the people of the United States to a foreign State,
is preposterous. The power to make treaties of
each of the before specified classes, belongs to every
independent nation; and where the faculty to nego-
tiate either of them is expressly withheld, or, from
the general organization and essential principles of
its fundamental law, cannot be lodged and exist
with its constituted treaty-making power, such
treaty, to be valid and obligatory, must be agreed to
by the people, or by a convention chosen by them
for that purpose. So says Yattel, and so say reason
and common sense. If Congress, then, have power
to pass this measure, the assent of the President and
Senate of Texas, or of its entire government, would
not make it valid. It would have to be submitted
to the people, or their convention, and be adopted by
them; and until it received this sanction, any and
every citizen of Texas would be authorized to treat
it as a nullity and to resist its execution.
But the advocates of this measure assume that
Congress has power to admit Texas, of any other
foreign country, into the Union as a State, under
this clause:
"New States may be admitted by Congress into this
Union; but no new State shall shall be foremed or erected
witluu the jurisdiction of any other State, nor any State be
formed by the junction of two or more States or parts of
States, without the consent of the legislatures of the States
concerned, as well as of the Congress "
They argue that here is conferred upon Congress
the general power to admit States, without any re-
striction to the territory belonging to the United
States; and that, of consequence, it may admit Tex-
as, or Great Britain, or Russia, into the Union as a
State; and may, and must of necessity exercise the
incidental power of making a mutual agreement for
that purpose with the nation to be admitted. If this
position be sound, then the constitution has confer-
red upon Congress the treaty-making power, in one
of its gravest and most abiding forms.
The immediate cause that suggested this provi-
sion of the constitution was doubtless the condition
of what was then called the Northwestern Territo-
ry. In 1787, Virginia had ceded all that country to
the old confederation, upon terms and mutual stipu-
lations which formed a compact between the parties.
The validity of this, and all other agreements of the
confederation, not in conflict with the present con-
stitution, is recognised by one of its provisions. One
of the stipulations in the ordinance of 1787, is, that
the Northwestern Territory shall be erected into at
least three and not more than five States; and it is
now divided into the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illi-
nois, Michigan, and the Territory of Wisconsin.
The country now forming the States of Vermont,
Maine, Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, and Mis-
sissippi, was also within the boundaries of and be-
longed to the United States. When this clause of
the constitution was under consideration and agreed
to, the members of the convention no doubt contem-
plated the erection of all or apart of that country,
as well as the Northwestern Territory, into Slates.
It has been contended that Canada too was in the
convention, and her admission as a State was in-
tended to be provided for by this clause of the con-
stitution. But this is a gratuitous assumption. The
old articles of confederation, adopted in 1777, pro-
vided expressly that Canada might be admitted into
the confederacy; and agents were sent into that
province to induce her to become a party to it, but
without success. She adhered to England through-
out the revolutionary war. In 1783 the definitive
treaty of peace w^s agreed upon between the United
States and Great Britain, and no body dreamed then
of attempting to divest, in any mode, the latter pow-
er of Canada. In 1787 the present constitution was
formed, and Canada was then as quiet and loyal to
the English crown as any of her possessions; and
the members of the convention, from her situation,
and from any thing which was said in that body,
had no more view to Canada that) they had to Nova
Scotia or Louisiana. The probability is, that they
had no particular reference to either of those
nrovinces, or to any country outside of our own
limits.
The origin and history of this clause is referred
to, in support of the deduction of the incidental
power of acquiring foreign territory, which is claim-
ed for Congress. It is true that, when the resolu-
tion in favor of a power in Congress to admit new
States was referred by the convention to the Com-
mittee of Detail, its terms proposed to limit the new
States to the boundary of the United States. It is
likewise true that this committee reported the clause
in their draft of the constitution thus:
"New States lawfully constituted, or established within
the limits of the United States, maybe admitted by thelegis
lature into this government; but to such admission the con
sent of two-thirds of the members present in each House
shall be necessary. If a new State shall arise within the
limits of any of the present States, the consent of the legis-
lature of such States shall be also necessary to its admis-
sion. If the admission be consented to, the new States shall
be admitted on the same terms with the original States.
But the legislature may make conditions with the new
States concerning the public debt which shall be then sub-
sisting."
When this clause was under consideration in con-
vention, the first motion made upon it was to strike
out its two last clauses, which prevailed. It was
then moved to strike out these words: "But to such
admission the consent of two-thirds of the members
present in each House shall be necessary;" and this
was also carried. The following substitute was
then proposed and adopted:
"New States may he admitted by the legislature into this
Union; but no new State shall be erected within the limits
of any of the present States without the consent of the
legislature of such States, as well as of the general legis-
lature."
It will be observed that this substitute omits the
words "within the limits of the United States," and
also the immediately preceding words, "lawfully con-
stituted or established." In the existing condition
of the eountry, with an amount of its territory which
has since been erected into new States much larger
than the area of the old thirteen, it is probable that
the words "lawfully constituted or established" at-
tracted more attention, and were deemed of more
practical significance, than the words "within the
limits of the United States." What would be "le-
gally constituted or established States" might be a
matter of debate and conflicting opinion, and give
rise to much trouble and bitter controversy. It is
quite probable that this provision was regarded by
the convention as the same in substance, with or
without the words "within the limits of the United
States;" for, after amendments were successively
offered and passed to strike out of the substitute the
words "the limits," and insert "the jurisdiction,"
and also to insert the words "hereafter formed or"
after "shall be," it was then moved to postpone its
consideration to take up the following proposition
by the State of Maryland-
""The legislature of the United States shall have power
to erect new States within, as well as without, the territory
clairned by the several States, or either of them, and admit
the same into the Uniou: Ptui- idrd, That nothing in this
constitution shall be construed to ali'ect the claim of the
United States to vacant lands ceded to them by the late
treaty of peace."
This motion passed in the negative. If it be ar-
gued that the convention struck out the restriction
upon the formation of new States to territory within
our limits, it may be answered, as a set-off, that it
refused to authorize them to be made without the
then boundary of the United States. It does not ap-
pear that there was any specific contest and question
between the power to make new Slates "withm"and
"without" our limits. If the attention of the con-
vention was directed to this point, it is plain that,
from its refusal both to limit the power of Congress
to form new States by our existing boundary, and,
also to enlarge this power by authorizing it to make
them without that boundary, its purpose was, in
the formation of States out of foreign territory, to
base the power of Congress on the treaty-making
authority, which alone could make such foreign ac-
quisition. I will put the case much stronger than it
is presented by the constitution, and contend, with
the clearest confidence, that, if the convention had
by express words authoriied Congress to admit
new States as well without as within the limits of
the United States, it would still not be competent for
it to negotiate for and to acquire foreign territory.
Such an act would be peculiarly and distinctively of
the treaty-making power; its exercise inconsistent
with the numbers and organization of Congress,
vested by terms pf unequivocal and precise imporj
