Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
28th Cong 2d Sess
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Giddings.
H. of Reps.,
the same time we shall carry with us our public
debt, and our liabilities to foreign nations, arising
from treaty stipulations. By entering into the pro-
posed union, our debt will become the debt of the
consolidated government. Our treaties, too, will
then be the treaties of the new political union, and
must be performed by it. Precisely so with Texas.
She, too, will bring with her the debts she owes.
Her entering into the new union will not affect
the rights of her creditors in foreign nations. By
uniting with her, we shall become liable with her
people for the payment of her debts. It is true that
the resolutions before us provide that the new gov-
ernment shall pay only ten millions towards the
debts ot Texas. That is the contract between her
government and ours; and I need not say to gen-
tlemen on this floor that no compact between Texas
and fbe united States can change or alter the rights
of Great Britain, which that government holds under
her treaties or compacts with Texas. These com-
pacts and treaties have been solemnly entered into
by Texas while a sovereign nation; and from the
obligations which she has thus assumed, she cannot
release herself by any act of hers, or by the joint
act of herself and this nation. She is now bound
for the payment ot her whole debt due to foreign na-
tions. The whole property of the nation is bound
for the discharge of her debts, and most remain so
until relieved by its payment. And whether she
comes into the Union as a mere Territory, or as a
State, we shall be iiolden, the whole consolidated
government will be holden, for its final payment.
The reasons are perfectly obvious. When she en-
ters into this new union either as a State or Territo-
ry, she comes under the protection of the federal
government; and we must defend her people and
their property. Her cieditors can no longer make
reprisals in ease she neglects or refuses to pay her
debts. If she fails to pay her debts, the new gov-
ernment, in its consolidated form, must either defend
her in the disgrace of repudiation, or pay her debts.
Now, the Committee on Foreign Affairs"has estima-
ted her debts at ten millions of dollars. They are
also estimated by a distinguished statesmen in the
other end of the Capitol at twenty-five millions,
while others have estimated the amount at fifty mil-
lions. It is, however, certain, that no person knows
the amount of debts which Texas owes. Her own
government is ignorant on that point, and has lately
adopted measures to ascertain its amount.
I wish most respectfully to propound an interrog-
ator to the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs: Supposing the debt of Texas to amount to
fifty millions of dollars, what do the advocates of
annexation intend to do with the balance of forty
millions which will remain after paying the sum
proposed by the resolutions before us? As the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs is not
in his seat, I will respectfully ask any friend of an-
nexation to answer the question. [Mr. Rhett, of
South Carolina, said that he proposed to have noth-
ing to do with it.]
Mr. Gjddintgs resumed. I had supposed such to
be the intention; but who does not see that a refusal
on our part to pay the debts would involve us in all
the disgrace of her repudiation? We should then
stand between Texas and her creditors; we should
not permit them to coerce the payment, nor would
wc pay the debt ourselves. The attitude which we
should occupy would surely be anything but satis-
factory. Now, sir, we should be candid with our-
selves, and with the people; and we ought to say
frankly at the outset that we intend to share with
Texas in the payment of her debts, or that we will
share with her the disgrace of repudiation.
Again, sir, we are told that on the first of No-
vember, A. D. 1840, Texas entered into a treaty of
commerce with Great Britain, by which she agreed
toadinit the manufactures of Great Britain into her
ports at the same rate of duties which Great Butain
demands upon the cotton and sugar of Texas. The
pvccise teuns of this tieaty are unknown to us. Mr.
Urquhnrt, an English u riter, says that the British
minister Litormed the public that a treaty of com-
merce had been entered into upon terms of reci-
procity, but th^t no copy of the treaty had been pub-
lished, or could be procured from the royal stationer
at London. The duty, therefore, upon British man-
ufactures, when introduced into Texas, will be com-
paratively nominal. This is the solemn stipulation
of Texas, for which she has leceived a full consid-
eration, and which she is solemnly bound to fulfil.
We have no light to step between her and Great
Britain, to relieve hei fiom the performance of her
compact. Now, when Texas comes into the
Union, I would ask any friend of annexation
whether this solemn treaty is to be fulfilled, or is
the pledged faith of Texas to be violated? If any
friend of the measure will be kind enough to inform
me on this point, and to let the country know their
intention, I will now yield him the floor for that
purpose. If gentlemen will examine this point,
they will find that we must continue, after the an-
nexation, to receive British manufactures into Tex-
as according to this treaty, or we must unite with
Texas in repudiating her most solemn obligations,
and must share with her the disgrace consequent
upon such an act of perfidy. But, sir, our constitu-
tion provides that "duties on imports shall be uni-
form in all the States." We shall therefore be un-
der the necessity of bringing down our tariff to
comport with that treaty, or we must violate the
treaty, or disregard the constitution. Which horn
of this dilemma will gentlemen prefei? These are
some of the difficulties which meet us at the thresh-
old of this measure. Many others of equal magni-
tude exist, and have been urged by gentlemen who
have preceded me in this debate.
While addressing the committee on this subject at
the last session of Congress, I spoke particularly of
the great injustice consequent upon extending the
slave representation. I would again call the atten-
tion of the committee to its present bearings. New
Hampshire has a free population of 284.573; South
Carolina has a free population of 267,360, and has
■seven repiesentatives in Congress, while New
Hampshire is permitted to have but four. Thus
South Carolina, as a compensation for holding slaves,
is allowed three members of Congress. Ohio has a
free population of more than 1,500,000, and sends
twenty-one members to this House; while Vir-
ginia, South Carolina, Alabama, and Louisiana,
with les3 free population, send to this body thirty-
nine members. Thus the slaveholding interests of
those States are represented on this floor by eighteen
members, who sit here with the representatives of
freemen, and vote for laws to govern the intelligent
supporters of freedom in our northern States. And
what is, if possible, more opposed to justice, they
are about to vote to bring in a still greater number
of the representatives of slaves, by annexing Tex-
as. In this way our intelligent people of the North
are degraded to the politicaUevel of southern slaves.
But such is the compact made by our fathers, and
we must abide by it; but there is no moral or polit-
ical obligation that makes it our duty to place the
slaves of Texas, oi of any other foreign govern-
ment, upon a level with the intelligent supporters of
liberty in our nothern States. If this nefarious plan
be consummated, it will be by the aid of northern
votes. Will any member vote for this insult to
northern freemen, and then say that he has maintain-
ed nothern rights or northern honor?
The President in his message says that "the an-
nexation of Texas to the United States will give to
Mexico no just cause of offence." We are all con-
scious that a state of war now exists between Tex-
as and Mexico. By entering into the proposed
union with Texas, we shall become obligated to de-
fend her. And when the armies of Mexico invade
Texas we must of course send our army arid navy
to repel such invasion. This interference will con-
stitute us the aggressions. We shall thus make the
war of Texas our war; and our sons will be liable
to march to that country to fight the battles of Tex-
as, to shed their blood and leave their bones to
whiten upon her plains, in order that slavery may
continue, and the slave trade flourish.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Brown] says
that his constituents had rather fight than work. I
represent no such constituency. The people of
Ohio, in the late war, showed themselves ready to
do battle for the cause of freedom; they fought val-
iantly for their liberty, their firesides, their wives
and children; but they are the last people in the
world to fight for slavery. That, sir, is an institu-
tion which they execrate, and which they would
gladly strike from existence if they possessed the
constitutional power to do so. For me to say that
they were ready to fight for slavery would be a libel
upon their character.
But this question of annexation is merely a col-
lateral consideration. It is sought only as the means
of attaining the ulterior objects of sustaining slavery
in Texas, the slave trade between our slaveholding
States and the people of that government; of perpetu-
ating that institution in the southern Stales of llns
Union, and giving to those States a preponderance of
political power. My colleague from the Lorain dis-
trict [Mr. Hamli^] has called the attention of the
committee to these objects. The official correspond-
ence now before us has placed these facts in such
palpable light that it would be a work of superero-
gation to occupy the attention of the committee up-
on that point. The official letter of Mr. Upshur,
then Secretary of State, to our ' charge d'affaires"
in Texas, commences by stating that "a communi-
cation had been received from a gentleman from
Maryland," (supposed to be Gen. Duff Green,) "in-
forming the department that a plan wag on foot
among the abolitionists of Great Britain to procure
the abolition of slavery in Texas," (not in the Uni-
ted States.) This information gave rise to the whole
effort on the part of our government to effect the
union now sought. The same officer, in a subse-
quent letter, addressed to our "charge d'affaires in
Texas," Mr. Murphy, declared his conviction "that
slavery would be abolished in Texas within the next
ten years, and probably within half that time, un-
less that government were annexed to the United
States." Other letters from gentlemen, said by the
President to be men of high standing in Texas, (but
whose names are withheld from us,) declare "that
unless Texas be annexed to the United States she
will not sustain the institution of slavery five years
longer." The declaration of Lord Brougham in the
House of Lords "that the abolition of slavery in
Texas would cut off the market for slaves now sent
from the slave-breeding States of this Union to Tex-
as, and thereby tend to the ultimate abolition of
slavery in those States," is referred to and dwelt
upon by the honorable Secretary as a circumstance
of an "alarming character." The continuance of
this traffic is one of the objects maintained in the offi-
cial correspondence to which I have referred. Du-
ring the late political campaign in some of the slave-
breeding States, these objects were eloquently urged
in the speeches of stump orators, were maintained
by the principal slave merchants of this city, one of
whom kept the banner of the "lone star" floating
for months over the prison of his sighing and weep-
ing stock of human merchandise. The same object
of maintaining this slave trade was avowed in the
other end of this Capitol by a distinguished senator,
[Mr. McDuffie;] who, after stating the increase of
slaves in the southern States, remarked: "Now, if
we shall annex Texas, it will operate as a safety-
valve to let off this superabundant slave population
from among us." And the same doctrine was ad-
vanced on this floor by gentlemen from the slave
States, who boldly avowed that "slavery must bet
maintained in Texas, or it must cease to exist in.
the United States."
But, sir, these declarations and evidences of the
motives and objects of annexation have become so
overwhelming, that even a reference to them would
appear to be a waste of time and of words. Before
I proceed further, I must notice one point in the ar-
gument of the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Rhett.] He charged the representatives of
the North with agitating the question of slavery on
this floor until we had driven the South into this
plan of annexation, as a measure of "self-defence."
And is it so? Is this assertion true? Is it founded
on fact; or does it rest in empty declamation? Sir,
who brought on the present discussion, in which
slavery, in all its bearings, is the distinct issue? It
was a slaveholding President; a slaveholding cabi-
net. It is now urged by slaveholders as a "slave
question."
■ The first treaty with the Indian tribes, after the
adoption of our federal constitution, was negotiated
by slaveholders; and, in violation of the constitu-
tion, contained a provision for the return of "fugi-
tive slaves." And for forty years scarcely a treaty
was formed with our southwestern Indians that did
not contain stipulations in favor of slavery, and
laws were passed by Congress for that purpose.
But, sir, this was not done by northern men, nor
for the benefit of northern interests. It was done
by slaveholders for the benefit of slavery. Who
brought on the Florida war for the recovery of fu-
gitive slaves5 It was a slaveholding President, for
the benefit of slaveholders. Who then agitated the
question of slavery? Was it northern men? Who
took from the public treasury forty million dollars,
and for seven years employed our army and navy,
and disgraced the nation, m order to catch and re-
turn some five hundred fugitive slaves? Did north-
ern men create that agitation? Who exerted the
national influence to prevent the extension of human
liberty in Cuba in isao? Who then remonstrated
with the King of Spain against the abolition of
slavery in that island? It was a slaveholding Presi-
ding President, aild not northern men. Who es-
