S46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Giddings.
H. of Reps.
in slavery the children of his father, and even to sell
them as merchandise. These are mild illustrations
of the moral bearings of slavery, which our Secre-
tary of State regards as humane and salutary.
Go to that bas'ileof slavery on Maryland avenue,
which is so distinctly in view from the windows of
this hall; mark its dark and hated walls; enter its
heavy gates; look into its cells; notice the counten-
ances of its inmates; witness the grief, the deep-
seated horror and despair manifest in every face; see
the heaving bosoms and the silent tears; listen to
the Suppressed sighs as they break from their tor-
tured breasts; see them chained in collies, and march-
ed on board the slaveship; view their unutterable
agony of sou] as they take a last sad look towards the
scenes of their childhood; attend them on their voy-
age to the slave market in the far South, to their new
homes; witness the deep degradation and suffering
to which they are subjected, until death relieves them
from their sufferings, and closes up the short drama;
then say whether you are convinced of the benign
influence and the moral purity of slavery. We are
asked to extend and perpetuate these scenes. Will
northern men do it' We, as a nation, have declared
our abhorrence of the slave-trade. We have de-
clared it piracy by our laws, and we punish with
death those who shall engage in it upon a foreign
coast; while, by our legi&lauve enactments, we con-
tinue and sustain it, with all its crimes and horrois,
in our national metropolis, and a high officer of this
government seeks the aid and countenance of a
European monarch to enable us to maintain it in
Texas. For that purpose he enters into a labored
argument to show to the civilized world that it is
both moral and benevolent. This essay in favor of
slavery and the slave trade is urged upon members
of this House.
Why, sir, i became acquainted with its salutary
tendency soon after taking a seat in this hall, some
eight years since. I have often related the transac-
tion, as it was communicated to me by different poi-
sons at the time. I believe their relation to be stnet-
ly corrcct; but if any gentleman doubts its entire ac-
curacy, I should be pleased to have a committee,
with power to send for persons and papers, and
let the whole truth be called forth and published.
A lady!—one of that sex in whose breasts we
look for all the finer sensibilities of our nature—re-
siding in this city, on Pennsylvania avenue, owned
a slave said to approximate more nearly to the
white than to the colored race. He was intelli-
gent and industrious. He had a wife and several
children, to whom he was much attached. His own-
er informed him that she was about selling him to
one of those piratical dealers in mankind, always to
be found in this city, and at this time advocating the
annexation of Texas and the extension of the
slave trade. The man remonstrated with his own-
er—told her that he could not survive a separation
from his children, his wife, and his friends; and
when she showed no disposition to listen to his sup-
plication, he took a knife from his pocket and attempt-
ed to cut his throat in her presence. He was seized
by his fellow servants, and the knife taken from him,
and a surgeon called, who dressed his wound. After
this was done, finding himself relieved from the
grasp of his fellow servants, he sprang from them,
ran to the bridge across the canal, and threw him-
self into its turbid waters, preferring its muddy bot-
tom for his grave, rather than submit to the torture,
the pangs, and sufferings that awaited his separation
from his family. His body was taken from the
canal the next morning by his fellow slave?, and
lay exposed for some time on the bridge located, I
think, on Seventh street.
As a further illustration, I refer to a transaction
less notorious. I am not prepared to vouch its en-
tire accuracy, though 1 believe it to be literally true;
and if any gentleman doubts its correctness 1 will
unite with him in asking of the House a committcc
for the purpose of eliciting the whole truth. ^ I be-
lieve my venerable friend before me [Mr. Adams]
has once referred to the same transsction.* A sla\e
xMr. Adams suhsequentlv informed Mr Giddixc.s that the
case to which he [Mr. AdaUs] had onco made allusion was
the case ot a woman who hart lived in Washington city.
She had been s<>t free by her owner, \\ ho v.as a w mow; but
no deed o! emancipation \va> executed, altnough the wo-
man regarded heiseU nee, and \va* bu ro^nideu by hex lonn-
or owner and all others bhe hvtd m this situation, and
became the mother ol' a family of lour children when her
owner died. The heirs ol her owner then seized upon licr
and her children, took them to Alexandiw, and sold hem
to a slave deoler While lminisoned there, she munlcicd
her two youngest children, and, v, lnle endeavoiing to t. -
the life 01 the next oldest, lie and the other suivivmg child
raised such aery of djsticssas to attiact the attention oi
mother, with her two children, was brought from
the country to the city for the pupose of selling
them to those who deal in mankind. They were
imprisoned in that common receptacle of human cat-
tle to which 1 have heretofore referred. While thus
confined m the dreary dungeon, with none but the
eye of her God and her children "upon her, she re-
flected upon her lowly hovel, her home, her hus-
band, her children, from whom she had been sepa-
rated, upon her friends and the scenes of her hap-
pier days. Then, as she looked forward to the short
life and the speedy death that awaited her, and
viewed her two children, and the lives of bondage
and degradation to which they were to be subjected,
her mind was wrought up to desperation; reason
tottered, and, reeling, fell from its throne; she be-
came a maniac, and, seising her children, tore from
them the life which God had given, then severed the
thread of her own existence, and rushed unbidden
to the presence of her final Judge. This is but an-
other illustration of the humane influence of slavery,
so much extolled by our "Secretary of State.
My colleague from the Butler district [Mr. Wel-
lkr] was anxious to extend our "democratic institu-
tions" to Texas. It is this particular branch of our
"democratic institutions" now sought to be ex-
tended and perpetuated. These scenes to which
I have referred took place in this city, under
our own laws, enacted by Congress, and which
are now kept in force by the action of the
very gentlemen who exhibit so much sympathy
for the people of Texas, and who become so elo-
quent in favor "of extending the area of freedom"
by establishing and perpetuating the slave-trade,
with its horrors and crimes, its outrages, and its
murders. Gentlemen here become pathetic upon
tlie sufferings to which the people of Texas have been
subjected during their war with Mexico. They
speak in melting terms of the predatory warfare
heretofore carried on against Texas, and they ask
the people of our free States to go to relieve them
fiom Mexican barbarity. "Why, sir, there is moie
human suffering in this city, every year, by reason
of the slave trade, than has been endured by the
whole people of Texas during their entire revolution
of eight years. The consumption of human life at-
tendant and consequent upon the slave trade in this
District is greater every year than it has been in
Texas during any period of their war with Mexico.
It should be borne in mind that this slave trade is
authorized and maintained by act of Congres, which
the advocates of annexation refuse to repeal. The
scenes which I have described, and the sufferings
which I have mentioned, are authorized by our laws,
passed by this body, and which we now keep in
force. Gentlemen on this floor, who, by supporting
the gag-rule, have for years voted to continue those
laws, and the scenes to which I have made reference
—whose hearts are unmoved by all th* suffering of
the slave population here, and by all the blood thntis
annually shed in this District, become eloquent upon
the sufferings endured by the people of Texas.
Thev are willing to spend the national treasure, and
pour out American blood, to protect the Texians,
while they authorize by law all those crimes and out-
rages, and all the violence and bloodshed, attendant
upon the slave trade in this District. Indeed, they
are striving to extend and perpetuate those crimes
in Texas, under the plea of "extending the area of
freedom."
Our President, too, in his message, speaks of the
"barbarous manner" in which the Mexicans have
prosecuted the war against Texas, and appears anx-
ious to relieve the people of that nation from the
persecutions to which they are subjected; while in
this city, within view of his own window, the slave
population are subjected to far greater suffering by
reason of our own laws. But for them he has no
sympathy, no compassion; nay, he lends his influ-
ence to extend and perpetuate m Texas these cumes
and outrages to which 1 have alluded.
The instances to which 1 have called the atten-
tion of the committee are merely examples of what
is daily taking place in the slave States. The
amount of human suffering and the consumption
ofhuman life within those States, are incalculable.
Upon the cotton plantations they purchase none
but full-grown slaves. The average lives of the
blavesjthus purchased, after entering upon the planta-
tions, are only seven years. I speak upon the au-
thor without, and they were saved by the timely aid of
per'ons near the piison. The dealer m human liesh who
had puivliAbed the \\ oman and children, returned them to
their venders, and sued them ''for fraud m selling kim a
vicipus slave."
thority of extensive cotton growers, whose long ex-
perience and observation enable them to form cor-
rect opinions. It is regarded by cotton growers as
more profitable to drive their slaves so hard that
the intensity of their labor shall produce death in
seven years, and then to supply their places by
fresh purchases, than it is to treat them more leni-
ently; thus whole gangs of slaves, consisting of
many hundreds on each cotton plantation, are con-
signed to their graves once in seven years. The
driver's lash impels them to excessive effort, and
really causes their death as much as the knife or the
pistol of the murderer causes the death of his victim.
They are hastened to premature graves, in order
that their owners may enjoy the fruits of their toil,
as much as the inoffensive rnci chant, when over-
taken by the fieebooter, is compelled to "walk the
plank."*
We have all seen notices of a convention jf slave-
holder held some years since in South Carolina, to
determine upon the length of slave life most profita-
ble to the master. That is, they met for the pur-
pose of determining whether the master would gain
greater profits from the labor of his slaves by work-
ing them so hard as to produce death in seven years,
or by treating them so humanely as to lengthen their
lives to a longer period. Upon full deliberation it
was determfned that seven years was the period
most beneficial to the master's interest. The feel-
ings of humanity or the principles of justice to
the slave did not enter into the computation. They
foi got these considerations, as did our honorable
Secretary of State m his letter to Mr. Pakenham and .
to Mr. King, Now, sir, the pirate thinks it most
profitable for him to sacrifice the lives of his cap-
tives within an hour after he obtains possession of
them. The cotton planter regards it more condu-
cive to his interest to hold his slaves under the tor-
ture or the overseer's whip for seven years. It is
certain that one is as much the cause of "his victim's
death as the other; but as to the relative degree of
guilt which each incurs, I will express no opinion.
I will leave that question for casuists of nicer dis-
tinctions than myself to determine.
Upon sugar plantations, however, the slaves are
worked still harder, and the average life of slaves
on sugar estates is computed at five years. That i^,
the planters on those estates regard it more profita-
ble to work their hands so severely as to cause their
death in five years, and then to replace them by iresh
purchases., than it would be to use them more leni-
ently. The precise number of slaves thus sacrificed
annually cannot be ascertained. We know, how-
ever, that there aie less restraints upon the increase
of slave population than there is among the free and
enlightened portion of the community. But the late
ccnsus shows that the increase of the slaves in the
slave States, between 1^30 and 1840, was about four
hundred thousand less, in proportion to their whole
number, than that of the free population. But some
of those slaves have fled to Canada and to the free
States, and others have been transported to Texas.
Allowing forty thousand as the number of those who
have thus left the slave States, and we shall still
find a deficit of three hundred and sixty thousand in
ten years, thirty-six thousand annually, and three
thousand per month, and of one hundred per day as
the number of persons whose lives are thus sacri-
ficed under the laws of our slave States and of Con-
gress. This tide of human gore is constantly flow-
ing, and we are called upon to lend our official aid
to increase and extend it. In order to effect this ob-
ject the honorable Secretary of State has urged upon
us to consider the humane and moral bearings of
slavery. It is therefore due to him that we examine
them. It is due to ourselves and to the charac-
ter of our nation; it is a duty that we owe
to mankind and to our God that we examine
Hfsely the effects and consequences of slavery and
the slave-trade before we vo'.e to extend them. That
has been my object in the remarks which I have
submitted.
Do we believe there is a Power above us that will
visit national sins and crimes with national judg-
ment^ that he will visit upon this great people the
just penalty due to lor the sutfeinig we have in-
"Wben pirates capture fisliipJtis raid they lay a plank
upon the ueck with one end piujectiiig over tiie ship s side.
On t'm< \dank each ot the crew is compelled to walk until
he g  t-- lar over the side oi the ship that hi<5 weight bears
down the oud of the plank on which he stands, and he is at
once phma't'd into his wateiy grave, and all witnesses of
the oui'tmo aie thus, disposed ot- 'i his is called 1 tratting
the plank" m order that his pirate captor mayeiijQytne
fi ruts of ids eateipnse.
