Jan. 1845
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
28th Cong 2d Sbss.
Annexation of Texas—JWr. Barnard.
H. of Reps.
fhcted, the blood we have shed; and the murders
that have been committed under our laws? 1 am
one of those who solemnly believe that transgression
and punishment are inseparably connected with the
inscrutable wisdom of God's providence. With
this impression, 1 feel as confident that chastisement
and tribulation for the offences which we have com-
mitted against the down-trodden sons of Africa
await this people, as I do that justice controls the
destinies of nations or guides the power of Omnipo-
tence. I "hold these truths to be self-evident, that
all men are created equal; that they are endowed
by their Creator with certain unalienable rights;
that among these are life, libei ty, and the pursuit
of happiness." If our African brethren received
their lives and liberty from God himself, what must
be the guilt of those who step between God and
their fellow-men, and rob them of their God-given
nghtcs. Sir, m the language of M r. Jefferson, "I
tremble for my country when I icflect that God is
just." 1 would not decide for others. "To his own
master" each member on this floor "must stand or
fall." But I most solemnly declare that I would as
soon share in the guilt of the lawless pirate, or
bathe my hands in human blood by direct murder,
as 1 would aid in extending slavery and the slave
trade by voting for the passage of the resolutions
under consideration. In our own land our African
brethren now pme m bondage. Congress cannot
relieve them. But, in the eloquent language of Jef-
ferson, I would say, "When the measure of their
tears shall be full, when their tears shall have in-
volved heaven itself in darkness, doubtless a God of
.justice will awaken to their distress," and "by his
exterminating thunder will manifest bis attention to
things of this world, and that they are not left to
the guidance of blind fatuity."
But the honoiabie Secretary assumes the doctrine
that this government is bound by the constitution
to maintain and uphold slavery and the slave trade;
that we, the people of the free States, are under
constitutional obligations to participate m the crimes
and share in the guilt to which 1 have made refer-
ence. Sir, I take issue with the honorable Secieta-
ry. I not only deny that such obligation rests upon
our people of the free States, but 1 deny that the
federal government possesses power under the con-
stitution to uphold slavery, or in any way to inter-
fere with it. But I have so often given my views
oh this point that I feel no disposition to repeat
them, particularly after the able argument of my
colleague from the Loraine district, [Mr. Hamlin.]
I hold to the docinne which was maintained by
southern and by northern men on this subject eight
years since. At the last session of the2oth Con-
gress resolutions in regard to slaveiy weie intro-
duced to this Hall by a gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, now a member of the other branch of our
national legislature, [Mr. Atherton.] It was then
reported and believed that those resolutions weie
agreed upon in a caucus of the democratic party;
that Mr. Calhoun was a member of that caucus,
and that the resolutions were originally framed by
him. One of those resolutions was m the following
words:
"Rtsohed, That this government K 3 g 'vennpent of lim-
ited powers; that by the constitution of the United States it
has no power whatever o\er the institution oi aLiveiy jn
the several States of this Union y"
For this resolution 1 voted, and so did one hun-
dred and ninety-six members of this body$ indeed,
there were only six members present who refused
to vote for it, and those gentlemen objected rather to
the practice of asserting abstract principles than to
the doctrine of the resolution. During the same
session Mr. Clay, in the Senate, maintained the
same position, lie declared that "under the com-
promises of the federal constitution no power what-
ever was granted to the general government over
the institution of domestic slaveiy, except those
which relate to taxation, representation, and the
power to restore fugitive slaves to their owners."
"All other powers said he) were withheld by the
several States, to be exercised exclusively at their
discretion." I mention Mr. Clay's sentiments, not
for the reason that he is a whig, but because he is
an eminent statesman, and that his sentiments at
that time wtre universally approved by southern
gentlemen,and almost equally so by northern states-
men. in his letter to the editor of the Lexington
Observer, dated on the 2d of September last, Mr.
Clay declares "that Congress has no power over
the institution of slavery; that the existence, the
maintenance, and the continuance of that institution
depend^ exclusively upon the power apd authority
of the States in which it is situated." These are my
sentiments. They are the sentiments of southern
men and of northern men. They are the sentiments
of our people generally. They are put forth and
distinctly maintained by the whigs of Virginia in
their address published in September last.
But a different doctrine is now advocated by the
executive and by the advocates of annexation, 'they
now declare that the people of the free States are
bound to spend their wealth, and shed their blood,
m support of the institution which they hold in such
general abhorrence. There are two parties in the
United States who hold that we have jurisdiction
over the institution of slavery. They consist of the
high-toned advocates of eternal slavery in the South,
and those who call themselves, par excellence, "the
friends of the slave," or the "liberty party" of the
North. I thipk, however, the sentiment is not uni-
versal among the latter. One of these parties insist
that we have the power to sustain it, and the other
urges that we have powei to abolish it. J3ut the
great mass of our people, consisting of both of the
great political parties, hold to what X regard as
the very obvious doctrine of the constitution, that
we have not the constitutional power to do either.
Why, sir, at the formation of the constitution, an
amendment was offered by a member from South
Carolina providing that "fugitive slaves should be
arrested and delivered to their owners in the same
manner as fugitives from justice." But Mr. Wil-
son, of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Ellsworth, of Con-
necticut, objected that such a provision in the con-
stitution would implicate the people of the fiec
States in the support of slavery, and the proposition
was rejected without a division. Does the spa it of
Wilson now inspire the sons of iny native State5
Do they hold that institution in such unmitig-.ied
detestation that they will in no respect implicate
themselves or their constituents m its support? Will
they, like their immortal Franklin, go to the very
verge of the constitution to suppiess and abolish u?
I will not doubt their regard for the inalienable
rights of men, and the honor of our nation. Nor
will I suspect that the successois of Ellsworth will
prove recreant to the noble sentiments which he
maintained in the convention that framed the con-
stitution. I cannot distrust any party from the free
States. It is impossible for me to believe that any
member north of Mason and Dixon's line can be
brought to vote for an extension of the crimes, the
wholesale murders, to which 1 have called the atten-
tion of the committee.
But, should this measure be carried through Con-
gress at the present session, it will prove to be "but
the beginning of the end." No, sir: if carried, it
will be m violation of the constitution; 111 violation
of the honor, the interests, and the rights of the
people of the fiee States; and in violation of the
lights of mail. It will then become our duty to le-
pcal those resolutions by which it is sought to trans-
fer the people of the free States to the control of
slaveholdmg Texas. The word repeal shall here-
after constitute our rallying cry and our watehwoid
in future conflicts. It will arouse our freemen to ef-
fort. It will be repeated and re-echoed "from hill
to mountain-top." It will reverberate through ev-
ery vale of the North, and will call forth a burst of
indignation that will overwhelm the enemies of lib-
erty. The momentous questions of liberty and sla-
very are now before thepeople of this nation. They
have been forced upon us by the slaveholders of the
South. Northern mew cannot, will not, shrink
from the discussion. They have become the great
absorbing topics in this hail, in most of our State
legislatures, and by the people of the United States
geneiaily. Public indignation at these attempts to
involve us in the crimcs and disgrace of slavery is
aheady awakened. It is rolling forward with an
irresistible force, which, ere long, will redeem and
purify the people of the North from the crimes and
the corroding influences of that blood-stained insti-
tution. The car of universal liberty is moving; it
has acquired a momentum that cannot be stopped;
and those who throw themselves before it, in oider
to obstruct its progress, will be crushed beneath its
resistless power.
SPEECH OF MR. BARNARD,
OF NEW YORK.
In the House of Rej,riscnh-'hve$, January, 24, 1845.
On the question of the annexation of Texas.
The subject of the annexation of Texas to the
United States, by joint resolution or act of Congress,
being under consideration in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, Mr. BARNARD
spoke as follows:
Mr. Chairman: In the humble part which I am
about to take m this discussion, with the certain
knowledge that the hand of destiny is on me, as on
all others here, and that I must fall, as they do, at
the end of one short hour, I shall not undertake to
say much about the policy or expediency of an-
nexing Texas to the United States. On this matter
I must content myself with a very brief expression
of my opinions. There is another and a prior
question to this, ami that is, whether we have any
power or right to annex Texas to the United States
at all? and to this question my attention will be
mainly devoted at this time.
But, touching the policy or expediency of annex-
ation, I may be allowed to say, m general terms,
that I deny that any necessity exists for this meas-
are strong enough to form even a good apology for
proposing or advocating it. Much more do I deny
that any such overruling state necessity exists for
annexing Texas to the United States as to make it
the duty of this Congress, as some have boldly sug-
gested, to rise above the constitution, and consum-
mate the measure in open and avowed contempt of
its principles and provisions. I deny that there is
any occasion for this measure, for any of the reasons
urged by its advocates. I deny that there is any
danger that Texas may fall into the hands of any
other power. 1 deny that the possession of Texas
would aftord us any advantage or facility in defend-
ing ourselvts against our enemies. Idenythat the
possession of Texas is, in any measure, necessary
in order to secure the institution of slavery as it now
exists in several of the States of this Union. The
best possible security for slavery is, to let it rest
just where it stands—on the compromises of the con-
stitution. If suffered to rest there, and the Union be
allowed to stand as it is, slavery will last as long as
the States in which it exists shall be willing to let it
last.
And I deny that any advantage of any sort would
be secured to the American people by annexing
Texas to the United States, any more than by an-
nexing Canada to the United States; nor with half
so much promise of advantage as might be urged in
favor of annexing Canada. Sir, it would not
strengthen our Union or our empire—quite the con-
trary. It would not add to the chances of perpet-
uating our republican foimsand our free institu-
tions—quite the contiary. It would not add to our
icpublican virtues, or elevate our republican charac-
tet—quite the contrary. We should gain nothing
on the score of reveience for the constitution, love
of order, and obedience to the laws; and nothing on
the score of popular instruction and popular intelli-
gence—quite the contrary. And we should gain
nothing m an economical point of view. We, the
people of the United States, would not be able to
produce more with Texas than without Texas, nor
have a better market for what we produce. We
should gain nothing on the score of just protection
to our domestic and national interests, or in the way
of a better security for the due execution of our rev-
enue laws. In short, we should add nothing to the
national wealth, the national prosperity, the national
security, the national respectability, or the national
honor—quite the contrary of all these things, in my
opinion.
Finally, Mr. Chairman, I deny that we have any
the slightest claim, or ground of claim, in the world
on Texas, or the territory of Texas. And I deny
that Texas, or the people of Texas, have any the
slightest claim, or giound of claim, in the world
upon us.
But, sir, pasjing by all these topics, deeply in-
teresting as they are to us all, and to the whole
country, i come at once to the discharge of the high-
est and most sacred duty which can devolve on an
American ' itizen—I mean the defence, in my hum-
ble way, of the constitution of my country against
the desperate assault which is made on it in this
proceeding for the annexation of Texas to the Uni-
ted States.
And on this subjcct, Mr. Chairman, I take the
broadest ground. I set out with laying down the
following comprehensive but "very explicit proposi-
tions:
That this federal government, by any or by all of
its departments and functional les, has no power or
rivht, under the constitution, to acquire foreign ter-
ritory and to annex that territory to the United
StaUs, and so to enlarge and expand the area and
empire of the republic; such acquisition being pro-
posed as a distinct, substantive, and independent
