354
APPENDIX fo TMG CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Miller.
Senate.
yo irconfoumied drums resounded through every valley,
i reached the banks of the Po—your troops weie there the
same evening. J pushed for Rome—they were preparing
your quarters, which you occupied that night Away then
1 start once more; I cross mountains, and rivers, and seas,
and gain the desert at last. 1 thank my fortune that there
are a thousand leagues between us, and here you are now.
For pity's sake, show me on that map of the world one little
spot you don't want to conquer, and let me live there in
jjeace, aad be sure never to meet you more.'
"Bonaparte did not speak for some minutes. At length he
said: "Iheie, >ou see that island m the great sea, with
.nothing near it—thou may'st go there.'
'■ 'How is it called'*' said l'Homme Rouge.
" 'St Helena,' said the General. 'It is not very large, but
2 promise thee to be undisturbed there.'
" 'You'll never come there, then? Is that a pledge'''
" 'Never: 1 promise it. At least, if I do, thou shalt be the
master, and 1 the slave.' "
Napoleon went to St. Helena, and died a slave!
Such will ever be the result of inordinate ambition,
when indulged by nations, or by individuals.
This measure will also introduce a new system of
naturalization. Heretofore foreigners have been ad-
mitted to the rights of citizens under a system of
probation. The alien was compelled to serve an
apprenticeship before he was intrusted with the du-
ties of a master. It has been considered a personal
privilege, to be obtained upon the indmiual charac-
ter and oath of the applicant. We are now about
to dispense with all these qualifications. A whole
community of aliens, composed of every description
of people, from the lenegades of this country,
through all the grades of the Mexican jace down to
the Zamboes, (offspring of negroes arid Indians,)
are to be admitted at once, without piobatim or
without the oath of allegiance. A kind of political
millennium this, in which a nation is to be born to
us in a day.
dut this is not all. These resolutions grant to
aliens political and official prerogatives which, by
our constitution, are especially secured to the native
citizen, or to be adopted after a certain number of
years of citizenship. No senator has ever been ad-
mitted on this floor without these qualifications.
Admit Texas as a State, and she will be icpiesented
by two senatojs who cannot possess the qualifica-
tions required by the constitution.
What effect this experiment may have upon the
constitutional rights of the native States, upon the
laws and policy of the country, time alone can p« ove.
There is nothing, however, so well calculated to dis-
turb the peace and harmony of a free people as the
introduction of foreigners into their national coun-
cils. "We may safely admit individual aliens to the
blessings of our free institutions; but to adnnt them
as States, to make them our legislators, and intrust
them with the high destinies of our country, would
be to transfer the inheritance of our futhets into the
hands of strangers. No nation can sustain its do-
mestic institutions or perpetuate its peculiar charac-
ter under this system of amalgamation. History is
full of warning upon this subject. Rome had her
system of annexation. She annexed province after
province, nation after nation,adopting their citizens
as her own; until at last the citizens by adoption
outnumbered the citizens by birth, and the old Ro-
man became a stranger in Rome. The identity of
his country was lost in universal dominion. There
was a time when the mere name of Roman citizen
made the centurion tremble in the presence of his
prisoner. But we are told that, during the decline
and fall of the Roman empire, a wealthy adopted
citizen amused himself in the streets of Rome by
flogging the natives, while his slaves followed after
and settled the damage by a few pieces of silver.
The effect of this measure upon the Union is wor-
thy of our most anxious consideration. I am no
alarmist, and do not indulge in gloomy forebodings
as to the dissolution of our glorious Union. I am
for the Union, with or without Texas. Yet no one,
it appears to me, can view this subject in all its bear-
ings without pcrceiving that it must disturb the har-
mony of the States, and weaken the ties which now
bind us together as one people. There is no doubt
that a large portion (I believe the majority of the
people) are opposed to annexation m any way.
They conscientiously believe that there is no power
under our constitution to authorize the act.
Yet they would quietly submit to annexa-
tion if two-thirds of "the States, by their
representatives in the Senate, agree to the
measure; but to force it upon them m a mode which
they believe unconstitutional, by a mere party ma-
jority in Congress, for sectional advantages, or for
political objects, will neither command their confi-
dence nor secure their obedience. But, if the whole
jountry should submit to the measure, there is that
in its policy which must weaken, if not ultimately
destroy, the Union. It is impossible to annex for-
eign State after foreign State, to admit stranger after
stranger into our fraternity, and still maintain the
union and harmony of the original family. Liberty
may be expanded into licentiousness, and the
Union may be so extended, till by its general and
ill-assorted fraternity it becomes disunion itself.
Even the sun does not shine upon all the world at
ouce; neither has our political sun the power of
blessing all the nations of the earth with its light
and heat. Within its own peculiar sphere our po-
litical luminary, the constitution, will ever maintain
the order and harmony of the glorious constellations
which belong to the system; hut introduce a strange
planet, a lone star brought from a distant part of the
firmament, and all will be discord and confusion.
I entertain no fears of disunion from any States
formed on our own territory and by our own citi-
zens. Bound together by the strong ties of kindred
and blood, tiacing their lineage from son to father,
from generation to generation, back to the veiy
graves of patriarchies of the revolution, our people
will suffer much, will endure all, for the peace and
honor of the family. Jealousies there may be,
hard words and mortal thrtats may be exchanged;
but, sir, when the article of dissolution comes, when
the question is which sister shall strike the deadiy
blow, the heart of that sister will fail, because she
bears the heart of a sister. When disunion does
come, it will be the woik of an alien, a foreign
State, a stranger unlawfully introduced into our
domestic temple, and there warmed into life and
venom.
This measure forces upon our consideration an-
other question of deep and exciting interest—orie
which I do not like to hear agitated on this floor; I
refer to the question of slaveiy. The effect of the
annexation of Texas upon the institution of slavery
is piesented in two points of view, and directly op-
posite to each other. The immediate advocates of
annexation say that it will strengthen and perpeiu- ,
ate these institutions. With them the great object j
and design of this measure is to open anew coun-
try for the employment of slave labor; to increase
the value of slaves by opening a new market in
Texas, and to add political strength to the institu-
tion at home by bringing more slave States into the
Union.
The Secretary of State goes still further. In sev-
eral late State papers fiom that functionary he not
only avows these objects, but, advancing to higher
grounds, maintains that the institution ot slavery is
a national blessing; that it is entitled to the fostering
care and protection of the general government as one
of the chief sources of national prosperity, and
therefore it is our duty to cherish and extend its in-
fluence; nay, sir, m his zeal for this favorite policy,
he has invoked other nations to unite with us in
solemn league to sustain a system of national
wealth and national power, founded upon perpetual
slavery.
The friends of annexation at the North present to
us a very dissimilar view of the effect of this meas-
ure upow eid cry. They tell us that they are op-
posed to slavery; that it is a national evil, only to be
endured under the restraints of the constitution, and
that they adopted this measure as a means of driv*
ing the evil further from them at present, and of final-
ly extirpating it altogether from the country. The
senater from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchanan] be-
longs to this latter class. That senator, m his
speech delivered a few days since, said:
"I am not fuendij to slavery in the abstract: and 3 loolc to
Texas as the probable mean? ol rehewng the i mon hom
s-laveiv at voine distant day
"i he counsels ul the Almighty cav nc\er rvh A thou-
sand \ ears are to him but as one da} "1 he past thepiesent.
and the future, are all before him He operates great changes
in the motal \\ odd b\ gradual means. Vaj not the ddmis-
sion ofTexas gt tdinlH chaw oui slave population from the
centre to the southern extremity of our I'mon. and eventu-
ally may they not pabs the Del Noite and be incorporated
v. nh a r ice v, heie the dirtinctious of color arc unknown,
and v> heie they may their freedom w ithout that taint
of degratvt'on which the) rc.Ubt e\e; expenence the
Anglo-American race >"
If 1 coirectly understand the senator's plan for
the abolition of slavery, it is by means of what may
be called the draining system. Texas is to be the
last grand reservoir into which each State will pour
its stream of surplus slavery. The negro, through
a thousand years of servile pilgrimage from genera-
tion to generation, is to drag his weary w.<y from
the Delawrare to the Del Noite, exhausting, in his
painful march, every field of labor by the sweat of
his brow, until the whole race shall be congregated
in one daik mass of worn out, profitless slaves, be-
neath the sunny skies of Texas." Then and there is
to terminate the long and wearied march of slavery.
The wilderness is passed; and from Pisgah's top the
senator, in prophetic vision, beholds the tribes
make their exodus over Jordan into the promised
land of Mexico—"there (as the senator tells us) to
enjoy their freedom without that taint of degrada-
tion which they must ever experience among the
Anglo-American race."
What may be the destiny ofour slave institutions,
or even of the country itself, in a thousand years
to come, is not for short-sighted mortals to predict;
but I cannot conceive how we are to get rid of
slavery through the process of annexing foreign
slave States to the Union, by opening new and
more profitable fields for its employment. Our
slaves, I have no doubt, will pass into Mexico as
they have passed into Texas; but they will go in
company with their masters, the Anglo-American
race, forming new slave States, hereafter to be ad-
mitted into the Union under the precedent we are
now about to establish. If this country is to be
drained of slavery, it must be by opening channels
in a duTeient direction from that of New Spain.
The deep and bloody s'.ream of slavery, which had
its source m Africa, and for years poured its bitter
waters over our land, has, thank God, ceased to
How, but its stagnant waters are still amongst us,
still taint our political amosphere. Let the stream
be turned back to its fountain—the emancipated
slave restored to his fatherland. Tins glorious work
can be consummated in less than a thousand years,
and without interfering with any constitutional, po-
litical, or individual rights.
The senator from Maryland, [Mr. Merrick,] in
hi<3 desire to represent the feelings and interests of
that State upon this subject, complains that we ol
the North desire to abridge the rights of the slave
States; not, as I understand him, by our interference
for abolition, but by denying to them the right ol
ridding themselves of slavery by sale and trans
portation. And he asks whether the people ol
Maryland are to be forever cursed with the evil of s
surplus slave population, without stopping to in-
quire whether the people of Maryland desire the
annexation of Texas for the purpose of acquiring
a market for their surplus slaves. I deny that the
people of the North," in their opposition to this
measure, interfere in the least with the rights of the
southern States.
Slavery as it exists in every State of this Union
is a State institution, to be regulated, continued, oi
abolished at the will and pleasure of the people ol
the State. Whether it be a blessing; or a curse is
no concern of the general government. Upon thi?
point I adopt the policy of my own State. New
Jersey was a slave State until the year 1820; slaves
were found in almost every family within her bor-
ders. We controlled this institution by our own
laws and in our own way; we suffered no State, nc
society, or individual, to interfere with our policy
and when we determined to abolish it, we did not
ask the general government to purchase a foreign
territory where we might sell our profitless slaves
neither did we permit them to be transferred to a
sister State; but within the State, and by its own in-
dependent action, to our own advantage or disad-
vantage, we have abolished slavery forever. When,
therefore, we object to the acquisition of foreign ter-
ritory for the purpose of extending slavery, we in-
tei fere with no domestic*State right; we leave thai
right as it is, to its full enjoyment within the limits
prescribed by the constitution; but, on the contrary,
thj friends of annexation are themselves interfering
with this Statp right. They seek to bring this ques-
tion under the contiol of the national g' \t-rnment
and ask i s power to be exerted to extend the moral
and political influence of slavery beyond the piesenl
limits of the country, and for the purpose of giving
to these influences a preponderating control over the
free States of the Union. It is the rights of the free
States that are to be interfered with. Within the
limits of our common countiy the fiee Noith will
cw.-r stand firmly and faithfully upon the compro-
mises of the constitution, seeking its only advantage
in the enterprise and free labor of its ciuzens. But,
when you atk us to extend these compromises be-
yond the limits of the country, for the purpose, as
we believe, of overcoming our legitimate and natural
advantages, vou ask that to which no free State of
the North ought to submit.
Under the view which i have taken of this sub-
ject, I will not spend a moment's time in consider-
ing the advantages which it is said will >esu!t from
