J&n. 1845.
APPENDIX TO TM£ COfttiftESSiONAL GLOSfi. ,
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Pollock.
H. of Reps.
the annexation of Texas. Believing the measure
to be unconstitutional in itself, full of danger to the
peace and happiness of the country, and dishonora-
ble to our national character, 1 would reject Texas,
were she to bring with her the wealth of the Indies;
for what can compensate for a broken constitution,
a dissolved Union, national dishonor?
After a glorious victory achieved by the combined
Grecian fleet, Themistoeles, wishing to preserve the
supremacy of Athens, to the disadvantage of her
sister- cities, informed the Athenians, in a public ora-
tion, that he had a measure to propose which would
be very advantageous to the republic. The nature
of his design, however, was such that it could not
be communicated to the people in general.
The Athenians, therefore, ordered him to impart
it to Aristides, and, if the proposition met with his
approval, to put it into practice. When Themisto-
eles had discovered to him that his design was to
burn the Grecian fleet in the haven of Pagasa, Aris-
tides, coming out (o the people, gave his report of
the stratagem contrived by Themistoeles, "That
there was nothing more advantageous, but at the
same time nothing more unjust" Upon hearing
this, the Athenians commanded Themistoeles to de-
sist from his intentions. I trust that, in this early
day of our republic, the people of the United States
will manifest as high a sense of justice as the Athe-
nians, and prefer the honor of their country to all
the advantages to be derived from Texas
This question is now in the hands of the Senate.
Each senator, 1 have no doubt, feels the deep respon-
sibility of the occasion. The eye of the country is
upon us: it looks to the Senate, the guardian of the
sovereign States of the Union, to sustain the rights
of those States. It looks to us, the conservative
branch of the government, to stand firmly between
the machinations of the executive, the phrenzy of
party excitement, and the established constitutional
rights of the people. It looks to us, also, as a whig
Senate, the only branch of the government in which
the principles of that party are represented by a
whig majority; and expects us to sustain those prin-
ciples against all the allurements of patronage, or
the influence of power. If we fall in our duty now,
we shall disappoint both friends and foes.
It is in the hour oc adversity, in the moment of
dissolution, that the virtues of parties, as well as of
individuals, are truly tested. It is then we show
the sincerity of our faith, and even in death give
immortality to principles which we labor in vain to
sustain while living. Political power is about to
pass into the hands of those who are the peculiar
friends of this measure. Why not let the measure
pass along with that power? Those who com-
menced this work should carry it on to its comple-
tion. They claim the honor of its inception; they
also should have the responsibility of its consum-
mation. Let the friends of Texas take care of
Texas, but let the friends of the Union stand by
the Union.
If our political sun is to set on the fourth of
March, let it go down in honor; mar not its de-
clining glory; so that, when the night of our dis-
content, a night of lone stars and erratic comets,
shall have passed away, li.^t sun may arise, un-
marred by spot or cloud, again to bless the nation
with its beneficent sway.
SPEECH OF MR. POLLOCK,
OF PENNSYLVANIA.
Jn the House oj Representatives, .January 22, 1845—
On the joint resolution to annex Texas to the
United States.
Mi. POLLOCK said that he did not intend to
occupy Ins allotted hour in discussing the magni-
tude and importance of the question before the
House; neither had he obtained the floor with any
purpose of convincing the committee of the propri-
ety or impropriety of the annexation of Texas.
He should not argue the question of power under
the constitution, nor express his views of the expe-
diency or inexpediency ot the measure proposed,
in expectation of making more clear positions and
principles already sufficiently defined and illustrated.
He had sought the floor mainly with a desire to de-
fine his position in this matter to the constituency
which it was his honor to represent, to express his
own opinions and sentiments on this great question,
and to declare the reasons that would control his
vote on this all-absorbing subject.
He was here from a district which differed from
him in his political creed. This district, which he
represented at the last and present session, and
which it would be his honor to represent in the next
Congress, had been and is democratic; and, although
he did not himself belong to that party, he did not
consider himself the less qualified truly to repre-
sent their views and interests on that account. It
might, perhaps, be presumed that when he avowed
himself to be against the annexation of Texas to
this Union, he was acting against the known will of
his constituents. If such was the fact, he would
hesitate before he cast his vote in opposition to their
pleasure—against their known and expressed will.
But such was not the case. During the late can-
vass, the Texas question had been distinctly made,
and Mr. P. had publicly avowed his unconditional
hostility to the measure. His opposition was per-
fectly well known; theie was no concealment, no
attempt at disguise; but the fullest and freest inter-
change of opinions. His competitor was well known
to be in favor of annexation, and he himself not
less understood to be diametrically opposed to it.
He had acted throughout the canvass with openness
and honesty, and he could not now act contrary to
his known and confirmed sentiments. If his con-
stituents should approve the course pursued by him
on this question, he would be satisfied and gratified;
if not, while submitting to their decision, he would
discharge his duty to his country, without regard to
personal consequences. Pie had received their suf-
frages, notwithstanding the prevalence of high party
excitement—an excitement almost unparalleled in
the history of political warfare. He had been sus-
tained by the whig vote of his district, and his de-
mocracy had been endorsed by a very respectable
number of the sufli ages of the opposite party. He
considered himself, therefore, most emphatically, a
"democratic whig." This, indeed, was, as the gen-
tleman before him intimated, "rara avis in tcrris;"
yet he possessed the rare merit of being just that
species of democrat.
The question of annexation, although agitated,
was not strongly urged by the opponents of his
election; and, although upon their banneis were in-
scribed "Polk, Dallas, Texas, and Oregon," yet the
first two and the last were the prominent principles
Of the opposing party.
He had heard it frequently affirmed here, during
this debate, that the question of annexation had
been decided by the people in the recent canvass;
that they had rendered their verdict; and that we
were here, not to argue the question and review their
decision, but to record the judgment, by annexing
Texas forthwith and immediately. But (said Mr.
P.) I must be permitted to ask, as a gentleman who
preceded me some days ago had done, when and
where was this decision made? Was it decided in
the State of Ohio? It is denied by some of the dem-
ocratic members from that State; and they have
truly said that President Polk received the support
of the democracy of that State, not because he was
in favor immediate annexation, but in despite of it.
Has New York decided in favor of annexation—
the Empire State, without whose vote James K.
Polk could not have been elected President of this
Union? The vote of her delegation upon this floor
will answer the question. Has Maine declared in
favor of Texas? Her legislature has very recently
expressed a different opinion. If the people have
decided it, I have yet to learn the fact Did they
decide that the tariff of 1842 should be sustained?
This was one of the issues. Will Pennsylvanians be-
lieve that the people have condemned the protective
policy? or that, in voting for James K. Polk, they
were voting against that system, and against their
interests? Sir, if the members of he Pennsylvania
delegation upon this floor—the democratic members,
I me°an—contend, as has been done by the chairman
of the Committee on FouJgn Relations, [Mr. C. J.
Incersoli,,] that the people, not only of I'cnnsyl-
vania, but uf the whole country, huve decided m
favor of Texas, then, sir, by the same rule, the
tariff of 1842 is doomed, protection is no longer the
policy of the government, and our manufacturers,
denounced and condemned, must await in anxious
suspense the execution of the sentence. Although
the abstract question of annexation may have been
decided in some parts of the country, the details con-
nected with it never have been. Sir, (said Mr. P. )
the question now under consideration is ©ne of deep
and thrilling interest. It merits and should receive
the profound attention of the whole American peo-
ple. Contemplating, as it does, the introduction of
a foreign State mio our Union; a radical change of
parties to our great and glorious confederation; in-
volving the exercise of the highest act of sovereign-
ty, the great constitutional question of power, the
integrity of the Union, the permanency as well as
the social and moral character of our free institu-
tions, and the prosperity and happiness of the peo-
ple, I am unwilling to assume the responsibility of
its decision. The people are the great party in
interest, and I could much desire that this entire
question should be submitted nakedly to their
arbitrament, could it be done in accordance with
the constitution and laws of our country. They
are the sovereigns of the land, and upon them would
I devolve the responsibility of this responsible ques-
tion. Their interests are at stake; the interests of
the entire Union are at stake; and upon them he
would cast the entire decision. Sir, could this ques-
tion be thus submitted, I firmly believe that, from
the North and the South, the East and the West, a
response would come up hero that would cause the
advocates of this measure to stand abashed before it.
The thunder-tone of a patriotic people would proclaim,
in a manner not to be mistaken, their attachment to
the "Union as it is." They are a Union-loving peo-
ple; it is the object of their earliest, fondest attach-
ment; and with the Union, the whole Union, and
nothing but the Union, they are ready to stand or
fell. They cherish this noblest work of our revolu-
tionary fathers; and when I here proclaim the senti-
ment, "the Union as it is," I but echo the sentiment
of every true and honest American heart.
And (said Mr. P.) I am for Texas as she is. I
have no feelings of hostility towards her government
or people. I would dot dim one ray that beams
from her lone star, nor pluck a leaf from the wreath
of glory that encircles the brow of her heroes. My
desire is that her lone star may glitter with increas-
ing brightness amid the solitudes and darkness of
the despotism that almost surrounds her. Sir, let it
grow brighter and brighter, and rise higher and high-
er, until its brilliancy shall equal that of the twenty-
six which now sparkle—a splendid galaxy—in the
glonous" banner of this republic. My motto is,
"Texas as she is." "The Union as it is." Our
country first, our country last, our country forever."
Sir, I feel proud of our national institutions, and re-
joice to contemplate my native land—great, glorious,
and free—stretching from sea to sea, and almost from
the rivers to the ends of the earth. Here is a thea-
tre wide enough for the largest ambition, and ade-
quate to the most daring enterprise. Here we can
exhibit to the world the example of self-government
—an example long wanting in the_ history of na-
tions. Here, sir, with civil and religious liberty as
our birthright, we can proffer to the oppressed an
asylum, and over all, citizen and stranger, throw the
broad shield of our constitution and ourlaws. Why
change the scene? why alter our political relations?
why go abroad in search of foreign alliances? Will
they add to our glory ov increase our strength? Sir,
we are a nation strong within ourselves, and the glo-
ry of our republic excites the admiration of the
world. Let us not endanger both by this, perhaps,
fatal attempt at foreign acquisition.
Sir, (said Mr. P.,) whilst I am desirous of extend-
in" the enjoymentand the blessings of liberty to the
farthest limits of our world, and while I believe its
extension and triumphs cannot be restrained, and
that it will and must travel beyond our present
bounds still I am not for extending the boundaries
of our country along with it. The principle and
the influence of freedom never can be shut m
and imprisoned within even the ample limits of
the American Union. It "will leap over, it
will break out, it will rush abroad; nor can its onward
progress ever cease till it has spread itself through-
out the entire American continent. Nor will it stop
even there The groaning nations of Europe will
see the hg;ht, and will sooner or later arise redeemed
and disenthralled. The principle never can be
crushed; but, like the pent energy of the nitrous
flame, the more weight is piled upon it the more re-
sistless and tremendous would be the final explo-
■ before the committee is of a
Since the 4th of July,
aion.
The question now 1
most interesting character.
1776 when ou? fathers proclaimed the independence
of these States, no question has arisen pregnant
with so many important consequences to the Amer-
ican people, nor has one of deeper moment, for weal
or wo to a remote posterity, been presented to any
deliberative assembly on the face of the earth. The
question of annexation presents a new era in the
history of our country. The question itself is
novel* the records of history may be searched in
vain for a parallel. Governments have Keen over-
thrown, and others built upon their rums; the weal?
