358
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Pollock.
H. of Heps.
bilities. "What is the amount of her debt? The
friends of Texas have not condescended to inform
us. Do they know the amount? Is it seven mil-
lions of dollars? is it ten, or twenty-five millions? or
is the amount still greater, as has been estimated by
some? Sir, we are anxious to know the price we
are to pay for Texas. The people are anxious.
The amount is unknown. The authorities of Tex-
as do not know it. The President of Texas, in his
late message to the legislature, urges upon that body
the propriety of adopting some mode to ascertain
the amount of the indebtedness of Texas. And yet,
sir, the majority in this House is willing, without
information on the subject, in the dark, to assume
all her responsibilities and liabilities. Sir, it is
strange to me that gentlemen, who a short time ago
declaimed so stoutly against assuming the debts of
our own States as unconstitutional and unjust,
should now, blindfolded, rush into the assumption
of the unknown debt of a foreign nation; willing to
appropriate millions out of the public treasury to
pay the debt of Texas, but unwilling to vote one
dollar to aid the States of Pennsylvania, or Ohio, or
any of the sister States of our republic. Yes, sir,
unwilling even to distribute the proceeds of the sales
of the public lands among the States—a fund every
way their own, and for the proper application of
which, for their use and benefit, the faith and honor
of the nation are pledged. Millions for a foreign
State—not one farthing for our own! This, sir, is
patriotism with a vengeance!
But, sir, a proposition is now upon our tables for
the admission of Texas without assuming her in-
debtedness, and permitting her to retain her lands as
a fund for the payment of her liabilities by herself
We cannot escape, by any action of this House,
the responsibility of payment, nor can the concur-
rent action of the Texian government lessen our
liability; our liability results from the union of sov-
ereignties. Texas is now an independent sovereign
nation; in that character she has contracted her
debts and incurred her liabilities, and it is in that
character that we propose to her conditions of an-
nexation. By the acfr-of union, the sovereign na-
tional character of Texas is merged in the national
sovereignty of the United States; not destroyed,but
existing in a new form, a component part ©f a na-
tion's "sovereignty, not a distinct and separate ex-
istence as a sovereign. Our sovereignty becomes
her sovereignty, and her sovereignty our sovereign-
ty. The duties and obligations of the parties re-
spectively coalesce and devolve upon the consoli-
dated nation. Hence it is that the indebtedness of
Texas becomes our indebtedness, our debts her
debts, to be paid out of the common treasury of
both in union.
Again, sir, by the admission of Texas into our
Union as a State, we become liable for her indebt-
edness upon the well established principles of natu-
ral justice and national law. The national sover-
eign character of Texas being united to the national
sovereignty of the American Union, she assumes
individually the character of an independent and
sovereign State; not an absolute national sovereign-
ty, but a limited constitutional sovereignty, an in-
tegral and independent member of a paramount sov-
ereignty. By this union the security of her credit-
ors is reduced, by changing the chaiacter of the
party with whom they contracted. Texas, from
being an independent nation, has become one of the
States of this Union; and this change of character
has impaired her right of "eminent domain" over
the property of the people of Texas, and thus en-
dangers the security of her creditors. By "eminent
domain" is meant the money-raising power of a
nation; the power to lay and collect taxes, duties,
imposts, and excises; to take the property of the
citizen through these means, and pay the debts of
the nation. Now Texas, as one of the States of
this Union-, will have no power to lay and collect
duties and imposts upon foreign importations—the
best established and most common mode of raising
revenue among civilized nations; she will have no
power to do any national act whatsoever. Then,
sir, to the extent that Texas is deprived of the pow-
er to raise revenue from imports, m that proportion
do we reduce her ability to pay, and consequently
impair the security of her creditors.
Sir, if we deprive her of the means of paying, we
must in equity and good conscience pay her liabili-
ties, or repudiate them altogether. The doctrine of
repudiation must never be permitted to stain the
annals of our country or tarnish her honor. We
not only, sir, by annexation, impair the security of
creditors, but we interfere with, and change the
mode of collection-—we defeat the right of action of
the creditor against Texas. What are the modes
and means usually resorted to by a foreign creditor
to obtain redress from an indebted nation? The
creditor makes an application to his government to
interfere in his behalf; for it is a principle univer-
sally recognised, that a creditor cannot institute an
action in a court of law against a sovereign nation,
to recover his claim. The government to which
application is made, willing to protect her citizens,
as is clearly her duty, directs her minister
resident at the government from whom the
claim is demanded, to open negotiations with
that government upon this subject. Should the
negotiations fail and the money be not paid,
it is then competent for the first government to
make reprisals upon the commerce of the defaulting
nation; or even to declare war, for the enforcement
of the claim, should this "ultima ratio" become ne-
cessary. These being the remedies, how stands
the case with Texas? If she remains a foreign and
independent nation, these remedies can be enforced
against her. But admitted into our Union as a
"State," it is tfot competent for her, in that capacity,
to send or receive a minister from a foreign govern-
ment; and thus, sir, a recovery of the claim by ne-
gotiation is out of the question. As regards the
second mode, reprisals, she has no commerce upon
which reprisals can be made—the commerce of the
country being exclusively national in its character,
and not appertaining to the States; and should war
be declared against her, and her territory invaded,
the United States would be bound to protect her
against invasion by an express provision of our con-
stitution. What would be our position then? At
war with a foreign nation, not to aid the collection,
but prevent the payment of the debts of Texas. It
is thus evident that we not only impair the security
of the creditor, but also the mode of collection, and
his right of action. Such being the case, we are
bound in principle and law to assume the obliga-
tions of Texas.
The insertion of the provision, in some of the
plans of annexation now before the House, permit-
ting Texas to retain her lands and pay her own
debts, is a specimen of political trickery—a mere
decoy to cheat and betray the people upon this im-
portant subject. Sir, will Pennsylvania, burdened
with a debt of forty million dollars, contracted in the
erection of a splendid system of internal improve-
ments, developing the resources and adding to the
wealth and greatness of our common country,—will
she, groaning under taxation to meet honestly her
obligations, consent that the treasury of the nation
shall be plundered to pay a foreign untold debt, to
enrich speculators and stockjobbers? It cannot be.
The existence of slavery in Texas and its pro-
posed extension, constitute a very formidable objec-
tion to annexation. We were told in the opening
of this debate that the annexation of Texas was a
"slave question." And the late Secretary, Mr Up-
shur, our present Secretary of State, Mr. Calhoun,
and our public functionaries generally, found their
principal argument for annexation in the security,
extension, and perpetuation of slavery. Sir, that we,
in the nineteenth century, a free people, proud of
our free institutions, and declaring to the world in
the great charter of our liberties "that all men are
created equal;" that we, in opposition to the moral
sentiments of the civilized world, should lend the
aid of our government to extend and confirm this
institution—an institution that now rests like an in-
cubus upon the prosperity and pcaoe of a large
portion of our Union—is to me a most humbling con-
sideration.
I will not discuss the social, moral, or economical
relations of this subject. It is a question of much
delicacy and interest, exciting in its nature, and
thorefore to be investigated dispassionately yet
fearlessly. 1 propose bnefly to eons'der this ques-
tion in its relation to the constitution. The pow-
er of Congress over this subject is very limit-
ed. It extends only to taxation, representation,
the arrest of fugitive slaves, and the right to
prohibit the importation of slaves subsequent to
the year 1808. No gentleman upon this floor, I be-
lieve, contends that the jurisdiction of Congress
over the subject extends beyond the cases stated.
Slavery is nowhere in the constitution recognised
* a national institution. It is peculiarly and ex-
clusively a "domestic institution," and over it, as
such, Congress has no control. Congress has no
power to interfere with slavery in the States, or to
attempt its abolition. It is equally true that Con-
gress has 130 power establish slavery in the free
States, or to aid its increase directly or indirectly
within the limits of the United States. An ex-
amination of the constitution, did time permit,
would prove the correctness of these positions. The
States in which slavery exists can alone exercise
jurisdiction over it. The absence of alt power in
the general government, except as before stated,
over this question, is the "best and most perfect
security for their "peculiar institutions" the South
could demand. Sir, if these propositions be true,
where is the power of Congress to introduce into
this Union, by a single act of her legislation,
twenty-five thousand slaves? Congress has the
power to prohibit the importation or introduction of
slaves into the United States, but where is her pow-
er to admit slaves? Prohibition does not imply admis-
sion. Sir, the act will be unconstitutional; a usurpa-
tion of power; the establishment of a precedent dan-
gerous to the South. Let gentlemen here once ad-
mit the right of Congress to interfere with the ques-
tion of slavery—let them recognise our right to
legislate for its increase or security, and I tell them
in all sincerity that it will be but "the beginning of
the end." Sir, I am willing to abide by the com-
promises of the constitution; and, while I will re-
spect and defend the rights of the South, I would at
the same time cherish and defend the rights of the
North. As a citizen of Pennsylvania, from whose
escutcheon the stain of slavery has long since been
washed out, I cannot, I will not, consent to add
another slave to the millions that now exist in our
Union.
Another objection to annexation is the hazard of
a war with Mexico. Mexico has refused to ac-
knowledge the independence of Texas. She con-
siders her a revolting province, and her right to
subjugate her, if she can, is not denied. . Wc have
been officially notified by Mexico that she will con-
sider annexation as a declaration of war. War still
exists between Mexico and Texas, although no
open hostilities are now in progress. Her distrac-
tions at home for the present prevent this; and, al-
though torn by dissensions there, all unite in the
determination to prosecute the war against Texas,
and the United States, should we interfere. A war
with Mexico, for this cause, would be unholy and
unjust. We have nothing to gain—everything to
lose. The privateers of every nation, sailing under
the flag of Mexico, would sweep our commerce
from the ocean. Can we retaliate upon her com-
merce? She has no commerce. Shall we send our
armies into Mexico and plant our banners on the
palaces of Montezuma? Although victory might
crown our efforts, success would be dishonor.
Gentlemen have treated with contempt the idea of
a war with Mexico, and talked flippantly of its
horrors. War, under any circumstances, is a hor-
rid evil; and may Heaven in mercy avert from our
beloved country a catastrophe so tremendous!
The proposed annexation of Texas is unconstitu-
tional in form and in substance; and this brings us
to the great question at issue in this ease—the ques-
tion of power.
Has the federal government a right under the
constitution to admit a foreign nation into this
Union as a State? It is admitted that we possess no
power to admit Texas into this Union by treaty as
"a State." Without inquiring whether we can ac-
quire territory by virtue of the treaty-making pow-
er, by conquest, in right of discovery, or as an
incident of sovereignty, I will proceed to consider
the question as it arises under the third section
of the fourth article of the constitution, which de-
clares that "new States may be admitted by the Con-
gress into this Union" This clause has received a
most liberal construction by the friends of annexa-
tion. It is declared by them to be without limit—
illimitable, and wide enough to embrace the world.
And this, too, from the zealous advocates of strict
construction. But, sir, has this clause no limit?
Does it extend to foreign States, as well as to States
arising within the limits and jurisdiction of the
United States? Let us see. "New States may be
mitted by the Congress into this Union." Does the
power to admit new States authorize the admission
of foreign States? If so, why use any words of
limitation? Why use the word "new?" The use
of this word was intended for some purpose, to es-
tablish some limitation, to distinguish the States to
be admitted from some that were not to be admitted.
If it was intended to confer the power to admit foreign
States, why not say so at once? Why use any
qualifying adjective? The words "new States" are
evidently used in contradistinction to old States, or
nations previously existing. Th§ meaning ill*
