Feb. 1845
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
28th Oojvg 2d Sess.
Improvement of Harbors and Rivers—Mr. Rayner.
H. of Reps,
tention cannot easily be mistaken. The power is
limited to new States to be formed out of the terri-
tory of the United States; arid when we find this
power included in the same section of the constitu-
tion that confers authority upon Congress to make
all "needful rules and regulations respecting the
territory" of the United States, all doubt is re-
moved.
If, at the formation and adoption of the constitu-
tion, no territory was claimed by or belonged to the
United States, then, in that event, the construction
contended for by the annexationists would have
some appearance of plausibility. But at that time
the territory claimed by us was large and extensive,
the States having, during the confederation, ceded
their lands to the Union. These lands were re-
garded with much lnteiest; and it was in reference
to them, and the contemplated formation of "new
States" out of them, that this constitutional pro-
vision vs.; inserted. The contemporaneous history
of the formation of the constitution establishes this
construction. During the debates in the convention,
as reported by Mr. Madison, himself a member, no
allusion whatever, even the most distant, was made
to the admission of foreign States. The whole dis-
cussion had relation to the formation of new States
ont of the "western lands," and the admission of
those States which had arisen within the jurisdiction
of the United States, but which had not then come
into the Union, particularly Vermont. Could a sub-
ject of so much importance as the admission of a
foreign nation into the Union be passed over by the
wise men who framed our constitution without a
single remaik? If .such had been their intention, we
would have had some expie&sion of opinion from
them in relation to it.
The whole nature and tenor of the constitution
limit the operation of this clauee to new States to be
formed out of the teiritory of the United States.
And here, sir, I cannot better express my views in
relation to this subject than by reading an extract of
a letter written by Thomas JefTeison to Mr. Nicho-
las, in 1804:
"When 1 consider that the limits of the United States are
pieeisely fixed ly the treaty of 1783—that the constitution
expressly declares itself to be made for tiie United States, I
oaimot help behevjng that the intention was not to permit
Congress to into the Inion new States which should
betormed out ol the territory for which, and under whose
authority alone, thoj were then acting i do not believe it
ua> meant that they might receive England, Ireland, Hol-
land, &c [Texas?] into it.,J
In relation to the opinions of this great man on
this question, I fieely declare that 1 would rather err
v.ith him m 1804 than be right with his pretended
followers in 1^45.
Congress is the creature of the constitution. The
power and jurisdiction of this body has been con-
ferred upon, not cieated by, Congress. We cannot
by ail act of legislation increase or extend our juris-
diction The jurisdiction of the national legislature
cannot extend beyond the Union, but must, from its
very nature, be exercised wirbm if. There is no
power conferred upon Congress that is not to be ex-
eicised within the limns of the United States; and
the subject-matter of that exercise of power must
be vithm our jurisdiction. Take any of the granted
powets of Congress—for example, the power "to
establish post omnes and post roads.'1 There is no
limitation as to place here; the words aie general and
universal, as much so as m the clause to admit new
States. But where aie these roads and offices to be
established, and this power exercised? The answer
is plain. Within the limits of the United States.
''Congress may admit new States into the Union."
"ft here nre these Stores to be formed, and where the
power exercised? The answer is not less plain.
Within the limits and jurisdiction of the United
States. And so of all the other powers of Congress.
Again: the power conferred on Congress is to ad-
mit new States, not to create new States or acquire
territory, a power of organization and inspection,
not of creation and acquisition. But gentlemen tell
that the power to admit necessarily implies the
power to acqune, that acquisition is incident to ad-
mission. If so, the incident is superior to the prin-
cipal; the imphed power more important than the
power granted. In logic and m law the major prop-
osition may and does include the minor, but here
the minor is made to include the major, which is an
absurdity.
The proposition to annex Texas by bill or joint
resolution, is an attempt to give life and vitality to
a dead treaty, a usurpation of the treaty-making
power; a violation of State rights; an attempt to make
fi contract with a foreign nation, an act which it is
not competent for Congress to perform. And here
on this subject let me refer to the opinions of Mr.
Calhoun, an authority entitled to the regard of the
strict constructionists. Mr. Calhoun, in 1816, in a
debate on the bill to carry into effect the commer-
cial treaty with Great Britain, said:
"Congress cannot make a contract with a foreign nation.
Whatever, then, concerns our foreign relations—whatever
requires the consent of another nation—belongs to the
treaty power, can only be regulated by it " "Besides these
constitutional limits, the treaty power, like all others, has
other limits derived from its nature and object It has tor
its object contracts with foreign nations, as the powers of
Congress have, for their object, whatever can be done in re-
lation to the powers delegated to it, -without the consent of
foreign nations. Each in its proper sphere operates with
genial influence, but when they bccomo eiraii'', then they
are portentous and dangerous A treaty never can legiti-
mately do that which can be done by law , and the converse
is also true."
There is another argument against the consti-
tutionality of annexation to which 1 must advert.
The constitution declares that no person shall
be a representative who shall not have been
seven years a citizen of the United States; and
no person shall be a senator who shall not have
been a citizen of the United States nine years.
Now, sir, if Texas is annexed, she will come in
without therequsite qualifications, either in her sena-
tors or representatives. The citizens of Texas are
not now citizens of the United States, although some
of them may have emigrated from this country.
The doctrine of expatriation is fully recognised by
our government. By what authority then can the
senators and representatives from the State of Texas
claim their seats in the American Congress? Will
they be permitted a seat heie in violation of an ex-
press constitutional provision? How will gentlemen
reconcile these conflicting provisions? The gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett,] admitted
there was something in this objection, and I was
pleased to see that gentleman attempt the explana-
tion. He said the design must have been either
that a State thus admitted should remain unrepre-
sented until the constitutional disability was re-
moved, or select citizens from other States to repre-
sent them. Texas is to come into the Union as a
sovereign and independent State, upon equal terms
with the original States, and yet she, equal and in-
dependent by the teims of her admission, is without
a citizen qualified to represent her sovereignty in
the Senate or her people on this floor. Will an in-
dependent State submit to the indignity either to re-
main without a representation, or beg it as a boon
from the hands of citizens of other States? When
snch anomalous consequences flow from the annex-
ation of a foreign State, the conclusion is irresistible
that the admission of such a State into this Union
as a Stale never was contemplated by the framers
of the constitution, and is in palpable violation of
that sacred instrument. But lean pursue this sub-
ject no further.
Sir, we have been told that "we want Texas,"
and "Texas we will have right or wrong " Goon
then, sir, and consummate this act; trample upon
the constitution of our country, violate every princi-
ple of international Jaw, disregard the plighted faith
of the nation, tarnish her honor, insult the moral
feelings and sentiments of a large portion of the
American people, and when the Muse of History
shall leeord the doings of that hour, she will record
for posterity our nation's error and our country's
shame.
SPEECH OF MR. RAYNER,
OF NORTH CAROLINA.
In (ke House cf Representatives, February 26, 1845 —
On the bill making an appropriation for the im-
provement of harbors and rivers, considered
with referense to the foreign relations of the
country.
Mr. RAYNER said he questioned the policy of
so heavy an expenditure at the present time. He
thought the appropriations proposed by the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Tib-
bat rs] were not only large, when the present threat-
ening foreign relations of the country were consid-
ered" but too sectional; and, if such a bill was to pass,
he wished to see its provisions made more general,
so as to embrace in its benefits his own State. He
wished not to be misunderstood. His opinions in
regard to the constitutional powers of Congress on
the subject of internal improvement were less strin-
gent than when he first entered public life. He ad-
mitted the power and the expediency of improving
those great thoroughfares of commerce and chan-
| nels of inter-State communication with which were
| identified the interests of a large section. Rivers
I (like the Mississippi and the Ohio) which ran
j through many States, and which were the natural
• outlets for their commerce, he considered it within •
j the competency of the general government to im-
; prove. He admitted the power of Congress also to
improve harbors and the mouths of smaller rivers,
when necessary to the advancement and conve-
nience of commerce with foreign nations. The ex-
ercise of this power of improvement was fraught
with great difficulty; so difficut did it frequently
prove to discriminate between objects that were na-
tional and those that were purely local. It was also
a subject on which legislation was too seldom ma-
tured with reference to the intrinsic merits of the
objects under consideration. Combinations between
different portions of the country usually secured ap-
propriations which weak and less important sections
could not obtain, no matter how palpable soever
their claims. He (Mr. R.) had been endeavoring
for every session since he had a seat in that House,
to obtain an appropriation for reopening an inlet on
the coast of North Carolina. He had, however,
until the last session, consoled himself with the
fact that the hitherto embarrassed condition of the
treasury had arrested nearly all such improvements
throughout the country. That difficulty was now
removed; the revenues of the nation were abundant
and prosperous; and he insisted that, if these works
of improvement were to go on, the claims of North
Carolina should be regarded. And although he ques-
tioned the propriety of so heavy an expenditure at
present, yet he might vote for the bill ifits benefits were
made general, and if the justice of the House would
grant him an appropriation for reopening Roanoke
Inlet and the establishment of a safe harbor on that
perilous coast. Whilst he might be willing to. vote
for such a bill as would provide for a fair and equi-
table distribution of its benefits, yet he protested
against a profligate expenditure of millions for
works merely sectional and local; more especially
when effected by the combination of different inter-
ests, neither of which had merit of its own enough
on which to stand. He gave notice now, that if this
system was to be pursued, he should insist upon an
appropriation for eastern North Carolina's great and
favorite object-—the re-opening an inlet and improve-
ment of a harbor near old Roanoke Inlet, through
which Sir Walter Raleigh's fleet first approached
our shores.
Mr. R. said he then gave notice that at the proper
time he should move to amend the bill by adding an
appropriation for effecting this great improvement;
and under no circumstances would he vote for the
bill unless his amendment succeeded. This was no
new and visionary scheme. It had been recom-
mended to the favorable notice of the general gov-
ernment I y the legislature of North Carolina four-
teen different times, as he believed. A survey had
been made under the direction of the general govern-
ment four different times he believed; and it had al-
ways been recommended as one of the most impor-
tant improvements in the country. It had been, to
his own knowledge, twice reported on favorably to
this House-by the Committee on Roads and Canals,
twice by the Committee on Commerce, and once by
a select committee raised specially with a view to con-
sidering the subject, lthad ever been recommended
as not only important to the commerce of that vast
and fertile section of country watered by the tribu-
taries of Albemarle Sound, but to the whole coast-
wise commerce between the North and South. I
presume it is well known (said Mr. R.) thatthe
site of the work which I propose is on the most
dangerous part of the whole Atlantic coast. Whilst
most subject to storms, it is at the same time most
destitute of a safe harbor in which for vessels to
seek security. There is not a season that numbers
of vessels are not lost and numbers of lives sacrificed
here for the want of a sccuie refuse in time of
storms. Humanity, as well as justice to North
North Carolina and the great commercial and naval
interests of the Union, require that this work should
be effe< ted by the government. It ib northern ves-
sels, northern crews, and northern cargoes that are
put in peril for the want of it. The increased rate
of insurance paid by northern shippers in conse-
quence of the dangers of this very pait of the coast
would pay for the completion of the work in a very
short time. Gentlemen are mistaken if they sup-
pose that this is a mere local question, m which
North Carolina is interested. If any work can be
national—if Congress can do anything of the .kind
