Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
363
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Indian Appropriation Bill—Mr. Giddings.
H. of Reps.
disasters are aggravated when our reflection is that
of the dying eagle, that the arrow which pierced
our hearts was feathered from our own wing. This
sudden change of position, in the face of the enemy,
is as dangerous in political as in military warfare.
It was not more fatal to the Austro-Russian army
on the field of Austerlitz, than it would prove to the
whig paity now if they were to attempt it.
This is, in all probability, the last speech I shall
ever make on this floor. Experience has taught me
that the strife and tumoil of political contention
bring no substantial joys, and that, after all, true
happiness is only to be found in the quiet and repose
of domestic life. Would to God that my last words,
like the song of the dying swan, could be my sweet-
est; and that 1 could be inspired with the ability
and the eloquence to arouse my gallant comrades,
with whom I have for six yeais here struggled in
vaai, to the importance of unyielding consistency
and redoubled exertion. My ambition would be
fully gratified, if, by one word of admonition, I could
stimulate them to a more vigorous resistance to the
corrupt and evil tendencies of the times. We have
been defeated, but not conquered. Our hearts are
as proud and our spirits as unsubdued, as though we
were reposjiig on our laurels in the pride and flush
of victory. Then I would appeal to them by
all the high and ennobling considerations of virtue
and of patriotism, ofhonor and of fame, to continue
to "fight the good fight," and to "keep the faith."
I would appeal to them by the precepts of our fa-
thers, to continue their eff.irts for the preservation of
our free institutions, which were the result of their
wisdom and the hciitage of their gift. I would appeal
to them m the name of a mutilated constitution,
which, like the blood of Abel, cries from the ground
for vengeance, to "fight on, fight ever." I would
appeal to them by all the associations nf our com-
mon struggles; by our bright hopes, which have
been blighted, and our common suffeiings under
defeat; by these I would appeal to them, in the lan-
guage of our late glorious chieftain, "to shake oft"
the dew drops that glitter on their garments, and
march once more to battle, to victory, and to
glory."
REMARKS OF MR. GIDDINGS,
OF OHIO.
In the House of Representatives, February 6, 1845—
On the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. Gibdings said that, as the bill had been
read through, and the amendments acted upon, he
desired to make some remarks which would apply
to the general character of the appropriations con-
tamed m it.
This bill (said he) takes from the people of this
nation, eleven hundred thousand dollars for the pro-
fessed benefit of the several Indian tribes upon our
frontiers. Every citizen will of course suppose
this vast amount is to be expended for the real ben-
efit of those remnants of the primitive tribes who
once possessed this land, now occupied by more
than seventeen millions of civilized people. But it
is the right and pnvilege of those who contubute
this fund to be fully informed of the manner in
which it is expended. They pay the money, we
expend it; and they expect from us a stuct account
of the manner in which we discharge that duty.
From the commencement of the govc rnment, we
have professed to be governed in all our intercourse
with the Indians by principles of justice and hu-
manity. We regard them as minors, incapable of
dealing for themselves, and therefore under the
guardianship of this government; and we are bound
by every moral obligation to discharge the trust re-
posed in us with fidelity. We are bound to wakh
over their interests, and to protect their rights. The
object of my present remarks will be to call the at-
tention of the House and of the country to the
manner m which these duties have been neglected,
nay violated. At an early period it was discovered
that abuses existed in the Indian department. To
prevent those abuses a provision was incorporated
into the law ''regulating intercourse with the Indian
tribes," passed m 1834, requning the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs to make an "annual report to Con-
gress of the expenditure of all moneys paid out for
the benefit of the Indians, m which he shall set forth
each item of expenditure, with the name of the per-
son to whom it was "aid, and the object of the
payment."
By reference to the report made under this law at
the last session of Congress, we shall be able to
fojm an opinion of the manner in which it bsen
obeyed. William G. Capus, one of the disbursing
agents of the department, reports the followingitems
as having been paid by him for thebenejit of the In-
dians:
1843, March 31, paid Enoch Daniels for important services
rendered the commanding general in Florida - $300
1843, March 31, paid Enoch Daniels for special and im-
portant services xendered commanding general in
Klonda 500
1843, March 31, paid Enoch Daniels for special and im-
portant services rendered commanding general in
Florida ....... 200
Making, in all, one thousand dollars paid to one
man in three different items, all charged as being
paid on the same day, "for special and important
services rendered the commanding general in Flor-
ida " But how this was done for the benefit of the
Indians is wholly inexplicable to me. But the law
requires the report to set forth "the object of the
payment." Here is a most palpable evasion of
both the letter and the spirit of the law. We have
a right to know the nature and object of those ser-
vices, but our officers have kept them both from our
view. What services were they? Were they for
the benefit of the government, or of the officer, or of
the Indians? Were the services honorable or dis-
honorable? Were they humane or barbarous? Can
any gentleman on this floor answer these questions?
Were they such as to reflect credit upon our army,
or such as to disgrace it? Were these payments
made to bribe an enemy that our arms could not
conquer5 Had a seven years' war been waged in
vain against a handful of savage warriors? Had
forty millions of dollars been spent m endeavoring
to reduce them to submission without effect? And
were we then under the necessity of purchasing a
conquest which we could gain m no other way? If
so, let us know it; for we have a right to be inform-
ed on the subject. The people demand it. That
war cost us much blood and treasure, and reflects
much upon our national honor; and I give it as my
deliberate opinion that, if the object of these pay-
ments, and of twenty-six other payments of like
description contained in said report, were known,
they would add to the disgrace of that disreputable
war.
But there are twenty-two of these items reported
as being paid to Indians "for important services ren-
dered the commanding general in Florida."
The fact that three several sums were paid to
Seminole chiefs and warriors, and the object kept
secret, warrants us in the conclusion that it was
done for the purpose of bribing them to remove
West, thereby lending their influence to induce oth-
ers to go also, and thus bring that unfortunate war
to a close. 1 will pass no judgment upon the mo-
rality of such a proceeding. Our army having fail-
ed to effect that object, it was, perhaps, a matter of
policy to try the effect of a bribe; but if that were
done, we have a right to know it. The law should
have been obeyed, and the people informed of the
proceeding. The money should also have come
from the army appropriation, and not from the In-
dian fund.
By reference to the report to which I allude, it
will be found that there are twenty-eight items
charged for moneys paid on account of "important
services rendered the commanding general in Flori-
da"—amounting m all to about seven thousand dol-
lars. This money appears to have been appropria-
ted for the benefit of the Indians, but how they
were to receive any benefit from these payments for
services rendered to our at my, is a secret reserved
to themselves by those who paid the money.
The next items in this report to which I desire
the attention of the House and of the country, are
the payments for slaves captured with the Indians
fighting in arms against our government, and, while
thus prisoners of war, sent to the western country
with the other captives. After they were thus sent
west of the Mississippi, slaveholders of Florida and
Georgia claimed them as their property, and de-
manded of this government a compensation in dol-
lars and cents for the bodies of those very enemies
who had given our army so much trouble, and who
had lost the nation so much blood and treasure.
The fact that this war was waged for the purpose of
capturing slaves is notorious. But these negroes,
being claimed by no person at the time, were re-
garded as other pusoners were, and with them were
sent to the western country. Thus we incurred the
expense of capturing and transporting them, and
now these pretended owners insist that we of the
free States shall pay to them the value of the bones,
muscles, the blood and sinews of the captives taken
in arms against our government,
It is true that the negroes were at large in the In-
dian country, and might now be much more easily
captuied than while in Florida. But the masters
felt it to be much more convenient to receive from
the public treasury a high price, than it would to go
West and bring back the slaves. They accordingly
called on Congress to hand over the money. Why,
sir, for years our Committee on Claims and the
Committee on Indian Affairs were burdened with
these demands of compensation for slaves. It is
needless to say that they were rejected by this body,
as all compensation for southern slaves or northern
apprentices ever had been by Congress since its
first organization. Up to the present Congress the
Committee on Claims never attempted to estimate
the value of human life by dollars and cents. When,
in 181G, a law allowing compensation for property
lost or destroyed in the public service was under
discussion in this hall, no member suspected that
slaves would be regarded as property; and an amend-
ment was offered providing that slaves killed in the
public service ehould be paid for by government.
This amendment was fully discussed, and finally re-
jected, there being only thirty members voting for
it. At a former session of Congress, I called the at-
tention of this body to a very able report made by
my worthy predecessor, [Mr. Whittlesey,] while
chairman of the Committee on Claims. In that re-
port the committee state that they had made exam-
ination at the office of the Register of the Treasury,
and found that, during the war of the revolution,
the federal government constantly refused to pay for
slaves, and that since the adoption of the constitu-
tion up to the time of that report, which was A. D.
1832, Congress had uniformly refused to pay for
slaves killed m the public services and he concluded
the report by rejecting the claim then before the
committee, which was probably the strongest ever
piesentcd to this body. Francis Larch, residing
near .New Orleans, owned a negro, a hoise and cart.
On the day of the great battle before that city, they
were all pressed into the public service without his
consent, and against his will. During the battle the
negro and horse were killed, and the cart destroyed
by cannon-shot. The owner then claimed com-
pensation for all of them. The Committee
on Claims in their report to which I refer
allowed compensation for the horse and cart, but
refused to pay for the slave. The report was ap-
proved by the House, and was supposed to have
established the principle that the federal government
will take no cognizance of the claim of one man to
another as property. This precedent was rigidly
adhered to, and all compensation to the claimants
of those supposed slaves who were sent to the west-
ern country as prisoners was refused.
Finding no hope of success in the legislative
branch of government, these slaveholders left this
hall, and appealed from our decision to the execu-
tive department. They urged their claims upon the
consideration of the honorable Secretary of the
Treasury with such force that they finally succeeded
in obtaining that compensation which for years had
been denied by Congiess. Thus has this slave-
holding executive usurped the power of Congress,
and set at defiance the constitution, and trampled
upon the rights, and disregarded the honor of the
fiee States. Without law, without constitutional
authority, without precedent, in defiance of justice,
and of public sentiment, the money drawn from
the pockets of northern freemen has been applied
to the base and degrading purpose of paying for hu-
man flesh. And if northern members on this floor
come forward and expose the outrage, we shall be
denounced for "agitating the subject of slavery."
By the bill before us, we appropriate for the use
of the Indian department thirty-five thousand dol-
lars as a contingent fund. The necessity for this
large appropriation arises, in part, from the expense
of the late treaty between the United States, the
Cherokee Indians, the Seminole Indians, and the
Creek Indians, signed on the 4th of December, I
think. . . .
The treaty was negotiated by commissioners ap-
pointed by the President, and has not yet been pub-
lished. In the notices which we have seen in the
public papers, we ai*e informed that "the Seminoles
are permitted to retain their property; and all ques-
tions o-rowmg out of transactions prior to their
emigration West, between them and the Creeks,
are"* to be submitted to the Piesident for de-
cision." It is also added by the editors, that
"this is an important clause, and covers a very
delicate Question." Now what this property
consists of which the Seminoles are permitted to
