Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
365
S38th Cong 2d Sess.
Post Office Bill—Mr. Simmons.
Senate.
ing are of this character; and I am not disposed to
denounce all who afford or who employ other means
of communication than the United States mail. I
believe that the rate in the bill before us, of ten
cents, is too high, and therefore will fail to accom-
plish the object desned and intended. This will be
apparent to the Senate from a single and simple
illustration. It requires as much, or more, to be
paid for the carriage of a letter from Albany to
New Y^rk than the ordinary freight of a barrel of
flour by the same channel of communication. The
disparity in the service is so obvious that you can-
not prevent or control the opinion that such a charge
ia unreasonable; and if you pass the bill with this
high rate, the peop'e will continue to remonstrate
and petition for reduction, if further reduction is
refused, they will, in greater numbers than at pres-
ent, leave your mail and seek other modes of con-
veyance. They may regret this, but they will sub-
mit to "the necessity that impels them to the sepa-
ration.'' ISo man can expect anything else who
knows the history or can appreciate the character of
this people.
The Post Office Department is a£ present without
adequate means, because it has not the public opin-
ion in its fdvor. This will continue as long as the
cause of it is allowed to remain; and after the pas-
sage of this bill, as well as n^w, unless our postage
is as low as that of individual couriers. Our object
should be to regain the good opinion and business of
the public. To do this, we must meet their wishes,
so often expressed in petitions and resolutions from
State legislatures. Does any one doubt that, with
the reduction to five cents proposed in the amend-
ment, the United States mail will have the letter-
cairymg of the country2 Jt is a little less than is
charged by competitor*; and there are other advan-
tages that would give tire regular mail the prefer-
ence at the rates charged by otheis.
The senator from Pennsylvania said yesterday
that he was in favor of low postage, but was foi a
prudent course, and was opposed to a greater reduc-
tion than to ten cents at one step. It appears to
me that this is a case where a bold step is the only
one which can be succcssful. A prudent course de-
mands an effectual reduction—one that will secure
the business to our mail. Can we hope to do this
by reducing our charge for letter-carrying from
threefold, as it now is, to double the rates charged
by our competitors, as he proposes? Individuals
have not succeeded in taking the business from the
mail by such a course; they underbid to get busi-
ness, and do the same to regain it when lost. It is
a new idea that this may be easier done by a prose-
cution for penalties, as this bill contemplates. No-
body should expect to succeed in getting custom for
the mail by prosecuting or persecuting the people
whose support it wants. There are obvious reasons
against trying such an experiment.
The only objection to a reduction which all ad-
mit will secuie the business, is that it will throw
the department on the treasury for support. Those
who urge this are forced to confess that U does not
support itself now, that its revenues diminish an-
nually, and that a reduction which shall not secure
the business will still more embarrass it; therefore,
with no reduction, or with but an inadequate one,
the department must be supported fiom the treasury,
if sustained at nil. To persist, then, in our present
system, or to make but a partial reduction, will ac-
complish none of the objects which we desire and
pose. We shall neither satisfy the public nor relieve
the treasury.
The reduction which I propose will certainly ac-
complish one of them. It will satisfy the public and
regain the business. Of this there can be no doubt,
for all the petitions and resolutions before us ask
for reduction, and very many of them for a uniform
rate of postage. Whether or not it will also ac-
complish the other object—that of obtaining sufficient
revenue to sustain the department—cannot be seen
so eleaily beforehand. It must remain to be proved
by trial. But we are not without the means of
forming an opinion upon this branch of the subject.
These means are afforded us by the trial of low-post-
age in England, and upon th'S experiment L rely for
a demonstration that the proposed reduction to five
cents will enable the department eventually to sus-
tain itself without aid from the treasury.
By the report of the Postmaster General upon
this subject it appears—
That the annual income of the Post
Office of England is, in round num-
bers, (in dollars) - $7,860,204
From which I deduct the postage re-
ceived upon foreign letters, the ex-
pense of these being paid for by
the admiralty on about seven mil-
lion letters, at the usual rate of
postage of one shilling' and four
pence is - 1,990,311
Leaving for the income on inland
postage - $5,869,893
The expenses of the department are 4,739,129
Showing an annual profit from a pen-
ny rate of postage, which is the
present English rate for all dis-
tances, of - $1,130,664
This is the result in England, where the cost of
the department is greater than ours, taken from
facts officially before us.
This result in England leads us very naturally to
inquire ifaimilar results are not to be expected from
a reduction of postage in this country. To ascer-
tain this we must institute a comparison between
our department and theirs.
The expenses of our Post Office De-
partment are about - - §4,250,000
In this is included the cost of trans-
orting public documents and oth-
er printed matter for the use of the
vai ious departments and for Con-
gress, making at least - - 250,000
Leaving for the expense incurred in
the service of the people generally $4,000,000
If the same results accompanied a reduction of
postage in this country as in England, would the
postage icceived defray ihe expenses of the depart-
ment? This is a question of arithmetic, and is easi-
ly answered.
If a population of twenty-eight millions, (that of
England,) at a penny postage for ah distances, yields
a revenue of $5,S68,892, what will a population of
twenty millions (that of the United States) yield at
the same rote? The answer is $4,192,780. This
gives a sum greater than is needed to meet the ex-
pense by near two hundred thousand dollars, at a
penny sterling, or two cents rate of postage. A sin-
gle other consideration once satisfactorily settled,
and all difficulty will disappear. Do the motives
for extensive correspondence exist to the same ex-
tent in this country as in England? This inqui-
ry involves an extensive range of subjects
—such as the gencial character of the two
people, their habits, education, business, intercourse,
ability from the general distribution of means,
&c., some of which I have taken pains to examine,
but none of which do I propose to trouble the Sen-
ate with, because we have facts for our guidance upon
this as well as the preceding bianch of the subject,
a trial in both countries instead of one. The re-
turns of the number of paying letters which passed
through the mail m this country m 1836, (before
private mails interfered,) was about thirty millions.
The number of free letters is about three millions,
making thirty-three millions. Our population may
be stated to have been at that period fifteen millions.
Then, if a population of fifteen millions, under a
high late of postage, send thirty-three millions of
letters, what would be. an equal proportion for a
population of twenty-eight millions of people? The,
answtris, sixty-two nmlioos. This agrees Within
a fraction of the number sent in England, as we aie
informed.
This examination establishes these two proposi-
tions: First, that *\ hen the rates of postage were
hii^h in Loth cuuotues, the conespondencc was as
great here as in Engl md, according to the number
of people, the number of letters in Cc<eh country be-
ing tiie same in proportion to their respective popu-
lation. Second, that if a reduction of postage to two
cents in this country should inciease correspondence
and the business of our mail in the same ratio that a
reduction to a penny sterling has increased that of
England, we could pay the expenses of the depart-
mentlit the reduced rate, (of two cents,) and have
an annual surplus of two hunched thousand dollars.
So confident am I that like causes produce like re-
sults, that I for one would not hesitate to make the
reduction at once to two cents, if I could be assured
of-as fair a trial, and for the same time (five years)
as in England, and without a doubt of the same re-
sult. But the amendment offered does not propose
so large a reduction; (with the present views of
senators it would be useless to offer such a proposi-
tion;) I do not? therefore; expect so great ap in-
crease in the correspondence here as has taken
place in England, although I believe that we have
all the same strong motives for it, if the same time
and circumstances were given to bring them into
action. But I do expect a sufficient increase to meet
the expenses of the department in less time than has
transpired in England. The increase necessary to
effect this is not so great as many seem to suppose;
it is but about one-sixth the increase which has ta-
ken place in Great Britain, provided we secuic to
the United States mad the carnage of letters, of
which no one can doubt.
It has been already stated that, to meet expenses,
there must be collected from letters and printed mat-
ter four millions of dollars annually. We have re-
ceived heretofore half a million only from newspa-
pers, &c.; which leaves three and a half millions to
be supplied by letter postage. From the reported
speech of the chairman, (from which many of the
facts I rely upon are taken,) it appears that the num-
ber of letters which would now pass through the
post office, according to the number paying postage
in 1836, with our present population, is forty-two
millions. Add to this those which have heretofoi'e
gone free, and are now to be paid for by th% differ-
ent departments, &c., (viz: three millions,) and we
have forty-five millions without any increase from
reduced rates of postage.
It requires an increase upon this number of little
more than fifty per cent, to give seventy millions;
which, at five cents, will yield theamount required—
three and a half millions.
The increase from the reduction in England has
been about three hundred and fifty per cent. Can
there be reasonable doubt that the increase will be
one-sixth as gieat here as it has been there, from a
similar caus^?
In the correctness of all the data on which these es-
timates are made, I have the admission of the honora-
ble senator from Maryland, chairman of the commit-
tee, who also yields his assent to the fairness of the
conclusions resulting from them; but he does not
agree to the amendment from an over caution.
This, I think, will be destructive, if the amendment
should not prevail. There are other facts presented
by our returns, which should give confidence of
greatly increased correspondence among our people
with low postage. I refer to the number of letters
which passed through the mail the last year, at the
two lowest rates of postage, embracing letters car-
ried not exceeding eighty miles.
An examination will show that, as the number of
square miles embraced in a circle, with a diameter
of one hundred ana sixty miles, bears to the square
miles in the inhabited parts of the United States, so
is the proportion of those who can correspond at the
two lowest rates of postage to the whole number of
persons in the country; estimating the number as if
equally distributed over those parts of the country
which are settled, and have mail accommodation.
For, as these circuits surround every one of the
fourteen thousand post offices in the country, those
containing the people who can communicate with
each other by letter at the low rate of postage, com-
prehend the sparsely as well as thickly settled por-
tions ot the country, and make, in the aggregate, an
average of about twenty-five to the squat e mile.
The two lowest rates includc letters sent not ex-
ceeding eighty miles, and embracing, at any and
every post office, all within the circuit of that dis-
tance; or one hundred and sixty mdes in diameter,
and containing an area of less than twenty thous-
and square miles; which, at twenty-five to the mile,
contains a population of hail a million—being, of a
population of twenty millions, one-fortieth part. So
that, for every person who can be corresponded
with, at these two low rates of postage, there are
forty who cannot. Yet we find by tiie returns that
there are annually transmitted through the madrf
about ten millions of letters at these two low rate??
of postage, which would give four hundred million
for the whole country, if the correspondence were as
active among ail our people as with those living
within the distance of eighty miles. This is nearly
double the number of those which pass through the
mad in Gieat Eiitam.
This exposition at once indicates the obstacles
which prevent active correspondence amongour citi-
zens. They aie distance and expense; and these
combined. How far each, of itself, forms an obsta-
cle, we have no means to ascertain. We have seen
the effect in England of reducing the expense in the
exhibits presented—the ingenuity of man has not
yet overcome to other, but is fast approaching: it.
We have itin our power to remove one of the obsta-
