366
APPENDIX 1*0 TtiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
f'eb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Post Office Bill—Mr. Simmons.
Senate.
cles here, and place our people in as favorable a po-
sition, in respect to the expense, as others. The
amendment proposes an approach to to it. It must,
of course, be borne in mind, that distance is and
will continue a great obstacle to correspondence.
People have not the same acquaintance with their
fellow-countrymen living remotely, as with those
who are near them, and, therefore, have not the
same occasion for correspondence. The same is
true in England, where letters have so greatly in-
creased by reducing postage. And although it
would not be to the same extent there, under simi-
lar circumstances, the country not covering so great
a surface, yet the difference in this respect is more
than counterbalanced by the difference in the hab-
its of the two people. There, the population is
more fixed—the people are born, brought up, and
die, without scarcely leaving the small tract of land
they cultivate. Here it i3 quite difficult. Parents
are now living, whose children were the pioneer set-
tlers of the West, where States have grown up,
teeming with millions, and outnumbering the "Old
Thirteen.1' The intimate relations between such a
people will produce a greater correspondence, ac-
cording to their numbers, than among those brought
into this comparison—a circumstance which should
give confidence in our expectations of an increased
correspondence.
There are various other points of view in which
this question has presented itself, which have been
equally convincing that a reduction to this point is
safest in reference to the ultimate ability of the de-
partment to sustain itself.
But, sir, suppose I am mistaken in all these esti-
mates; suppose that no increase takes place in the
letter correspondence of the country, in consequence
of this reduction of postage; that some fifty or sixty
millions of letters is all that will be written, what-
ever be the rate of postage: what is it our duty
to do upon that supposition? We certainly should
endeavor to carry what are written. If we do not,
the establishment will devolve on the treasury for
nearly the whole of its expenses, or it must go down
entirely. Letter-carrying is the only portion of its
business that pays cost now; and this will be profit-
able at the rate proposed. Prudence, therefore,
dictates that we should secure the carriage of these.
Can you expect to do this and retain the rate of ten
cents, now proposed to be stricken out?
Three-fourths of the letters now carried in the
mail within distances subject to this ten-cent rate,
by the present bill, can be, are offered to be, and are,
carried by private mails at six cents. Can you
hope to regain the business, and charge nearly dou-
ble? Do you expect to induce people to patronize
your mail by commencing prosecutions against
them? If an individual should propose to do any
such thing, he would be thought a fit subject for a
mad-house. Why should the government charge
more than others for doing such service? I agree that
the government should have the preference, at a fail-
price, and insist that it can afford to carry cheaper
than individuals.
A brief examination of the elements of cost to
this department will enable us to judge with more
accuracy as to the propriety of different rates of
The cost of the mail service of the United States
is, in round numbers, four and a quarter millions of
dollars, estimated at one-fourth of a million for the
service done for the various departments of govern*
ment, and four millions for that done for the people
generally.
This four millions is made up of the cost of office
service one million, and for transpoi tatton three mil-
lions. There are cariied in the mail about thirty
millions of letters, and about fifty-six millions of
newspapers, pamphlets, magazines, &c. Suppose
we divide the expense for office service equally be-
tween the letters and printed matter, and the trans-
portation according to the amount of each, carried in
the mail: it costs an average of about sixty cents
per pound for transportation in the mails. The ac-
count will stand thus:
Expense of transposing ihuty mil-
lions of letters, at a weight of one-
third of an ounce each, making tlie-
eighths of a million pound*, at six-
ty cents per pound, is - $375,000 00
Add half the expense of office service,
which is - - - - 500.000 00
Making, for office service and trans-
portation - flJ't 5,000 00
Expense for the trans-
portation of fifty-six
million newspapers,
pamphlets, &c., at an
average weight of one
and a quarter ounce
each, making four and
three eighths million
lbs., at sixty cents,
amounts to - (2,625,000 00
Add half the expense of
office service - - 500,000 00
3,125,000 00
In all - - - - - 4,000,000 00
The receipts of the department are—
For postage on letters
(exceeds) - - 3,500,000 00
For postage on printed
matter - - 500,000 00
 4,000,000 00
These are about the sums in round numbers; and
they show that the letters yield a profit of 400 per
cent., and that the expense of carrying the printed
matter is 625 per cent, greater than we receive for it;
furnishing proof that the charge for letter postage is
twenty-five fold greater in proportion than for news-
papers, pamphlets, &c.: an inequality and injustice
which should create astonishment that it is submit-
ted to at all, rather than that it is complained of so
much by the people.
This is a view which should surprise us: that any
portion of the letter carriage is retained rather than
that so much of it goes by private expresses, who
can carry for half our charges, and then make a
profit of two hundred per cent.
Take a single view of the practical cffects of the
bill we are considering, with the rate of postage pro-
posed of five cents, and see if there is reason to re-
gard the reduction as too great, or to apprehend that
carrying letters will be unprofitable, and thereby
throw the expense of that part of the service upon
the treasury.
I will take the number of letters now sent by pub-
lic and private conveyance, based upon the actual
number carried in the United States mail in 1836,
together with those hitherto free, without any addi-
tion from the anticipated increase from a reduction
of rates.
This will give forty-five millions of letters. The
increase will to a small extent change the relative
weight of the letters and printed matter, for which
it may be proper to add to the cost of carrying the
letters one hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars,
and to that extent reduce the cost of transportation
of printed matter, (the whole cost of transportation
remaining the same.) With these alterations the ac-
count will stand in this way:
For Letters.
Transportation of forty-five million let-
ters, i oz. each, of 15-l6ths of a mil-
lion of pounds - (500,000
Add half of office service - - 500,000
Total cost - - - (1,000,000
Amount of postage on 45,000,000 letters,
at 5 cents - 2,250,000
Excess of receipt over cost on letters - (1,250,000
A profit of one hundred and twenty-five per cent,
on the cost.
Piinted matter.
Expense of transporting 56,000,000 pa-
pers, pamphlets, magazines, &c., aver-
aging 1| oz. each, (many are put into
the mail wet,) 4| million pounds - (2,500,000
Add half of office service - - 500,000
Total cost - - - (3,000,000
Amount heretofore received for postage
on printed matter - 500,000
Showing an excess of cost over the re-
ceipts of (2.500,000
From which deduct the profit on letters, 1,250,000
Which shows, without any increase
from a reduction of postage, an aggre-
gate deficiency of - - - (1,250,000
But should it be insisted that the expense ought
to be equally divided between the written and print-
ed matter, notwithstanding the disparity in weight,
call each of these two millions.
It will be seen that the postage on letters exceeds
the sum thus assumed as the cost by (250,000;
showing a profit on the part of the service of 12|
per cent., and a loss on the papers of one and a half
million.
From these views it appears that, however divi-
ded, the deficiency upon an estimate,without any in-
crease of the number of letters from a reduction of
postage, is one and a quarter million, requiring, to
enable the department to meet all its expenses, an
increase of a little more than fifty per cent, on the
letters, or twenty-five million letters.
This is but one-sixth the increase in England, and
not so much as was estimated the other day by the
senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Woodbury,]
who stated that in his opinion the increase would
be thirty millions on account of the reduction.
With this increase the department will have a
surplus.
But suppose there should be no increase. We
have seen thatt all the deficiency is caused by the
carriage of newspapers, pamphlets, &c.,at less than
its costs. The loss on this branch of the service has
not been complained of by any one. There is no
design to diminish this or any other part of the mail
service; but a general wish, in which I participate,
to see its usefulness extended. But is it proper to
burden the social and business correspondence of the
country with the loss sustained in disseminating in-
formation over the country? We cannot do this if
we would, unless by severe enactments we suppress
all competition in the profitable part of the service—
letter carrying; for, at higher rates than that now
proposed, private expresses will underbid us.
What useful results can be expected by impos-
ing burdens upon letter correspondence to enable us
to make up our loss in the carriage of newspapers?
Is not the intercourse of affection and enterprise,
conducted by letters, as much the object of regard
for statesmen as the circulation of newspapers? I
think it is. For, much as I respect the character
and usefulness of many of these, I cannot forget
that in some I have seen of late there is evidence
that a sort of deleterious oxyde comes off from the
types, which is calculated to poison the fountains of
social life! No such injurious effects come from
letter-writing. If there be motives for incurring this
expense and loss to the department, by the circula-
tion of newspapers from the geographical extent of
our country, there are still stronger ones for the en-
couragement of friendly correspondence among our
people. I was struck with the remarks made a
day or two since by the senator from Arkansas,
who sits near me, that the danger of this country
was not from without, but within its borders, from
the extent of the country and the remote situations
of its people. It was the considerations here sug-
gested that created apprehensions for the duration
of our Union in the minds of the early patriots of
the country. Our geographical position—States
separated from cach other by mountains—the nat-
ural tendency to division and separation—all re-
quire a powerful counteracting influences to preserve
us a nation. Such influences are to be found in the
intercourse of our people—that sort of intercourse
which engages the heart and keeps up the connec-
tion between mind and mind through the medium'
of good offices, not only by acts of personal kind-
ness, but such as are carried on by epistolary cor-
respondence among acquaintances, snd those con-
nected by affection or kindred, or the relations of
business. The influence of all these is indispensa-
ble to keep us a united people. It is, therefore, an
imnortont object to remove the obstacle which ex-
pense interposes to their active operation. They
form not only the happiest, but the strongest ties by
which families, society, the Union use f, are held
and bound together. Let no man suppose that tiie
expense forms no barrier to the interchange of these
friendly offices among the people of this country.
Rather let him reflect that it now cos'.s the value of a
bushel of wheat for a person in Illinois or Indiana to
get a letter from a friend or relative in the eastern or
southern States, and a bushel of wheat is regarded
among us as the value of a day^ work for a man.
The consciousness that such is the expense cannot
fail to deter many from writing letters; and in that
way, and from that cause, correspondence ceases,
acquaintance is dropped, and our people become
separated in feeling. But remove the expense, and
you revive the intercourse; and the recollections it
will bring with it will become more endeared by
both the distance and time that have intervened.
Suppose, sir, that the obstacles to intercourse now
interposed by distance and expense were both re-
moved—that, by the use of some such means as are
afforded by the magnetic telegraph, every parent
