Jan. 184§.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CDNGftESSiOiVAL GLOBE.
Annexation of Texas-~-M:r. Severance.
who had a child away from the family could inquire
of their welfare, and receive at once an answer:
what mother is there who would not send to
her child a message at the dawn of every morn-
ing?
vVith these facilities, there would constantly cir-
culate a current of affection through every inhabited
portion of this extended country, producing such
harmony as has not been witnessed by created be-
ings since "the morning stars sang together."
By reducing postage we approximate this result.
Could it be fully realized, it can hardly be told how
trifling a charge upon cachcommunication would pay
the expenses of our present establishment. We are
called upon, by constant applications from the peo-
ple, to try to effect aredurnon. Why should we
refuse to comply3
We carry printed matter low, and there has been
no complaint—all perceive that in this there is a
common benefit: but they cannot desire that this
shall injure any "other branch of the service, thus
ptoduemg equal* or greater benefits. It appears to
me that the pioper couise is to put letter postage at
as low or lower rates as otheis charge—and apply
the piofitsof this branch of the service to the pay-
ment of the general expenses of the department: so
long a* there is eny profit, no one will have a right
to complain, it that profit is not quite sufficient to
pay alt the loss incurred by disseminating intelli-
gence among the whole people.
The immediate question before us, then, involves
the in qui i y whether it is best to make a partial or
an effectual reduction at once? f think it must be
manifest that to make only a partial reduction would
only diminish the revenue, because a partial reduc-
tion will not command the business. We are now
fast losing the letter carnage, which alone pays the
expense incurred, while an effectual reduction will
regain the lost business, and an increase of that
which is profitable will promise at least adequate
support. If we do nothing, or act inefficiently, we
cannot hope for it. The proposition is to have one
rate for all distances. This system being national
in Us object, it appears to me the rate should be uni-
form, giving;, in comparison to the old system, the
greatest stimulus to correspondence among the most
distant. It also removes an objection to the bill as
it now is, which is, that a much greater number can
correspond with each other, at the low rate, in the
densely populated portions of the country, than m
those not so. The single rate places all upon an
equality; so that, in reference to the benefits it con-
fers, we are one people.
The present is a favorable time to make this al-
teration. The two political divisions in the country
are each represented by a majority in the two
Houses. If the trial is not a successful one, the re-
sponsibility will be divided. If it shall succeed,
(as I have no doubt it will,) and shed its blessings
upon and give satisfaction to all parts of our coun-
try, the gratification this will afford will be shared
alike by the two parties; and ample will it be for us
all.
SPEECH OF MR. SEVERANCE,
OF MAINE.
In the Howe cf Representatives, January lo, 1845—
On the resolutions for the annexation of Texas.
Mr. SEVERANCE began by remarking that the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Aifans,
[Mr. C. J. Ixhersoll.] in introducing his resolu-
tions, had said the question involved was a south-
ern question—a slavery question In this he v.vs
"very candid and entirely correct. The deciarat'on
wns in strict accordance with the whole tenor of tdi
the coirespondents and official communications of
the executive which have transpired since Air. Up-
shur, the late Secretary of State, made propositions
of annexation to Texas, m August, 1843.
Mr. S. said the mere fact th.it the measure is in-
tended for the benefit of the South more than the
North, was no sufficient objection to it in his rmnJ.
Scarcely any act of national legislation operates
with piecisely equal benefits or injinirs upon every
section of the < ountry. If the measure is n:;ht m
itself-—if wo have the constitutional power—if its
exercise will be for the general advantage, consistent
with the honor of the country, and will not trans-
gress upon the rights of others,—then we all ought
to support it, whether the particular section from
which we come may gain more or less by it.
But, sir, to any and to all the propositions which
have been presented in the House, there seem to be
H. of Heps.
insuperable objections. The first is, that the acqui-
sition of foreign territory, if it can be done at all,
can only be done by the treaty-making power. It
may well be doubted whether the framera of the
constitution intended to endanger the performance
of their work by leaving open the door to foreign
acquisitions at all. They knew too well the pas-
sion of the human heart for conquest and extended
dominion, and they knew the dangers which al-
ways beset the career of conquerors. Still less did
they contemplate unions with other independent na-
tions, either by the treaty-making power or any
other. Had they done so, they would have pro-
vided for these things in the constitution, which
now they have not done. It is only by strain-
ing some of its provisions from their natural
and obvious meaning1, that any authority can
be found for admitting foreign States or nations in
any way; and, it we are thrown back upon our na-
tional rights ol sovereignty and the usages of na-
tions, then it is clear that the acquisition or cession
of territory, or the union of different independent na-
tions, devolves on the treaty-making power, which
m our country is the President and two-thirds of
the Senate. Whatever laws Congress can pass, the
same authonty can repeal; but a national contract
or treaty with another independent nation can only
be repealed with the consent of both parties, unless
it be limited m duration, or contain a provision that
either party may terminate it The proposed con-
tact with Texas would merge the two sovereignties
in one, and uke away the power of either to termi-
nate the contract. The new union might be rent by
violence or revolution; but the Union could not be
lepeafed by either, since they would no longer have
a separate existence.
The idea of annexing a foreign independent na-
tion to our own, we may piesume,never entered the
heads of the fathers of the constitution; nor did it
probably ever enter the head of any human being
that such a union could be effected by a joint resolu-
tion of Congress, until since it was found that the
Tyler treaty could not be confirmed by the Senate.
Mr. Gallatin, one of the patriarchs of the democracy,
and a favorite member of Mr Jefferson's cabinet,
still survives, and we have his opinion, expressed re-
cently, that the assumption of power on the part of
Congress to form a union with an independent coun-
ty by joint resolution is altogether too preposter-
ous for argument. Mr, Jefferson, in several letters,
admitted there was no constitutional power to ac-
quire .Louisiana even by treaty, and he proposed
that the constitution should be amended so as to rat-
ify the treaty with France of 1803, whereby we ac-
quired Louisiana. Mr. Calhoun, who consumma-
ted the negotiation of the Tyler treaty, asserted m
1816 that Congress could not make a contract with a
foreign nation. In 1816 he was 110 strict construc-
tionist, but as latitudinanan as any statesman in the
land. He then contended for the constitutional pow-
er to impose a protecting tariff, and voted for a law
laying higher duties on many articles than now ex-
ist in the tariff of 1842; and he contended for the
power to charter a national bank and to appropriate
money for internal improvements, for which he had
enlarged schemes. Yet at that time, liberal as were
his views of federal legislation, he denied that Con-
gress had power to make a contract with a foreign
nation.
But (Mr. S. said) he would not dwell on the
question ol power. It had already been done by
those who were better able to do it justice. IL>
would only say that he saw no power to pass any
of these resolutions, unless it be derived, as some
gentlemen have actually contended, from the in-
herent rights of sovereignty assumed to be vested
m Congress—a r.ght to do whatever is not pro-
hibited in the constitution. What is this but as-
suming unlimited power in all things not prohibited?
Let us see. Congress is not prohibited expressly
from abolishing slavery in the States. Is it admit-
ted, then, that Congress, in the exercise of its in-
herent rights of sovereignty, may abolish slavery in
the States, as the Mexican fede, al Congress did in
J£29, and as Uie British government has since done
in her West India colonics? Mr S. hid always
contended that Congress had not the power, simply
because the power was not conferred by the States
and people. This new assumption of power goes
far beyond anything ever contended for under the
clause authorising Congress to provide for the "gen-
eral welfare;" for it seems to look to the "general
welfare" not only of the people of the United States,
but of the people of all the neighboring nations, and
especially of those who hold slaves; nor is it con-
lined to this continent, for it will be seen that our
Secretary of State is courting the alliance of France
and other European nations in a general combina-
tion to arrest the propress of emancipation on this
continent, and to extend and secure the dominion of
slavery, by placing new territory under the protect-
ing aegis of the United States. This is very extra-
ordinary doctrine for those who pretend to be strict
constructionists of the constitution.
It is, however, contended that the question of
annexation has been submitted to the people at the
late election, and that they had decided it. So
there is nothing more to be done than to execute
their will, regardless of means or consequences.
Mr. S. denied any such decision. Had that vote
been ever so distinctly given upon this question, it
would not authorize us to violate our oath to sup-
port the constitution. But there was no such dis-
tinct expression of the public will. Mr. Polk has
not received a majority of the popular votes, nor
can it be inferred that those he did receive are all to
be regarded as votes for annexation, unless we sup-
pose that those who supported him had no other
principles whatever, or that he would have been
signally defeated by the whigs but for this new is-
sue on annexation, thus incautiously admitting that
a majority of the people are in favor of whig men
and measures of policy. Without New York Mr.
Polk would have been defeated, and there he was
carried in on the back of the Hon. Silas Wright,
whom the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Holmes] yesterday characterized as thesecond New
lork Magician; the same Mr. Wright who voted
against the treaty, and who sustained Mr. Van
Buren in the pos'tion he took on annexation in
1837' &nd 1844. The inaugural message of Gover-
nor Wright contains no allusion to Texas.
And how is it in Maine* The plurality for Mr.
Polk was laige, and the Texas question was dis-
cussed very freely by the whurs. but not so freely
by then- opponents. They were for annexation,
and for Polk and Dallas at all events; but upon the
time and mode of annexation they did not commit
themselves. How they understood that, may be
inferred fiom the annual message of their governor
delivered on the first Wednesday of this month'
After speaking of the general advantages of acquir-
ing Texas, he says:
„f. k(ny®ve,r weighty may lie the considerations
which would impel both government and people to
desire the consummation oi this measure, it is not to be
presumed that they wot.U seek it upon other than just and
honorable terms. In the patriotism and wisdom of the dis-
tinguished statesman to whom the negotiation of this deli-
cate and important question 13 soon to lie confided, we have
sufhcient guaranty that the interests and lionorof the whole
country will be faithfully maintained.
"In relation to the present tariff, it is believed that a still
more decided and unequivocal expression of the popular
sentiment was then given.''''
Here, it will be seen, Governor Anderson passes
o\er entnely the scheme of annexation by joint res-
olution of Congress, which had been a subject of
discussion before the meeting of Congress on the
first of December, and speaks now of future nego-
tiations under the next administration. So much
for the verdict of the people of Maine, ol which we
may hear more in a few days.
But what do our democratic friends m Pennsylva-
nia and New Jersey ?ay to the last paragraph, that
though the result of the election is to be regarded
as an cxpre.-sion of popular opinion m favor of an-
nexation m a proper mode, yet that the popular ex-
pression in the same election was usfdl more decid-
ed and unequivocal" in favor of the repeal of the
tanll of 18425 Vv hen we repeal that tariff, w obe-
dience to this expression of popular will, it will
then be tone enough to take in the question of an-
nexation, i,pun which the expression of public sen-
timent has not b< on so "decided and unequivocal."
Mr. S. ti.nid, though he was utteily opposed to
slavery as ait unseemly relic of barbarous ages of
the world, and though he would willingly increase
the relative numbers of the free States a,; noirb u.s
possibb, preferring this mode of "enlarging the area
of freedom," yet if the constitutional objection were
obviated, he would not vote for any of the resolu-
tions before the House, even if modified by "the
adoption of the pimciples of the ordinance of 1787,
forever excluding' slavery from the territory to be
acquired, because he believed ihat our conduct to-
wards Mexico, agister republic, endeavoring to fol-
low our example, has been such that vie cannot in-
ccrporate Texas into our Union without incurring
the merited reproach of ha,! fauh to Mexico, and a
deliberate design to plunder her, by sinister means, of
one of her fairest territoi ies, ~\Ye have already per-
