368
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSiONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong.. ..2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Severance.
H. of Reps.
mitted our own citizens to take advantage of her
distracted condition by pushing themselves across
her boundaries, acknowledged by treaty, and setting
up the standard of rebellion with the avowed pur-
pose of declaring their independence for no other ob-
ject than to transfer the territory to us. Our gov.
ernment has been charged with conniving at these
operations, and has heretofore resented the charge
as an indignity. Shall we now confirm it, m the
eyes of the civilized world, by accepting this territo-
ry from our own people, who went there for the
very purpose of fighting for it and conveying it to
us? What an aspect shall we present as the great-
est republic in the world, standing as the great lead-
er and head of the republics on this continent, if we
sink down from our proud position to despoil one
of this family of republican nations? Torn as Mex-
ico has been by domestic dissensions: succeeding
but indifferently as she has in her republican experi-
ment, she might more naturally have feared that
some of the old grasping despotisms of Europe
might have intrigued with some of her rival military
chieftains, and, by taking sides with one or the
other, have found an excuse for insinuating their
military forces and subverting the independence of
the country, as has been done by the British East
India Company over and over again with the native
princes. But the monarchies of Europe have not
interfered at all with the republican governments on
this continent. The first foreign aggression upon
Mexico comes from her eider sister of the North.
"Well may the advocates of monarchy in Europe
point in triumph to the scenes of insurrectionary
violence and murder which have stained the short
history of the Spanish American republics; and now,
to crown our disgrace, and to deter all efforts to es-
tablish republican systems on the other side the At-
lantic, they can point to us, who boast a superior
civilization—to us, now proposing to make war up-
on Mexico to wrest from her one of her fairest prov-
inces that we may restore the Dominion of slavery
where she had abolished it. Is this an attitude in
which we are willing to appear before the friends ©f
liberty throughout the world?
We settled the boundary between us and Spain
by treaty in 1819. We confirmed the same line of
boundary in 1832 with Mexico. Between these
periods, however, our government had made una-
vailing efforts to obtain a cession of Texas from
Mexico. Mr. Poinsett, our minister in Mexico,
persevered in his efforts until he became so offensive
that the Mexican government requested his recall,
and he was recalled. Mr. Anthony Butler was sent
in his place by President Jackson in 1830. The
printed correspondence between our executive and
Mr. Butler, during the five year's he was there, dis-
closes some very remarkable facts which are vet
but little known to the people of the United States;
besides, the published letters to and from Butler
show that there were many others which were not
published, but are withheld as the private corres-
pondence of Gen. Jackson. Enough is published,
however, to show that Mr. Butler was by no means
scrupulous about the means to be employed, and
that he,was authorized to use not less than five mil-
lions of dollars in obtaining Texas, which appeared
to be the leading and engrossing object of his mis-
sion. But he did not sueceed, and was recalled in
1835, at which he was not well pleased; for after
the appointment of Powhatan Ellis as his successor,
Mr. Butler wrote to Mr. Forsyth, 17th December,
1835, thus:
"The affair, so far as regarc's car gov rnrront, ma.) par-
haps be considered as at present concluded; and how Jar
my failure m ejecting the object mey b" rttiilmtiv, to the
indiscretion ofceiUm petrous v, ho a'lect to be m the con-
fidence of the President-, .i id to retail h.< opinions and do-
clare hi? purposes, will be i.>r aitei tn.is to disease I
am m possession ot ull ti>-iacts, and a pivoio<i& coLect.cn
they aic."
This we can readily behove. This precious el-
ection remain? a stole prciet. Meantime the ener-
gies of our government m pro-tsmg Vexico for a
cission of Texas apjxat ti> nave been slackened; a
new movement bfgan to attiact attention. In lfV/0,
General Samrel llon^tnn, hawi.g Iron jut pome
time previous in the Indian country on ( ne i^rders
of Texas, came to tins city and to IN' w
where he divulged Ins i.'ans of sep.ira nig
from the Mexican republic. Among tho^e to whjm
he communicated hirf plans was Dr. Robert
of this city, who revealed them all to ! recent
Jackson at the time, iIi<.m.-!i he piobably communi-
cated nothing new to lnm, as Gen. llor,n«.n and
Gen. Jackson weir old fiends.
in 1821 Mexican independence may be conquer-
ed to have been established. In 1824 the Mexican
Congress prohibited the importation of slaves into
any Of the States of her Union, of course excluding
them from the United Srates. In the same year*the
State of Coahuila and Texas was admitted into the
Union, with a constitution prohibiting future slave-
ry; and in 1829 the Mexican Congress abolished
slavery throughout the republic. What influence
these acts had in inducing our government to press
so strenuously for the acquisition of Texas by ne-
gotiation, from 1829 to 1835, and in stimulating the
movements of Houston, those can best judge who
have investigated the matter The progress of
events may be seen in the new constitution which
Texas got up as a separate Mexican State, detach-
ing itself from Coahuila—a constitution which Aus-
tin carried to the city of Mexico for approval in
1833, made in express violation of a fundamental
law of Mexico, which required that a State should
first be admitted before forming a constitution, and
should then have 80,000 inhabitants. Texas then
had but 20,000; of course the Texian proposition
was rejected. Austin left Mexico to return to Tex-
as; but, before he had gone far, letters from him were
intercepted, in which he advised his friends in Tex-
as to persist in organizing a State government inde-
pendent of Coahuila. He was thereupon pursued,
overtaken, and imprisoned. The Texians continu-
ed to act in their separate capacity. It is said they
took up arms in consequence of the subversion of
the federal system by Santa Anna; but it does not
appear that the first movements in favor of the cen-
tral system were commenced until 1834, and were
not consummated or legalized until 1836, after the
battle of San Jacinto had been fought. That Hous-
ton designed to make Texas independent before he
left this city in 1830, there is most abundant evi-
dence in the work of Dr. Mayo, published in 1839;
and there is every reason to suppose that he then
designed to transfer the territory to the United
States, for it will be seen in a pamphlet published in
New York last September by O. de A. Santangelo—
formerly editor of the Correo Atlantico, published
first in the city of Mexico and subsequently in New
Orleans, where he was obliged to flee—that proposi-
tions were made to Texas in 1836, after the battle
of San Jacinto, for a federal union of the States of
Tamauhpas, San Luis Potosi, Zacatecas, part of
Jalisco, all New Leon, Coahuila, Durango, Sinaloa,
Chihuahua, both the Californias, and New Mexico.
The Texian government refused the connection, no
doubt for the same reasons for which they had sep-
arated in violation of law from Coahuila. They
wanted no connections, federal or otherwise, with
the Mexican States, because it was their design to
join Texas to the United States. The proposition
was renewed by Mr. Santangelo m 1839, when a
movement to that effect was made in the northern
provinces of Mexico, but received no favor from the
Texian emigrants. Santangelo was a strenuous
advocate of the federal system and an enemy of
Santa Anna.
The object of Houston and his paity is suffi-
ciently explained in his letter to Gen. Dunlop, of
Tennesse, published in the papers of this country.
The following extract is made from the New York
Sun, of March 22, 1836:
"For a "portion of this foiee [necessary to oppose the
Mexicans] we ibuu look to the United States [t cannot
arrive too soon There is but one feeling in Texas, m my
opinion, and that i<? to establish tbc independence of Texas,
and to be attached to the United States."
This call, and others like it, met a prompt re-
sponse; volunteers did go; they marched through
New Orleans with drums beating and banners flying
to meet the Mexican army, which was approaching
under Santa Anna; and it was they, and not the
proper inhabitants of Texas, who defeated him and
took him prisoner.
The Mexican minister at Washington, Mr.
Girostiza, was continually remonstrating against
these proceedings, and receiving for answer that our
government could not prevent its people fiom emi-
grating. A few letters to district attorneys in the
western States were written by Mr. Forevth, of
which Mr. Gorostiza was duly informed, but not a
single sineeie effort appeals to have been made to
prevent our ci:izens from going into Texas, with
arms in their hands, to fight Mexico, with which
power we had a treaty of peace, and no cause of
quarrel whatever. Nor is this all. Our executive,
instead of issuing a proclamation to preserve neu-
trality, and instead of sending a general officer to en-
force it, as was done on our northern frontier when
some of our people joined the Canadian insurgents,
actually sent Gen. Gaines with a military force into
Texas, not to prevent our citizens from joining in
the combat, hut on pretence of protecting the in-
habitants of the frontier from Indian hostilities, up-
on the vague'rumor that* the Caddoes, an insignifi-
cant tribe, were enlisted on the side of the Mexicans.
Gen. Gaines did advance as far as Nacogdoches,
with all the disposable troops of the United States in
that region; and, not content with that, by order of
Gen. Cass, Secretary of War, he made requisitions
for militia upon the States of Louisiana, Mississip-
pi, Alabama, and Tennessee. Gov. White, of
Louisiana, refused to comply, alleging that theie
was no law of Louisiana or of the United States
which required him to order the militia of the State
into Texas, nor did he believe there was any neces-
sity for it—that the story about the Caddo Indians
was an idle tale of the Texian speculators, intended
to draw fighting men from the United States into
Texas. In these opinions Gen. Macomb, in a let-
ter written from New Orleans, April 2o, 1836, fully
concurs. Before any of these militia could reach
Texas, the volunteers who preceded them had gained
a victory over Santa Anna, which rendered further
aid useless.
When Mr. Gorostiza was informed of the move-
ment of Gen. Gaines, he wrote the letter, of which
the following is an extract, dated April 20,1836:
"That the measure in question would not only aftect the
rights of Mexico as an independent nation, hut also injure its
interests, it was most easy to prove. The presence ot' a
body of neutral tmops in the very theatre of the war cannot
fail to embarrass the operations of the Mexican army, to
favor the Texians indirectly, and create a constant risk of
collision The further Gen. Games advances, the more re-
stricted will be the circle within which the belligerents can
move, and the greater will be the necessity for approaching
the cordon formed by the troops of the United States. * *
Who, then, can prevent the Texians, if thcyfind them-
selves pursued at anytime by the Mexican detachments,
from taking refuse behind the troops of the United States,
by pa^sin? a line \\ Inch is unguarded' How can the Mexi-
cans know wheie they are to stop, so ns not to violate the
said 1m"? And what will the United States troops do w ith
the Texians who thus in a mannci place themselves und^r
theirprotection, or with the Mexicans, who, impelled by
the aidor ol the fight, should pursue m order to take them r'
Mr. Gorostiza evidently believed,and not without
reason, that the very object was to protect the
United States volunteer forces which were fighting
Mexico under the Texian flag. Santa Anna was
captured and brought to this city, just as if he was
our prisoner, instead of returning from Texas to
Mexico. It is reported that a promise was extorted
from him to obtain the acknowledgment of Texian
independence. However that may have been, the
Mexican Congress deposed him and deprived him
of power to do any official act in behalf of Mexico.
Congress at the next session acknowledged the
independence of Texas, thus achieved in one great
victory by citizens of the United States; and in six
months thereafter the Texian insurgents sent Gen.
Memucan Hunt to this city to propose a treaty of
annexation to the United States. Mr. Van Buren
had then succeeded to the presidency; and he direct-
ed Mr. Forsyth, his Secretary of State, to say,
August 25, 1837:
"So long as Texas shRll remain at war, while the United
States are at peace with her adversary, the proposition of
the Texian minister plenipotentiary necessarily involves
the question of war with that adversary. The United States
are bound to Mexico by a treaty of amity and commerce,
which will be scrupulously obseived on their part, so long
as it can be reasonably hoped that Mexico will perform her
duties, and respect our rights under it The "Irateu States
might justly be suspected of a disregard of the friendly
purposes of the compact if the overture ol General Hunt
w ere even reserved for future consideiat;on, as this would
imply a disposition on our part toe^(iou>e the quarrel of
Texas with Mexico, & deposit on wholly at variance wi.h
the spirit ol the treaty w .th the uniform policy and o* vi-
ous welfare of the United State*.
This seems to have been an unexp^-'ted rebuff to
General Hunt, who reminded Mr Van Buren that
he was not "treading in the footsteps of his illustri-
ous predecessor;1' for, in his reply to Mr. Forsyth
of September 12, 1837, Gen. Hunt says:
"The venerable cx-Pr^Mdent, General Jackson, was so
strongly impressed with a belief, at one time during Ins *d-
minjstrytion, that the negotiation tVn peihV g for the ac-
quisition of Texas would be brought to a and favor-
able issue, that he tendered the olive oi go-\ i-or of i'exas
to the late Gov H G. Buiton ot Auith (,atoli-ia to be en-
tered upon '-o soon as the treat) of eesrion &hoald be com-
pleted/'
The offer of General Jackson to Governor Hutch-
ins G. Burton, to which Genera! Hunt here allude?,
was made in 1835, when there was no reason io
expect the acquisition of Texas by negotiation.
Reliance must rather have been had on Houston^
movements in Texas. No wonder, then, that Gen-
eral Hunt was chagrined and disappointed. How
