372
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1§46.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Mcllvain.
H. of Reps.
SPEECH OF MR. A. R. McILVAIN,
OP PENNSYLVANIA.
In the House of Representatives, January 25,1845—
On the question of the annexation of Texas.
Mr. Chairman: Nothing but a sense of impera-
tive duty to my constituents could induce me to
ask for a moment the ear of this committee; partic-
ularly at this advanced stage of this discussion,
when so little remains to be said. Could I have
Obtained the floor at an e&rlier period, I should have
been glad to have examined this question at length;
but as the time is near at hand when this debate
must close, and as there are many who are anx-
ious to be heard,! shall content myself with little
more than a brief outline of my argument, reserv-
ing to myself the privilege universally exercised, of
filling up hereafter.
Sir, this is a great national question. And al-
though gentlemen from the Soutft, whether in the
presidential chair, our diplomatic correspondence, or
upon this floor, all unite in making it a local ques-
tion, a southern question, a slave question, it is still
a great national question. Its influences are as broad
as the Union itself. They will extend to States yet
to be carved frq/n the primitive forest, and to mil-
lions of people yet unborn.
What is it? It is a proposition to break up the
Union; to destroy the terms of the original compact;
to uproot and forever destroy the relation between
the relative influences of this government. It is to
restore that preponderance to the South which it has
enjoyed with few and slight interruptions from the
foundation of our government; but which, from the
silent operation of our respective policies, is passing
from it. It is a proposition to bring; into this Union,
by a simple legislative act, a foreign government and
a foreign people, equal in territorial extent to one*
fourth of the entire Union.
Sir, the people whom I represent desire no such
thing; and I believe 1 may speak with equal con-
fidence for my entire State. They are in favor of
the Union as it is; and they will maintain the con-
stitution as it is, and all its compromises, so long as
it is suffered to remain the fundamental law of this
Union. But, if a new Union is to be formed; if the
balance of power resting upon these compromises
are to be distributed by the incorporation of new
afid foreign agents, then I will not venture to pledge
her allegiance. She will speak for herself.
I have listened attentively to this discussion, anx-
ious to learn by what construction of the constitu-
tion this ungranted power was going to be exercised;
but I have listened in vain for even a plausible pre-
text. I am not one of those constitutional lawyers to
whom the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Rhett] addressed himsetf the other day, but 1 have
read that instrument, and have paid some attention
to its history; and I have yet to discover that it gives
either expressed or implied power to Congress, at
least, to acquire foreign territory. It is even more
than questionable whether the treaty-making power
is competent to it, for the purpose of extending the
Union. Mr. Jefferson, who was the first to try the
experiment, under what appeared to be imperious
necessity, was clearly of the opinion that the consti-
tution gave no such power. And so anxious was
he not to be misunderstood upon this subject, that
he recommended an amendment to the constitution,
or ratification of the act by the States—n*t for the
purpose of making valid the purchase, but to show
to the future, and thereby destroy the effect of a
precedent, that it was an exercise of power beyond
the constitution.
The power to annex Texas is claimed by the
friends of the measure to rest upon two grounds.
First, that provision of the constitution which pro-
Tides for the admission of new States into the Union;
and, second, the vox populi.
The constitution provides that—
"New States maj be admitted by the Congress into this
Union; but no new State shall be formed or erected within
the jurisdiction of any other State; nor any State be formed
hy the junction of two or more States, or parts of States,
without the consent of the legislature of the State* con-
cerned, as well as of the Congress."
Now, if there is anything indefinite in this provis-
ion, if it be supposed that the constitution was in-
tended for other governments and other people than
our own, its limits are clearly defined by the discus-
sion which it elicited in the convention which
framed it. I will not detain the committee by read-
ing from the books; but I affirm, and gentlemen can
read for themselves, that the whole discussion upon
this provision referred directly and in terms to our
^heri territory—territory belonging to the Union and
the States, but which was supposed to be beyond
their ultimate limits. And as no reference whatev-
er was made to any other territory than our own as
then existing, or to other States than those already
formed, or likely to be formed out of it, it is fair to
infer, indeed the conclusion is irresistible, reasoning
from cause to effect, that if there had been no such
territory, there would have been no such provision.
Hence, if my premises be correct, the power to admit
a foreign State into the Union under this provision
of the constitution falls to theground. For, to ascribe
to the constitution powers which clearly were not
intended by its authors, is as gross a violation of that
instrument as the exercise of powers prohibited by
it.
But, it has been argued by several gentlemen, in
the course of this debate, that this article of the
constitution was first presented to the convention in
a definite form—limiting this power of Congress to
"the admission of States lawfully arising within the
limits of the United States;" and that, inasmuch-as this
was rejected, and the present indefinite form substitu-
ted therefor, it was the intention of the convention to
give to Congress the general power of admitting for-
eign as well as domestic States. But had those gen-
tlemen examined the history of this provision with a
desire to ascertain its true import, rather than to
justify the conclusion at which they wished to ar-
rive, they would have discovered that a form equally
indefinite with that which was adopted was also re-
jected as a substitute; and that the whole controver-
sy was altogether irrespective of the admission of
States, but in reference to the propriety of giving to
Congress the power of dismembering the existing
States without their consent. And it is unreasona-
ble—nay, impossible—that a proposition so im-
portant as that of giving to a bare majority of Con-
gress power to extend the Union ad libitum, could
have been proposed in that convention as a substan-
tive proposition, and adopted by it without exciting
discussion. But not the slightest allusion was made
by any member of it to that power; no such power
was given. And now for the popular voice.
We are told that the people have passed upon the
question of annexation, and have given a verdict in
its favor, and, therefore, we are bound to execute
their will.
Sir, I deny the power of the people to extend the
legislative powers of this government, except in the
manner prescribed by the constitution itself, and
even then I deny the power in any number of States
short of the whole to engraft upon the constitution
principles vitally affecting the original compact as
to the dissenting States. To admit the first, is to
uproot all organized government, and plant the ever-
changing popular will in the place of our written
constitution, and the latter to destroy the spirit of
the voluntary compact of union in which the States
were originally associated, and change confederacy
into a consolidated despotism. But, sir, I utterly
deny that the people have decided this question, at
least affirmatively. How does the question stand?
A majority of the representatives of the party
which elected the incoming President, according to
every principle of representative democracy, nomi-
nated Mr. Van Buren for the presidency, who was
pledged in opposition to the annexation of Texas
under existing circumstances; but, by some singular
process of "progressive" democracy, the minority
succeeded in forcing upon the party a candidate
pledged to immediate and unconditional annexation;
and, I admit, for the very reason that he was thus in
favor of it. But, in the next moment, and by the
same influence, to cover up this issue at the North,
Silas Wright was placed upon the same ticket for
the vice presidency; and this enigmatical ticket
was heralded forth as the embodiment of democratic
principles. Well, did this settle the question of an-
nexation, as far as this party was concerned, affirm-
atively or negatively? When that convention de-
clared in favor of James K. Polk, who was in favor
of immediate annexation, and Silas Wright, who
was opposed to it, was it intended as an expression
for or against the measure? It was, to say the least
of it, a non-committal expression.
But Mr. Wright, for reasons no doubt satisfactory
to himself, very unequivocally declined the honor;
and, in process of time, another was substituted in
his place—certainly not because he was in favor of
immediate annexation, but irrespective of it alto-
gether, and because he hailed from Pennsylvania,
the second State in the Union in point of political
influence. The bait had been offered to NewYork,
and rejected by her; it was taken by Pennsylvania
—with how much honor to herself, I will leave it
for others to say.
The election came round, and the nominees of
this convention were constitutionally elected. But
how? On the question of annexation? No, sir.
In the Empire State, whose vote was considered
indispensable to the success of Mr. Polk, and
which did decide the contest, this greatsouthern pro-
ject was again inveiied in the negative mantle of
Mr. Wright. And he, with all his great popularity
and acknowledged worth, aided by a rigid party
discipline—if not something worse—was barely able
to drag the Texas candidate within the distance
pole, with a clear and undisputed anti-Texas major-
ity against him of ten thousand votes. Is this a
verdict in favor of immediate annexation? Suppose
the fifteen thousand anti-Texas abolition votes in
New York had been cast for Mr. Clay, the anti-
Texas candidate—as every principle of reason and
philanthropy would seem to indicate that they
should: where would have been your verdict* Mr.
Clay would have been your next President, and,
without the change of a single vote from Mr. Polk,
we should have the popular verdict against Texas,
according to your own theory.
But, to go further: Mr. Polk has a majority
over Mr. Clay of about thirty-eight thousand, exclu-
sive of South Carolina. According to the Globe—
which I suppose will be good authority in the case—
a fair estimate of the popular majority in that State
is twenty-five thousand, making a total of sixty-
three thousand in favor of Mr. Polk over Mr. Clay.
Now, according to the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Holmes,] who is no doubt correct in this
matter, there has been an undoubted and unequivo-
cal anti-Texas abolition vote of sixty-five thousand
cast in the late contest, leavinga clear majority of
two thousand votes against annexation.
But, besides this, there are thousands of voters in
the North who are irreconcileably hostile to this
measure, who, from some singular conception of
duty, did not vote at all. Add to these another
large class of voters who cast their votes for Mr.
Polk under the talismanic charm of democracy, dis-
senting at the same time to many of the phases of
the party creed, of which this question affords a
striking instance, and you hav*alarge popular ma-
jority ag&inst this measure.
How was it in Pennsylvania? Was Texas, im-
mediate and unconditional, made the issue there?
True, you might here and there see the "lone star"
floating over our own stars and stripes. You might
occasionally see a banner upon which was inscribed
Polk, Dallas, Texas, and Oregon; but nowhere was
Texas alone, Texas immediately and uncondition-
ally, presented as one of the issues. "Polk, Dal-
las, and a protective tariff," "Polk, Dallas, and the
tariff of'42," "Polk, Dallas, and no United States
Bank"—these were the issues presented by the
democratic party. And now, votes thus faudulcnt-
ly obtained, under false pretences, are placed to the
account of this Texas measure.
Sir, the people of Pennsylvania are not m favor of
annexation in any form, and it is an unwarrantable
assumption to inter from the late election that they
are. Present to them the naked question of annexa-
tion, with its inevitable consequences—the exten-
sion and perpetuation of slavery; the preponderance
of the anti-tariff power, and consequent overthrow
of the protective system; the assumption of an enor-
mous and undefined foreign debt, and necessarily
increased taxation; the aJoption of a foreign war,
and its train of consequences and burdens, with that
other not inconsiderable consequence, dishonor—
and they will not show a "corporal's guard" in its
favor.
Pennsylvania is able and willing to pay her own
just debts, and she will pay them, but she will never
consent to be taxed to pay the debts of other and
foreign States. ' Her reliance is in her unbounded
natural resources, and the energy, the industry, and
the honesty of her citizcns. But these resources can
avail her nothing unless they are protected by the
fostering hand of the government. Her iron, and
her coal, and her industry must remain unproduc-
tive, ifybythe overthrow of our protective system,
her citizens are compelled to contend; side by side,
with the cheap and degraded lab©r of the Old \Vorld.
If in this struggle for power—for this is, after all,
the ultimate design of this Texas movement—-you
give to the anti-tariff influence of this country (the
South) renewed strength by the extension of -that
wing of the Union, by which she wilt be deprived of
those advantages which she enjoys in common with
her sister States under our protective laws, her case
