376
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Hamlin.
Jan. 1845.
show that the reason of our favoring annexation is
to sustain slavery, and to persuade the nations of
Europe not to interfere and obstruct our efforts to
accomplish this object. For this purpose he makes
this government stand forth unblushirigly before the
nations of the earth the defender of slavery; other
nations are solicited to join with us, and to aid us
in obstructing England in its efforts to abolish sla-
very throughout the world. Is it not humiliating
that this young republic, rocked in the cradle, of lib-
erty, the offspring of that great fundamental princi-
ple of human rights—"that all men are born equal,
and have certain inalienable rights, among which
are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness"—ere
it has arrived to manhood, should walk forth before
the nations of the earth and solicit them to join with
him, and say to freedom, as it pursues its onward
course, "thus far shalt thou come, and no farther?"
tet us hereafter hide our heads for shame, and
never more talk of our institutions as being destined
to revolutionize the nations of the earth—to cause
thrones to totter, and tyrants to tremble. No
stranger can read the correspondence to which I
have referred, and not feel that we have no other
God in this country but the God of slavery, that
before this heathen deity, the present Secretary of
State especially bows his proud knee and chival-
rous soul, and sings hosannas and hallelujahs, day
and night, without ceasing.
It would seem to me that no one can examine
this mass-of testimony, and not come fully to the
conclusion, that the object had in view in annexing
Texas to this Union, by the active friends of this
measure, is to prevent the abolition of slavery in
that country. The question then arises, whether
Congress ought to annex it for that purpose; wheth-
er this government should interpose its power and
exert its means to prevent the spread of liberty.
It is contended by the friends of this measure,
that this government ought thus to interpose, and
indeed is bound to do so, because the abolition of
slavery in Texas would greatly weaken, if not
eventually overthrow, that institution in the slave
States; and that, as slavery is guarantied by the
constitution of the United States, Congress is bound
to use all the necessary means to prevent its over-
throw. I shall not stop here to inquire what effect
the abolition of slavery in Texas would have upon
slavery in this country; but I deny, utterly
deny, that the constitution of the United States
guaranties the existence of slavery in the
States, or anywhere else. A guaranty of the con-
tinued existence of anything requires the guarantor
to act to preserve that existence. Is Congress by
the constitution bound, or even authorized to act to
preserve slavery in the States? To determine this
question, we must go to the constitution itself. The
first provisions which are referred to which have
any bearing upon this question, are those provisions
of the first and second articles of the constitution
which confer upon the southern States political pow-
er, in consideration of their slaves, equal to three
votes for every five slaves they own; and it is con-
tended that the grant of this privilege is a guaranty
on the part of the constitution of the existence of
slavery. But how, and in what respect, does it
guaranty slavery? By it, is Congress called upon to
act to preserve it? Not at all. No one ever ima-
gined any such thing. Slaveholders never thought
it did. If they thought so, why have they not called
upon Congress to interpose to prevent the abolition
of slavery in those States where it has been abolish-
ed since the adoption of the constitution? Does not
the abolition of slavery in the States as much endan-
ger that institution in other States as it would he
endangered by its abolition in Texas? And if Con-
gress is bound to interpose to prevent it in one ease
why not in the other? But there is no guaranty
here, any more than it would be guarantying the
existence of horses or cattle, if the constitution had
conferred upon the northern States political power
equal to three votes for every five of these they
owned. While they should exist, the power would
exist. When they should die, or be otherwise dis-
posed of, the power would cease. The States might
preserve them as long as they could, but they would
have no right to call upon Congress to help preserve
them. That is not in the bond.
_ Again: it is said that by the fourth section of the
sixth article of the constitution, the United States
are bound, "on application of the legislature, or
of the executive, when the legislature cannot be
convened, to protect each of the States against
domestic violence." Admitted. It is asked, then,
if, in this case, Congress is not bound to act'
Most certainly. Well, is it not bound to act to
put down domestic violence, if the slaves should
rise in insurrection? Most assuredly it is. Then
it is asked, would not this be guarantying the ex-
istence of slavery? The answer to this question
depends upon the solution of another, and that is
whether, if Congress should not interpose in such a
case, the slaves could obtain their liberties by insur-
rection? If they could, then the obligation to put
down domestic violence may incidentally operate as
a guaranty of slavery, so far as its existence is en-
dangered by insurrection. If they could not, then
this clause of the constitution does not guaranty its
existence, directly or indirectly. I hold, that the
slaves never can obtain their freedom by insurrec-
tion. I believe that an insurrection among them
would only lead to the extermination of a great por-
tJ°n 0'them, and riveting the chains of slavery upon
the balance more firmly than ever. In saying this,
1 speak what I believe the result would be, if the
slave States should be left entirely to themselves.
Success in battle no longer depends upon physical
strength. "The race is not to the swift, nor the
battle to the strong." Improvements in the instru-
ments of war have changed the influences that give
victory. Attacked by those possessed of these in-
struments, and a knowledge of the use of them, the
poor ignorant slaves would be cut down like the
grass of the field. No, no, sir, slavery is not to be
abolished by insurrection among the slaves. Anti-
slavery men look to no such means for abolishing it
in the States. He must be a madman, a fanatic, in-
deed, who would stir up an insurrection among the
slaves for this purpose. The sooner such an insur-
rection should be quelled, the better it would be for
the cause of freedom itself. And neither the United
States, nor any citizen of the free States, who should
aid in quelling it, would be'guilty of sustaining
slavery, for slavery, whether that aid be given or
not, cannot be abolished by insurrection.
But there is another view to be taken of this clause
of the constitution. The provision is necessary to the
very existence of the government, whether slavery
exist or not. Should the government of a State be
overturned by domestic violence, the United States
government itself would feel the shock; an inroad
would be made upon its organization, and a wound
inflicted threatening its existence. In exercising
this power, therefore, it would do it, not to prolong
slavery, not to guaranty its existence, but to pre-
serve itself—its own existence, and a republican
form of government in the States. It is not con-
tended that this government may not do, and is not
bound to do, many things, the incidental effect of
which may be to strengthen slavery. All that is
contended for is, that it has no right to do, and is
not bound to do anything, the object of which is,
either directly or indirectly, to sustain slavery. It
may levy a duty upon imported cotton or sugar, the
incidental effect of which may be to raise the price
of slave labor, and thus, in some measure, may in-
cidentally sustain slavery; but it has no right to levy
these duties for the purpose of sustaining slavery.
Nor, iu so doing, does the government partake of
the guilt of slavery. Men are not, and cannot be
made, responsible for all the effects which may in-
cidentally flow from their acts. The incidental ef-
fect of Paul's preaching so long at Troas was, that
a young man, who sat in a window, fell into a deep
sleep, and fell down from the third loft, and was
taken up dead; yet Paul was not guilty of his death.
Governments and individuals are responsible for ef-
fects consequent on acts, the object of which was,
either directly or indirectly, to produce them; and
here their responsibility ceases. So the obligation
to quell domestic violence by this government does
not guaranty the continuance of slavery, nor make
it responsible for its existence, although the inci-
dental effect of it should be to prolong, in some
measure, that institution. It would simply be doing
right, although some evil consequences might ulti-
mately flow from it.
Again, it is contended that that part of the second
section of the fourth article of the constitution, which
piovides that "no person held to service or labor in
one State, under the laws thereof, escaping into an-
other, shall, in consequence of any law or regulation
therein, be discharged from such service or labor,
but shall be delivered up, on claim of the party to
whom such service or labor may be due," guaran-
tees the existence of slavery in'the States. Let us
dissect this provision and see whether it does or
not.
I admit, that by the phrase, "persons held in ser-
vice," slaves are intended, as well as apprentices.
H. of Reps.
But before this clause can apply at all, the slave or
apprentice must escape from the. State by whose
laws he is held to service, into another State. If he
be carried there by his master, or go by hisconsent
it does not apply at all, and he is free and cannot be
taken back. Say, then that he is a slave, thus es-
caped: what is his condition? By the common law
which was in force in all the States at the same
time the constitution was formed, he would be free
and the master could not take him back, in the same
manner that he is free now, when he goes into an-
other State with the consent of his master. This
provision repeals, annihilates, or destroys so much
of this common law as applied to slaves or appren-
tices escaping, and renders null and void any law
which a State shall pass, to revive the common law,
or in any respect to discharge them from the service
or labor due to their master. It requires no action
on the part of the government. It simply permits
the master to go after his slave where he could not
go were it not for this provision. It no more guar-
anties slavery than I should guaranty a man's title
to his farm, by permitting him to come upon my
land and get a deed which had been taken from him
and carried upon my premises, or should permit
him to come upon my premises and get a sheep
which had escaped from his enclosure. I know it
is contended that that part of the clause which says,
that he shall be delivered on claim of the party to
whom such service or labor may be due, requires
action onthe part of the government. What action,
1 ask? Of whom is this claim to be made? Not
of the government. The government has not the
possession of "the runaway. The claim is made
by the, owner taking possession of his slave; and
all the delivering up there is or can be in the case,
is, that no one shall interfere to prevent his taking
him. Suppose the^law should say, as it in fact
does, that, if my neighbor's horse gets into my
field, on claim of the owner, I shall deliver him up
to him: what would, what does, this require me to
do? Just nothing. I should fulfil the law by sim-
ply permitting the owner to take him away. And
this is all the people of the slaveholding States can
ask of the United States government under this sec-
tion—simply that they shall be permitted to catch,
if they can, and take back, if they can, their runa-
ways, without the interference of the State, or the
people of the State, into which they escape. That
this is the meaning of this clause of the constitu-
tion, is evident from the provisions of the statute
passed by Congress relative to fugitives—a Con-
gress composed of many of the able men who
formed the constitution of the United States. This
does not aid the master in the least in taking his
slave. It simply prohibits any person from ob-
structing him m doing it, and provides how he may
obtain a certificate, which shall be evidence that he
belongs to the owner, that persons may know this
fact, and not prevent him from taicing his fugitive
back to the State from which he fled.
We have thus surveyed all the provisions of the
constitution which are claimed to guaranty slavery.
In none of them is any guaranty given. None of
them require any action on the part of the United
States government, either to extend or perpetuate
slavery, much less that we shall annex a foreign na-
tion to us for that purpose.
It is claimed, however, by some southern gentle-
men, that slavery is a national institution, and, as
such, that we are bound to sustain it. This senti-
ment was very confidently advanced by the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Yancey.] It sounds,
certainly, to us northern men, veiy strange to hear
this institution called a national one by our south-
ern brethren. It is but a short time since, that, if a
northern man had anything to do or say about it,
he was in danger of being lynched. Then it was
declaied to be a State institution, and the.;. nei-
ther we nor this government had any right to
meddle with it. The cry of Southern men
then was, like that of the man who "dwelt among
the tombs"—"let us alone, what have we to do with
thee"—and they drove us out of their coasts; but
now, forsoth, it has become a national institution,
and they call upon us for aid—not, indeed, to "cast
out their devils," but to help keep the evil spirit of
slavery in them. What has produced this change?
Have they learned by the last census that they have
become the weaker vessel, and are destined to grow
weaker and weaker? Do they find "their bed so
short, that they cannot stretch themselves upon it;
and their covering so narrow, that they cannot wrap
themselves in it?" A change has come over the
spirit of tlteir dreams. They begin to feel, not
