378
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—.Mr. Rives.
Senate.
said, "has departed from Judah." But now they are
asked to bow their necks again to the yoke—nay,
to help fasten it upon them. They will never do it;
they will never submit to it. They will make un-
ceasing war upon any scheme of annexation, wheth-
er adopted by us or not, until it shall be among the
things that were.
I warn southern gentlemen against adding fuel to
the anti-slavery fire now burning in the hearts of
many at the North. They know little of the
strength of anti-slavery sentiment there. They look
upon the sixty-five thousand votes cast by the liber-
ty party, as embodying the whole of it; they are
much mistaken; it is not even a tithe of the whole
of it. There are more anti-slavery voters to day in
the free States, than there are slaveholders at the
South. These do not all belong to the liberty party,
but they are no less determined anti-slavery men.
Now, they feel that this government has no right to
abolish slavery in the States—that it has no juris-
diction over it there. They are satisfied with the
constitution as it is, if it be administered according
to its true intent and meaning. They do not desire
to change it even in those clauses which confer un-
due political power upon the slave States, and which
permit the master to pursue his fugitive slave and
capture him in the free States, although, were they
to form a new constitution, they would agree to no
such provisions. They are willing to abide by the
bond, but they will not enlarge its provisions, by
construction or otherwise. They have never agreed
to aid in the extension or perpetuation of slavery,
and they will never do it; but, at the same time,
they do not now desire to change the constitution;
they know it is changeable, that it may be amended,
and made what it should have been when adopted.
Should Texas be annexed, no man can calculate the
consequences. Already there is beginning to pre-
vail, in the free States, a sentiment that there can be
no stability in the measures of this government, op-
erating favorably upon northern interests, while sla-
very exists; that the Union itself cannot be main-
tained, unless slavery be overthrown. And there
are some liberty men who have already adopted the
sentiment, advanced by some southern men upon
this floor, that there exists in this government a
self-preserving power above the constitution; and
they say that this power may be exercised in abol-
ishing slavery in the States, if necessary to sustain
the Union and maintain our free institutions. If
slavery shall now triumph; if the constitution shall
be made to fall prostrate at his feet, and its powers
perverted to extend and perpetuate that institution,
one thing is certain, that the line dividing parties in
this country will henceforth be, slavery or freedom.
Then the little cloud, now no larger than a man's
hand, will quickly overspread the heavens; then the
South will find, not only that the sceptie has depart-
ed from Judah, and a law-giver from between his
feet, but also that the Shiloh of the slave is come.
The North is slow to anger, and plenteous in mercy;
but if its "wrath shall be kindled up, slavery will
find it a consuming fire."
SPEECH OF MR. RIVES,
OF VIRGINIA,
In Senate, February 1-5, 184.3-—On the resolution for the an-
nexation of Texas.
The Senate having resumed the consideration of the joint
resolution from the House for the annexation of Texas,
Mr. RIVES rose and addressed the Senate in opposition to
the joint resolution for the admission of Texas into the
Union. He commenced by observing that it was very well
known to the Senate, and not unknown to the country, (so
fai as an) humble opinion of his could be deemed of any
iinpoxtance,) that he was not opposed to the acquisition of
Texas whenever it could he fairly and honorably accom-
plished, in accordance with the provisions of the constitu-
tion, and without gravely disturbing the harmony of exist-
ing relations between one section ol this country and ano-
ther. aad between this government and other governments.
So far irons it, that he regarded that measure as combining
many important national advantages, commending it to the
consideration ol the whole country—ol the North and the
Wett more than the South.
In much of what hud been so eloquently said by the hon-
orable senator from Pennsylvania [.\'r Buchv^an] yester-
day, in regard to the expediency of the annexation, he con-
curred. Uut a lar highet question than that is now before
us. Everything that might be deemed by ufe expedient is
not, thereloie, lawful and justifiable. W hat would it profit
us should we gam Texas, jf thereby we lost our regard lor
that sacred instrument winch was the bond oi our national
union, the pledge and palladium ot our libeity and happi-
ness? The mode in which Texas was to be acquiied, m its
sspect upon the principles of our political compact, was,
with him, a vital and a paramount consideration We had
heretofore made important acquisitions of foreign territory,
more than doubling the area of oar original limits; but we
had made the acquisition by means of the treaty-making
powerj and in this case of Texas, too, the treaty power had
been called into action to achieve the measure of annexa-
tion, but the treaty not having received the constitutional
sanction of two-thirds of this body, it was now at last dis-
covered that all this reference to the treaty-making power
was a mere useless ceremony; a work of supererogation; an
idle, unmeaning formality; and that the object could be bet-
ter accomplished by a joint resolution, to be passed by a
mere majority of the two Houses of Congress. Under these
circumstances, the question now put to the judgment and
conscience of every senator was, whether this summary
mode of proceeding was warranted by the constitution, and
m conformity with that good faith which the people of the
several States had pledged to each other when they adopted
the constitution and promised to abide by it.
It was the piond distinction and the peculiar happiness of
this country to possess a written constitution—an instru-
ment which not only limited the general mass of power del-
egated to the government, but which defined the particular
powers to be exercised by each branch of that government.
According to its provisions, each department had its own
appropriate sphere of action; each of them checked and w as
in turn checked by others: and thus the whole togetherpre-
served the safeguard of the public liberty. The legislative
department in other governments arrogated to itself su-
preme power, the jura surnmi imperii; but, thank God! such
legislative supremacy was unknown in ours. The legisla-
tive as well as the other departments of government in our
system, were, m the impressive language of Mr. Jefferson,
"chained down" by the limitations of delegated authority.
"An elective despotism," as he had so well said, "was not
the government we fought for " In our system tile powers
were so balanced between the several bodies of magis-
tracy that neither could transcend its own limits without
being immediately checked by the others. This was the
fundamental conception of American constitutional liberty,
as understood by the enlightened founders of this republic,
and it had been faithfully carried out in the constitution of
the United States. In that instrument all the legislative
powers of the government were specifically enumerated
and vested in the two Houses of Congress; the executive
power was defined and intrusted to the hands of the
President; while the judicial authority was confided
to the Supreme Court, and to such other subordinate courts
as should be established from time to time by CoDgress
This organization embraced all the great internal interests
ol the country.
Bpt there remained other interests to be provided for,
which had respect to the relations of this country with
foreign powers. So important was the power which con-
trolled these, that Locke, in his celebrated treatise on gov-
ernment, had ranked it along with the legislative and exec-
utive, as a co-ordinate independent power, under the name
ol the federative power. All these interests, whether ot
peace or war, of alliances, of succors, of commerce, of ter-
ritory, of boundaries, were regulated by treaty. It became,
therefore, m laying the foundations of the government, a
matter of primary importance to determine where this
^great power should be lodged. In all the modern govern-
ments of Europe, it was an appendage to the executive; but
in ours it was different. Under the articles of the confeder-
ation, this power was reposed in Congress, but the consent
of nine States was requisite to give effect to any treaty or
alliance. "When the convention met to frame the new con-^
stitution, it was an embarrassing as well as an important in-
quiry, where this power should be deposited. The first
idea suggested was to place it in the Senate exclusively;
then it was suggested that the President should be associa-
ted with the Senate; and when this was resolved on, then
arose the question whether the President and a mere major-
ity of the Senate should exercise the power, or whether
more than a majority should be required In this question
great interests were involved The northern States enter-
tained great jealousy in regard to the interests of the fish-
eries, and feared lest, in the future exigencies of the repub-
lie, these might come to be ceded by treaty, while the
southern States were equally jealous respecting the navi-
gation of the Mississippi and the question of their western
boundaries, both which points were then m controversy
with Spain Both the North and South, therefore, united in
demanding that more than a simple majority of the Senate
should be requisite for the ratification of a treaty, and the
proportion of two-thirds was finally agreed on.
The new constitution having been adopted by the conven-
tion which framed it, it was presented to the people assem-
bled in conventions in their several States for acceptance
or rejection. When the draft of the new insti urnent
came before the convention of Virginia, no leature in it at-
tracted so earnest and so jealous a degree ol attention as
this power to form treatiGS The thunder ot Patrick Henry's
eloquence was immediately launched aganut it, because
he thought lis arrangement of the treaty-making power did
not sufficiently secure to the South and the West their
rights in reference to the navigation of the Mississippi and
to their western boundaries. He compared the new consti-
tution with the old articles of confederation in this respect,
and endeavored to show that the States had enjoyed greater
security under the latter than they would by the new ar-
rangement, So great was the anxiety in the Virginia con-
vention respecting the safety of western interest?, that a
most searching inquiry was instituted into the acts of the
Continental Congress resprcting a negotiation lor the tem-
porary surrender of our right of navigating the M is&i^sippi,
and members of the convention who had been delegates to
Congress were called to the stand a& w itnesses.and required
to testify what had been done in that matter Nor was it
until after days of deliberation that Virginia finally con-
sented to ratify the new constitution; but she accompanied
her latification with a proposition iur its amendment, de-
manding higher security respecting the exercise of the
treat) -making power. Her demand was, that m commercial
treaties the assent of two-thirds of all the members of the
Senate should be requisite, and that in treaties for territorial
boundaries the assent of three-fourths of both Houses should
be requisite The noble and patriotic State of North Caro-
lina concurred with Virginia in this amendment, but it was
nftt acceded to by the other States, the requisite number
of them having ratified it with the treaty clause as it now
stood.
Soon after the new government went into operation, an
important discussion arose in Congress as to the extent of
this very power. He referred to the unfortunate difference
of opinionsftetween the House of Representatives and Presi-
dent Washington respecting the British treaty negotiated
by Mr. Jay. The House called on the President for the in-
structions under which the treaty had been made, and Gen.
Washington sent them an answer in which, with the high*
est authority which had ever accompanied any merely hu-
man words, he gave his testimony as to the true intent and
meaning of this part of the constitution. His words were
these:
"Having'heen a member of the general convention, and
knowing the principles on which the constitution was
formed, I have ever entertained but one opinion on this sub-
ject; and, from the first establishment of the government to
this moment, my conduct has exemplified that opinion, that
the power of making treaties is exclusively vested in the
President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
provided two-thirds of the senators present concur; and that
every treaty, so made and promulgated, thenceforward be-
came the law of the land."
"It is a fact declared by the general convention, and uni-
versally understood, that the constitution of the United
States was the result of a spirit of amity an# mutual con-
cession. And it is well known that, under this influence,
the smaller States were admitted to equal representation in
the Senate with the larger States; and this branch of the
government was invested with great powers, for, on the
equal participation of those powers, the sovereignty and po-
litical safety of the smaller States were deemed essentially
to depend."
Mr. R was happy to say that that patriotic and enlight-
ened House of Representatives, including, as it did, such
men as Madison, Nicholas, Livingston, and Gallatin, and
going, as it did, to an extent hardly justified in regard to
their right freely to pass or not to pass acts to redeem the
public faith, when plighted by treaties, yet did disclaim, in
the most positive manner, any agency in the making of
Mr. R. said he had brought forward these facts in order
to show that no question had entered more deeply into the
frame work and vital compromises of the constitution than
the arrangement of the treaty-making power—a power now
sought to be exercised, in open defiance of the constitution,
by the two Houses of Congress. There were occasions
when the sudden irruption of new and dangerous innova-
tions drove us all to an examination of the fundamental
doctrines of our system. Virginia had a maxim in her bill
of rights which could never be too often repeated, that "no
free government or the blessing of liberty can be preserved
to any people but by a firm adherence to justice, tempe-
rance, moderation, and virtue, and by a frequent recurrence
to fundamental principles." If ever there had been an occa-
sion which called for such a recurrence, and the exercise
of these saving vtrtues, this was one.
Having seen where the constitution has deposited the
power of making treaties, the next question which present-
ed itself was this: What is a treaty <—for on that question
depended the rightful decision on the measure now pro-
posed.
An attempt had been made to attach a technical and ca-
balistic meaning to the word, which, if adopted, went to
exclude many international contracts. But was this so?
Wre were in possession of what was justly deemed the
highest authority on such questions. Vattel told us what
was the naked fundamental conception of a treaty, defining
it to be "a public compact between independent sovereign
powers" That was the whole matter; there was no mys-
tery about it. He knew indeed that, in the language of
diplomacy, we had both treaties and articles of convention,
but conventions were all treaties; if not, whence did the
Senate derive its power to.ratify conventions, so called?
An agreement between two nations in reference to a spe-
cific object or to a single, act to be performed, buchasthe
payment of indemnities or the fixing of some unimportant
boundary, was usually denominated a convention; still it
was in substance a treaty, for the term treaty w as generic
and comprehended the whole. A treaty, according to the
highest authority, was simply an international compact.
It was important to know in what sense this term treaty
was understood by the people when they were called on to
ratify the treaty-making power, as laid down in the new
constitution. And on this point it gave him great pleasure
to turn the attention of the Senate to a brief passage of the
tedeiahst, which not only furnished adefinition of a treaty,
but went to explain the whole nature, philosophy, and con-
ception of the tieaty -making power. Gentlemen would find
the passage in No. 7-5 of the federalist, page 322:
"The essence of the legislative is to enact laws; or, in
other words, to prescribe itiles for the regulation of the
society, while the execution of the law s and the employ-
ment of the common strength, either for this purpose or for
the common defence seem to comprise all the functions of
executive magistrate. Thepowex of making tieaties is
plainly neither the one nor the other. It relates neither to
the execution of the subsisting law s, nor to the enaction of
new ones, and still less to an exertion of the common
.strength. Its objects aie contracts with loreign powers,
which have the foice of law, but derive it from the obliga-
tions of good faith. They are not rules prescribed by the
sovereign to the subject, but ajpeemeuts between sovereign
and sovereign. The power in question, therefore, seems to
form a distinct department, and to belong properly neither
to the legislative*nor to the executive.'5
Now, with the lights derhed from this authoritative defi-
nition of treaties and the treaty-making powtr, Mr. R.
turned to the joint resolution which had been received from
the House of Representatives, and he would inquire
whether it w as not, to all intents and purposes, in every
practical sense, a trcotj , and nothing but a treaty? It was
not a change ofnameora variation mform which affected
the substance oi things. He put it to gentlemen to <ay
whether this joint resolution was not in substance a "con-
tract with 3 foreign power7" Was it not a treaty, in the
language of the Federalist, just as much as Mr. Tyler's trea-
ty, which had been submitted to the last session? What
wasa contiact? His learned friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr Buchakan] needed not to be reminded that a contract
was an "agreement to do or not to do a particular thing or^
