Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Rives.
Senate.
a sufficient consideration." Was not this an agreement, on
certain terms and conditions, to admit a foieign nation into
this associated tederal republic? The question answered,
itself. What had the honorable senator done yesterday'*
Had he not gone over the terms of this agreement, declaring
that some oi them he liked and others he did not like'' In
this resolution Congress was asked to bay to Texas, "If
you will unhorse your President; dissolve your govern-
ment; go back to a state of nature; cede all your public es-
tablishments, muics, minerals, and every thing but your
public lands, retain your public domam; continue responsi-
ble for your debts, agree, to the understanding' that new
States may be carved out of) our territory, on the condition
that mail of them noith of a certain lino slavery shall be
prohibited forever, and in tho^e south of it it shall or shall
not be piohibited, as the people may choose,—if 3 ou will do
all thc&e things, then it is abaigain, and we will admit you
into ourconfedeiacy on equal teims with ouiselves." Now,
if this was not an agreement—llit was not a contrnct, and
that with an extraordinary display ot terms too, then Mr.
R did not know what an agreement or a contract was.
That it was an agreement all the world must see. No man
could wink so haul as not to see it The only question,
then, which remained was, whether it was not an agree-
ment with a foreign independent power?
What, then, was Texas' Need .Mr 11, at this time of
clay, prove the title of Texas to national independence'?
Should he be told that she was not a foieign, soveieign, in-
dependent power? He presumed not Then, whether we
looked at the terms or at the parties, this was an agreement
between sovereign and sovereign.
Now, then, where was such an agreement to be consum-
mated accoiding to the constitution? He asked the honor-
able senator from Pennsylvania where? The joint resolu-
tion announces its true character 011 its face. Res ipsa loqui-
tur. it is styled a joint resolution, "declaring the terms on
which Congress will admit Texas into the Union as a State."
When we looked at the body of the resolution, did it bear
the ordinary badge ol legislation —"be it enacted7" No: its
language was, "be it consented." [A laugh.] It was the
language of the marriage ceremonjf—"whereas A and B
have consented together in holy wedlock." [Increased
laughter] lie was sorry to be obliged to make such an al-
lusion when addressing the honoxable gentleman, who was
not \et initiated m these m)steries [More laughter]
Yes, "its terms were "be it consented," "it is hereby
agreed,"' not • hereby enacted " It was the very languag
oi treaties Gentlemen couid not wink so- haul as not to
see it wd> in substance a tieaty, begun and ended 1))* legis-
lation.
And, further, when we looked at the subject matter of the
agreement, Mr. 11 averred not only that it was a treaty, but
that the objoct could be consummated 111 no other way than
by treaty
Mr. R laid down this pioposition, and he invited the hon-
orable senator (who, though not a "Philadelphia lawyer,"
was, at all events, a Pennsylvania lawyer) to find a Haw in
it if he could He asserted that foreign territoiy could not
peaceably be acquired (upon terms and conditions, as in this
case) 111 any other mode than by treaty; because such terri-
tory, being under an independent sovereign power, could
not be peaceably acquired without the consent of that sov-
ereign; and when that consent was given, in whatever form,
it constituted a treaty, and nothing else.
He had heard, by way of embarrassing and mystifying the
subject, a great deal said as to the various modes m which
territory could be acquired They were told that it might
be acquired by conquest and by discoveiy. So it could, but
neither of these modts afiected Mr. lt.'s proposition in the
least. He said it could not be peaceably acquired. This, m
terms, excluded acquisition by conquest, andbj implication
it excluded discoveiy, because it referred to a ca-^e of a peo-
pled and settled country, under the jurisdiction oi a sover-
eign organized power He again invited his honorable and
learned friend to ant-went lfhe could Let lnm pent out a
mode by which foreign territory could be peaceablj re
quired, in the proper political sense of the rights ol juiisctic-
tion attaching to it, otherwise than b\ treaty
Hence it w ds> that, after the discussion of a quarter ot a
centuiv, it hud come to be the settled law of the land that
the treaty power could acquire foreign territory, and that it
exclusively w as competent to that iu'iction.
Mr R w cut 011 to sav that this question had come up for
decision belore the highest judicial tribunal ot the country
in the c i«e ot the American Insuiance company \ s. Cant^i,
referred to by *he honorable senator from Kentucky [Mr
Mor.ihi.AD 1 wlienthdt august court had pronounced the
oi lman that the consitution. having established the treaty-
making power without qualification or restriction, it h.td
the same extent in our government which it hail 111 all other
governments, and legitimately extended to the acquisition
wf loreign territorv. He was no law yer. and as if he
was going out of *lm sphere in quoting cases to his learn-d
ft lend. He understood, however, that the honur^b!e^efaJ;°r
recognised the correctness, of that decision in its fullest e. -
tent He did not pietend to question that the tieaty powei
might acquire foreign territory, but he made a diction
—that wti< n a foreign power alienated only a portion 01 its
territorv, and thereby dismembeied itself, a tieaty was ne-
cessiry" hut the case was dlll'erent w hen such a government
alienated the whole of its territory Such w as the disfinc-
tion of tho gentleman. But if there wos anything m it, the
gentleman was estopped from using such an argument, be-
cause the treaty submitted at the last session did propo.e to
siieuote the whole Teuan teintorv and the gentleman
voted for it, ii-1 his own act, theiefore, he had ieeogni ed
the doetriiu that the treaty pow er was the piopei "'s«u'
). ■ ■ Li' of ,1( uuisition, even when the whole teiutorj of a
foreign gove1 no.ient was by its own act to be alienated,
Koubtle-s the gentleman had the cases ot Louisiana and
Honda 111 his mind. But even admitting the distinction
taken, that did not oti'eet the domestic, question with us. it
asl cted onlv thn other party. The question.is raised w -,s
not whelh.M this gov, rnrnent could acquire the territory of
another government by m Mv, hut whether or no •
competent for a foreign government to alienate the whole
of its territoiy w ithout the express consent of people.
But there was a most obvious «) to avoid that difhcul'y
This joint resolution picvided for taking the sense of the
people of Texas on the question in their own primary as-
semblies. And could not a treaty provide the same thing?
And here he would remind the honorable senator that
Mr. Madison, in the instructions given by him at the time
of the acquisition of Louisiana, suggested that very thing
—that some mode should be provided of obtaining the con-
sent of the inhabitants to the act of cession. It was ac-
cording to the general principles of the law of nations.
Vattel nimself declared that m such cases the people were
to be consulted. Now, what Mr. R. said was this: that, as
the alienation of the whole was more important than the
alienation of a part, so there was a greater necessity for ob-
serving all the constitutional guaranties furnished by the
treaty-making power in one case than in the other. The
admission of Texas being the former case, it required the
interposition of all the guaranties in the constitution re-
specting transactions with foreign nations, and must have
th« assent of two-thirds of the sovereign members of the
confederacy.
Peihaps the honorable senator had the idea that, in a
transaction like this, where a foreign government transfer-
red its entire termor j , with all its inhabitants, to the gov-
ernment of a new sovereign, where it transferred human al-
legiance as well as mere acres of the soil, it was not a trea-
ty, and he feared an honorable friend in his eye [Mr. Fos-
ter] was a good deal taken by this doctrine. But was
there any ground for it'? A treaty was an agreement with
a ioreign sovereign: and where was the sovereignty in
Texas? Certainly, according to the American doctrine, in
the mass of the people. Now, if the agreement was made
ultimately with the people, instead of being less, it was
nioie emphatically a treaty with a sovereign power than if
made with the government only 11 the honorable senator
from Pennsylvania really intended to intimate that a transac-
tion by which an entire territory and people are transfeired
to a foreign sovereignty is not properly a treaty, (though
he at least would seem to be estopped from such an argu-
ment by his vote for the treaty of the last session,) he would
give the "law and the prophets." It was an authority from
the weight of which that gentleman would not detract, and
it went directly to show that precisely such a transaction as
is now in view with the people of Texas is a treaty. Vattel
(book 1, chap. 16) speaks of two forms of treaty, in which
orie of the parties assume a subordinate relation to the
other; the one a treaty of protection merely, and the other
a treaty bv which one powei, 011 account of weakness, an
intimate community of interest, or other cause, submits it-
self entirely to another. His language was this—lirstasto
a treaty of protection:
" \\ hen a nation is not capable of preserving itself from
insult and oppression, she maj procure the protection of 3
more powerful State. If she obtains this by only engaging
to perform ceitain articles, as, to pay a tnbute m return
foi the s.xfet> obtained, to furnish her protector with troops,
and to embark in all his wars as a joint concern, but still
reserving to herself the right of administering her own
government at pleasure, it is a simple treaty of protection,
that does not at oil derogate from her sovereignty, and dif-
fers not from the ordinary treaties of alliance, otherwise
than as it creates a difference 111 the dignity ol the contract-
ing parties."
Then follows a paragraph describing precisely the nature
of the transaction now befoie us, by which one foreign
State is proposed to be completely subjected to and incor-
porated into another, and denominating it expiessly a
treaty. He begged leave to read it to the Senate:
'•But this matter is sometimes earned still further; and,
although a nation is under an obligation to pieserve with
the utmost caie the liberty and independence it inherits
fiom nature, j et, when it has not sufficient strength of itself,
and feels itsell unable to resist its enemies, it may lawfully
subject itself to a more powciful nation, on ceitain condi-
tions agreed to by both parties; and the compact or treat)
of submission will thenceloiwaid be the measure and the
rule of the rights ol each. For, since the people who enter
into subjection resign aught which naturally belongs to
them, and transfer it to another nation, they are perfectly
at libertv to annex what conditions they please to this
transfer,'and the other party, by accepting their subjection
011 this looting, engages to observe religiously all the clauses
of the treaty."
lie knew that lm honnrablo^ml learned friend from Mas-
sachusetts [.Mr. Choasj-J had, dining the la^t session
thrown out the idea that this was not piopeily the subject
ot treaty, and had asserted that the records ol history could
not show an example ol such a treaty. With all respect
lor the learning and sagacity of his honoiable fnend, he
musit nevertheless be permitted to saj that on this point he
thought him mistaken Such instance'- must naturally have
occurred in the mutations oi empire. Ills hiend well knew
the frequenc) with which the absorption of lesser states
hddoccuredm the progress of tin; Roman empire to uni-
versal dominion He had not made this point a subject of
reccnt inquiry, but he thought he could not, m saying that
theie had been mail) instances of the absorption and incor-
poration by tieaty, be mistaken It had also taken place 111
modern times. Ilow had the vast monarchies of Europe
grown up and extended themselves but by the annexation
(in some eaM-s undoubtedly by convention) of weaker ter-
ritories around them* Let the honorable senator consult
the classic pages of his own'adnurable Piescott, and 1 doubt
not he tvill hud there that the Spanish monarch) h.ulbuen
built up and established by the successive incoiporations
with Arragon and Castile of the kingdoms of Granada end
N-jvarre. The case of Granada was directly m point, and
was. so stnking <md j'k'uh-suuc 111 its chnacter as to be
fresh in the it collection of ail. The Moorish sovereign,
111 the menace wreck of his affairs, made a treaty, by
winch he sm rendered his whole kmgdom to Ferdinand and
Ibdbella for a smaller province, which also he afterwauk
suirendered, and finally retired into Africa. Let the-gen-
tleman look at the hn>toiy of the low countries—the great
battle field of Kuiope --.ind see how, with ocaasional pe-
riods of national independence, they had been tiansferred
from one sovereign to another. Was all this done without
treaty' Or let him turn to a still more modern instance—
the connection between Noivvay and Sweden. Norway
had been a dependency of Denmark. Denmark, by treaty,
ceded her to Sweden, but Norway refused to be ceded; she
set up her own banner, like Texas; adopted a new constitu-
tion, and asserted her independence; but at length, being
closely pressed by Sweden, she entered into negotiation,
and concluded a convention, by which she surrendered her
sovereignty, both territory and people, to the Swedish ,
crown. These certainly were cases in point. But Mr. R.
did not rest on them; he rested on the impregnable author-
ity ol the well-known exposition of the law of nations
which he had quoted—an authority which was in the hands
of every framer of the constitution. While, on the part of
Texas, therefore, an appeal, to the people might be neces-
sary to sanction the transfer of their entire territory and
national independence, with us the constitution had pro-
vided a competent power to treat with them in'the regular
treaty-making branch of the government, and that power
we were bound to pursue according to the imperative forms
of the constitution.
JVlr. R. said thus much in relation to the treaty-making
power, because he considered it an indisputable preliminary
to another question. If the general power of making con-
ventional arrangements with foreign nations was delegated
by the constitution to the President and two-thirds of the
Senate, and, m the words of General Washington, exclu-
sively vested in them, then he held that no other olausa in
the same instrument could be so interpreted as to nullify
that grant. Would the senator from Pennsylvania tell him
that, after this investiture of the treaty power in the execu-
tive and two-thirds of the States, as represented in this
body, it was admissible to give such a construction to ano-
ther clause of the constitution as wholly to overrule ana
subvert that power? Yet that was the scope and necessary
effect of the argument Under the power of Congress to ad-
mit new States into the Union, it was contended that a mere
majority of the two Houses of Congress could enter ^ into
stipulations and agreements with foreign States for their in-
corporation into our political system, although the power
of treating with foreign States had been expressly restricted
to the President and two-thirds of the States, as represented
in this body. Would it not be most extraordinary, indeed,
that the wise and sagacious men who framed the constitu-
tion should have placed so strong acheck on the most unim-
portant transactions of this government with foreign pow-
ers, such as the payment of a sum of money, the surrender
of criminals, the fixing of some small and unimportant
boundary line, by requiring the assent of two-thirds of the
States, and > et should have abandoned to a simple majority
of the two Houses the vast, formidable, transcendent power
of treating with a foreign nation fonts incorporation into
our Union? The mere statement of the proposition was suf-
ficient. It could not bear a moment's consideration. Was
not such a power as capable of deranging the original ad-
justment of their relative interests among the States as an
amendment of the constitution itself? And yet for the
amendment of the constitution the assent of three-fourths
of the States was indispensably required. Was it to be
presumed, in the face of this manifest intention of the fra-
me™ of the constitution to reserve a veto on all transactions
and agreements with foreign States in the hands of one-
third of the sovereign members of the confederacy, that the
vast power of admitting a foreign government and people
into the Union would be intrusted to the vote of a mere
transient party majority ol the tw 0 Houses of Congress"* It
cannot be supposed for a moment.
And in what part of the constitution was this vast, impe-
rial power, capablc of subverting all its well-adjusted bal-
ances, to be found?—this lever of Archimedes, with which
to prize up from its stable foundations the whole system of
our constitutional government' Where, he asked, was it
to be found? in the iorefront of the constitution? In the
.same phalanx of enumerated powers with the powei to
make war, the power to com money, the power to raise ar-
mies, to build navies, to levy taxes? No, sir. At the very
foot of the instrument, amid the odds and ends of miscella-
neous provisions. It was lelegated to an obscure corner; it
was pushed off into a dark hiding hiding-place, where it lay
conceakd, like some Guy Fawkes, beneath the Senate
House, pieparedto blow up and involve in one common
ruin the constitution and the Union of the country. Surely
if this provision had the colossal magnitude which the
honorable senator supposed, it would not have been thus
sneaked ofl' ito use the niemoiable expression of a former
distinguished member of tins body, now 110 more) into a
corner. , , ..
1 he honorable senator had instructed us by reading cer-
tain genej al rules oi interpretation laid down by Vattel; but
Mr il should leave all that, and come a little nearer home,
'lie w ould ask the gentleman's attention and that of the Senate
to a very pertinent and pi actical rule of construction, ap-
plying to the constitution of the. United State', ±aid
bv one who had a deeper interest 111 our system not that
JW. It. Objected to the passage which the senator from
l'enns) lvd-iiia had read. The rules, w e\e good in themselves,
butth<\ were inapplicable to the question He would
fchow that the lounge of the constitution, m the clause
row under discussjon, admitted of but one rational interpre-
tation. end that 111 prccise coincidence with the literal im-
port oi the woids, as they were universally  nJerstood and
leceived at the time of the establishment of the constitu-
tion He had before him a canon of constitutional interpre-
tation *hich lie, well knew the senator from Penns) Ivania
must rcspect, for it came from an authority before which
all true democrats would reverentially bow. It: was to be
found in a letter from Mr. Jetterson to Judge Johnson, in
which that distinguished founder of the d™9crat^,sc!',l0'
recapitulated the fundamental pnnc:ijta.of h «eed.
f verv nuestion of construction," he w f shoufa cany
ourselves back to the time when the constitution was adopt-
ed recollect the spirit manifested m the donates, and. in-
"'eV o tr51n?«hatme,.nn.g may be snuoczee1 out of the
telt, or invented aSain',t it conform to the probable one in
WHe!V«IsSa'?ooddrepubllcan rule of conduction: and it
UMa nUewhiCh had been sanctioned by the highest judi-
cnl tr'buna! oi the country, m one of the greatest causes
everbrouKMupfor the decision ot any court on earth. It
wa= the case of a citi/cn m Ma.yiand against the Common-
wealth of Pennsvlvania, in relerence to the recovery of fu-
eitive slaves. In that case the most delicate and cn.ical
reiatforis of the States of this Union were involved; and in
delivering the opinion of the court, recognuang and affirm-
