382
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSE.
Peb. 1846.
28th Coug 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Rives.
Senate.
constitutional liberty, that it was impossible even for the
violent passions of men permanently to dissolve the ties by
which its various parts are linked together. But the dan-
ger was that the re-union would be effected by the sword;
and then would follow the sternness of military despotism,
extinguishing here, in their last retreat, the hopes of liberty
and law on earth. That was his fear.
Let us now, Mr. President, attempt to follow out in the
visions of the future what was likely to occur, if, in the face
of the remonstrances of those who took their stand upon the
plighted faith of |the constitution, this measure should be
consummated by a mere majority of the two Houses of Con-
gress. When the next Congress met, supposing the people
of Texas to have accepted the terms proposed, what might
happen. His friend from Pennsylvania had spoken of this
joint resolution as pledging the faith of the nation. Mr R.
would ask, could an act of the legislature so pledged the
faith of this nation to a foreign power as to tie up the hands
of a succeeding legislature? Mr. R. did not so read the con-
stitution. The same legislative majority which passed the
joint resolution might repeal it. Who could answer
for the changes that might take place in the great deep of
public opinion? Who could say how future elections might
turn out' What security had gentlemen that the next Con-
gress, by their majority power, might not repeal the act of
the present Congress, and, when Texas came for admission,
the door bo slammed in her face—what then?
But suppose Texas to be admitted. The honorable senator
says he likes this joint resolution because the slaverj ques
tion is settled by it, and finally put on the basis of the Mis-
souri cotnpiornise. Could the honorable senator say tha-
there was any peculiar sanctity in this joint resolution that
must exempt it from the power of future legislation? Might
not a future legislature, under the excitement produced by
what they deemed a wanton invasion of the constitution,
rise up and declare that it had the same right to act upon
this question as its predecessor; that a former Congress had
no right to bind them; and, though a previous body had un-
dertaken to stipulate the observance of the Missouri com-
promise in Texas, yet when a new State formed out of its
territory should come knocking for admittance, it had the
same right to prescribe conditions as those who had gone
before them, and that it would not admit the new Texian
States |but upon condition of the perpetual prohibition of
slavery? Could they not do so? Would they not have the
power? And would not this Congress have furnished them
a provocation, if not a justification, by their example in vio-
lating the constitution^ Mr. R. told his friend that he was
planting the germ ofa conflict in the States of this Union,
the end of which neither ofthem could see.
And now he turned to his southern friends on that floor;
and he would invoke their sober attention to what he
should submit to their consideration. The entire slave-
holding portion of this Union could place themselves for
safety only on the sacredness of the constitution. They
stood for their very existence on what Mr. Jefferson had
called "a sacro-sanct" adherence to its provisions, being the
only shield for the rights of a minority. How did they
stand in that body? However they might rely (he well
knew) on the fidelity of Delaware to all the compromises
of the constitution, Delaware was yet practically a non-
slaveholding State. They stood, therefore, as twenty-four
slaveholdmg votes to twenty-eight non-slaveholding. And
in the other House the proportion was eighty-seven rep-
resentatives of slaveholdmg States to one hundred and
thirty-six non-slaveholding.
They had just received an admonition which it became
them well to heed; they had got a warning in the other
branch which they ought not to disregard. There had been
a recent vote in that House on a sectional question w hich
might be taken as a fair measure of the relative strength of
the two interests. It had been on the permission to Florida
to divide her territory into two States when her population
should amount to 35,000 east of the Suwannee river, and how
did the numbers stand'* Seventy seven in favor of it to one
hundred and twenty-three against it—having a dead ma-
jority of fifty opposed to the slaveholding interest/which
was about the same when that House was full. Would
senators representing that interest set the example of
trampling on the guaranties of the constitution, and of ad-
mitting the absolute and unlimited power of a majority?
Had that been the wisdom of their ancestors'? Let gentle-
men look at the proceedings of the southern States at the
adoption of the constitution. They had insisted on a ma-
jority of two-thirds in the regulation of commerce, which
they had lost, however, in the manner he had shown du-
ring the last session of Congress. They had so far suc-
ceeded a? to require a two-thirds vote to overrule the nega-
tive of the President, the necessity of throe fourths of the
States for amending the constitution, and of two-thirds of
the States, as represented m the Senate, for the ratihcaton
of treaties. Mr. II. had barely alluded to the question of
the navigation of the Mississippi m the old Congress He
hoped lus worthy friends who implemented thai region of
the Union would look back on tke transactions at the time
he referred to.
Mr. R alluded to them as a woinmg. Under the old Con-
gress the assent ot nnie States was necessary to the ratifica-
tion of a treaty. On the arrival of a Spanish minister, Mr.
Jay was authorised to treat with him. but was expressly re-
quired to stipulate for the light of the navigation of the
Mississippi and lor the mtegntj of our w estern boundary.
These instructions were givm by the* votes of nine States
Subsequently apian was pi oposed for ceuuig the navigation
of the river for twentj-In e } cars, and a bare majority re-
scinded the previous instructions But then arose the ques-
tion whether a simple majority ■"ould rescind a vote which
it had required a majorit) of two-third1-to adopt Let gen-
tlemen look at the battles the bloody bottles which ensued
in the old Congress, when the seven Northern States votud
in solid phalanx, and with the undivided force of their
delegations, against the fi\e Southern States On that
memorable occasion the South had been overwhelmed by
a mere majority riding o\er the provision* of the consti.
tution
In consequence of this, Mr Jay maue a treaty with the
Spanish minister, in which our right to the navigation of
^ie Mississippi was yielded for twenty-five years. The
South and West protested against it from year to year, un-
til at last, under the wise lead and auspices of Mr. Madison,
they had triumphed, but triumphed only under that conser-
vative clause m the articles of confederation which requir-
ed the assent of two thirds for the ratification of a treaty.
Mr. R. held out this piece of history as a warning to the
South. They were the weaker party. They should be the
very last to give up the conservative features of the consti-
tution. If they were now so blind as to recognise the dis-
pensing power of a mere majority, the time might come
when the peculiar interests of the South, involving their
rights of property, their domestic peace, the security of
their firesides, would be placed at the mercy of such a ma-
jority. Let the present measure be consummated, and the
principle it involved be sanctioned, and Southern gentle-
men might expect soon to see, by way of reprisal, a ma-
jority in both Houses undertaking to abolish slavery in
the District of Columbia; and the next thing would be,
under the clause to regulate commerce, an act prohibit-
ing the removal and transfer of slaves from State to State;
but, more than all, and beyond all, he would ask south-
ern gentlemen how they would then stand in regard to
that great fundamental act, which constituted the sole
security of the South as to their retention of their slave
property? - He referred to the act of 1793. He would in-
vite especially the attention of his worthy and respect-
ed friend in his eye, from South Carolina, [Mr. Huger,] to
this subject. It was the act for the delivery of fugitive
slaves; and gentlemen must remember that it had been sol-
emnly decided by the Supreme Court, in the great case of
Prigg vs Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, to which he had
already referred, that the power of enforcing such a deliv-
ery was exclusively in the hands of Congress. The indi-
vidual States had no power to pas3 such a law, and, if they
did, it would be, under that decision, null and void. Now,
if gentlemen sanctioned the right of a mere majority to
consummate such an act as now proposed, involving conse-
quences so important, another majority might take their
ready revenge m repealing the act of 1793, which would in
practice amount to a virtual proclamation of universal
emancipation. There would be no security whatever for
any slave property. It would be like telling every slave in
the country that there was liberty for the captive, and if he
could but get beyond the limits of the slaveholding States
he was that moment free. Ought not every southern man
to pause before he sanctioned a principle like this, leading
so naturally, if not necessarily, to such consequences? He
would ask his honorable and high-minded friend, for whom
no man could cherish more respect and regard than he did.
that if we gave our sanction to an example like that now
proposed, do we not ourselves "teach bloody instructions,
which, when taught, return to plague the inventor?"
-"Thus even-handed justice
Commends the ingredients of the poisoned chalice
To our own lips."'
Nor was this all; it had been declared, and that under the
sanction of very distinguished names, to be a constitutional
doctrine, that m time of war the rights of property were
submitted to the absolute discretion of the war power. "Jn-
ter arma silent legis." Suppose, then, the nation to be in a
state of actual war. Congress growing tired of the contest,
the resources of the country exhausted, and a majority m
both Houses prepared to terminate the struggle: what
could they do7 (Mr. R. had seen, in one of the ieading pa-
pers of his own State, the doctrine unequivocally advanced
by a favorite writer, that the power which declared war
could terminate a war and make peace, in the very teeth of
the constitution.)
Again he asked, whither we were tending7 Suppose a
majority in both Houses to be tired of the war, and resolved
on returning at all hazards to a state of pcace: the Minister
of the hostile power demanded the abolition of slavery as the
price of peace; then, according to the precedent now to be
set, and the new doctrines broached by the friends of annex-
ation, at all hazards, a majority of Congress might make a
treaty of peace, in which a proclamation of freedom would
form the leading article. He admitted that these things were
monstrous e\ en in idea, but he contended that they were
but the legitimate offspring of> claim now set np to make
a treaty with a foreignpower by a bare majority of Congress.
It would be a fair corollary from such premises.
Mr. R. said he had seen with despondency, with a depres-
sion of spirit which he had no words to express, the most
disorganizing doctrines, as he conceived them to be.
broached respecting fundamental provisions of the consti-
tution. His honorable friend fiom Pernio) lvariia [Mr Bu-
chanan] said that he was a triend of the constitution Mr.
It. would be the last to doubt it, but. unfortunately like a
highly distinguished character, with whom he 'knew it
would be the pride of the honorable senator to have his
name associated, he feared he was a friend to "the constitu-
tion as he understood it. [A laugh ] Mr. R was sorry,
knowing as he did the gentleman's fidelity to the constitu-
tional compromises infa\or of the rights of the South, that
he should give the great weight of his personal authority to
the dangerous doctrines of which he had spoken. These
doctrines had unhinged the public mind. 1he\er> axioms
and postulates with which our system of constitutional
checks started were denied—ever} thing w as thrown com-
pletely at sea, under this sudden iuror lor the acquisition of
a foreign territory, in utter disregard of the limits of the
constitution.
Mr R. said that he did in his conscience believe that the
issue of the experiment here first made of a written, balanced,
limited constitution, depended oh the vote which should he
given on the present resolutions
He wished he could invoke the aid of some powerful
friend, feeling as he did in this great crisis of our history.
If he knew such an one. he would call upon him to stand
"between the dead and the living aud stav this plague," to
arrest this political "pestilence, which walketh m dark-
ness;'" this wide-spreading "destruction, which wasteth at
noonday"' Was there not a senator within these walls
worthy of such a mission, and with a party and political in-
fluence adequate to fulfil it, and to secure the country from
so threatening and portentous an evil?
But he was told that we never could get two-thirds of the
States represented in this body to consent to the admission
of Texas. Gentlemen said that there was no chance of ever
effecting the measurt by treaty; and, therefore, if he desired
the annexation, it must be done in the form of a resolution
to be passed by a bare majority of the two Houses. Mr. R.
did not believe this was the case; but if it were so, it could
furnish no justification for an open and palpable infraction
of the constitution. If such were the alternative, he, for one,
could never yield to such an appeal-
But was it true'* Had not Louisiana been acquired by the
treaty-making power? Had she not come in by acclama-
tion7 Such was the statement of Mr. Jefferson; and we
had the authority of another distinguished man (Mr.
Adams) for saying, as he did at the time, that such was the
general favor tow ards that measure, "that he believed an
amendment of the constitution to remove the constitution-
al difficulties felt by many, would be unanimously ratified
by the States, and by acclamation. As it was, the treaty
was ratified with the votes of only three States and a half
against it. And had we not acquired Florida by a treaty
which was unanimously ratified? Why, then, despair of
the acquisition of Texas by like means, if it be the great na-
tional measure it was supposed to be'? In many of the views
expressed by the honorable senator from Pennsylvania Mr.
R. concurred. He agreed with him as to the benefits that
would accrue to the navigating and manufacturing States,
and also as to the advantages, in some respects, that would
be gained by the cotton-growing States, and the new and ex-
tended market to be acquired b\- the western agricultural
States.
But in all this array of benefits, what had he promised to
poor old Virginia? In the Indian's phrase, he had not "said
turkey to her once." [A laugh ] He" had predicted that
her slave labor would desert her worn-out soil, and. as a
necessary consequence, with the slaves would go their
masters. Depopulation was the boon held out to Virginia,
ft r. R said he thought that he knew something of the in-
terests of his own State He had seen sometimes a sordid
appeal to her cupidity from the predicted enhancement of
the value of slave properly. For one he despised the ap-
peal As a Virginian and a slaveholder, who continued to
be so far more irom considerations of humanity than of in-
terest, he scorned so sordid an appeal. But, to every man
capable of forming a judgment in the case, he said that the
fact would not be so. Every one knew that the value of
slave labor was regulated by the price of its principal pro-
duction, cotton. The price of that was certainly not likely
to be advanced by adding still further to the over-produe-
tion which had already so seriously affected the market for
it, and an increased and accelerated over-productionseemed
to be the inevitable consequence of opening the lands of
Texas to American industrj and enterprise.
Virginia stood in a position to regard the acquisition of
Texas as a great national object, only calculated to
strengthen the whole confederacy, but not to promote any
special interests of hers, which were more likely to be in-
jured than benefited by it. But it was her vocation to make
sacrifices for this Union; she had yielded up her vast terri-
tory withouta sigh for the good of her bister States; she
was used to the work of sacrifice: she had done it over and
over till it was become a habit of her State policy. Virginia,
in favoring the acquisition of Texas, could be governed by
nonc but broad national considerations, and the same con-
siderations must make her desirous of seeing the object ac-
complished without any wound inflicted upon the harmony
of the Union, and, above all, without any wound indicted
on the vital principles of the constitution He did not hesi-
tate to say, therefore, on his responsibility as a senator of
that ancient Commonwealth, that if Texas can r.ow be ac-
quired only by a sacrifice of the constitution, let her await
a more convenient season
Our republic had already boundaries of vast extent—it
stretched from ocean to ocean: we had an ample area for
hundred millions of human beings. Ouyht not this to re-
concile gentlemen to some little- delay' Were we so pent
in, so crowded forroom. that we must burst through the
barriers of the constitution to get a little breathing space?
He humbly thought we could yet live without Texas, if
need be, though he was desirous of seeing it restored to its
natural connection with the United States, whenever it can
be constitutionally done. But, as a nation worthy of our
glorious ancestors, we could not live or breathe a day ex-
cept under the shelter of our free and glorious constitution,
the palladium of freedom, the hope of the world.
On a great occasion in the history of his country, when
measures were proposed which he believed destructive of
her constitutional freedom, a renowned Irish patiiotar.d
statesman used these memorable words* "if an)'body of
men should tlimk the Irish constitution incompatible with
tht unity of the British empire—a doctrine he abjured as se-
dition against both—he would answer. Perish the empire,
live the constitution!" In the spirit of that noble decUid-
tion he would now say here in his place, as acens*orof
Virginia-, that if the sacred provisions of the constitution of
his country could not be reconciled w ith a fmther enlaise-
ment of its territory—a doctrine he lpjectfd utterly a n-
tradicted by the history of the past, for under that constitu-
tion, and by a faithful compliance with its forms. we had
already added to our limits an empjie greater lnr than the
w hole territorj of the United States at the time ofits adop-
tion—but were it so. and the issue now presented was to
give up the hope of acquiring Texas or to break through all
the barriers of the constitution to accomplish it, he would
say, with the immortal Grattun, if they were his Io«t words
on earth, as they probably are on "this floor Pc-ri?h all
thought of illegitimate acquisition* li\e forever our free
diid glorious consti ution-—the sole pledge of our peacc
of our safety, of our honor, of our blessed aud happj
Union
It had been the fate of that groat prtriot (tc use hi* ow u
touching and graphic words on anothc r occasion) to " wMoh
over the constitution of his country in its cradle—to follow
it to its grave." Kew if any of those whom Mr. R now ad-
dressed had enjoyed the privilege of agisting" at the birth of
our constitution: but if this dangerous •xnd revolutionary
precedent—as in his conscience he believed it—should re-
ceive the sanction ot that body, then it might yet he the
melancholy office of many of us to follow that constitution
to an untimely grave.
