Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
383
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Berrien.
Senate.
SPEECH OF MR. BERRIEN,
OF GEORGIA.
n Senate, February '25—On the resolution lor the annexa
tion of Texas.
At the close of the remarks of Mr. Allen, of Ohio, Mr.
BKRUIEN addressed the Senate, and &aid:
Mr. Prksidknt' 1 am unw ilhng to interfere with the wish
of any gentleman who desires to occupy the floor, and will
cheerfully yield it; but if there be no one w bo is disposed to
engage m the debate at this moment, I w ill proceed, as well
as my stiengih will peiinit, to discharge my own duty on
this momentous occasion If I should be so fortunate as to
gain the ear of the Senate, they must do me the favor to
yield it to gentler tone* than tho^e by which it has been re-
cently greeted, i ha\ e neither the inclination nor the phys-
ical ability to imitate, m 'hi* respect, the honorable senator
who has pit-ceded me No, sir; 1 would speak to you the
words of uuth and sobdiiess, not languidly, or coldlv, or
without emotion, (for who can be unmoved on an occasion
like this?) but in the spirit and w ith the feeling which may
become an Amer-can senator, appealing to the intelligence
and to the patriotism of his associates
I am always reluctant to trespass upon the time of the
"Senate, and the habitual indulgence of this feeling has only
served to increase n 1 appeal to 3 ou to bear witness that 1
have habitual!} indulged it I have not mingled 111 your
daily dafcate*. and still less in the strifes of party, in quest
of popular applause. 1 have contented myself with the
brief and simple discharge of the duties which it has been
your pleasure to assign to me. HI overcome that feeling
now, it is under a deep sense of the obligation which my
position imposes upon me, and the trespass shall be as brief
asmay consist with the discharge of the duty which im-
poses it.
.Mr. President, the argument of the senator from Ohio,
[Air Allex.J to winch we have been just now listening,
may be met and answ eied, and, so far as it concerns me to
consider, dismissed in a word.
The honorable senator forbears to discuss the question of
constitutional power. He assumes that. Sir, it is always
convenient to assume what it is dillicult to prove, and the
senator from Ohio has profited by the observance of the
maxim. It was wise to commit to the oft-refuted arguments
of tho«e who had preceded lum. which he could not nope to
fortify, a proposition which is alike unpioved and incapable
of proof He addresses himself, theiefore, exclusive!} to
the question of expediency; and the expediency of incor-
porating a foreign State 'into this I mon is maintained, on
the ground that this incorporation is necessary to enable us
successfully to compete w ith England for the commerce of
the world. Broken as it was into fiagments, in the progress
of the senator's remarks, this is the head and front, the sum
and substance, capum, pnncipium, et finis, of the argument
which he has addressed to the Senate. Now, sir, without
intending to scan the statistical facts which he has present-
ed to us, or to examine in detail the conclusions to which
they have conducted him, 1 desire simply to say to the hon-
orable senator, and to remind the Senate, that there is no
single fact which he has stated, no prurient fanc> in which
he has indulged, m relation to the commercial rivalry of
Great Britain, which did not exist, or might not with as lit-
tle license have been imagined to exist, when the treaty for
the annexation of Texas was under discussion, as at the
present moment. A lew short months have passed away
since that treaty was rejected by an unprecedented major-
ity of the American Senate, not for want of power, but be-
cause it was inexpedient to ratify it, and the senator from
Ohio concurred in that rejection. All the consi ierations
which he has urged to-day in support of this joint resolu-
tion existed then, and had no doubt been subjected to his in-
telligent scrutiny, yet tlicy failed to convince him of the
expediency of a measure 01 which he is now so zealous an
advocate. I prefer the first "sober thought"' of the honora-
ble senator to that which has grown up after an exciting
canvass, even enforced as the latter is by the thunder of his
eloquence
But, sir. I abandon the question ot expediency to those
* ho feel themselves at libel ty to discuss it. That is not my
privilege. It is not expedient for me to do what, in my
judgment, the constitution forbids. I may not therefore
exercise my imagination m picturing to myself, or in rep-
resenting to the Senate, the brilliant advantages or the
alarming evils which may result from the consummation of
this measure. Say that "these advantages will realize the
loftiest and most sanguine hopes of its advocates, say that
the evils which arc anticipated are but the phantoms of the
imagination; concede that Texas is indeed a terrestrial par-
adise, where we of the "sunny South" might repose in se-
curity.—in the undisturbed enjoyment of our peculiar insti-
tutions— revelling anud tne luxuries wh^oh a genial climate
and a prolific soil combine to produce, still, sir, the boon,
tempting as it would be, is denied to me I may not enter
the portals of this paradise. The constitution forbids it 1
hear the warning voi.^e of Washington admomihmg mo to
beware, lest m the indulgence of sectional feeling I may
contribute to break asunder the bonds of our common Union.
I hear and obey the stern, prohibitory mandate of the guar-
dian Genius of my country, "Stand back! It is not lawful to
enter here."
1 would, however, say a word, and but a word, on this
question of expediencv—not to discuss it, but to explain
jy personal relation to" it. My own views on this subject
have been heretofore expressed in this chamber, 1 hey are
not only unchanged, but have been strengthened by the
sound and practical argument of the senator 110m Louisiana,
l-Mr Barrow.] Yet 1 would cheerfully yield them to the
wishes of my constituent?, if, therefore, among the legion
of projects which have been presenced here and elsewhere,
there had been one which, in my judgment, boie the sem-
blance of conformity to the authority given us by the consti-
tution—I should rather say, which seemed to me to con-
form to that authonty—1 would have taken c^re to ascer-
tain those wKhes, and, having ascertained, would have
obeyed them Georgia, sir, is my home, as it was that of
him from whom 1 derive my being—a1? it is and will be the
home of my children Humanly speaking, it is the bound-
ary of my hopes and of my wishes—and whether for weal
or for wo, I am content to sliare the lot of her people. As a
senator of the State of Georgia, therefore, on a question of
expediency, the wishes of her people are my wishes—when
made known to me, they are the rule of my conduct. But
this not a question of expediency. Jn my best and most de-
liberate judgment, it is a solemn question of fealty to the
constitution; to that recorded expression of the people's will
which we are all hound to obey—which I have sworn to
support. I am here to-day, sir, to keep, not to break, that
plighted faith—to redeem, not to forfeit, the pledge of a
Christian man—to fulfil, not to violate, the duty which I
owe to God and the country which gave me birth.
On such a question, sir, the duties and the responsibili-
ties of each individual man give the rule of his conduct
It is to be found in communion with God and his own con-
science.
I desire to make a preliminary remark on this resolution.
1 am persuaded, sir—tne course of this debate constrains me
to believe—that this most remarkable specimen of legisla-
tion has not presented itself to the minds ot senators in one
point ol view m which it presses itself upon mine. The
questions ot power and of expediency have engrossed and
diverted their attention fiom a consideration of the extraor-
dinary attitude 111 which it exhibits us to the other nations
ot the world, but more especially to the republic of Texas
itself. Waters on public law tell us that nations as well as
men are naturallj equal; that a perfect equality prevails in
their righte and obligations, that power and weakness pro-
duce no difference in this respect; that adwaif is a man as
well as a giant; and that a small republic is no less a sove-
reign, thaii the most sovereign kingdom. (Vattel, Pre. 18.)
Now , sh, lexas is a sovereign State. She has achieved her
independence; by the sword, and we have acknowledged it.
We have treated with her as a sovereign, independent
State, and have now, or have very recently had, a minister
resident at her capital. She is. then, by our own acknowl-
edgement, in the language of our own declaration of inde-
pendence, ''lree to do all acts and things which independent
States may of right do." She has her own Congress, her
own executive, her own judiciary, acting under the sanc-
tion of her own people, in whom hfr jsovereignty resides,
and who have power, at least so far as we are concerned,
to remodel their institutions when and as they please It is
to such a State, one having these powers and attributes, that
this legislative missive of ours is to be sent; by which we,
the Congress of the United States of America—the repre-
sentatives of a people entirely foreign to Texas—without
the semblance of power, authority, or right to intermeddle
in their concerns—we declare our consent—yes, sir, that is
the word—our consent, that the territory which rightfully
belongs not to us, but to them, maj be erected into a new
State. We prescribe the name to be given to it—we desig-
nate the form of government it shall receive—we specify in
detail the mode of its erection—all which acts are to be per-
formed by the people of Texas; and we require that the evi-
dence of this shall be transmitted to the President of the Uni-
ted States, within a time which is limited by us, for our final
action Can the constitution of the United States have given
us a power to do this'7—thus insolently to trample upon the
rights, the dignity, the self-respect ol a sister republic ? Sir,
I do not piofess to know the character of the people of
Texas I have been taught to believe them brave, men at-
taching a high value to the independence which they have
achieved, personally sensitive to their rights as freemen,
alive tr  whatever concerns their honor and dignity as a na-
tion And is it to such a people, and m the face of the civil-
ized world, that we are to send this insolent missive, to de
claro our gracious consent that they may manage their own
affairs in their own way' No, sir; no, sir; that would be
too great an indulgence—not m their own way, but in the
precise mode and with the specified conditions which we
prescribe.
Can we place ourselves in any attitude more extraordina-
ryfthan this before the nations of the world? Can a more di-
rect and wanton insult be offered to the government and peo-
ple of Texas7 Sir, if this proposal had come from one op-
posed to the incorporation ol Texas into this Union, it
might have been considered an ingenius mode of defeating
the measure, by offering to her a proposition which she
could not accept without dishonor. Test the character of
this, measure by applying it to yourselves. Would you
consent to receive such a message from any the most pow-
erful nation under heaven.' If all Europe were combined
in one vast monarchy, with the giant intellect and martial
powers of a Napoleon at its head, would you brook such
arrogance'7 The gracious consent of a foreign nation that
you should remodel your own domestic institutions, in a
mode prescribed by them, and to be submitted to their final
act.on7 Such a proposal, addressed to you, would be folly,
madness Would it not also be indolence* Would you
bear it? I remind senators that nations are equal, the small-
est with the greatest—ihat a dwarf, his diminutive stature
notwithstanding, may have the feelings, as he has the
rights, of a giant.
Shall I be told that these preliminaries are necessary to
call into exercise the power which jou claim for Congress
—the power to admit new States' Be it so, and what more
decisive evidence do you requiie that a power which leads
to such absurdities could never have been conferred bv the
constitution7 It is with the precise purpose of propound-
ing this inquiry that I have presented the resolution m this
aspect. 1 deduce from it a stringent argument against the
existence of such a power, because of the absurdities to
which it leads. Sir, tins will be no answer to the people of
Texas. They will point to the treaty-making power, and
tell you they are ready to negotiate with you as enualg,
but not to be dictated to as slaves It will bt no enviable
oliice which will be intrusted to the beaiei of this mes-
sage to thatpeople if they axe hue to themselves If the
spirit which animated the soldiers of San Jacinto has still a
resting 1 lacuin thc-ir bosoms, his stay among them will be
short—they will repel his proposal as insolent and insult-
ing If that spiiit has departed, if they can tamely submit
to an indignity like this, are they fit to be the associates of a
free people7 I do not anticipate such submission from the
people of Texas. Friends may indeed take liberties with
each other, but this seems to me too gross for tolerance.
Sir, the. senator from Missouri has seen and has avoided
this error in the bill which he has proposed.
I turn to the consideration of the question of constitu-
tional power. The resolution before us is familiar to sena-
tors. I need not recite it. It proposes substantially that
.Texas should, by our consent, do certain things as prelim-
inary to her admission by legislative act as one of the
States of the Union.
In considering it, my first inquiry is, does the constitution
give power to any department of the government, other
than Congress, to extend the limits of this Union'7 If that
question be affirmatively answered, it will go far to settle
this controversy, because we may be very sure that a grant
of power like this, once made to one department of the gov-
ernment, would not be renewed to another department.
Now, at the very moment of instituting this inquiry, you
are met by a plain and significant clause of the constitution,
giving power to the President and Senate "to make treaties,"
and by the unqualified admission of our opponents, that this
power extends to the acquisition of foreign territory. They
do not deny that the power to do the very same thing which
they propose to accomplish by this resolution, is vested by
the constitution in another department of the government.
They are estopped from denying it, for they asserted it tctis
viribus in advocating the treaty with Texas. That measure
was based on this identical right of the President and Senate.
It may, however.be sustainedproprio vigoie, and independ-
ently of the admission of the advocates of this resolution.
I am not going to detain you by an argument on this sub-
ject. I did that when the treaty was under discussion. I
stated then, and now repeat, that this power is expressly
granted—that it is a necessary incident to sovereignty,
unless expressly restrained by the constitution—that a sov-
ereign State invested with the power to declare offensive
and charged with the duty ©f maintaining defensive war,
and with the consequent power to terminate hostilities by
treaty, must have the right, if its interests, and especially if
its safety required it, to stipulate for the retention of the
fruits of its victories, of territories which its arms had con-
quered. I presented to you then the decision of the Supreme
Court in affirmance of this power, which has been again
referred to in this discussion, and I say now that the power
being thus clearly shown to exist, the occasions for its exer-
cise must be determined under the checks and responsibili-
ties which the constitution provides and imposes I add,
that this exercise of the treaty-making power is sustained
by the uninterrupted usage of the government, and has been
affirmed by each and every department, legislative, execu-
tive. and judicial. I call the attention of the Senate to these
facts now for the purpose of presenting this proposition and
propounding these inquiries. The right to acquire foreign
territory has been shown, and is admitted to belong to the
treaty-making power. In the exorcise of that power two-
thirds of the representatives of the States of this Union
must concur. Is it then probable that the convention
would have conferred upon a bare majority of Congress
this same power which they had previously granted7 Is it
not yet more improbable that the still higher power of ac-
quiring States, not territories, and not merely acquiring them
to be governed as territories, but of incorporating them <z
instanh into the Union, would have been conferred on such
majority in Congress, m one branch of which the represen
tatives of less than one-fourth of the States would control
the remaining three-fourths'7
Philosophers tell us that nature delights in few causes.
When, in considering any of her operations, you can dis-
tinctly trace it to an adequate cause, the mind reposes in
the certainty which it has attained, and does not go in
search of others, to which it might have been conjecturally
ascribed. The analogy holds in examining a constitution
of government. When a given power is found to have been
vested in one class of functionaries, you do not torture tho
instrument to discover whether another set of public agents
may not put forth a claim to participate in its exercise Now
you find the right to acquire foreign territory vested in the
President and two-thirds of the StStos. You find this invest-
ment of power affirmed by every department of our govern-
ment—by the concurring testimony of our statesmen—nay,
by the actual admission of our opponents in the present dis-
cussion. Is not the presumption a fair one that it is exclu-
sively vested there? If the treaty-making power be ade-
quate to this object, why look for it elsewhere? Gentlemen
have been pressed by this argument. I do not now advert
to the generalities ol the senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
McDuffie.J These may be safely left to an enlightened
public judgment. Other gentlemen, however, have sought
to avoid it by a distinction between domain and empire, be-
tween a territory and a State The distinguished senators
from Pennsylvania and New Hampahire, [Mr Buchanan
and Mr. Woonuup.y,} par nobile frah-um, in the ypal and
ability which they have exhibited in this discussion, have
both contended for this distinction Let us see if it he tena-
ble.
The proposition is, that while the President and two-
thirds of the Senate can acquire foreign territory, Congress
alone can acquire a foreign State, and admit it into the
Union, and can do this by a bare majority Now, sir, I pray
you to remark that in each ofthe.se cases both territory and
inhabitants are necessarily obtained. If you acquire the
territory, you get the men who occupy it. If you acquire
the men, the St ite, you get the territory which they occu-
py. Look at this proposition. Here is a question between
the treaty-making power, which requires the* assent of two-
thirds of the States, and the ordinary legislative power, ex-
ercised by a bare majority of Congress. The proposition of
our opponents is, that two-thirds of the States, in the exer-
tion of this higher power, may acquire foieign territory—
foreign acres—but that the infinitely more important acqui-
sition to this Union of a foreign State, including the land,
its inhabitants, and its sovereignty, con only be made by
the smaller power, that which is intrusted to a majority of
Congress The assent of two-thirds of the States is neces-
sary to acquire the land, but less than one fourth of them in
the House of Representatives, and abare majority of\oices
in the Senate may acquire the land, its inhabitants, and its
sovereignty. I)o j ou say that in this latter mode 3 ou have
not the fee in the land? No, sir. you have not; but neither
have you the fee 111 the land which I individually possess.
You have, however, dominionover it. You can tax it, and if
Texas were admitted as a State to-morrow, you would have
exactly the same dominion over the lands 01'Texas as you
have over mine, and those of every citizen of the LTnited
States Now, consider the difference of these two modes of
acquisition. If you take foreign territory under the treatj.
