3 £4
APPENDIX 1*0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'"Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Berrien.
Senate.
making power, with the consent of two-thirds of the
States, it remains as territory subject to your dominion,
until Congress in its. discretion, after the requisite proba-
tion, shall elevate it to the condition of a State. In this
case, the combined action of the treaty-making power and
of Congress is necessary to incorporate a foreign people into
our Union; and this, only after a period of territorial pro-
bation. See in this mode how many safeguards are provi-
ded. Butlook at the other. If you take it under a resolu-
tion of a bare majority of Congress, it is immediately incor-
porated into our Union; with this only difference, that the
fee of the land is in the newly admitted State, instead of the
United States. Then it was these vile foreign acres that our
fathers were afraid of when they required the assent of two-
thirds of the States to bring them within our limits; but for-
eign men were so perfectly harmless that they might at once
be incorporated into our Union, made politically bone of
our bone and flesh of our flesh by a bare majority ot Con-
gress! If we wanted, and Great Britain was willing to cede
to us, an island in any of the waters which flow between
our shores, the President and two-thirds of the representa-
tives of the States must consent to the acquisition; but if all
Canada,including these very islands, should assert and estab-
lish their independence, or Great Britain should yield it, the
President, and a mere majority of Congress, might at once
make them part and parcel of our confederacy, on an equal
footing with the other States of the Union! Sir, the respect
which I feel for these distinguished senators shall be extend-'
ed to their argument. I will not subject it to further com-
ment, but leave it, with this brief exposition, to the enlight-
ened judgment of the Senate.
Mr. President, there are those who hesitate to allow to the
treaty-making power the exclusive right to acquire foreign
territory, because they say it may also be acquired by dis-
covery, without the intervention of that power, and by con-
quest. A little reflection will, I think, remove this difficul-
ty. The treaty-making power applies to territory which
has been appropriated, and is possessed, by a foreign nation,
not to territory which is uninhabited, or without an owner
competent to assert a claim to it. The distinction is as
plain as the reason for it is obvious. The one is the sub-
ject of contract—the other is the object of discovery, or
subject to the laws of war. The rights of the national oc-
cupant must be acquired in the one case. In the others,
there is no occupant to contest the right which discover}'
and subsequent occupation, or the rights of war, impart. In
the first case, you contract with those who are m posses-
sion for the transfer of their rights, and that can only be
done by treaty. In the other cases, those of discovery, fol-
lowed, by occupancy, or of conquest, prosecuted to entire
subjection, it is the law of nations which vests the title and
subjects the territory to your dominion The one is acquir-
ed by contract—the other is incident to your state and con-
dition as a nation. Take an example You acquired Louis-
iana by treaty. It was the property of France, and her
rights were to be obtained. Mr. Jefferson, who doubted the
existence of any power to acquire it, but felt the stringent
necessity of assuming it, seems never to have dreamed that
it could be done by an act of Congress. There was a con-
tract to be entered into with France. That contract would
be a treaty. The power to make treaties was given by the
constitution to the President and Senate, and therefore he
negotiated it, and submitted it to the Senate; doubting indeed
his power to acquire it in that mode, but never dreaming
that he could obtain it in any other.
Take now the case of Oregon. A portion of the western
part of this continent was vacant and unappropriated by
civilized man. We acquired a title to it by discovery and
occupancy, and, tpao facto, it "became subject to our domin-
ion. There was no treaty, because there was none to treat
with. We have resorted to treaty with Spain, however, to
fortify our title, and with Great Britain to adjust our bound-
ary; and, in the latter case, have embarrassed our claim by
stipulations applicable to the whole territory.
So in the case of territory acquired by conquest, without
treaty. That can only be done where the occupying nation
is reduced to absolute subjection—degraded from the rank
of States In that case, as m the case of discovery, there is
no person to treat with, and the conqueror, like the discov-
erer, retains his possession because there is none to contest
it. The position is still untouched, that the territory of an
independent State can only be acquired by contract with
that State, and that the power to make such contract is, by
our constitution, vested in the President and two-thirds of
the Senate.
Thus, then, the fact that territory may be acquired by
discovery, or by conquest, and without the intervention of
the trealy-makmg power, does not affect the exchisiveness
of that power, as applied to territory, which, like that of
Texas, has been appropriated, and must be bargained for
before it is obtained, for that can only be done by treat}.
I come now to consider that which the senator from Penn-
sylvania says is the great question in this case. In oil the
Protean variety in which this subject has been exhibited in
the several projects which have been presented, the very
multitude of which affords presumptive evidence of the in-
aptitude of any one of them, the self-same question is still
forced upon us: Can Congress incorporate a foreign State
into this Union' Can thc"«;>ember<i oi thai budy, represent-
ing the people of twenty-iix confederated sovereignties, by
a bare majority of a quorum in each branch, compel the
States they represent to take a foreign State to their bosoms
.—can they impart to that State thp pm ileges of their con-
stituents—wed them to its foi tunes—load them with its re*
sponsibilities} .
The powers granted to Congress are legislative powers.
Its words are; "All legislative poweis heroin granted. &.c.
Sir, this is not a question oi log.slittion it is to* a question
what shall be lav; in the coautiy, but whai the country
shall be which is subject to our laws—not v. hat shall be the
legislation of the United States, but what the I'nited States
themselves shall he. It concerns our political being, the
mode of our existence as a nation—not simply the mlesby
which we shall be governed, or the laws which we shall
obey, hut our existence itself. Emphatically, the question
is, <4to be or not to be;" to be as, by the blessing of God on
the valor and patriotism of our ancestors, we are—a free,
an indigenous, and a peculiar people—bapti7ed in their
blood, by the cherished name which they bestowed upon
-py pt mongrel race, mixed up with nations of every
clime, aliens alike to our feelings and to our institutions.
Does the constitution give to a majority of Congress, with-
out stint or limit, the power to do this—the power to change
our nature—to alterthe mode of our existence—to destroy
our national individuality? That is the question to be ex-
amined.
The advocates of this legislative power say that it is
.broadly inscribed on the page of the constitution—plainly
registered there m terms which cannot be misunderstood;
that it is a power which is not bounded by our own terri-
tory, but one which is equally applicable to the territory
of the Union and of the universe. Sir, if the position for
which honorable senators contend be true, it is indeed un-
limited and illimitable. A majority of Congress may in-
corporate into this Union Canada and Texas, Nova Scotia
and Mexico, New Brunswick and Central America. They
may sweep this western continent, and, passing the bounds
of ocean, may traverse the globe in its exercise. The sen-
ator from Pennsylvania tells me the power will never be
thus abused. That, sir, is not with me the question. I do
ntft inquire whether Congress will or will not thus use or
thus abuse it. I deny that they possess it. I deny it with
the earnestness which a freeborn man may feel wnen con-
tending for his political existence. Truly, sir, this is a con-
test for political existence. The question whether Texas
shall become apart of this Union, considered simply in it-
self, or even with all the evils which political jealousy as-
cribes to it, or those still more alarming results which a
damning fanaticism has conjured up to startle us from our
propriety, sinks into insignificance in comparison with the
means which are to be used for its accomplishment—the
power which, in my judgment, is to be usurped to effect it.
Sir, I cannot compare the value of Texas with that of the
constitution of my country. They are not relative quanti-
ties. Its genial climate—its prolific soil—the advantages of
its position—the security it may (will if7) impart to the do-
mestic institutions of the South—multiply each of these
elements into the other, and how will the aggregate product
compare with our own glorious Union1 How will they
compensate for a violated constitution1 Or say that the
constitution gives this tremendous power—that we enjoy
our political existence, our national individuality, perfect
union among ourselves, and separation from the rest of the
world at the will of a majority 'of Congress—that we hold
the right, the inestimable' privilege, of preserving this
Union as it is by such a tenure, then truly, sir, we are
aliens in the home of our fathers. This is not the domestic
altar at which they worshipped. We have no longer a
country which is worth the struggle by which its freedom
was achieved. Emphatically, sir,
"A home and a country remain not to us."
I will not pursue these reflections. I will repress the
feeling which they excite. The constitution is still invio-
late. It may yet be preserved. "We are on the brink of a
precipice, but the gulf which yawns beneath us is open to
our view. Let us survey it steadily, and without dismay—
with the intelligence, and with the calmness, too, which
become us, remembering the conservative character of the
Senate of the United States.
"What is it which we are required to do? We are here
the representatives already of twenty-six confederated
sovereignties, joined together in that "more perfect union"'
which it was the primary object of the constitution to
establish and to perpetuate. Our numbers have been, and
may yet be, enlarged, in the mode which the constitution
prescribes, until the waters of the Pacific as well as of the
Atlantic, shall wash our shores. That process is too slow
to satisfy our lust of dominion The forms of the constitu-
tion impede our progress to empire, and we must overleap
its bounds. Roving in scattered numbers amid extended
forests yet unsubdued by our industry, we still pant for
more; and will, if this measure be consummated in the
form which is proposed, have prostrated the palladium of
our liberty in our eagerness for the acquisition of terri-
tory
Mr. President. I am imperatively called to resist what
seems to me to be a manifest usurpation of power. I do not
mean to detain you by an elaborate argument on this sub-
ject. At this stage of the debate I have only to glean where
others have reaped. Gentlemen tell us that the resolution
proposes nothing which the constitution does not expressly
authorise: that ft provides for ^ie admission of a new State,
and that the power to do so is given by the constitution,
totidem verbis. They go by the book: Here are the words:
"New States mdj be admitted by Congress into this
Union " The senator from Pennsylvania triumphantly tells
us here is the power expressly given, given by the very
letter of the constitution, and given without stint. If we
would limit it. we are required to show the limitation, and
our authority for imposing it. Sir, senators who have pre-
ceded me have met this requisition. I do not propose to
retrace their steps. They have subjected the clause of the
constitution to a critical analysis. They have exposed its
history in the convention, shown you how and under what
circumstances it was modified and how and with what mo-
tive it was adopted. They have confiuned their interpreta-
tion by the concurring testimony of American statesmen,
and by the uninterrupted usage of our government. Yes,
sir, the position so confidently announced in the opening
argument of the senator has b<en alreacy icfuted. The
power has been nailed to the counter as spurious com, not
issuing from the constitutional mint
Still w e hear of the letter of the constitution ' the letter
of the constitution ! as if senators, unable to sustain the
droposition by the plain obvious constitutional import of
of the terms, or by reference to the context, or to the sub-
ject-matter, or to the effects and consequence, or to the rea-
son and spirit of the rule, or by any of the enlarged views
of statesmen, could find no other shelter for it but m the
very letter of the very instrument it would violate; couch-
ed there like a worm m the bark, slowly but surely de-
stroying the stately tree of the forest which gives it shelter.
Thus protected, as he supposes, by the letter of the con-
stitution, the voice of the senator from Pennsylvania is
heard promulging another rule: "It is not allowed to inter-
pret what has 110 need of interpretation Sir, that rule is
quaintly yet strongly expressed; and, as the author applies
it, is undeniable^ but its application to this controversy
does as much injustice to Vattel as what is called the literal
interpretation of this clause does to the framers of the con-
stitution. Did it escape the senator that the rule was ap-
plied by Vattel to the interpretation of treaties, and not of
constitutions of government, and that it rests upon a princi-
ple which renders it totally inapplicable to the latter? The
reason of the rule, as it is stated by Vattel, is this: "If he
who could and ought to have expressed himself clearly and
fully, has not done it, it is worse for him. He cannot be al-
lowed to introduce subsequent restrictions which he has
not expressed.*' Now, in relation to a treaty, which is an
instrument executed between parties, whose interests are
distinct from and antagonist to each other, this rule is obvi-
ously just; but it has—the senator from Pennsylvania being
himself the judge—not the slightest application to a con-
stitution of government, which is an expression of the pub-
lic will, made by the agents of the people. In its legitimate
operation it is a penalty imposed upon a party for neglect-
ing to do what he ought to have done. If applied as it is
attempted to apply it here,the penalty would be imposed up-
on the people for the negligence of their agents. Is this
democracy^ Do our opponents thus manifest their love for
the people?
I yield, however, to the senator from Pennsylvania, argw
menti e,ralia, the benefit of the rule. I deny that the power
is to be found m the letter, while I maintain it is repelled
by the spirit of the constitution. Addressing myself to the
legal mind of the Senate, I remind gentlemen of the legal
maxim, qui heeret in hiera, haref in curtict; and of another,
scire leoes, non hoc fit verba earitm tenere, sediim ac poles-
tatem; and of the rule, as it is well laid down by an eminent
jurist of our cwn: "The reason and intention of the law-
giver will control the strict letter of the law, when the lat-
ter would lead to palpable injustice, contradiction, and-ab-
surdity." Instances strongly illustrative of the propriety
of this rule were given by the senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Rives] With these our earlier reading has rendered most
of us familiar. I have met with one, however, which is not
in the books, but which rests in tradition, and to which sen-
ators may not therefore have had access. It was the decision
of a learned antiquary, whose voice was formerly heard in
the halls of Congress on the question whether the mari-
ner's compass was known to the ancients. In giving his
opinion, he described a number of instruments which were
in use in ancient times, between which and the m ariner's
compass it required antiquarian optics to discern the slight-
est resemblance, and concluded by a reference which might
be considered as authoritatively settling the question to the
very letter. It was found in the narrative of the voyage of St.
Paul and his companions, in which the writer speaks of their
tarrying three days in Syracuse, and then adds, "and from
thence we fetched a compass and came to Rhegium.'' This
was conclusive. The decision in that case was founded on
the letter of the text. The compass must have been in Sy-
racuse or it could not have been fetched from thence. But
it had something more than the mere letter to sustain it. It
was a nautical instrument, and the parties were journeying
on the sea!
But more gravely, sir. I deny that the power is given by
the letter of the constitution. I take the definition of the
word State, which is given by Vattel, and quoted by the
senator from Pennsylvania, and I deny that it necessarily
conveys the meaning which is imputed to it. A State is a
body politic—an association of men united for their com-
mon benefit, and States is but a multiple of this. It is a gen-
eric term, of uhich there are many species. There are
imperial and royal, despotic and simply monarchical, aris-
tocratic, republican, democratic. They are dependent and
independent, foreign and domestic. Does the word "States"
in the constitution include all these7 No one will affirm
that; but, if not all, which does it include i Stickingto the
letter, which is equally applicable to all, how can it be ap-
plied to one rather than the other? It imports, as we have
seen, bodies of men politically associated; but unless some
qualifying term be added, it means nothing more. The ad-
vocates of this resolution say Slates mean foreign States,
and therefore they add to the letter of the constitution the
qualifying terra foreign. They interpolate, not we. Why-
may we not say it means domestic, and add that qualifying
term? Why should either of these be added m preference
to anj' other of the qualifying terms, as republican, depend-
ent, independent? The point of the argument is, that the
letter of the constitution is indeterminate—that it can only
he rendered certain by having some qualification prefixed
to it—that the word States, m itself, does not convey the
idea of any particular kind of States, foreign or domestic,
nor necessarily embrace all kinds. That it does not, per se,
manifest the intention of the convention; and therefore that
this intention, which is not expressed in the letter of the
clause, must be sought elsewhere. We read in the deca-
logue. "Thou ?halt not kill," and the penalty of disobedi-
ence was death; for it is added, "The land cannot be
cleaned of the biod that is shed therein but by the blood of
him that shed it." Now, the word kill, like the oi d States,
is a generic term. It may, with proper qualifying terms
prefixed to it, be applied to every species of homicide, justi-
fiable, excusable, and felonious. As used in the decalogue,
was it intended to embrace all these? The act of Phmeha?,
in killing the Midiamtish woman and her paramour, receiv-
ed the direct approbation of God himself Homicide is com-
manded, and therefore justified, is excusable, and therefore
lightly visited: is deliberate, malicious, and therefore pun-
ished with death. Did the decalogue confound these dis-
tinctions * In the spirit of that bloody code which punished
equally idleness and murder, because the first deserved
death, and for the second no greater punishment could be
devised, did the decaloguc denounce the punishment of
death against every man who killed another7 We know it
did not: but the intent <--n of the Divine Law giver is sought
elsewhere than in the letter or that constitution.
Mr. President, 1 th. ik, then, I am authorized to say that
the letter of this clause, in so far as it depends upon the
word States, is itself uncertain, and does not forbid the ap-
plication of the rulei of legitimate interpretation: that it
does not fall within the rule which, mguwenti srftia, 1 have
yielded to the senator from Pennsylvania; on the contrary,
that it is a word of indeterminate import, that it needs inter-
pretation, and therefore may be interpreted. The power to
admit foreign States by legislative resolution is not, then,
given by the letter of the constitution. It may have been
intended, but it is not so expressed. Whether it was in-
tended or cot isthe precise object of inquiry. That is tfcs
