Feb, 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Comg 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr, Berrien.
Senate.
field to be pxploied, and it is alike open to us who deny as
to those w ho assert it. The\ stand upon no v antage ground
fiOia having the letter ol the constitution with them.
Id considering the clans* with this view. w e have a right
to examine the immediate context and every portion of the
instrument, th'1 circumstances in which it had its origin:
oar antecedent, comenipeidiieous. and subsequent lustoiyj
the usage of our gov cm meat and the opinions of American
statesmen. I had prepared mj sell to do this, and at an ear-
lierstage of thu debate would have submitted the result to
she Senate. It has, however, been done, and better done,
by those who have pieceded me. They have proved, in
my judgment unanswerably, that all these considerations
concur to limit this pow er of admission to domestic States.
1 will not repeat that argument. 1 should do injustice to
say own firm conviction of its intrinsic. irresistible force, if
J were to attempt to ioitifj it against the assaults which
have been made upon it. Sir, the proposition for which
they have contended stands unmoved, immovable, resting
oh its ov\n firm foundation like some giant rock, against
which the waves ol ocean break in their fury, only to
be thrown back in their impotence. I will not,therefore,
"walk m the footsteps ofmj illustrious predecessors." As
{have said beloie, the harvest was theirs. They have
reaped it nobly, and 1 thank them for it. There are yet, I
think, some glesinuugs. \\ hich may he gathered for our in-
struction.
Sir, I inquire first, for whose benefit did the people of the
United States jojn togetherin this-hond of union? The con-
stitution of the Unite! States was tormed lor the free and
independent people of the United States, and for them alone,
ji is so declared in the preamble Southern men will do
well to stand by this principle. Its legislation was design-
e&to operate within the limit* defined by the treaty of
peace, and such as should thereafter be legitimately ac-
quired as territory Such, without the power of acquiring
even territory by'tieaty, was the distinctive opinion of Mr.
Jefferson, usque ad mot tern. He died in that faith. Such,
also, without this limitation, have hitherto been the concui-
mg opinions ol all other American statesmen. The resolu-
tion we are considering, for the fir&t time in the history of
©ur legislation, oveileaps those bounds. It not only over-
leaps them, but it has no operation at all until It gets be-
yond our own limits. As it passes from your hands, and
while-it remains within the United States, it is caput inoi-
ilium. Liie, vitality, can onlv be hnpaited to it by the gov-
ernment and people of Texas, acting within the limits of
Texas If that people, with a just sense of this aggression
upon their rights and upon their national dignity as a sov-
ereign and independent State, your equal in their claim up-
on the courtesy of nations, shall repel it with scorn, the
poor bantling is destined never to see the light of day, al-
though ;t will have been very much exposed to it. If, fiom
whatever cause, they tamely submit to your mandate and
do v our bidding, they are the accoucheurs who will usher
junto being As it pas&es from your hands it will be still-
borri andlileless It is the child of many fathers, but they
alone can impart vitality to it. It must be born again, and
ma foreign lend
We are next to look to the context. The clause which
authorizes C ongress to admit new States into the Union is
immediately followed by two distinct provisions which
hmit the exercise of the pow er. and which, by their very
lerms. are confined to the Umted States. This is not de-
nied. Now, I address myself to the senators fiom Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Bichava.v] and fiom New Hampshire [Mr.
tVoodbi-r* ] They have aigued this question on legal
grounds. It is as law} ers \ appeal to them to say if, m con-
struing an instrument granting an authority, the power and
the limitation of that pow ei are not h^;d to have relation to
*fae same subject1 Do tliev contest this ptoposition? I ap-
prehend not. Well, here' is the grant of power to admit
new States, and that is follow ed b\ a limitation which pre-
scribes the mode m which that power shall be exetcised, and
prescribes it with the most scrupulous care. But the limita-
tion. as all admit, is w holly confined to States aiising with-
in the limits of the United States. Is it not natural to con-
clude that it was intended to confine the grant in like man-
ner7 Does the grant of the power relate to one subject
and the limitation to another, the power to foreign, the
limitation to domestic States' Apart from this natural ne-
cessary relation between a power and the limitation of the
same power, is not the inference irresistible that the same
subject was in the minds of the fiansers of the constitution,
m granting the power, as m prescribing its limitation7
Look to the constitution for the proof how unlormly this
is so:
"The number of representatives shall not exceed one for
every thnty thousand, but each State shall have at least
one representative.'* The repiesentation in the popular
branch it, the"* object of the limitation as well as of the
grant
"All bills lor raising revenue shall originate in the House
oflleprehtntatives, but the Senate may propose or concur
with ci-nciiuy-jnts, as m other bills/'' Here, again, the sub-
jects of the grant and ite limitation are identical. Bills ior
raising it\u;ue are the objectof both.
^ ' Congrt-s shall have the power to lay and collect taxes,
jii posts, and excises, but all duties, imposts, and ex-
cises sli'.ul ye uniform throughout the United States This
case is sinking!} analogous The grant is a power unlim-
ited as to place, "to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts,
8ad excises " The limitation xequires that duties, imposts,
and excues shall be uniform throughout the United States.
No one doubts that the grant as well at> the limitation is
confined to the I mted States.
"Congress shr.ll have power to declare the punishment of
Reason, but no attainder of treason shall work corruption
of blood.'1
Here, again, the grant and the limitation are applied to the
same subject—'the punishment of treason.
This true of every other clause m the constitution in
^•hich a geneial giant has been subjected to a subsequent
imitation, why should it not be so in the clause we are
considering?
"New States maybe admitted," &c—that is the grant;
^but no new State shall be formed," &c—and that is the
•imitation. Now, in the limitation, everybody admits that
term' new States" means States within the limits of the
United States. Why. following the uniform analogy of the '!
constitution, should not the same word have the same in-
terpretation in the grant!
There is another—perhaps, sir, you will\considerI[it a
stronger reason in support of this argument.
The power to admit loreign States into the Union, all will
agree, is a much latger power than that ol admitting those
which were composed of people already within our territo-
rial limits. The latter was limited; the former is unlimited.
It was vastly more interesting to the existing members of
the Union, more difficult in its exercise, more, far more im-
portant m its consequences. They might be willing, al-
though even that consent was reluctantly wrung from
some of them, still they might be willing to admit the in-
habitants of territories whose limits were within those of
the United States into union with them, and yet be very un-
willing to extend this privilege to those of a foreign land.
Unquestionably such an extension would be a greater con-
cession; it would confer upon Congress a larger power; it
would repose a more delicate trust. The caution which
had induced them carefully to limit this power when appli-
ed to the admission of States newly created within our ex-
isting boundaries, would operate with accumulated force
when provision was to be given in the constitution for trans-
cending those boundaries by the admission of foreign States.
If senators who assert this power are right, it is absolute,
unlimited, divested of all guards, unincumbered by any re-
straints. It is a power to a majority of a quorum in each
House of Congress, with the President, to exercise an uncon-
trolled discretion. It is a "chartered libertine," furnished
with a roving commission to range the world in quest of
dominion. Now, we have seen with what scrupulous care,
after repeated discussion, the framers of the constitution
guarded the smaller power—that of admitting new States
newly springing up within our limits. Is it conceivable
that they would have granted the larger, more difficult,
rnore dangerous power—that of admitting foreign States—
without imposing some check, some guard, some restraint,
manifesting the caution which had characterized all their
deliberations, nay, which was actually, and at the very mo-
ment, exerted on the less important provision on the same
subject* In a word, can you believe that fit was intended
to confer the greater power, that of admitting foreign States,
absolutely, unhmitedly, wholly without check or restraint,
(and it is this for which the advocates of this resolution
contend,) while, in the very same clause, the smaller power,
that of admitting States arising within our limits, was scru-
puouj ly guarded by the precise limitations which were im-
posed upon it? Credat Judeas Jlppella. In the quaint but
expressive language of our nautical brethren, you must
"tellthat to the marines—the sailors won't believe it."
Can you, sir, can any senator imagine a motive for dis-
crimination between these two powers which would not
have led to directly opposite results?—which would not
have imposed the stronger guards upon the greater, more
important, and more dangerous power? I address these in-
quiries respectfully but earnestly to the calm and deliberate
judgment ot senators, in a spiiit equally elevated above
party or sectional considerations, and elevated, too, above
the imputation of them, and ask that their answer maybe
given in the same spirit. .
Take anotherview. Hitherto I have been arguing as it
the word "States," for want of some qualifying term pre-
fixed to it, was indeterminate and open to interpi-ctation;
and, even admitting this, have endeavored to show that,
as used m the constitution, it was applied to States arising
within our own limits. But this is } lelding a vantage
ground. Sir, the term States, as it is found in the constitu-
tion, is not unqualified. It has a qualification which ought
to be decisive of this controversy
The words are, "new States may be admitted," &c. What
aie new States' I do not mean to refer to lexicographers,
and am not quite satisfied with the mode of interpretation
resorted to by the senator from New iork, [Mr Dk-kin-
6ov,] which proves that among the farmers of that State, an
old worn-out farm becomes anew one whenever it gets and
as often as it gets a new owner. Without doubt, the sug-
gestion has great force, but it does not strike me No, sir,
my inquiry is, what was the meaning ot this teim new, as
it was used in the constitution, and in this connection on,
I had carefully traced the piogiess of this clause m the
proceedings ot the convention, with a view to answ er this
inquiry by their exhibition to the Senate. The lucid ex-
position of them by the senators who have preceded me
has relieved me fiom this task. With that exposition iresh
in our memories, is it not obvious that they meant bodies ot
people passing or just passed irom the condition ol
Territories to that of States—from their chrysalis or aure-
lian state and condition as Territories, to that of their more
perfect being as States' Where did the framers of the con-
stitution expect to find these new States, within or without
our limits? Within, the seed was already sown, irom
which we have since reaped an abundant havest. W here,
without, could they have looked for them? We did not
mean to interfere with our generous ally in the war ot the
revolution. Canada had rejected the ofler of association in
the hour of our necessity. They would not have made
this provision for her The other British provinces were
steadfast m| their loyalty. The American dominions of
bpdinand Poitugal reposed tiaxiquilly under the easy do-
minion of their trnnsatlantic rulers. Where else could
they look' The senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Hl>pkusu k,]
who pushes this doctrine to an extreme from which his le*s
adventurous associates stand back, even he admits that this
power is bounded by the ocean wave, that it would become
too much diluted ior use in its transit over the "deep blue
sea." Wheie, then, did they look for new States' Can
any one doubt that our ancestors looked at home,1 and only
at home? .... , ,
Is Texas anew State? If she is so now, will she be so
fifty "\ eais hence? And will you have fessf right then to
admit her than you have now? When do States become
old? When cease to be new? I repeat the questxon, is
Texas a new State? She has existed for years, ana is ap-
proachins her teens; but by this legislative legerdemain
you are going to make her a new State. She is to dolt her
old clothes, put on new ones, and, presto, she becomes new
herself—the personified conccption^of the ^framers ol the
CO?tffrri?fd3oi. our fathers weie wisii,p3tHQtic)'but praoti*
cal men—less conversant with tancy than with fact. They
had dealt too inueh with stein realities to indulge these va-
garies ol the imagination.
Does not every one see what was in their minds in
training this clause? and is not the term "new States" the
index of their intention? These were States formed or to
be lormed within the limits of the United States, or legiti-
mately acquired and subjected to territorial probation.
Vermont, impeded by the contending claims of New York
and New Hampshire, was one. The Northwestern Terri-
tory would give birth to more. Kentucky was to spring up
from the "ancient and renowned Commonwealth," and
Tennessee from the "good old North State." Georgia's
wide domain, which, notwithstanding the estimate of the
senator from Missouri, she bartered for a mesa of pottage,
afforded materiel tor others. These would be new States.;
new in the literal sense of the term; new in the sense in
which it was used by the framers of the constitution. They
would be political bodies passing from their old condition
as dependent territories, to their new condition as inde-
pendent States.
Do you want further evidence7 It maybe found in the
proceedings of the convention. When this clause was firs>t
introduced, it did not contain the word new. The expression
then was simply "States arising within the limits of the
Umted States." The words "arising within the limits of the
United States'" dispensed with its use, because such States
must be new States. But to these was attached the word
"lawfully," and the words "lawfully arising" gave rise to'
the controversy the progress of which has been so lucidly
stated to you by the senator from Virginia, [Mr. Rives.]
This was adjusted by providing foi the consent of the States
in which or of which they were to be formed. ^ In the prog-
ress of this controversy the word "new" was inserted, and
the words "arising within the limits of the United States"
were dropped. The word "new" became their substitute
and equivalent, because, as T have before said, States aiising
within the limits of the United States must necessarily be
new States, and undoubtedly it was so considered in the
convention.
Reflect, also, that while some of the members of the con-
vention were so sensitive on the subject of incorporating
into the Union States arising within the limits of the United
States, and exercised the most scrupulous caution in the
limitation of that power, not a word was uttered, not a syl«
lable was whispered, in relation to the power of admitting
foreign States. All must admit thut that power, if granted
at all, is granted without stint or limit, check or guard, and
so granted by a convention whose whole proceedings, and
especially in relation to the other parts of this same clause,
exhibit the most scrupulous caution Can you conceive
this to have been possible? And, if so—if a majority of the
convention were willing to give to a majority of Congress
an unlimited power to admit foreign States, do you believe
that there would not have been one single individual in that
assembly of patriots who would have raised his warning
voice against a grant of power so important and so unlim-
ited''—who would have uttered some such thoughts as these:
"The power to incorporate into our Union new States
arising within our limits, is one the exercise of which will
subject us to important changes. That has seemed to be
unavoidable from the principle on which our government is
founded; and we have submitted to it, providing such guards
as prudence suggested. But this clause may also be con*
strued to include the right of incorporating foreign States
into this Union. That is a far more important power. Its
exercise will much more vitally affect our political condi-
tion. The existence ot such a power ought, therefore, to be
expressly disaffirmed, or, if it is intended to grant it, should
be guarded with the most scrupulous care." I can imagine
the surprise of the convention at the suggestion that such a
power could be deduced fiom the clause they were consid-
ering; but I cannot believe, if they had intended to confer
it, that they would have left it without any other restraint
than the discretion of a majority of Congress.
Mr. Piesident, we have thus seen, as I contend, that the
power which we are called upon to exercise is not granted
by the letter of the constitution, and that it is repelled by its
spirit and intention. i add now, that it is utterly inconsist-
ent with the nature of our office, as the legislative depart-
ment of the government. The powers which are granted to
Congress aie legislative powers, and none other. Even
these are limited. The words otthe constitution conferring
them upon us are, "all legislative powers herein granted
shall be vested m a Congress," &c. Thus we do not even
possess all legislative powers, but only such as have been
granted by the constitution. There are many pow ers strict-
ly and purely legislative which we cannot exercise, and as
certainly we can exercise none which are not legislative,
for those are the terms of the grant. Legislation is the pow •
er of making laws, not contracts. It is the power oi
making municipal or civil laws, by which particular
districts, communities, or nations are governed. Such is
its definition The legislative power of Congress is, there-
fore, a power to make laws for the government of the peo-
ple of the United States—laws operating within our own
limits. The senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Woodburyj
thinks otherwise. He supposes it may operate externally,
and instances the powers to regulate commerce and to ac-
cidie w ai* Now. it is true that our laws may, m their ope-
lation, artectthe interests of persons beyond our limits, but
those interests must be brought within our jurisdictionI l.e-
lore these laws can operate directly uponthem "
lations of commerce can only be enforced through the
agencv of our own officers, and within our own limits, and
ore therefore internal. So a declaration of war, as an act of
legislation is in like manner limited. It merely declaie*.1
fact that war exists, and then authorizes the executive to
emplo the force of the nation in carrying it on. I s pow •
e™ is kerted in giving that authority. _ It acts upon the foi -
eisrn nation through the executive. It is true our army and
nan- may be sent abroad to wage it; but they act by the
command of laws which operate upon them within the
United States, from whence they are sent. The exercise of
the war-power is unhappily referred to to illustrate the
character of our legislation. Legislation is not exercised
in making war, but in declaring it. Congress declare the ex-
istence of the fact. It is the nation, not the Congress which
carries on the war under the authority of that declaration.
St is the proper offiM Of 3 legislature to wane ls-.vs < au
