APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Dayton.
Feb. 1845.
Senate.
upon the;same general subject, may afford us some informa-
tion of the kind of States, whether foreign or domestic, of
which the convention was speaking in the third section.
The first section provides that "full faith and credit shall be
given in cash State to th£ public acts, records, and judicial
proceedings of every other State." "What States were in-
tended? There-is no limitation, and yet every man responds
at once that the provision could be extended only to such
States as were within our jurisdiction. The second section
provides—
1. That the citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
privileges, &c., of citizens in the several States.
2. That a person charged in any State with treason, &c.
and found in another State, 8tc., shall be delivered up, &c.
3. That no person held to service, &c., in one State, and
escaping into another, shall be discharged, &c.
Now, we see that, throughout this article, and indeed
throughout the constitution, whenever States within our
jurisdiction are spoken of, it is-in general terms, with no
designation; and yet every man feeis at once that domestic
and not foreign States were intended. The third section,
which follows in thejsame connection says, "new States may
be admitted." Can it be supposed that the mind of the con-
vention atonca departed from the meaning o* the words as
before used, and used the word "State" m a sense so en-
larged as to embrace all the foreign States in the world?
No, sir; no, sir. The supposition violates probability, and
breaks down that settled rule of construction which says:
"If a statute makes use of a word m one part of it suscep-
tible of two meanings, and in another part of the statute
the same word is used in a definite sense, we are to under-
stand it throughout in that sense, unless the object to w hich
it is applied, or the connection in which it stands, requires
it to be differently understood in the two places."
Leaving this fourth article, and remembering the rule
that words used in a general sense are to be "restrained t©
the fitness of the person or thing," let us examine other
parts of the constitution.
The preamble sets out that the object of the constitution
is "to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, &c., and to secure the blessings of
liberty to ourselves and our posterity." Is the annexation
of a foreign nation necessary to either of these objects?
Next in order is the first section of the first article, which
provides that "all legislative powers herein granted shall be
vested in the Congress of the United States."
Now, Mr. President, let it be remembered that the extent
of the power given in this clause is the very gist of this
question under discussion. The adversary says it gives
power to annex a foreign State; or, in other words, that it
jnay operate without the territory and jurisdiction of the
country. I den^ that there is one single branch of the le-
gislative power in the constitution which was intended to
operate, or which can operate, outside of our territory and
jurisdiction. There is the issue; now to the argument.
The power vested, be it remembered, is legislative power,
and that from its very nature is internal in its operation. It
compasses "the country, the whole country, and nothing
but the country." The United States may legislate, Texas
may legislate; but, with legislation alone, how will they get
together/ They will go around and around, each in its own
sphere, but never touch. The law of nations designates
the mode in which nations can touch or contract, and that
is, by treaty.
England and Scotland, it is said, came together by an act
of union—an exertion of legislative power only. Sir, were
this true, it would not be a casein point; because, being
united under the same crown, the treaty-making power,
proper in each, was the same. But, sir, there was a treaty,
m the strictest sense of the word, a treaty, though not m
the ordinary form. Commissioners on the part of England,
and commissioners on the part of Scotland, were appointed
to treat with each other in reference to the terms of union.
They did treat—they agreed among themselves—they form-
ed and executed among themselves a treaty, which was af-
terwards reported to and ratified by their respective Parlia-
ments. Without this intermediate contract, I submit that
no amount of legislation could have legitimately brought
those countries together. If they came * together, waiving
the irregularity, then the transaction was a treaty in its
character and essence, and a usurpation upon the treaty-
making power, had such power existed.
I have no doubt this legal difficulty presented itself to the
mind of the senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] and he
has therefore proposed commissioners. Very good, sir;
but when these commissioners meet, they meet as the
agents of the respective governments, and it matters not by
what name they are called, the articles agreed upon will
be a treaty—as much so as the treaty of Ghent, which was
made by commissioners; and this treaty, under our con-
stitution, is to be referred for action directly to the Presi-
dent and Senate. It must have a two-thirds vote to con-
firm it.
Some senator has found out that a treaty is a compact be-
tween foreign nations, negotiated through commissioners;
and his authority is a dictionary. That, sir, is one of the
many definitions, in one of the many dictionaries, of a trea-
ty. Napoleon was fond of meeting the opposite power
lace to face. lie would have preferred dispensing, it is
said, with intermediate negotiations altogether. Treaties
negotiated by him under these circumstances would have
been thiown out of the pale of the foregoing definition al-
together.
V submit, that neither in the case of England and Scotland,
nor in any other case in history, is there to be found a com-
pact of annexation effected through legislative power only.
Our law says, or is to say, "Texas is hereby annexed." *
Now, can it "be said that that law extends one inch beyond
our own borders/ If not, how can it go over and bring into
this Union a nation conceded to be outside of our borders?
But it is said, Texas must consent: ay, but consent never
gives jurisdiction !"
But, if the legislative power can be extended outside of
our borders, why not the judicial? The language granting
these powers is identical. Yet what would be thought of
the sanity ofthat man who should contend that the judicial
power, conveyed in the 4th article, was broad enough to
leach a foreign State? And yet that aitide has no limits-
to domestic States} it exceeds the judiel&i fowej- to
"controversies between two or rapre States," "between a
State and the citizens of another State," and "between the
citizens of the same State claiming lands under grants of
different States," See. Now, the legislative power is vested
in Congress, and if, under the words "new States maybe
admitted," Congress can pass a law operative on foreign
States, xvhy, on alike generality of expression, may not the
judicial power enforce our laws in a foreign territory? The
answer is given in the maxim that general words are to be
restrained to proper subject-matter.
But, sir, passing from the first to the second section of the
first article of our constitution, we are again, and at once,
met with the requisition of seven years'prior citizeflship to
entitle a man to sit as a representative in the popular branch
of Congress; and afterwards, a prior citizenship of nine
years is requisite for a senator. How could the constitu-
tion have thought of introducing an entire foreign nation,
and having them represented at once on the floor of Con-
gress* All kinds of suggestions have been made to answer
this position?
1. It is said it applies to naturalized foreigners only. Sup-
pose I grant this: what does it prove? There are two modes
of naturalization known to the law: the one is by a general
act, under which individuals may come in by complying
with its forms and requisitions The other is by special act,
to meet a given case, as the present. This resolution au-
thorizes the annexation of Texas, "as one of the States of
this Union." The constitution says that "the citizens of
each State shall be entitled to all privileges and immunities
of citizens in the several States." The whole body of the
citizens of Texas are, therefore, naturalized in a day.
The same argument which proves that a Texian may be
made a proper representative m Congress, without previ-
ous citizenship, will prove that the Mexicans of Santa Fe
(which is within the boundaries of- Texas, as claimed by
her constitution) may become the President of the United
States, though the constitution of our country says he must
be a native-born citizen. The argument is this: that the
day after Texas is annexed, her citizens of seven years'
standing have heen citizens of the United States for seven
years, though their State has been a citizen (if I may so
speak) for but a day.
Mr. President, the object of requiring a previous citizen-
ship is to see that a foreigner, not before he can worship,
but before he can officiate as priest at the altar, must have
been with us long enough to have become indoctrinated
with the proper spirit and knowledge of our institutions.
The same reason would surely apply, whether a Mexican
or any other foreigner come m through some general act,
bringing in a thousand of his countrymen along with him,
or whether he come in alone.
2. But it has been again said that there will be American
Citizens enough there to represent the State in the councils
of this nation who have not lost their citizenship at home.
Now, in the first place, this does not meet the argument,
which applies to the general principle of admitting foreign
States, and not to the question whether, in this particular
case, the constitutional provision maj' not be got around.
But, aside from this answer, I may say that no invidious dis-
tinction between the citizens of Texas would be submitted
to Its best citizens were there at the adoption of its con-
stitution; they swore allegiance to the State of Texas; they
were, by public law ot the United States, acknowledged as
independent, de facto, not of Mexico only, but of us and of
all the world. The State never would, never could, submit
to be represented in the councils of this nation by those on-
ly who may not have lost a citizenship in this country.
Sir, there never has been, and in my judgment there nev-
er can be, a satisfactory answer to the above difficulty.
Had our fathers dreamed of introducing a foreign nation in-
to the bosom of our confederacy, the) never w ould hav«
permitted this clause to stand unexplained, and as we now
find it.
But, Mr. President, let us look at a subsequent part of the
2d section, for further light as to the intention of the fra-
meps of the constitution. It provides that the representa-
tion in Congress '-shall be determined by adding to the
whole number of free persons, including those bound to
service for a term of years, and excluding Indians not tax-
ed, three-fifths of all other persons " This clause was ca-
pable of a clear application to the condition of the country
and people of the United States as it then was. The free
were all counted, and"three-fifihs of the slaves But how
is this clause to be applied to the heterogeneous, piebald
population of western Texas? I am not surprised at the lit-
tle information furnished us of the extent and character of
this population The documents accompanying the treaty
put down the whites, by estimate, at 140,000, the slaves at
22,410.
But the boundaries of Texas, as declared by her constitu-
tion, extend, perhaps, a hundred miles west of the white set-
tlements, and with a line perhaps a thousand miles long.
Much of this country is occupied by Mexicans. In it are
Santa Kc, and a considerable number of towns, with popula-
tions ranging from 6,000 down to 50. Latrobe, who visited
this country in 1334, divides the Mexican population into
seven classes, more than half of whom are the Mexicans
and Mestizoes—European and Indian. All these are free
citizens. They populate the country as well as the western
towns and villages of Texas. The Mexican Indian is not
like the wild Camanche. He is the peasant of the countrv,
and pays his tax. All these, it will be contended, are enti-
tled to their representation under the constitution. We re-
ject our own Indians; but the Mexican Indian, the Mestuoe,
the free black, and the Zamboe, (Indian and negro ) being
five-sixths of the Mexican population, and all being free,
count, under the constitution, man for man, against the free-
men of the North S Twenty-five thousand negro slaves
come in and cancel fifteen thousand of out freemen; while
how many, from the red man of Mexico down through his
several shades and crosses to the negro, are to come in as
freemen, is all unknown. Can it be supposed for an instant
that the framers of the constitution ever could have had in
view the introduction of such a population, when they
adopted the above rule of representation?
Next in order is the 3d section. This provides that the
Senate be composed of two senators from each State; and,
subsequently, the President is authorized to make treaties,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
Sjy, thi* is that part of the question which is now af doep
interest to me, as it was from the origin of the government
to the State I in part represent. If I should but echo what
has been said before, at least the echo will rebound from
another point. Other senators will be listened to by their
constituents, while I mean to be heard by mine.
The relative power of the States in this body was, per-
haps, more contested than any of the many controverted
questions before the convention. The small States Con-
necticut, New Jersey, Delaware, and Maryland, (Rhode Isl-
and was not represented in cpnvention,) insisted, first, upon
an equality of representation in both Houses, upon the
ground that it was a confederacy of independent "States.
When beaten as to the House of Representatives, they in-
sisted upon an equality of representation here as a "sine
qua noil." Here the Staff- sovereignties were to be repre-
sented, and sovereignties were equal. To this power was
to be surrendered, in connection with the executive, those
high powers exercised only by sovereignties. The perti-
nacity of the large States upon this point was such that at
last the convention came to a stop; it was feared they
would have to break up with nothing done A committee
was then appointed to consider of it, and finally an equality
of representation was conceded to the small States in this
body. This was done at the instance of Dr. Franklin, and
with express reference to the equality of State sovereign-
ties, without regard to population or territory. New Jer-
sey had every attribute of sovereignty that was known to
New York. Without the Union we would each have treat-
ed upon a footing of equality with foreign powers; dissolve
it now, and we will yet treat on the same equality. Th<*
treaty power, which each State as a single sovereignty held
before the Union, was transferred to the federal govern'
ment; but each State transferred just so much of its sove-
reignty, and no more, than its neighbor. New Jersey aban«
doned to the confederation its power to treat, but it provi-
ded that it should have an equality of representation m that
body to which the power was transfexred. But what do
you do now? You say that New Jersey and Texas, in
peace and in war, in weal and in wo, must stand or fall to-
gether. Who says this? Thirty-four votes m New York
to five in New Jersey. Had you said this in '87. not one of
the small States would have touched that mystic ring
which wedded them to a Union of inequality. The setting
Would have lost at least five of its brilliants, and that though
you had offered to set them in gold Sir, they told you so.
They felt the importance, of this treaty power; they knew
that through it freedom was as often Jost as won; that
through it the strong encroached upon the weak. What
though the conqueror's steel pierce the heart of a nation;
what though blood run from its every pore; what though,
struggling and spent, it be borne backwards to the earth,
still the nation is free; yet free "to do or die!" It is the
treaty-making power which affixes the seal It is the trea-
ty-making power which at last rolls up the stone to the
door of its sepulchre. Consummate this as begun, and you
outrage our sovereignties; you make us not the equals, but
vassals of the large States of the Union. \ou strike a fatal
blow upon State rights; it comes down as" if from the club
of Hercules, with a direct force, an irresistible power. I
protest against it. In the name of the people of New Jersey
—in behalf of the smaller States of the Union, I enter my
solemn protest against this legislative annexation
Sir, I know the answer. We are told this is no treaty;
but, sir, it out to have been. The treaty pev. er should first
have been brought into action to acquire the countiy, and
that could be done only by a two-thirds vote of the Senate;
and there is the security of the tmall States. 'I he country
once acquired, anew State may then be formed by sepa-
rate act of Congress, but not till then If you can transfer
the tieaty power at will to anotliei department of govern-
ment, our equality of representation heieis mockery. You
admit that the country might be acquired by treaty; that,
indeed, was the first plan resorted to. Now, can it be, that
there is such an anomaly in our government as two depart-
ments, checks upon each other—proceeding in different
forms, with the exercise of different powers, and different
extents of power—which were intended to effect the same
general objects' What a power would this place in the
hands of a designing executive? He wants a country to be
acquired, but he knows he cannot get a two-thud vote of the
Senate, and he therefore sends it to Congress in its legis-
lative capacity; but perhaps a majority in the House of Rep-
resentatives is against him;then, if he happens to have tw o-
thirds of the Senate, he clects that body, and sends it to them
in their executive capacity.
Mr. President, if the treaty power hav e j urisdiction to ac-
quire territory at all. it seems to me that jurisdiction must
be exclusive. This is the first time since the foundation of
our government thai an attempt has been made to extend
our borders in any other way.
But, sir, I now pass from this section of the constitution
to the Sth, which specifies the several powers of Congress;
and I repeat that there is not one single power which is in-
tended to operate outside of the territory and junsdiction
of the country.
The senator from New Hampshire [Mr. WooortRv] has
maintained with earnestness that the power to legulate for-
eign commerce operates extra-territoriall) But how ? You
pass laws which operate in J our o\\ n poit^ on foreign com-
merce, but not out of your own ports and waters. You
regulate foreign commerce only by duties, or by opening
and shutting your ports. These laws, which are sometimes
reciprocal and sometimes retaliatory, are not legislative
compacts with foreign nations, but acts oi Congress, ^hich
may be repealed at our pleasuie. We have made compacts
with foreign nations about commerce, but not by law , hence,
that laige class of treaties known as "co^nmeicial treaties ''
Thecc aie incapable of repeal.
The nextillustration of the senator from New Hampshire
of a legislative power opeiatmg exua-temtorialh is the
"warpower" of Congress. In this he to me to have
been equally unfortunate. In the first place, Congress only
declares war; the conduct of the war, as leading our armies
into a foreign countiy, is properly within the executive,
and not legislative department of government. But,aside
from this, my position was, that no legislative power in the
constitution operated outside the territory and jurisdiction
of the United States. Now, sir, I need not op"n books on
national law to prove that the jurisdiction of a county
ways accompanies its armies, *s it doe* its ship-
