Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
•Annexation, of Texas—Mr. Dayton.
Senate.
Mr. Woodbur* here said: "Suppose our armies cross the
line, and enter Canada: have wejurisdictitm there?"
Mr. Dmo.v. Certainly, sir, so far as that army is con-
cerned. We have not jurisdiction ofthesoil, but we have,
-as writers on national law say, of the persons of ourciti-
zens; and in me way we have jurisdiction of our ships
at sea, though not of the waves they ride upon And it is
only when a cm/en is within our territorial jurisdiction, or
that kind ot juiisdiction above referred to, that he is enti-
tled to the protection ofhis country in making war upon its
enemy . If, for instance, an American citizen, after declara-
tion oi war against Great Britain, should conclude to do a
little business on his own account, and, standing in a Lon-
don park, should deliberately shoot down the commanding
officer of d Bntish;regiment while on parade, would he be
considered a mere prisoner of war, or would he forfeit his
life' The latter, suiely. But if that same citizen had joined
himself with an American army, and under its flag had done
the same act, lie would have been protected from all con-
sequences, save such as were incident to a state of war.
The juri.diction of his country covers him while in its
ships or attached to its armies. These cases, therefore,
prove nothing.
But, sir, tins eighth section affords ample illustration of
the consequences of that construction of general -words for
which our adversaries contend. They say "new States
may be admitted;" and, as there is no limitation, this ex-
tends to foreign Siauss. Well, this section authorizes Con-
gress "to lay and collect duties." Where? In a British
port1 To "raise armies." Where, and of whom? The
Cossacks of the Von, or a broken band of Janissaries? To
"suppress insurrections." Where? In St. Domingo? Nay,
in the last instance, the argument has much of the same
kind of force theirs has. They say, when the resolutions
were first submitted to the convention, they provided ex-
pressly for States lawfully arising within the United States,
and these words were finally dropped, the phraseology
changed, and the words "new States" were substituted:
ergo, the new Sidles could come fiom anywheie. Now,
those same resolution1?!, as originally reported, contained a
clause providing for subduing of rebellion in any of the
States of the Umied States, and this provision was entirely
dropped, and the whole power left was to suppress insur-
rections: e>go, to suppress insurrections anywhere! Sir,
this latitude of construction would render the constitution
worthless. The answer to it all is, that "general words
must be restrained to thu subject-matter "
I have thus disposed of the argument drawn from the face
of the constitution. The debates of the convention have
been so tnoroughly explored that I will not again go over
them. Certainly the argument against the construction of
our adversaries, utawn from that source, is conclusive, if
any doubt remained upon the text itsell. A single idea, not
yet referred to, on the subject of these debates, and I leave
them. It has been repeatedly said that the original and
only resolution upon this subject at first presented to the
convention wa& limited to States lawfully arising within the
United States. It was so; but it seems to have been over-
looked that the resolution, thus limited to States arising
within the United States, was adopted without dissent. "Ex•
pressio mhus est exUui>io altenusYet this convention,
whichhadjust adopted a resolution clearly looking to the
exclusion of foreign States, are supposed immediately after,
and without a word said, or an objection suggested, to have
substituted language wide enough to incorporate the world!
It surpasses all belief.
But, sir, the senator from Mississippi [Mr. Henderson!
has assumed giound upon this point diflering from all
others, of both bides. He says this power to admit "new
States'5 is not so very broad, after all; that, in hisjudg-
ment, it should be confined to territory coterminous with
our own; that m 110 other way can you make a union of
territory He therefore scofcts the idea of this power ex-
tending to Patagonia, &c. Now, Mr. President, when I
heard this I really thought we had at last egot a "live strict
constructionist''in the peison of my friend, one that was
about to compress the empire within proper limits. But,
sir, a little reflection satisfies me that here again the doc-
trine was one way, while the practice was another. We
could easily get to Patagonia on the senator's own princi-
ple—all he wanted was, that we should not skip!
But my confidence in the "strict construction" of my
friend was all gone, when I heard him, before he closed his
speech, express the utmost willingness, nay, the utmost
desire, for the possession of Cubaby the United States He
literally anathematized in advance the craven executive
who shall faltfej in this w-hen the time comes.
Ah, would but my eloquent friend from Kentucky lend
me for the nonce his buxom goddess (the Genius of Ameri-
ca) who sprang lull grown into the arena of nations, all
strung for her race of glory! I want to place heron the
outermost point of the Florida reef—a single stride (some-
what of the longest for her ladyship) plants her on the
coast of Cuba, with the American ensign in her hand. But
we weretoM she is wise as well as strong. She must see
at a dance that h<jr' 'peculiar institutions" in Cuba must be
protected—her • own safety demands it." A negro republic,
tree and independent, her next neighbor, within the "chuck
of a biscuit.,'- sir, it could not be thought of—it wouldbea
receptacle for fugitive slaves. Anether step, then, and
Hayti is her own. "Vem, ridi. ita?'
Here, perhaps, there might be seme awkward remon-
strances from the nations of Christendom; and, if they
wanted a precedent, it could be found m the late action of
the American government in reference to the interference
of Great Britain in the government of one of the Sandwich
islands, m the Pacific oe>ean. But still this goddess is not
to be staved m her onward course, she cannot be elbowed
on her rfojnr-in Before her now flies from those
islands which chcb'with emerald the Caribbean sea. the
fiag's of half thi* civilised nations of the world. 1 insist, sir,
that she tjke the bull by the horns at once; there flutters
the banner of St George! On its folds that very lion,
against which, 1 tike it, we were warned in Scripture!
Some folks w ill r,e\er stand steady m then shoes while
near enough to heaj its roar. Another step, and she stands
^tpon Jamaica' Strikes down the British flag-staff with one
hand, plants the "stars and stripes'? with the other. But
her Work is just begun; another step, she stands on Mar-
tinique—the Lily of France bends low in the di*st before
her! Another, her foot is on the shore of St. Martin, and
"the Dutchman is done for!" Another, she stands on Santa-
Cruz, and the Dane disappears before her! Yet another,
she has reached St. Bartholomew, and the only hold of
Sweden on the American continent is gone forever!
Ah, Mr. President, are we not a wonderful people!
But, dropping this tone of remark, and viewing this prin-
ciple m its practical operation, thus developed, may 1 not
say, in the language of another, that the union of these
States will fly before it "like chaff before the wind, and
stubble before the whirlwind''"
The senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchanan] admits
that, in his judgment, there is no restraint upon the opera-
tion of this power to admit "new States," except the discre-
tion of those who are called upon to exercise it. But no
argument, he thinks, ought to be drawn from the abuse of
the power. Is it not, however, the strongest evidence that
no such power was^ intended to be given, where you can
show its great liabilities to abuse, and where there i3 no
point ascertained to mark where the fair use ends and the
abuse begms.
But, sir, this resolution is not opposed to constitutional
provisions only, but violates the principle of our natural-
ization laws, as established from the foundation of the gov-
ernment. The propriety of some term of residence to fit
a foreigner for his duties as a citizen has been universally
acknowledged. In 1790 it was limited to two years; m
1795 it was extended to five years, m 1798 it was further
extended to fourteen years; and in 1802 it wasbroughtdown
again to live years, where it now stands. Louisiana came
in as a territory, and served her full apprenticeship of nine
years before she was made free of the craft Texas is to
come in as a State full grown, "factus ad ungutm." Ay,
and she brings in with her a population, much of which it
is doubtful if it could be naturalized at all under existing
laws. These laws provide only for the naturalization of
"free white persons;" and Chancellor Kent says: "he doubts
whether any of the copper-colored natives of America, the
yellow or tawny Asiatic, come within their purview " But,
disregarding all our past policy, we are to bring in, in one
general drag-net, not our expatriated citizens only, but
every Mexican, and every Iii&h and German emigrant who
may have been received into Texas as a citizen after six
months'residence only, Nay, sir, we authorize Texas now
to make a constitution, and she may declare, as she did be-
fore, that all are citizens who may be inhabitants at the date
of its adoption. The emigrant who enters the country
through Galveston and Texas sloughs oft'his European al-
legiance in a night, and rises in the morning covered all
over with the sacred, the priceless privileges of an Amer-
ican citizen. His brother, who enters through Boston or
New York, arrives at the same point after live yeais' ser-
vice, and going through all the troublesome forms of law;
and this, too, is all m the face of that provision of the con-
stitution which requires that the naturalivation laws be
uniform throughout the United States. Sir, it is making
American citizenship cheap—dog cheap. In all nations
which have proposed, the "jus cit-ifoiiV'nas been regarded
with an eye of care. Gibbon says "that as soon as the
freedom of the city was extended to the whole Roman
world, the national spirit was lost, the pride of their coun-
try no longer felt, nor its honor observed." But we are
wiser than our fathers; they thought five years a probation
shoit enough, while we scarcely require as many days.
Ay, sir, and all this is the work of strict construction!
The senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Woodbury] has
gone out of his way to remind us of this, to claim for him-
self and his part} the high eminence of conservators of the
constitution He has even gone so far as to charge the op-
Eosition to annexation as founded in abolition, with which
e has identified the opponents of this measure. Mr. Presi-
dent, I regret this, for it seems to me that even general party
criminations ought to be discarded from this chamber. But,
sir, since this matter has been opened upon us, J feel myself
called upon to say that the practice of the party (assumed
to be democratic) has damned its precept from the begin-
ning.
Political, like personal, sins grow apace: we are timid at
the start, but become emboldened by impunity and wrong.
Louisiana was acquired, m 1803, with great distrust, by Mr.
Jefferson, who expressly declared, again and again, that he
thouffht it the exercise of an unconstitutional power.
Nothing, at all events, but a liberal construction justified it.
Nothing but a liberal construction of the poweis to regu-
late commerce justified the embargo of 1807, wluch stop*
ped all commerce. Nothing but a rnott latitndinous con-
struction, as our opponents now say, justified the creation
of the United States Bank m 1816. Yet all this was the
work of the democracy.
That stomach which, in theory, could swallow nothing
but bits cut in the precise form and shepe indicated by the
constitution, was found competent to swallow, in practice,
everything that presented itself: once gorged, it lay quies-
cent for years; and when, at last, roused from its torpor, m
the fierceness of a freshly-awakened appetite, it instantly
turned upon and devoured one of own offspring. Dropping
the metaphor, (not used in an offensive sense,) thedestruc-
tion of the bank, and its concomitants—the executive veto,
the anti-nullification proclamation by Gen. Jackson—make
that administration, as yet, the culminating point of execu-
tive power
That party have gone steadily on in the exercise of strong
and doubtful powers, until, at last, there seem to be no con-
stitutional restraints. The whig party of this day now con-
tend, and for years have contended, for the restraint of ex-
ecutive patronage and pow er "We, and not they. &'and on
the democratic doctrines of X)3. If parties remain, and
principles remain, atleast it is "/nvtatis mutandis."
But, sir, returning from these general remarks, let me ex-
amine further this claim to •'strict construction." by which
they reach a boundless power
The construction is not strict; it is literal; and that some
writers calls no construction at all It is taking the meaning
of words and letters without regard to the sense or subject-
matter. The senator from Virginia [Mr Rues] illustrated
the effect of this by some apposite examples; and 1 will add
one or two more. Temures, we are told, articled with the
garrison of Sebastia, that upon capitulation no blood should
be shed; he kept the letter and grammar of his contract by
buying them all alive. Labeo agreed with Antiochus lor
one-half ofhis fleet: the letter of the agreement was kept by
saving-each ship in two, and delivering one-half.
These ar6 extreme cases, but they serve to show the con~
sequence of this kind of literal construction contended for.
It is a construction repudiated by all statesmen--all. jurists.
But I will here notice an argument of the senator from
New Hampshire which ought to ha'v e b'een referred to' be-
fore. • • - -
We contend that this legislative annexation, although -ir-
regular, is, in its essence and effect, treaty. The senator
answers: if this be so, then it is committed by express-grant
to Congress; that is, it is granted to Congress to admit new
States, and, as a consequence, to do anything else necessary
to carry out that power. But,' sir, does it follow that, whece
the ultimate power is in one department," it must embrace
within it all subordinate powers' Jt is the province of the
treaty power to acquire new territory, and Congress can af-
terwards admit out of it new States; but Congress cannot
take to itself the powers of an entirely distinct department
oi government. Congress may Control or dispose of the
public domain, but Congress cannot overlook or settle the
rights of individual claimants to that domain, because it ha«r
the power of sale afterwards. The judiciary does ita duty
first, and Congress acts afterwards. So, m this case, the
treaty power does its duty fiyst, and Congress then Acts in
its proper department. In this way we get a double securi-
ty; first, a two-thirds vote of the the Senate—afterwards, a
majority of both Houses of Congress.
In no aspect in which this question of legislative annexa-
tion can be viewed, wheiher in reference to constitutional
power or the general policy of our legislation, can I assent
to its consummation.
But, sir, I desire now to submit remarks in reference
to the other sections of this resolution. The 2d section
provides for the cession to the United States of all the
"mines, minerals," &c. Now, what in the name of all that
is sensible does this mean? How much of the fossil world
does it cover* We are told that this country literally
groans with ores. I almost wonder how there is land
enough to cover all it is said to contain. It seems to em-
brace every thing, from gold and silver down to coal ana
lead. Is the United States to turn miner or mineralogist?
What will we do with the iron and coal of the up-country of
Texas? According to Kennedy, coal is there inan Unlimit-
ed quanty. By the way, that will be a fine market for Penn-
sylvania! When that jubilee of domestic free trade comes
round which her senator [Mr. BuchaxanJ told us he so de-
sired to see, her forge fires will blaze with a ruddier light—
the hammeis of her Birmingham will ring with a merrier
sound! Happy she in the possession of a senator who has
at last proved, in spite of an adage, that it is an act of wis-
dom to "carry coal to Newcastle!" But again, sir, I ask
why this clause?
[Mr. Walker here rose and said he thought thatit had
been finally stricken out in the House. He at length found
the resolution as> amended, which did not contain it.)
Mr. Dayton. Iam glad it is so, though I was not aware
of;it. 1 used the printed resolution I found on my table, and
was not aware that its provisions had been altered.
I will proceed in my comments on the resolution as it
stands in its amended snape,
Texas is to retain all her vacant lands, (she will have her
share of ours though !) "to be applied to the payment of
the debts and liabilities of said republic of Texas."
Now, sir, I desire to call attention distinctly to the char-
acter of this provision, and the relations it will establish be-
tween the federal government and one of the governments
of the States.
The second section provides that the consent of Congress
to the admission of Texas "is given upon the following
conditions and with the following guaranties," &c.; one of
which is this, that she apply her public lands to the pay-
ment of her public debts; that is, the stipulation between
her and us in behalf of her public creditors. We have con-
stituted ourselves a sort of "t-sreeutor de son toit" of the old
iep>iblic of Texas; her assets are to be applied, by stipula-
tion with us, to pay liei debts. It is the last will and testa
ment of old Texas, dictated by another, {no unusual thing,
by the way,) it is true, but 8<5sented to by her. We must
then have."an eye to hex legislation hereafter. The federal
government must look m upon the State legislature—must
s.ee that she faithfully performs her duty. Sir, this is some-
thing ne<v—entirely new, and it introduces into the rela-
tions of the federal and State governments a feature as
anomalous as it is dangerous. I have no idea of establish-
ing this kind of supervisory aud conflicting jurisdiction.
But, again, sir: suppose Texas, alter she comes info the
Union, shall neglect or fail to comply with this condition
subsequent, how will you enforce it? what will be your
remedy} Will you rule her out of the Union? ^ No. Will
you compel her to peiform by force? No. Will you take
sway her public lands7 No The constitution, after she
gets into the Union, protects her from all this. What then ?
Nothing, sir, nothing Mie has her lands; and, though sho
may repudiate her d**bt<, (for which she has example
enough.) you have no remedy. Yon may say, shtin'e on
her ! and the woild, I fear, will say, shame on > ou !
But again, sir, she cedes to the United States not only ail
the public edifices, ko , with all other property belonging to
the public defence, but she gives up, under our constitu-
tion, the principal source of rmmg mouev to pay debts.
The right to raise money by duties, on .mport< ic transferred
to the federal government, while we stipulate m the resolu-
tion that, in no event, are the debts ami liabilities of Texas*
to become a charge upon tru* government.
But, sir, her creditor wii) tell you anoth&i thing. They
will say. if you take the most -valuable part of her piopeity.
you must, upon every principle of justice and law, pay off
her debts, unless she pay them herself. Equity would avoid
the transfer, unless this be done Test the question as a
common case between man and man Here axe twenty-six
partners, strong m public confidence and means, doing a
business co-extensive with the world. By their side is one
small dealer, (a lone star, if you please, shining with bor-
rowed light,) and they address bun in somewhat such lan-
guage as this: "You are a poor creature, weighed down
with your debts; you can't got along. John Bull, a rapa-
cious neighbor, will soon get you. body and •••oyl Now, k
you transfer to us five-sixths of the property yen have on
hand, we'll let you into our firm; but mind \ ou, we wont
