Feb. 184S.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APf>fiNDt% TO Tttfi CONQRESStONAti GLOBE.
Annexation of Texas—J\fr. Barrow.
Senate.
-- - , . " , in me* i uujiiry 10
the election 01 Mr (.lay. In the late struggle they had
gon$ for victoi y in general .without regard to any particular
time openly avowing that they were opposed to annexation.
He woiint ti^k thf senators liom New York whether Mr
folkhai m £ receded the vote of that State m spite of his
bang for annexation? He did not think they would deny
it;for it w. s* a matter O! notoriety that the distinguished
gentleman now governor of that State, when in the Senate
had voted 3gam->t the treaty. and was opposed to annexa-
tion at toe lery moment hs was elected governor, (unless
indeed, some marvellous change of opinion had been
wrought upon his mmd during the brief interval between
his leaving the Senate and his flection to the gubernatorial
chair) -\ir. B sai l that the people, in electing Mr Polk
haddec.de't on'.y one thing—that they preferred Mr. Polk
and the ascer.-ie eyofhis political partv m the rountrv to
the election 01" Mr Clay,  1 < ,
gon$ for v
principles
The peopl* Xew York had not intended to say that
they were ior immediate annexation, any more than the
people 0! Penns} hania had meant to say that they desired
the tarirt to be reduced to the South Carolina standard- nor
than the people in South Carolina had meant to say'that
while were m ia\ or of annexation, they were also
anxious ana w dhng thnt the tariff of 1642 should remain
without in j aIxjc ition. This showed how ^ ery unsafe it was
to lay down such a principle as a rule of action for the Sen-
ate or for Congress, it was a pernicious and mischievous
principle _ The people had determined no such thing in the
late election, as that they desired immediate annexation
What they ha 1 determined v. as to defeat Mr Clay, and to
elect a panv h* id who. as such, should distribute the loaves
and fishes among them.
It seem^i to him that the representatives of the party
here were go^g-a little eounterto their theory, although
he admitted, m consonance with their practice. They pro-
fess to tow sabi.w>bivfi\ to tlie w ill of the people; and they
proclaim with great eorndence that the people have deci-
ded jn favor of annexation. Now. how stand the facts? Had
the people, «mcc the explosion of this Texas bombshell m
the benate. had any fair opportunity to say what it was they
did desire on thf subject' Did the present members of Con-
gress represent the popular wish on that subject? Thev
did not The people had had no chance to express their
vwll by election :insf> this measure had assumed its present
form. They had had an opportunity in some few of the
States, and they would have m the residue during the
course of the j ear, and then it would be seen that it was
with a view to smothering the wishes of the people that the
attempt was made to force this measure through at the pres-
ent Vision. It seemed to him that to decide on this measure
now would be to defeat the v ill of the people. It was not
quite regular to refer to transactions in the other branch of
the legislature; but he relerredto them as a matter of histo-
ry; and it was notorious from the papers that manv repre-
sentatives had been o.octed to the next Congress who had
voted against the lull now before the Senate; and a larger
portion who Had voted for it consisted of gentlemen who
had receive 1 leave to remain at home, and had not been in-
vited by the people to return to their seats in. Congress. If
the vote could Le carefully analyzed, he had no doubt the
true cause we'd*:! .ippi-ar why bo vehement an effort was
raado to fore-' this ioint resolution through, the Senate. Ifa
majority of'' people desired annexation, they would have
annexation i.rj a-ked the senator upon his left [Mr Bccha-
was net treating the people with some disrespect '
for their representatives to vote on a great national ques- *
tion like tins, involving peace and war, and so deeply af- (
fectmg both our foreign and domestic relations, without
waiting long enough to allow those who had been elect-
ed since it w?>. proposed to sav what the people de-
sired'?
But he would pass over that. And now he would very
briefly present the views he entertained respecting the con-
stitutional question. And on tnis part of the subject he pro-
posed to ot very brief, because here the whole ground had
been explored with an ability which Mr. £ did not profess
to possess. The question had been examined on both sides
of the Senate by ableconstitutionallawyers, gentlemen pro-
fessionally accustomed to interpret and to compare laws.
Another reason for brevity on this part of the subject was
this—that he felt it to be his duty to speak mainly to the
question of expediency. He did not believe that this ques-
tion of anr.9xv.ion could be settled by this Congress, even
if the joint resolution now proposed should receive the
sanction ofboth Houses, and therefore he considered it his
duty to look to the expediency of the measure. The ques-
tion would not be settled, and Texas would be no nearer m
the Union liter than before pacing such a resolution. lie
perceive.11 «> senator from temm lvania [Mr Bich <\a\] to
smile at rhis. but : ;r. B would give him good authority for
what he :>r.iThai h jnorjble senator," in common with
many other* who acted with him, did not acknowledge the
pO\\erol o.u> Congress to pass a Jaw of any kind which a
futureCon-r ' «s r^ht not repeal Unless Mr. B. was great-
ly mistak -a the honorable senator ?lid not acknowledge the
binding o'.ihgr '.on even of charter., themselves ~ lie ivcol-
T.ic, ,t
•1 STr. B ir.atb at (he extra
5*; .'ui h\ 1-wl 0:1 in j ic.il i'lirJ: hill.
"Tne people'1.5 r.ot pxp^ct it, and hrve never derranded
it at your *1 m 1- Public opinion is wholly unprepared for
it; and y->c, at th,> hot M_ason oi the year, wh^n we ought
all to be -s'. !'j?  , hrr- we are confined in the Capitol, wbde
the frienas 01 * > > '/-.M: art; straining every nerve to 'push"
it prenvu'.rel; -nro'rj'i the forms of legislation and fasten
it upDi ,i xuhir" • r. j> > Wliat will be the consequences
shouil the bul become a law before our adjournment7
Why, sir f^m <-very hill ond valley throughout the land,
from (jeonru • > . . line, and from the Atlantic to the Rocky
mountain,, tir- ^ 0f •reoial' will be sounded. The repeal
of the bsmk w'!  electrify the people of this country to as
high a point ■■.s th<* repeal of the Union ha& electnfi'cd the
people of !re'nnd
"Now, sir wh icev^r may be said in regard to the propri-
ety of repealing the charter—and, for one, { should never
adopt this measure unless d/iven to it in defence of the peo-
ple against the hasty and violent conduct of the friends of
the bank—I presume theie can be but little doubt of the
power, even if Congress, like the States, hstd been express-
lected that he had made a very able speech against what
was called the fiscal corporation, at the extra session. The
senator s_ language then was* "Pass you bill—create your
corporation-—and in three months the cry will be heard
£r?mxi0u^enc* Union to the other—repeal! repeal!
We the democracy will repeal it  The senator certainly
denied the power of one Congress to control or pledge the
action ol a future Congress respecting anything. If that was
tne doctrine of the gentleman, and of his party, respecting
charters which, according to the old notion of vested rights,
could not be overthrown but for cause, then Mr. B. asked
nifl), why could not another Congress interpose its veto to
the consummation of what was, after all, but an inchoate
^X'A0r i°lnt resolution, if passed, finished nothing. All
it aid was to lay the foundation for an unprecedented excite-
ment all over the country, and open a question which might
shake this Union to its centre. When the bill did pass then,
posssibly, the people of the South might become one in re-
gard to it.
Tiie.'Present act concluded nothing; it required that, after
the people of Texas should have agreed on a constitution
their application must he presented to Congress for its final
action. What it the next Congress should say our prede-
cessors were actuated by patriotic motives, but if Congress
ha? power to admit a State, it is for us to judge whether we
will admit Texa^ or not; the action of a former Congress
in laying a*foundation for her admission has no binding au-
thority over us: if they^ should hold language like this,
would not the present joint resolution amount to nothing?
Mr. b. went on to say that, with all his objections to an-
nexation, he would at once agree to vote for it if tho treaty-
making power was invoked to effectuate the object, rather
than stand by and see a violent infraction of our constitu-
tion perpetrated by the admission of Texas as a new State
into the Union by virtue of a joint resolution of Congress
He considered this the most daring and dangerous attempt to
desecrate the constitution ever attempted, and he would
now proceed to prove what he said.
If this was really a complicated question of law, he might
not feel so strong a confidence in his own judgment as to
what Congress ought to do; but, really it seemed to him
that any impartial man of candor and common sense, {he did
not mean a member of Congress nor a politician of any
kind, but a plain, intelligent, honest man,) who desired to
arrive at the truth, and honestly to ascertain whether Con-
gress could admit Texas under the clause insisted on by
the gentlemen on the other side, could not long doubt on
the question. He knew, indeed, that the judgments of men
ere apt to be warped by prejudice, by party feeling, and
above all, by personal interest; but he would take any intel-
ligent, well-read gentleman, give him the debates of the
convention to read, and then ask him to form an opinion as
to the power of Congress to receive a foregn government
into the Union, and he havarded nothing in saying that
such a man would decide at once that Congress hadno ju-
risdiction.
In interpreting anv instrument it was proper, and; often
necessary, to go back and to look at contemporaneous his-
tory. He invited gentlemen for a moment to go back with
him to 1787, and ask what was the condition of the eountry
when that immortal convention of patriotic men assembled
to form a constitution which was to govern the thirteen in-
dependent colonies of America? It met four years after the
treaty of peace. Having found that the articles of the con-
federation worked badly during the war, and worked still
worse after the peace, they met to amend these articles;
but, having assembled for that purpose, they soon discover-
ed that it would be better to construct an entirely new
constitution; and, to put the proper construction on the new
instrument, it would be necessary, first, to look at the old,
and it was especially so in this case. Now, the articles of
confederation had contained a proviso in express terms for
the admission of Canada into the Union whenever she
chose to come, and other colonies, (British,) as soon as nine
States out of the thirteen should give their consent. Those
articles contained no provision for the formation of new
States out of territory belonging to the old colonies; but
the new constitution did: it provided for the formation of
States out of territory lying within the chartered limits of
the States which formed the constitution.
Now, Mr. B. asked, whether, if the design of the framers
of the constitution in inserting this section, respecting the
admission of new States, was to admit foreign States, would
they not have said so in express terms? The omission to do
so could not have been an oversight, nor could it have been
from any apprehension that, if they did use plain terms on
the subject, u would lead to a renewal of the war, because
the discussions in the committee were secret, and the min-
utes of their proceedings had not been published to the
world Yet no such language was to be found m the clause.
The difference between the articles of confederation and
the new constitution, in this matter of receiving States,
consisted m this: that, under the confederation, provision
was made for admitting one foreign State bj name, and
others when two-thirds of tho States should agree to it:
whereas, under the new constitution, provision way made
to admit new States formed out of territory then \\ iihiri the
Union. Mr. B did not wish to be understood as ssymg tha*
Congress could not now lawfully admit new States formed
Iv prohibited by the constitution from passing an) law im-
pairing the obligations of contracts.
"But it required no judicial decision to teach a freeman
this doctrine It never could be imagined, for a single mo-
ment, that the constitution of the United States intended to
enable Congress or a State legislature to transfer forever,
either to corporations or individuals, those great and gener-
al powers of government with which they have been in-
trusted by the people. If Congress can deprive itself by
contract of any of those powers, it may dispose of them all,
and that irrevocably; and the national legislature might
thus destroy itself, and transfer all its most important func-
tions to corporations.
"I speak solely of the question of power under judicial
decisions, and 1 merely glance at the subject for the pres-
ent. In the event of repeal, the private stockholders in
such a bank may have an equitable claim for indemnity on
Congress, but nothing more. It is wholly unlike the case'
of a State bank charter granted to individuals, which has
been declared by the judiciary to be a private corporation,"
out of territory not within the United States in 1783 or
, meant to say was that the framers of the con-
stitution had provided for the admission of States to he
formed out of any territory which should be within the
Union when such new States should apply for admission.
Canada had been specifically named in the articles of con-
federation, but she had not availed herself of the permis-
sion thus given, and utterly refused to join us in achieving
'"flePendence of Great Britain. When the convention
therefore met to form the new constitution, that overture
was not renewed. While we were in the midst of our
struggle with a power so far our superior, we had been
seeking alliances in every quarter; but when the struggle
was over, and our independence triumphantly won, this
desire for foreign alliances ceased, and fortunate was it for
us that it did so.
That the Senate had been told that the convention did
contemplate the admission of Canada. He wished gentle-
men would put their finger on a solitary fact in the history
of that convention which would authorize swich a position.
Mr. B. had read, with the greatest care, the whole record of
these debates, and he defied any gentleman to point him to
a line, or word, or letter, which showed that the men then
assembled had the remotest expectation that Canada would
ever join this confederacy. On the contrary, the whole
book was full of the evidence that their eyes were turned
to the great West, and not to the North, although they
looked to that quarter for two new States—New Hampshire
and Maine. The true cause of many of the changes and
modifications which took place in the proposition given by
Governor "Randolph touching the admission of new States,
was to be found in the peculiar condition which Vermont
then occupied. The State of New York claimed her terri-
tory as being within the limits of that State, yet the people
of Vermont had acted independently during the whole of
the revolution, and denied the right of jurisdiction which
New York claimed The question was whether .she was to
be considered and treated as a foreign State. There was not
one man in the conventton who so considered her; but,
from her peculiar position, it was difficult to frame a clause
so as to include and fit her case. It was supposed to be ne-
cessary to allow anew State to be formed out of the territo-
ry of other States, because Vermont had organized a gov-
ernment of her own, though her tcriitory lay within the
limits of New York. To meet that difficulty, a proposition
was made by Roger Sherman that Congress should have
power to anmit other States and new States,.
"That the legislature shall have power to admit other
States into the Union; and new States to be formed by the
division or junction of States now in the Union, with the
consent of the legislature of the States
This resolution Mr. Sherman declared to hpve been
expressly provided to meet the case of Vermont. It was
not, however, adopted, because a strong repugnance was
felt in the minds ot all who look upon Vermont as a foreign
State, and it was thought she could come m under the latter
portion of the provision respecting the admission of new
States, which declared that a new State might be formed
out of the territory of another, and admitted into the Union,
if the legislature of that other State gave its consent and
Congress was willing to receive.
None could fail to see that the great bone of contention in
that assembly lay in the fact that several of the old thirteen
States were of small extent, while others were very large.
These larger States owned an immense tract of wilderness
then roamed by the savage and the beast of prey. The
small States lay immediately on the Atlantic, and had no
such masses of unsettled territory; and the contest in
agreeing upon a constitution arose between these large and
small States, aud had respect especially to this un&ettled
territory. The small States insisted on the dismemberment
of the larger ones; but they, on the other hand, insisted on
retaining their lands: hence it was that the convention nev-
er could agree on a clause for the admission of new States
until the second part of it was agreed to, which errnowSred
Congress to make all necessary rules and regulations for
the government and disposition of the territories; and also
provided that the rights, both of the State governments and
the general government, should not be infringed, but should
remain inviolate, providing thereby that the formation and
reception of new States should not interfere with the right
of government of the crown lands; for many then contended
that all the uninhabited part of the country belonged as of
right, to the general government, having been \\ on by a
common struggle, and ceded by Great Britain in the treaty
of 1783.
This was the ground of the difficulty between the small
and the large States; and the small States never would
have«.ssente.' to the constitution at all, it'provision had not
been made for the ultimate dismemberment of Georgia and
Carolina, and the formation of new States out of the north-
v.est territory, ceucd by Virginia. It was of great impor*
tance that gentlemen should advert to this—it bore imme-
diately on the subject—because the convention never could
ag<*ee on the \ hiaseology of the admission clause till it waL.
decidod, on the one hand, that nothing in the constitution
should impair the rights of the general government to tho
crown landc; and, ■. "i the other, thnt the odna-vion of
htstr; vhuuM not impair the rights of States already aom.t
ted Thi^ e.r at no.nt having bprn adjusted, vhcre wf.s ono
amendment propo-^d after that, and one onlj , viz: to strike
outthewoid "hmits."'and insert the wor.l "jiaicdictjoiV
which had ro-pect to the claim of New York over Vermcnt
This w as adopted, and then there was no longer any dihi-
culty.
At that peiiod great apprehensions -were entertained that
the States of the West would at some future t.ine outweigh
and control the old thirteen. So strong w ere those feais in
the breast of many members of tho convention, that one
o-euth-man (Mr Gerry) submitted a proposition, which Mr.
S read to the Senate'to the following effect:
That, in order to secure the liberties of the people, the
representatives in the first branch (viz: the Hou<e of Rep*
resentatives) from the States hereafter to be formed rhall
not exceed in number the representatives from the States
acceding to this confederacy.
How utterly idle and ridiculous would it have been to
propose an amendment like this if the convention had been
looking to the annexation of Canada or Mexico, or the coIq?
