Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Barrow.
Senate.
thousand hogsheads, if it took place in two years, would be
sufficient to reduce the price oi sugar two or two and a
half cents a pound, under w hick reduction no planter could
live.
It was possible that their noithein and western friends
might say all this, "So be it. it is all good for us.-" it was
possible "that the manufacturer would not take care for the
coasegncnces, provided he got his sugar to sweeten his cof-
fee at two or thiee cents a pound. .Mr. E. had no doubt that
this argument had been u«ed at the North, for the purpose
of creating a 'J>x«u fe\f-u in that o.uaitei. But, without
complaining oi this, he would take the liberty oftellmg his
aortnem friend* that, as things were now , the planters of
Louisiana could barely In e, 'and would not be able to pro-
ceed with then business should prices be any further re-
duced, and the consequence of suddenly adding such a ter-
ritory as that ol Texas by lowering the price ol sugar until
it woVld not bring the cost of production, and reducing cot-
tonm the odine manner would be to break down and bank-
rapt the {lantern of ] nth, so that they could no longer pur-
chase norths m croods "Would thej be gainers by a trans-
action of tins kind' ^ et such must be the inevitable result
totton \sas now at a minimum,if it should be lowered but
one pennj apoun 1. the southern grow er must be bankrupt,
and a reduction would be as fatal to the manufacturer as it
roust be to the planter But Mr b. would dwell no longer
on that.
Bnt hi bad heard gentlemen say, m a sneering tone, and
wiihblr'0k0i suiprise, "lou treat this subject as if it was
a mere question ol dollars and cents: it is very strange.'*
Strange as it might be, he did so look at this subject, and he
should so continue to regard it, until some of those magnan-
imous gentlemen should show him a reason for abandoning
the pecuniary interests of his constituents, and consenting
to what must rum them, on the grounds of a broadnational
necessity. For such a reason Mr B. had listened from the
commencement of this subject. He had both listened and
rea-1, but he had ne% er yet been able to come at one great
national reason why Texas must be annexed; and, so long
as this was the case, he did not consider his patriotism as at
all appealed to; it had not yet been properly invoked.
The reasons advanced in favor of this measure might be
reduced to five F irst, it would extend the area of freedom;
second it would provide ior the defence of New* Orleans;
third it would prevent Lngland from gaming an ascenden-
cy in Texas: fourth, it would open a market for the manu-
facturers of'the North. and would employ the shipping of
the East: and, n<thly, (a reason w hich gave the measure all
it? value m the eyes of the South.) n would strengthen the
southern States, and secure to them a greater amount of po-
litical power and control in this government. This last
reason was the true secret of the popularity of annexation
m the South, together with the fear that Texas was desired
fcv England.
'These constituted all the reasons which Mr. B. had ever
heard advanced, either in public or m private. As they were
reasons whi<-h did not appeal to his teelingg of patriotism,
bv connecting themselves either with the national safety or
ttie national wehare, he must take the liberty of looking at
them a little
The first reason ws? the extension of the area offieedom.
A more mis^hio\ous, more nefarious, more unprincipled
doctrine ne\er could be advanced in a republican go\ern-
ment. Was it the duty and the right of this government,
bv treatv, &y w ar, and by every otiiei means, to extend the
area of trc-el'om"' It w as only necessary to call together a
crowd of people anywhere in the South or Southw e>t, and
direct then* minds to tne holy alliance, and m a moment
theywouii 1 esnn to express 'the most wolent indignation
th3tsuUian association should exist on the face of the
earth. -The object of that league had formed the theme ol
declamation on every iourth ol July since the alliance had
been entered l^to—it w as a favorite topic with every un-
fledged orator to denounce the holy alliance, its origin,
principles intensions, and purposes. .Mr. B. also denounced
it: but, in principle, where was the difference7 Then doc-
trine was but the converse of ours. We maintained that
we had a risrht to extend the area of human freedom the
holy alliance contended that they had just as good a right
to contract the area of freedom. Acting on that principle,
this alliance of sovereigns, wheneier an outbreak took
placeamon^ the people, and any oppressed nation attempt-
ed to break the shackles ol its thraldom, had interposed
if strong; arm to do what it called ' preserving order,'- and
with but too great success. But had this met the approba-
tion of the American people' Had they not uni\ er sally re-
nounced it as a violation of the laws oi nations, and an out-
rage on the n nuidi rights of men'' Was it not every where
condemned as an unjust and an unholy attempt to present
men from establishing such a government as they chose
Now, if this principle of the Holy Alliance was all wrong,
a? Mr B. conceded it to be, w .is it not equally w rong m us
to pretend that it was our duty to annex Texas to the United
Mates, in order thereby to extend the area oi freedom
"Were v, e prepared to announce to the world that we consid-
erfd this government such a paragon of perfection pnd such
a paradise ofpuritv and happiness that we were reaoy to be-
cone a band ol propagandists, to fraterni/e the whole world
t fmankind--to invite all nations to come into our P&"*
bfctthisgovernmentor.ee opcrilj sanction a doctrine like
thi«, and let the people endorse and place their seal upon
jt—let it lie proclaimed that this American republic, e\ en if
it should dis.uenit-er other governments. has a right to do so
in the pursuit of t3~.e scheme of extending the area of human
freedom, and, his word for it, we should soon have the
luesiion tested, w hich he bad heard .so often talked of as a
thing not to be disputed, that v.*e could resist the worlu in
amis Let nonce be annouced, ex cathtJ.'a, tlutwe had
tmbractd the quixotic scheme of repubJicamzmg the world,
&nd if, m accomplishing that end, it was necessary for us to
make war and to sei/c? on the territory of our neighbors, we
Were not to be deterred by any foolish notions of national
honor, but were determined to push on to our purpose stall
hoards and all saciifices and never to stop till the world
was redeemed, regenerated, and disenthralled, and fully em-
braced in the urea of freedom, and the nations of the Old
World would take their measures and make their calcula-
tions accordingly.
The most safe, sure, and legitimate mode of extending the
area of freedom was, in his humble judgment, for our gov-
ernment to observe with religious fidelity all its obliga-
tions, toreign and domestic j to cultivate peaceful relations
with all nations, and shun entangling alliances with each
and all of them; to ask of foreign powers nothing which is
not right, and submit tc nothing that is wrong; so to shape
its foreign policy and domestic administration as to extend
equal andfull protection to the lives, liberties, and proper-
ty ofits citizens, and to elevate them in the scale of intelli-
gence and morality. Let such be the doctrines and such
the practice of our government, and. his word for it, the
area of freedom will be extended as rapidly as the condition
of mankind will justify.
But he would pass now to another topic. The annexa-
tion of Texas would provide a defence for New Orleans.
The measure was indispensable to the security of Louisi-
ana, and especially of the city of New Orleans. And
whence this newborn 7.eal for the military defences ofNew
Orleans. At the last session Mr. B. had tried to get the
works at Fort Livingston completed, and in urging that meas-
ure he had stated to the Senate that the city of New Or-
leans was at the mercy of any powerful maritime enemy,
unless the works at that point were finished. But the ap-
peal had no effect. If you really wish to provide for the de-
fence ofNew Orleans, I will suggest a very simple but most
effectual plan: fortify Key West and the Dry Tortugas;
complete the navy-yard and fortifications at Pensacola;
build up your navy-yard at Memphis; complete Fort Liv-
ingston and the other military works now being construct-
ed m Louisiana, and New Orleans may then be successfully
defended, but not till then. "Without detaining the Senate
on the details of this subject, he would say that this argu-
ment for annexation had already been satisfactorily answer-
ed by the very distinguished gentleman who had first prop-
agated it. In every letter which General Jackson had late-
ly written, he had always dwelt on that idea; he had over
and over declared that with Texas in the Union and the Rio
del Norte as our western boundary, we should have a natu-
ral defence, a territorial fortification behind which we might
defy the world. Mr. B would content himself with reading
to the Senate an extract from Gen. Jackson famous letter to
Mr. Monroe in 1S20:
"1 am clearly of your opinion that, for the present, we
ought to be content with the Flondas—fortify them, con-
centrate our population, confine our frontier to proper lim-
its, until onrcountry, to those limits, is filled withadense
population. It is the denseness of our population that gives
strength and security to our frontier. "VV ith the Floridas in
our possession, our fortifications completed. Orleans, the
great emporium of the "West, is secure. The Floridas in
possession of a foreign power, you can be invaded, your for-
tifications turned, the Mississippi reached, and the lower
country reduced. From Texas an invading enemy will never
attempt such an enterprise. Ifhe does, notwithstanding all
that has been said and asserted on the floor of Congress on
this subject, I will vouch that the invader will pay for his
temerity "
To all this he said it was true that any foreign force at-
tempting to approach New Orleans through Texas must of
necessity be overthrown and captured there. By the au-
thority of General Jackson himself—an authority which
no democrat, he knew, would question—he proved that
Texas was not accessary to the defence of Louisiana.
To pass to another ground. Theiedidat hist exist great
anxiety in Louisiana, because it was "then said, and the as-
sertion had been reiterated since that unless we admitted
Texas, or interposed the broad shield of our protection over
her, England would either colonive her, or would gain
such an ascendency there as would inevitably render her an
unsafe and troublesome neighbor. Bnt, from the first asser-
tion ol this doctrine to the present hour, not one iota oi au-
thentic testimony had been adduced to prove that there was
anv lust ground to suspect such a design on the part of
Great Britain. He should not trouble the Senate by again
referring to the coerespondence, which had been submitted
to the Senate at the last session, between Mr. Everett and
Lord Aberdeen, and Mr. Calhoun and Mr. Pakenham Sul-
fite e it to say that England had publicly and oiVcjallv die-
avowed all purpose of interference in the domestic afiairs
of the Texian people.
As to her taking it as a colony, the idea was ridiculous.
Of what value would it be to hei ? And, if it were of value,
would she take it at a n«k of a war with us? Wou.d she
be compensated for the loss of her present market in the
United States by the acquisition of Texas as a cotton-grow-
ing colony, or by the market there? Mr. B was not to 1 e
frightened by bugaboos; be. was in the habit of lookin°.at
thirds as they were, and offacing danger when it came. Oh.
but iTGreat Britain denied any design of mteifering m the do-
mestic concerns of Texas, had she not avowed her desire
to see slnverv abolished throughout the world* And were
we not going to prevent her from holding such a wicked
desne? XiT. B., in reply, would beg leave to put a ca^e
which he thought very happily demonstrated the folly ol
qucli doctrine. We all remember that in 1S3< and 183b,
the Car.adas were 111 a state ofrjuasi revolt, and that m„ny ot
our people went; across the lines, and aided and /•"•op-
erated with the rebels A proclamation was issued oy our
eoieminent, forbidding all such interference; and, it .\,r.
§ remembered ansht, the forces of the United States were
stationed upon the boundary line tn enforce neutrality on
our Sen" Now, suppose the British -Minister, under in-
ctrnetions f^om his government, hod addressed a note to the
Amer^ of state,'demanding of him to say,
categorically, whether this government did or aid no per-
mitilsciti ens to eo and assist the revolters in Canada, or
interiere lnlmv manner in the existing war I et« v „ Great
Britian and hei colony, and suppose that the American min-
ister should very promptly reply that we had no. authomed
any 4h cou.ser that we did not mtend to interfere m
the domestic concorns of Canada, but, on the contrary;, had
used all the exertions m our power to prevent the inter,
meddling of which the British government complained; but
that he should add. at the close of his note, that it was clue
to candor to say that we .should he pleased to see republi-
can institutions established in Canada ^ throughout the
world he put it to gentlemen to say whether such a com-
munication would present just cause of offence to
whether the mere utterance of an abstract principle, or the
expression of a general wish like that, would be a sufficient
pretext for making war? Yet the case-would only be par-
allel to this of Texas "We had called upon England to say
whether she intended to interfere with the design of bring-
ing about abolition in Texas. The British minister replied
in the negative; had assured the American minister that the
British government had no purpose of meddling in the do-
mestic concerns of Texas, but had added that he owed it to
candor to say that it would be very gratifying to the British
government to see slavery abolished throughout the world.
Some of the Texas gentlemen ought certainly not to ob-
ject to this, because it furnished them with an opportunity
of making an excellent speech for the North. He might set
out with professing his great horror in respect to domestic
slavery, but at the same time declare his intention to abide
by the compromises of the constitution;, and then, in the
close, he might add that it would be very'gratifying to him
to see slavery abolished throughout the world.
An honorable senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. "Wood-
bury,J in a speech made by him last session, when the Sen-
a-e was in secret session, had deciared, in the overflow of
his philanthropy, his ardent desire to see the whole world
included within the area of freedom*, and then he went on
to say that he should not undertake to defend slavery, but,
on the contrary, would rejoice to see it abolished through-
out the world. None could be more enlightened with such
aresultthan he, expressing himself substantially in the lan-
guage of the British minister. So gentlemen from Illinois
and Pennsylvan a all said that the effect of annexation
would ultimately be to abolish slavery. This, he presumed,
was an argument which they intended should have great
effect at home. The same argument employed at the South
would not, he presumed, make very many converts, inas-
much as the people of the South advocated this measure
precisely and mainly because it would strengthen and per-
petuate the interests of slavery. For his own part, Mr. B.
did notbeliev e that it would have any such effect, any more
than he believed that it would insure the military defence
of New Orleans. His own belief was, that its effect would
be rather to weaken the South than otherwise. Mr. B , how-
ever, w ould do the gentleman from New Hampshire the jus-
tice to say that he had at the same time declared that he
would stand by the compromises of the constitution at all
hazards. What senator or what representative had, in the
discussion of this question, said otherwise'' Mr B. had
never heard any man. whether he came fi om down East or
up North, speak on the subject at all that did not avow the
same determination. Wherein then did the senators? from
New Hampshire, from Illinois, and from Pennsylvania, who
were all advocates of annexation, diflei from those who op-
posed it? They all professed that, in the abstract, they
were against slavery as an evil, both political and social,
but they were all ready to spill the last drop of their
blood in defence of the compromises of the constitu-
tion. Mr. B. would undertake to say that no democrat-
ic senator from a n^n-slaveholding State would be found a
firmer friend to the South than his friend before him, [Mr.
Batk£,] or any other whig senator from the North who op-
posed this bill. They were all ready to abide by the com-
promises of the constitution. So were the people every-
where. The great masses of the community m the non-
slaveholding States were all true to the constitution. Mr.
B. had travelled much among them; he had associated with
the most intelligent gentlemen in all the northern States,
and he owed it to truth to say, it was no more than a simple
act of justice to declare, that he believed the non-slavehold-
ing States werejnst as much attached to the Union as their
slaveholding brethren, and would no sooner consent to
abolish the compromises on w hich it rented than they. He
was no believer m the charges so lavishly made to the con-
trary. And, further, he would say that these accusations
were not only untrue, but were propagated by some who
knew them to be untrue, and who employed them only as
means to stir up prejudices and animosities, on which they
themselves may ride into office. Yes, he believed there
were men in the South who, for the sake of getting elected
into any office, would say that every man in all the North
was a violent abolitionist, and ready to bum down every
cottage in the southern States, and set the slaves to massa-
cre their masters There were fanatics at the South as well
as at the North. He believed that the abolition party, right-
ly so called, was very small; its leaders were fanatical, self-
ish, ambitious, and Very wicked men, pnd merited the se-
verest punishment sanctioned by Lynch's code. The par-
ty, as such, aimed at objects which never could be accom-
plished. It was denounced, despised, and condemned by all
other parties at the North, and was quite as much abhorred
by intelligent northern men, whether wings or democrats,
as it could be by anybody in the South.
But the fourth proposition urged in favor of annexation
was, that Texas, when received into the Union, w ould fur-
nish' a market for the manufactures of the North and the
stock and produce of the West. A more preposterous posi-
tion could scarcely be taken. Suppose that hundreds of
Virginians and thousands of Carolinians should go to Tex-
as, (for the countrj of course must be peopled from the
United States:) they would consume no more, they would
not consume ho much of northern manufactures as they diu
now. They would then be the inhabitants of a new com-
tn , where they w ould enjoy comparatively but few of the
luxuries of life. Suppose the additional population to
amount to a hundred thousand, who now consumed four
hundred thousand dollars worth of northern manufactures:
when they removed into Texas, so great would be the
change of their condition and climate that they would not
consume more than fifty thousand dollars worth. The cli-
mate was mild end uniform, and during a great part of the
5 ear all a man wanted for outdoor wear was a hunting shirt
Manv a man who now dressed himself m the finest broad-
cloth would then v\ ear nothing but a shirt and moccasins,
while many a lady who could not go out of doors without
the most costly millinery from Paris would content her-
self with a dress ol figured cotton. He now warned all per-
sons at the North that if they made their calculations on
any thine- difi'erent from this, they would find themselves de-
ceived. °They would have to send their goods to customers
two thousand miles further ofi'— customeis who would con-
sume twenty-five cents worth of goods where'they now con-
sumed a dollar's worth; and, another thing not to be for-
