Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
399
28th Cong 2d Sess
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Huntington.
Senate.
to provide for adding foreign States to the Union, inasmuch
as the extent of the then limits of the United States, it was
feared, might be an impediment to the successful operation
of the new government. And hence it is, that the acquisi-
tion of other territory to constitute a part of the Union,
jnustbe made (if made at all) by that power alone which
can make contracts with foreign nations—the treaty making
power—and to the exercise of Inch the concurrence of
two-thirds of the Senate is made necessary.
i proceed now to cali the attention of the Senate to an-
other argument showing that th#> pow er of Congress does
not extend to the subject of this resolution It is admitted
by the advocates of the power that it is competent for the
treaty-making power to acquire foreign territory. This
indeed could not well be denied hv them after the admission
that Louisiana and Florida were constitutionally acquired;
for those acquisitions wpre by treaty.
Now, I take leave to say that the power to annex foreign
territory by treaty, and the power to admit New States into
the Union Ly an act of Congress, are not concurrent, but
distinct powers. Lach is independent of the other, and
neither can exercise both, nor can one exorcise the au-
thority conferred on the other. The one acquires territory;
the other admits States. 'L his is evident from the fact that
the one can be executed only by the President and two-
thirds of the members of the Senate who are present, and
the other may be exercised by a bare majority of both
Houses of Congress. To hold these powers to be concur-
rent seems to me to be an absurdity. We cannot obtain the
smallest strip of foreign soil without the concurrence of
two-thirds of the Senate, while it is claimed that a majority
of Congress can admit into the Union a foreign State as
large as the Russian empire. If, then, the treaty-making
power alone can acquire and annex foreign territory, the
question is presented, does this joint resolution provide for
the eventual acquisition or annexation of Texas by force of
legislative authority alone, so iar as the United States is
concerned1 Certainly it does. It proposes to admit the
State of Texas into the Union upon certain conditions.
Consequently it provides for her annexation to the United
States; forTexas, without territory, has no existence. A
government without territory or people is an anomaly. If,
by force of this resolution, and the subsequent action of
Congress, Texas be constitutionally admitted, she is of
course annexed. If it pass, Texas may become hereafter a
part of the United States as much as any State already in the
Union. She comes under our jurisdiction, and we obtain
both her territory and her people. While, therefore, we
can acquire territory only by the exercise of the treaty
power, we virtually acquire it by legislative authority, in
the form of admitting a new State into the Union. Here is
practically a conflict of powers, the result of the new doc-
trines of the present day, and of departing from the just and
well-established rule that the construction of the constitu-
tion is to be made with reference to the whole instrument,
and to be &uch as to give effect to allot its provisions, so
that there shall be no collision or conflict between different
portions of it This rule is applied in its full force by those
who deny that the constitution authorizes Congress to pass
this resolution. It leaves to the treaty power the exercise
of its proper function—that of acquiring territory; and to the
legislative power its appropriate function—that of admitting
luto the Union as a State when thus constitutionally acquir-
ed In this way full eflect is given to the different powers
conferred, and such an interpretations given to the instru-
ment as to pre>er\e the haimony of its different parts.
This resolution asserts the existence of ru al powers dis-
tuibs the harmony which ought to be'maintained, and pro-
duces divisions, perplexities, and collisions.
But, Mr. President, before I pioceedfurther in alluding to
other anwers which may be given to the new interpretation
of the constitution on which this resolution is founded, I
desire to devote a few moments to the consideration of the
clause relating to the admission of new States in the light of
the literal meaning which has been insisted on, and I think
I shall be able to show that this course of argument will
lead to consequences not foreseen by my friend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Buchanan,] v. ho has so ably urged it, and
that he will be forced to abandon it. I pass over the good
old rule that the object of the framers of an instrument
should be carried into effect, and tlwt, to ascertain it, ref-
erence may be had, as m the case of statutes, to the old law,
(the mischief and the remedy ) and to contemporaneous his-
tory and exposition. I will consider the clause in the light
of a literal interpretation. It is insisted that the language
is so plain and clear that it neither demands, authorizes,
nor admits of construction "New States may be admitted
by the Congress into this Union " These are the words.
They necessarily imply, it is sold, full authority to admit
other States into the Union, wherever they may be, and
whatever may be the character, color, language, habits, or
customs of the people. There is no restriction upon the
power, no need of construction to give a meaning to the
words. Let us now consider the different parts of this
sentence, and see whether they do not require mterpreta-
tion.
"New States may be admitted," &c. What is anew State?
The term new, literally understood, is the converse of the
term old. It means a State which is not old. or has had no
previous existence as a State. The expression is not, other
States maybe admitted, which was moved by Mr. Sherman
in the convention, but not adopted. It is new States. Now,
if the word is to have one of its liteial meanings given to it,
which is a State not previously existing in an organized
form, then Texas cannot be admitted, for she is an old State,
and has existed for many years as an independent State or
nation, and been recognised and acknowledged as such. In
reply to this, will the senator from Pennsylvania say that
the word "new" is to be understood with reference to the
admission of a State into and its consequent connection
with the Union, that it means a State not previously form-
ing apart of our confederacy, but afterwards admitted as a
new member! "Will he say this' And this he must say, or
this resolution cannot be entertained. If lie does, then he
at once abandon* the literal meaning, and stpps into the re-
gion of construction He abandons the form of expression ,
and looks to the substance. He inquires what was the ob-
ject of the clause* He ascertains that it was to extend the
limits of the Union by adding other States to it, and this he
Ismim by reference to o&er parts of the instraneat, and t«
contemporaneous history and exposition, and thus by con-
struction he applies a meaning to the word variant from
what he supposes to be its liteial meaning, to carry into ef-
fect the spirit and object of the clause. In the construction
which I give to the clause I do not go so far as this. I adopt
one which is m perfect harmony with the words, while it
promotes the object designed to be attained. I appeal, then,
to the senator, and ask him whether he can proceed a single
step with this resolution without consulting the spirit in-
stead of being confined to the letter of the clause, and with-
out interpreting that which he said did not need interpreta-
tion? And what would become of the resolution if he
should adhere to the rule of literal interpretation?
"New States may be admitted." What is a State? The
senator has read a definition of one from Vattel, and which
embraced Texas. It is a body or society of men associated
or united together for the purpose of promoting their mu-
tual safety and advantage, and the inhabitants of Texas are
so associated. But all States are not alike in their associa-
tions and form of government. Can any State, with any
form of government, be admitted into the Union? A literal
interpretation of the clause would justify it. The power is
general: new States, not some new States, to the exclusion
of others. Will my friend from Pennsylvania say that it is
only such States as adopt a republican form of government
and submit to the provisions of our constitution which can
be admitted'' Whence does he derive the authority for such
an interpretation? It is not the literal meaning of the
words: he obtains it from other parts of the constitution,
from its general spirit and meaning. This, however, is
censtruction—liberal construction. It is, indeed, a correct
construction, but made at the expense of the rule suggested
by him, and as he understands it, that that which needs no
interpretation should not be interpreted. There is a further
difficulty in applying the strict rule of literal interpretation
to the word "State," as here used. The Supreme Court
have decided that it is not to be understood as explained by
the writers on the law of nations; that the definition or
meaning of the word "State," as given by them, is inappli-
cable to the ^States of this Union under our constitution.
Hence it becomes a proper subject of inquiry, what is to be
understood by the word "State." as used in this clause?
For this purpose reference may and ought to be had to the
whole instrament, its objects and spirit, <ind to other parts
of it where the word State is to be found, and thus a mean-
ing be given by fair and legitimate construction, without
being confined to the letter of the clause. Have the oppo-
nents of this resolution insisicd upon any other rule to as-
certain the true meaning of this clause of the constitution?
And the friends of the resolution are of necessity compelled
to adopt the same rule.
New States maybe "admitted." What is the meaning to
be given to the word admitted? It has several meanings—
sucn as, received, erected, formed, and many others. In
what sense is it to be understood here1 That is matter of
construction—not of literal interpretation. It is to be so
understood as to effectuate the object designed to be at-
tained. And that, in my judgment, will be best accom-
plished by considering the word as synonymous with the
subsequent words in the same clause, "formed or erected."
The clause begins, "new States may be admitted by the
Congress into this Union, but no new State shall be formed
or elected within the jurisdiction o( any other State," &c.
The same word "new"5 is used in reference both to the ad-
mission and the iormation and erection of new States, and
the power to admit ond to erect and form is applied to all
the new States The words, consequently, are to have the
same interpretation, and therefore we say with propriety
that Iowa and Florida ask for admission into the Union, and
bills are now pending to authorize new States to be formed
and erected out of these territories, and to be admitted as
States into the Union. Here again we resort to the rules of
construction and apply them to this word in the clause.
New States may be admitted into this "Union." Is there
no room for construction here7 The senator fiom Pennsyl-
vania says we must adhere to the letter, and therefore by
force of this clause Congress may admit any foreign nation,
in any part of the world, which shall adopt a republican
form of government, and when admitted it will lawfully be
"in the Union." But the senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Hendfijson,] who advocates the passage of this resolution,
is startled at this literal interpretation; he feels himself so
pressed by the conscquences which may result from the
exercise of such an unlimited power, that he confines it to
territory conterminous with that of the United States, and
he at once enters within the precincts of construction.
While the senator from Pennsylvania insists that any State
having a republican form of government may be admitted
into the Union, the senator from Mississippi confines it to
conterminous States. And how is it to be ascertained
which interpretation is the correct one? By applying to
both the ordinary rules of construction established to ascer-
tain the true meaning of the words used, and by then deter-
mining what is the true interpretation.
I have referred to these several parts of the clause of the
constitution, in connection with the literal interpretation
given to them by the friends of legislative annexation, for
the purpose of showing how entirely fruitless is the at-
tempt to give them such an interpretation, and that every
part requires construction according to established rules,
in order to arrive at the true meaning; that the literal mean-
ing affixed to this clause would be subversive of its spirit
and design, and would lead to inextricable difficulties; and
that it is as true now as it was in 1816, before the acquisi-
tion of Texas had been thought of, that "all grants of pow-
er under the constitution must be controlled by the instru-
ment, and must assume that form which the constitution has
imposed."
The senator from Maryland [Mr. Mlrrjck] has asked,
with somewhat of an air of triumph,has not Congress pow-
er to regulate commerce with foreign nations' And, if so,
may it not make a contract or stipulation with them as to
commercial intercom se? Certainly Congress may regulate
commerce with foreign nations, but not necessarily in every
form This power is indeed expressed in general terms;
but like every other power, it is to be made subordinate to,
and'to harmonize with, other express powers m the consti-
tution Congress has power to "establish post offices and
post roads." This grant is, in terms, unlimited; but can
, Congress, by U? establish mh o&ces mi
in Russia? Congress has power "to raise and support ar-
mies,"and "to provide and maintain a navy." Under this
grant can they support foreign armies and navies? No such
exercise of the power will be claimed; and yet it is quite
obvious that a literal interpretation of the words would
give strong support to such a claim. But, departing from
the letter, wo look to the intent with which the power was
created; we apply a familiar rule of construction to the
clauses; we ascertain the object of the grant ot the powers;
we find that the constitution was ordained for the United
States, and the powers contained in it were conferred for
the benefit of the people of the United States and their pos-
terity , and thus are authorized and required to put a limita-
tion on what, in words, are absolute and unlimited powers.
For the same reason, and applying the same rules, the same
result follows in construing the powergiven to Congress to
admit new States into the Union. A necessary and proper
limitation is given to what might, when viewed in the light
of the words only which are employed, be deemed a power
without limit or control.
The argument in favor of the limitation of the power to
admit new States, to territory previously and by lawful au-
thority acquired, will derive additional strength by refer-
ence to other power given in the constitution. If the words
are to be taken literally and without regard to the whole in-
strument—if they are to be understood, as it is said, accord-
ing to their ordinary acceptation and irrespective of the just
rule which requires them to be understood in such a &cnse
that all parts of the instrument may stand well together and
have full effect given to them, let us see to what conse-
quences such an interpretation will lead when applied to
other express poweis contained in the same constitution.
"Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, du-
ties, imposts, and excises." This is general; a more unlimit-
ed power can hardly be found m any part of the constitution.
And yet Congress cannot lay duties on exports; and why
cannot they do it? Because another clause in the constitu-
tion declares that "no tax or duty shall be laid on articles
exported from any State."
In this instance is seen the necessity of abandoning literal
interpretation and resorting to the whole instrument to as-
certain the extent of the power granted, and thus to limit
what might otherwise be considered an unlimited powei.
So also it is provided that Congress "may raise and support
armies." To this power there is annexed no limitation. It
is absolute and without any restriction, and yet the support
is to be furnished in the forms prescribed by the constitu-
tion. The money in the treasury may be applied to xaise
and maintain them, but it cannot be so applied unless it is
drawn from the treasury "in consequence of appropriations
made by law." Reierence might be made to a variety of
other powers enumerated in the constitution, in which the
language is general, but which are made subject to limita-
tion in consequence of other provisions in the same instru-
ment. It is needless, however, to multiply them. They
are all subject to the rule that "all grants ot power under
the constitution must be controlled by the instrument."
"The limits imposed by the general terms which aie iomid
in it ought to be the result of the sound construction of the
instrument." Nothing can be more reasonable than the ap-
plication oi these principles to the power given to admit
new States. This I intend to do in a subsequent part ot this
discussion. For the present I content myself with one or
two illustrations applicable to this precise power. "New
States may be admitted." Undei this general giant of j.ow-
er can a new State be received into the Union which has not
a i opulation equal to the rates established by k\y for the
States already in the Union, if Texas can be admitted by
legislative act alone, previous to its acquisition by the trea-
ty-making power, can she be admitted if her w hole popula-
tion should not amount to ten thousand7 Can new States
be admitted at the pleasure of Congress without regard to
their federal numbers? This surely will not be claimed.
And why must she have the requisite population? Because
another section ot the constitution provides that "represent-
atives and direct taxes bhall be apportioned among the seve-
ral States which may be included within this Lnion accord-
ing to their respective numbers, and the number of repre-
sentatives shall not exceed one for every thirty thousand."
The power to admit is, therefore, limited to such States as
have the requisite lederal numbers, otherwise the grossest
inequality might exist and all the balances ot the constitu-
tion be destioyed by the unlimited exercise of the authority
to admit nc w States. So also it is provided that each State
shall ha\e two senators; but this is controlled by a subse-
quent provision which declares that no peison shall be a
senator who shall not have attained to the age ot thirty
vears It seems to me, therefore, that nothing can be more
clear than that, m determining the extent oi the power to
admit new States, reierence is to be had to every word and
sentence of the whole instrument which may aid in ascer-
taining that extent: that the literal interpretation is to yield,
if necessary, to that construction which gives full force to
all its provisions—that effect is to be given to all its parts,
and that the power in question, like all other powers, is to
be controlled by the general scope and provisions of the en-
tire instrument. Applying this rule, the constitution as a
whole is maintained, all its provisions harmonize; all its
different parts constitute one united harmonious whole.
By limiting the authority to admit new States to territory
acquired independent ol the action of Congress, the powers
of the executive and of the legislature are maintained Lach
exercises its constitutional functions without collision, and
the result is accomplished by the appropriate action of each
dTfathese"views are correct, and these are legitimate rules
of construction, it must be admitted that the clause of the
constitution which conleis the power on Congress to admit
new States is not necessarily unlimited, but is to be subject-
ed to the control of other clauses, in such a manner as that
all may have full eflect given to them, I proceed, then to
inquire whether the power attempted to be exercised by
means of this resolution is consistent with other clear and
explicit provisions in the same instrument! And I think it can
be shown that it is indirect conflict with them, and there-
fore that the resolution has no constitutional basis on
■which to rest, and ought to be rejected.
This resolution violates that clause of the constitution
■which declares that "no person shall be a senator who shall
not b v« Seoa rune >•««* a citizen of tho United Statss,**
