Jan. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
•28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Collamer.
H. of Reps.
cannot be accounted for on the ground of tariffs anil
temporary causes; for it has been almost uniform,
through ali such changes, for the whole fifty years,
as is shown by the decennial returns. No, sir, no;
slavery h not prosperity; and however unwilling
our southern gentlemen may he to look this subject'
in the lace, they will hardly be able to persuade us
to lake slaves ourselves, or to visit them on others.
I must acknowledge I was struck with some re-
marks from the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Holmes,] suggesting that, in the progress of
time, and at the known rate of increase, if slave ter-
ritory was kept limited, the slaves would become
too numerous, and convulsion must ensue; and,
against such result, he calls for help. This, sir,
looks like a gleam of returning reason. It has been
oflate years so constantly insisted, from that quar-
ter, that slavery was so great a blessing, one could
hardly suppose they could have too much. But I
wish to cast no reproach, nor turn a deaf ear to the
crv for assistance from imminent danger. Even
the Romans raised a loud cry for help when they
were caught by the Samnites in the Claudine forks.
But is this cause of apprehension well founded? Sir,
the convulsion of St. Domingo was only a child of
that great parent of political fanaticism, cruelty, and
blood, the French revolution. That is not the ter-
mination which the lessons of history teach us natu-
rally takes place with slavery, in all countries,
where the master and slave reside together, a period
arrives, m the progress of population, when the la-
bor of the slaves will not pay for raising and sup-
porting them. As masters approach this period,
one after another discovers this fact, and gradually
the chain of servitude becomes more and more re-
laxed, until rhe relation becomes gradually un-
known. The master, ceasing his exactions of val-
ueless labor, and, at the same time, neglecting
support, both are sought at large; and
so command and- obedience cease. This is
the utmost protracted limit of domestic slavery,
That point will arrive, at different periods, in differ-
ent parts, but cannot vary materially, if the slave
territory is not enlarged, as slaves are of easy trans-
poitation. Such must be the ultimate result, unless
it'is brought to some more humane, just, and sum-
m'ary close, by the acts of the masters themselves,
ill emancipation. Slavery must cease. It may be
temporarily palliated or excused, on the ground of
necessity. But that excuse cannot endure. Every
man 19 bound faithfully to exert himself to remove
that necessity. The voice of the world, the dic-
tates of the moral sense, that echo of the veice of
God within us, and even the Divine assurances, all
declare that slavery must cease; and no possiblepol-
icy 111 government, no transcendentalism in morals
or m politics, can prevent it. The inhabitants of
the slaveholding States, if they have any regard for
the dictates of humanity, the demands of justice, or
the rights of man, in relation to their slaves, and es-
pecially if there be any well-founded apprehension
of convulsion, as suggested by the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,] they should not
await the slow process of the extinguishment of
Ha very by having it worn out by necessity. They
should, as soon as" may be, fit their slaves by mor-
al and intellectual culture, for freedom, and grant it
to them, either by breaking at once their shackles,
and demanding therefor their giautude, and receiv-
their faithful services, for reasonable pay, or by
extending to them some seasonable course of safe,
certain, progressive, gradual emancipation.
But slavery i  nr,t,~~ in hit opinion, the whole, or
the pnnuiiafobiert of the South to be effected by
the annexation of Texas. T-xas is an indepen-
dent country, with a constitution of government
hke our own. The importation of staves fiom
any country but from this there is there pro-
hibited. It" is said to be a country, in soil and
climate, much better adapted to the_ productions
of slave labor than this. Now, it there were
really any well-grounded apprehension of such
a crisis, as suggested by the gentleman ''om
South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,] then why do they
not permit these two governments to remain as they
aie: Let the tiansportation of slaves follow the
course so invitingly opened before them, In 111s
state of thmgs, guarantying the independence 01
Texas, she will operate as a safety valve, constantly
open for the timely escape of slave population, by
sale and transportation. But with this our southern
brethren are no way content. They must have
Texas to take off the slaves, and, at the same time,
they insist on including it m the United States, so
that they shall all be still kept in our country. Such
pretensions are inconsistent and insincere, and lead
us to look for the true reason, which is this; the ac-
quisition of political power.
I do not blame southern gentlemen for attempting
to secure this object, especially when it is quite clear
it must be produced by votes from free States; but
I wish to have it clearly understood, that we may
all act with our eyes open.
It was a very natural inquiry, by the King of
France, when our minister was holding forth the
peculiar views of our secretary on the necessity of
preventing England executing what he considered
her diabolical views of procuring the abolition of
slavery in Texas, to ask why we would not be
willing to have the independence of Texas guaran-
tied. The secretary commends our minister's dis-
creet answer, but we are not informed what it was.
It undoubtedly evaded a direct answer; for such an
answer would have been, if true, this: We must an-
nex Texas to the South as slave territory to make
States, from time to time, to give political preponder-
ance to the South, at least in the Senate, to clog and
prevent the North and free States from having that
weight and influence which their numbers and en-
terprise urould give. This is the main object, and
this must be produced by votes from free States.
Shall they be given? There is a great measure of
assurance in such a requisition being made by the
South upon the North and West. The South seems
to say, "we require of you to give security for your
good behavior." To do this we are duly requested
to give the political preponderance to the slavehold-
ing States, as being a much safer depository of pow-
er than ourselves.
To induce us to enter into this measure, a course
of argumentation is presented to us, which appears
to me as extraordinary and inconsistent as can well
be conceived. As a specimen of its character we
will recall some of its features.
When wishing to show that Mexico is without
cause of complaint if we annex Texas, we are as-
sured that Texas has not only declared, but lias fully
achieved her independence. That she is fully able
ever to sustain her national existence, and has such
resources of men and money as renders her ever-
lasting independence unquestionable. But when
this nation is to be urged to annexation, we are told
that Texas is in such a critical and feeble condition
that she must throw herself into the arms of Eng-
land at the first solicitation, and that, too, in order
to abolish slavery, when her separation from Mexi-
co was mainly to avoid that very abolition.
Last session we were urged to take Texas be-
cause England was about to take it, solely to abol-
ish slavery there, in order to wreak her enmity on
us, and destroy our prosperity, by inducing aboli-
tion here. Now, that humbug has wholly exploded;
and now we assured by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,] ex cathedra, that he has
advices from England that England is about to guar-
anty the independence of Texas, and guaranty
slavery therein. That, then, would be act of friend-
ship to the South, if the other was an act of enmity.
Oh, no; this last is now urged as being a cause for
still greater alarm, and demands immediate annexa-
tion.
At times our humanity is addressed, and we are
told of the barbarity and ciuelty of Mexico, and, to
stop til" effusion of blocJ, we should interfere. But
how should humane nations interfere between
others? Undoubtedly by kind offices, and by the.
influence of impartial and disinterested protestations.
But our humanity a'l becomes self-ag^r.mdizenipnt,
and our friendly interference is mere acquisition,
and, instead of settling the war between the con-
tending countries, we take one of them to^ourselves.
From the beginning to the end of this Texas busi-
ness the perpetuity of slavery has been presented as
its principal object, and yet we are told we ought
not to talk of slavery in this debate. Texas, then,
is to be annexed to furnish move room and better
soil, and more productive employment, for slave
labor. But, in the next breath, we are told that
slavery will be diminished by this operation-
diminished by increasing a demand for its labor,
and a high market for its numbers, and that market
brought within our own territory.
At one time we are informed that this Texas is to
be acquired, because it contains a large tract of
farming and grain-growing land, and will furnish
homes'for the sons of the West and JNorth, and
make three free States, while they utterly refuse to
a°ree to any proposition for any free States. At
the next breath we aie told that it is the finest cotton
and sugar country on the earth, and we should take
it, that the South may get cotton land, and the West
may have a vent there for their surplus provisions,
and the North be able to buy cotton cheaper than at
this time, and have it as a rival to the present cotton
growers.
If we do not take it, we are told, it will make a
treaty with England, will produce all the cotton and
grain for Europe, and destroy both the South and
West, and import all the manufactures for this
country, and so destroy the North. What a giant
and an anthropophagi, going through the land,
picking up the churches, eating the congregations,
and picking his teeth with the steeple. Sir, it will
be as productive, and be as much a competitor in
our hands as in the hands of any one.
Another argument is, that, by annexing States to
the Union, the manufacturing States are to obtain a
valuable market, and increase their customers and
consumers. Those consumers and customers will
all be made up from the people of the United States
and Hheir 'descendants, and will not'be increased
more tlianliy remaining where they now are. Those
consumers, if increased, would be tlic same, and
have the same interest, views, and feelings, as the
cotton growers of the South now generally entertain,
and we must expect from them the same course of
political action, and it is for that this project is prin-
cipally urged. What, then, is that course? It is to
despise all who labor—to consider labor all servitude,
and to take such course as to put all labor and labor-
ers, through the world, on the same level of degra-
dation. What encouragement or protection can man-
ufacturers expcct from those who hold all protective
tariffs unconstitutional? And what must be expected
to bethe result of annexing Texas, and filling it, as it
will be filled, with customers of that school of politi-
cal economy' They will be, to us, "ugly custom-
ers."
Such are some of the leading arguments addressed
to the representatives of the non-slaveholding States,
to induce them to vote for this measure; and it is
difficult to decide which most to ?admire, the assu-
rance and effrontery of the demand, the conclusive-
ness of the arguments, or the arrogance in the man-
ner of conducting the debate. But in order to judge
of the reliance which gentlemen place on the argu-
ments they use, we should always ascertain the esti-
mate which > put on the discernment of those to
whom the argument is addressed. Southern gentle-
men are as capable of presenting strong arguments,
if the subject will admit it, as any men, in this or
any "other country. When, therefore, they use
arguments so unfounded and contradictory, it dis-
closes their estimate of northern and western in-
tellect and integrity. This debate has, by a
laige proportion of the southern gentlemen,
boon conducted with much urbanity and courtesy
especially when we consider the nature of some of
the topics of discussion. But it has not been per-
mitted to proceed entirely in that manner. We
were invited into this debate; and how have we
been treated? It is now many years since a distin-
guished Southern gentleman gave to northern repre-
sentatives the name of "dough faces," and said,
"We have bought them before, and we can buy
them again when we want them—yes, dog cheap.
In the pi ogress of this debate, lest we might not
have a proper sense of our inferiority, we have been
informed by a gentleman from the South [Mr. 1 an-
cev] that the people north of Mason and Dixon's
line were distinguished only for the love of lucie
and the talent, of money-getting, and he pronounced
a high panegyric on southern character, which
seemed to gratify southern gentlemen. I shall make,
in reply no invidious comparisons; nor shall 1
speak either with sneer or contempt of people south
of that line. I do nit think meanly of them. Nei-
ther do 1 consider it would be good taste m a north-
ern man to express high admiration and pra.se of
northern character. I will say of northern talent,
virtue, and patriotism, as the man said of his reli-
gion, we have none to brag of. . . ,
I think we were not invited into this debate solely
for the purpose of interchanging views. I am led
to that conclusion from the uses which appear to
he mnkins of us. It was but a short tune after the
remarks of the gentleman from Alabama, which 1
have inst noticed, that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Dean] took occasion to say of the northern
people that they \?ere degenerate sons.
He also gave us to understand that the whig par-
tv were always opposed to the true interests of the
country; and it ought to be a sufficient reason for
sustaining any measure, merely to know that whigs
opposed it. There was one piece of intelligence
