404
APPENDIX ^6 th£ congressional globe.
Jan. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Collamer.
H. of Reps.
which that gentleman has given us, which, after
wnat he had before said, was as gratifying to us as
it was important to him: that is, that he is not a son
of New England. Therefore, I suppose, it is to
be concluded that he has not degenerated, but
that he really never was any better or wiser
than he is now. It is quite obvious what is the ob-
ject of this course. It is well known that mankind
are quite as much actuated by hatred and prejudice
as by reason and interest. If, therefore, the whigs
could be induced to speak, and especially, if north-
ern men would speak, they, the southern democ-
racy, could then arouse the hatred and prejudice of
the northern democracy and the West, sufficiently
to lead them, in the heat of their blind fury, to go
for Texas with all its enormities. Shall this suc-
ceed? A similar experiment has been made on us
by the President. He sent us a manifesto of Mexi-
can outrages and impudence, and then actually urges
us to do this act under the influence of exasperation.
Extraordinary successor to the cool, prudent, de-
liberate Washington.
My next objection consists in the principle of un-
limited foreign acquisition which this project adopts.
It is not to be confined to Texas; we are told we are
to "extend the area of freedom;" and bright visions
of glory are indulged by honorable members, even
"the kingdom of the Montezumas."
Sir, mankind will generally have as free a form of
government as they are fitted for, and it is seldom
any blessing to force on them any institutions from
abroad. When the French began their career of
political fanaticism and blood, under the cry of liber-
ty and equality, they issued their general invitation
of confraternity to the people of the world, inviting
them to throw off their governments and allegiance,
and run into the embrace of Francc and freedom.
What those suffered who embraced that, needs not
now to be repeated. It compelled a combination of
the world against France in self-defence, drove her
to a military despotism, and ultimately to a restora-
tion of her former dynasty. What are we about
doing but, substantially, issuing a new edition of
that proclamation. Encouraging provinces to throw
off allegiance—sending or permitting our people to
go and fight their battles—acknowledging their in-
dependence, and then inviting and receiving them to
our embrace; and we call this but enlarging the aiea
of freedom, and openly announce that we intend to
extend this operation without bound. Must not
this unite the world against us, and drive us to a
military government to defend ourselves and ad-
vance our glory?
But we are told that conquest and foreign acqui-
sition is not only the incident of sovereignty, but
has been the business and employment of nations,
in the history of the world; and we are exhorted to
enter now on the glorious career of national ag-
grandizement. I say now, first to enter on it; for
the acquisition of Louisiana was but obtaining the
Mississippi, without which our Union could not
have been preserved.
The practice of conquest and foreiga acquisition
was the vice of nations, the child of barbananism.
Men first ceased to rob each other, only next to
combine to rob some other people. Modern obser-
vation is teaching nations that foreign acquisition
and conquest is not national prosperity or security.
France preserved that policy until it sent her Em-
peror to die on a solitary rock in the Atlantic, and
she was reduced to her former limits. Spain ex-
tended her dominions, and depended on their riches,
neglecting for three centuries to improve her own
great internal resources, and what is she? What is
to be the ultimate consequence of British acquisition
cannot be told. The result will be long delayed by
their policy, which always holds them as colonies,
and never makes them integral parts of the home
empiie; and this colonial condition serves but to
improve the domestic industry and resources of the
mother country. That we can never do. It was
long the mistake of nations, and is still the view of
too many individuals amongst us, that the best
source of wealth and prosperity is in obtaining the
possessions of others, instead of industriously im-
proving our own. They seem to suppose that noth-
ing can be added to the wealth of one but what is
obtained from another. This, sir, is a fruitful parent
of errors. This nation, in all lft conditions, physical
and political, is best adapted to the policy of cul-
tivating the rrts of peace. Thus far, such has been
our policy, and now let it not be changed. With a
country extensive in area—with great variety of cli-
mate and fertility of soil—rich m all the resources
of national and individual prosperity—composed of
the older States, bound together by the ties of their
early waited struggle, and of the new States, their
common children—cherishing, with filial zeal the
remembrance of the early history of their parents,
and sending back their hearts to the battle-fields and
intrepid counsels of the parent States, let us proceed
to occupy and improve our own broad patrimony
with grateful industry, and not indulge in this covet-
ing of Naboth's vineyard.
Another objection I have to this proceeding is,
that by it our reputation for integrity and national
honor must suffer. Disguise this matter as we may,
the world will view it, that we (that is, Americans)
have gone to Texas, procured grants, occupied the
land, then revolted from the government, and we
have interfered, and instead of producing a settle-
ment, or acting with impartiality to these, compara-
tively, weak sisters, we have just taken that coun-
try to ourselves. Sir, we can find many examples.
That was the mode in which Rome made her con-
quests. It was by coming in to right some pretend-
ed wrong, existing in a country, and then adjoining
it to the empire. Such were the worst French in-
vasions of Holland and Spain. Such ever have been,
and still are, the infamous acquisitions in British
India; and such were even the Spanish conquests in
South America, with all their infamy. All these,
too, were done under the holy pretence of extending
and enlarging the area of their own excellent insti-
tutions. And such will be viewed to be the true
character of this process of cupidity and ambition
of ours.
But it is said, the result of the late presidential
elections shows that a majority of the people are in
favor of the annexation of Texas, and that is imper-
ative upon us. Sir, I entirely deny that the result
of that election shows a majority in favor of this
measure. Some gentlemen may know that it was
put in issue in their districts, and others as well
know itwas not so in theirs. Again, there were many
other points alss in issue, and it is utterly impossi-
ble to say 0-1 what point it turned. Indeed it is
perfectly certain it turned on no one point, and
therefore settled none. But the members from the
different States can best tell what are the views of
their different States. Clear it is, that New York,
without whose vote the election could not have been
made, is, by its vote, opposed to this measure. I
however cannot dismiss this point without there-
mark, that I protest against this mode of disposing
of this subject. It seems to be insisted, that what-
ever is done, or whoever does it, if it is in accord-
ance with the wish of a majority of the people, it is
right; and if the people, for any reason, electa man,
they approve whatever he has said or done, and all
is sanctified. It this be so, right and wrong have no
existence in legislation, and the constitution is no
check on the will of the majority, and is a useless
incumbrance.
It seems to be allowed, even by southern gentle-
men, that the people in the free States have a sort
of instinctive shrewdness as a bargain, and there-
fore they have proposed that we take Texas, and
divide it into free and slave territory. And what is
the line of division they propose? Why, the line of
thirty-six degrees and thirty minutes north latitude,
and that all south of that line shall be slave territo-
ry. Is it possible that any representative from a
free State can be imposed upon with such an offer?
Or can he gratify his southern friends with his vote
for it with the expectation that he can cajole and de-
ceive his constituents with such a bargain. Let him
return to his constituents, and say <{I did not
vote Texas to be admitted a slave territory.
I would not vote for it until a fair division was
made, and freedom was guarantied north the
division line. Let some one, then, ask him to
hold up this map of Texas and point out
that line, and tell where the free part is; and would
he not be ashamed to point out this miserable
modicum among the Rocky mountains, and then
to add that he agreed to the bargain with the con-
dition that the South should both mark the line,
and then take her own choice of her part? This is,
indeed, the old case of the white man's proposition
to the Indian for dividing their game: "I will take
the turkey, and you the buzzards, or you take the
buzzard, and I will the turkey." They don't talk
turkey to us, any.
But even if we should believe that this acquisition,
on these conditions, would advance our prosperity,
still, I think it cannot constitutionally be done by
Congress by an act of legislation. It is now pro-
posed to make Texas a part of this nation, Texas
consenting thereto. Some of the plans before us
propose, by legislation, to introduce into this gov-
ernment Texas by its consent as a territory. That
cannot constitutionally be done, because it is the ex-
ercise of an act of power alone to be done by treaty.
Other plans propose, by an act of legislation, to con-
stitute it a State of this Union, Texa3 thereto con-
senting. This I think equally inadmissible, be- "
cause it does the double act of bringing in territory
before mentioned, which is executive, and at the
same time making it a State in the Union, which is
a legislative act, exercised over territory not within
its jurisdiction.
The first project seems now to have few advocates
in this committee, it being so obviously unconstitu-
tional; but still it is necessary to examine when and
in what the objection consists,- in order to see
whether the other is not equally objectionable. In
order to the proper understanding of this subject, it
is necessary that certain terms, which we use,
should be defined, and certain general principles be
stated. I shall begin, then, with asking what is
meant by the term acquisition of territory or ex-
tension of territory. This, as I understand and
use it, in connection with this subject, does not
mean purchase or procuring title to land, so as to
become an owner of soil. It is used in a'civil and
national sense; that is, the obtaining of jurisdiction.
Pennsylvania, Kentucky, are within the territory;1
that is, they are within the jurisdiction of the Uni-
ted States. When Florida was obtained by treaty,
it was annexed to our territory, or brought within
the jurisdiction of the United States. This would
have been equally true, whether, at the time of the
treaty, we acquired title to ungranted land therein or
not; that is, it makes no difference whether there is
any title to land acquired by the treaty, or whether
the land had long before'been all granted to and oc-
cupied by individuals. Acquisition of territory,
then, is the bringing a country, or region, which has
heretofore been in the jurisdiction of another nation,
into our jurisdiction. Now, to what department of
our government does this power belong? Let this
be decided by the constitution, by its practical ap-
plication, and by the decisions and usages of the
government.
The distribution of powers to the different depart-
ments of this government is perfect and exclusive.
The same power can never be exercised, constitu-
tionally, by two departments at the same time; it
would involve utter conflict and confusion. It is
equally true, and equally obvious, that what is del-
egated as a substantive power to one department
must never be exercised by another, as contingent
or incidental to some other power, gianted to the
latter. Congress has power to raise and support an
army, and an army would be of little use without
officers, and therefore it might be ^insisted that Con-
gress has the incidental power to appoint officers to
the army. This, however, cannot be, because the
appointment of all officers is directly granted to the
President. The direct and substantive grant of
power must not be superseded by any constructive
or incidental power, otherwise the incidental pow-
ers of Congress would soon engulf and destroy all
the departments of the government.
It is notunfrequently necessary that the exercise
of the power of two departments of this government
is required to accomplish a measure. Congress has
power to regulate commerce with foreign nations.
This, however, does not authorize Congress to enter
into a commercial treaty -or compact. That can
only be done by the treaty-making power, and then
it would still require Congress, by legislation, to
enact laws to levy duties agreeable to the treaty, in
order to perfect the measure. But, in such cases,
neither can alone usurp and perform that which
belongs to the other.
Let us now inquire to what department of our
government does the acquisition of foreign territory,
or the bringingit within our jurisdiction, belong.
The obtaining of territory of a foreign nation, ex-
cept by conquest, must be by compact and mutual
consent. The consent and compact of any two na-
tions can only be expressed by the treaty-makmg
power. It is only by and through the treaty-ma-
king organs that nations can interchange thoughts,
and express and conclude compacts; and it is only
when their respective views assume this form of
treaty, that they have that binding force which can-
not, with impunity, be disregarded by either party
afterwards. This treaty-making power, in tins gov-
ernment, is expressly delegated to the President, to
be exercised with the consent of tvo^hmbi of the
Senate. It must be quite obviouy, theiefoie, that,
except in the case of conquest in war, th* power of
