406
28th Cong.... 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Henderson.
Feb, 1845,
Senate.
their limita, and ought to be reduced to their juris-
diction.
The first and second Congress, after the adoption
the constitution, was held at New York. In 1790
there was a proposal to remove to Philadelphia.
New York wanted northern votes, and then began
to open the way for the admission of Vermont.
The constitution required that no new State within
the jurisdiction of another should be admitted with-
out Us consent. New York passed an act appoint-
ing commissioners to settle with Vermont, and to-
express the consent of New York to its admission.
It was so done. Vermont paid New York thirty
thousand dollars, and the New York commission-
ers expressed to Congress the consent of New York,
and Vermont was admitted, precisely according to
the constitution, as a State, formed from another,
like Kentucky, Tennessee, and Maine, and not as a
foreign State. It is not material what Vermont
claimed to be. How did Congress recognise and
deal with her? Her independence had never been
acknowledged by any government, and she was
treated and admitted as made from a part of New
York. There is, therefore, no resemblance between
the cases of Vermont and Texas. Vermont was
within the limits of the United States, as defined by
the treaty of 1783, and she was admitted as made
from a part of New York, by her consent. To
create^any degree of resemblance it must be shown
that Texas was within our boundaries, and also that
her independence is acknowledged and consented to
by Mexico, from which she revolted.
It is, however, insisted that the proceedings in the
convention that formed the constitution furnish evi-
dence that this section was actually, at the time,
formed as it now stands with an intention to give
Congress the power to admit a foreign State. After
the most careful examination of that history, I hesi-
tate not to say that, in my opinion, that claim is en-
tirely unfounded. It is based solely on the ground
that this section underwent sucn alteration as can be
accounted for on no other reasonable supposition
but that the power now claimed was intended to be
granted. It would be a sufficient answer to this to
say, as the truth is, that the granting of such a pow-
er was never mentioned or suggested in the conven-
tion by a single member, at any stage of the discus-
sion; and if it has been given, it was an unintentional
and accidental result.
There were presented various plans, by different
gentlemen, each covering most of the great leading
features of a general plan of government, and most
containing a proposition as to new States. Amongst
them were those of Mr. Randolph, Mr. Patterson,
and others. After discussion, and in that discussion
not a word was said on the extent of this power, all
were committed to the committee of detail, and that
committee leduced them to form, and reported an
entire constitution, which the convention proceeded
to discuss and amend. Whenever any alteration or
amendment was proposed, the purpose and object
to he effected was fully stated and discussed. If
any change of phraseology was proposed, it is now
entirely unfair and inadmissible to hold that any
covert and sinister object was intended, or more or
different object was designed than the one then
avowed and discussed, and to effect and produce
which the change was professed to be offered, and
for which it was adopted. With these remarks, let
us proceed to inquire what was this section as it
stood in the report of the committee of detail, and
what was done, on discussion, afterwards; for noth-
ing was said on it before.
As reported by the committee of detail to the con-
vention, this section was in these words:
"New States', lawfully constituted and established within
the limits of the United States, may lawfully be admitted by
the legislature into this government-, but to such, admission
two-thirds of the members pi es^nt, in each House, shall be
necessary. II a new State shall arise within the limits of
any of the present States, the consent of the legislatures of
such States shall also be necessary to its admission. If the
admission be consented to, the new States shall be admitted
oil the same terms with the original States. But the legis-
lature may make conditions with the new States concerning
the public debt which shall then be subsisting/'
[0 Madi .on Papers, page 1241.
Now, by the express words of the first sentence,
this was confined to States within the then limits of
the country; and because these words were not pre-
served, it is now insisted that the power was intend-
ed to be enlarged. Let us inquire when and how
these were left out, and whether, when it was done,
auy such intent was stated, discussed, or even sug-
gested.
G. Morris moved to strike out the two last sen-
toncea, and he said "he cli4 not wish to bind down
the legislature to admit western States on the terms
here stated." This proposition was discussed and
adopted, and thus those two sentences were reject-
ed." (2 Madison's Papers, page 1457.)
It is herfe observable that the subject-matter there
understood was the western States in our territory.
Mr. Hi. Martin and Mr. Gr. Morris moved also to
strike out these words: "But to such admission the
consent of two-thirds of the members present shall
be necessary." (2 Mad. Papers, p. 1458.)
The proposition, so presented, was clear and dis-
tinct, and to one point; that is, to strike out the two-
thirds, and leave it to a majority. In order to try
this question, and before any vote was taken on it,
as some of the section had been rejected, and this
would still further mutilate the section, and would
require still more words to be struck out, to wit,
members c'present in each House," Mr. Morris
moved the following as a substitute for the whole
srticle:
"New States may be admitted by the legislature into the
Union; but no new State shall be created within the limits
of any of the present States, without the consent of the le-
gislature of such State."
The first part of this substitute, as far as the word
Union, was agreed to nem con., without one word
being said, (2 Mad. Papers, 2. 1459;) and the re-
mainder was agreed to-after a discussion, confined
entirely to the question whether the consent of the
State which might be divided should be required?
All the other alterations consisted in two things—
that is, the word limits was altered to juiisdictiony
and there was added the. clause as to new States
formed by the junction of two or more States; and
these were by common consent. So arranged, the
section now stands in our constitution. Now, I
ask, where did that expression, confining it, by ex-
press words, to the territory of this nation, disap-
pear? Was it dropped to create the unlimited pow-
er now contended for? Was such a thing ever sug-
gested? No, sir, no. It was dropped by Mr. Mor-
ris when he was drawing his substitute for entirely
another object, as I have from the history fully
shown. Clear to me it is that it was dropped as be-
ing mere useless surplusage of words, not necessary
to be inserted in every or in any article; for they
were making the whole for operation only within
our jurisdiction, or only "for the United States,"
as they had already stated in the commencement.
I have now presented all the views on this subject
the time limited to me will admit. It remains now
for the vote, and especially the vote of gentlemen
from the free States, to decide whether the constitu-
tion and the balance of political power now in the
hands of the free States shall be preserved.
SPEECH OF MR. HENDERSON,
OF MISSISSIPPI,
In Stnale, Ftbnun,, iO, 18D—On the resolution for the
'ixation of Texas.
The Senate bavin*, resumed the consideration of the joint
resolution from the House of Representatives for the annex-
ation of Texas—
Mr. HENDERSON addressed the Senate as follows:
When, within the year past, a measure was pending be-
fore this Senate, looking to the ultimate attainment bj the
preliminary intervention of the treaty power of the sanie^
object as that now proposed to be accomplished by the di-
xect action of the Congress, several of the honorable sen-
ators who then opposed the treaty, and were successful in
defeating it, did so clnefiy on the ground that, from the re-
lations of Texas to Mexico, and oi these United States to
Mexico, we could not ratify that treaty without a sacrifice
of out good faith and natioual integrity. I did not concur
in thoj>e objections then, and do not now. And as the same
facts still subsist, and the same relations now intervene
among the several parties as did then, I shall have occa-
sion before 1 sit down to show, if 1 can, that those objec-
tions were, and still are. fallacious and unfounded. But thus
far in this debate the objectors have made onlj a prelimina-
ry question of constitutional power.
The j'oint resolution before us proposes the assent of Con-
gress that Texas shall be admitted as a new State into this
Union. Our warrant for this resolution is the third sec-
tion of the fourth article of the constitution of the United
States, which reads: "New States may be admitted by the
Congress into this Union," Sec.
Our adversaries say this warrant is not not broad enough
—that its meaning is:
'"New States may be admitted by the Congress into this
Union, arising out of territory withm the United States "
These words, they insist, arc a necessary interpolation to
e\pound the text. That its corroct meaning is only pi op-
erly asceitained by adding these or equivalent words of
construction.
In vindication of this glossary upon the text, they appeal
with much confidence to the history of the times previous
to and contemporaneous with the adoption of the federal
constitution, and challenge us with equal triumph to the
journals of the federal convention m support of their views.
Having listened to their arguments and expositions, and
examined to the extent of my capacity the new lights they j
believe themselves to have derived from these sources t
am prepared to give it as my opinion that the friends'of
this measure have nothing to hazard from these investiga-
tions.
Mr. President, this question of admitting new States, or
rather new colonial confederates, took general possession of
the public mind soon after the breaking out of the revolu-
tion. The Canadas were earnestly expected to join us in
our early conflict with Great Britain. Accordingly, the
' eleventh article of the confederation of 1788 provided:
"Canada, acceding to this confederation, knd joining in
the measures of the United States, shall be admitted into
and entitled to all the advantages of this Union; but no other
colony shall be admitted into the same, unless such admis-
sion be agreed to by nine States.''
From this article, it seems that the then thirteen States
„ contemplated a probable union with other colonies besides
Canada; but as to such other colonies, they weie onlv to be
admitted by the concurrence of a two-thirds vote, 'it is to
be noted, too, that this contemplated t xtension of the con-
federation had no reference to oui western territories: but
that Justice Story, m his Commentaries, considers it had
reference to other British colonies. (Vol. 3, p. 184, section
1310.) Suffice it for the present to say that the language is
broad enough to extend to any adjacent colony; and the ar-
ticle demonstrates that there was no fastidious apprehen-
sions—no fear of contamination, by associating with other
colonies out of the United States, provided thejudgment of
two-thirds of the States approved tne association.
Peace ensued; the confederation still in force, and the
question of new States arising within the Ij nited States soon
obtained an absorbing attention with the public. The learn-
ed jurist before quoted says, and I believe rightly, "that the
eventual establishment of new States within the limits of
the Union seemsjo have been wholly overlooked by the
framers ofthe articles.of confederation. (Story's Com. 3d
vol. p. 184, sec. 1310.) And the honorable senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchanan] has well said, in this debate,
that at this period of our history the old thirteen States had
only provided for the admission of new States from out the
Union, and not from territory within the Union. Yet, re-
gardless oi the restraint or want of power under the con-
federation to admit new States from territory within the
Union,, the Congress of 1787, before the adoption of the
constitution of the United States, proceeded, by a majority
vote, to enact the celebrated ordinance ol 1787, by which
new States (not less than three) should be organized and ad-
mitted into the union of the confederation on an equal foot-
ing with the original States. This zeal in the northern and
eastern States was stimulated by the acquisition of territory
to the Union, in which they were to participate, from ces-
sions made principally by the southern States of the great
western wilds, which these States severally held as prop-
erty among them. One of the most profound jurists of
Massachusetts drew up this famous ordinance,and the north-
ern States generally supported it. I do not recur to this act,
Mr. President, for any purpose ol reproof. Mr. Madison then
considered the proceeding unwarranted by the powers con-
feiredin the articles of confederation; and Mr. Story solar
concurs as to justify it only-as an act incident to sovereign
power.—(3d vol. Story's C'-om. pp. 184. 135,186, sec. 1310,
1311,1312.) But I advert to it historically, to show that
northern States, or the old thirteen States, have not always
regarded the acquisition of territory, foreign or domestic,
with such holy horror; and that the northern States did not
on this occasion object to the acquisition unless acceded to
by the popular voice, nor did they even require a two-
thuds vote ofthe States in Congress to sanction it. Waiv-
ing, at least in this instance, those jealousies which on this
subject the honorable senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Choatk] supposes they have ever watchfully indulged:
pausing for a bnel survey of the state of public opinion at
this juncture of history, will it be easily believed that, when
these States met in 1787 to amend and supersede the federa-
ted government by the constitution of the United States,
this prominent subject was lightly regarded that the pio-
vision and objects ofthe confederation in this respect had
passed from the memory of the same generation that adopt-
ed both instruments within the period ol nine yeurs'
We pass to the journals of the convention of 17S7 On the
opening of this convention, Mr. Randolph, of Virginia, and
.Mr. Pinckney, of South Carolina, each introduced a skele-
ton proposition for a constitution of government On the
subject of New States, Mr. Randolph proposed ''that pro-
vision ought to be made for the admission of States lawful-
ly'arismg within the limits ofthe United States, whether,
&c —id vol. Madison Papers, p. 73-i.) Mr. Pinckney'rf
draft on the same subject wa : "The legislature shall
have powei to admit new States into the Union on the
same teims which the oiiginal States, pxovided two-thirds
of the members of both Houses agree'''—(2d vol Madison
Papers-, p 7 5.)
Both these propositions went before the Committee of the
Whole, and, after no little consideration of this and other
subjects, the whole matter was sent to a Committee of De-
tail to apportion and harmoni/e all the several subjects in
due form This committee, on the 6th of August, 1787, re-
ported a full draught ofthe constitution to the fuuhcr con-
sideration of the convention In this draft the section on
new States was presented in the following foim.
"Art. 17. New States, lawfully constituted or established
within the limits of the United States, may be admitted by
the legislature into this government; but to such admission
the consent of two-thirds ol the members present in each
House shall be necessary. If a new State shall arise w ithiii
the limits of any ot the pro&ent States, the consent ol the
legislatures of such StDtes shall be also necessary to its ad-
mission. If the admission be consented to, the new States
shall be admitted on the same teims with the original
States, but the legislature may make conditions with the
new States concerning the public debt which shall be then
subsisting.''-—(See the article, vol. 2. Madison Papers, p.
1210.)
ft will be observed, on the inspection of this article, that
in form, as presented, it had incorporated to a considerable
extent the views of both Mr. Randolph and Mr Pinckney;
and, first, it had provided only for die adniis&ion of new
States "lawfully constituted or established with the limits
of the United States;" secondly, it further required Uist,
