Feb. 1845.
28th Com, 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Henderson,
Senate.
iorthe <vi.illusion ot any new State, the consent of "two-
tiurds oi the ititfuiheis present in each House should be ae-
cts£dr\
Heie, iho.i v . •= a clo-ir and explicit expression of pur-
pose. m the ti '-iui preparation oi a committee of delail, 021
a subject wh ch had been well matured in committee oitbe
whole thut piciesits the two distinctive ideas which those
who oppo.e our it solution say are, m lact and substance,
jet mcoipoiated in the constitution by construction, to wit:
our objectors saj < ongies.- cannot admit a new State unless
jt was iauiully constituted within the limits of the United
States,v &econdi%, nor procure an admission of Texas into
the Union until wo can obtain a tvvo-thirds-vote of the States
in the Senate to {sanction it bv treaty.
All will ajif.- that, had the section remained as reported
above by tut committee of detail, there could have been no
question that lexas could not have been admitted in the
manner v\ e nuw piopo^e. But this article was not permit-
ted in this <-hap - to become a part ol the constitution. Was
it accidtnt or thoughtlessness' Were the convention for-
getful of w hat had bevn, ignorant and unconscious of what
the article so printed meant, or blind and careless of the
future, that tins article was changed and modified till it as-
sumed the Mnplt um estricted form m which we now find it
in the conOtuTi-n- and yet that these wise men were intent
on restraining <.ciigre>.s from admitting a new State, if aris-
iDg out oi the { 111011'
Mr. President the members of that convention were no
such bmtgltiis m conceiving a purpose, or of finding suita-
ble language m winch to express, it when conceived.
But here our objectors commence with explanations. The
article so report* d was soon afterwards assailed successful-
ly by Gouverneur Morris, one of the most shrewd and tal-
ented members ol that peculiarly talented assembly. And
the honorable senator irom Virginia [Mr. Rives} reports
Mr. Morns*> object xo have been to modify Mr. Randolph's
original resolution, \thich proposed the admission of new
States ."lawiuDy arising within the limits of the United
biates," without any saving clause in those cases where the
State should arise from within the territory of another State,
requiring m such case the consent of the State which claim-
ed the territory The honorable senator conceives Mr. Mor-
ns had di scuvered mischief concealed in these terms "law-
fully arising" unless restrained by further qualification,
and so desired the amendment, that the then querulous pre-
tensions oi Vermont for a separate State gov ernment against
the consent of New York (who claimed jurisdiction of her
territory) might not be considered as sanctioned and provi-
ded for. Put nothing can be more at fault than this expla-
nation. Mr. Randolph's proposition had been already su-
perseded by the distinct article, as before shown, reported by
the Committee of Detail. This article, on winch Mr. Mor-
ns commenced war. contained the provision that—
"It a new State shall arise within the limits of any of the
present States, the consent of the legislatures of such. States
shall be also necessary to its admission."
The honorable senator from Massachusetts, (Mr. Choate,]
m levelling the conclusion which we who support the meas-
ure bpfore Uc derive from this fact in the journals, (viz: that,
as it was distinctly proposed in the convention to limit the
power of <_ ongress to admission of new States into the
Union to such {States as should be ''lawfully constituted
within the limits of the United states," and this restriction
was rejected, it was meant the power should be broad and
unrestricted a-; it :■> expressed ) w as as confident as he was
eloquent that our conWu^.jon was wrong, because, as he
says, of the know n ho-tiie sentiments of Air. Morris to the
rising new States oi the We,?t, he would have been
ilie last man that would have proposed amendments
to facilitate the admission of new States into the
Union. He therefore concludes that Mr. Morris could
ntthave lntende-l, in hi* several amendments by which the
power wa; oxpr^-sjed and given in the form it is now found
in the constitution, to aid the tfvil he so much deprecated.
The honorable senator is undoubtedly right mthus deducing
what Mr. A.otns's motive* were not5 but, more cautious than
♦ho honorable senator nom Virginia, [Mr. Rivf.s,] he has not
attempted to show us> what Mr. Morns's motives in fact were.
This. .Mr Fresr't nt, J believe may be shown from the jour-
nals. Let it be observed, then, that several w eeks before, Mr.
Morris had exhausted his efforts to tie down with cords and
1 sanctions ofeoiomal disqualifications the new States which
were to an^e m the West. He had signally failed. Now, if
his fi« tliei motives were only to conserve the power of the old
Mates against the too easy admission of new western States,
or States ^rising in the Southwest without the Union, by
which the balance of pow er withm the northern Atlantic
dns great feat) would be overthrown, he had in the article
before him two pledges: 1st. that a new State from outside
thf Union could not be admitted at ail, and, 2dly, that those
^r^ing within the Union could not be admitted but by a
two thirds vote of each house. I admit, Mr. President, his
fast proposed amendment to the article, as reported by the
Committee of Detail seems to correspond well enough with
his hostile motives, of restraint upon the West. It was to
strikeout the Vm two sentences. This was done. And had
Mr Morris stopped there, the article, as to him, would have
remomed thus: '
"New State5-, lav. fully constituted or established within
the limits of the United "states, may be admitted by the le-
gislature into this government, but to such admission the
consent of two fhirds of the members present m each House
Mvall be necess.uj. If a new State shall arise within the
Inmts of any of the present States, the consent of the legisla-
tures of such States shall also be necessary to admission."
Now, according to the views of gentlemen, the article in
tins .shape v  as precisely what Mr. "Morris designed it should
be Bu  Mr Morm whs not satisfied. He next moved
(with T, Martin, of Maryland) to further strike out the fol-
lowing:
"But to such admission the consent of two-thirds of mem-
bers present shall be necessary."
Belore the question was taken, he moved an entire substi-
tute for the whole article, as follows:
"\Tew States may be admitted by the legislature into the
Union; but no new States shall be erected within the limits
n| g.ny ol the present States, without the consent of the le-
gislatures of such States, as well as of the general legisla-
The first part of this substitute—to wit, "New States may
be admitted by the legislature into the Union"—was first
agreed to unanimously. This clause, then, which had re-
jected the restriction "lawfully constituted or established
withm the limits of the United States," and had rejected
the requirement of a two-thirds vote, was agreed to, so
amended, and excluding these restrictions, unanimously,
lhe remainder of the substitute, after some debate, was also
agreed to, by a vote of six States to five. Now, what was
Mr. Morris's motive on this first clause, and what the views
and motives of the convention? Was their act without mo-
tive- Did they make these amendments without purpose or
design? Who is bold enough to challenge a congregation
of so much intellectual acuteness with the ignorance which
the acquirements of our objectors impute to them—that
they believed all this modification of the article wrought no
cnange in effect, and in truth meant nothing?
The journals on this amendment are wholly silent as to
the motives of any member of the convention, further than
their acts denote. But the previous course of Mr. Morris,
we think, fairly discloses what were most probably his.
Having failed m his restrictions upon the southwestern
States, he naturally looked for a further counterbalance to
the Atlantic States by acquisition of new States from the
northeast. But there was no territory in that quarter with-
in the limits of the United States, and hence he .struck out
that restriction. The northern States then had a majority
vote, as may be seen by the first apportionment in the consti-
tution, but they had not a two-thirds vote. He might rea-
sonably suppose, therefore, that their majority would con-
tinue to control the West and South, and would avail them
in the admission of new States from without the Union, in
the northeast, while a two-thirds majority would embarrass
them in this respect. Such appears to have been the proba-
ble motives of Mr. Morris; while all the States seemed wil-
ling to meet the anticipated results which the change con-
templated, and take their chance for consequences. The
change so made, we believe, was intentionally made, and
we now but avail ourselves of a clear power, expressly
given in the constitution, which authorizes the resolution
we this day support. For it will be observed, of course,
that the section as modified by the substitute of Mr. Morris,
is now that contained in the constitution, changed onJy in
some ol its words and phrases, retaining the same meaning,
by the committee on style and revision.
1 have no great confidence, Mr. Piesident, in eviscerating
the precise motives of all who in a popular assembly may
vote in favor of a resolution, beyond that which the lan-
guage of the measure voted for expresses or implies. Those
who speak upon it, if we yield them crcdence for what they
say, explain their own motives, and perhaps the motives of
no one else, who may nevertheless vote with them. The
acts upon the journal, of those who vote without explain-
ing their motive, are the best expositor The acts on the
journal upon this subject tell a plain story, andifitbenot
true it is not our fault. And these acts comport fairly (and
comport with no other explainable purpose) with the sec-
tion as we now read it in the constitution, and with the un-
restricted interpretation we give it.
Having thus, Mr. President, disposed of this view of the
subject, I shall notice some of the most prominent objec-
tions I have heard interposed to the exercise of the power
we assert by this resolution: derived, as the objectors say,
from the construction of the constitution upon its face.
Senators generally who oppose this resolution do so
chiefly on the ground that, if its objects are to be attained
at all, they should be attained by treaty; and several who
have spoken, treat the subject, in the form presented, as an
infraction of the treaty-making power, and not essentially
different from the objects proposed in the treaty belore us
at the last session. I have listened to these learned and in-
genious dissertations with an increased conviction that the
objections on this ground are fallacious and unfounded. It
seems to my apprehension that the treaty power and the
power of Congress to admit new States into the Union have
not been fairly examined, separate and apart from each
other; that their respective objects and ends have not been
fairly characterized, measured, and contrasted with each
other. Had this been done, it must have foreclosed the il-
logical conclusion that the resolution before us proposes
what would be more rightfully proposed by treaty - or that
it entrenches upon the province of the treaty power in any
constitutional sense whatever.
The constitution gives to the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, the power to make treaties.
No purpose of this power is specified—no ends or objects
enumerated. The power, however, has its restrictions be-
sides those presented by international law. These treaty
functions, like every other power, must conform to the lim-
itations of the constitution:
A power (says Justice Story) given by the constitution
cannot be construed to authorize a destruction of othei
powers given in the same instrument. It must be construed,
therefore, in subordination to it, and cannot supersede or
interfere with any other of its fundamental provisions.
Each is equally obligatory and of paramount authority
within its scope; and 110 one embraces a right to annihilate
another."—2d Story's Com., par. 1502, p. 355.
The treaty power, then, no more than any other, can
usurp even what are ordinarily, upon international princi-
ples, treaty functions, if those functions be lodged by our
constitution in another department Now. the. honorable sen-
ator fromVirginia [Mr. Rivks] readfiom the first bookofVat-
tel. section 193, that the subjection of a weaker sovereignty
to a more powerful one, for purposes of jirotection, was
matter of treaty—that terms were to be stipulated,
which were acts of compact and treaty; and on breach of
which the weaker nation might be remitted again to its sov-
ereignty. This was read to demonstrate that the proposed
act of admitting the new State of Texas into our Union was
the act of treaty. The first obvious answer to this posi-
tion is, suppose the act to be a treaty function, as assumed:
it is such a treaty function as, if it shall be exercised at all,
the power to exercise it is expressly §iven to Congress.
"Congress shall have the power to admit new States into
the Union." If this act, therefore, be .one of treaty power
in other nations, it is clearly ©ot a treaty power under our
constitution. The constitution, cm this matter of admitting
new States into the Unifcn, must be judged of by itself to
the extent for which it speaks for itself, and rules derived
from the law of nations cannot be invoked when the con-
stitution has prescribed rules to govern the case.
Vattel, on the subject of treaties, says:
"It is from the fundamental laws of each State that we
must learn where resides the authority that is capable of
contracting with validity in the name of the State.—Book
1 par. 154.
In the quotation from Vattel made by the senator from
Virginia, a discretion is contemplated by the parties treat-
ing, to make their terms as they can agree; and the writer
assumes, that on breach of the terms, of which the parties
are to judge for themselves, they are absolved fiomthe
compact. These rules were read as reasons by the honor-
able senator, to show the act we contemplate is an act of
treaty; and that the Congress could not accomplish it, be-
cause of the treaty terms and stipulations to be effected.
But is it not apparent, in the powers which Congress exer-
cise in admitting a new State into the Union, that, with few
exceptions, (and these uniformly prollered as conditions in
the act of admission, and not stipulations by treaty confer-
ence',) all the terms of such union are fixed in the constitu-
tion, and beyond all discretion. We cannot—and all the
departments of,the government concurring cannot—stipu-
late that a State admitted into this Union shall bear an un-
equal tax, shall be shorn of equal representation in Con-
gress, shall have a religious establishment, shall be de-
prived of the trial by jury, or anything else that puts the
State, by favor or prejudice, on an unequal footing with the
original States as to rights and duties guarantied and pre-
scribed m the constitution, nor make any such compact as
would permit the State to judge for itself of the infraction,
and to absolve itself for such cause from the compact.
There is nothing, then, whioh necessarily requires the
action of the treaty power. That Congress might direct
the appointment of commissioners to confer with Texas on
such incidental subjects as are extra and independent of the
fixed rights which attach to a State on becoming a member
of this Union, I have no reason to doubt. By section ten of
article one of the constitution of the United States. Congress
can authorize such convention with a State of the Union.
And in asserting its clear jurisdiction of admitting a State
into the Union, the constitution prescribes no form as to the
preliminaries. To this end, and subsidiary to the main ob-
ject, it may doubtless confer with the new State, by receiv-
ing or sending messages on the subject, as it may approve
or appoint.
But our opponents contend that to admit Texas as a State
into the Union is the acquisition of foreign terntory from a
foreign sovereignty; and in such case we supersede and en-
trench upon the treaty-making power, whose peculiar and
exclusive prerogative it is to confer? with foreign powers,
and especially to acquire foreign territory; and that, in the?e
respects, the present resolution proposes to accomplish the
same objects with the rejected treaty.
It has appeared to me. Mr. President, a singular omission
that no honorable senator, in waging these objections, J|as
deemed it of any importance to explain or to show usm
what sense our resolution contemplates the acquisition of
foreign territory. Of whom do we acquire territory* and
to whom is it acquiredf Texas, by the resolution, surren-
ders no territory; nor do the United States thereby acquire
any. I deny this assumption, Mr Provident, 011 the broad-
est grounds of distinction known to the law of nations, and
to the constitution ot the United States. "W hen the acqui-
sition of foreign teriitory and foreign provinces aie spoken
ofby writers on government and laws of nations, it is meant
the foreign province or terntory, both of property ami
dominion, is acquired to the prince or sovereign it is ex-
clusive oi the idea of union among States either of plenary
or qualified sovereignties, by league, alliance, or confed-
eration.
In the union of States, political dominion is accorded in
each case to the extent and upon the terms of the act of
union. In. the federal Union of the United States these
terms are substantially embodied in our constitution; and
those States which come into this Union must conform to
these terms, and are entitled to all the benefit and protection
winch they guaranty. A foreign territotj acquired is at
the discretion of the prince or t-overeign as to its govern-
ment and jurisprudence, its levies and contributions, its
protection and disposal The laws of nations impose some
restraints m protection of personal lights and private prop-
erty; the laws of the soveieign to whom the acquisition ap-
pertains, most usually interpose some others, but the pow-
er is ever, to a great extent, unqualified, and to few sover-
eignties is the power over an acquired territory more unre-
stricted (if not restricted m the acquisition) than by the sov-
ereignty of the United States.
Our constitution provides, "the Congie^s shall have pow-
er to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations
respecting the territory and other property belonging to the
United States," Sec.
Territory acquired by the United States is, therefore, sub-
ject to the most plenary power which it exercises by virtue
of its sovereignty in any case whatever. In virtue ot this
power, Congress may enact all the laws governing the terri-
tory, fix every right of piopeity, and establish every rela-
tion of life among the territorial inhabitants. Or it may de-
pute its legislative function to a governor, or to judges ot
the courts, or to a popular assembly. The Congress may
establish towns and cities in a territory, construct roads and
public buildings, create corporations generally, and pre-
scribe all civil and political rights But the cm/,ens of such
territory have only a subordinate udation as to political
rights in the federal government; and the Congress cannot
confer upon them the rights appertaining to citi/,ens of a
State. Such is the condition of terntory acquired to the
United States; and, until admitted as a State into the Union,
bepiv the anomalous relation which acquired territory usu-
ally bears to other sovereignties under the law of nations.—
(See 3 Story's Com. p 193 to 196, sec. 1,318 to 1,324, also,
the Ordinance of 17S7.)
But, as to the States of this Union, old or new, the powers
of the general governnment are limited, specific, andfedera-
tive; and in no legitimate sense can it be said that the ad-
mission of anew State, though enlarging federal jurisdic-
tion, is the acquisition of territory. Laglanci, by its treaty
