408
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Henderson.
Senate.
with France in 17«3, acquired the territory of the Cana- I
das. But, in the ordinary sense of the public law writers,
it did not acquire territory in its union with Scotland and
Ireland.
By our treaty with France of 1803 we acquired the terri-
tory of Louisiana, and by that with Spam ol 1819 the Flori-
da*. But when, nearly two years after adoption of the fed-
eral constitution, the State of Rhode Island was admitted
into the Union, it was not an acquisition of territory. The
constitution shows this distinction explicitly: "Congress '
shall make all needful rules and regulations respecting the
territory, &c. of the United States " Now, if the admission
of a new State into the Union was the acquisition of territo-
ry to the United States, then this power to make all needful
rules and regulations would apply to such territory. But
none will contend for so absurd an application of this power
of Congress.
The Texas treaty of last session proposed the acquisition
of Texas as a Territory, and, excepting the private proper-
ty of her citizens, the territory was to become the property
of this nation. Now, with the different rights, incidents, and
powers which I have shown to attach in the admission of a
new State into the Union, from those attaching to the depend-
ent condition of an acquired territory, shall we be again
told that they are one and the same thing? Nor is the
principle of the two propositions any the more synony-
mous, that, by the rejected treaty, it was also contemplated
that Texas should be afterwards admitted as a State. In-
stances may arise, in the vicissitudes of the future, where-
by this government shall acquire territory that, from a
sound policy, it will not admit, with its citizens, into the
Union, but hold subject to a military or territorial govern-
ment. We have yet no State of the Indian race; and the
time may come when, subjugating a neighboring Statp, we
may find our security in establishing a permanent territorial
government over a people with whom we would not frater
nizein union.
The acquisition of territory, it is thus seen, reaches to a
very different extent than the admission of a new State into
the Union. This government may "dispose of" its territo-
ry, but cannot, of course, dispose of a State.
It is said, however, this being a foreign State, creates the
difficulty, both because it is foreign, and because it has not
come up through the discipline of territorial pupilage un-
der this government. To this latter objection it is deemed
quite sufficient to say that several of the new States first
admitted, as Vermont, Maine, Kentucky, and Tennessee,
were subjected to no such territorial pupilage. But Texas
is a foreign State. Now, though the word "foreign" is in-
terposed with an emphasis, as if it expressed or implied
some cogent reason against the power to be a&serted by this
resolution, yet when the reasoning on this objection is of-
fered, it perpetually results in the argument that the act we
are about to perpetuate is a compact with terms and condi-
tions, and is, therefore, a treaty. And, because a treaty,
the treaty power should make tlie contract. To the objec-
tion, in this form, we answer, if this act of admitting a new
State into the Union is in effect a tieaty, and infringes the
treaty-making power, so do all acts of Congress admitting
new States into the Union with specified conditions incur
this same objection. Yet the constitution has so conferred
the power. But this adjunct of its being a foreign State
still recurs, and therefore the reason, say the objectors,
which it is admitted would not apply if it was a domestic
new State.
The question has been argued as if treaty functions only
intervened between full sovereignties and on matters of
public import. And so regarding the bestowment of treaty
powerin the constitution, and that this power is exclusive,
it follows, they say, that, as this question addiesses itsoli to
a foreign sovereignty, and is of this public import, it
therefore is within the exclusive jurisdiction of the treaty
power. The constitution provides that the President shall
have power, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to make treaties, Sec. This does not specify with
whom treaties may be made, but of course implies, with all
political bodies authorized to treat. This, then, does, not
mean either independent sovereignties or foreign sover-
eignties only, but any people, foreign or domestic, and
however qualified their sovereignty, if they have the
power to contract. Now, we have many more trea-
ties with our domestic Indian tribes than with foreign pow-
ers; and hence, if this exclusive potency of the treaty
power is within itself and for itself, then it is equally po-
tent with a domestic as a foreign power. I grant that it is
so: and then I ask, if this was a proposition to admit as a
new State the Choctaw nation (now living under a republi-
can form of government) would any one contend we could
only do so by first acquiring them as a territory by treaty1?
It is quite manifest the objection would not be heard in such
a case. And yet no ingenuity can show why the jurisdic-
tion of Congress would oe ousted m one case that does not
prove the same result in the other. And our answer to
each case alike is, that if the matter to be executed is of
treaty function, as contended for, still the cxeicite of the
function in this case is given to Congress; and, therefore,
any reasoning of the subject to show it ought by right to
belong to the treaty power, is not within the question be-
fore us.
But, Mr. President, we are not without precedent on this
question even in our own brief history. Both Vermont and
Frankland (now Tennessee) were admitted as States into
this Union after each had assumed a political organization,
wholly independent of rule or authority from the United
States. As these States, however, were regarded as arising
within other States, (though Vermont disavowed that iela-
tion,) we pass to the cases of Rhode Island and North Caro-
lina. Both these States were in the confederation, the 13th
and last article of which stipulated for perpetual union. A
great majority of the States were desirous to abandon this
confederation for a national government. But they could
not abandon the league so established except by mutual
consent, without a breach of faith; and to do which re-
mitted of course the adhering States to their original sov-
ereignty and independence.—(See Federalist, No, 43, p. 191,
3 Stor. Com., p. 710, sec. 1848.) The majority persevered; and
to the convention of 1787 all the States sent delegates ex-
cept Rhode Island. The constitution having been agreed
on in convention, it was sent for ratification to the people
of the States in State conventions, f^orth Carolina rejected
the constitution, and Rhode Island for near two years re-
fused to notice it. Both States, however, ultimately gave
in their adhesion, and were received into the Union.
The articles of confederation was the bond of union
among the old thirteen States till superseded by the consti-
tution. In the transition state from the one form of govern-
ment to the other, the precise day when the one terminated
and the other began, might prove an inquiry rather curious
than useful to my present object.
The old federal Cougress, on the 13th September, 1788,
resolved that the constitution had been adopted by nine
States, which sufficed to put it in operation, and they ap-
pointed the first Wednesday in January, 1789, for the elec-
tion ol electors for President and Vice President, and the „
first Wednesday in February, 1789, for the electors to vote.
On that day, by the vote of eleven States, George Washing-
ton was elected President of the United States. And the
President and Congress commenced their functions together ^
under the new government, on the day of ,
1789. The government of the United States, as a govern-
ment of eleven States, was in operation, with all the attri-
butes and powers the government now possesses, from this
time But North Carolina and Rhode Island had no more
part in the government of the |United States on the first day
of June, 1789, than Texas now has. What, then, was the
relation of the eleven United States to the two States of
Rhode Island and North Carolina at this juncture of time.'
1 ask this, Mr. President, as a legal proposition. My own
answer is, that these two States, as to the eleven United
States, were foreign independent States, as virtually as
Texas now is to these twenty-six United States. In saying
they were foreign States, I trust I shall not be understood as
referringSto their distance in location, and least of all to
imply, they had severed in those immortal sympathies
which had carried them in union of heart and feeling with
their sister colonies and confederated States through the
struggle of the revolution. But I state the proposition
upon international law—the law of nature—the necessity of
the case—and the terms and princ iples contained in the con-
stitution which the eleven States had adopted as their gov-
ernment. All political relations had been dissolved by dis-
solving the confederation. (Federalist, No. 43, p. 191, 3
Story's Com. p. 711, section 1848. Vattel, B. 1, section264,
p. 118.)
And these States, as a consequence, were necessarily re-
mitted to their sovereignty. The United States had no con-
trol over them, and did not pretend to have; nor were they
subject to any other power on earth. Of right they might
have remained so till now.
I am aware, Mr. President, the names oi both these States
were placed in the constitution as if they were parties.
Rhode Island, however, sent no delegate to the convention.
Of course the act of the other States in placing her name
there imposed on her no obligation. The North Carolina
State convention rejected the constitution; of course her
name "being in it did not bind her, and so it is well known
the eleven United States regarded the question, and acted
on this view of the subject. See the act of Congress, 31st
July, 1769, sect 39, vol. 2—winch, after reciting that Rhode
Island and North Carolina had not adopted the constitution
of the United States, says:
"Be it therefore enacted, That all goods, wares, and mer-
chandise, not oftheir own growth and manufacture, which
shall be imported from either of the said two States of Rhode
Island and Providence Plantations or North Carolina into j
any other port or place within the limits of the United j
States, as settled by the late treaty of peace, shall-be sub-
ject to the like duties, seizures, and forfeitures, as goods,
wares or merchandise imported from any State or country
without the said limits."'
And so of the act of 16th September, 1789, vol.2, p. S3,
see. 3:
"And he it further enacted, That all rum, loaf sugar, and
chocolate, manufactuied or made in the State of North Cor-
olina or Rhode Island, and imported or brought into the
United States, shall be deemed and taken to be subject to
the like duties as goods of the like kind imported from one
foaeign State, kingdom, or country are made subject to."
The last section contains a legal declaration that choco-
late, sugar, &c., manufactured in either of these States, Mas
not manufactured within the United States, and could only
get there by being imported from those States into the
United States.
Now, if these two States, at the date of this act, were not
within the United States, it is supposed that argument is un-
necessary to prove they were without the United States.
Congress then legislated on subjects of commerce under
the same powers we now do, viz: "Congress shall have
power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and
among the several States, and with Indian tribes."
When, therefoie, the Congress of 1789 passed the laws I
have quoted, can any man inform me by what authority
they assumed to subject the commerce of Rhodp Island and
North Carolina to the duties, seizures, and forfeitures of
foreign States, unless they weie foreign? The constitution
under which the Congress of 1789 were acting, and under
which we now act, prescribed that all "duties, imposts,
and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States."
And it expressly provides: "No preference shall be given
by any regulation of commerce or revenue to the ports of
one State over those of another, .nor shall vessels bound to
or from one State, be obliged to enter, clear, or pay duties
in another."
Lut I cannot for myself doubt that any one who does not
defer more to his prejudices than his reason, and prefer
agreeable fiction to stubborn truth, must concur in opinion
that in 17S9 both the States-referred to were, as to the United
States, foreign, sovereign, and independent. And it was in
consonance with this regulation that the governor of Rhode
Inland addressed President Washington, in September, 1789,
imploring legislative favor in commercial regulations from
the Congress, and that they might not bej considered alto
gether as foreigners. (See the letter, 1st vol. State Papers,
Miscellaneous, p. 11.)
In the admission of new States into the Union, the consti-
tution has appointed to Congress no form or ceremony.
Hence, in the admission of Rhode Island and North Caro-
lina, the act of reception was sanctioned by the appearance
and qualification of the senators and representatives, after
the ratifiaation of the constitution by these States respect-
ively had been denoted to the country. But, m admitting
these States into the Union, the Congress asserted the same
power we now propose, so far as the question of a foreign
and sovereign State is involved. To this purpose, and none
other, I urge the parallel; and to this end both cases furnish
us a full and apt precedent.
Our objectors suppose they further strengthen their ar-
gument by contending that, to accomplish the end we aim
at, by the preliminary agency of tlie treaty-making power,
is more safe and conservative to dissenting States, because
the treaty will require a two-thirds-vote of the States in the
Senate to sanction the act. It is undoubtedly true that a
treaty can only be ratified by a two-thirds vote in the Sen-
ate But, we rejoin, that to admit a new State into the
Union does not necessarily require any treaty agency; and
we have already shown that the two-thirds vote, which in
the convention was proposed to be required in this act of
admitting new States, was designedly stricken out and left
to a majority. It is a mode less plausible than indirect to
get the two-thirds power back again on this occasion, by
telling us that we cannot admit Texas as a State without
invoking the treaty power; and, if we do invoke it. we shall
then be compelled to encounter a two-thirds vote to effect
our object. This proposition to relinquish our plain consti-
tutional right of the Congress majority, to meet a two-thirds
vote voluntarily, is urged upon us with less concession
than the same subject received m the Hartford convention.
That intelligent and jealous body of men undeistood the
matter as we do, viz: that a majority of Congress might ad-
mit a neve State into the Union. But they proposed to
amend the constitution so as to prohibit the admission of
new States into the Union ""without the consent of two-
thirds of both Houses of Congress."—(See 3 Story's Com.,
sec. 1,282, m p. 160.)
What they sought to attain by amendment was the same
that was stricken out of the "reported article 17 in the fede-
ral convention, but which the honorable committee on for-
eign relations, and others concurring, still contend is as vir-
tually in the constitution yet as if it had not been stricken
out, or as if it had been restored by amendment, as proposed
by the Hartford convention.
In furtherance of the argument in behalfof this conserva-
tive principle of the tieaty power now pressed upon us, it
is contended that this conservative purpose was specially .
looked to in framing the constitution, particularly in the
important matter ot acquiring foreign territory. Without
again repeating, as an answer to this, that admitting a new
State into the Union is not acquiring territory in the usual
sense of the public law writers, let us test this argument
in another form. And, first, it is perfectly clear there is no
express authority in tlie constitution to acquire foreign
territory in any way. (3 Story's Com., sec. 1280,1281,1-182)
Ahdyetitis well established we have the power, as inci-
dent to other powers, or as necessarily resulting from na-
tional sovereignty. As a treaty power, it has been sanc-
tioned in the purchase of Louisiana and Florida. And here
let me remark, had Louisiana and Florida been independent
States, instead of crown provinces of foreign sovereign-
ties, there is, to my mind, no doubt but they would have
been ultimately admitted as States into this Union, if they,
like Texas, had prepared themselves and desired it. But as
territories, not subject in dominion to their inhabitants, but
owned by foreign sovereignties, they could only, on peacea-
ble terms, be acquired to us as territory, and by treaty.
But, besides the right to puichase by treaty, we have the
right to purchase by treaty, we have the undoubted right,
as incident to the war power, to acquire territory by con-
quest. (See the opinion ol the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States by Chief Justice Marshall, 1 Peters'* Rep. 542;
also the opinion of Justice Johnson, idem page 517.)
The honorable committee have supposed that the acqui-
sition by conquest is at last consummated by treaty of
peace. But although this may be, it is not necessarily
so. If the conquest be made wholly subduing the State
or province, the conqueror dictates his terms of submis-
sion, and establishes his peace by military fiat. Such was
the subjugation of Poland by Russia; and in such case no
trefcty intervenes. If, then, instead of our friendly rela-
tions with Texas, we had been compelled to secure our
frontier from her hostile border incursions, to reduce her by
conquest to unconditional submission, Texas would have
been thus lawfully acquired to us as a territory without a
treaty. Now, in such case it is apparent this conservative
notion of the treaty power is dispensed \\ ith. (See 1 Pe-
ters'*s Rep r>42; 3 Stoiy's Com., sec. 1282; Vattel, book 3,
pages 3S6, 387, sec, 197, 198, 199, 200, 201)
But there is yet a third mode oi acquiring territory, which
essentially spnugs out of the nation's sovereignty—I mean
discovery. The Oregon Territory—the first we acquired
since our national existence—was chiefly acquired by dis-
covery. And here again this imaginary conservative prin-
ciple has failed to operate. Out ol three modes by which
this nation may unquestionably acquire territory, but one
of them necessarilj invokes the treaty power. Now, what
becomes of this conservative intention of the constitution
on this subject, which has been coined up on this occa-
sion7
A most exaggerated estimate has been indulged in by
honorable senators of the simple power which, by this reso-
lution, we propose to exercise. They represent it as equiv-
alent to asserting the right to bring any foreign nation into
the Union, whethei France, or Patagonia, or the Chinese
empire But, Mr. President, what, to a plain, practical mind,
not too much excited to see things double, is the meaning
of admitting a new State into the Union} A State includes
both territory and people, and union implies proximity,
conjunction—not severance, not disintegration. The Stales,
then, which are to be admitted into the Union must be adja-
cent, coterminous. They are to be included, both territory
and people, by extending the outer boundary of the federa-
tive Union. And unless the State can be brought within
our geographical circle, it is no more within the LTnion
than we are inside of this Capitol when outside of it. The
nature of the case, and the terms used, necessarily imply
this. Such territorial union may cross rivers and channels
of the sea, while yet coterminous; but States, w Inch cannot
be included in the circle but by crossing foreign States and
sovereignties to reach them, cannot be brought within our -
