Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
28th Cong 2d Sess
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Henderson.
Senate.
Union. We may make aliidiices w ith nations, however dis-
tant. butumoQ only with those adjacent.
The constitution ol the Lmted Mates requires, as qualifi-
cations lor a senator, that he thall have ! een nme j ears a
citizen of the United States, 11) J ofd representative m Con-
gress seyen years a citm-n ol the United States, and that
each shall be an mhdlutdm of the State at the time ol his
election This, it has be<.-u &aid, shows, thdt the admission
of Texas at once as?a state into the L mon is violative ofthe
constitution, because her people, on the instant ol admission
into the Union, Cdi.nut he qualified Ly the citizenship of
seven and mm- to r^-pi.-sent her as a State in the
Congress.
This objection i-> urged as U the constitution contempla-
ted that the senator and rt pre-entdtiv e shall have been not
only citizens of the 1 nited >tates, hut oi the State they rep-
resented, for thi-se p< riod> of seven and nine years so pre-
scribed. So far from this \ lew being m any degree correct,
nothing but inhabitancy or thf Statr to be represented at the
time ot leprefentatiou is required And m the convention
the various propositions to presenbe any period of inhabit-
ancy, even for a year, were stricken'out—six States to
four. Mr. Madison suggested as an objtction to such re-
quirements ol a previous inhabitancy, that the "new States
in the West could have perhaps no representation on that
plaB.'"—(3 Madison Pn'-e^, pages 12oS, 12o9, 1260)
Having disposed of this question of constitutional power,
which is made the principal one m this debate, 1 proceed to
notice some other objections to the civil right and expedi-
ency of the measure.
And first, a^ to the position of Texas and its relations
with Mexico
Ifsome general of our army, or other public functionary,
were to commence a military revolution upon our federa-
tive government, breaking up its civil administration in this
District, and dispersing officials, and, following up his
success, carried his revolution into the several States suc-
cessively till nearly all had yielded to the despot's power;
suppose, when-he Union had been thus violently broken
up, the States of Maine and Massachusetts chose, rather
than submission, to assume the separate independence thus
forced upon them, and resisted the revolutionary tyrant:
would theyhavehad the right to do so7 And. secondly, would
the successful revolutionist who had subjugated twenty-
three ofthe States to his will and power have thereby ac-
quired a right—a presumptive right, to subjugate the re-
maining States of the broken codfederacj ? Suppose, in
this aspect, of the contest, Mame and Massachusetts chose
to ally themselves or to make any compact of union
with England: would England, by such union or alliance,
have violated any principle ot comity or law known to civ-
ilized nations'?
I speak not here, Mr. President, of what a nation, from
mere considerationsofprudcnce, may think proper to do, or
from prudence forbear, but of the rights which, by the laws
ol nations, intervene in such case to permit or constrain ac-
tion with the parties. The case stated is substantially the
relation which Texas bore to revolutionary Mexico in IS36,
and which relation, if not since more virtually cancelled by
years of acknowledged independence, has certainly not
been strengthened bj any new ties or obligations to-
wards the revolutionary government Now. \Tr. President,
notwithstanding all the potent eloquence which was poured
out on this subject m this chamber on a former occasion, I
will defy all research into the public law-writers to find any
well-sustained authority that would negative the right which
mj preceding questions have implied
1 admit, when a nation consists of a single or consolidated
community, and revolution breaks out amor.g the people of
that political community, that other nations have not a
right to mix themselves* up m the civil strife; but among,
separate political communities equally conlederated to-
gether, or separate communities of unequal rights, as free
cities, subordinate to a State, or small and weak provinces
insubordination to larger ones; if, whatever be the bond of
relation, it is broken by the violence of revolution or con-
quering enemies, so that the former sovereign or State pow-
er is put down, and ceases to be able to protect the several
members and provinces from the common enemy, then,
yponthe cleaiest pimciples oi morality and of international
kw, the dismembered and unprotected communities may
rightfully resist the enemy, or protect itseli by an alliance
with a stronger pow cr. In this 1 speak emphatically ofthe
right, and 1 maintain that the province so dismembered has
the right ol sovereignty and independence Irom the necessi-
ty ofthe case. And thus situated, the dismembered prov-
ide is not m the wrong by its resistance, and any foreign
r°uerdoes no wrong to any other power m giving succor
•ind protection to such dismembered province. It were, in-
deed, monstrous, it otherwise? "Where has the law of na-
tions, taught that if a revolutionary leader had succeeded in
subjugating the State of Virginia, he had, by that measure
ofsuccess, acquired a right which a neighboring nation
would do wrong to dispute, to subjugate Pennsylvania?
"But the province or town thu1* abandoned and dismem-
bered from the State is not obliged to receive the new mas-
terwhom the State attempts to set over it. Being separated
uoni the society of which it was a member, it resumes all
its original rights, and if it be capable of defending its lib-
erty against the power who would subject it to his authori-
ty- itmay lawfully resist him.'—(Vatiel, book 1, sec. 264,
p. U8.)
The State is bound to defend all its members, and the
prince owes the same assistance to his subjects. The
country of Zug, owing soveieignty to the Duke ol Austna,
attacked by the Swiss in 13*2, and abandoned by its soyf-
flPign, entered into the Helvetic confederacy. So of the city
Zurich, subordinate to the House oi Austria, being at-
tacked by a band of rebellious citizens, the emperor could
 ot defend it, and Zurich sought safety in alliance with the
Swiss.—(Yattel, book 1. p P7, sec. 202: idem, p. 5, sec. IT.)
So reports Vatlel; but had there been no authority, the
principle is self-evident. . .
The several States or provinces of Mexico formed the
constitution of the "Mexican United States'1 in 1824. Our
treaty of limits of 18-28 bounds the -Mexican United States,''
and not the State, or empire, or territory of Mexico. Santa
Anna was elected President of these Mexican United States
 1833, and within two years afterwards overthrew the
government and constitution by military violence, and pro-
claimed a consolidated power of his own. All the States
submitted or were subdued but Texas. She protested, re-
sisted, and declared her independence in 1836. -In these her
trials our government might have given Texas efficient
military protection, and given no just cause of offence, un-
der the law of nations, to any power on earth. Santa Anna's
government, by the law of nations, had no right to war
against Texas—had no right to subjugate her, and there-
fore we could not, by the law of nations, commit wrong in
protecting Texas. Had Texas revolted against the govern-
ment of the Mexican States, a case altogether different
would have been made against her. And such a case, re-
gardless of the facts being otherwise, has been generally
assumed against Texas by her opponents here, by which to
vindicate Mexico and put Texas and these United States in
the wrong with reference to our proposed union.
With these facts of the case 1 cannot, Mr. President, en-
tertamany scruple upon the mortality of our action, nor
doulrPthat the measure we propose is perfectly compatible
with national integrity and good faith.
Yet, notwithstanding, we are perpetually told in this de-
bate that, if we consummate this act, we shall mamlest so
unscrupulous a purpose of conquest and aggrandizement as
will justly arouse the jealousy of foreign nations; and that
it would not be unreasonable to expect such a demonstra-
tion against us as may require us to pause, or challenge us
to hazardous conflict. The subject, Mr. President, which
these suggestions present for reflection, is one on which,
more than any other associated with public duty, I ac-
knowledge it becomes us to be strictly conscientious. I
have no patience or respect for the intermeddling propensi-
ties of any nation or people with the internal domestic
rights and civil polity of another nation or people. I protest
against all such impudent officiousness, whether against Ire-
land and Canadian sympathizers in our own country, or
that displayed in the foul spirit of abolition, which affects
to serve" God by exciting strife among his creatures, and
grossly neglects the most common charities of life at home
to mock Heaven by administering as charity abroad, discord,
firebrands, and death. But, while I would carefully respect
the rights of all other nations, I would as tenaciously assert
all those which appertain to our own, when, in my judg-
ment, expediency required it.
I have endeavored to show that Mexico has no moral
right, no international right, to object to this union. Tex-
as is willing, and, if we consent, who shall presume to for-
bid the bans?
But we are admonished that our act will furnish prece-
dent and apology, of which Great Britain will most proba-
bly avail herself to acquire Cuba. In the acquisition of
territory and strongholds around the world, Great Britain
has not usually manifested any overwrought delicacy for
want of precedent or example; though I will not charge
her with such injustice as to say that, in consulting her pol-
icy, she always forgets right. The laws ot nations pre-
scribe it a duty to each nation to preserve and protect itself,
and improve its condition. And the same laws declare that
each nation, in the fulfilment of this duty, has a right to all
those things which do not entrench upon the absolute rights
of other nations, which may be requisite to this protection
and improvement, even to a separate jurisdiction and enjoy-
ment of portions of the high seas necessary to this end.
While Spam retains Cuba, we are content. Our security is
not thereby prejudiced, our improvement stayed or retard-
ed. But there is no intelligent man in England or this coun-
try but knows our national security and commercial pros-
perity would be imminently perilled by the possession by
Great Britain of this island. I would as soon subject to her
control, her liberality, and indulgence, one-fourth of the
ports ot this Union.
I am prepared, therefore, Mr. President, to declare h* re,
that when Great Britain shall attempt to possess herself of
this island, 1 trust the incumbent of the executive chair
may speak with a promptness and decision which cannot be
misunderstood, and to which millions of our citizens' will
respond with united voice, "It shall never be."
Our opponents have charged us with pioposing this meas-
ure as en after-thought, and from considerations not the
most creditable to our candor and consistency. Prepared
in the fullest manner to repel this imputation, so far as re-
gards my own couise of opinion and action, 1 feel excused
in availing myself of the occasion to do so
On the 7th June, 1844, while the treaty heretofore nego-
tiated toy the executive of the United States was pending be-
foie this body, I submitted to the Senate, in secret .session,
the following resolutions, which were ordered to be print-
ed:
"1. Required, That to accomplish the annexation of Tex-
as, as proposed by the pending treaty, is less consonant with
the spirit and genius of the governments of the United
States and Texas, respectively, than if more directly defer-
red to the popular or representative will to attain the object.
"2. Resolved, That such annexation on the pait of the
United States would be properly achieved by an act of Con-
gress, admitting the people of Texas, with an assigned ter-
ritorial boundary, as a new State into the Union, on an equal
footing with the other States; with the right of property to
be retained by suck new State in all the public lands now-
comprised in the territorial domain of Texas, subjecting
such territory as might lie without the State of Texas to
the civil and political jurisdiction of the United States.
"3. Resolved, That, as part of said act of union, and in
form of stipulation, to be acceded to by the people of Texas,
a boundary of limits should be fixed and agreed on, beyond
which the institution of slavery should not extend.
"4. Resohed, That, by such act of annexation, the people
and State of Texas should continue responsible for the sub-
sisting debt oi Texas, and for the security and discharge
thereof her public lands should be fust pledged; and that
all private titles and claims to land within the present terri-
tory oi Texas should be adjusted and decided on by the tri-
bunals of the State of Texas "
The obvious coincidence of views and principles embod-
ied in these resolutions with those contained m the resolu-
tion now before us could notbe misapprehended.
The House resolution now under consideration proposes:
1st. That the republic of Texas, by suitably modifying
her State organization, with the sanction of her people,
shall be admitted, with her entire territory, as a State into
this U ion.
2d. That this shall be done by virtue of this joint resolu-
tion, to be passed by the legislative majorities of each
House of Congress, to be approved, of course, by the act-
ing President of the United Stctes.
3d That the new State of Texas shall be admitted into
the Union, retaining as property all the public lands within
the rightful limits of her territory, and from this source
shall pay her own public debt.
4th. That it is expected other new States shall be formed
out of the surplus extent of her territory, and that all such
States as may arise south of the Missouri compromise line
of latitude shall be admitted as slave States, jf desired by
their people.
The measure in this form has, therefore, been maturely
considered by me. I have no doubt of its constitutionali-
ty; and as, in June last, so now, I prefer it as more conso-
nant with the requirements of the case than those which
would be attained by the circuitous operation of the treaty
power.
A few brief remarks in exposition of the policy of this
measure, and 1 have done.
This, Mr. President, is in itself no party, no local measure;
though to some extent, by those opposing it, it has been
characterized as both. I have never regarded it as a meas-
ure of unmixed good; but 1 do regard the good results it
proposes as very equally distributed. Pecuniarily, the
northern and western States, by this supply of a new and
extended market for their products and manufactures, must
be the greater gainers. Socially, more in proximity and
sympathy,we ol the South will feel ourselves betterassured,
better protected from hostile influences within and without.
And all which contributes to national importance, strength,
and prosperity, will be equally felt throughout the nation.
It will add to our national strength most essentially in the
southwestern extreme. Our population upon the shores of
the gulf within our present territory, from the inferior qual-
ity of the soil, must ever be sparse. Texas promises a more
dense population. If the inert Mexican still possessed Tex-
as, this consideration would be unimportant. But a large
Texas population of Anglo-Americans, and they alien in in-
terest, policy, and nationality, can only be looked to with
apprehension and concern. I have always maintained, and
declare it now, that much rather would I see the impotent
races of the further South in possession of Texas than to see
. there an independent republic of our own people. The one
would be our competitors for nothing, the other for every-
thing. The enmity ofthe one would give us no concern;
but the other, with the vigilance, energy, and implacable
character of our race, would make itself respected, and
might become dangerous. And shall we, so fresh from the
second strife with our British ancestors, disregard the les-
sons which both nature and experience teach? Can we de-
lude ourselves with the least probable expectation that, in
the race of commercial enterprise and national ambition, a
people so excitable, jealous, and brave as ourselves, would
live at peace with us for twenty-five years? It could not
well be. Such a republic will be, from the beginning, a nu-
cleus, a place of refuge, to which the discontents of our
country will resort, and in twenty years would have over
half a million of people. These people, so located, in hos-
tile alliance with France or England, would be more formi-
dable to us at that point than all the power either France or
England could there bring separately to bear upon us.
The enterprise of this people, too, must be mainly given
to the growth of sugar and cotton; and, advancing as Ala-
bama and Mississippi has done for twenty-five years, would
by that time produce a cotton crop of five hundred thousand
bales. Can we doubt that the success of Texas in this pur-
suit would be stimulated, by England especially, by treaty
stipulations which she either cannot get of us, or cannot al-
ford to us'? To doubt this, is to doubt that England would
perceive and pursue her obvious interests. Can we of the
South consent, if we may prevent it, that the nations of Eu-
rope shall have two markets for the procurement of this
great staple on our own shores and waters, over one of
which we have no control? Can the northern manufacturer
consent that, m his race of competition with England, he
will give up the advantages derived from this great power
being constrained to buy her raw material from the nation
which our own looms supply with the manufactured article,
and indulge these competitors with a new cotton market
from which to draw supplies on terms of exchange so much
more favorable? And how vastly changed, too, would be
the inducements of England to make a peace or break a
peace with this country, under such circumstances? On
terms of amity with Texas, and deriving fiom her those sup-
plies which this country now only a/lords, what more suc-
cessful resource to Great Britain to cut up our commerce
and manufactures than the consequences of war with ue
would furnish?
And if the article of cotton is to be produced in excess, as
it promises at present, the greater the reason that this nation
shall control the entire market of this continent if it can.
Let the whole crop be subject to our legislation and com-
mercial regulations—to our wars and to our peace. Let this
great staple and the people who grow it, abide at all times,
for weal or wo, one common destiny.
I do not doubt, Mr. President, these views are entertained
generally throughout the Union; and I regret to believe,
but for the question of slavery, this measure would meet
with but little opposition from several quarters where now
most violently opposed. There is no man so blind as not to
perceive this measure does not increase slavery at all. I
conclude also, that all know it does not increase the repre-
sentative apportionment in Congress which rests on slave
population. And m what sense, save that which is abstract
and ideal, does it disparage the non-slaveholding States in
the Senate or elsewhere? The opposition from this cause
looks more like prejudice land ill nature than reason. It
cannot be doubted but the slave's condition is bettered by
the operation. But the spirit which opposes on this ground,
rather seems—it may be only seems—to desire defeat of the
measure, that the slaye interest might be thereby pressed a
little moie to the wall, and the condition of the slaveholder
perchance rendered^. little more uneasy. If such motive
operate any where, concealed or unconfessed, I deplore it,
as unworthy the statesman on such an occasion.
And though I have not urged this question, nor do I be-
lieve it to be one of local ana peculiar interest only to the
slaveholder, yet so far, on the other hand, as there may b$
