410
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texan—Mr. Rayner.
H. of Reps.
grounds to distrust that it is opposedby any, ^for reason that
it may benefit the slaveholder, my sympathies in such view
will not of course be expected. And if I doubted as to the
right of this measure, (which I do not,) 1 am frank to confess
1 should prefer to err on that side which might best sub-
serve the interest and security of my constituents, and par-
ticularly when-, as in thi.s case, it accords equally in my
belief with the honor and interests of the nation. -
I have listened, too, with incredulity, and with no other
emotion than surprise, to the solemn prognostication that
the adoption of this measure is to endanger the Union. 1
have no such fears; or, I would say, have no such depreci-
ated estimate of the virtue and intelligence of the people:
but would rather predict, that in less then a twelvemonth
after this act is executed, it will cease to excite any popular
attention. No important measure is agitated in Congress
but some portion of our people, run-mad bigots, speculative
fanatics, ultra politicians, the timid grown bold, and the trai-
tor patriotic, will threaten us with dissolution of the Union.
This Union has survived many such perils, and the small
Sampsons who have tugged at the pillars of the Temple have
spent their pigmy powers in vain.
With the increase of States this Union increases in
strength. Each new member of the family adds another
stick to the bundle—another cord to the bonds of Union—
another practical constraint upon separation. Sol verily
believe, and on this belief shall act, leaving consequences
in hopeful trust to the unknown future.
SPEECH OF MR. RAYNER,
OF NORTH CAROLINA.
In the House of Representatives, February 17, 1845.—On the
question ot Texas annexation, considered in connection
with the proposition to reduce and regulate the pay of the
army.
Mr. RAYNER said: He was opposed to the reduction of
the army at present, either in its materiel or its pay. He
agreed with the distinguished gentleman who had just tak-
en his seat, [Mr. Adams,] that if the wild and heedless prop*
ositign for the acquisition of territory, now pending before
Congress, should succeed, war would in all probabili-
ty follow. But the reason of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts for voting in favor of reduction, operated on his
Mr. (R.'s) mind to vote against it. if the projects for an-
nexing Texas and taking possession of Oregon succeeded,
and war was the result, much as he was opposed to both
those projects, yet he was for sustaining the honor and dig-
nity of his country. If it was the national will that these
measures should'succeed, he was still for sustaining his
country, right or wrong. U foreign difficulties and troubles
awaited her, lie was for strengthening our forces, as well
by sea as by land, so as to enable us to bear aloft the stars
and stripes in triumph.
Mr. It. said he was also opposed to the proposed reduc-
tion of the army, because it was evident, from the couise of
the debate, that a lurking feeling of hostility to a distin-
guished military man—the major general commanding in
chief—was one of the leading motives which prompted the
couise ofsome gentlemen. He regretted to see a measure
of legislation like this made the occasion for attacking a
man to whose services the country was so much indebted.
The name of that gallant soldier was identified with the
honor and glory of his country. He had shed his blood on
the battle field, and now bore on his body the honored
scars which he received m defence of his country. He had
borne the^star-spangled banner in triumph amid blood and
carnage, when many of us were in our nurse's arms. He
had on many occasions exhibited as much wisdom and dis-
cretion in conducting delicate questions of peaceful policy,
and in discharging the civil functions intrusted to his care.
he had shown bravery and self-possession on the field of
battle. Gentlemen need not be m a hurry; they need not
anticipate a conflict with that distinguished individual; for,
if he (-\ir. R.) did not mistake the Mgns of the times, this
distinguished man will give them trouble enough. He
stood high m the affections of the people of this country,
and at no very distant day, his enemies might find that he
was as invincible a standard bearer against the domestic
enemies of the constitution in time of peace, as he had prov-
ed himself, against the foreign enemies of our country, in
time of war
Mr R. repeated that he was opposed to the reduction of
the army, because he believed that if Texas annexation was
effected in the manner proposed, it would, in all probability,
involve us in war; and, in taking this view of the question,
he would follow the example of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts who had just taken his seat, and proceed to ex-
amine this subject of the annexation of Texas. He had
been anxious to do so before, but had had no opportunity.
Hecoalddo this with the greater propriety, because if
Texas was annexed as proposed to be done, he considered
that the present army establishment would prove utterly
inadequate to meet the foreign difficulties m which the
measure was likely to involve the country; and as it Was
generally understood that the measure would come back
fiom the Senate in a shape different from that in which it
passed the House, it might be regarded as still subject to,
and worthy of, the serious consideration of that body.
I have felt most anxious (said Mr. R) to arrive at a cor-
rect conclusion on this subjcct of Texas annexation, be-
cause I could not fail to perceive, from the tone of the de-
bate and the peculiar sectional feelings developed by the
discussion, that this question, independently of its own in-
trinsic merits, involved remote consequences, that might
hereafter jeopard our institutions, and shake this Union to
its centre. If at the period of the celebrated Missouri con-
troversy. the admission of a State, to be constituted of our
own undisputed territory—at a time, too, of comparative
quiet and composure—came well nigh rending this Union
into fragments; if, then, all the patriotism and self-sacrifice
of the great and the good, could with difiicig^ty save us from
disruption; what must we expect now, when the proposi-
tion is to annex territory to which we have acquired no
title; and when the public mind, already feverish and rest-
less, is constantly stimulated to thoughtless action by fanati-
cism attone end of the confederacy, and disaffection to the
irntoA at the other. i may be told that we should not look *
to ulterior results, but that we should examine this subject
with a view simply to its own direct and palpable elements;
and leave to others the responsibility of perverting it to mis-
chievous consequences. 1 cannot agree to the truth ofany
such proposition. We are legislating for the future as well
as for the present. It is the part of statesmanship, to exam-
ine every question with a view to its future influence on the
institutions of the country. It is frequently the part of wis-
dom to forego present advantage for the sake of greater
and future good. Duty requires of that we should legislate
not only for the puipose of confering the greatest good for
the present, but also for the purpose of avoiding evil
for time to come. Much as we may deplore tie
vices and infirmities of humanity, which ,so often
thwart the efforts of wisdom and virtue, yet as, under
the laws of nature, we cannot control them, our ef-
forts should be to take from them as far as is in our
power, the ability to do harm. So that, il I had no otlifer
objection to the proposed mode of acquiring Texas,
yet believing, as I do, that it would prove an "apple of dis-
cord" for future time; that it would prove a fruitful source
of jealousy and heart-burning between different sections
and interests; that it would prove an enduring element of
mischief to the reckless and the turbulent in every section,
that it would ultimately sever those ties and associations of
fraternal feeling which are the only sure bond of our Union
and guaranty of our freedom, I should be induced to pause,
and consider it a question worthy the most serious consid-
eration, whether the contemplated advantages to be derived
from annexation could outweigh the danger to the stabili-
ty of the Union with which the subject is fraught.
As this, however, is a subject which is likely to become
of the most exciting interest, especially in the South, and
on which every man's recorded opinions may hereafter be
brought up in judgment against him, I had better perhaps
"define my position" a little in detail. As to the power of
this government to acquire foreign territory, I considerthat
a settled question. The precedents afforded by the pur-
chase of Louisiana in 1803, and of Florida in 1819, have
placed this matter beyond controversy; for, notwithstand-
ing the constitutional difficulties urged on the purchase of
Louisiana, yet the tacit acquiescence and approval of all
parties and all sections, as to the power and propriety of
acquiringnew territory, has determined this question as far
as precedent can; and the almost unanimous saction of all
departments of the government, and all classes of the
American people, have indicated that they consider the
principle not incompatible with our national policy,
nor inconsistent with our fundamental law And he
must be an impracticable and dreaming visionary in-
deed—one that is likely to be left far in the distance behind,
as the spirit of the age and the march of improvement hur-
ry on others m their progress—who continues to urge this
want of power, instead of aiding to convert it to useful and
beneficent ends. I therefore assume, that the power of this
government to acquire Texas is within its legitimate func-
tions; and once the principle is conceded that we can ac-
quire Texas by purchase, it follows of course that we can
acquire it by voluntary surrender, or gift, if gentlemen
please; or, if that proposition be denied, it may well be
urged that the protection afforded her, and the responsibili-
ty assumed, by taking Texas under our contiol, would be as
valuable a consideration, as if we stipulated for the pay-
ment of millions in money.
Neither do I sec anything m the objection, that by the
terms of surrender of the soil and jurisdiction over it, Texas
annihilates her sovereignty. If Texas has the power to dis-
pose of one acre of her territory, she has the power to dispose
of the whole. If this government has the power to pur-
chase one acre, it has the power to purchase the entirety.
And once the power of surrender on her part, and puichase
on ours be admitted, neither of these powers can be vitiated
or rendered null by retrospective operation, owing to any
consequences inevitably resulting from their exercise. If
the acquisition by this government of the soil of, and juris-
diction over, Texas operates to destroy her sovereignty as a
nation, that is a question for the consideiation of her states-
men, not our«. ft is for her to "count the cost'' beforehand.
If the exercise of an act of sovereign power by her operates
to the destruction of that sovereignty, the contract is not
less binding and obligatory on her people, because, in exe-
cuting the contract, she acted in her sovereign capacity, free
from all control. No one will pretend that the annihilation
of the sovereignty of Texas, growing out of the terms
of surrender, could release this government from the duty
of performing all its obligations as stipulated m the contract
—although the sovereign power with which w e contracted
might no longer exist—neither could it release Texas from
hers In purchasing the soil of Texas and jurisdiction over
it, we do not necessarily purchase her sovereignty and
amalgamate it with our own; but the true statement of the
case is, that the acquisition on our part inevitably works a
merger of the sovereignty on her part, to the extent of the
conflict between that sovereignty and a compliance with
the terms of the contract. And if the terms of the purchase
be such as to produce no violence to our institutions—to in-
graft no new and conflicting principle on our system—I see
no valid objection to the measure on account of the conse-
quences which might ensue to Texas, momentous as the
consideration might and ought to be to her.
I see but little in the distinction which has been drawn
and urged in the discussifen of this question, between re-
ceiving Texas as a territory and admitting her as a State.
The provision in the old articles of confederation for the
admission of Canada into the confederacy shows what was
the feeling and the spirit of that period in which the consti-
tution had its birth. The refusal of the convention that
framed the constitution to limit the power to admit new
States to the then known territory of the Union, although
the limitation was directly proposed, plainly proves that
the framers of that instrument, if they did not actually con-
template the admission of territory then foreign, determined
to leave the door open for such contingency, when, in the
discretion and wisdom of the government, it might arise.
The power in the constitution to "admit new States into
the Union" is general, and not qualified, save by those spe-
cific limitations which do not come within the purview of
this question. There can, it s?ems to me, be no distinction,
as to power, between admitting foreign soil as a territory
and m a State. One is the acquisitioa of property—the ,
other of supreme dominion in all foreign relations, and iii
those that are domestic also, to the extent of the provisions
Of the constitution. We cannot peacefully acquire either,
of a foreign power, except by mutual contract and agree-
ment. I presume it will not be contended, that the organi-
zation of a territorial government is indispensably prerequi-
site to admission as a State. I suppose it will not be denied,
that this government might have stipulated with France, in
the Louisiana treaty, for the immediate admission of Louisi.
ana as a State into the Union, in case she had been ready
with her constitution formed, and it had not been found ob-
jectionable. If territorial allegiance to the United States be
an indispensable prerequisite to admission as a State, why-
may not the contract with a foreign power for the purchase
of territory, which stipulated for the one, also make provi-
sion for the other? On the other hand, how can we acquire
by act of Congress the political dominion following the ad-
mission as a State, ifwe cannot acquire the jurisdiction over
the soil consequent on territorial possession?
I do not oppose the proposed annexation of Texas on the
ground which has been so constantly assumed and so earn-
estly enforced, that it would be a breach of faith and a na-
tional insult to Mexico. When a portion of any people re-
volts from the government of which they are an integral
part, whether that revolt be a mere temporary tumult, or a
radical revolution—whether they are likely to be soon re-
duced to submission, or to maintain their separate independ-
ence, are questions which other nations must decide in
their discretion, and on their responsibility. And, although
national comity and good faith require that no nation should
render encouragement to a revolted province, or foment the
intestine commotions of another, yet the trading spirit and
commercial intercourse of the age require, that as soon as a
revolted people have proven their ability to maintain their
independence, they should be received into the family of na-
tions, enjoy the benefits, and incur the responsibilities ofna,
tional identity. I agree with the gentleman from Virgima-
[Mr. Bayly,] that the distinction between governments de
facto and de jure has, with many unmeaning relics of feu-
dalism, been swept away by the progress of civilization of
the age in which we live. A government de facto is now
understood to mean, not a government possessed of tempo-
rary and accidental power, in opposition to the divine right
of kings, but a government able and determined to preserve
and maintain its authority. According to our system of
non-intervention in the civil commotions of other States,
we have no right or wish to look beyond the government
in power, further than to inquire whether it is able to sus-
tain itself, and competent to enter into and comply with na-
tional engagements. And when we come to apply this prin-
ciple to the issue between Mexico and Texas; when we
look at the internal commotions in which Mexico has been
embroiled ever since her revolt from Spain; at the indolent
and lethargic habits of her people, her financial embarrass-
ments; and then, on the other had, look at the hardy and en-
terprising charactcr of the people of Texas, their Anglo-
Saxon fondness for liberty, their prowess in arms against
the Mexican forces,—we cannot fail to see that the idea of
conquest of Texas by Mexico is worse than vain and hope-
less. Under this view of the issue, our government, in
pursuance of the policy of the age, and of its own com-
mercial interests, recognised the independence of Texas, as
have also most of the other commercial powers of the
world. In taking this step, we have virtually said to Mex-
ico that we consider her power in Texas as at an end, and
that in our future relations with Texas we do not recognise
her right to interfere. In our relations with Texas, of
course, we are to consider her as sovereign and independ-
ent as though she had never constituted a portion of Mexico.
Did Mexico take offence, did she consider it a breach of
faith, a cause of war, at our recognition of the independence
of Texas?—at our commercial treaties with Texas, changing
entirely our commercial regulations from what they were
whilst Texas was a Mexican province'' In acknowledging
the independence of Texas, we acknowledged her entire
sovereignty, as well to cede her territory as to make a com-
mercial treaty—as well to code all her ternioiy as one acre.
In regard to this charge of abreack of faith towards Mexico,
I would ask how long after establishing their independence
must a people wait, before they can exercise an act of un-
questioned sovereignty—that of disposing of a portion of
their territory, and, if a portion, of course ot the whole?
Suppose Mexico, with all the obstinacy and unwillingness
to part with territory, so peculiar to Spanish character,
should rcfu?e for fifty years to'acknowledge the independ-
ence of Texas: would it still, to the last, be a violation of
national honor to treat with the latter power for territory ?
I think this government is estupped from urging this ob-
jection of a violation of good faith. The repeated attempts
of previous administrations to purchase Texas of Mexico,
before the acknowledgment of the independence of the lat-
ter power by Spain, are precedents directly in point. The
appointment of commissioners to act in concert with those
of .Mexico in runningthe boundary line between this coun-
try and that, before the recognition of its independence by
Spain, and the same thing with Texas, plainly show, that
we have uniformly acted on the principle that, in acknowl-
edging the independence ofany people, we recognise their
entire sovereignty, a3 well in regard to territory, as. every-
thing else, which a sovereign power may of right do. Of
course, I am not to be understood as denying the right of
Mexico to reconquer Texas, if able to do so. Such an at-
tempt at reconquest we could but view as a foreign war be-
tween independent belligerents, with which we have no
right to interfere, further than to insist upon those privi-
leges and immunities which neutrals, according to the laws
of nations, may rightfully exact.
I have been thus particular in stating the grounds upon
winch 1 do not oppose the admission of Texas, because
these grounds, which have been so much relied on by
others, not being satisfactory to my mind, I do not wish to
be misunderstood, or my position to be misrepresented.
Still, I am decidedly opposed to the admission of Texas into
the Union, either as a territory or as a State, as now pro-
posed to be done by the action of Congress.
I am opposed to annexation by action of Congress, first,
because, under our institutions, Congress cannot rightfully
take cognizance of the subject—because foreign territory,
nor supreme dominion over foreign territory, cannot be ac«
quired by this government except by treaty. T&e
