Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Rayner.
H. of Reps.
m?nt of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. B vylv,] that this
government may acquire territory by conquest under the
war power, even if there were anything m at, cannot apply
to the present ca-e, tor all the projests ol annexation
which have been before us, are based upon the principle of
a contract. They all j.roMc'e for the consent of the "su-
preme authorities" ot Texas, as indispensable to the con-
summation ol the agreement. Heie, then, it is admitted by
the advocates ol annexation thai Texas cannot be admitted
into the Union, except by the mutual consent and agreement
of this countij and thdt Now, 1 insist that, according to
the established usages of nations m this age, according to
the whole spirit and express letter of the constitution, this
nation cannot speak to, oi baiguin with, another, except
through the channel of the executne, which is the organ
through winch the nation, as a nation, speaks to another.
It is contrary to the genius of well-balanced government; it
is incouiibtent with the very nature ot negotiation; it is un-
sanctioned by national usage, it is unwarianted by the con-
stitution-. that this nation can stipulate with another through
iu legislative department. To the executive, consisting of
the President and Senate, is alone given the power to "ap-
point ambassadors and other ministers; and to the executive
alone, ex vi termini, is given the power to instruct these am-
bcissadois .and ministers as to their course of action.
From the executive they receive their instructions, and
to the executive they must submit the result of their nego-
tiations, to be by him m turn submitted to the Senate, tor
sanction and approval. To the President, "by and with the
aavice and consent of the. Senate," is given the power under
the constitution to "make treaties." This word "treaty" is
the only one in the constitution referring directly to mutual
and dependent action between this government anda for-
eign one; and must therefore be considered as covering
every contingency which may arise in the course of nego-
tiation with foreign powers.
Although the gentleman's argument as to the power of
this government to acquire territory by conquest does not
apply to the present question, yet I deny that is based upon
correct and legitimate pi enures. When one nation overruns
another, it is not by conquest, by mere brute force, that it
acquiies jurisdiction over the conquered country; but it is,
according to Vattel, by the treaty of peace that jurisdiction
over the soil and political dominion over the people pass.
And in case a country is so completely overrun, and its
government overthrown, as to leave no sovereign power
with which to contract by treaty, and no ability on the part
of the people to refuse. even then, by the laws of nations,
such a people do not lose their right to make renewed ef-
forts to regain their independence. Such efforts cannot
subiect them to the penalty of treason, till they have quiet-
ly submitted to the conqueror And when there is no consti-
tuted authority to agree to the terms of submission, and no
ability on the part of the people to resist, silence and ac-
quiescence must be regarded, from the necessity of the case,
a-> in the nature of consent by treaty.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayi-y] has taken the
ingenious position that the withholding from the States,
in the constitution, the power to -'enter into any treaty,
alliance, or confederation," or into ''any agreement or com-
pact with another State, or with a foreign power," shows
that the framers of that instrument intended to draw a gram-
matical distinction between a treaty ami an alliance, con-
federation, compact, or agreement. And as these latter are
forbidden to the States, they must reside m the general gov-
ernment: otherwise they do not belong to our system at all.
This does not follow at all. Although an alliancc, confed-
eration compact, or agreement, may be different in their re-
sults, Irom a treaty, in the ordinary acceptation ol the term,
J et it is only by treaty, that the inceptive measures for their
accomplishment can be entered into, because it is only
through the executive that we can confer with a foreign
powei. It is true, that it may devolve on Congress to carry
•die details of a treaty, alliance, compact, or agreement into
practical operation; but still it is only through executive
action that we can get jurisdiction over any such question.
It is only through the executive, that we could know the
wi«hes of a foieign power. It is only throagh the ex-
ecutive, that we can know that the terms of any al-
liance, compact, or agreement will be agreeable to
such power. And in carrying out the conditions of
any compact or agreement by Congress, a treaty, duly
made and ratified, is indispensably necessary to bring
the subject legitimately to our consideration. But if there
anything In the distinction drawn by the gentleman from
Virginia between a treaty and a compact, if, as? he insists,
the powti to enter into a compact or agreement exists in
the general go\eminent independently oi the treaty making
power, I would linjuite of him, as a strict constructionist,
wheie does he find this power confeired upon Congress' If
it does necessarily exist as a separate power, without being
specifically enumerated, is it not more in accordance with
rational construction and common sen-.? to consider it as
belonging to that department of the government, on which
the constitution ha^ confei red the foreign relations of the
country *
Sitting here as a House of Representatives, we cannot
know, officially, that Texas is willing even to come
into the "Union. No bargain with her to that effect
ha  been made, becausc the power competent to bargain on
our part, has not approved the terms. We cannot know
that Texas is willing to accede to the terms of the compact
except through the constituted organ of the government—
the President and the Senate—and through that medium the
communication has never been made to us. We cannot
propose to Texas, except through the executive, for we
have no olhei organ of communication with foreign pow-
ers. And the President alone, except "by and with the ad-
vice and consent ot the Senate," cannot by mere proclama-
tion, make the agreement valid, even after Congress has au
thorn ed it. When I speak of the executive, in relation to
the treaty-making power, of course lam to be understood
as speaking of the President and Senate. Ihe action of
Congress can only be advisory. And, although the idea
may be considered an extravagant one by some, yet I haz-
ard the opinion that, as we can confer with Texas only
through the executive—as Texas can signify her accession
through the executive only—the action of Congress will
be&biutemfuljnen, a mere declaration of opinion, void, and
ot £Q binding eftect, until a treaty of union, duly made and
ratified by the constituted organs of the two governments,
are settled the terms.
There cannot be, constitutionally, any such thing as ex-
tra-territorial legislation. The laws of this government are
operative only under the authority of the constitution.
The constitution embraces the territory of the United
Stetesonly, and our laws lose their validity, as soon as
they reach the limits ot the republic. Beyond this, they
are inoperative and void. The laws of this government are
as powerless and unavailing in Texas, as would those of
the British Parliament be over this country. They can
only reach the territory and people ot Texas, in conse-
quence of a compact or agreement with that power. And
what is a com] act or agreement, but a treaty after all? Vat-
tel says that "treaties, conventions, and agreements, are all
public engagements, m regard to which there is but one
and the^sagie right, and the same rules-," and which, as he
says further, "are always of the same nature, and differ only
m"the matter that is the subject of them." Mr. Madison,
speaking of the treaty-making- power under our constitution,
in the 75th number of the Federalist, said:
"Its obj'ects are contracts with foreign powers, which
have the force of law, but derive it from the obligation of
good faith. They are not rules prescribed by the sovereign
to the subject, but agreements between sovereign and sov-
ereign. The power m question, therefore, seems to form
a distinct department, and to belong properly neither to the
legislative nor the executive."
After the declaratory action of Congress on this question,
there must then follow some ceremony of mutual under-
standing and arrangement between the two contracting
parties—of mutual obligation on the part of each to accept
and abide by the terms of the agreement—in order to its
successful accomplishment. Who, under our institutions,
is to do this on our part—to signify to Texas our accession
to the agreement, and to bind our national faith to its observ -
ance'? Not the President alone, but the President and Sen-
ate. All the propositions for annexation which have been
ottered, provide for the consent and approval of the supreme
authorities of Texas. To whom, under our institutions,
must this consent and approval be communicated? and, as
a mutual agreement must be binding on both, the parties,
who is to confirm the obligation on ourpart? Not Con-
gress, because Congress cannot confer with a foreign pow-
er, not the President alone, because the President alone can
only take incipient steps, and prepare the details of negotia-
tion; but the President and Senate, to whom are confided
by the constitution the authority to make contracts with
foreign powers, and to pledge the national faith.
fc 1 have said t feared th£ proposed method of annexing
Texas would infuse into our system an element of end-
less strife and confusion. If annexation is effected by
act of Congress, will it not be repealable like other acts of
Congress7 When we look at the sectional excitement and
jealousy to which this subject has already given rise, may
we not expect the cry of repeal to be raised throughout the
North, and a new element of violence to be added to the
tuimoil of our annual elections? And when we consider
the ill feeling which already prevails, may we not expect
this cry of repeal, which will aflord so many sources ol ex-
citement to the recklessness and fanaticism of the enemies
of southern institutions, and to the rivalry and pride of sec-
tional interests, ultimately to succeed in returning a major-
ity to both Houses of Congress' And what confusion, what
derangement, what violence, what denunciations, would
then follow? I do not wish to be understood as intimating
that I would go for repeal, m case the measure now pend-
ing should pass Congress. The fear of the evil consequen-
ces to the Union that might ensue, would deter me liom
that. But, if Texas is to be annexed, I wish to put it be-
y cmd the power ol cavil, to keep the subject alive as art el-
ement of contusion. Neithei will I assume positively that
it would be competent for Congress to resort to the power
of repeal, solar as to allect rights which might become
vested. But, at all events, it is a question which might
reasonably be mooted, which no doubt would bemootcd,
aud one at which the heated political passions of the times
would gieedil) clutch. The constitution declares that "all
treaties made, or which shall be made, under the authoiity
of the United States, shall be the supreme law of the land."
If Texas be admitted by treaty, then eveiy loyal citizen
would feel bound to submit to it as the supieme law . But
admit it by act of Congiess, without any pledge of faith—
for, as J have attempted to show, no pledge of faith can be
given to a foieign power except through the executive—and
every restless spirit in the land would feel at liberty to wage
endlesb war for repeal, regardless of the consequences that
might ensue. It may perhaps be said that the same argu-
ment m favor of repeal might apply to the admission of
every new State which has been ieceived into the Union
since the adoption of the constitution Not at all. These
have all been admitted of temtory indisputably our own.
In the admission of those States, Congiess acted under the
express authority of the constitution, w hen no contract with
a foreign power was first indispensable; and in dealing with
our own terntorv and our own people, there was no neces-
sity for executne negotiation. The acts of Congiess admit-
tm°- these States, under the sanction of the constitution, m
pursuance of the ordinance of 17S7, and the deeds ol cession
from the old States, together with the terms ol the treaty of
1SC3 for the purchase of Louisiana, if gentlemen would in-
sist on that, operated as a pledge of faith as binding as the
constitution itself. The di&tmction is this, in our own
domestic economy, faith may be pledged by legislation,
when every one of our people, through their representatives,
mav be considered as parties to the contract; but, in con-
tractm"" with a foreign power, we can only do it through
the executive, as that is the only department known to our
system by which we confer with foieign nations
I confess I was surprised at the argument of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass.] His views, if practi-
cal! v applied, would conveit this government into one of
unlimited and undefmable power He said that, as Con-
gress had power to admit new States into the Union, and to
make all laws that were necessary and proper for carrying
into execution the granted powers, and that as new States
could not be admitted without territory out of which to ad-
mit thera, therefore Congress had power to annex temtory
for the purpose of admitting States. To what absurdities
would this doctrine lead. The fexercise of the implied
power must be proper, as well as necessary. Congress has
power to coin money: in order to do that, it is necessary to
have the metal out of which to coin it, but it would not be
proper to seize and appropriate to its own u§e, bullion be-
longing to a private individual, thereby "depriving him of
his piopeity without due process of law." Congress has
power to provide and maintain a navy. In order to this, it is
necessary thatwe shoultl'have sailors; but it would not be
proper to impress the citizens into service, thereby "depri-
ving him of his liberty without due process of law." Con-
gress has power to borrow money on the credit of the Uni-
ted States. In order to do this, it might be necessary to ap-
point an agent to contract the loan; but it would not be
proper for Congress to appoint him, because, under the con-
stitution, to the executive belongs the power of appoint-
ment. Every grant of power in the constitution must be so
construed as not to conflict with any other, and all laws
which may appear necessary for carrying into execution a
granted power, yet are not proper, if they conflict with any
other grant of power. I grant the power of Congress to ad-
mit new States. In order to do this, I grant it is necessary
to have the territory out of which to admit them; hut if the
territory is to be obtained from an independent foreign pow-
er, as that can only be done by contract and agreement, and
as this nation cannot make an agreement with another ex-
cept by treaty, and as the power to make treaties is ex-
pressly conferred on the executive, it would not be proper
that Congress should attempt to settle the terms, or to nego-
tiate on the subject.
The gentleman from Illinois, in order to show that Con-
gress might make a contract with a foreign power, cited,
by way of illustration, the case of a loan to be effected by
this government from another, under the power to borrow
money. The illustration is by no means an apt one. If
Congress were to authorize a loan from a foreign power,
executive aid would be required m order to its accomplish-
ment. And think you the government of France would en-
tertain a proposition for a loan, or that our minister
at that couit would feel authorized in making such
proposition, unless through the regular channel of ex-
ecutive communication and direction? But a loan is
not in the nature of a contract. The government, in
issuing its scrip payable to bearer, acts in a distinct
and separate character, without reference to any other par-
ty, and is not released from its obligations by the transfer
of its promises to other hands. A contract binds the parties
to each other by mutual and dependent obligations and does
not admit of a transfer to other parties, or a release from
liabilities, without mutual consent. Congress can cfertain-
\y authorize a loan upon the issue of government securities,
and when these are thrown into market, a foreign govern-
ment may invest m them as well as a private individual; but
here each party acts for itself, without reference to the
other. And, I think I may safely venture the assertion, that
a negotiation instituted by this government, expressly for
the purpose of obtaining credit of another, stipulating for
mutual and dependent conditions, would necessarily have
to go before the Senate for ratification, before the obliga-
tion to observe the conditions became binding.
Equally unfortunate was the gentleman's illustration in
regard to his supposed case of a contract, in the imposition
by Congress of a low duty on Biitish goods, provided the
British government would lay the same low duty on our
productions. This he cited as an instance oi a contract on
the part of Congress with a foreign power. This would be
no contract, because there would be no binding obligation
on either paity to adhere to it Each party would perform
an isolated and independent act, on a mere presumption as
to the course of the other; there would be no faith pledged,
and each would be at liberty to alter the rates of duty, and
change its course of action, whenever it pleased, without
aff'oiding any cause of complaint to the other. In such a
case as supposed, each government would be performing an
act of mere domestic legislation for the collection of its own
imposts. A law of one government, hypothecated upon the
future action of another, without any express stipulated
contract by the treaty-making power, although it would
blind the citizens of that government to each other, to ob-
seive its conditions till repealed, yet could not bind the
government itself to continue it in operation, any longer
than would be agreeable to it. Although this legislation
might be foreign in its ertect upon the commerce and trade
of the country, it could be domestic only in its binding obli-
gation to obseive it. There can be no pledge of faith in le-
gislation, but that ol our own people to each other, to ob-
serve its conditions. Foreign nations cannot know us
thiough our domestic legislation They only look to ouv
executive as the organ and exponent of the national will.
Another objection w ith me to the annexation of Texas in
the present condition of affairs, and a strong one, too, is the
difficulty to which it is likely hereafter to give rise, grow-
ing out of the question of her western boundary. Now it
will not be pretended by any one that Texas proper, as
comprehended under the old French and Spanish titles to
Louisiana, extended anything like as far west as the terri-
tory now claimed by the present government of Texas. If
old Texas did extend to the Del Norte, yet it will be admit-
ted, I presume, and can, I learn, be established by reference
to the oldest maps and geographies, that it followed the
eastern bank of that river only a short way, and then struck
off at a wide angle far to the north or northeast, leaving
something like one hundred millions ot acres of land, now-
claimed by Texas, to the undisputed dominion of Spanish
Mexico. A portion of this territory was settled by the
Spaniards, long before La Salle ever visited the country. It
has been under Spanish or Mexican dominion ever since.
It comprises a portion of four Mexican dernrtments, viz:
New Mexico, Chihuahua, Coahuila, and Tamaulipas—some
of them containing prosperous towns, commanded peace-
fully by Mexican governors, inhabited by a people repre-
sented in the Mexican Congress, and wheie no Tex-
lan has ever put his foot, except as a prisoner, and
where no such tlflfcg as Texian rule and dominion
have ever been known. Texas claims the country
on the east of the Del Norte, from its mouth to its
source. She has laid down this as her boundary in
her constitution. She is to tranfer to this government, or
retain to herself, all the unappropriated lands within the
limits of her republic. She ha^clefujed these hmitsj
