Feb. 1845.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4i3
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Army Appropriation Bill—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
wear the external paraphernalia of coxcombs and
dandies, more than that of gentlemen, who dignify
the army. I speak of those who adorn their supe-
rior organs of speech with moustaches, and their in-
ferior organs of speech with the imperial spot—
those who carry more whiskers around and below
their face than brains under their scalps—toad-eaters
and boot-licks to their superiors, but are haughty
and disdainful to those whom they consider their
inferiors—and they are all who do not wear epau-
lets and yellow buttons. It is such, I repeat, of
whom I speak, and not such as have duties to do,
and do their duty. These I respect, and will main-
tain.
While on the subject of useless and profligate ex-
penditures, permit me to inquire how many officers
of the navy are there who spend years and years on
land, without doing an hour's service on sea, re-
ceiving quarterly high salaries? Is there no service
for them to do? Then strike them from the rolls as
useless incumbrances and as vampires upon the bo-
som of society. Again: permit me to inquire why
appropriations are made year after year to that worse
than worthless institution—West Point Academy—
a perfect system of profligacy and extravagance, a
nursery of a popinjay aristocracy. Its inmates are
too frequently composed of the sons of rich men,
who receive their education at the public expense,
and when the country wants their service, or when
danger faces them, they throw up their commission
and turn their education to their own private use.
Now, sir, I have presented these abuses, not that I
suppose anything I can do or say at this time will
remedy the evils, but for the purpose of exposing
the reasons why those abuses have not been reme-
died before this time. The democracy have wit-
nessed them with painful anxiety for years, and
have made various attempts to remedy them; and
every attempt has been baffled and defeated by the
opposite party. Are we to be told that we have had
the ascendency in the government, and we should
have reformed the abuses which I have here ex-
posed? Sir, it is but seldom that the government is
in the hands of the democracy. The House may
be democratic and the Senate federal. The Senate
may be democratic and the House federal. And
when both branches have been democratic, there
have always been, unfortunately, a sufficient num-
ber of tender-footed, cork-legged democrats, who,
when added to the federalists, have been able to vote
down avery attempt at retrenchment and reform. I
have many books, as you perceive, on my desk—
they are the journals of this House and of the Sen-
ate, and contain many efforts of the democracy to
reform abuses; and in every attempt they show the
almost entire federal vote against reformation and
retrenchment. 1 assert the fact. Is there any_ whig
on this floor who dares deny it? Now is the time to
deny it. Deny it if you dare. I speak by author-
ity. I speak by the books. Ilere are your names;
contradict me if you dare?
If time would permit, I could show, from these
books, that various corrupt and profligate claims,
extravagant appropriations, and worthless expendi-
tures, have all been presented, advanced, and sus-
tained by whigs and whig votes. If it were possi-
ble to raise the curtain of distance that veils such
iniquities from the people's observation, their rebuke
would be certain and effectual. There is no man
who could be so recreant to his own interest, to the
interest of those who look to him for protection, or
to the honor and welfare of his country, as, for
a moment, to sustain the man or the party of men
whose votes are to be found in these books, in favor
of the profligacy and corruption of which I have
been speaking. There is no remedy, nor will there
be a remedy, for these evils, until the people be
made sensible of them. The remedy is with the
people. I feel as if I wish I had the power of
ubiquity, that I could read these journals to every
American voter; or that I had the voice of thunder;
I would speak in peals that would pierce every ear,
and admonish them of the fraudf that are practised
upon them by their own representatives. I know that
what I am now saying of the abusive practices here,
and in reference to the profligacy of the army, will
be denied by every whig stump orator far and wide,
when neither I nor these books will be present; but
why not contradict me now? It is because no man
here dares do it. I am here and the books are here;
every whig tongue is silent as the grave. I will ex-
pect that the people who read me, when I am assailed,
and when all 1 now say is denied, will demand the
• reason why I am not now contradicted; why the
men who are thus caarged do not now clear their
skirts of these charges. My answer is, they dare
not do it.
But, sir, I have other abuses to speak of—abuses
of a more alarming character than those I have
been speaking of. They are abuses which involve
matters of dollars and cents. Those which I am
going to speak of involve the most sacred princi-
ples of our government—abuses which should make
every lover of our free institutions shudder. My
attention has been called to those abuses by the or-
der taken on the subject by the Senate, which have,
by resolution, appointed a committee to investigate
the frauds practised in the recent presidential elec-
tion. Will that investigation be thorough and im-
partial? I fear not. It will be a one-sided investi-
gation. The Senate have appointed a committee of
Tvhigs from their own body; that committee has
appointed whig commissioners in several of the
principal cities. The result will be, that all the
democratic frauds, if there be any, will be exposed,
multiplied, and magnified; while the whig frauds
will be designedly concealed. It is my intention to
introduce a resolution in this House to appoint a
committee, with power to establish commissions in
the principal cities, to investigate election frauds.
That committee, and those commissions, I will ex-
pect to be democratic. We will then have the
frauds on both sides exposed. If there be frauds,
1 hope they will be exposed; and I hope their per-
petrators will receive the condemnation and the pub-
lic infamy that justice and the purity of the elective
franchise demand.
Sir, it is not merely a spurious vote that contami-
nates the elective franchise and pollutes the ballot-
box. Any undue or fraudulent and corrupt means
that may be used to poison the mind of the elector,
is equally an abuse of the elective franchise, and
equally deserves punishment, and the execration of
every good man and every sound, patriot.
Indulge me, while I expose afew of the corrupt and
iniquitous means which have ever marked the polit-
ical course of the federal party, not only to secure
their elections, but to secure their favorite measures.
It is a fundamental principle of federalism that the
want of intelligence of the common people makes
them unfit for self-government; and they, being of
the uncommon class, should of right be the gov-
ernors. Hence it is that all their means to secure
their elections and their favorite measures are di-
rected to the supposed ignorance and stupidity of
the people. Their usual means are bribery, forgery,
caricature, falsehood, and slander. I will trace up
some of those means frem an early period of our
government, by which the federal party may be
known under whatever name they may have assumed,
or may hereafter assume, for political deception; for
so long as they shall be known by their true name,
and their principles are known to correspond with
their name, the democracy will and must triumph.
Every general election which has been car-
ried in favor of the federal party, has been carried
by a combination of the corruptions and iniquities
which I have named. I begin with the unprincipled
practice they have of changing their name. They
have changed their name with the periodical return
of every presidential election; and this for the pur-
pose of concealing their principles, and deceiving
the people. Their last name was tohig, and that name
they kept as long as it would serve them any pur-
pose; they will never fight another battle under the
banner inscribed tohig. Having exhausted the po-
litical vocabulary, they will return to the abuse and
persecution of the Irish and Germans, which char-
acterized the party in the administration of the elder
Adams. The next flag under which they will fight
wilt bear the inscription of native American. Nothing
is longer to be feared from a change of name. The
people contemplate them as they do a stranger,
who gives himself a new or different name in every
town or vilage through which he passes. They
look upon him as a scape-gallows, or a horse thief,
who merits the rope or the penitentiary.
Caricature and slander are means with them.
These have been the lot of every man of the de-
mocracy who has run for any high station; and no
man received a greater share of them than did Thos.
Jefferson. He was denounced far and wide as an
infidel and a despot; as a reviler of religion, and a
defamer of morals, corrupt in heart, and vicious in
practice. His election, it was said in hypocritical
tears from the sacred desk, would be the overthrow
of the Christian religion, and of all our moral in-
stitutions; dark and damning infidelity would over-
spread the land. The temples erected and dedica-
ted to the worship of the living God would be dese-
crated and converted into stables or the haunts and the
abodes of infidelity; and God's holy word, by his
prophets and apostles, would be publicly submitted
to contemptuous ridicule, and committed to the
flames, ana Tom Paine's Age of Reason was to
be substituted. French infidelity was to usurp the
throne of Christian worship. I hold in my hand
one of the caricatures which were spread over the
country as numerous as autumn leaves. It was an
appeal to the senses of the awful calamities that
awaited the American people in the event of his
election. This caricature, as you perceive, repre-
sents Thos. Jefferson in the act of cowhiding an old
lady, with her throat grasped to suffocation, and her
tongue lolled out, and his foot upon the Bible. Tom
Paine has one hand upon Jefferson's shoulder, and
the other is extended with his Age of Reason prof-
fered as a peace-offering. Beelzebub has his place
as the companion of Jefferson and Paine. Black
Sal is also represented in the act of sweeping; and
Jefferson's salt mountain is seen through the win-
dow.
Jefferson was denounced and ridiculed in prose,
blank-verse, and doggerel rhyme. I hold in my hand
a precious relic of that time. It is a number of
stanzas in doggerel rhyme. I have room but for one
verse, which will serve to show its character and
the spirit of the times. It is in character with some
of the doggerels sung to the abuse and ridicule of
Jackson, Van Buren, and Polk, by the same
party:
"Let dusky Sally's name be changed, '
To that of Isabella;
And let the mountains, all of salt,
Be christened Monticello."
This was one of the federal modes of electioneer-
ing then; and a mode which they continue, infamous
and base as it is, to this day, as we all see, by the
exposes I will make as I progress.
The discussions which we have had on the Ore-
gon and Texas bills serve to identify the modern
whig party with the federal party, as they were in
the administration of Thomas Jefferson. All par-
ties acquire names by their principles, and the meas-
ures which they sustain or oppose. One has but to
look back to the debates on the Louisiana purchase,
to see the full sized portrait of the debates and the
party which were made, and who oppose the annex-
ation of Texas and the possession and occupation
of Oregon. The catch words then were " The United
States as they are. The constitution was made for
the United States as they are." These are now the
catch-words against Oregon and Texas. The argu-
ments used by the federalists against Louisiana are
the same used against Oregon and Texas. The
same speeches then made have been now read to us,
differing in little else but in names. Louisiana was
represented as a pestilencial swamp, abounding in
poisonous reptiles, with alligators enough to fence
it. Texas has been represented as a pestilential
swamp, and Oregon as a mountainous and barren
waste. Such representations have been made of the
entire West, from time to time, as often as this gov-
ernment has attempted to reclaim it. Caricature
has been resorted to, with the intention to alarm and
prejudice the public mind, and allay the spirit of
western enterprise.
I hold in my hand a caricature which represents
a western family returning from the West to the
rock-bound regions of Now England. Here it is.
It represents a family reduced to the last degree of
poverty, sickness, and wretchedness; a rickety cart,
drawn by an old horse, so poor that his bones pro-
trude through the skin; a wife, and several pale
children. The husband is represented as hobbling
on two crutches, crippled with rheumatism, and pale
and cadaverous with fever and ague. The cart has
stopped; the horse is devouring some dry mullen
stalks; while two sickly, ragged boys are making
their way to a cabin seen at a distance, to beg some
bread. I will procure a cut of this caricature, and
give it a place In my printed remarks, to show my
readers that the same disgraceful means were used
to prejudice the public against the purchase of
Louisiana, and other western territory, that are now
used by the party to defeat the acquisition of terri-
tory, as well as to defeat the election of every demo-
cratic candidate who has ever run for President. Of
all modes of slander, caricature has ever been con-
sidered the most cowardly and contemptible; and
the man who is found out in it attaches to himself
forever the frown and contempt of every good,
honorable, and high-minded man in society.
I might present an array of measures hostile to
the prosperity of this country, and calculated to
