Feb, 1845.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
■Army Appropriation Bill—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
eumspection through democratic commercial houses to the
undersigned, London.
('Signed.) PEEL,
WELLINGTON,
J k S. DENNISON,
Committee for US"
There was also a handbill circulated far and wide
promising that, it Mr. Clay should be elected, the
distribution would result to the immediate benefit of
each individual voter, by paying into his own hand
the amount which each would be entitled to of the
portion which Georgia would receive. One of the
arguments used by the whig stumpers in favor of
the election of Mr. Clay, was that if he should be
elected Texas would be annexed. Comment on
such base forgeries, such corrupt bribery, and such
double-dealing, v.-ith an intelligent and honest com-
munity, would seem to be unnecessary; nor would
it be necessary if the people were always possessed
of the proper means of information.
We have read history to but little advantage if
we can view such means without concern, to cor-
rupt the very fountains of our political safety.
That promise to the voter of his portion of the
proceeds of the public lands was a direct bribe to
the voter. The forgery which proposed money by
the British aristocracy, was a fraudulent appeal to
the fears and the patriotism of the voter. These
fraudulent and forged circulars had for their objects
an appeal to the pocket, an appeal to the patriotism,
and an appeal to the fears. It was by such means
that all republics have been overthrown; and it will
be by such means that ours will be overthrown, if
there is not a timely stop put to them. Now is the
auspicious time to put in operation such means as
will forever guard the right of suffrage from such
dangerous influences. To effect an object that must
be near the heart of every good citizen, we must
seize the time when the public mind is calm and tin-
excitcd by party strife; and this is that time. We
havejust passsed an exciting election; that excitement
and that election are over; reason and calm dippas-
sion have resumed their throne; patriotism and love
of country can have their undisturbed sway in the
exercise of so good a work. I do not speak for the
direction of this House. I speak with reference to
our duties as citizens, and to the duty of the State
legislatures.
Georgia estimates her voters by her registered tax
papers. The vote polled at the October elections
showed a greater number of voters than tax payers.
The whig journals, conscious of the charge of
frauds which their corrupt means would subject
them to, raised the cry of "mad dog," and charged
the democracy with double and fraudulent voting,
while subsequent exposures showed that the in-
creased vote over the tax list was greater in federal
counties than democratic counties. The November
elections came of, and they showed a still greater
increase, and the increase greatest in the federal
counties, notwithstanding the increase of population
is greatest in the new counties which are demo-
cratic. That there should be an increased vote
over the tax list is natural to suppose. However
it may be intended that the tax list shall run with
the number of voters, such will not be the fact.
The tax of which I am speaking is called a poll-tax.
Persons over 60 years of age pay no poll tax, nor
those under twenty-one. Young men becoming of
age between the time of the tax list return and the
next election, are permitted to vote before they
are registered. Persons registered as tax-payers
can vote in congressional and presidential elections
in any county m the State, and many poor persons
are not put on the tax-register list. So I repeat
that the tax list is no criterion for the number of
voters, and we can only judge of the effects of the
corrupt means which were used by the whigs m
Georgia, by the increased federal vote in those fed-
eral counties where an increased vote was least ex-
pected. From Georgia I pass to Tennessee. When
the nomination of Colonel Polk was announced,
federalism, hyena-like, was quick on the scent.
But his moral character repelled the beast. His pri-
vate reputation was too pure, too unsullied to be
smitten or even touched by the sirocco breath of
slander. But he was not known. " Who was lie?
who was this little man called James K. Polk, away
down m Tennessee?" was the question; was in the
mouth of every whig, from the great uembodiment"
himself, down to the smallest whig snap in the land.
They have found out who James K. Polk is; and
they displayed an ignorance and a stupidity greater
than that of Balaam's ass by asking the question.
James K. Polk had held the highest office in the
gift of his State, both representative and executive;
and had for many yeas held a seat in the popular
branch of our national legislature; a part of which
time he was chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, the most responsible of all others, with
his name prefixed to every financial report made by
that committee for the time he served. A part of
the time he presided over the deliberations of the
House of Representatives with an ability and a dig-
nity which did credit to him, credit to the body
who placed him there, and honor to the American
nation. All that time his hame was appended to
every law that passed Congress. Notwithstanding
all this, the question in the mouth of every whig
was, " Who is this little man called James K. Polk,
away down in Tennessee?" Such a question was the
result of hypocrisy and deception, worthy of a cor-
rupt party, or the result of an ignorance and stupid-
ity worthy of the jackass.
Those who ask the question can take which horn
of the dilemma they please. The journals were
ransacked to find some vote that Col. Polk had
fiven, out of which political capital could be made.
Tone could be found, except that he voted against
appropriating money out of the national treasury
to purchase wood for the poor people of Georgetown.
True, he gave that vote, because he said at the
time, such a vote for such an appropriation would
be a violation of his oath, and the constitution he
had taken an oath to support. At the time he pro-
posed that every member of the House should give
one day's wages out of his own pocket to the poor
of Georgetown. But little capital could be made out.
of that vote prejudicial to Col. Polk. Next, a charge
was made that he voted against the present pension
law; the journals were produced which showed his
vote to be for the pension law. The journal was
printed in all the democratic papers, and read from
every stump and stuid from which a democrat
spoke; and yet, with a recklessless that defied truth
and the solemn record, it was asserted to the last
that Col. Polk voted against the pension law. What
is such a party not capable of doing? After failing
to find anything against either the moral or political
character of Col. Polk, real or fictitious, that could
be used successfully against him, like the vilest
beast of all beasts, they opened the graves of his
fathers. His father was held up as having been a
tory in the revolution; but the history of his father,
as well as the recollection of some still living, proved
him too young to have either been a tory or a patriot
in the revolution—too young to have taken any
part in the revolution. But the hyena propensity
led them to tear from the grave the body of his
grandfather, and he, they swore, was a tory;
but the character of Ezekiel Polk, and the part he
took in the revolution with the patriots, is matter of
record, and a few of his old compeers still live to
attest the truth of the record.
Ezekiel Polk was one of the first movers in the
revolution; one of the first to light the beacon of
rebellion. He was the first mover in the North
Carolina convention that formed and adopted a
declaration of independence one year before the na-
tional declaration of independence. He was an ac-
tive and powerful agent in the revolution; and, as a
reward for his successes and patriotism, the legisla-
ture of North Carolina elected him colonel of the
county in which he lived; and the magistrates of the
county appointed him sheriff. All these things
were proved by the records, and attested by men
who still live, in whose recollection they are yet
fresh; but notwithstanding all this, there were base
hired minions to yelp in derision "Ztke Polk!" I
travelled through a part of Tennessee a short time
before the election, and I do not think I was half an
hour without hearing some federal spaniel yelp
"Zelce Polk!"
One falsehood more, and I have done with Tennes-
see. It is well known that a part of the plan of
electioneering in the late canvass was to attack and
abuse the prominent friends and supporters of Col.
Polk, with the intent to weaken or destroy their in-
fluence. Under this arrangement General Jackson
came in for a large share of abuse. The falsehood
which I am about to relate involved General Jack-
son, James C. Jones, (governor of Tennessee,) and
a minister of the gospel and standard-bearer of the
holy cross (if u violent politician and a retailer and
pedler of federal falsehoods can be honored with
that name) by the name of Brownlow. General
Jackson is a member of the Presbyterian church;
Governor Jones is a member of the same church.
Brownlow, to show the arbitrary and overbearing
disposition of General Jackson, stated publicly that
General Jackson ordered the minister of his church
to turn a woman (naming her) out of the church.
The minister replied that he could not do so until
complaint should be made, and a trial given, and
the proper forms observed which the rules of
the church required. General Jackson responded,
in an imperious tone, that she must be turned out.
Brownlow gave Governor Jones as his author. A
friend of the General, who heard this public state-
ment made, advised him of it. He forthwith ad-
dressed Governor Jones on the subject, detailing the
statement as Brownlow had published it. Jones
responded promptly, and denied, in unequivocal
terms, that he had ever made such a statement.
Both communications were published in the news-
paper journals, (democratic.) So the matter stood
until after the election; leaving the people to specu-
late and wonder on whom the lie would fall—his
excellency the governor, or the ambassador of
Heaven's despatches. The election came off; when
Brownlow came out publicly with the same state-
ments, and proved, by those who were present
when Jones made the statement, that he had made
it as he (Brownlow) had detailed it. And Jones
has quietly pocketed the lie, and must carry it while
he lives. It will stick to him like the poisoned shirt
of Nessus—a pretty brand for the chief executive
officer of a sovereign State to wear! How does
Tennessee bear her honors, with falsehood branded
deep upon the forehead of her supreme executive
officer? "Oh, shame! where is thy blush?"
But I must pass to Ohio. Yes, sir: truth com-
pels me reluctantly to expose some frauds and for-
geries practised in that State, which, for the honor
of my State, I would like to have forgotten. Some
three or four weeks before the election, a communi-
cation appeared in two of our journals simultaneous-
ly, over the signature of "Roorback," charging
Colonel Polk with branding his negroes on the
back with the initials of his name—"J. K. P."
Sir, one becomes bewildered almost when he con-
templates such an abandonment of every regard for
truth and moral obligation as is displayed in such a
communication. It shows a wantonness and a
criminal daring on the part of the wretch who can
presume so far to defy public opinion as to be guilty
of such an outrage; but the reflection is still more
mortifying when we can contemplate a public state
of morals so abandoned and vitiated as to tolerate
such an outrage. When we contemplate the ab-
sence of all the virtues that tolerates such a false-
hood, and such a black and damning slander, we
lose confidence in governmental and political institu-
tions, and we feel as if we are unsafe in our prop-
erty, our persons, and in our reputation. We feel
benighted, and as if we were thrown into that state
of heathen darkness from which the world was re-
deemed by a Mediator.
This reckless slander reminds me of a pious and
talented divine, who, when speaking of the in-
creased moral and religious obligations which our
redemption brought us under, and our often reck-
less disregard of them, in mercy to man we were
sometimes involuntarily brought to regret that the
star of Bethlehem led to the discovery of a Re-
deemer.
It is the duty of every member of society to do
his part to preserve that state of morals, public, and
private, which the Christian religion imposes; and
should they be neglected, and permitted to fall or
collapse into that state of darkness which even a
heathen would loath, we are all accountable, in
proportion to the means and influences which are
in our power to maintain them. When any people
lose confidence in the laws to which they look for
protection, either in the enjoyment of their civil or
religious rights, they soon discover that they have
nothing either to fear or hope from them. They
throw off all restraints, and immediate anarchy
takes the place of legal regularity. The whole ma-
chinery of government, as well civil as religious,
becomes at once a perfect wreck. Personal secu-
rity is the foundation of all governments; and all
laws, whenever they fail to give that security, lose
all obligations due to them, and all duties and sub-
missions to them aie at an end; and with the over-
throw of civil government, down goes your reli-
gious government. The former may stand for a
time without the latter, but the latter cannot stand
a d <y without the former. Every good citizen,
whether he be a Christian or a mere moralist, looks
upon his reputation as the first object of the law's
care and protection; and it should be the glory, as
it is the boast, of our laws, to equally defend all our
citizens, high and low, rich and poor—as well the
character of the most humble poor man as that of
