416
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GtOftE.
28th Cong 2d Sess.
Army Appropriation Bill—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Jteps,
him who occupies the most lofty station. But
when the character of him who is without a stain,
and whose position in society is such as to merit the
most lofty official position that man can hold by the
free suffrage of twenty millions of free people, can
be assailed with the most blighting and withering
slander with impunity, what security can the hon-
est man in the humble walks of life hope for? When
falsehood and detraction can sport with the reputa-
tion of the most reputable with such wantonness
arid fearless effrontery, who is it that can con-
sider his reputation has a moment's security? If
age, the m03t lofty position, the most unspotted char-
acter, and a life devoted to the highest interests of
its country, can find no security from the poisoned
shafts of calumny, where is the inducement to virtue
and patriotism? One of the strongest marks of the
freedom of our institutions is the freedom of the
press; but was it ever contemplated by those who
made the freedom of the press a fundamental prin-
ciple of our republican institutions, that it should be
used to defame and blacken the reputation of those
whom it might choose to make its victims by ground-
less falsehood. The press, when directed to the
public good, is the greatest blessing that a free or
an enslaved people can enjoy; but when perverted
to the base purposes of slander and falsehood, it is
the most blighting curse that can afflict a nation.
The press is a lever that can move the moral and
political world, either for good or for evil. It can
shake and totter the despot's throne, or it can bring
to slavery and chains a free people; it can break the
crosier or imprison the soul at its will. All this
it has done, and can do again. In this country, it
can perpetuate our republican institutions, and
spread human liberty still wider, or it can overthrow
both. When wielded for good, there is no despot's
arm to arrest its progress. If wielded for evil, it can
meet with no restraint but the disapprobation of the
good; and even those who express that disap-
probation, however exalted their station, may be
made to quail before it by a repetition of its
abused power. The newspaper journals were for-
merly the medium through which the lessons
of morality, virtue, and patriotism were taught to
the people; and so long as they were devoted to
such holy purposes, they were held in a respect al-
most approaching reverence and adoration. The
principles which they advanced were held as the
rules of faith in morals and patriotism. But how
changed! They are now feared as the reckless and
abandoned slanderer, and hated as the pander of
of falsehood and detraction. The press that could
lend itself for so base a purpose as the publication
of the charge on Colonel Polk, signed Roorback, is
not free, nor can its publications be regarded as
freedom of the press. It is the base-bought minion
of a corrupt master; and such have been most of
the federal presses ever since the people of this
country commenced shaking off the trammels which
the banks and other incorporations ,and monopoli-
zing institutions had woven around them. Freedom
of the press has almost become an obsolete idea; for
many years past editors and newspapers have been
articles of political commerce; they have been
bought and sold like cattle in the market, or sheep
in the shambles, and at all prices, from that paid by
the United States Bank for Jim Watson Webb,
§52,000, down to that paid for tlie back woods
county court advertiser, by the leanest shinplaster
manufactory. But I have given too much time
to Roorback. I think if moral dignity has yet any
place in the American character, he will find his
reward in the indignant frown and withering eon-
tempt of every good man of both parties, to which
I hereby consign him.
But of more frauds and forgeries in Ohio. It is
well known that Birney was the candidate for the
presidency of the abolition party. Of the ordinary
corrupt means and undue influences that were used
by the federalists to secure the abolitionists in Ohio
for Mr. Clay, I will not speak. I speak of extraordi-
nary means and extraordinary corruptions. A few
days before the presidential election, a forged commu-
nication made its appearance, purporting to be from
under the hand of J. G. Birney, declining to longer
stand as. the candidate of the abolition party. In
the North he was represented as hating declined in
favor of Mr. Clay, as more was to be expected from
him for jthe abolition cause than from Col. Polk, as
he (Clay) was opposed to the annexation of Texas.
In the South he was represented to have declined
in favor .of Col. Polk, with a view to array the
slaveliolding interests against him, and to neutralize
the unfavorable impressions making 'against
Clay owing to the preference given to him in the
North by the abolitionists in consequence of his
opposition to the annexation of Texas. That was
a two-edged sword made to cut in favor of Clay in
the North and against Polk in the South.
That letter of Birney was endorsed by the whig
central State committee of Ohio as genuine; and, in
consequence of that endorsement, passed off as a
genuine document, and to a great extent did the
business it was intended to do. Its work was so
effectual in Ohio that the abolition vote for Birney
was but six thousand; whereas for King, the aboli-
tion candidate at the October election, the vote was
upwards of nine thousand. When it was too late
Birney's refutation made its appearance, but with
no other good effect than to impress upon the pub-
lic mind a valuable admonition that extreme caution
against such corrupt and deep and dark plans to
deceive them is the highest obligation they owe
themselves. Who committed that forgery? Public
opinion fixed it on the whig State central committee,
and on them public opinion will clinch and rivet
it. He who will endorse a falsehood or a forgery,
will commit both. I am told that this forgery was
endorsed by the whig central committe of Indiana;
and in that State it did large business for the whig
electoral ticket. If I am wrong, some member from
the State can correct me.
While on the State of Indiana, permit me to name
another circumstance, which shows an alarming
state of moral and political depravity, which noth-
ing but a diseased and distempered state of political
excitement would tolerate. I had the honor of ad-
dressing a democratic mass meeting of the citizens
of Indiana, at the Rising Sun. The whig party had
a barbecue on the same day, at the same place.
Prom the head of their marching columns was dis-
played the American flag. That flag was borne by
a convict of the Indiana penitentiary, yet fresh, reek-
ing in disgrace and infamy, and with the sickening
stench of the penitentiary yet enveloping his loath-
some person. Excuse me from comment on such a
disgusting scene.
I now pass to the whig frauds of New York; and
I will have time to notice but a few of them. I was
not conversant myself with the whole system of
bribery practised, or attempted to be practised, in
New York. I believe it will not be denied that
money was poured out and spread over the State
like water, to buy up democratic votes. I have been
furnished with one case, where a man stated at the
polls that he had received twenty-five dollars on his
promise to vote for Mr. Clay. In conformity with
his promise, he put a ballot in the box with the
name of "Henry Clay for Coroner" on it, stating
that that was a sufficient redemption of his promise.
Another individual stated at the polls that he had
been offered two dollars, but that he had refused to
take it, and pointed out one of the inspectors of the
election, and another individual who was standing
by, as the individuals who had offered the bribe.
Another man stated at the polls that he had received
forty dollars, at sundry times, to vote for Mr. Clay,
but voted the democratic ticket openly. I have only
named these four instances to show the truth of the
charge that a grand and wide-spread system of
bribery was adopted to corrupt and bribe every man
that could be corrupted and bribed; and that iniqui-
tous system was carried so far as to invade the very
sanctuary of justice, guarded and defended as it was
by the solemnity of an oath, binding the conscience
while here, and the soul to the throne of an eternal
responsibility. I could fill a book with glaring in-
stances of frauds which I have collected in various
other States, but which 1 have no time to men-
tion.
But before I quit New York, I wish to speak of
one fraud which was played off upon the democra-
cy. It is well known that there is a new faction,
under an old name, springing up: I mean the name
of "Native American." I will probably | ay my
respects to that faction before the close of this ses-
sion; at present, I will only say that the object of
the faction is to deprive the foreigner, who flees from
despotism, of the rights of a free citizen. It is an
old firm under a new sign, it is a portion of the
same party, under a new name, that were crushed
to the dust, as the worm is crushed, by the election
of Thomas Jefferson. In one of the democratic
processions in New York city, it was so contrived
as to push a federal native American, bearing aloft a
banner inscribed "Americans shan't rule us." The
bearer was rudely thrust out of the procession.
When another division of the procession marched
up, the bearer of the flag again entered, and again
was thrust out. But the object of the fraud was
secured. The foreigner's banner wag seen in the
procession, and the charge went forth with the ra-
pidity of horizontal lightning, that the flag was gen-
uine, and was represented as a daring and defying
bravado of the Dutch and the Irish—a presump-
tuous declaration of their strength and their Bum-
bers, and an arogant attempt at the usurpation and
the control of the government; and all goad, and
true Americans, who loved their country, were, ap-
pealed to, as they revered the memory and the revo-
lutionary services of their fathers, to march ;te. the :
polls to their country's rescue, and to redeem their
cherished and free institutions from the hands of the
degraded swarms of the ruffian vassals of Germany
and Ireland. How far that fraud may have influ-
enced the election, others are as capable of judging
as I am. As usual in our elections, the country
was threatened with poverty and ruin in the event
of the success of the democracy.
I hold in my hand a loaf of black bread. It is
composed of saw-dust and wheat bran, cemented
with* a small quantity of molasses. This, the peo-
ple were told, was the bread which the "common"
people were to eat in the event of Polk's election;
a Laeedeemonian poverty was to overspread the
country, and the people were to be fed on "black
bread and broth.'" This loaf of black bread is of the
proper size to fill the pocket of a whig demagogue;
and was carried from barbecue to barbecue, and I
suppose displayed from every ash stump in the land,
and no one to bless it. Ah, sir; who are they who
eat black bread? Go to the States of Europe and
you can answer that question. Go where monopo-
lies and high tariff protection prevail, and you will
find millions who eat black bread. Go to England,
where a national bank and a high protection have
thrown the entire real and personal wealth of the
nation into the possession of less than three hun- ,
dred thousand of an aristocracy, and by which
more than twenty millions are ground down in pov-
erty to the du-t and the grave: there, sir, you will
find black bread, and those who eat it. But extend
your travel to Spain; you will find millions who
have to eat black bread in sorrow and slavery by ,
the same system of monopoly, while a few, who
are the recipients of the benefits of that monopoly, ■
riot in wealth and luxury. Progress in your tour •
of discovery, and you will soon arrive at Portugal,
where you will find the maxim of aristocracy ("the ,
better-born should govern") ia full blast, with all its
benefits, you will find the entire mass of the common
people reduced to bondage, while "the better-bom,n
but few in number, riot m luxury wrung from the
sweat of those who have been reduced to bondage
by a long and cherished system of monopoly and
exclusive privileges; there, too, you will find black .
bread. Turn your face to the north; traverse the
vast dominions of a Russian autocrat, and you will
find, by the same system of monopoly and exclu- ,
sive privileges, even a worse state of bondage. You
will find a proud and haughty nobility scattered he.re
and there over the country. You will also find a
population of millions, and many millions too, who
only distinguish themselves to be the sonsanddaugh-
ters of Adam, by walking erect. They are with-
out responsible souls; their bodies are the property
of a master; mere serfs, sunk in degradation; chained *
to the landed property, and transferred with it from
master to master, as the horses and cattle, of which,
in every civil, responsible, and political sense, they
are a part. There, too, they eat black bread. Who '
is it here that would throw the government mto the
control of "the better born'1" Sir, that was a maxim
with the federal leaders at the formation of our gov-
ernment, and has been so fium that day to this.
Who are they who have exerted themselves from
the first day of our national legislation to this day, to
fix upon the country a national b.uik and a highpro-
tective tariff, and an organized system of monopolies
and exclusive privileges, which have the direct ten-
dency, and are intended to have the effect to reduce
"the common people" of this country to a state of Eu-
ropean bondage? 1 answer: the whig federal party.
The men and the party of men who displayed this
loaf of black bread in hypocrisy, deception,and fraud.
This government has no power to manufacture and
bestow privileges to any man, party of men,orasso-
ciations. It lias no power to adopt any system of pol-
icy that will operate to the benefit of o«g class of
men to the exclusion or prejudice of all others. No,;
system of policy can be adopted, whether it be a sy3-\ -
tem of protection, or of monopoly, that will
not be partial and oppressive in its operations
to all classes of society, with the exception^
