1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
298,1,
tion. If the Senator's sense of fluty will permit
him to let the matter lie over, I shall be gratified
if he will do so.
Mr. MORRILL. I am aware that the Senator
from Missouri on this side of the Chamber has
taken a deep interest in this bill, but 1 propose
to oiler an amendment which I supposed to some
extent would obviate the objection broughtagainst
it by him.
Mr. BROWN. I will state to the Senator
from Maine that my colleague sent word to the
Senate to-day asking, if the bill came up, to have
it laid over if possible.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that is
enough.
- Mr. MORRILL. This bill is of the very
greatest importance, and I have pressed it once
or twice on the Senate; but I feel that I have teen
a little negligent, that I have not pressed it on the
Senate at an earlier day; but under this appeal
perhaps 1 ought not to press it at present, and I
withdraw my motion.
freedmen's bureau.
Mr. SUMNER, Now 1 move to proceed to
the consideration of House bill No. 51, to estab-
lish a Bureau of Freed men's Affairs.
Mr. McDOUGALL called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 11, as follows:
YEAS—-Me-ssr-*. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ness, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Grimes, Harlan, Harris,
Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Sprague, Stunner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade,"Wilkinson,
and Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Garble, Hendricks,Johnson,
McDougall,Nesmith,Powell, Riddle, Saul«bury, Van Win-
kle, and WtUev—11.'
ABSENT—Messi&.Collamer, Cowan, Davis,Dixon, Fos-
ter, Hale, [larding, Iiendeison, Ilicks, Howard, Howe,
Lane of Indiana, Richardson, Sherman, and Wright—15.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I dusstro to mention in
connection with the vote just taken that my col-
league [Mr. Cowan] is detained from the Senute
by indisposition. ,
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the courtesy of
the Senator fiom Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
to allow me to offer a resolution not for present
consideration but to go upon the table.
Mr. CONNESS and Mr. SUMNER. What
is it?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will be read for information.
The Secretary lead, as follows;
Resolved, Tliatthf people of the United States can never
regard with inditFerence the attempt of any foreign Power
to overthrow by loice oi to supplant by frajid the institu-
tions of any republican Government on the western con-
tinent, and that they wiil viqw with extreme jealousy, as
menacing to the pcaee and independence of their own
country, the effoifs of any such Power to obtain any foot-
holds for monarchical Governments sustained by foreign
military force in near proximity to the United States.
Mr. CONNESS. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, the resolution cannot be received.
Mr. McDOUGALL. i give notice then of the
resolution for to-morrow morning, when I shall
call it up for consideration. I suppose that is
sufficient notice.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No notice is
required to introduce a mere lesolution. At the
proper time when in order the Senator can offer
a resolution without notice. The objection now
is that a bill is pending before the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I shall present it at the
first opportunity.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (H.
R. No. 51) to establish a Bureau of Freedmen's
Affairs is before the Senate us in Committee of
the Whole, the question being on the amendment
reported by the select committee on slavery and
freedmen.
Mi. GRIMES. It will be observed that in the
second section of the amendment proposed by the
select committee on slavery and freedmen it is
provided that the Commissioner who is to have
chat gc of this bureau " shall have authority, un-
der the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
to create departments of freedmen within the rebel
States, so far as the same may be brought under
the military power of (ho United States;" but
then> is no limit to the num!>ei of these depart-
ments. 1 propose to amend that clause by insert-
in"- alter the word " States'' in the fourth line
the woids " not to exceed two in each State."
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to that.
Theamendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move in line ten of that
section after the word " needed" to insert " not
to exceed four in each State," so as to limit the
number of local superintendents and clerks.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection.
Theamendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. Now I propose to strike out
the eleventh and twelfth lines of that section, and
insert the words "$1,500." That will give to
these local superintendents and clerks $1,500 com-
pensation. The section now provides that they
shall receive " a compensation not exceeding the
ordinary rate for similar services, subject, in all
respects, to the approval of the Secretary."
I do not suppose there is any "ordinary rate
for similar services."
Mr. SUMNER. The judgment of the Senator
on that question certainly is fully as good as mine,
and I should be disposed to defer to it. I merely
call his attention to this point, whether it may not
happen that in some parts of the country the ser-
vice that is desired cannot be obtained for $1,500;
and if so, whether upon the whole it might not be
better to leave this question of compensation to the
discretion of the Secretary. As it now stands, if
does come back upon his discretion. I put that
as an inquiry to the Senator. I say that 1 shall
defer to his judgment upon it; he is more familiar
with that part of the country than I am; but the
practical question is whether if you insert the limit-
ation proposed by the Senator you may not in
some way constrain the operations of the Depart-
ment, whether you may not oblige yourself tore-
sort to an inferior kind of service which will not
be competent to do the work required.
Mr, GRIMES. The committee themselves
have fixed the compensation of the Assistant Com-
missioner, who is a superior officer to the super-
intendents and clerks, at $2,000, and i thought
that 1 was providing for a very liberal compensa-
tion to these subordinate officers in comparison
with the Assistant Commissioner, who is to re-
ceive §5,000, when 1 proposed that they should
receive $1,500. The Senator will observe that in
the seventh line of this section it is provided that
these Assistant Commissioners shall receive an an-
nual salary of $2,000, and they have authority
" to appoint local superintendents and clerks, so
far as the same may be needed, not to exceed
four in each State, at a compensation not exceed-
ing $1,500." That is the way I propose to amend
tt. I think that will command the best talent that
may be required for this service.
Mr. POMEROY. I think §1,500 is a fair com-
pensation.
Mr. GRIMES. Very liberal compensation.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the compensation
the Indian agents have. . f think we had better
settle on it.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Theamendmentto the amendment wasagreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have one or two amend-
ments to propose, in the third line of the first
section of the amendment of the committee i move
to sti ike out " Treasury Department" and insert
" Department of the Interior." 1 am not in favor
of the bill, but I think this matter should go un-
der the Interior Department if under any Depart-
ment. It does not relate to the Treasury or to
the management of the finances of the country,
but contemplates a supeivision over a class of
persons m the country. The management of the
Indians is somewhat analogous to it, and yet that
belongs to the Interior Department. There are
disbursements of money, to be sure, connected
with the management of the Indians; but those
disbuisements are made under the supervision of
the Interior Department. Pensions, and the like
of that, relating to different individuals and classes
of persons, are all placed under the charge of the
Interior Department. It seems to me that it is
proper, in connection with the general system we
have, that this should be icferred to the Interior
rather than the Treasury Department.
Mr. SUMNER. The point to which the Sen-
ator directs attention was considered very care-,
fully by the conimittce. W<-rethisa momentol
p.Mcc, 1 believe the committee would have been
unanimous in adopting the idea of the Senator.
Indeed, it seems to me, the reasons for it, if this
were a' moment of peace, aie absolutely unan-
swerable. It is in the Interior Department that
we place the Bureau of Indian Affairs, the Bu-
reau of Pensions, the Bureau of Patents, the Bu-
reau of Public Lands, and this certainly would fie
more or less germane with all those interests. It
would naturally be lodged in the Same Depart-
ment with them. Naturally it belongs to the In*
terior; there can be no question about it. The
Senator, therefore, is perfectly right when he
makes the suggestion. But the Senator should
take into consideration that at this moment we
are acting provisionally and not permanently un-
der suggestions growing out of the pre&ont.state
of the country, and not as if we were in a condi-
tion of permanent peace..'
In placing the bureau where the committee have
placed it, they followed what seemed to be the
necessities of the case. Congress by previous
legislation has practically placed the bureau there,
in the Treasury Department, or rather it has ren-
dered it necessary that the bureau should be
placed there, unless Congress was willing by,le-
gislation on this matter to createaconflictbetweon-
two diffeientDepartments. Congiess hasalready
placed in the Treasury Department the control of
the business relations between the rebel States
and the loyal States, and also the control of the
abandoned lands and plantations in the rebel
States. Now, as 1 tried to exhibit to the Senate
the other day when I opened this question, the
main interest for the moment in regard to the
freedmen is how to bring them in connection with
the lands. If you go beyond that, if you under-
take to provide means for tlieir support, you as-
sume what 1 believe the country really does not
expect you to assume, and what I believe those
who have the welfare of that people mostat heart
do not venture to counsel. We desire to secure
to that people opportunity—opportunity to work;
that is the main point, and that can be secured
only by bringing them in connection with the
lands. The care and guardianship of those lands
where it is proposed to place the freedmen has
already by previous legislation been lodged with
the Treasury Department. Theiefore, naturally
and logically it seemed to follow, unless you were
willing to create a conflict between two different
Departments or between the agents of two differ-
ent Departments, that you should place the care
of the Ireedmen in the same Department.
' Sir, I am not alone in this view. The other
day I presented it and gave some opinions on the
subject. I have here a letter; it was written as a
private letter from Mr. Owen, well known to the
Senator from Indiana, from which I will lead a
passage:
11 ft will never do to have Treasuiy agents who lease the
lands to while men, and War Department agents who as-
sign the same lands to eoloicd people. Nothing but con-
fusion and conflict of authority can result; itwill not work
at all ; but even if it would, why employ two set-; Of agents
to do what one set can do so much better? And who is to
inspect the leased plantations, and see to it that neither
employe*s nor employed aie wronged? The men who give
the leases to them are Treasury agen.ts, and have nothing
to do with heedmen or the needmen's commissioners;
but whatauthouty can they have over men who do not hold
their teases from them ? The men who have the care of
the laborer ought to have the leasing of ihe land and the
inspection of the leases, and they should be authorized to
lease equally to white and to colored people."
But this is not all. I hold in my hand a docu;
merit which was not printed when I addressed the
Senate before on this subject, though, having pe-
rused it in manuscript, I refei red to it. It is a part
of the report of the freedmen's commission,ap-
pointed by the Secretary of War to consider,
amon^ other questions, the very one'which is now
before the Senate. In the coutseol the document
the commission express the following explicit
opinions:
,s But, in the judgment of the commission, the most se-
rious crior in connection with the present arrangements for
the care and protection of these people arises out ot the
assignment to a different agency of the care and disposal of
the abandoned plantations."
The Senator from Indiana will observe how
completely that is an answer to his proposition
to place the Bureau of Freedmen in the Depart-
ment of the Interior, because, as I have already
said, Congiess has placed the care of the aban-
donee! plantations in another Department.
The commissioners proceed:
"To enter into the detail ol all the evIN and abuses that
h,-i\e anstn out oi this eiroi, and which ate unavoidably
so long a-> it continues to exist. would occupj too great a
space m tins icport. Sulfite it to say that it is the source
ot the greatest confusion and a peiprtual collision between
the different local authorities, in which net only the eman-
cipated population but the Government itself suffers the
most serious? injuries arid losses.5'
