1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
the Government; I am desirous to support the
Governmentin any policy that I can consistently,
which they may adopt, and I will do it unflinch-
ingly; but I have a right to ask, as a legislator,
that in imposing these burdens, or in granting
these privileges as I may say, you shall remember
the people behind that have got the rest of the
taxes to pay. - *
1 listened with pain to the argument of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts the other day. I should
not have said " the argument." I do not regard
it as an argument. I listened with pain to the rid-
icule he sought to throw upon the position of those
like myself under the name of State rights, and
he appealed to the Senate not to listen to this pro-
vision to have taxes assessed by the States be-
cause the claim was made in the name of State
rights, and he wanted to induce the Senate, be-
cause Mr. Mason, or somebody else, had stood
up here in the Senate and said he owed no alle-
giance to the Government 
Mr. SUMNER. I never alluded to that.
Mr. CLARK. I know the Senator did not al-
lude to it in terms, but the abuse and the odium
produced upon State rights is done by that very
thing, which is included as the less is included in
the greater.
Now, sir, while I deprecate the use that was
made of State rights, and while I repudiate the
doctrine of State rights entirely as they held it,
I say the States have rights, and the States have
duties, and nobly have the loyal States performed
those duties; and it is not fair to the States to
try to cast this odium upon them. Why, sir, if
it had not been for these loyal States—and they
claim nothing under State rights—you could not
have put your men in the field; and if it had not
^beeti for the banks in the States the States could
not have put their men in the field. Break down
the banks in my State, and you break down the
institutions which carry the State debt, you break
down the institutions which carry the county
debt, and you breakdown the institutions which
carry the town debts to a very great extent, and
you leave us entirely just as you would be left if
you had no moneyed institutions. In my judg-
ment, it is quite as well that the Government
should be left without banks as it is that the States
should he left without banks. It is the part of
patriotism for us all to stand together, each bear-
ing, as 1 said, its share. There should be no
complaint of one class from another. I would
leave the towns to tax their shareholders where
the shares of the stock are held. We have had
' the experience of it fgr thirty years; we have
found it to be an experience that has worked well,
and we are loth to quit it and try new schemes,
especially schemes which separate one portion of
property from another, one class of men from an-
other, and impose a burden on one which they
do not impose on another.
These are my views, Mr. President, shortly,
succinctly expressed. But I dosay that I should
deprecate, as I deprecate anything of this kind
the removal of this class of property from the tax
ation of the States. I say you should let the
States tax the shareholders in your national banks,
and bring the States into the support of your na-
* tional banks, not into hostility to them. If you
allow the States to derive the same advantage
from these banks by taxation which they derive
from other property they will come to your sup-
port, they will allow the State banks to be changed
without much objection, if any, readily, in order
to support the Government; but let it be under-
stood that you are going to withdraw the capital
of these banks from the control of the States, that
vou are going to take it away from their control
for taxation and give it to this Government en-
tirely, leave them to defray alone the debts of the
States, the debts of the counties, the debts of the
towns and cities, and the support for years and
years as they will of the families of the men who
have gone out to sustain your Government, and
tin y will feel it to be a hardship—not that they
will hesitate in their loyalty; they will stand by
the General Government; they will stand by the
General Government to the last, well knowing
that when the Government goes it goes with a
sweep that sweeps everything away; but they do
ask you so to arrange this matterof business that
they and you can stand together and have equal
shares and parts in this great Government which
they help you to preserve.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I want to reserve the
right of taxation to the States, counties, and towns,
for the reason that it has in it the power to de-
stroy these institutions if necessary. The time
may come, as it once was, when the people of
this country will not want a United States bank;
and I desire to give to every city, county, and
State the power to destroy it if that time shall
come. I vote for this bill because it is deemed
by the Secretary of the Treasury a necessity for
the maintenance of the country at this crisis. But
for that, any United States bank bill would meet
my fiercest opposition.
If our country were at peace I should feel it to
be a duty that I owed to my constituents to ask
for time from the Senate to denounce this scheme.
I opposed it when it was in existence; I spat upon
its grave after it was buried; and I am now in-
duced to support it because my country demands
it; and when the Senator from Michigan tells me
that the power to tax these institutions gives to
the people the power to destroy it, I am satisfied.
I should vote that authority to the cities, counties,
and States.
Mr. SUMNER. .If it were in order I would
move an amendment to the proposition under con-
sideration; but as it is not I propose to make it
in the form of a suggestion to my friend who has
moved this amendment. It is not in order I take
it, because the amendment now under considera-
tion is an amendment to an amendment, and that
is as far as we can go. 1 understand from the
Senator who has offered this amendment that he
desires to exempt the shares of individual propri-
etors from local taxation.
Mr. POMEROY. Will the Senator be pleased
to read his amendment that we may see what it
is ?
Mr. SUMNER. On a careful study of the Sen-
ator's amendment I do not think it is successful
in carrying out that idea, and I therefore propose
to add these words, " but the shares of the stock-
holders shall not be subject to any State, county,
or municipal taxation.'* These words willcome
in at the end of the Senator's amendment, and
they will make his idea perfectly clear, so that
hereafter there can be no question if the Senator
accepts the proposition.
Mr. POMEROY. My amendment displaces
precisely that language in the amendment re-
ported by the committee on Finance. My amend-
ment is in the place of the proviso in the amend-
ment reported by the committee; and I think that
as it stands it does not allow the shares to be taxed
to anybody.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems tome from reading
the amendment of the Senator, that if it were left
to stand as it is, the shares of individual proprie-
tors would be liable to local taxation. I must
say that is my opinion on considering the amend-
ment, and I find that it is the opinion of other
Senators about me who have considered it care-
fully also.
As I have said already in this debate, what 1
am ready to do I want to do thoroughly, and as
I have made up my mind to support this meas-
ure and to organize this national bank, I want to
do what I can, to the extent of my vote and my
counsels, so far as they may be of any value—
I set very little on them myself—to make the in-
stitution as strong as possible. Wecannothope
that it can succeed unless we make it as strong as
possible. If we leave it exposed to any hostile
influence from without, from another jurisdiction
whether Stafe or municipal in any way, I feel that
we do not do justice to our own work; we leave
it exposed.
I think, therefore, the idea of the Senator whose
amendment is under consideration will be carried
out and completed if he accepts the words which
I now propose.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it is not m my power
to accept the Senator's proposition, because the
yeas and nays have been ordered upon my amend-
ment, and I think my amendment is more perfect
without those words than with them.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, then; it is not in
my power to move it. Perhaps at some other
stage it will be. , • , ,
Mi. POMEROY. If the amendment which I
have moved shall prevail, the Senator can then
move further to amend by adding the words he
proposes.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, the question
involved is whether the shareholders- in the na-
tional banks shaH be subject to taxation by State
and municipal authority. It is argued that th^y
should not on the ground of hardship, and hard*,
ship enough to defeat the measure. Let us see.
The capital stook of these ban Ire is or,may be
wholly indebtedness of the United States to the
shareholders, or, in other words, they have Made
loans to the Government, whieh are evidenced by
Government bonds bearing six per, eent. interest
payable as welt as the principal in gold; = Upon
depositing these bonds in the Treasury,~©oirern-
ment furnishes to the bank ninety per cent, of
their value in bank notes intended for circulation,
and imposes one per cent, annually as.a tax upon
that circulation.
The first thing to be noted is, that the bond
deposited bears interest at six per cent, in gold,
which would not be extravagant if the lender had
lent gold. Such, however, w|ts not the case; the
loan was made in currency, to-day yortb say
sixty cents on the dollar, would reduce the actual
value of a $1,000 bond to $600. For this $600
Government pays $60 in gold, equal to ten per
cent, per annum. This $60 may be sold for $100 ,
in currency, thus raising the rate to sixteen and
two thirds per cent, in paper, which, st> far as
the Government is concerned is the same as gold,
because it is bound to redeem it in gold. What-
ever his bond may have been worth, he receives
annually for the use of it $100 in currency—at
least a fair compensation. TheGoverment, how*
ever, by this scheme proposes to do still better,
and when the bond becomes bank stock delivers
to him ninety per cent or $900 of bank notes for
circulation. Three fourths of this amount he
may, as banker, realize interest upon again by
either loaning it to the Government or to the peo-
ple. Suppose to the latter at six per cent., he
would then receive $40 50; and from this sum one
per cent, on the $900, or $9 must be deducted,
leaving $31 50. This added to the $100 received
on the bond makes $131 50 clear per annum for
the use of $600 real or $1,000 paper, which one
would think was doing very welt by way of com-
pensation, And yet it is argued that this bond-
holder, thus receiving thirteen per ccnt. upon an
investment of $1,000, whieh was really worth
but $600, cannot afford to pay his share of the
local taxes. What is there to prevent him from
reinvesting his interest or his profits in Govern-
mentstocks and Government banks again on the
same terms,and thus receive in the end the whole
in gold? In this aspect the rate of the profit rises
enormously, for, starting with the $600 originally
loaned, it becomes nearly twenty-two per cent.
I beg Senators to make this calculationfor them-
selves, because it seems to mo there is great mis-
apprehension as to the real nature of the working
of the laws of a depreciated currency, and of the
amount to be realized by shareholders out of these
banks. If I am right, I think it impossible that
any one can complain of the provision made by
the amendment of the Committeeon Finance, and
I hope that the amendment proposed here may
fail- r . . ,
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I inquired
just now of the Senator from Kansas whether his
amendment does more than is done by that part
of the bill that came from the House of Repre-
sentatives which is proposed by the Finance Com-
mittee to be stricken out, and whether, if I was
right in that, he proposed to substitute his for
what is to he stricken out on the recommendation
of that committee. That part of the bill which
the committee advise us to strike out says:
"Nothing in this act shall be construed to prevent the
taxation by States of the capital stock of banks organized
under this act the same as the property of other moneyed
corporations for State or municipal purposes ; but no State
shall impose any tax upon such associations,'ra their cap-
ital, circulation, dividends, or business, at a higher rate of
taxation than shaft be imposed by sijcli State upon the same
amount of moneyed capital in the tiandrf of individual cit-
izens of such State : Provided, That no State tax shall be
imposed on any part of the capital stock of'sueii association
invested in tiie bonds of the United States deposited as
security for its cnculu^ion."
I am not sure that I have collected the true
meaning of the amendment offered by the mem-
ber from Kansas; but so far as I understand it, it
does no more than is done by the bill as it came
from the House of Representatives; so that it
loaves subject to State taxation everything of cap-
ital in the bank, and all the business of the bank
except such portion of its capital as may be in-
