2932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
The commissioners then proceed to quote the
opinion of General Banks on the very question
started by the Senator from Indiana, it is us
follows:'
" The assignment of the abandoned or forfeited planta-
tions^ one Department of tile Government, and the pio-
tection and support of the emancipated people to anothei,
ife a fundamental error productive of incalculable evils, and
cannot Oe too soon or too thoroughly corrected."
So far General Banks. The commissioners
then proceed;
" And this is the purport of all the testimony which the
commission has been able to obtain, not in the department
of the Gulf only, but everywhere m relation to the matter.
"The unhesitating judgment of every person, official or
othet, not iriteiested in the opportunities it affords for
speculation with whom we have consulted, coincides with
that, of General Banks. All, without exception, declare
that no system can avail to effect the great objects contem-
plated, that does not assign to one and the same authonty
the caie and disposal of the abandoned plantations and the
care and protection of the emancipated laborers who are
to cultivate them.
" And, after the most thorough investigations, I am au-
thorized m raying that this is the deliberate judgment of
the commission."
Now, sir,this is the answer to the proposition
of the Senator from Indiana. In order to make
his proposition practical, he must proceed sull
further, and take from tile Treasury Department
the supeiintendence of the business relations
between the loyal and disloyal States, and that
other branch which has followed on the first, the
care of the abandoned plantations and captured
property. It was after a most careful review of
the whole question, contemplating it m every pos-
sible light, and I may say beginning with a con-
viction that the bureau ought not to be lodged m
the,Treasury Department, that 1 was brought to
the conclusion that at the present moment there
was no other place where it could be lodged with
any reasonable chance of its accomplishing the
good which wo hope from it.
But I wish the Senate to bear in mind that I
speak only for the present time, if we were es-
tablishing a permanent bureau to continue here-
after when the war is closed, or for an indefinite
time during peace, than it should be placed where
the Senator from Indiana proposes to place it.
But until then, it seems to me, it must be placed
in the Treasury Department, unless we choose
to lake from that Department thai other branch
of business to which I have referred.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator says that
if we were m a time of peace he would be in fa-
vor of the proposition. How long does the Sen-
ator expect this war to last > Does he expect tins
buieau to continue as a bureau of (he Govern-
ment only during the war? I piesume, to accom-
plish his purposes, that it must continue for some
period after the termination of the war. I am not
one of those who believe that this war is to con-
tinue very many years. 1 believe it has got to
teiminute some way oi other within aleasonably
short petiod; and therefore, as this buioau is lo
continue, unquestionably, (the Senator will not
question that,) for some time after the war, for a
longer time after the war than during the war, the
argument on that point, so far as length of time
decides it, is in favor of the amendment which I
have proposed.
Ilis next point is that the abandoned planta-
tions ought to be under the control of the same
Department in which this bureau is to bo located.
If we are to h-ave a management of the abandoned
plantations at all, it ought to be in the inieuoi
Department. If these lands are to be considered
a« abandoned by the owner and thereby fall into
the mass of the public land'?, a* is contemplated
by a bill that is before the Senate, those public
lands ought to he under tin* control of the Interior
Department, because they do not relate to the
Treasury; theTreasury has no machinery for their
management; and I think perhaps that is one rea-
son they have been so badly managed, whv there
are so many complaints fiorn different quarters
of fraud and outrage touching the manageinentof
the abandoned lands. I do not know very much
of it, but it is said that a system of favoritism has
grown up lhat is exceedingly disgusting, and it
may be owing to the fact that the Seeictary of the
Tieasury is so mueh occupied with investigations
of altogether a dnieient sou that he cannot ijsve
* the necessary attention to that class of busum ss.
But fuirhei, 1 ask the Senator bawrg tins bill
in charge if he intends one&etofageni^ to be p«td
by the Government to manage the lands that are
abandoned, and another set of agents to be paid
by the Government to manage the negroes in the
same neighborhood? Certainly, the superintend-
ents that he provides for in this bill ought to take
the immediate charge of abandoned lands, if they
are to be taken chaige of at all by officers of the
Government; and it is my purpose, if this bill is
to become a law, to provide that the agencies es-
tablished in the bill itself shall have charge of the
abandoned lands. We ought not to be paying
two sets of agents to manage a matter that one
set of agents ought to manage/ If there is force
in the argument of the Senator that the agents
managing the abandoned lands ought to be ap-
pointed by the same Department, that argument
will go further, and will lead us to this result,
that the abandoned lands and the freedmen, as
he calls them, ought to be managed by the same
agents in the same neighborhood.
Mr. SUMNER. That is admitted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Thereby saving very
large cxpendituies to the Government, enormous
exi>ei.!-ii s. Then in this same bill he ought to
provide ;>t once that th< se agents whom he pro-
vides foi shall have charge of the abandoned lands.
Then the whole properly falls under the Interior
Department. This matter will have to go to the
IntenorDepartmentsome time. There is so much
dissatisfaction with the management of the eiban-
doned lands, and the Treasury regulations touch-
ing the commerce between the sections, that it will
go to some other Department before veiy long.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to call his attention to the sevi nth si etion ? There
he will find a provision which I think meets his
views. It is that the agents of theTreasury who
now have the leasing of abandoned plantations
shall hand over all their papers to the commis-
sioners appointed under this bill, the object being
to put an end to those agencies, oi lather to allow
them to be all absorbed into those created under
this bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If that be done, then
these ought to be agents of the Interior Depart-
ment, and there need be none of this conflict that
the Senator provides for. In a veiy simple pro-
vision of this bill we can tiansfer the whole of
the lands, which properly belong to the Interior
Department, as well as the persons that he wants
to provide for, and let the whole go to the Intei tor
Department. I think, that Department being
more accustomed to deal with questions of this
sort, and having the machinery for their manage-
ment, there will be less public dissatisfaction be-
cause of favoritism and fiaud than as they are
managed now.
I think the amendment I have proposed ought
to be adopted to make the system effective. Let
the agencies for the lands and the agencies for
freedmen be tSie same, and the whole under the
lnteiior Department.
Mi. SUMNER. I have only to say in reply
that when the war is over and the State go\ern-
ments are once more established I shall welcome
such a proposition as the Senatoi now makes. If
a Bureau of Freedmen continues then, its proper
place will be in the Department of the Interior;
but until then it must be where Congress has
already placed these other branches of public busi-
ness with which this bureau is necessarily asso-
ciated.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator admits that
the propel Departments take charge of the busi-
ness to be eieated by this bill, in a time of peace,
is the Department of the Interior. About that I
suppose there can be no difference of opinion.
But he says this is not a time when it should go
into the hands of the Secretary of the Interior, be-
cause wo are in a state of war. if we are in a
state of war,as we certainly are, and tf, because
we oi o in that state, it is not proper that the con-
trol should be in the hands of the Interior Depart-
ment, it seems to me equally to follow that it
should not be in the hands of any of the civil De-
partments of the Government, but in the hands of
•the War Department; and I see the bill as it ori-
ginally was drafted by the House of Representa-
tives, and as it came to us from that House, left
it wuh the War Department. There must have
I! bt en some reason for taking it away from that
il Depariment,and ifthe humuabie member*is able
!| to tell us why it is that the Treasury Department
!| was substituted fur the War Department, I should,
'! for one. like to be informed.
Mr. SUMNER. Well, Mr. President, ifthe
Senator had done me the honor to listen to me the
other day—1 know it is too much forme to expect
—he would have found ail that answered at too
gieat length. I discussed it fully; and I may say
also that I have discussed it even this morning. I
have stated that the actual legislation of Congress
required that the proposed bureau should be placed
in the Treasury Department, and it is simply to
prevent discord and conflict between two Depart-
ments and between the agents of two Departments
managing more or less the same subject-matter.
Congress has already placed in theTreasury De-
partment, as I have said, the care of the business
relations between the rebel States and the loyal
States, and also the care of the abandoned lanis
andtfcaptured property.
Now, Congress may have erred in placing those
two interests in the Treasury Department. On
that I express no opinion. Possibly the Senator
from Maryland is right when he suggests that
they should be in the War Department. Con-
gress has not seen fit to place them in the Wai De-
partment; it has placed them m the Treasury De-
partment; and as all the testimony of persons
most interested in this question, constituting what
we may call experts, went in one direction, that
the care of the freedmen should be in the same
Depaitment which had the care of the lands, the
committee felt constrained to report the present
bill, feeling that ifthe care of the freedmen was
placed in any other Department, be it the War or
be it the Interior, there would be an occasion for
conflict or discord at least among the agents of
these two Depai tments, if not between the two
Departments.
Mr. HENDIHCKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts a question, as he is fa-
miliar with this subject. Is there any inconve-
nience, so far as the records are concerned, or the
mere machinery that is found now in the Treas-
ury Department, in transferring that from that
Department to the Department of the Interior?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator understands that
we should have to transfer these two great inter-
ests to which I have referred, the control of the
business relations between the rebel States and
the loyal States, and also the control of the aban-
doned plantations and captuied propeity.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator does not
understand the question I designed to put. It is
this: whether it is inconvenient or impracticable
to hand over^tho machinery aheady established
in the Treasury Department, the records, and the
files. Are the books voluminous?
Mr. SUMNER. On that point I am not able
to answer positively; but 1 have an impression
that if Congress should see fit to t.ake from the
Treasury Department the whole subject-matter
under the two heads to which I have referred, the
business relations between the rebel States and
the loyal States, and the contiol of the abandoned
plantations and captured propeity,all that in one
mass might be transferred to another Department.
I know nothing to the contrary.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no proposition to make
in regard to it; but it seems that there are three
different Departments here who have their advo-
cates for the control and management of this
Freedmen's Bureau. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts is in favor of vesting all this power in
the Secretary of the Treasui y; the Senator from
Indiana pieters to bestow it upon the Secretary
of the Interior; and the Senator from Maiylund
proposes to put it upon the War Department. As
1 said before, I have no proposition to make; but
I wish to ask these Senators whether they haye
not oveilooked one depaitmentto which thissub-
ject might more properly be referred than to any
other, and that is to the Attorney General. It is
known of course that the War Department i«
overwhelmed wuh business. There are connected
with it a great many bureaus. It has the charge
of the armies in the field; it has the charge of
almost all the opeiations in connection with this
war. The Interior Department has charge of our
public lands, of our Census Bureau, of our Indian
ulfcirs, of patents and the Patent Office, and, I
believe, is somewhat connected with the agricul-
ture of the country. The Treasury D< pairment
is also overwhelmed with business. The Attor-
ney General, who holds the same relation to the
Government as a member of the Cabinent, has
connected with his department no bureau. He
