im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
vested in the bonds of the United States. Feel-
ing, as 1 stated the other day when the bill was
before us, that the States have a very deep interest
in tlie questions which this measure presents, and
that its success will very materially interfere with
that interest,! beg leave to add nowaword ortwo
more for the purpose of showing what will be the
effect of the bill if it shall pass as is proposed,
and more especially the effect of the bill if it shall
pass with a prohibition upon the States taxing
the capital of these banks.
' - The first effect of the bill will be to transfer the
whole capital now invested in banks in the States
into the banks contemplated by this law; and
another and an equally certain effect will be to in-
duce everybody who has money to make such
on investment, to place his money in these asso-
ciations. The honorable member from Pennsyl-
vania has, as I think, very conclusively proved
thai the profit which these banks will make will
be very much greater than any profit which can
be made by any existing bank operating under a
State law. Without going into all the particulars
to which the honorable member adverted, I ask
the Senate's attention for a moment to the strong
inducement which the law will offer to all State
bank capital and to all State capitalists to invest
their respective funds in these associations.
A thousand dollars in gold now if loaned out at
six per cent, interest would bring only sixty dol-
lars. That $1,000 of gold, at what I believe is the
depreciation of the governmental currency, will
purchase $1,800, and that $1*800 in the govern-
mental currency under tins bank bill, if it passes,
may be invested, the whole of it, in United States
bonds bearing an interest of six per cent., and that
interest and the principal when the principal ma-
tures payable in £old; and the bank can loan out to
its customers $1,800, and if the rate of interest in
the State is six per cent., which 1 huve assumed in
relation to the item of gold, it will reccive $108 as
interest on that $1,800; and while it is receiving by
•lendtngtoitscustomers$108on the $1,800, the rep-
resentative of that $1,800 is not in the vaults of the
bank bearing no interest, but is in the bonds of
the United States bearing interest during the whole
time that the loan is going on and during the
whole period that the bonds may be held by the
batik, and that gives $97 20 in gold. But in or-
der to simplify the calculation, supposing gold to
be worth when it is received only the par of the
governmental currency, the receipts for the year
upon an investment of $1,000 will be $205 and
some cents—more than twenty per cent, on $1,000
of investment.
That is not all. The rest of the calculation
cannot be made because the element cannot be
ascertained upon which it would depend. These
banks will be authorized to loan upon their de-
posits; and if the deposits are $1,000,000, they
can loan just as much as they think proper, keep-
ing within the limit of the law; they may loan
the whole $1,000,000 and be receiving six per
cent. intetest .upon that $1,000,000; and the
amount that they will realize by that six per cent,
on the deposits upon which they arc paying no
interest is to be added to the two hundred and
odd dollars which they are receiving upon the
loan of their $1,800 and upon the $1,800 worth
of bonds.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to call the Sen-
stm's attention to the fact that the interest on the
$1,800 of bonds will be paid in gold that is worth
one half more.
Mr, JOHNSON. 1 said that. The difference
between the value of gold and of currency is to be
added, of course. Now this being the operation
of the bill as a financial operation upon the part
of those who may invest in it, it seems to me to
be very evident that all the State banks will come
into the scheme, and that the individual capital-
ists will come into the scheme, so that the whole
banking capital of the States and the whole cap-
ital in the hands of the citizens of the States may
become invested in these banks, and if so invested
be removed from State taxation.
How are we to meet our engagements? As I
stated the other day, it is a very great mistake to
suppose that the credit of this country depends
upon our being able to meet merely o,ur national
obligations. It is as much involved in the abil-
ity of the States to meet their State obligations as
it is involved in the ability of the United States
to meet their own obligationr:, I jot not only will
it affect our reputation, although we may bo able
to meet our own national obligations, if we shall
prove unable to meet our State obligations, but
the existence of the last fact will be certain in the
end to produce an inability on the part of the
General Government to meet its national obliga-
tions.
Now, another word. The Supreme Court, in
the case so often quoted, of McCulloch vs. The
State of Maryland, not only cautiously abstained
from deciding that it is in the power of the Gen-
eral Government to take out of the taxing power
of the States the property of the citizens of the
States invested in the stock of the Bank of the
United States, but affirmatively declared that each
of the States will have the power, and has the
power, to tax each of her citizens upon each of
his shares of stock in the bank. What Mary-
land attempted to do was to impose a tax in the
way of a license to the Bank of the United States
to establish a branch within her limits. It was
a tax, therefore, upon the franchise, a tax upon
the corporation, a tax upon the means selected
by the Government, and, as the court decided,
constitutionally selected, for the purpose of car-
rying out the powers of the Government. But
no judge thought, and no member of the bar, as
far as 1 can collect from the reports, and as far
as my memory will serve me, for it was my good
fortune to have been present at the argument, no
judge and no member of the bar who argued the
cause dreamed of denying that itwould be in the
power of the States to tax the property of their
citizens invested in the stock of" the Bank of the
United States. On the contrary, the objection
urged upon the part of the counsel of Maryland
was that a denial to Maryland of the right to pass
the law which she had passed was to deny to
Maryland the right of taxing at all the property
which her citizens might have in the bank. The
counsel for the bank met that by saying that that
was by no means true; that was not what Mary-
land had done; Maryland had attempted to im-
pose a tax upon the bank itself as a franchise,
upon the right of the bank to bank at all; and the
Supreme Court, in answering the argument made
by the counsel for Maryland in support of Ma-
ryland 's right to pass the law which was in ques-
tion in that case, took piecisely the ground taken
by the counsel for the bank; that is to say,they
said in the conclusion of the opinion as given by
Mr. Chief Justice Marshall that their opinion
was not to be understood at all as interfering in
an-y way with the right of Maryland to tax the
real estate of the bank, or to tax the interest
which her citizens might have m the shares of the
bank 
Mr. SUMNER. May I interrupt the Senator
just there?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that that
point was m question before the court?
Mr. JOHNSON. Directly.
Mr. SUMNER. The latter point?
Mr. JOHNSON. ] do not know what you
mean by "in question." It was in argument.
Mr. SUMNER. It was not necessary to the
decision. Do 1 understand the Senator as affirm-
ing that the Supreme Court have passed finally,
definitively, anil in the sense of a judicial decision
by a judicial tiihunal, upon that question?
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, what I said
was that the question itself was distinctly argued.
In arguing the proposition whether the law passed
by Maryland had been constitutionally passed,
the counsel for Maryland insisted tb t it it was
unconstitutional it would have been equally un-
constitutional if she had taxed the real estate of
the bank or taxed the interest which her citizens
held as shareholders. The counsel for the bank
admitted, as the honorable member from Massa-
chusetts will find, thulalaw passed by Maryland
to tax the shates of her citizens, and to tax the
real estate which might be held by the bank, would
be constitutional; and the Supreme Court closed
their opinion, so as to exclude any conclusion
which could be drawn as against the taxing power
of the States on that point by saying that it is
to be understood that Maryland has the right,
and every State in which there may be a bank of
the United States, either the mother bank or a
branch, has the right to tax the real estate which
the bank may hold within that State, and to tax
the shates of her citizens m that institution. And
the honorable member will find by looking at the
dissenting opinion—I have not read it for some
time; but 1 speak, I am sure, correctly, for it is
a case m which I participated with the present
Chief Justice in behalf of the State of Maryland
—the honorable member will find in the dissent-
ing opinion ofMr. Justice Thompson,in thecase
Qf Brown vs. The State of Maryland, which in-
volved the right of Maryland to exact a license
to entitle one of her citizens to sell goods import-
ed in the Original packages, that he states, and
without contradiction, and Mr. Chief Justice
Marshall, who gave the opinion against the State
in that instance said the same thing, that it had
been decided in the case of McCulloch vs. The
State of Maryland, had been decided, not argu-
endo, not as a mere obiter, but had been decided
that, although the Bank of the United States was
in one respect, and was in point of fact, as far as
the constitutional question was concerned, a fis-
cal agent of the Government, (the right to char-
ter the bank as a fiscal agent of the Government
being constitutional because necessary in the
judgment of Congress, and over the question of
necessity the judiciary had no right to interfere,)
and was necessary to enable the Government to
execute its powers of collecting its debts, and
regulating commerce, and a variety of other things,
it.would yet be in the power of the States to tax
that portion of the capital which the bank might
have invested in real estate, and to tax the inter-
est which her citizens might hold in it as share-
holders.
In each of those cases, and in several other cases
the names of which I do not now recollect, where
the same propositions were before the court, it
was held that there is no authority to tax any
of the means of the Government, to interfere by
State taxation with any of the powers of the Gov-
ernment, that under the Constitution Congress
has the right to borrow money; and as she may
borrow to better advantage, or might not be able
to borrow at all unless she had that advantage,
by exempting what she gave as security for the
loan from State taxation, she had a right to ex-
empt from State taxation the bonds which she
might give or the stock she might issue. But
*vhat is proposed to be done in this case I think
is far beyond the principle involved in that.
Mr. SUMNER. May ^interrupt the Senator
just there ? I simply wish to call hisattention to
what seems to me to be a point in issue, and cer-
tainly it is only with a view of having it elucidated.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not object at all.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that the Sena-
tor admits that under the Constitution the States
may not tax any instrument or means of the
national Government. Now, does the Senator
intend to limit that proposition to a direct tax, or
also to include under it an indirect tax? If an in-
direct tax is included under that proposition, that
is, if a State may not impose an indirect tax upon
an instrument or means of the national Govern-
ment, then I ask on what principle a State can
impose a tax upon the shares in a bank? It can-
not impose a tax upon the bank directly or upon
its capital stock directly. May it impose a tax
upon the shares, and thus do indirectly what X
understand the Senator to admit it cannot do
directly ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I will answerthe honorable
member by resorting to what is often done in his
section of the country—asking another question.
Does the honorable member suppose that the
States cannot tax the real estate which the bank
may purchase ? Is he willing to deny to the States
the power to tax the real estate? 1 do not think
he is; and yet does he not see that in one sense
that is an indirect tax upon the bank itself? What
is to prevent the Government from chartering a
bank with a capital altogether invested in leal
estate? Now, suppose he has said that there
would be no right in such a case—he has not
said it yet—to tax the real estate; the United Stati-s
go to Massachusetts and say, "We will have a
bank in Massachusetts founded upon real est.it ■
exclusively; each farmer in Massachusetts"—as
has been done m many State institutions—" may
subscribe his farm as capital to a fiscal agent of
the Government." The country needs it, says
the honorable member, cannot get on without it;
(it becomes, therefore, one of the instruments by
which the Government will be enabled to cany
out its admitted and exclusive power. If it be
