$80
MM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
41, noes 56.
' So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I renew the
amendment. Mr. Chairman, as I was saying,
my colleague [Mr. Blair] was so earnest in the
cause of emancipation in the State of Missouri
that he was ready as far back eyen as 1850 to break
a'lance with Colonel Benton on the subject.
Mr. FARNSWORTLI. I rise to a point of
order. 1 would inquire if debate is not exhausted
on the pending amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri has renewed the amendment to the amend-
ment, and is entitled to speak for five minutes.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. Mr. Chairman,
I attl not at all disposed to extend this discussion
ifgentlemenare not willing to listen to me. [Cries
or "Go on!"] I know that anything I have to
Say upon this occasion is quite uninteresting, and
ifgehtlemen are not disposed to listen, lam not dis-
posed to proceed. [Renewed cries of " Go on!"]
I was saying that my colleague, [Mr.*Blair,]
even as far back as 1850, when Colonel Benton
was defeated in the State of Missouri and turned
oljt of the United States Senate; and I say, even
at this distant day, that it was a discredit to our
State that a man of his great experience and en-
larged statesmanship should ever have been repu-
diated by the people of Missouri; but even at that
time, although Colonel Benton yas turned out of
the Senate because he was a Freesoiler, he did not
go fa.r enough in the cause of freedom or emanci-
pation for my friend on the left, [Mr. Blair,] who
was ready to break a lance even with Colonel Ben-
ton himself, because thatgentleman was not trav-
eling quite fast enough.
Now, in regard to the political status of my
friend on the right, [Mr. Blow,] I have always
understood him to be in opposition to my ftiend
on the left [Mr. Blair] on that subject. [Laugh-
ter.] _ I remember that in 1855 I had the honor of
meeting with both these gentlemen in the Legis-
lature of Missouri, and i had the honor frequently
of meeting the gentleman on the right [Mr.
Blow] after dark in a " dark-lantern"association.
fLaughter.] And 1 remember also very well that
1 represented a Whig constituency, who were
fttrongty inclined to pro-slavery, and that, carry-
ing out the views of my constituents, I invariably
voted for Alexander W. Doniphan, although I
cOnfesa at this late day to the fact that I really
felt a a if I should have no objection if Colonel
Benton should be returned to the Senate. My col-
league [Mr. Blow] also voted regularly with me
for Colonel Doniphan, who was known to be a
pro-slavery man at that day, and occupied very
much the position of Hon. David It. Atchison,
who had been for many yeais n Senator of the
United States from the State of Missouii; indeed
there were a number of the members of the Le-
gislature who were inclined to drop Doniphan
and take up Atchison and reelect him to the Sen-
ate, because, perhaps, he went a little further to-
ward sustaining the institution of slavery, and
was more desirous to extend it to new fields than
Doniphan was; and 1 have understood—whether
I am correct or not I do not know—that my col-
league from St. Louis on the opposite side of the
House [Mr. Blow] was associated with these
gentlemen of the American party who were will-
ing to drop Doniphan and to vote for Atchison.
1 wasnotofthat way ofthinking. I was known
as a Benton Whig, if-that does not imply u con-
tradiction of terms; a Benton Whig because it was
generally charged upon me, in my section of the
country, that 1 was not exactly sound on the ne-
gro question. If it were in order I could relate a
little anecdote on that point. [Cries of " Tell it!"]
The gentleman from St. Louis to my left [Mr.
Blair] represented at that time a Geiman con-
stituency. I believe he does not do so now; but
my friend on the right [Mr. Blow] has the honor
of representing that class of the population of St.
Louis! Although he was a Know Nothing a few
years ago, ho is certainly the representative now
of the German voters of St. Louis! At that time
1 represented oneofthe largestslaveholdingcoun-
ties in the State of Missouii. And while I state
here as a fact that I have ever favored the cause
of emancipation in the State of Missouri carried
out in a legal, proper, constitutional way, even
long before the commencement of the rebellion, I
nevertheless was not inclined to get up a furore
and excitement on that subject, and was willing
to wait and see a good cause progress in order,
believing always that it would be for the interest
of the great State of Missouri, looking to the
rapid development of her wonderful resources, to
exclude theinstitution,and become,like her other
great sisters of the Northwest, a free State. These
have been always my sentiments. They have
been always charged upon me by the more earn-
est pro-slavery men of the State—uever jepudi-
ated by Hie, while always disavowing any dis-
position to interfere with the rights of citizens in
regard to their slaves, except in a legal, constitu-
tional way, and having an eye to their full com-
pensation. I represented one of the strongest
slave counties in the State at that day; and my
extreme pro-slavery friends in the Legislature,
knowing the odium that attached to the name of
the gentleman on my left, [Mr. Blair,] because of
his extreme Freesoil views, and with a view to
make me as odious as possible on that side of the
river where I lived, actually went so far as to at-
tach to me the soubriquet of Frank, instead of the
name that I usually bear; and I was surprised to
find myselfaddressed when f went home as Frank
Rollins, instead of Hon. James S. Rollins, as i
am now called! [Laughter.] And, if I am not
mistaken, I am indebted to my friend [Mr. Blow]
for having attached to me, or for having cooper-
ated with those who attached to me, this nickname t
with a view of injuring me among my good pro-
slavery friends at home!
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, (continuing.) I
will just add one more remark. [Cries of " Go
on,"] I was not ashamed of the name. Not at
all. i am not ashamed of it to-day. Because I
say here—although perhaps, he being present, it
may be in bad taste—-that if there has been any
man consistent throughout, and persistent, too,
on this subject of emancipation, on this subject
of making Missouri a free State, during the rebel-
lion and before the rebellion, that man certainly
has been my friend to my left, [Mr. Blair.] And
in order to make this joke a practical one—thus
giving me a name which did not belong to me—I
concluded it should not be all lost, and I have the
honor of having at home a very line boy whom
I call Frank Blair, now seven years of age, and
whom, if he meets his present promise, I expect
to be feome day President of the United States!
[Laughter.]
I think I may close by simply saying that my
friend from Missouii [Mr. Blair] has been, all
the time, an inveterate Freesoiler and emancipa-
tionist. My friend on my right, [Mr. Blow,]
who was a good while an American, who was
satisfied with Colonel Doniphan for the United
States Senate, and would have been even satisfied
with Mr. Atchison, has been, at all events, asso-
ciated and identified with the extreme pro-slavery
people of that day, while, in these latter days, he
has becomc enlightened on that subject, and cer-
tainly , like all new converts, no one willdcnyhis
right to be enthusiastic!
Mr. BLOW. How was that indicated ?
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I have just ex-
plained. He was of the dark-lantern party in
1855, and earnestly associated with pro-slavery
men find paities. But since 1860, if there is any
virtue in Freesoil, any virtue in immediate eman-
cipation, any viitue in universal liberty, I think
my colleague has got as much of it infused into
his body as any mail o i this iloor, or, indeed, in
the United States of America! [Laughter.] Per-
haps this rebellion has shed additional light on
his mind ! I know that many of us have been en-
lightened on that and a great many other subjects
since the war commenced. Perhaps it may be
that the ten thousand German votes, which the
gentleman iqnesents, have had some influence
in setting him right! 1 do not know how that is.
At all events, we are all in a state of progression,
and I do not flunk we ought to be held to a strict
account for all the opinions that we may have
heretofore entertained on this delicate and import-
ant subject!
Mr. BLOW. Mr. Chairman, I have never
upon this floor or elsewhere, in all the contests I
have had, and especially in those I have had with
my colleague fioin St. Louis, [Mr. Blair,] de-
scended to personal allusions, nor have I ever by
word or deed done a single act of injustice to that
honorable gentleman, 1 would scorn to rob him
of a single honor that he has enjoyed in the past;
and while he everywhere and on every occasion
indulges in these personal allusions to me, they
pass by me like the idle wind. The very asser-
tion he has madethis morning, he has in times past
defended me against, and it is recorded in his own
organ then that these assertions are falsehoods.
The paper is in existence to show it. The rec-
ords of the Senate of the State of Missouri will
show that the first regular organization of the
Freesoil party in Missouri arose in 1857, when
Hon. B. Gratz Brown in the House, and myself
in the Senate, both voted against Darnes's resolu-
tion declaring emancipation in Missouri unjust
and inexpedient. So what becomes of my col-
league's veracity in the face of this record ? And I
said only the other day upon this floor all that
my colleague [Mr. Rollins] has said to-day in
praise of my colleague [Mr. Blair] a3 an early
Freesoil leader.
Sir, I neverdeny to any man the merit or praise
that js due to him. I would not respect myself,
I would be ashamed of myself, if 1 could rise in
this Hall and not find it in my heart to do him
full justice in all his political course.
Now, sir, there is only one thing in the speech
the gentleman [Mr. Rollins] has thought proper
to address to the committee of the {slightest im-
portance to me, and that is the reference he has
made to my action in the joint session of the Le-
gislature. And even there he has failed to mako
a point for his friend. He told you over and over
again that I was in that joint session as a pro-
slavery man, and yet all the records of that time
(1853-56) show that while these elections were
going on there was no such issue m the State of
Missouri a« pro-slavery or anti-slavery.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. My friend will
not deny, i presume, that he voted for Alexander
W. Doniphan for United States Senator some
forty times, and I presume will not deny that he
was a pro-slavery man?
Mr. BLOW. Yes, sir, I did vote for Alexander
W. Doniphan forty times,and against D. R.At-
chison as many times, and so did every other
member of the American party in the Legisla-
ture.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. And was not Mr.
Doniphan a pro-slavery man?
Mr. BLOW. The views on this subject were
not considered. So far as that issue was con-
cerned, the gentleman knows very well such a
thing as pro-slavery or anti-slavery was never
mentioned in that contest. The gentleman knows
that, as a member of the American party, which
he now slurs and I am not ashamed of having
belonged to. No, sir, I am not ashamed to own
that I was an Amencan. And I am proud at least
of that love of country which distinguished it, and
which, cherished throughou t the land, would have
saved this country from secession.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. Let me ask my
colleague whether that was not an issue in the con-
test between Claiborne F.Jackson and Thomas H.
Benton; orratherwhetherthe waragainstThomas
H. Benton was not on account of his supposed
Freesoil views ?
Mr. BLOW. I repeat here, and the gentleman
will not deny, that the American party to which'he
and 1 belonged was neither an anti-slavery nor a
pro-slavery party; that the non-agitation of slavery
to as one of the strong positions which they endeavored
to maintain. Will the gentleman deny that? Willhc
attempt in support of his friend to place himself in
a position in which all the records of the history of
the times to which he alludes will confront him
Mr. ROLLINS, ofMiSSoun, I will notdo the
gentleman injustice. I certainly have no desire
to do that. But I must repeat that in the guber-
natorial contest to which I have alluded the war
agamstThomasH. Benton was solely onaccount
of his Freesoil views, and in 1855,1 think it was,
he was renominated as Senator, and as member of
Congress at the same time, as a Freesoil candi-
date. So far as I recollect that was almost the
only issue in that election, and Colonel Benton,
the stern old Senator, who had served the State
for thirty successive years, was finally over-
thrown by the extreme pro-slavery politicians,
headed by Claiborne F. Jackson, the late trea-
sonable Governor of our State.
Mr. BLOW. The gentleman is very anxious
to succor his friend, but he cannot sustain the po-
sition he assumes. I state that I was a member
