1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mi
true that the States would have no authority to
tax in sucli a case as that, then it would be in
the power of the United States to take the whole
real estate of any State into its own hands for the
purpose of raising revenue, ana exclude the State
from the privilege of supporting herself by tax-
ing the same article of property.
If the honorable member will look at the case
of McCulloch—I have it not by me—he will see
that the court, because as they admit in so many
words the great importance and the vital import-
ance of preserving the power of State taxation,
are very cautious in laying down the proposition
upon which in that case they decided the law of
Maryland to be unconstitutional, tos^uard against
the conclusion that it was, fn the judgment of the
court, not in the power of Maryland to tax the
property which her citizens might have taken and
invested in the bank.
I do not deem it necessary to argue the ques-
tion which the honorable member has suggested
whether there can be a right to tax indirectly one
of these instruments, if there is no right to tax
directly. The only answer 1 have to give, so far
as that question is applicable to the case before
us, is that the Supreme Court held that what the
honorable member says is an indirect tax is a
constitutional tax, and that what he says is ji
direct tax they held to be an unconstitutional tax,
and that the latter tax they considered as exclu-
sively applicable to a tax upon the franchise itself,
the right to bank.
Now, what have we told the holders of our
bonds? The honorable member from Massa-
chusetts, say, has loaned §10,000 to the Govern-
ment, and they have said that upon the bonds
which they have given him in return for his
$10,600, he shall not be subject to taxation by the
States. The Government issue those bonds un-
der the authority to borrow money; the bonds
are the evidence of the loan; and as mere bonds
they are exempt from State taxation. But what
is proposed to be done now? You by this law
say to these bondholders, " Exchange your bonds
forbank stock, bank upon it; make it capital; and
if you exchange your bonds for bank stock the
States lose the right to tax the bank stock."
That is a very different thing. In McCulloch
us. Maryland the court put the inability of the
State to tax upon the ground that the subject
which Maryland had attempted to tax was asub-
jpet brought into existence for the first time by a
law of the United States; it was the franchise;
it was not property before within the State or
anywhere else; it grew out of the powers of the
General Government, existed nowhere else; it
was as much an instrument of the Federal Gov-
ernment as the Army or the ]N*avy, in the view
that the Supreme Court took in discussing the
constitutionality of that act which they first dis-
posed of, I mean the constitutionality of the act
chartering the bank which they first disposed of.
But in this case you are about to say to every
citizen, " Bring all your property into this insti-
tution; if you bring it in as money you are liable
to State taxation; but if you will go into the mar-
ket and buy up our bonds, and the bank is will-
ino' to take the bonds in payment of your sun-
scrlption for the stock, then you at once become
exempt from State taxation.' _
I submit, Mr. President, in the first place, with-
out proposing to discuss it any longer, that you
have no right to do any such thing; and m the
next place, that if you had the right to do it, it
would be most inexpedient to do it. It would be
reducing the States almost to a condition of pau-
perism. I feel, in common with every member
of the Senate, a desire to strengthen the Govern-
ment as much as possible, but I must do it ie-
sneetnnr at the same time the support which the
States demand, winch the interests of the public
'leBut"uiere is another view which has suggested
itself. You are now, by this proposition and
what you have been doing, telling our citizens o
come in and buy the five-twenty bonds and the
ten-forty bonds, as you are now doing; and you
have told them that you want it done ^ca"se
vou want to get the currency out of circulation.
"Thecurrency is too inflated,bring^it in, and \ve
"will srivc vou bonds in exchange; ant e\ei\
body ss coram? in as fast as he can come in iox
he makes a vei-y good bargain as times are in buy-
ing the builds being payable m coin, juiiu^i
and interest. You get the circulation in, and
now what do you propose to do by this bill?
Take your bonds, invest them in bank stock,
and you may circulate as hankers a eertain pro-
portion—§675 out of §1,000; you may issue a
circulation for that amount, and we, the United
States, will guaranty the payment of that circu-
lation." Do you not suppose these banks will
issue a circulation to the whole amount author-
ized. Who can doubt that? Then what is the
practical result of it? You take out o'f circu-
lation the Treasury notes and you substitute for
them these bank notes for which the United
States stand as guarantors. So far as the public
is concerned, what possible difference does it
make; if the inflation of the currency is the cause
of the present embanassments of the money
market, what possible difference can it make
whether that inflation is caused by the issue of
bank circulation, or whether, in the absence of
bank circulation, it is caused by the issue of gov-
ernmental circulation? It is but a new name
for the same thing. The first are notes, Treas
ury notes, issued by the Government; the next
are notes issued by these fiscal agents of the
Government, guarantied by the Government I
know, at least I think I know—I speak of course
under the restraint which I feel when I differ from
others, especially when I differ from any of the
gentlemen who are supporting this bill and the
Secretary of the Treasury, who I understand is
in favor of the bill—I think I know that the
measure will operate most prejudicially to the
States, while, at the same time, it will afford no
revenue to the Government in the particular in
which it is supposed to be important.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Kansas
[Mr. Pomeroy] to the amendment reported from
the Committee on Finance, and upon that ques
tion the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 11, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Conner, Harding, Howard:
Lane of Indiana, fnmoroy, Ramsey, Shaman, Spr.igue,
Sumner, and Wilkinson—it.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalnw, Carllle, Clark, Gullumer.
Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Fessnnden, Foot, Foster, Giiioes.
Hale, Harlan. Henderson. Hendricks, Howe, Johnson.
Lane of Kansas, MeDougali, Morgan, Morull, Nesmitli>
i'owell, Riddle, Ten 13} ck, Van Wmklo, Willey, and
Wilson—28.
So the amendment to the amendment was re^
jeeted.
Mr. HOWARD. I propose to amend the
amendment of the committee in the sixty-third
line on page 35 by inserting, after the word "pur-
poses" the words " in the State where the bank
is situated;" so that the clause will read in this
way:
Provided. Tliat nothing in this act shall be construed to
prevent the maiket value of the .shares in any of the said
pssoctauoas, held by anv person or bodj-ooipoiate, trow
bdiifr included in the valuation of the personal pioperty ot
such person or corporation in the assessment ot ail taxes
imposed by or under State authority ior State, county, or
municipal pui poses in the State where the bank is situated;
&e.
My object is this: that the States in which the
banks are situated shall have the benefit of the
taxation of the banks, and that the States where
the capitalist owning the stock may happen to
reside-shall not, on account of that residence, be
entitled to the benefit of the taxation. I am quite
aware of the principle of the common law that
personal property is supposed to follow the owner
wherever he may be, and that, in contemplation
of that code, a man's personal property is attached
to him and belongs to Ins residence. If the bill
shall pass without this amendment, this will be
the result: that where the owners of the stock
reside, for instance, ill the State ot Alassachusetts
or Maine, and their money is invested and em-
ployed in banking operations in Michigan or
Indiana or Ohio, or anv oilier western State where
capital is not so abundant, the money thus in-
vested will be taxed by the State of Msssacnu-
setts or Maine, and the tax put into the treasury
of those States instead of going into the treasury
of the State where the bank is in lis actual oper-
ation. Unless my amendment is adopted, 'here-
fore, this will exempt a vast proportion of the
stock thus invented by non-resident capitalists
from local taxation,and ! think will bo,:m« very
cause of serious complaint 011
justly be, a    .
pan of the people vvhue the happen to k.
situated. My amendment is offered for thepur 
pose of curing that'evil. .- > - t i
The Senate will perceive with-whaUfacilitjwa
non-resident stockholder may conceal; the. feet
that he is the osvue^of .stuck invested and..em-
ployed in a State where.her<ioeS-not *e#id<| -'FJM
assessors know nothing of. it 0i'dinariJy, «J)(l: it
would be rather an abnormal arid singular pro-
cess for the assessor to inquire of evei;y man and
ascertain fromhim whereevevy cent of hismoney
is invested. Indeed there would b.e no w yV'
convenient way at least, of ascertaining what the
man really owned and where it was.
Now that I am up I b:eg'to say anotVer vfrord
on this subject. 1 conftss that in voting lof Chyi
clause of the bill I act -with considerable, hrs-
itation and doubt as to the right of Congress to
give this authority to the States to tax the stoc£
of these banks. It is said that that question hai)
already been definitely settled" b? the Stipreme
Court of the United States. I do not sso regard
it. I speak with great deference ta the opinion
of other Senators who may entertain a different
idea; but for one £ cannot regard it as a settled
question that the Stale has the right io/.taxi th%
stock of a stockholder in one of these national
banks, and I do not consider the Supreme Court
of the United States as having settled that ques-
tion. In the case which is so frequently alluded
to, that of McCulloch ®s, The State of Maryland,
thatquestion was not raised. It was not raised,
because it could not be raised on lhe> record Jfl
that case, and if the Supreme Court assumed, to
determine that question in that case, I think their
opinion is obiter, and not binding as being con-
nected with the issue before the cotrit.' •- • .
The suit was brought by the State of Maryland
for the purpose of recovering from Mr. McCul-
loch, who, 1 believe, was the cashier of the branch
bank of the United States, if I recollect rightly,_
a penalty imposed by a stalute of the State of
Maryland for carrying on the business of bank-
ing within that State, which was not authorized,
by the laws of Maryland. The statute is very
brief, and I beg the patience of the Senate a mo-
ment while I read it:
"JSett enacted by the General Assembly uf Maryland, That
if any bank has established,orshall,w tliouUutliQrit)! from
the State fiist bad and obtained, establish any branch, office
of discount and deposit, or offieeof pay and receipt; in any
pai t of this State, it shall not bo lawful for the said bmnch,
office of discount and deposit, or office of pay and receipt, to
is^ue notes in any manner, of any other denomination thin
live, ten, twenty, fitly, one hundred, Ave hundred, and one
thousand dollars, and no now shall be issued exceptupdil
stamped paper of the following denominations."
Then follows the mere denomination of the
notes:
" Provided almaip, That any Institution of tile above de-
scription may lelieve itself from the operation of the pro-
visions aforesaid, by paying annually, in advance, to the
Measurer of the Western Shore, for the use of the State,
the sunt of$lOj000."
Now comcs the clause of the act under which
the suit seems lo have been brought:
"And be it enacted, That the president, cashjer, eaqh of
the directors and oHicers of every institution established,
oi to be established as aforesaid, offending against the . pro-
visions aforesaid, shall forfeit a sum of $580 1'or each and
eveiy otiense; and every person having any agency  u
cumulating any note aforefauid, not stamped as atoj« :aid
directed, shall foifeit a bUin not exceeding .$100every
penalty afmesaid to be recovered by iiuUetment, or action
of debt, in tho county com t of the county where ihe«ffiliBe
shall bo committed, one half to the iuionner, and tbe-©tlier
half to the use of the Suae." ^ •
The person accused here was carrying on the
business of banking in the State of Maryland
without paying any regard whatever to this stat-
ute of that State, and an action of debt was brought
against him for the purpose of recovering the pen-
alty thus imposed. It is very true, as the court
say, that the act of Maryland tended to prevent
the operations of the Hank of the United totultJ-s.
It was not a tax upon the franchise so much as
an embarrassment of the operations of the bank;
and because that statute tended thus.to embarrass
the operations of the bank the Supreme Court held
that the State statute was void. At the close of
the opinion the learned Chief Justice uses this very
cautious, circumspect j and welt-guarded language;
"Tins opinion does not deprive the States of anyro-
sourccs which they originally possessed."
That every one admits. The opinion does not
deprive the States of any resources which they
originally possessed, and it was not intended to
deprive tbG Suites of any such resources?
it due* not t'xiend to a tax paid in the to.d piously of
