2934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
' jnissioners are to take these poor Africans again
Stnd impose upon them a worse bondage than the
masters of the South ever exercised over them,
and make tlnm work these lands, not for the ben-
efit and profit of the slaves, except at stipulated
pnpes at the will and pleasure of these irrespons-
ible masters, and hand over the proceeds and the
prqfit of their labor—to what? In the first place
to pay this overseer geueraland these deputy diiv-
ers these extravagant salaries, and if anything is
left it is to be paid into the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States.
Then again I think there is achanceforavery
handsome speculation by these Commissioners
and deputy drivers. The bill provides that they
are also " to take possession of all personal prop-
erty found on such estate;" and what are they
going to do with it? They take possession of
. it, and there is an end of it so far as the bill is.
• concerned. How are they to account for it? To
whom are they responsible? What isthe object
of taking the personal estate into possession—
horses, corn, and things that perish in the using?
What are they to do with them? How are they
to account for this personal property ? The bill
does not seem to provide.
Sir, I will not detain the Senate by going through
this bill. Every section of it, iuaeems to me, is
liable to objection of the same kind and charac-
ter. Some of the provisions of the amended bill
reported by the Senate committee, if it passes,
ought to be modified; for instance, the one in re-
gard to the character of the leases. They are to
be but for a year, I believe. You can raise but
half a crop on these abandoned lands if you lease
them but for a year. If you lease them durfng
the winter yon can raise a crop of corn and oats
the next summer, but you cannot raise a crop of
wheat, because you sow ill the jail, and it does not
ripen until the next year.
But, Mr. President, having attracted, as 1 see
I have, the attention of Senators, and that was
the object of my rising, to a critical observation
of the special provisions in this bill, and more es-
pecially havingstated the fact, that I believe what-
ever may have been its intent, its result will be
practically the reenslavement of the African race,
I am content to leave the subject with the Senate.
It has been a matter of wonder to me that the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts failed to
discover the only practical mode by which the
difficulties which he seeks to remedy could, in
my estimation, bo obviated. Why, sir, we hear
cries every day from Massachusetts, Counecticur,
and vaiious oihi-rSiates, of the lackof labor, that
the war has so muclr subtracted from the labor
of those States that the manufactories and the
farms to a great extent are lying idle. [tis so, I
believe, in all the States. Now, here aie thrown
loose upon us, without employment, a vast num-
ber of athletic men and womeft. Would it not
be a much better policy, Mr. President, would it
not be a vastly better policy to clothe these Com-
missioners with the simple duty of finding m
tl\os«; States places and employment for these
freedmen, where they could be under the influence
of free institutions, where they could be brought
in contact with the law and with the labor, accord-
ing to the idea, and the good idea, ton, ol the hon-
oi able Senator from Massachusetts, where they
would not he left to the atbttrary will of irrespons-
ible Commissioners to conttol them, but where as
citizens they would have ail the guaiantees and
protection of the Constitution and laws and the
courts in the forms of law ? Why not place th<-m
there and give them employment there? There-
fore I move to amend the amendment of the hon-
orable Senator from Delaware, which i suppose
he does not expect to pass, [Mr. Saulshuiiy. 1
do, sir,] by sinking out ail after the enacting
clause and inserting the following:
That it shall he the duty of said Commissioner to procure
places and employment tor as many of bind freciimen as
may he practicable with the ftumer-s, mechanic*, and manu-
facturers of the free and loyal sHate- wheio th<v laws of ^aid
States shall not prohibit it. and thatfoi the purpote of more
effectually accomplishing thi.- object he open a correspond-
ence with tiie Governor* and various nuuiicipai authorities
of said hee and ioyil States requtMini; their eoopeiauoti.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will inquire to what the Senator proposes his
amendment r
Mr. W1LLEY. To the amendment of the
Senator from Delaware.
The PRESIDENT pro tempos. The Chair
will suggest—the Senator may not be aware of
the fact—that that is an amendment to an amend-
ment, and a further amendment cannot be in order.
Mr. WILLEY. Then, sir, I will withdraw
my amendment for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
on the amendment of the Senator from Dela-
ware to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. The amendment offered by
the Senator from Delaware, which is now before
the Senate, merely affirms or seeks to affirm the
Constitution of the United States; and as 1 am at
a loss to imagine how the validity of that instru-
ment can m any manner be made greater than it
is by any legislation I shall vote against the amend-
ment. It is neither more nor less than stating
that the Constitution of the United States should
be enforced. If it is not enforced practically, the
fault lies with the Executive. If they have aban-
doned all the guarantees of the Constitu tion, which
they have sworn to su pport, what security is there,
what reason is there to think that they will not
abandon the duty which apparently would be en-
forced upon them by this proposition?
In the next place, it is an amendment not ger-
mane to the bill itself. The bill professes, if I
understand it, to deal only with such portion of
the States of the United States as are in rebellion.
The Constitution of the United States in the States
in rebellion is only so far in force as is consistent
with the state of war which exists between the
CJmted States and the States in rebellion. The
trial by jury, and all the personal guarantees that
the Constitution provides for a state of peace, are
necessarily at an end for the time in a state of
war as between the United States and the people,
if they be a portion of the United States, who are
in a state of war with the United States. As the
bill refers only to the rebellious States, the whole
operation of the amendment if it were to pass, if
it could have any operation, would be upon the
States that ore not m rebellion; and with refer-
ence to the States that are not in rebellion, if they
are not protected by the Constitution, my friend
and Congress might pile acts upon acts, and we
should still be without protection.
Mr. S AULSHURY. If the honorable .Senator
from Maryland had lived in the days when the
sovereign of England guarantied to his people the
rights of Magna Chnrta, 1 presume he would Iwive
condemned the action of that people afterwords
who, when that Magna Charta was violated,
wished us reaffirmance; for his iitst objection is
that these rights aie guaiantied by the Constitu-
tion, and if they are violated the lixecutive is to
blame. So, sir, might have said the honorable
Senator had he lived in the days to which I have
referred, when the Executive of England violated
the rights scoured by Magna Charta, 46 It is use-
less for you to ask their leoflirmanee, because
they are there already." Not so was the spirit
of libeity m those former days; but when char-
tered lights were violated, the people, whose rights
weie interested, rose up and demanded their rc-
affii malice; and under the reign of one king alone,
I believe some several times was that reaffirmance
asked.
Sir, in times like these it is well to look back
i rUo the pieced en ts of the past, for history in these
times is but repeating itself. Human liberty—
the liberty of free, noble-born, high-spirited white
men—is but imitating the example of the noble
champions of liberty in the past; and the example
ol those champions comes up in thunder tones to-
day condemnatory of the principle laid down by
the honorable Senator from Maryland. Admit
that my amendment but leaffirms the Constitution
of the United States, would it not be refreshing
to thousands of American citizens whose consti-
tutional rights have been violated, the violation
of which hus been condemned by many who have
had the boldness to condemn itm the face ofaibi-
trary power—would it not bring gladness to their
hearts to know that the representatives of the
sovereign States of this Union, having witnessed
these violations long enough, meant to give to
their constitutional lights the vote of their ap-
proval? Sir, pass my amendment, and joy will
spiing up in many an aching heart; he who with-
out cause now groans in unlawful bastile prisons
would be cheered; the weeping mother and the
worse than orphaned child would take heart again,
and they would say that the representatives of
what wa3 once the great Republic of the United
States have arisen at last to a sense of the just
constitutional rights of this people, and they mean
to assert in the face of the exercise of arbitrary
power that they cherish those rights, and will see
that they shall be preserved.
But the honorable Senator says the amendment
is not germane to the bill. That is no objection
to its adoption. It has been held by the Senate
that any amendment, whether germane or not,
may be made to a bill. On one occasion a large
appropriation bill was tacked on to a pension bill
as an amendment, and the point of order being
made, (and the history of the Senate of the United
States will show it,) it was decided by the Senate,
as I understand, that it could be done. I may
be mistaken in the facts, but I know that two
bills wholly incongruous were united. 1 have
often heard it from the late distinguished Senator
from Maryland, Mr. Pearce.
1 have offered this amendment to this bill be-
cause I did not believe that if I offered it as a sep-
arate resolution I could get a vote upon it. In
my feeble attempts on all previous occasions to
assert by resolutions, either of inquiry or affirm-
ative in their nature, the constitutional rights of
the people, I have been disappointed, and have
never been allowed to take them up for consider-
ation. The bill of my honorable friend from
Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,] providing against mil-
itary interference with the freedom of elections
was intioduced eaily in the session and debated,
but he has not been allowed to take it up for con-
sideration since it was postponed on the motion
of the honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Johnson] that hp might discuss it.
Now, sir, no evil can result from the adoption
of this amendment. It is not liable to any objec-
tion arising under your rules. It can do no pos-
sible harm. It asserts, it is true, constitutional
rights. 1 offer it, therefore, that the people of
this country may know that there is respect.in
the American Senate for those constitutional
rights, and that they will see that in the future
those rights are preserved.
Mr. JOHNSON. I yield to no member of the
Senate in devotion toall the principles of freedom
which make a partof the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and which are guarantied by that in-
strument; and when any portion of the Govern-
ment shall violate those principles, and I am
called upon officially to declare an opinion, I shall
not hesitate to meet it, and to meet it, if the fact
be true, by punishing the violation to the whole
extent of any existing law. But the amendment
offered by the Senator from Delaware to this bill
is not offered as a censure upon any branch of
the Government.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not wish to censure
them.
Mr. JOHNSON. So I supposed. I have a
right, therefore, to assume,as far as that amend-
ment is concerned, that every branch of the Gov-
ernment has conformed to the Constitution; that
there have been no violations. However the as-
sumption nfoy be true m point of fact, t have a
right, for the purpose of passing upon the pro-
priety of this amendment as it stands, to assume
that to be true.
My friend talks about the reiteration by the
barons of Magna Charta from time to time. If
he will bring in (provided it is a matter over
which the Senate have any control) a proposition
of censure, and will establish the case as against
the President or any member of tin? Administra-
tion, of an intentional violation of the Constitu-
tion, he will not find me lagging far behind.
But the question now is, as presented by his
amendment to this bill, are we to declare that the
Constitution is in force? My fuend says it was
done m England, and it had a wonderful,happy
effect upon the then majesty, and it was done
more than once. Does he think if there has been
any violation of the Constitution that this reiter-
ation of the Constitution will guard us more ef-
fectually in the future than the Constitution itself
has m the past?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I hope it will be a warn-
ing.
Air. JOHNSON. But that single warning will
have no effect. Putit into every bill that is pre-
sented; and to-morrow morning when we have
bills in relation to other subjects before us, the
honorable member if he carries out his theory will
be found offering an amendment like this, thai the
