1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
the bank in common with the other real property within
the State."
That is perfectly certain. The opinion does not
extend to any such question, because the issue
did not and could notielate to that question,and
therefore the court cautiously avoided passing
any opinion on thatquestion. The Chief Justice
speaks with perfect truth, but with his character-
istic cautiousness: the opinion does not extend to
any such question. He continues:
" Nor to a tax imposed on the interest which the citizens
of Maryland may hold in this institution, in common with
other -property of the same description throughout the
State."
My remarks are equally true respecting this
clause of the opinion, and for the same reason,
that the question of the power of Maryland to
tax the stock in the hands of the stockholders
of that bank was not before the court. The Chief
Justice proceeds:
But this is a tax on the operations of the bank, and is,
consequently, a tax on the operation of an in&trumentem-
ployed by the Government of the Union to carry its powers
into execution. Such a tax must be unconstitutional.'1'
The point of the decision is this: that a tax
upon the operations of the Bank of the United
States was unconstitutional because it tended di-
rectly to prevent the operation of a lawful instru-
ment of the United States in carrying out its pow-
ers. J beg to know whatdistinction in principle
there is between a proposition to tax the opera-
tions, or, if you please, the franchise of a hank,
and one to tax the stock in the hands of the stock-
holder. It is said in this opinion that if the State
may tax the operations of a bank to the amount
of one percent., it may tax it to such an amount
as to compel it to close up its business, and thus
it will be in the power of the Slate Legislature to
prevent the operations of a national bank. But
if the State can tax the stock of such a bank in
the hands of a stockholder, it may carry this tax-
ation to such an extent as completely to deprive
that stock of all value, and thus it may ruin the
institution and bring about precisely the same re-
sult as if its taxation had been confined to the
mere franchise for the operations, that is, the
working of the bank itself. 1 think when Sena-
tors undertake to draw a distinction between the
one kind of taxation and the other, they seek to
get up h distinction where there is no difference,
for the reasoning applies, in my judgment, as
strongly against the right to tax the stock in the
hands of a stockholder us to tax the franchise of
a bank. Hence, as I remarked before, u seems
to me that we are endeavoring to exercise a very
doubtful power under the Constitution.
But if the Slates possess the power to tax the
individual stockholders in this bank, what power
have we to restrain or trammel or limit the power
of that State taxation? And still both the ori-
ginal bill and the amendment of the committee,
which is now under consideration, assume thus
to limit the power of a State over this now called
one of the ordinary subjects of taxation. If the
States have the power to impose taxes on this
stock, they have it irrespective of us; they have
it in virtue of their original sovereignty as States,
and it is incompetent,as it seems to mo, for Con-
gress to restrain, modify, or limit that power of
State taxation. If the States have it nor, then it
is equally idle, still more idle for us to undertake
to restrain it. In short, sir, if we have the power
of taxation in such eases, if Congress have that
power, is it not an exclusive power—exclusive
because it is imposed upon a species of property
which has existence and existence only under
and by an act of the United States—property
which previously had no existence? I refer to
the certificates of stock. That is the jus ad rem,
the right to a proportionate share in the distribu-
tion of the corporate funds', for it is not pretended
that the individual stockholder has the jus in rt%
lias any absolute possessory right to the thing
itself. If we have the power of taxation our-
selves, and that seems to be conceded, it seems
to me to be an exclusive power. If the States
have it not as States, then it is impossible for us
to impart it to them. It is certainly a very sin-
gular notion about State rights that the Congress
of the United States can give to States rights of
legislation which they did not previously pos-
sess.
I hope, sir, that my amendment will meet the
approbation of the Senate; for if the bill is to
pass 1 think that will be a very material safe-
guard in it, and one which will make it more ac-
ceptable to the people of the States where stock
is not subscribed as leadily as in other States
than it would be without such an amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not propose to discuss
the question as one now for the first time arising
whether there is not a distinction between the au-
thority of the States to tax the shares which their
citizens may invest in a bank or not. The hon-
orable member from Michigan says that thatpar-
ticular question was not involved in the case of
McCulloch. In one sense he is correct; that is
to say, the case might have been decided without
saying anything about the right of a State to do
anything more than impose such a tax as Mary-
land attempted to impose in that case; I referied
to the decision in the case of McCulloch, not for
the purpose of showing the very point was de-
cided as being necessary to the decision of that
particular case, but that it was admitted by the
court, who denied the power of Maryland to im-
pose that particular tax, that she would have a
right to impose a tax in a different mode.
Mr, HOWARD. If the honorable Senator
will excuse me, I do not understand the court to
have made any such admission. Certainly if we
construe the language of the Chief Justice with
any strictness—and wc know he was in the habit
of writing verv carefully—we will find no such
admission, as I think.
Mr. JOHNSON. It has been read several
times, and it is rather fatiguing to the Senate to
recur to it again. The honorable member says
that there is no admission on the part of the Chief
Justice or of the court—the court were unanimous
—that the State would have a right to lay a tax
upon the shares of itscitizensor the real estate of
the bank. The honorable member is now of the
opinion, and so is the honorable member from
Massachusetts. 
Mr. HOWARD. I said nothing about real
estate, however.
Mr. JOHNSON. They were both of the opinion
that the principle involved in the case of McCul-
loch and the United States Bank denies to a State
the authority to tax the shares or the real estale
of a bank; the shares at any rate.
Mr. SUMNER. The shares.
Mr. JOHNSON. The argument made in sup-
port of Maiyland's taxation was that if the right
to impose that particular kind of taxation did not
exist, then Maryland would not have a right to
impose the other kind of taxation, or rather to
impose a tax in a different form, a tax upon the
shares of her citizens in the bank. What do the
court say? The honorable member reads it as
not implying an admission on the part of the
Chief Justice that Maryland would have a right
to impose such a tax as the counsel for Mary-
land insisted she would be excluded from impos-
ing provided the court should decide that she had
no right to impose the particular tax which was
in question. What does the judge say ?
"This opinion doe* not depiive the States of any re-
sources winch they originally possessed "
So far there is an admission that there were re-
sources originally possessed before the bank was
chartered. What are they?
a It does not extend to a tax paid by the real properly of
the (>;uik, in common with the oilier real property within
the State, nor to a tax imposed on the interest which the
citizens of iUar} land may hold m tins institution, in com-
mon with other property of the same description through-
out the State."
What is the inference to be drawn from the two
sentences I have read? The property whreh Ma-
ryland's citizens are investing in the bank ex-
isted antecedent to the bank. It was feared on
the part of Maryland that if her act was not sus-
tained she would not have a light to tax that
property if it were invested in the bank stock;
but the Chief Justice says no such thing: we tell
you expressly, in so many words, that this prop-
erty existing before this decision, it does not de-
prive you of the right to impose such taxation.
When the case came before the court again as an
authority in the case of Brown vs. The State of
Maryland, to which I adverted just now from
recollection, the honorable member will find m
the dissenting opinion of Mr. Justice Thompson
upon the general question that he relied upon
what was done in the case of McCulloch vs. The
State of Maryland to show that what Maryland
proposed to do in this case she had a right to do;
and what does he say was done in McCulloch vs.
The State of Maryland? After citing the case,
he says:
" It is there admitted that the power of taxation is an in-
cident of sovereignty, and is coextensive with that to which
it is an incident, and that all subjects over which the sov-
ereign power of a StSte extends are objects of taxation."
He then goes on to speak of the Bank of the
United States being brought into existence by
the General Government, and therefore not sub-
ject to taxation. He continues:
"And it is expressly admitted in that casc',—
I am reading the words of the dissenting judge,
and they all concur in that—
" And it is expressly admitted in that case that the opin-
ion did not depiivo the State of any resources they origin-
ally possessed ; nor to any tax.paid by the real property of
the bank, in common with the other real pioperty within
the State; not to a tax imposed on the interest which the
citizens of Maryland may hold in the institution in common
with other property of the same description throughout the
State."
Mr. HOWARD. That is a repetition of the
same language used in the other case.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know it is; but I refer to
it for the purpose of showing that one of the
judges who participated in McCulloch vs. The
State of Maryland says it was admitted that the
States had the power to lay taxes of this descrip-
tion. It is rather broader.
. Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
'Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator will
allow us to get through with this troublesome
question. There are no other amendments scarcely
to the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS, If we wait to dispose of
that we shall get no dinner to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think there will
be any further debate.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to say just one word.
The PRESlDENT;m> tempore. The question
of adjournment must first be determined, and
that is not a debatable motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. At the solicitation of the
Senator from Ohio I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to say simply this:
I am as anxious as the Senator from Maryland
or any other Senator to subject these funds in the
hands of the stockholders to State taxation if it
can be done legally, for I see the inconvenience
which would arise from the exemption of that
vast fund from State taxation; but what I fear is
this: that we shall be enacting a series of lawsuits
which will keep the country in a state of turmoil
and disturbance on the subject of this currency,
and thus injure the public interests. That is one
great ground of my fear. Another is this: that
we cannot impart to the States a power of taxing
this species of property by any act of ours if
they have italready in virtue of their sovereignty,
so to speak, as States.
Mr. HALE. It strikes me the amendmentof
the Senator from Michigan would introduce a
new and dangerous principle into legislation; for
it would enable, for instance, the Legislature we
will say of Massachusetts to tax the citizens of
New Hampshire. If a bank happens to be lo-
cated in Boston and a man in New Hampshne
owns $50,001) of its stock, that is personal prop-
erty owned in New Hampshire over which the
State in virtue of its sovereignty has the lightto
exercise the powerof taxation; and that has never
been denied by the decisions which have been
read. This amendment of the Senator from Mich-
igan proposes to let the State of Massachusetts
tax this $50,000.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir. I propose thatthe
tax shall be imposed m the State where the fund
is used and where it gains its profits. I think
that is fair.
Mr. HALE. I understand it. In other words,
it allows the State of Massachusetts to tax the
holders of personal property existing in New
Hampshire, Vermont, or any other State. It
seems to me that that would bea dangerous inno-
vation and a dangerous provision, and one that
the States would never submit to. Besides, you
could not by this means deprive the State of the
power of taxing its own citizens for its own prop-
erty, and they would tax it; and in that way you
would subject them to a double tax. It seems to
me that it would be unjust in that respect.
I think it is obnoxious also to the criticism
which the Senator fiom Michigan himself makes
when he says we cannot give nor confer upou the
