1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
from my State when the record in the same De-
partment entirely exonerates him.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to move
an amendment to the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa, by inserting the words " if in the opin-
ion of the President the evidence can be furnished
not incompatible with the best interestsof the ser-
vice." That is the usual form.
I desire to say, in addition to what has been said
by the Senator from Iowa, that so far as Major
General Curtis is concerned, he is anxious, and
his friends are anxious, that the testimony should
go to the world with the counter testimony he has
since furnished.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
amendment is in order. The Senatorfrom Kan-
sas proposes to amend the amendment by insert-
ing after the word "requested" the words "if
not in his opinion inconsistent with the public
interests."
M r. POWELL. I did not expect that the pas-
sage of this resolution would meet with the re-
sistance that it hasmet with. So far as the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Iowa is con-
cerned, 1 must say that I think it is proper, and
to that I have no objection. I do not wish in any
way to injure the reputation of any citizen or any
officer of this Government, either in the military
or the civil service, and if testimony is asked for
the tendency of which is to injure his reputation
in any way whatever, if there should be in the
same department counter testimony, I am per-
fectly willing it should be made known to the
public. I will therefore accept the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Iowa; at least that
part of it which asks that the testimony taken to
exonerate General Curtis be also sent in.
The Senator from Massachusetts, however,
seems to object to this testimony being brought
before the Senate. He says it is testimony taken
by the Government, and it should be kept by the
Government for their own inspection to regulate
and govern their action. Sir, I had supposed that
the Senate was a part of this Government. I am
still of that opinion, notwithstanding the remarks
of the Senator from Massachusetts would indicate
that he held otherwise. We, as a part of this Gov-
ernment, have a right to have this testimony laid
before us.
The reason why I have offered this resolution
is that I have seen it stated in the public journals,
I have heard it from private individuals—gentle-
men whom I know to be men of honor and ve-
racity—that there had been outrageous frauds in
that military department. I have heard it inti-
mated and stated over and over again that the evi-
dence accompanying the report of General Mc-
Dowell would show that fact beyond doubt. Believ-
ing that it would do it, from the intelligence I had, I
thought it eminently proper that the Senate should
have that testimony brought before them, and
have it published. We, as a part of the Govern-
ment, have a righttoit. If that testimony proves
that the officers of this Government have been
acting fraudulently or corruptly, it ought to be
known. If there is testimony there to exculpate
them, common fairness and justice would demand
that that also should accompany it, and to that I
have no objection.
The Senatorfrom Massachusetts said it had not
been usual to publish such testimony taken be-
fore such commissions. Allow me to tell that
honorable Senator that he was greatly mistaken
when he made tliat assertion. 1 remjmber that
we did publish testimony taken before more than
one commission sent out from that department.
The report of the commission composed of Mr.
Holt, judge Davis, and a Mr. Campbell, I be-
lieve, to investigate the affairs of the department
of General Fremont in St. Louis, was published.
The report of a commission, of which Mr. Holt
and Mr. Robert Dale Owen were at the head, to
investigate ordnance and gun contracts, sent out
from the War Department, was published by or-
der of this Senate. It has been common to pub-
lish such reports. We have a right to know what
testimony this commission collected. Such was
the effect of the commission of which Genera!
McDowell was the head, and that of which Holt
and Davis formed a part, that General Fremont
and General Curtis were both suspended for some
time from their commands. lam not in favor of
keeping such testimony back. Let the country
know it.
The Senatorfrom Iowa tells us that this wasa
commission of which the President had no knowl-
edge; that it was organized by the War office
without his knowledge or consent. That may be
so; for I think the Secretary of War does things
very much as he pleases, without regard to the de-
sire of the President or to the laws and Constitu-
tion of his country. But, sir, it is humiliating
that such excuses should be given by Senators
for the Executive. The President of the United
States, who allows such things without his knowl-
edge, and permits officials thus to transgress the
rules of propriety of one of the Departments of
this Government, does not deserve the commis-
eration of anybody. The President should in-
stantly dismiss such officers from his service.
But, sir, the honorable Senator tells us that his
colleague in the other House has examined these
papers, and that they exculpate General Curtis.
1 hope they do. It would be a pleasant thing for
me to find that every official of the Government
whose reputation had been assaulted was fully
vindicated and justified. But, sir, there is no pos-
sibility for me ever to get to look into those doc-
uments; for I went to that War office on one oc-
casion for the purpose of examining a report on
file there to perfect a bill that was pending before
this Senate that I had introduced to prevent frauds
upon the War Department, and 1 was flatly re-
fused by Mr. Stanton the privilege of reading the
report in his office. I suppose he allows those
who are in political amity with him to examine
those records. He refused me that privilege. I
thought it was un unpardonable rudeness to me,
and since then I have not put my foot across the
threshold of the room in which that officer sits in
the War office.
Sir, I hope this resolution will pass, and 1 hope
that I and other Senators may have the privileges
accorded to Republican members of Congress, of
examining papers on file in that War office, or
have the privilege of seeing them at least. I, for
one, have been denied examinations there. If I
had been permitted heretofore to examine these
records in that office I would havegone there. I
would have read over this testimony myself, and
I would not have troubled the Senate with a res-
olution askingit to be published unless I thought
the public service imperiously demanded it. I
accept the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Iowa. I think that additional testimony
should be published along with the testimony re-
ported by GeneralMcDowell. 1 have no special
objection to the resolution being directed to the
President instead of to the Secretary of War, for
the Secretary of War now stands in contempt of
resolutions passed by this body. I hope the Pres-
ident will not be so imperious, but will give us
the testimony upon request. I desire that the
resolution, as it is modified, may be adopted by
the Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, I un-
derstand the history of this board of jjjiquiry to
be that neither the President of the United States
nor the Secretary of War had any knowledgeof
it, and that it originated with the commander-in-
chief. I have no answer to make to the assaults
of the Senatorfrom Kentucky upon theSecretary
of War or of the President of the United States
except this, that if I were the President of the
United States or the Secretary of War, discharg-
ing my duty patiiotically and faithfully to my
country, I would consider an assault from the
Senator from Kentucky as the highest compli-
ment that could be paid to me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky accepts the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa as amodification ofhisresolution; and
the question now recurs on the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Kansas as a distinct
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot allow this question
to pass from the Senate without saying a few
words in regard to a gentleman whose name has
been connected with it—Major General^ Curtis.
During a long and intimate friendship with Gen-
eral Curtis, dating back to my early youth and
continued through years of public service, I have
formed of him the highest opinion. 1 know him
to be a man pure, upright, honorable, and just.
When 1 first saw that Major General McDow-
ell was at the head of a corn t of inquiry to inquire
into his conduct, and that the newspapers were
publishing charges detrimental to the reputation
of General Curtis, it excited my attention. I react
carefully all that was said about it, made diligent
inquiry, and had a correspondence with General
Curtis on the subject. General Curtis informed
me, when it was charged in the newspapers that
he was engaged in speculating in cotton and liad
made a large sum of money in that <vay, that he
had never bought any cotton, directly'or indi-
rectly, had never been engaged inany way in any
such speculations, had never made one dollar or
one cent in any transaction in the department of
the South on any kind of property whatever, and
never received anything during the time he was
in the service in Arkansas and Missouri except
the salary given him by law.
I noticed shortly afterwards the publication in
the newspapers of ex parte testimony; among the
rest a statement made by General Steele, if I re-
member aright, giving hearsay declarations in
which General Curtis's name was involved. The
attention of General Curtis was called to it. The
very moment he ascertained that such an exam-
ination had been had, and that officers had been
examined without his knowledge before this com-
mission, he took steps to procure testimony in
his vindication of the most conclusive character,
to be sent to the President.
Mr. GRIMES. He first demanded a court of
inquiry.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; the very moment
the subject was called to his attention he demanded
a court of inquiry or court-martial or some mode
ofinquiry into his conduct, insisting that he should
not rest under these imputations without having
an opportunity to answer them. He was replied
to that there were no accusations against him.
A court-martial ora court of inquiry was refused,
as the accusation was not of a character to be
submitted to a court of inquiry. He, however,
took testimony and sentit to the President of the
United Slates, and the President of the United
States was so entirely satisfied that General Cur-
tis was guiltless of this matter that he at once so
declared, and openly and frankly relieved General
Curtis from the charge.
The Senator from Kentucky stated that General
Curtis was relieved from his command on account
of these charges. 1 can assure the Senator that
such was not the fact. General Curtis was re-
lieved of his command in Missouri because he
took the radical side in Missouri.
Mr. POWELL. I stated the impression I had.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am very glad to correct
that impression.
Mr. POWELL. Of course I stand corrected
if the Senator knows the fact, because I did not.
I saw it stated in the public journals that that
was the cause of his removal.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can state the contrary
from the highest authority, the President of the
^United States, who told me himself that General
Curtis was not relieved from his command on
account of these accusations about cotton specu-
lations; that they had nothing to do with it; that
they had been entirely and satisfactorily ex-
plained.'
I make these declarations in behalf of General
Curtis, who is notonly a pure man, but is a sen-
sitive man. He retired from the public service
with a keen sense of injury done to him by these
ffccusations which he was not allowed to meet.
Fortunately, he has been able to repel them and
outlive them in public sentiment, and has been
assigned to an important com mand. I make these
declarations because I happen to know them and
because I feel the injustice that was done to Gen-
eral Curtis.
It appeared also in the testimony that the per-
son with whom it was said he was interested in
buying cotton was Mr. Guthrie, a gentleman who
had long lived at Memphis. He had been en-
gaged in the cotton business, and was carrying on^
trade in cotton by a permit from the Secretary of
War and the Secretary of the Treasury. Gen-
eral Curtis had no connection with him, directly or
indirectly .except the fact that in former years they
had been acquainted and perhaps were distantly
connected in Ohio; but he had no connection with
him,directly or indirectly,and gave him no aid or
cooperation in his cotton speculations, and never
received a dollar from them.
These accusations against military officers are
very easily made, and the officers themselves are
the most helpless beings in the world. They can-
