1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Constitution of the United States is in force.
Where are we to stop ?
Now, sir, 1 have stated as another reason for
not voting for this particular amendment that it. j
is not germane to the bill. The honorable Sena-
tor says there was a case in which an appropri-
ation bill was attached to a pension bill. Does
not the honorable member see that that pension
bill was an appropriation bill; that it dealt with
money in the Treasury just as directly as any
other mode of appropriating money in the Treas-
ury; and that theicfore,so far from the two prop-
ositions not being germane in the eye of parlia-
mentary law, there was an exact similarity?
1 repeat, Mr. President, that come when the
time will, when this gieat charter of American
freedom is to be vindicated against all its viola-
tors, and more certainly justin proportion as they
may hold high and elevated situations, he will
not find me behind him in using whatever ability
I may possess in laying bare the enormity of such
transgressions, and visiting upon the parties who
have been guilty of them all the punishment which
the laws have provided. And if it does not come
in any parliamentary or judicial form, by any
parliamentary or judicial proceeding, but does
come before the grand inquest of the nation, who
are in all eases the rightful judges of what shall
be done to a ceitain extent with those who have
violated the Constitution, and I am satisfied that
persons of that description are again seeking pop-
ular support by seeking reelection to the offices
that they now fill, I will use whatever ability 1
possess to expose their conduct before that in-
quest and try to obtain a verdict at their hands,
which, while it will punish the present guilty,
will be a warning to all who shall have thoughts
of guilt, in their mirid hereafter.
Mr. SAULSBUP^Y. The honorable Senator
from Maryland asked me if, in my judgment any
persons now exercising power have violated any
of the provisions of the Constitution of theUmtcd
States'winch arerecited ill this amendment why 1
did not bring in a resolution of censure, and ifl pre-
sented a case wheie they had so violated he would
unite with mem voting for the resolution of cen-
sure. Sir, it is because 1 have too much respect
for the Constitution of the United States, notwith-
standing I do know that persons are exercising
this unwarrantable power and doing these un-
warrantable things, that 1 do not bring in a reso-
lution of censure. The Constitution ot the United
Suites points out the mode and manner in which
you shall censure the high executive officers of
this Government. It is not by a simple resolu-
tion of censure of ihis body, but it is by articles
of impeachment in ihe other House, m which case
the honorable Senatoi and myself would be called
upon to act as judges. That is the mode and that
is the manner which the Consti tu i ion of the United
Slates points out for censuring those clothed with
office under ihe Constitution of the United Suites
who abuse their power.
The honoiable Senator says that he has a right
to presume, at least so far us thjs amendment is
concerned, that there have been no such viola-
tions of the Constitution; and yet, sir, as a mat-
ter of fact there is no gentleman in this countly
who knows better than the honorable Senator
that those violations have occuired, fur he him-
self was frequently called upon befiire he became
a member of this body to render his professional
setvices to procure the release of peisons who
have been arbitrarily, without process of law, and
contrary to the Constitution of the United States,
imprisoned in forts and bastiles.
The Senatoi says that this amendment is not
germane to the bill. If the honorable Senator j
thinks that it is not germane to the bill what is ]
the mode for linn to take advantage of it.' It he
thinks we cannot properly and legitimately odd
on this amendment to the amendment proposed
by the committee of the Senate, his proper plan
is to laise the point of oi der, and ask for the judg-
ment of the Presiding Officer. That would bring
up the question. _ .
Mr. FOOT You cannot raise a point oforuer
on the Question ot eongi'uttv.
Mr. SAULSiiURY. 1 presume that some of
those who will vote against my amendment will
do liberalise u is i.icwngi nous. 1 shook! like to
luue the opinion ot the distinguished cx-pres.d-
in" officer ot the Senate, before this debute closes,
whether my amendment to thus bill is pioper or
not; I mean, whether there is anything in the
rules of the Senate that prevents this body from
so amending the bill.
Mr. FOOT. I will say to the Senator from
Delaware that it is not competent for the Presid-
ing Officer to rule any proposition in the form of
an amendment out of order upon the ground of
incongruity to the matter to wnich it is proposed
as an amendment. The want of congruity may
be the best of all reasons for voting against the
proposition, but a question of order cannot be
raised upon it upon which the Chaif can decide
it out of order.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I hope that honorable
members of the Senate who 1 know profess to
believe that the principles embodied intheamend-
ment are correct will give us a direct vote upon
it, and not give us a vote the reasons for which
the country cannot understand. The country
can undeistand this, sir: that if this Senate votes
affirmatively upon my amendment, they mean to
assert the principles therein contained; but if hon-
orable Senators vote against it, then they know
one of two things: either that honorable Senators
are. not in favor of the principles contained in the
amendment, or else there is some technical objec-
tion to prevent them from so voting; but what
thattechnical objection is, or how many technical
objections there may be, the country cannot un-
derstand. But, sir, 1 will not pursue the debate
further.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we may be allowed
to have a vote on this question.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 14, 18G4.
The House metattwelveo'clock, m. Prayer by
the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
OVERLAND MAIL.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report a joint resolution from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads in re-
lation to the continuance for one year of the over-
land mail to California.
There was no objection.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a joint resolu-
tion to authorize the Postmaster General to ex-
tend the contract with the Overland Mail Com-
pany; which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution, which was read, provides
that the contract with the Overland Mail Com-
pany be renewed for one year from the 1st day of
July next on the same terms and conditions as the
pirsent existing contract.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker J will state for the
information of the House that a bill came from
the Senate authorizing the Postmaster General to
contract with the Overland Mail Company or any
othercompany,if in his discretion he should deem
it expedient, for the continuar.ee of the service of
cairying the mails by the overland route for four
yeaio, which bill has been before the Post Office
Committee of the House, and we have been un-
able to agree fully, and if we had, it has been
impossible to report to the House, inasmuch as
that committee has not been called for reports loi
seveial months. The Postmaster General hasad-
vci used for bids, and the time expires to-morrow,
and it is therefore necessary to have immediate
action Under the. circumstances it was regarded
bv the parties in interest on all sides that it was
for the interest of the service and of the Govern-
ment that this contract should be extended for
one year. And m the present state of the currency
it is impossible to determine what the service
may be actually worth for so long a time as four
YTl is clear to my mind, therefore, and I think it
is the unanimous opinion ot the committee, that
the circumstances, is the best thing
I therefore call fur the previous ques-
tltis, under
to be done.
tion.
Mr. STEVENS,
me r
Mr. ALLEY. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. Has not this contract been
Will the gentleman yield to
advertised for by the Department, and are they not _
receiving proposals r . _
Mr. ALLEY. Thecontract wag advertised for,
but was afterwards withdrawn, as .was stated,,at
the request of the Senate committee, for the pur-
pose of procuring additional legislation. That
additional legislation it has been impossible topfa-
tain in consequence of the committee being u'n«ble
to report. Theinterest of the Government requires
that immediate action should be taken, and, in my
judgment, this course will save to the Government
a very large amount* perhaps $1,000,000. ;"
Mr- STEVENS. When does the contract ex-
pire 8 :
Mr. ALLEY-. On the 1st of July; but the time
for receiving bids expires to-morrow. As I learn,
scarcely any bids have been presented, and it will
place the Government in the hands of a few in-
dividuals.
Mr. STEVENS. Let us postpone this to see
what these bids are. I suggest that it be post-
poned till Monday next.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 will say that the Senate have
had the matter under consideration, and have re-
ported that the Overland Mail Company shall re-
ceive $150,000 additional compensation to what
they have received during the lastfouryears. That
bill is now before the Post Office Committee of this
House for consideration. In my opinion that is
a very exorbitant price for the Government to pay
for that service, if we had a sound currency, which
we hope to have long before the four years .will
expire. .
Mr. STEVENS. I do not like to vote against
this resolution, but I want to see what these bids
are 
Mr. ALLEY. It will be too late.
Mr. STEVENS. Why too late? It does not
expire till the 1st of July.
Mr. ALLEY. Because the Postmaster Gen-
eral will, 1 fear, hardly feel himselfauthorized to
reject those bids withoutany suggestion from Con-
gtess. This resolution extends the contract for
only one year. It is alread y extended to next Oc-
tober. Consequen tly it really extends it only nine
months, which gives an opportunity to mature a
bill at. the next session and protect the interests of
the Government to the fullest extent.
Mr. SHANNON. In my opinion this resolu-
tion ought not to pass. The Postmaster General
did advertise for bids to carry the oveiland mail
to California, but I understand at the request of a
single individual he has withdrawn them.
Mr. ALLEY. It was, as the gentleman states,
by a single member of the committee, but with the
sanction of the committee, and in the note to the
Postmaster General he stated thauit was by di-
rection of the committee. The Postmaster Gen-
eral acted on that authority, and the committee,
as I understand, did not disclaim that action.
Mr. SHANNON. In view of the factthatthe
contract will expire on the 1st of July, 1 do not
see why the Postmaster General, at the instance
of any member or committee of either «"use>
thought proper to withdraw those bids. We be-
lieve^ and indeed we understand and know, that
if the advertisements had been continued compe-
tent parties would have bid to carry the mails
to the Pacific coast within the schedule time set
forth in the advertisement. Thatsome respons-
ible party would have taken the contract on the
1st of July there is no doubt, ill my opinion.
Now, sir, the management of carrying the mail
to Salt Lake, St. Joseph, and Atchison, is noto-
riously outrageous. We wanted a better man-
agement and more efficiency in carrying the mai .
The carrying of the mail fiom Salt Lake to roL-
som, California, is well done, but it is notorious
that it is outrageously managed from Salt Lake
in this dneetion. Complaints of all these matteis
were made known to the Postmaster Genetal,and
he was informed that the service required more
efficiency,more competency, more responsibility,
and better management, and that we desired that
the contract should be opened to competition, and
that the mail should be earned within fifteen or
twenty days. Now, sir, the extending of this
contract for one year in this manner is a piece o
patch-work, and 1 hope the resolution will not
PdMr. ALLEY. What the gentleman states may
not be correct. On that I have nothing
to say, for that is not the question at issue before
the H'buse ut the present time, lfi however, what
or may
