1960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
Mr. VOORHEBS. The gentleman from Cali-
fbrma used the following language, to which I
heard no dissent from the Chair:
{ underhand that u is in the power of any one member
to object; that auammous consent h required for the gen-
tleman from Mi-souu to pioeeed, without my motion. I
prtuVv, tln?ieh>ro, to leave -it to the House, tmd withdraw
the motion to Jay it upon the table.'1
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not responsi-
ble for what oilier gentlemen may state, although
he.is for what he states himself. If he were to
interpose always when gentlemen make state-
ments in regard to parliamentary proceedings, he
would be occupying more time than the House
might deem proper. The Chair remembers re-
marking that if the motion to lay upon the table
were withdrawn, the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Blair] would be entitled to the floor.
Mr. HJGBY. I only want the report and
evidence printed. I think that they should be
printed;'and I shall seek an opportunity, when
the testimony is printed, to rise to a question of
privilege, in order to place myself right upon this
matter before the House. The gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. McClurg,] by some understand-
ing with the House, has an opportunity to speak*
and if he seeks that opportunity now it is by no
understanding with me. I have risen for the pur-
pose, and for no other, of having this report
printed. This case is in the hands of the House
and not in mine.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to say
that by no understanding of the Chair with the
gentleman from Missouri is that gentleman upon
the floor now. The gentleman rose upon his own
motion. The Chair was not aware that he in-
tended to rise; but as he did rise lie has a right
to proceed.
Mr. McCLURG commenced h is remarks, but
before ho hud proceeded fur was interrupted by
The SPEAKER. TheC-lini r is of opinion that
the remarks of the gentleman from Missouu are
not in order. He must confine himself to the
report of the select committee.
Mr. McCLURG. I merely made these remaiks
as mtioductory to what i have to say upon this
leport.
The SPEAKER. If the House grants unani-
mous consent to the trentleman as if. dnl to his
colleague, [Mr. Blair,J to proceed without regm d
to the rules the Ciuur has no objection; but with-
out that, the Chair must hold, as lie did in the
case of his colleague, that the gentleman must
confine himself to the lepoitof the select com-
mittee.
Mr. STEVENS. It will be remembered (hat
after the same ruling the other day m reference
to the gentleman fiom Missouri, [Mr. Blair,]
the House allowed him to go on m his own way.
1 move that the same course be pursued in refer-
ence to the gentleman now upon the floor.
Mr. YOQRIIEES. There can be no earthly
objection.
No objection beim* made, Mr. McClukg was
allowed to piocecd in his own way.
Mr. McCLURG. Mr. speaker, in accordance
with notice given lust Saturday, as labors have
ended upon the fax bill, 1 rise to a question of
piivilejie on the motion toprint the evidenceatul
repoit of the committee appointed to investigate
the charges said to have been made by myself
against iJon. P. P. Blair, member ftom the fust
distiiet of Missouri, and to inquiie juIo the truth
or falsity of a certain alleged liquor older. 1 ie-
gret ir. was not the pleasure of the Mouse for me
to speak then while " the military member" [Mr.
Blair] wus present. It vi ill be iemembeied I de-
sired ro *peak then, but submitted to a votrof the
Jlouse desirous of considering the tax bill; neither
do i consider it unhurfor me now,m hisyhsenco,
to comment on the testimony when the first as-
sault in this House was made by this military
(t member,J> and in a clandestine manner by in-
sorting his personal remmks, not uttered in the
House, into his printed speech. But! jegiet the
necessity of asking the attention of the House to
the subject now piescnted when the people are
eallmg j'or immedm'c action upon bills of import-
ance to our aifticrod country. But, foro dinn  m v
pek'Mfj }.u^non hy *ni'ithei , 1 also regret that I
enntMC k von r indunee beyomj ; he one-hour
rule, if is impossible in one hour to do justice
to the case and properly expt.se the witnesses,
from their own testimony, who have come for-
ward and testified, as I believe I can .show, to
save themselves or others from disgrace. I desire
to show up in distinct colors those who would rule,
in corruption, my beloved but unfortunate State,
and who have their counterparts in the other bor-
der slave States.
As my language will go to the public, it is due
to myself, to truth, and the cause of freedom in
Missouri, on which my heart is fixed, to remind
this House, and thus inform the country, that I
was drawn reluctantly into this discussion, that
I was forced into it, that I remained in almost
disgraceful silence after I had been, without prov-
ocation, attacked in my character for truthful-
ness by a colleague—excuse me, " the military
member" from the first district, [Mr. Blair]—on
the 5th day of February last, and until after a sec-
ond attack by the same " member" on the 27th
day of the same month. In his first attack he
spoke distinctly of the four radicals from his State,
and in reference to General Schofield said: " After
accepting the concession, these parties flew-from
their agreement." Notwithstanding a colleague
from the seventh district [Mr. Loan] in a per-
sonal explanation pronounced it "false," there-
by directing his, " the military member's" [Mr.
Blair's] attention to his language, he did not in
his second speech, although twenty-two days
after the first, retract, but attempted to add in-
sult to injury. It was after all this that I con-
descended to make a defense, and still " the mili-
tary member" [Mr. Blair] had the audacity on
the 23d instant to say that " vindictive persons
had pursued him to this place." It is known to
all that he first attacked. The radical members
from his State bad agreed with themselves to re-
main silent with regard to thepastif unprovoked,
believing it possible he might, if left to himself,
advance again to the attack he had once led upon
the enemy of the country, slavery, and rejoin
those who had outstripped him, and, regardless
of him, were pressing up the heights and driving
back the foe. But he went, over to the enemy
and attacked-his former friends who had never
on any occasion abused him.
in my defense 1 did not therefoie conceive it to
be my duty merely to have parried off his thrusts
at my character, but, having been forced by him
into the contest, to hi ing down a few blows upon
the head of one I regarded and still regard as a
political trickster, that his future attacks upon
myself or others would be weakened and power-
less for harm; to exhibit the character of one
who would make all others bow before him, not
because of worth, but bccause of the fortuitous
position of bnth and a name which he lias failed
to honor. Ilis own conduct, thciefore, as you
know, forced me to notice him. The result was
he was unable to defend himself in arguments
and facts, and called for a committee of investi-
gation on what he called "the charge of violat-
ing the laws in the matter of an alleged liquor
speculation." We will therefore see what charges
I made and whether or no I am sustained by the
evidence. My belief is that if I had made a di-
rect charge of " violating the laws in the matter
of an alleged liquor speculation" I could sustain
the chaige and myself before an impartial and
intelligent public. But I did not so charge. What
whs my language? We will refer to the Globe
—good authority—of J2th March, containing my
speech of the 9th. My language appears as fol-
lows:
" I\Iv colleague fiom the fir.-t diMriof has much to say
about hade rc^til.iuoiKSj - trade ft lends."< trade stores.' it
iiiiiv thiMe'nrc be well to dKpla) without comment, tot tiiev
mo a comment:!!} within thomsoive-, flic topic* of a cer-
tain { ohIoi* and ceit.un ' invoice,' and winuii will not he
denied to he tine copies or the oiigm.iis, to which access
can be had m a pioper ni.mriei.'*
Copies of the order and invoice are then set
forth. My language then is;
Cl it i> only i ecesfiiry to say they did not reach then des-
tination. 'J'l ade tPLOllation-ptevented Po'habjy ,$00.U00
weie not made. Poltticnue? s-hould have j-oiue fionoialtle
w a\ ol in.ii-1 im hi end ami meat when the\ do not own lead
milieu, i'lob.tbiy theie was an u.U'tfeiencc when <in at-
tempt ina> have been made to Mineigle iiqnoir- contrary to
evMini' lobulation--. Foituncs m anueipauon fiom Mile
I oj poot wlusKv at neb pncts m<H have been lost. '
|l Nor another word m my speech of Match 9 did
!; 1 utter with repaid to the oider or the snecttia-
uon. L? there in tie m a'harg* of vii.l.:t'hi ws :
|j Nothing of the kind. There is no charge. And
ii if the " mihtaiy member" had remained as cool
l! a-:- he thould be when going into battle, and had
asserted the order to have been altered from a
small amount, the whole liquor discussion mii>ht
there have ended. But he could not control bis
vindictive spirit, and took occasion to again at-
tack the Secretary of theTreasuiy through the
special agents. He directly, in emphatic lan-
guage, charged two of the agents with forgery,
and gave the name of Mr. Bonner as one. We
now know he alluded to Michael Powers, his own
agent u to procure the liquors," as the other; and
it is in evidence that he was never what is known
as a Treasury agent, but had been, prior to the
purchase of liquors, a steamboat revenue aid, ap-
pointed by Mr. Howard, a witness in this case,
collector of the port at St. Louis, a persona! and
political friend ofthe member," [Mr. Blair,]
appointed, not by Mr. Chase, but by the Presi-
dent, and that appointmentprocured, Mr. How-
ard in his testimony ''supposes," through his
friend " the member," [Mr. Blair.] All this is
in the evidence. Bat the name of Mr. Powers,
who, as it appears in the testimony, held letters
of recommendation from the " military member,"
was not mentioned. Mr. Bonner's name was
made prominent because he was not a political
friend. He, " the member," [Mr. Blair,] used
this language in his interruption:
" It is acknowledged now to have been a forgery on the
partof these two agents ofMr. Chase." * * * *
"When these miserable iiiiscicants committed this for-
gery."
Now, as I remarked, it is in evidence Powers
never was a Treasury agent, and at date of the
purchase of liquors was not even a revenue aid.
It is also in evidence that Mr. Bonner was not a
Treasury agent until weeks after the purchase
and shipment, and knew nothing about the ease
until after the seizure of the liquors at Cairo.
And it is not in evidence that the order was ever
under the control of any one except Powers, the
agent of " the military-member," after it was de-
livered to him and before it went into the custom-
house. tie and his friends wrote and sighed and
controlled it. And in the face of this positive
testimony, which I hope will be printed, that it
may be read by the public, " thegeneral-member"
[Mr. Blaiii] on last Saturday said, " Evidence
shows that the forgery was made public by a
Treasury agent, who knew it to be of that char-
acter." I assert the evidence does not so show.
It shows only that Mr. Bonner did what any
honest office-holder should do: gave to one of the
sovereign people a copy of the order and invoice,
not believing that the corruption of those in power
should be kept concealed. It shows that Mr.
Bonner never acknowledged that he believed there
was a forgery. To be sure, Mr. Howard testi-
fies that ht (Bonner) " tacitly " acknowledged it;
acknowledged by saying nothing. I say Mr.
Howard, who I will show you, befoie I close, con-
tradicts himself when on oath.
Now, as " the general-member" [Mr. Blair]
has uttered as a fact what the testimony proves
to be false, 1 merely ask, what are the anony-
mous letters worth which he produced and read
containing denunciations of Secretary Chase?
Tiie letters may be genuine; they may not. They
maybe from those of like charocter with himself.
1 shall not, therefore, be led away from the points
in this case to an unnecessary defense of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. I will only remaik lam
a great admirer of the photographic art, and will
imagine a scene that may find its way to canvaa
and appear among others of the naval engage-
ments of this wai: a mammoth iron-clad with
six-inch plating, the S. P. Chase, lying undis-
turbed upon the bosom of the quiet deep, and " an
! individual," bearing the name of a major genet al,
'! fiang'npon her paper wads from an'akler pop-
li gun, dud the sentinel riot aroused from his slurn-
ber. As my speech will show,! then stated that
!1 1 would retract if Mr. Bonner's acknowledgment,
; should be at any time presented. I remain* d in
■ silence two weeks. "The member" [Mi. Bi.Air:!
! did not produce Mr. Bonner's acknowledgment,
i nor did he retract. It therefore became menm-
bent upon me to defend Mr. Bonner agmnst s<.
!| false a charge. When on the 23d Manh J diu
j so, and had Mr. Bonner's letter read, whaleh:nge
did I muko? None but what J am sustained tn
bj the evidence. And it was to inve.«t!gati
chaige" made in th,r speech that "the rnili'rtry
member" [Mr. Blair] called for a umimutee.
,'i The most pointed language u&ed in those re-
