034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
not come out in the newspapers and say they are
not engaged in these fraudulent and dishonorable
operations, because they cannot meet accusa-
tions in that way. They are busy, and probably
their attention may not be called to them. They
may demand a court of inquiry, but the Depart-
ment reply that there is no accusation in proper
form against them and they cannot grant a court
of inquiry. Thus general-officers of the highest
standing have their characters assailed for impur-
ity, fraud, or crime,, without being able to meet
those charges by a manly,open trial. That was
precisely the case with General Curtis, who suf-
fered.for a long time in the public opinion, with-
out any fault. I am very glad to see that notonly
in the opinion of the President, but in the opinion
of the whole country, General Curtis has been re-
lieved from this opprobrium; and these papers if
called for from the President will, I have no doubt,
relieve him from all blame.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I have been
very much pleased to hear the statement made by
the Senator from Ohio. I had the impression
from current rumors that General Curtis was re-
lieved from his command in consequence of these
speculations to which I have alluded, but I have
no doubt the Senator ftom Ohio is correct. It is
not my purpose to debate this question. I hope
that the resolution may pass, and that these papers
may be laid before the Senate, and thatthcy may
acquit allthe officers of the Government. If,how-
ever, they do not, the country ought to know it.
The Senator from Kansas has told the Senate
that if he were President or Secretary of War, in
the faithful discharged' his duties, he would want
no higher eulogy than my censure. Sir, if I
thought the Piesident and the Secretary of War
were in the faithful discharge of their duties, they
never would have received any censure from me.
Let me say to the Senator from Kansas, however,
that my censures or denunciations, as ho calls
them, may or may not damage those high officials;
but there is one thing of which I am very certain:
that the praises of the Senator will be very dam-
aging to their reputations.
Mr. LANE, of ICansas. I made the remark
that I uttered respecting the Senator from Ken-
tucky for the reason that I have been for three
years a member of this body with him, and dur-
ing that entire period I have never heard one word
of condemnation from his lips against those who
are engaged in this rebellion, while day after day
and hour by hour we have heard denunciations
from him against our own faithful officers. What
inlluene.fi cither my denunciation or my praise
may have I submit to the country; I am quite
willing that they shall lie compared with those of
the Senator from K< nturlcy, among the loyal peo-
ple o/this eountiy at least.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hopethe honorable member
from Massachusetts will withdraw his objection
to the application for these proceedings. Th#
public have been advised through a variety of
channels that some of the best men in the service
are impeached by the evidence, or what purpoits
to he the evidence, taken before this commission.
Generul Curtis is not the only person who has
suffered in public estimation. It gives' me pleas-
ure fo state, if anything was necessary to be added
to what fell from the Senator from Ohio, from a
personal acquaintance Willi General Curtis—not,
to be sure, as intimate as that which it has been
his good fortune to enjoy—that I am satisfied a
more correctand honorable man is not to be found
in the country. Ho was a member of the peace
conference of which I was a member, and my
relations with him throughout the whole of the
deliberations of that body were close and inti-
mate—1 t-bink sufficiently so to give me an oppor-
tunity to decide upon his character, morally and
intellectually—and the estimate that 1 put upon
both was very high. As far as I am concerned,
these rumors which have been spread upon the
authority of this commission have not had the
slightest effect upon my mind; but a great many
people have thought, and still think, whatever
may be the opinion of the President, that General
Curtis has been guilty of some error at least,
whether designed or not is immaterial, with a view
to personal profit. I am satisfied that there is not
the slightest ground for the suspicion in point of
fact.
But I have another reason for wishing the pro-
ceedings of this commission to be sent to us. 1 !
think the officers who are charged with these
investigations, or the Secretary of War, or the
President, if they have had anything to do with
the manner in which these commissions have been
executed, should be told by the Senate—that may
possibly have an effect upon them in the future—
that the mode in which evidence has been taken
upon these occasions is exceedingly objectiona-
ble, and is calculated to do great injustice to in-
dividual citizens. Nine tenths of the evidence
that they take would "not be received in a court of
justice. Nine tenths of it is at least hearsay, and
the other tenth is altogether irrelevant. But not-
withstanding that, the effect upon the public mind
is very often to blast the character of very hon-
orable men, and, to the extent in which individual
character when blasted can affect the general rep-
utation of the country, to that extent the general
reputation of the country is affected.
I think, therefore, if we had the proceedings of
this commission before us, if the evidence has
been taken in that way, that these officers who
are sent on this particular duty would find, from
the expression of opinion on the part of the Sen-
ate, that that mode of conducting these investiga-
tions is not only not praiseworthy, but exceed-
ingly reprehensible.
Mr. WILSON. After the amendment that has
been moved by the Senator from Iowa, I shall
not resistthe passage of this resolution. 1 think,
however, as a general rule, that we ought not to
call for these reports of commissions that are sent
out to examine into alleged abuses. In a court-
martial the accused is heard, but in these investi-
§ations a man's name may be blasted, and the
enate may send it over the country, when in
fact the man is innocent, but has had no oppor-
tunity to be heard. Abuses are charged upon
certain officers. We have in the service about
thirty thousand officers. Representations are often
made at the War Department of bad conduct on
the part of officers. There is hardly a day passes
that I do not receive letters in regard to the con-
duct of certain officers or other persons employed
by the Government. I always send them to the
War Department, and they take such action as
they see fit.
It is well known that a great many investiga-
tions have been made and are being made, and
sometimes upon these representations officers aie
arrested and brought before courts-martial, where
all the facts aie disclosed. There is no reason
why those facts shall not go to the country. But
these preliminary examinations, that are in the
very nature of the case ex parte, ought not, with
the authority of the Senate, be spread over the
country, perhaps to the injury of the persons
against whom complaints have been made, and
siunctitnes there must be great injustice done if
those examinations are piinted and sent over the
country. As a general rule, then, I am opposed
to calling for and sending over the country such
statements, because they nuistdogreatinjustice to
men. Inmiscaseitis said that General Curtis.has
presented the (acts in his case. Whether other
persons against whom some evidence was taken
before this commission have done likewise, I do
not know; but with this amendment I shall not
oppose the adoption of the resolution.
Air. HARLAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order
Mr. POWELL. I hope the special order may
be passi d over informally. I think we can dis-
pose of this resolution in a minute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over informally, if there be no objection.
Mr. BROWN. If this debate is going to con-
tinue any length of time, 1 shall object.
Mr. WILSON and Mr. GRIMES. Let it go
over until to-morrow morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Being objected to,
it passes over until to-morrow, and the special
order is now before the Sentate, which is the un-
finished business of yesterday.
Mr. SUMNER. There was a special order for
to-day, on which, as I understood, the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Brown] had the floor
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is so, but that
has been superseded by the unfinished business
of yesterday, which takes precedence of the spe-
cial order.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate post-
pone all prior orders, and proceed to the consid-
eration of the special order, on which the Senator
from Missouri is entitled to the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on postponing Senate bill No. 145, to equalize
the pay of soldiers in the United States Army,
which is the business now before the Senate, un-
til to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that bill will not be
postponed until to-morrow. It can be passed over
informally, and let the Senate take up the other
special order. I should like to have that bill acted
on to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The course sug-
gested by the Senator from Massachusetts will
be pursued, if there be no objection. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday will be passed over
informally, and the Senate will proceed to the con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 41.
enlistments in the AKSIY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 41)
to promote enlistments in the Army of the United
States, and for other purposes, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment offered by Mr.
Brown to strike out the third section of the bill,
in the following words:
Src. 3. JUnd be it further enacted, Thatwlien any person
of African desccnt whose service or labor is claimed in any
State under the laws thereof sliall be mustered into tiie
nuhtaiy or naval seivice of the United States, he, liis
mother, and Ins wife and children, shall forever thereafter
be free, any law, usage, or custom whatsoever to tiie con-
trol y notwithstanding; and ail laws and parts of laws in-
consistent herewith are hereby repealed.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That the proclamation
of the Piesident of Januaiy i, 1863, deciaiing ail persons
held as slaves vvitlini certain designated States and paits
of States then in rebellion against the Government of the
United States to be thereafter Iree, he, and the same is here-
by, continued and made of full effect as- iaw ; and ail courts
ol justice aie reqiuied to lecogiuze the same, and ail per-
sons declared to be free by the said proclamation, or by ting
act or any subsequent act of Congress, shall be entitled to '
sue and be sued and give evidence in ail courts of justice
as other citizens.
Sue. —. Jind be it further enacted. That from and after
tiie passage of this act tiieie shall be neither slavery nor
involuntary servitude in any of tiie States or Territories
of the United States otherwise than in punishment for
crime whereof the paity shall have been duly convicted,
any law, usage, custom,*or claim to tiie contrary notwith-
standing; but all persons shall be held to be born free.
Mr.BROWN. Mr. President, that slavery yet
livelh the discussion which has attended every
measure introduced here trenching upon it suffi-
ciently attests. Neither dead nor willing to die,
but struggling for being by joint and ligature arid
tissue and nerve, that some center of future growth
may lurk under proviso or exception, its vitality
is upheld m this hour by appeal to the same con-
stitutionalisms and local countenance that will be
swift to maintain it hereafter if this epoch shall
pass without its utter extinction.
Under such conviction, and resolute to permit
no fit occasion for terminating its existence to go
unimproved, the sections just read have been of-
fered—sections assuring freedom not only, as set
forth in the original bill, to the mother or wife or
child of those colored soldiers who may venture
life in defense of your homes, for as yet they have
no homes; freedom not only to all those claimed
as slaves and heietofore resident in the districts
declared to be in lebeliion and embraced in the
proclamation of January 1, 1863; but freedom to
all those now held in bondage, without distinction
of State or Territory, throughout the whole land,
and as supreme law of this nation, enacted by
virtue of that power which resides in the Congress
of the United States to maintain the Government
and preserve the liberties of the people.
The question of authority in Congress to legis-
late on this subject carries with it the minor ones
of extent, expediency, and necessity; for its dis-
cretion is absolute, and not subject to revision.
Those who recognize the right,'therefore, to de-
clare the absolute fieedom of such as are claimed
for service by disloyal persons, or the freedom of
those taking up arms for the Government of the
United States, or the freedom of those escaping
within the lines of the Army, must concede the
full power to pass an act of abolition as a war
measure, or as a measure essential to the future
security of the country against war. For it will
not be fuund possible to establish any line of de-
markation, sustained by right, that shall apply to a
part and not to the whole, that shall regard them in
