2938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
business is, not that these communications shall
be addressed to the Committee of Ways and
Means, but to the official organ of this House,
the Speaker, to be read by the Clerk.
Mr. STEVENS. It has been the uniform prac-
tice since I have been here to send these matters
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BROOKS. " I beg the gentleman's pardon.
When 1 was a member of the Committee of Ways
and Means we never received any communica-
tions from the Departments asking for appropri-
ations except through the Speaker of the House,
and the reason was that when communications
reached the Speaker they were made matter of
record, while these communications which are
brought before the Ways and Means Committee
are not matters of record, and not hereafter to be
known in the public history of the country.
Mr.STEVENS. The gentlerpan will remem-
ber that that was in old times,"When he and I
were young men; but now we are old fogies.
Mr. BROOKS. Oh! for those old happy days
once more.
Mr. STEVENS. I should be happy if we could
go back. I would go back thirty years. If the
gentleman will consult the rules, he will there find
communications spoken of sent by the Depart-
ments to the committee.
Mr. BROOKS. I speak as an old fogy and as
an antiquarian of this House—as one who has
been about this House for thirty years—and I say
from observation and knowledge that in the bet-
ter days of the Republic appropriations intended
for private purposes—for contractors or individ-
uals—nevercame through the Committee ofWays
and Means; and in those days whenever the Sec-
retaries wished to carry appropriations, their let-
ters were addressed to the legitimate organ of this
House, the Speaker, and not to the chairman or
any other gentleman of the Ways and Means
Committee.
The result of a departure from the old practice
is that now m these latter days of the Republic
whenever an object cannot force Us way through
the legitimate channels of the House the Com-
mittee of Claims or the Committee on Expendi-
tures, or some other of the committees of this
House, it forms a combination or association by
which, linking' itself with other appropriations,
it works its way through the Ways and Means
in some bill they have to report.
Again, I find in this bill another private claim.
I do not know but that it is just and right; 1
am bound to presume it is, brchusc it is here. It
is an appropriation of 5*200,000 for Dr. Morton
for the discovery and introduction of the anaes-
thetic agent, and for its use in the Army and
Navy of the United States. What antecedent
law is there which entitles this claim to appear
in this appropriation bill? And to illustrate my
idea more explicitly, ( desire to say that the
Ways and Means Committee, in its legitimate
action, is but the clerk of the Tlouse to report ap-
propriations which are provided for by law, and
it has no right in the exercise of its powers to
wander off into other purposes whatever, unless
especially instructed. Its legitimate duty is but
to make a recoid of the result of law. It is but
to embody in appropriations the public statutes
and enactments, and when it goe? beyond that it
steps into a sphere most dangerous to the public
good, while if arrogates for itself substantially
the monopoly of the legislation'of this House
Sir, that committee has already too much of
the public business to transact without appro-
priating to itself any of these outside works. Its
.services are vast, Ms poweisarc vast, even when
legitimately exercised. And i avail myself of
tins oppoifunify to say that the committer ought
to be broken up into tlnee srpaiate divisions at
least—a committee on currency, a committee on
internal revenue, and a committee on the tantf.
The Ways and Means take the cleik-like duties
of reporting statute appropriations. Hut the
tendency of illegitimate action now is to absorb
all the othcrcommitfcccsof the House. The right
of the Ways and Means Committee at any time
and on any occasion to avail itself of the ptivilege
to report, absoibs the whole political and legis-
lative pruvpf of the Hons'-, and concentrates and
throw.-- it all into the hand? of that committee.
Heroin my honorable friend from Ma-jsaehusrtts
at, my right, [Mr. Alley,] who, as head of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, has
been seeking for an opportunity to report a bill
from that committee; and here are the heads of
other committees who have not had time to re-
port and to bring their legitimate business before
the House; so that in all probability the only
ways and means by which they can this session
effect their object is to hitch their measures to
some appropriation bill, or beg the Ways and
Means Committee to let them come within some
report from that committee.
I protest against this action in the House; I
protest against putting private claims into public
appropriation bills; and I protest against this
mode and manner of reporting a bill. In my
judgment a bill was actedupon this morning (the
gold bill)—I do not say through the Ways and
Means Committee, but under its influence and
authority—which would not have been sanctioned
by the sound sense of the House if it had had
opportunity to act freely upon it. But avail-
ing itself of the sanction of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and under its protection, the
bill has passed through by a party vote An a good
degree rallying'a large portion of that (the Re-
publican) side of the House, not all. The bill
could not have made any progress at all from any
other committee of the House, nor progress even
from that committee, if any debate had been
allowed upon the subject.
But before I sit down I beg leave once more to
refer to the original practice of the Republic in
those glorious halcyon days when purity reigned
through all the Departments of the Government,
and when private bills could not be forced into
appropriation bills by the Committee of Ways
and Means. Let us return to them, in our con-
giessiotm) action,as soon as possible. Thuforms,
the precedents, the principles of our fathers, in
their legislation, as well as in constitutional con-
struction, alone, alone can save the Republic.
And I tell the gentleman from Pennsylvania that
the sooner we cease to be old and become young
again as legislators, the less we go in advance of
the times, and the more we retrace our steps to
the steps of our forefathers, the more will poster-
ity revere our services, and the higher shall we
stand on the records of history.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Chairman, this bill seems
not to have been reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means, but to have been introduced by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] on
his own motion. The subject-matter of the bill
has been passed upon by the Committee of Ways
and Means, and that committee reported a bill
to the House. In regard to that bill the right to
raise questions of order pertinent to "the bill was
reserved. This bill having been introduced in
the manner in which it was, and referred to the
committee, no such leservation existed. Conse-
quently ail members who might desire to reach
any improper appropriations in the bill by a
question of order are deprived of that privilege.
For the purpose of going back to the bill reported
by the Committee ofWays and Means, embrac-
ing these same appropriations, and in order that
the House may avail itself of the right to raise
questions of order pertinent to the appropriations
reported in the bill, I move to strike out the enact-
ing clause.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion wilt Lako
precedence, of all motions to amend.
Mr. KENTON. Mr. Chan man, I had no
knowledge of the bill now before the House, in-
tioduced by the gentleman from Ohio, my col-
league on the Committee of the W ays and Means,
until this morning.
Mi. STEVENS. I rise to a question of order;
merely to ask whether, it that motion be nega-
tived by the House, it prevents any amendment
of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. It does.
Mr. W1LSON. To relieve the gentleman from
Pennsylvania of any doubt on that point I will
say that the motion will not be rejected, and that
the House can then reach the other bill by points
of oidcr, and amend it as the House may deem
proper.
Mr. STEVENS. The House will see the im-
propi mty and danger of this. There are some
ihin£s in tins hill which the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union would peihaps
not agree to; and yet we will be under the neces-
sity, if this motion ahall prevail in committee and
fail in the House, of taking the whole or nothing.
Mr. WILSON. It will not fail in the House.
Mr. DAWES. Can we not then take the other
bill?
. Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; this or none.
Mr. FJSNTON. I only wish to remark, Mr.
Chairman, that I desire that the benefit of the
points of order raised by the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holman] shall not be lost, for the
reason that I am opposed to some provisions of
the bill reported, and to which 1 think the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana was directed.
And I shall favor the motion of the gentleman
from Indiana if we do not, by its adoption, lose
the opportunity of amending the bill.
The question was taken on Mr. Wilson's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
So the cnacting clause was struck out.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the committee
now rise and report thp bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Morrill
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
House bill No. 506, making appropriations for
the civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1865, and had instructed him to
report back the same to the House, with a rec-
ommendation that the enacting clause be struck
out.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (II. R. No. 198) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30,1865, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 383) to incorporate the
Home for Friendless Women and Children; and
An act to empower the Superannuated Fund
Society of the Maryland Annual Conference to
hold property in the District of Columbia.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION" BILL—AGAIN.
The question being on striking out the enact-
ing clause of the civil appropriation bill,
Mr. STEVENS called for the yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. COX. I would like to ask the Chair what
will be the clfect of confirming that which the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
has done.
The SPEAKER. The effect will be the rejec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. COX. And what will be the effcct on the
bill if the House should refuse to strike out the
enacting clause ?
The SPEAKER. If the recommendation of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union bo not concurred in, it will, by the rule
adopted in 1860, be recommitted to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOLMAN. The adoption of the recom-
mendation of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union does not interfere at all with
the bill reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means before the House.
The SPEAKER. That bill is not now before
the House. It'only rejects ibis bill.
The question was taken on concurring in the
recommendation of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 73, nays G7, not voting 41;
as follows:
YR/VS—William J. Allerv. Alley,Ames, Aslilev,
John J). Baldwin, U'mum.i, iUair} lUmiweil, Bo>d, Brook«,
JijormiiilL Anilirnvf: W Cl.uk, Fireman (.Mai l;<\ Cobb, C'ot-
t'loth. Ci<-«weii, Thnma« T. I)a\i«, Dawes. JJaw«on, Dou-
nelK, t^eivicy, Jvien, iJilireiiuii, CUludi^e, Farns-
vv oi Hi, F i ai! Is, (Ian-oil, (J ai fit Id, (jroocli, ILii duly. Urn n lis-
ten, Clutlc- M. Ham-, Tlerneir, Highv, Holmun, HmHi-
ki--, A>ahi_l W Uubbaid, John If. Hubbard, Hutching,
Philip John.-on, Wilh.im John-on, Kalhtiei^ch. Fiancis VV.
KHlotry, Oi Undo Kernrui, Kmc, Knapp, Loan,
Loierynr, Samuel i\ iMiiin, William (1. Miller, Mooj-
head, Daniel Mont-, Jam<'s H. Moni-, Moimmmi, Odell,
John O'Neill. J'ike, Price, Radford, J'dm H. Rice, Itolnri-
f-ou, Scott. Smith''!.--, Spalding, John B. Steele, William (J.
Steele. Snip-. Thayer, Cp^on, William*, and Wilson—73.
NAYS—Jamc- C Allen. Alfison, Ancona, An-
doi-on, I >'ui\. A up i! -mi - <\ Baldwin B.ixtei, Biaim , Blow,
Biaiidc ee, .lame- S ii> u\\ u, ilinc, r-ix. ('i fiven>. Deuison,
l)i\on. I'lli>i. Ffiston, Ciuck, ("Jridi-r, Gu-wold,
Hale, lluh'iiiil. Iuii.'i-oll. .1 ciu'kev K« lh'\. l,a\v, Jazeai,
Lc Blond. Malloty, Matey, Marvin, McDowell. Mom!!,
Anio.s Noiton. Ohailr* O'AVill, Oiih, i'auenon,
i'endletoii. Fcrlnm, Samuel J. ilcindalL Aicxandei R. luce.
Kogcra, ll6os, Seiicnek, fccoheld, Shannon. Sloan, Steven.*,
