960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
truths of freedom and fraternity are welling up
from their deep foundations away below the de-
facements of men. It is a revolution full of prom-
ise. What if its inceptions were of the feeblest?
What if the small threads of its gathering can
only be traced or identified by that most micro-
scopic of all glasses, personal vanity? The ori-
gin was. The movement came from us and of
us, asserting itself in divers ways, but chief of all
in the overthrow of slavery ethics, increasing in
volume as people became aroused to the peril of
national courses, possessing itself first of prisons
and then of pulpits and then of platforms, becom-
ing at length the embodied national will—an as-
sured revolution. And in the great transition
from the old to the new, let all friends of freedom
realize the entire truth and accept a full respons-
ibility by acknowledging now, as we shall be
proud to acknowledge hereafter, that in this flow-
ing on we are the movement, in this going for-
ward we are the progression, in all this change
and alteration and accomplishment we are the
revolution.
The receiving such a comprehension of our
present convulsions is important far beyond the
niceties of language, going as it does straightway
to consult the elements thatare at work, and pre-
paring us in advance for a celerity of events and
a larger scope of transition not possible' under
other social condition. And whither does it all
tend, this rush of action, this displacement of
ideas, these swift affiliations? It would be only
the part of presumption—a foolish presumption
in the highest wisdom—to claim a foreknowledge
of such in its entirety and orbed completion; but
yet the humblest of those who with earnest en-
deavor shall seek to know what manifestations
there arc of things to come will not labor alto-
gether in vain. There are striking indications
that point out, if they do not determine, the ending.
There are vaguely outlined groupings that shape
themselves into more definite forms as they are
scrutinized. Especially are there three great cen-
tral ideas, raying forth into the darkness of the
future their broad beams of light, and illuminat-
ing the paths that are to be trodden by this people
in their " marching 011"—three impending neces-
sities as it were, distinct yet related, which may
be 3Ct forth as, first, a realization and establish-
ment in truth and not merely in name of absolute
freedom policies throughout the whole land; sec-
ond, the building up from its sure foundations of
a nationality that shall represent the aspirations
of the whole people for a democratic unity; and,
third, the conforming of our Government, in its
administration as in its recognitions, to those
divine truths that go to constitute and inspire a
devout Christian State holding itself "as ever in
the great Taskmaster's eye."'
I. Let us consider the first of these necessities.
What arc the requirements at our hands that we
may be true to that behest? If the end in view be
conceded, is there any latitude of choice as to the
means, any room for experiments touching lib-
erties?
Without doubt the abolition of slavery through-
out all the States of this Union by general statute
such as now proposed must be the initial measure
to any freedom policies reposing on national au-
thority as their guarantee; for until the slave code
shall be thus canceled in fact no constitutional
amendment covering that ground will ever be had.
It must be confessed, moreover, that even such en-
actment will not complete the establishment of pop-
ular liberties over all the territory where it is re-
ceived as law. It will end and determine the form
—the name, and pledge the national power to main-
tain the act, but somewhat more, and after that
becomes imperative to do away with the sub-
stance. Has it not been a favorite taunt of the
oligarchs that there was white slavery as well as
black slavery? And there was truth in the asser-
tion. Indeed, acute minds have not been wanting
to convert the fact into an argument, and defend
the enslavement of the African by direct force he-
cause of the alleged enslavement through social dis-
tortions of the Scandinavian or the Celt. While
such reasoning is false and sinister, yet it will not
be controverted that many of the worst features
of slavery may exist where the badge itself does
not obtain. Will any one affirm that Connecti-
cut, which exhibits such intolerance of the for-
eign born, or that Illinois, which is disgraced with
a black code revolting to all sense of justice, can
claim to be regarded free States? With equal truth
may it be said also that much of the white popu-
lation of Europe in densely crowded districts,
where an inexorable ledger, with its profit and loss
account, rules the hour, come under conditions
that render them intrinsically enslaved, while, to
a still greater extent, the nominally free white
population of the largely slave-breeding and slave-
tiold ing sections of our own country have all along
been reduced to a dependence for which even the
name of liberty could not atone. An enlarged
policy of freedom, such as that now asserting itself
throughout this land, will not fail to take note of
such phantasms, such simulations, such diseased
condition, and while striking at slavery in name
and estate, will see to it that it will be the reality
and not the image that goes down. Especially,
therefore, docs it devolve on those who control
to take heed, having proclaimed a free society as
the type of the future, so to order regeneration,
and so to foster new growths, and so to adjust the
relations of conquered States, internal as well as
external, that slavery shall no longer ben synonym
of labor, and labor no longer the equivalent of sla-
very. It would be folly, abjectest recreancy, an
utter perversion of the holy uses of the blood and
treasure of the nation so lavishly poured out, to
act otherwise, to do aught less than this.
And here let it be reflected that they who are
so swift to put back the old forms in the old places
simply to bring about the old relations to the na-
tional Government, either have no conception of
the conditions and environment with which sla-
very maintains itself, or else they are false to the
principle and the faith to compass selfish ends,
unless this freedom work be well done it will not
be done at all, for slavery will return to power
along with the masters. It will have no difficulty
to find names under which to mask itself, or poli-
ticians to pay court to it, or money-lenders to buy
it an amnesty. Take the illustration afforded of
this fact in Missouri, and sec how tragic has been
the anti-slavery struggle there, even with a large
majority of the people pledged to freedom. The
State stands to-day resold into slavery for another
year to accomplish a political negotiation. The
misrule of the past, the sway of unsympathizing
generals, the upholding of a pro-slavery State or-
ganization, the persecution of the loyal element,
and the arming of the disloyal element, find a nat-
ural outgrowth in a miserable bargain to postpone
a constitutional convention, concoct an alliance
between official power and reactionary sentiment,
and enunciate a bogus presidential preference.
What, then, is the problem with which dealing
must be had in this essential work of making solid
the national policies in the sections occupied, and
to be occupied, by our arms? The organisms of
pence must flow out of the rights of war, and in
so far forth the national authority is disembar-
rassed in its operations by restraints that might
intervene in ordinary times.
Four million whites and three million blacks
will represent with sufficient accuracy the entire
population, a population intermixed and dwelling
together heretofore under laws declaring the blacks
a servile laboring class, and conditions that ren-
der two thirds of the whites a dependent, helpless
class, the land all held by a few thousand owners,
who claimed to be a ruling class socially, morally,
and politically. War, ns has been said, has loos-
ened all the joints of that structure. Rights of
property forfeited, estates abandoned by rebel
whites and held by loyal blacks, distinction of
classcs broken down in the destruction of all so-
ciety, laws of vassalage suspended by the proc-
lamations of freedom and the conscription of ar-
mies, it remains only to impose, under protection
of a military arm, a new civilization that shall
accord with the life of ourRepublic, and thatshall
carry along with itguarantees against any revival
of the old state whose outcome wassomuchofdis-
astcr. Codes to secure the liberties of all under
the law are therefore antecedentnecessities, codes
that must be ratified and come up fiom below as
well as codes that must be enacted and come down
from above—the double affirmance of the new at-
titude of freedom by local and Federal authority,
a joint initiative of support and protection. It
has been the boast of some that the courts can make
Iaws> by interpretation. Hence, nothing that can
contribute to foreclose any latitude of construc-
tion in this behalf should be omitted. A triple
wall of accomplished facts, of statutes that reflect
things done, of codes that embody completions,
of constitutions reconstituted, must be built up
around an immured judiciary. J n any reentry on
political life it must be paramount and primary
that such oiganic recognition of freedom as the
highest law shall precede all other exercise of
civil functions, must precede it as the only suffi-
cient assurance that the law of the locality is
in accord with the law of the nation. Hence
the duty imposed here and now, botn to declare
such as the universal public law of this land and
to require that it be declared likewise in advance
as the constitutional basis of any of those socie-
ties heretofore or now in revolt. There must be
an asylum for questioned liberty opened in every
tribunal and under every commission, whether
Federal or State, that shall sit in judgment or
wield power.
The preliminary step, moreover, in any political
reassertion of the State, and any reorganization
of its social forms, must be in the nature of a
primary convention; otherwise the hope or fear
of reaction always intervenes to demoralize pro-
visional government. The question of freedom
is in reality, however denied m proclamation, re-
mitted from its attitude of being an achieved mil-
itary result, to become the sport of parties and
factions and intrigues—worn as a cloak by the
side most ambitious of office while leaning to sla-
very, openly and earnestly demanded by unself-
ish advocates, who care not for the spoils of the
conflict. In this unequal strife freedom suffers,
and the mockery of freedom too often triumphs.
The lukewarm, the insincere, the hostile become'
the guardians of the incipient regeneration, and
if they do not blast all its hope, it will only be
because, born of timidity, they prefer to compro-
mise with inaction rather than risk a conflict.
Any policy of administration, therefore, which
shall conduce to this latter result will be in sub-
stance a reaction, and hostile to the maintenance
of freedom policies in the slave States. It matters
not under what title or what auspices it may be
inaugurated, its results will be speedily seen in
official and political manipulation, in an enginery
set at work to accomplish selfish ends rather than
the true work of emancipation from the usages
as well as laws of slavery. Take, however, the
initiative of freedom as a result predetermined,
organize a constitutional convention to conform
organic law to that attitude, exclude parties from
constructing themselves on any doubts of that
consummation, and there will be little inducement
subsequently to its questioning if upheld by wise
national dealings in its furtherance and support.
Thus, of all this inorganic mass of population
to be reorganized, nearly half will stand pledged
to loyalty by virtue of emancipation. Of the
residue, those loyal at the outset, and others grad-
ually lapsing into loyalty as thfiy recognize the
interests of labor to be coincident with the estab-
lishment of freedom, multitudes of the former
non-slaveholdirig people will become reliable ele-
ments of a new growth and anew socialism under
such political readjustment as has just been recited.
In th)3 adaptation, however, four million labor-
ers must be guarantied not merely the abstract
title and name of freedmen, but its substance in
the shape of military organization and the right
of homesteads upon abandoned estates. Confis-
cation must do its work toward reorganization.
The land all held in mortmain, as it were, entailed
upon slavery, what but slavery can ensue ? The
condidonsofsuch ownership foreordain such ser-
vitudes as is evidenced by the peonage of Mexico
or the vassalage just abolished in Russia. De-
pnved of homes, yet granted liberties, what can
you hope but that three million freedmen will
fall under disorderly conditions if you open no
avenue to permanent and prosperous settlement?
The policy of small freeholds must be initiated
to enable freedom to maintain itself. Slavery
in its artificial development at the South mo-
nopolized the land, and thus left 110 stand-point
from which to challenge its existence. You must
undo its work. This is necessary, because it is
upon thesubdivision of lands, the small freeholds,
the multiplied homesteads, that the supports of re-
ligion and education, the church and the school-
house, must hereafter rest. It is idle, nay, it is
criminal to halt in taking this step under the plea
that itmay. work destitution to the few. You have
already millions of the destitute to provide for,
and this is your only present resource. Is notthe
