1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
landed property of the rebels already confiscate
by refusal to pay any tax to the support of this
war? Shall the plantations of the slave masters
alone have immunity and exemption when the
homeof every loyal workman is laid under contri-
bution ? Destitution is a hard word, but when sla-
very went to war it put its estates at the venture;
and the abolition of slavery carries with it the
overthrow of that monopoly on which it reposed
and grew strong. How long would it take the
slave power to resume its sway in Louisiana if to-
day reinstated in the control of abandoned plant-
ations where the freedmen are yet held in bond-
age under a military provost marshal system;
where they are penned up and excluded from the
light of knowledge, or association, or converse;
where it is difficult to detect any change of con-
dition, only a change of owners? Does the mas-
ter's dole, in the shape of wages, with none of the
perquisites of free action or free migration, con-
stitute a policy on which you dare to repose the
future of freedom at the South ? All this is but
a counterfeit freedom, reaction i« disguise, in that
worst of all disguises, a military disguise. It is
reaction so organized as to require but amnesty to
make it slavery.
Codes and confiscations and commerce all are
marching in the rear of our armies demanding to
be set up in authority to restore what has been de-
stroyed, and make new bases for other advances.
The eagerness with which trade rushes forward
to supply wants, renew distributions, gather in
agencies, and make sale of estates, crops, luxu-
ries, titles, franchises, claims, goes to show how
much it is needed as precursor, not as afterthought
of reorganization. Trade, the great leveler and
builder, the colonizer ofempives and the pioneer of
civilization, needs encouragements there, and not
restrictions. The cordon of non-intercourse should
be along your military front. Behind your Army
lines it should be free a"s the winds, to carry for-
ward rapidly the elements of new population or
enterprise and to knit together by other interests
and ties the torn relations of labor to capital. The
blockades of the ocean have no place on the land,
for the sea has no tenementSj but conquered ter-
ritory you wish to make your own. Is it not true
that in Tennessee, Mississippi, and Arkansas the
only points that give sign of a saving vitality are
those where, in defiance of paper edicts, commerce
has forced an establishment? What, then, may
not be hoped from entire abrogation of all such
embargo? To-day the free men who have sought
your permits would have repeopled up to the lines
of occupation if invited and protected and fos-
tered and armed and domiciled. Traffic would
have given hand to production; redistribution
would have confirmed industry; labor would have
prevented scarcity; the needs of self-defense would
have supplied military organization; and thus in-
cipient communities sprung out of freedom and
loyalty would have been preparing to renew the
State. The policy of setting up a Chinese wall of
exclusion under the name of regulation, that shall
parcel out to speculation the dealings and growths
and regenerations of recovered territory, is one cal-
culated to postpone rather than hasten the end, to
reserve the lands for the reoccupation of the men
of the rebellion, and the avocations and employ-
ments of interchange for the control of a revived
hostile sentiment. Such precarious chances make
the most desperate and avaricious the forerun-
ners of your social adjustment, rather than those
moved by legitimateand patriotic impulses. This
is an unwise and fatal system. In fact, in the very
light of its failure you read the way to success.
The regeneration of the slaveholding sections
demanded by this revolution, which bears onward
a free people to a free future, as lias been remarked,
must be thorough and substantial, not a make- 1
shift, a eheatery, or a sham. Nothing other or |
less will answer the demand. Rebuilding of the
political structure, too, must proceed under the '
guardianship of congenial national authority j
through authentic law and its safeguards, and not !
pell-mell under the auspices of amnesty procla- !
mations. The invitation back in such hurried !
wise of the slave masters to their old estate in the j
body-politic if they will only swear fealty to the !
future decisions of a Supreme Court, is to give j
them present control of whatsoever loyal popu- j
lation may have shown itself, upon contingencies j
of an oath they have been swift to violate hereto- ;
fore. Restored to favor they will next ask to be I
armed; and once armed they will, by militia sys-
tems, seek to disarm those who have opposed
them, and hostilities will become chronic and ex-
asperating. No better illustration of the results
of such conservative policy can be cited than that
afforded in my own State. More than a year ago
an officer was detailed there to gather up th*e evi-
dences of subsequent disloyalty on the part of
those who had availed themselves of amnesty un-
der the cheap process of bond and oath. In a
brief time he gathered more than three million
dollars of forfeited bonds, and asked permission
to proceed upon them. It is scarcely necessary
to add that the authority was refused, the officer
remanded to his regiment in the field, and a new
amnesty invites back the same rebel oath-takers
to resume their political rights and assist to rule
over us.
Restassured it is not such sinister courses, such
shirking of responsibility, such balancing be-
tween loyalty and disloyalty, that can be tolerated,
either in theory or in practice, in speech or in ad-
ministration, if we seek success in this war, and
success commensurate with its cost. The policies
of freedom are blended inseparably with the poli-
cies of war, and irresolution or untruthfulness in
the one is sure to cause defeats and reverses in
the other. Thus if the Government, false to its
mission, simply enters upon the mastery and con-
trol of the slave population in the stead of their
original claimants; if, ignoring true, substantial
libertyin the freedmen, it shall bind them over
under a provost marshalship, as rigid in its con-
trol as the slave code; if, refusing to confiscate
abandoned plantations, it shall merely retain them
or relet them under a transient lease, while the
labor of whole sections is without homesteads to
attach them to new modes of life and industry;
if it shall persist in excluding by trade regulations
the loyal migrations of the free States eager to
enter upon settlement or traffic or production or
creating wealth in its varied shapes; if it shall
persist in inviting back to resume arms and fran-
chises and ownerships and social control those
in sympathy with the rebellion, with no better
securities against reactions and subjugations of
loyalty, and reenslavement under new names,
than it had against rebellion in the first instance,
what but military failure can ensue? Armies
thrown back have no supports, long lines of com-
munication are exposed to danger with none to
give notice of its approach, and each campaign
has in addition to the exigencies of active service
to people with its armies all the conquests gone
before. Another result of such policies is that it
will rapidly place in antagonism to all such ad-
ministration those of the population whose loy-
alty is most signalized by their devotion to free-
dom. They will detect the counterfeit promptly,
and will see their own doom written in its success.
They will understand that such a reconstruction,
such a placing of the court cards on top again,
may be very conservative to all seeming, very
generous to rebels, but is death to loyal citizens.
They will know that such freedom means slavecy
under new conditions and names, and that when
Federal authority is withdrawn no consideration
will be extended to them. The result will be to
bring the administration of the Government into
mine or less affiliation with the enemies of free-
dom and progress, and to prepare the way for
compromises with^rebellion. But the thought of
this people—that thought which is enshrined in
their progress—will bear with no such outcome.
The future of this Republic will never be per-
mitted to repose on the oaths of those who have
already violated the most sacred compacts. On
the contrary, the ending must be a conquest, not
a compromise. The policies of freedom must
be ingrained into the new life of the heretofore
enslaved sections by methods as deliberate as they
are to be irresistible; with a warm sympathy, an
unrelaxed vigor, and a decision that knows 110
faltering.
II. The second marked characteristic in the
great progress which is swelling forward, over- ;
turning old modes of thought, conscripting coil- |
stitutions, and remodeling the functions of gov- i
ernment, is an enkindled nationality. Out of;
the very burning and fire-froth of sectionalism !
springs the ideal of a true nation. The supreme ;
democracy, which has been smothered so long j
under names and parties and cunning issues, has j
in these disturbed times recognized itself, and de- I
mands as its exponent a political form coexten-
sive with the country and imperial as itself. It
does not need to tread back into the old exploded
days to tell how unutterably the slave system that
stained our name and wrecked our Federal-unity^
has ever held in dread the undefiled democratic
principle; how it has sought under a like nomen-
clature to palm off something other in its stead";
how it has labored to divertitintootherchannelsoF
foreign conquest rather than home assertion; how
it has manacled it with chains of local organiza-
tion and demoralized it with the spoils of'office.
The recorded debates of this Senate will show far
back how such fear ever haunted those leaders
who have now taken a last appeal from democ-
racy to war. At the point where rebellion began
they recognized perfectly that if they were to pre-
serve intact the slave system from being obliter-
ated by the progress of a plebeian public will, it
must be done by resort to violence and terror.
They chose that resort deliberately, not foolishly,
and have stood to it with conviction and courage.
It was the irrepressible conflict. And the antag-
onism is manifest now in the throes of an unpar-
alleled struggle still more than in the plastic days
of peace; for with them development has shaped
their slavery into confederate despotism, while
here revolution uprises into nationality. The
latent sympathy of this American people, the feel-
ing of brotherhood, the need of unity, at length
demands and will have clear, emphatic type as a
nation. What other is the meaning of this so
rapid resumption of sovereign right in all depart-
ments of the Government? Drawing a sustenance
no longer from the customs but from the firesides,
substituting national paper-credits for all other
currencies, levying armies directly by conscrip-
tions, not remotely by contingents, organizing
vast industries, mortgaging the next age to its
debt, and enforcing its law as highest law even in
matters of personal liberty—these arc but as outer
garments of an inner form already instinct with
life. Nor is this a completion. So much has
been realized, while in the future still more im-
pends. The industrial relations of reconquered
territories, inauguration of maicstic commercial
ways, settlements affecting multitudes of people,
and vast undeveloped wealth, are in its hands.
Again, consider the changed relations of'hert1
tofore self-styled sovereign States. Much has
been said during the shadowingforth of this new
phase of ou r political life of tire "suicide'of States,"
and in groping down into the rubbish of the time
it has been deemed needful to affix names and hy-
potheses to ascertained results. But whatneeds?
That no authority has been asked or resistance
heeded from any State in enforcing national poli- -
cies is literally true, and that such enforcement is
inconsistent with any recognized vitality in Slate
organization other than a strictly subordinate one
none will controvert. Call it, then, suicide or
subordination, the implication is the same. In-
deed, it is realized on every side that what was
heretofore held up as "State," with assumption
of a coequal or antagonistic control as such, is
gone down in the mighty tread of this people
marching on to deliverance. Commonwealths
may exist, may be revived, may do functional
work, may cooperate in subordinate orbits, but
their so-called sovereignty assuredly is suicided.
State sovereignty, the leash sought to be put on
the democracy of the nation; State sovereignty,
the banner of the oligarchs in their war on free-
dom; State sovereignty, the archetype of disunion
and disintegration, has become a my th and a fable,
and in the stead of its many idols there shines
forth the one splendor and power of a national
sovereignty foreordained to conquest. Such is
the outgrowth. Substantially it is the expression
in advance of that which is to follow in due time
by its appointed courses—the continental re-
public. It is the highest type of nationality,
bounded by no fixed frontier of impassable pre-
judice, but representative of whoever may assim-
ilate under its standard; for while European rulers
are seeking to bolster themselves with nativeisms,
and to render synonymous nationalities and races,
it is ours to assert the larger and truer nationality
of free principles and free men. Nor does this
connect simply with geographical progress or en-
danger compactness of guidance and control; for
as its birth is from the people, so will it reflect
their positioning. Democracy is its parent—de-
mocracy that asserts and recognizes itself again
