1964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
the margin so different, from figure 3 down, from
that of the part above; from 3 down inclining
gradually to the left and the other somewhat to
-the right? Why -a space after the 3, giving ample
-room for inserting a cipher? Why same space
-after 2 in ime- for champagne? Why, but that
figures could be inserted and 8c'regular margin
made, as now appears in the order that has been
published ? An inspection of the photographic or-
der omitting the alleged'forgeries will remove all
doubts, No one can doubt that Captain Joel either
swore falsely-or carefully wrote the order that
the forgeries might be perpetrated. And as " the
general-member" [Mr. Blair] said, " He could
congratulate himself that the photographic art was
applied to detecting criminals," I would suggest
that he have the photograph of the order, as sworn
to have been made by this witness, placed in the
" rogues' galleries," with his quartermaster's
likeness as executing it, and his own looking on
complacently and approvingly. And here 1 leave
them, in their disgrace, to themselves, their God,
this House, and an intelligent public.
But before I take my seat I desire to read a
letter. It may still be contended by some that the
anonymous letters read by " the military mem-
ber" [Mr. Blair] have some force when used
against.the Secretary of the Treasury, I there-
fore desire to close by reading the following:
Camp Third Rkgiment Missouri Infantry Vot.s.,
WoogviLLE, Alabama, April 6, 1864.
Sir: Permit us to make to you a statement which nmy,
probably, draw some light upon the whisky-speculation
casft of General Clair, now before the fiou&e committee.
While onr regiment was encamped at Young's Point, Lou-
isiana, (opposite Vicksbutj*,) in the spring of 18(33, wo were
in the habit of frequently visaing the sutler's establishment
of the thirtieth Missouu infantry regiment, then belonging
to General Blair's brigade. The sutler always kept a fine
stock of ale, wines, liquors', and can fiuits, which he was
selling to officers and men. To out great mu prise we found
that boxes containing the above mentioned articles were
marked "General F. P. Blair," and it greatly astonished
us to see that the sutler sold such at tides as were walked
as above stated. It is not our wMi to accuse Geneial
Blair and blame him for this transaction, as he may not
have had anything to do with it, hut there must have been
come swindle in home quarter, and it may be interesting
for you to know it. At the same time we do not wihh that
tilts note be published, a?> It may injure u>, hut should you
think our evidence desirable in the investigation of the
liquor cai,e, we declare our willingness to give itcheei fully,
and so coiitubute anything that may enlighten tin- subject.
We have the honor to ieniam,Mr, very leypectfullv, jour
obedient servants,  j
Lieutenant Third regiment Missouri infantru^
Thtirdbrigade, First division, Fifteenth Army corps.
First Lieutenant Third Missouri volunteer infantiy.
lion *3. W. McClurg, of MUwuii.
This letter was unexpected, unsolicited, and the
authors are peisonally unknown to me. i would
merely suggest that it may be an excusable of-
fense " to suspect" that an individual who seems
to have been engaged in one dishonorable transac-
tion in the spring, may have been so engaged in
another in the summer.
Here I leave this subject, with " suspicion" in
my mind confirmed of guilt resting upon an in-
dividual who it seems to begin to appear, was
only «;is<?iu/fl-member.
Mr. HIGBY. I did not intend when [ moved
this morning to have this evidence printed with
the report to say anylhing at this time, neither
did I expect thatany one else would. I supposed
after the printing of the evidence that I would be
allowed to rise to a question of privilege to vin-
dicate myself from the position, rather a false one,
in which 1 was placed on Saturday last as chair-
man of the committee by the gentleman against
whom the charges were made. That was the
only part I intended to take in this matter.
INCREASE^ PAY TO SOLDIKKS.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman fmm
California permit me, as the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affaus, to occupy the attention
of the House for a moment in oider to report a
bill increasing the pay of soldiers, and have it
pi mted ?
Mr. IHGBY. I yu Id for that purpose.
TheSPEAKER. The Committee on Military
Affairs have a right to report the bill back at any
time.
Air. SCIIENCK. Then I teport back from the
Committee on Military Affairs bill of the Senate
JNro. 115, to equalize the pay ofsoldiers in the Uni-
ted Sutes Aim}', and i move that it be printed
and recommitted to ihe Cuinnuiteo on Military
Affairs. I propose to call the bill up for action as
soon as it shall be printed; if possible to-morrow.
Mr. HOLMAN. f suggest to the gentleman
that the bill be made the special order for some
early day, say Monday or Tuesday next.
Mr. SCHENCK. I should be glad if that could
be done by genera! consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. Say Tuesday next, after the
morning hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. There are a great many spe-
cial orders now.
The SPEAKER. The business of the House
is so blocked up now with special orders and post-
ponements that a special order made to-day for
to-morrow or Monday or Tuesday next would
not be reached for some time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there a special order for
Tuesday ?
The SPEAKER. The special orders already
on the docket will consume a great deal of time.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 move, then, that the bill
be recommitted and ordered to be printed. I will
then enter a motion to reconsider the vote to re-
commit, and I can call up that motion to recon-
sider at any time, when I suppose the question
will be before the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. Cannot we do it more effect-
ually by authorizing the committee to report at
any time?
Mr. SCHENCK. Will that give the House
an opportunity to consider the bill when it shall
be reported back?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is all I want.
The SPEAKER. Then if there be no objec-
tion the bill will be ordered to be printed and re-
committed to the Committee on Military Affairs,
with authority to report it back at any time.
No objection was made; and it was so ordered.
INTKKNAL KJSV13NUJS BILL ItECORDING VOTES.
Mr. KNAPP. I ask leave to record my vote
on the passage of the internal revenue bill.
No objection was made.
Mr. KNAPP. I vote "no."
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I ask the same
privilege.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 have objected to anybody
recording his vote.
The SPEAKER. That objection does not ap-
ply to the present time. The gentleman from Il-
linois [Mr. Knapp] has just obtained consent to
record his vote.
Mr. VOORHEES. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania allowed the gentleman from fllmois to
record his vote, and I hope now he will accord
the same piivilege to others.
Mr. STEVENS. Theie are agreat many gen-
tlemen upon this side of the House who want to
vote, but 1 cannot agree to it, for I think they
ought to have been here.
Mr. HIGBY. 1 leain that I have acted under
a misunderstanding of the lules of the House,
not being familiar with them, and that if final ac-
tion should be taken on the question of printing
the testimony now, I would not have an oppor-
tunity when the evidence is printed of submitting
the few lemarks I desire to make. I could have
made them in much less time if 1 had had the
printed testimony before me; but as I cannot have
an opportunity then, I must say what I have to
say now.
Mr. VOORHEES. With the permission of
the gentleman, 1 desire to state to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] that there
will be no objection to his recording his vote on
the tax bill, which I find is not recorded, if he
will allow gentlemen on this side of the House
the same privilege.
Mr. STEVENS. I voted. I do not know
whether my vote is recorded or not.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not ic-
corded.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, sir,I voted. [Laughter.]
Mr. VOORHEES. I must object to his voting
at tins time, lie may have the Jourgal corrected
if he will allow me to vote.
The SPEAKER. It is too late to correct the
Journal now, the Journal of yesterday having
been read and approved.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 care nothing about it. I
was not in my own seat, but 1 was in the House
and voted, if my vote is not recorded, I care
nothing about it.
The SPEAKER. The vote of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is not recorded on the Jour-
nal, nor is it in the papers of this morning.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 voted very distinctly.
"Mr. VOORHEES. 1 simply wished to do the
gentleman a kindness, that he might be on the
record on his own bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I was not in my own seat,
but I was sitting yonder opposite the Clerk's desk,
and voted atthe tyne. But I care nothing about
it. If my vote is not recorded, I cannot help it.
Mr. VOORHEES. I made the suggestion in
the kindest spirit. I thought there might be
some misundertanding in the public mind from
his name not appearing on the record in support
of the Government.
Mr. GARFIELD. Scores of men heard the
gentleman fiom Pennsylvania vote.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania moved to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was passed; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; and *the
Chair therefore supposed he had voted.
Mr. STEVENS. I did vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no doubt of
what the gentleman states, and if the Journal
had not been approved, the Chair would have
ordered the correction to be made.
Mr. STEVENS. I care nothingabout it. 1 do
notask to have my name recorded on the Journal.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 think my colleague should
be allowed to record his name on that vote.
Mr. VOORHEES. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania if it was not with a good deal of
reluctance that he voted for the bill?
Mr. STEVENS. It had become so mangled
that i almost wished I had been a Locofoco to
enable me to vote against it. [Laughter,]
Mr. VOORHEES. Veiygood. That is all 1
want.
CHARGES AGAINST A MEMBER.
Mr. HIGBY. I shall occupy but a few min-
utes' time, and then I shall move the previous
question, and I hope that that will close up the
Missouri controversy in this House and that
we will hear no more of it. I do not know that
any one has become surfeited, almost to disgust,
more than I myself, because a local questnm and
not a national one. Had the gentleman fmm
Missouri [Mr. Blair] confined himself, in his
remarks on Saturday, exclusively to what was
reported by the committee, I should not have
taken the opportunity to say anything on the
question one way or the other. In what 1 have
to say I shall confine myself entirely to my du-
ties as a member of that committee, and to the
final action in that repoit.
The question was raised in regard to the sub-
ject on which the committee should make its final
report. The'members of this House have alieady
learned that in a large part of the repoit the whole "
committee a^reo, but that there was something
appended to its conclusion on which no two mem-
bers of the committee agreed. It will be recol-
lected that the chairman came to the conclusion
from the evidence that certain charges made by
the honorable gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Bi.air,] in his reply to the charges made against
him, had not been sustained by the evidence? The
gentleman from Missouri denied that the order
icfcrred to was genuine. . The committee sus-
tains that declaration. The report exculpatcs
him from being engaged in liquor speculations.
Rutin connection with the gentleman's reply
he made charges of a character which the people
would probably like to know something about.
Much evidence was introduced in regard to those
charges which he made. I call the attention of
members of the House to what took place at the
time the resolution was introduced by the mem-
ber from Missouri who asked for a committee of
investigation. It will be borne in mmd that the
distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] rose and asked that the resolution be
amended. If the amendment had been substi-
tuted m place of the original, it would have con-
fined the duties of the committee to the simple
business of ascertaining whether the order referred
to was genuine or was forged. That would have
been the whole business of the committee, and
would have been all accomplished in three hours'
work. Let me read the resolution as introduced
in the first instance:
4i That a select committee of three mcmbei.-:bc yp(>.,mleU
