1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that the obsolete type of Church and State will
be revived in our Republic, not that formalisms
of creed and ritual shall be enacted or set up
in the stead of departed convictions, but some-
thing more and other than all this, in the repudia-
tion of those falsities that are the parlance of cab-
inets and the resorts of administration, in the
absolute leception and enforcement of that im-
partial justice and brotherhood which makes the
true social state, and in the elevation to control
and authority in the nation of the same moralities
and Christianized public thought, which is ever
the highest and last appeal among the consciences
of men.
Mr. President, it has been endeavored by the
foregoing analysis to set forth the three distinct-
ive features which characterize the movement
and the time wherein we are called to act or to
suffer. If the views which have been advanced
be true, if the requirements of faith, and freedom,
and nationality be not exaggerated, then it is
equally true that no time should be lost in con-
summating legislation here that shall directly con-
form to the end at which we must arrive if we are
not to perish utterly. We may notrightfully put
off for accomplishment three years hence that
which beckons as the duty of the hour. Direct
dealing with the wrongs ofthis land must be had by
the nation \s Congress, regardless of the traditions
of local jurisdiction and with absolute shakingoff
of the foul heathenism of property in man. Under
the system of biennial Legislatures, amid the
chances of political opposition, in face of disor-
ganized States, a period equal to that during which
the war has already existed would have to trans-
pire before you could perfect freedom by any
constitutional amendment. The assent of three
fourthsof the States cannot be sooner had. But
the emergency is pressing; the benefit of such in-
vigoration is needed now. Nor is there any other
reliance. Senators declare here daily in confer-
ence an unwillingness to trust this question to the
manipulations of a discordant Cabinet or an in-
decisive Executive—an Administration dragged
into freedom policies and never there throughout-
spoken conviction. Why hesitate then to act?
You cannot doubt the future. It is unwarranted
moreover to assume that such enactment will be
frustrated by hostile decisions hereafter. The Su-
preme Court will do in the future, restassured, as
it has done in the past—will conform to accom-
plished facts and a clearly delivered public will
that shall make immediate ending of slave sys-
tems. It is only halting policies here that can
justify it in further equivocation, or tempt it to
Orave annihilation by decreeing that scarce con-
ceivable outrage of the reenslavement of four mil-
lion human beings.
But if there is one conclusion more worthy than
another to be deduced from a review of the forces
that surround us and the needs that impend over
us, it is that this is no time for halting policies.
Whatever personates torpor or stagnation or re-
action must-be put aside, whether in the shape
of legislation, or administering, or partyism, or
thought. And this is not optional but impera-
tive, under the penalty of other contortion and
convulsion hereafter. The active regeneration
which must take place in the nation, which must
mold institutionsand reform peoples, mustobtam
equally in the methods of political procedure as
in the conduct of official affairs. The intimate
blending which exists between party organism
and governmental control, making the one shadow
of the other, is such that inasmuch as the vices
of the former soon reappear in the latter, so like-
wise the changes and progressions demanded in
administration will have their first and foremost
manifesting in the shapings of political associa-
tion. Thus it is that signs of decay and super-
sedurc in old parties become proof of real advance
and conquest in national developmentand exalta-
tion. .Nowhere and at no time has this been more
visible than here and now. In no field of human j
affairs is revolution more palpable than in thepar- |
tyu>ms of the age, and yet in no sphere is there so j
great an effort to ignore any transformation or re- \
casting—to repel the entrance of truth into politics, j
Astute leaders of the management—astute at least I
according to the esteem of their class—go burrow- !
ing back into old cheateries for a name, or a dis- ji
guise,'or a platform, and think they have achieved ij
a success when they have issued only a platitude. !l
Vain delusion, to believe that such idle formulas |!
will dcceive any; that a crafty guile which sub-
stitutes a nomenclature for a principle will have
force in this day of the upturning1 of old forms;
that the conventionalisms of political thought will
supersede an individuality of judgment and pur-
pose never before so prevalent among all ranks
as in this struggle. On the contrary, the shams
of the hustings equally with the shams of govern-
ment must be discarded by those who would ap-
proach the people.
Talk not, then, of your Union party, or your
Republican party, or your Democratic slavery
party: the phrases now are meaningless, have
become idle parodies on all earnest effort. As
well go masquerading in the clothes of your an-
cestry. YouhaveaRadical party anda Conserv-
ative party, and none other in this nation at this
time. That is the line of demarkatron along which
readjustment is actually taking place, and it is in
presence of the real combat, wnere convict clears
up theory, that you will find the true positioning
of the politics of the country. The former marches
under the one banner of immediate freedom as es-
sential to assure progress; the other under many
flags to preserve sectionalisms, falsify democra-
cies, invite foreign interventions, and betray the
hope of the people. The one would grapple to
the future and its precious promises by every
mode and at all cost; the other would cash now
the revolution, and that at a heavy discount, to
buy or retain office and power. The one is born
of faith, the other is the bastard scion and repre-
sentative of compromise. One is the advance,
the other is the reaction. And here, as in all
things else that are to meet solution, absolute ve-
racities must prevail; and the effort to substitute
unreal issues for the vital problems that touch
upon the life wrestle of this nation will ignomin-
iously fail. As you have changed in all other re-
lations, in constitutionalisms, in national control,
in foreign outlook, in domestic policies, so must
you change in partyisms and conform to that
which is at issue, not varnish up the dead past.
Without doubt, if truth were paramount it
would disclose that the inner thought which bur-
dens here each mind to-day, which gives its own
color to speech and action, though carefully con-
cealed from expression, is this: who shall rule
this Republic for the presidential term next to
come? That is the kernel of party, and its im-
portance is manifest in that it is the dominant idea
prevalent with yourselves. And rightfully so, for
it is charged with the fate of the future. But you
cannot compromise your thought here by accept-
ing old solutions for new enigmas. In periods
of such turmoil and danger, persons and policies
are tried by to-day and to-morrow, not by de-
parted years. Therefore it is that incumbents
have no claim, that mediocrity cannot stand for
merit, and that unionisms in platform and circu-
lar mean nothing, since the electoral dispute in
this behalf is not whether there shall be a Union,
but what the character of that Union shall be:
whether it shall be.based on incongruity, social an-
tagonisms, compromise with hostile elements, or
whether it shall be rounded into the symmetry of
absolute freedom, unified by homogeneous struc-
ture, and coercing its public life into strictest ve-
racities, rather than the loose mockeries and half
truths of heretofore. In other words, in the sep-
arations of to-day, in the struggle for power, in
the divisions of opinion, there is only the alterna-
tion between a Radical party and a Conservative
party, because there is only the alternative be-
tween progress and reaction. See this verified in
the facts tianspiring before your eyes, which you
cannot be ignorantof, but pci haps are not solicit-
ous to comment on. To-day your Administra-
tion is seeking to connect itself with whatever is
conservative, in the land to secure a reelection.
Its most decided proclamations are either called
in question by the President or rendered nugatory
by half-hearted execution. Its announced poli-
cies are those of amnesty for rebels, war and re-
pulsion for radicals. Its accredited spokesmen
are the revilers of whatfreedom has accomplished,
the traducersof all the advance men of this age.
If that is to be the Administration of the future, so
vouched for and dominated, in what will it differ
from a reaction, a compromise, a surrender?
Shall we never learn, even in the midst of such
experiences? Bethink you how every progress
in our national attitude for three years past has
come up out of disaster to our arms, has been a
torn, reluctant consent only yielded to our ties-4
perate misfortunes. Is it a sufficient answer to
all that to say, "And yet there has been progress
at last?" Q-o count the two hundred thousand
dead such a method of progress ha^ cost; go visit
the mourning firesides that are fitting othe* sons
for new sacrifice under the call for an.additional
half million of soldiers, and you will iearft very
surel y that, however prompt to sustain the nation
m the hour of its peril, loyalty does not indorse'
that paralysis which has orooded over its effort,
and will never, never, never consent to renew-
that control which has made lethargic civil poli-
cies the sure precursor of military miscarriage.
With such as the attitude and such as the issue,
does not a grave responsibility rest then on those
called here to reflect the public will?' And |oW)
Senators, will you meet it? Will you yield to in-
decision and shake hands with reaction, or will
you promptly come up to the requirement of these
times, accept the mission of the Revolution, enact
freedom, conform to veracity, and organize radi-
calism into a party and a power to take charge of
the future? if only this Congress shall be true
and earnest in legislation now,if you shall be out-
spoken and free-spoken in this cause, we will do
much toward inaugurating, for the contestof prin-
ciple that impends in the country, true issues, and
by consequence will have a true heroism embod-
ied in the popular choice. If you are false, you
are hesitant, if you fear to stand avouched soldiers
of progress, you and I and all others with similar
responsibility upon them deserve to have sham
leaders palmed off upon us, and will only succeed
in carrying into the future the sloth, incertitude,
enforced compliance, lukewarm performance, and
unparalleled sacrifices of the past.
Nor in the better part, in the true organism of
the radical faith of the people into an active shape,
ready to battle and to govern, to administer either
peace or war with thoroughness and direction, will
those who shall contribute toward it be without
support in the country. There is much of earn-
est work doing everywhere among men, and
rest assured that this pivotal point of earnest ef-
fort for the future is not devoid of car# or interest.
While the chief priests of conservatism are inter-
rogating the various State Legislatures and other
assembly bodies for favorable responses, like
Roman augurs examining the flight of birds or
the entrails of oxen, on the other hand the loy-
alty of the land is knitting itself together by mu-
tual " covenant" with a firmness and a touch that
will yet have, if it shall dare to exercise it, power
and opportunity to shape results and save the Re-
public. With instinctive foresight it has been
gathering in council and league, m open union or
secret affiliation, roughly shaping association out
of informal recognitions, and assuming coopera-
tive forms to ascertain its growth and strength,
not knowing what necessities might arise, but res-
olute not to be without a bond. Did loyalty take
alarm long since, and thus express its distrust of
partyism subjected to official control ? It dwells
with the people, and they have strange knowl-
edge. Indeed, the people are as far ahead of
the politicians in these times as courage is ever
before cowardice. They are radical in every bone
and muscle. They are democratic in all their
blood. They arc loyal to their faith, and that
faith is progress: that democracy is freedom; that
radicalism is organization to repudiate the courses
that rely only on lost battles for inspiration, and
appeal ever to reactionary sympathies for political
support and to amnesty proclamations for mili-
tary prestige, without daring to invoke the spirit
of this nation in the name of liberty to arise and
conclude the conquest.
Mr. President, in bringing to a close the re-
marks submitted to the Senate,permit me to say
that, coming from a city which was the scene of
the first armed collision in this war, and that has
never faltered from that hour to this in devotion
to the cause, although its losses have been dis-
tressing and unparalleled, I have felt impelled to
speak in deprecation of baneful policies, above
pai ty ties, and regardless of Administration and
Cabinet and President. Furthermore, that dwell-
ing where this disease of slavery which has been
so fatal to our unity was visible in all its devel-
opments, and where the diversities of class and
condition engendered by its influence were con-
stantly witnessed in antagonisms, it has seemed
not inappropriate to apply those experiences, and
