1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
991
Mr. SUMNER. I thought the fire of the Sen-
ator, if I may say so, might be somewhat drawn
on this very bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that the spe-
cial assignment for to-morrow at half past twelve
o'clock will be superseded by this bill at one
o'clock at any rate. It is not requisite, as I un-
derstand, that this bill be made the special order;
but it will come up at one o'clock to-morrow as
the unfinished business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That would
be the rule of the Senate.
Mr.'WILSON. I am exceedingly anxious to
gel a vote on this bill as soon us possible; 1 have
been so all along, and I have pressed it whenever
I could properly do so. I have had to yield to a
great many other questions, and have endeavored
as far as I could to accommodate others. As the
Senator from Kentucky desires to speak on the
amendment he has proposed, of course no one
objects to his addressing the Senate either now or
to-morrow on that subject. I am satisfied, under
the circumstances, that we had better let the bill
go over until to-morrow, but without making a
special assignment of it; and, in order that it may
come up regularly to-morrow as the unfinished
business, I move that the Senate now proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
The motionwas agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 8, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Mr. Cutler, of New York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
WESTERN NAYY-YARD.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Navy, in-
closing a copy of Admiral Foote's report on a
western navy-yard; which was laid upon the ta-
ble, and ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS OP IDAHO.
Mr. WALLACE presented the memorial of
the Legislature of Idaho, asking the construction
ofamilitary road connectingthe navigable waters
of the Missouri and Columbia rivers; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALLACE also presented the memorial
of the Legislature of Idaho, asking for a division
of the Territory; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
PAY OF A CONTESTANT.
Mr.MALLORY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
and referred to the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That John S. Sleeper, of Massachusetts, be
allowed the mileage and pay that he would be entitled to
had he been a member of this Congress.
RESOLUTIONS OF IOWA.
Mr. KASSON presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Iowa, earnestly recommending that
discharged soldiers disabled by wounds or dis-
ease shall have preference, as far as competent,
in being employed in all positions within the gift
of the Federal Government; which were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. KASSON presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Iowa, indorsing the policy of paying
soldiers and seamen of African descent in the
service of the United States the same pay given
to other soldiers and seamen of the same grade;
which were also referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and oidered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
YOTES RECORDED.
Mr. NORTON. I hope the gentleman will sus-
pend that motion for a moment.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 cannot do it for anything
unless it be a personal matter.
Mr. NORTON. It is. I wasabsentfor a short
time yesterday after the House met, on pressing
business, when two votes were taken on the Lan-
man book resolution, on a motion to lay upon the
table and on the passage of that resolution. I |
ask the unanimous consent of the House to record 1
my vote on those two questions.
'Mr. HARRINGTON. I object.
Mr. NORTON. My vote will not change the
result in either case.
Mr. HARRINGTON. Then I will withdraw
the objection.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any further ob-
jection? The Chair hears none.
Mr. NORTON. I vote in favor of laying the
resolution upon the table, and against its passage.
CLERKS TO NAVAL PAYMASTERS.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill for the classification of clerks to paymasters
in the Navy and graduating their pay; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report back from the Committee
on Public Lands bill of the House No. 276, to
secure to persons in the military or naval service
of the United States homesteads on confiscated
or forfeited estates in insurrectionary districts, in
order that it may be recommitted to the commit-
tee and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. I object.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I now insist on my motion
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. ELIOT. I hope the gentleman will let us
go on with reports from committees during the
morning hour.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; hundreds offamilies
are starving while we are doing nothing. I insist
on my motion.
Mr. Stevens's motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Ashley
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the amendments of the Senate to the deficiency
bill.
The CHAIRMAN stated that all debate upon
the pending section was limited to one minute.
When the committee rose the following amend-
ment of the Senate was under consideration:
Fifth amendment:
On page 5, after line eighty-seven, insert the following:
To supply a deficicncy in the appropriation for the pur-
chase and manufacture"of arms for volunteers and regu-
lars, oidaance and ordnance stoies, $7,700,000.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the man-
ufacture oi arms at the national aunory, §700,000.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the Sur-
geon General's department, to wit:
For medical instruments and dressings, $1,300,000.
For hospital stores, bedding, and so forth, §1/200,000.
For hospital furniture and field equipment, §300,000.
For books, stationery, and punting, §36,000.
For ice, fruits, and other comfoits, §100,000.
For hospital clothing, §40,000.
For citizen nuises, §38,000.
For sjck soldiers in private hospitals, §17,000.
For artificial limbs for soldiers and seamen, §16,000.
For citizen phy&icians and medicines turntehed bythem.
§185,000.
For hire of clerks and laborers m purveying depots,
§2.3,000.
For contingent expenses of the medical department,
§5,000.
For medicines and medical attendance for negro refu-
gees, commonly called " contrabands," §33,000.
For washing and washing machines for hospitals where
matrons cannot be employed, §1,000.
To hupply a deficiency in the appropriation for the sub-
sistence of the Army, to wit:
For volunteers and dtaited men, §5,825,000.
For employes, §b40.b40.
For women, §218.400.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the
engineer department:
For contingencies of fortifications, including ficldworks,
§500.000.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the quar-
termaster's department, to wit:
For puichase of cavalry and artillery horses, §17,500,000.
For tegular supplies of the quaitermaster's department,
§18,500,000.
For barracks, quarters, and so forth, §3,500,000.
For transportation of the Army, §30,000,000.
For incidental expenses of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, §2,000,000.
For transportation of ofiicei?' baggage, §100,000.
For clothing, camp and garrison equipage, §7,000,000.
To bupply a deficiency in the appropuatiou ior the
Adjutant General's department^
For purchase of books of tactics, §25,000.
To which an amendment was pending to limit
the appropriation for negro refugees, commonly
called " contrabands," to those actually in the
service of the United States.
The committee divided on the amendment to the
amendment, and the vote stood—ayes 46, noes 21;
no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers, and ap-
pointed Messrs. Holman and Beaman.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 37, noes 56.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate was then con-
curred in.
Sixth amendment:
Page 7, line one hundred and fifty-seven, strike out as
follows:
For two additional clerks of class four, in the office of
the Secretary of the Navy, §3,GOO.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to call the attention
of the committee to lines one hundred and forty-
four and one hundred and forty-five, " for trans-
portation of the Army, $30,000,000."
Now, on page 3 of the estimates sent to the
Senate I find submitted under the sign-manual of
Quartermaster General Meigs an estimate for
$95,000,000 for this transportation. It will be seen
therefore that this appropriation comes down fra$f
the Senate larger than is asked for bjr the Send^-
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question of order.
I had supposed we had passed that and gone to
the consideration of another amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. What the gentleman says is
true; but I have already said all I intended to.
Mr. STEVENS. I am glad I did notinterrupt
the gentleman until he was through. I thoughthe
must have about concluded. [Laughter.]
The sixth amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Sixth and a half amendment:
Strike out, in line one hundred and seventy-one, page 8,
" ninety-one," and insert " eighty-three so as to make
the paiagraph read as follows :
For salary of commissioner to codify the naval laws,
under joint resolution of March 3,1863, $3,983 67.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
ENROLLED BILLS.
The committee informally rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair,
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the folio wing titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 39) to authorize the enrollment
and license of the steam-tugs B. F. Davidson and
W. K. Muir;
An act (S. No. 19) for the relief of L. F. Car-
tee;
An act (S. No. 35) to incorporate the Wash-
ington City Savings Bank;
An act (H. R. No. 42) to enable guardians and
committees of lunatics, appointed in the several
States, to act within the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 110) for the relief of John H.
Shepherd and Walter K. Caldwell, of Missouri;
An act (H. R. No. 122) to increase the internal
revenue, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 81) to apportion the expenses
of the levy court of the county of Washington
upon the basis of population; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 41) to continue the
payment of bounties.
The committee then resumed its session, and
proceeded again to the consideration of the
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Seventh amendment:
Page 8, line one hundred and seventy-one, insert as fol-
lows :
For additional repairs at the Norfolk navy-yard, §150,000.
For wharf, machine shop, bridges, buildings for naval
store?, and other works at Port lioval, South Carolina,
§144,600.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for filling in
the grounds tor the new foundery at the Brooklyn navy-
yard. §45,975.
For temporary storehouse for provisions at the Brooklyn
navy-jard, §2,000.
For temporary storehouses for provisions at the Boston
navy-yard, §2,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Page 9, line one hundred and eighty-nine, strike out
