M88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April29.
years ago-stood with me and did not shut me off
on points of order. There was a scene of two
hours in the House, but the Whigs let me in as
a- Whig. I then rose to avert from the "Whig
party the facts which I foresaw the Democratic
party wouid use against the Whig party in con-
nection with the Galphin claim or fraud; and yet
now, as I approach this subject connected with
theTreasury,there arisesa universal clamor upon
the other side the very moment I approach it. I
tell gentlemen they had better permit me to go on,
and { ask permission to go on,
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. 1 object
to the gentleman proceeding otherwise than in
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the
Clerk read the resolution now before the House,
to which the gentleman from New York will di-
rect his remarks.
The resolution of Mr. Dawes was again read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from New York that the general ques-
tion whether the President shall give information
to the House upon various subjects is not now
under discussion, as the Chair believes; but the
question is whether the House desires the orders,
telegrams, notes,&c. mentioned in,the resolution,
and debate relating thereto is in order.
The Chair will say in relation to the allusion to
the strict manner in which the Chair administers
the rules, that he has endeavored to administer
them with equal impartiality upon both sides of
the House, as he did upon the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. McClurg] who spoke an hour or
two since, and upon the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Blair] who spoke a few days since upon
the same subject.
Mr. BROOKS. The House gave him permis-
sion to proceed just as he chose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can proceed
in the same manner if there is no objection, is
there objection ?
Mr. SLOAN. If the gentleman will wait and
introduce Ins resolution as an independent prop-
osition I believe it will pass, and that this side of
the House will vote for it. 1 certainly will.
Mr. BROOKS. I hold in my hand the resolu-
tion which 1 desire to introduce, and I ask that
it may he read.
The SPEAKER. Another resolution is before
the House, but the resolution can be read for in-
formation, if there is no objection.
No objection was made.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas the disbursements of the Treasury now amount
very nomly to one thou-and million dollar per duuum,
mainly obtained fluotiyii hum*; imd whereas the business
nl'ihe Department luihgiown to proportions ncvereontem-
plan d by the trainers of the Government, and as Conyios
liav eonf<nred upon the Secretary <>l the Tioasnrv not only
the power to receive and make disbuisemonts ot flu- public
fund*, but aKo the power oi' making and l>*uut<£ the evi-
dences of tin: public debt ; and whuieus the luwuuas of
the Dep.utment is now conducted as it was originally or-
ganized, no change having been made in its internal opera-
tion-except theenhugement ol Uieseveial buieaus theieol:
Theieloie,
Be i/ •> zsolvetl) That a committee be appointed to examine
into and repott upon the immajrcmentand condition of the
'J'iea:>uryD<;p.i)tmcnt,and et-peu.ill} into tin: bureau vvlteie
is punted the legal tender, or money, ur bonds of' the Umt«'4
States, vvuh power to employ such expeits as may be Mi-
quired, ami ihsitsueh commfttee be instructed to yu t:e^t
and teeoimnend any changes in the organization of the De-
pigment to) facilitating its bu^ine^s and the piotection of
the public intere-t as they may deem necc^ary, with powei
to pubh-li and ieport the toumony thu> taken at any time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman to al-
low me to have lead a resolution which 1 desire
to oiler as a substitute for his.
Mr. BROOKS, I yield for that purpose.
The resolution was read, and is as follows:
Resolvetl, That the conumitec on the conduct of the war
be directed to summon- Hon. Joins IUiook.s. a member
of this Hou<e, to give testimony in regaul to any and all
fifiuds of which he may have any knowledge connected
with the Treasury Department.
3Vlr. BROOKS. I accept that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
these resolutions have been read for information,
and are not subjects for debate at the present
turn1.
Mr. BROOKS. I am sorry for that. Permit
me one woui in reply to the honorable gentleman
fumi Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not call the
gentleman to order unless a point of order is raised
on the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. Let us go on and decide the
question before us, and then we will hear the
other.
Mr. BROOKS. I suggest this is not fair.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Ohio
has not made any remarks that I know of.
Mr. BROOKS. He introduced a resolution
seemingly reflecting upon me.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 must object.
Mr. BROOKS. I will not object to the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Ohio, if he will con-
sent that my resolution shall come in immediate-
ly afterwards; and I will abandon the floor, and
not say another word if I may be permitted to
publish my speech in the Globe to-morrow.
Mr. CRESWELL. I object to printing what
the gentleman, who is out of order, would have
said if he had been in order.
Mr. COX. .1 object to this debating by the
gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. BROOKS. Then'l understand that the
gentleman from Maryland, who made the point
upon public morals, objects to the publication of
my remarks in the official organ of the House of
Representatives ?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes; as against public mor-
als. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] charged me a moment
ago with having opened the flood-gates upon the
House in this way by yielding as a matter of cour-
tesy to the gentleman from New York. 1 do not
know what the gentleman meant by the remark.
I have only to say, Mr. Speaker, that without
any knowledge of the character of the remarks
which the gentleman desired to submit to the
IIouso, I yielded as a matter of courtesy to him.
But I have this-furthcr to say, with the leave of
the House, that no man who ever offered a reso-
lution in this House calling for an investigation
into the official conduct of any man, whether he
be a political friend or a political opponent of
mine, has ever found any opposition from me, for
i havti learned in my experience that it did my
friends more harm to attempt to defend them by
covering up than it did to give the largest liberty
to anybody who desired to investigate their offi-
cial conduct. If a man brings a foundless charge
against any official, you have but to let him have
rope enough and he will hang himself; if you
do not, he will hang you. [Laughter.] That is
the only difference.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, -I ask permission to
hang myself. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that permission be
granted. [Renewed faughter.]
Mr. DAWES. Without having any knowledge
of these charges, I am not to have the rule of con-
duct by winch I am to be governed laid down by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. That is all 1
have to say upon the subject.
Mr. BROOKS resumed the floor.
Mr. CRESWELL. I hope I may be permit-
ted to make an explanation.
[Shouts of "Older!"]
Mr. BROOKS. I cannot yield to the member
from Maryland again. He is not a memberof the
House by election but by force. He is only the
representative of the bayonet. He has no moral
or constitutional ught to be heard heie at all.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman from New
Yoik has just expressed a wish that he may be
permitted to hang himself. 1 move that he have
the consent of the House. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
Mr. BROOKS. I understand that the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] now allows me
to proceed without objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Baldwin] made the objection.
Mr. BROOKS. I am quite sure that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, if for no other leason
than that he belongs to the same profession I do,
and is for free (speech and a free press, will per-
mit nie to go on without interruption.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, I wish to
go on with the business of the House.
Mr. CRESWELL, I wish to say in regard
to this matter 
[Loud ciies of 11 Order I" £< Order !"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land is not ui order unless he rises to a point of
order.
Mr. CRESWELL. I do rise to a point of
order, i insist that the rule be enfoiCed as the
gentleman from New York persists in proceeding
out of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land insists that the rule shall be enforced. The
Chair will have the rule read.
The Clerk read, asfollows:
"61. If any member, in tweaking or otherwise, trans-
gress the rules of the House, the Speaker shall, or any mem-
bei may,call to oidei; m winch case The member so called
to order shall immediately sit down, unless permitted to
explain."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has been called to order, and the Chair has
decided that his remarks have not been germane
to the resolution before the House. As the rule
is required to be enforced the gentleman must sit
down unless permitted to explain.
Mr. BROOKS. Does the Chair enforce that
point of order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not desire to
enforce it if the gentleman will proceed in order.
Mr. BROOKS. I was trying, when interrupted
by gentlemen upon the other side of the House,
to adhere to the decisions of the Chair. My pro-
fession is not the legal profession. I was .not
educated as a lawyer, and know little of legal
matters. m
The SPEAKER. The Chair would respect-
fully state to the gentleman from New York that
that is not embraced in the resolution.
Mr. BROOKS, Itis impossible forme,a jour-
nalist, to adhere as strictly to the rules of oider,
even when acting in good faith, as gentlemen who
have been bred to the legal profession, but I will
try to do it to the best of my ability.
When I was interrupted here by gentlemen on
the other side, I was dwelling upon the import-
ance of obtaining information from the Executive
Departments of the Government; and I was about
to illustrate the evils, the dangers, and the perils
to the community when information is not allowed
to be had from these Executive Departments of
the Government. In order to show why this
resolution should pass as submitted by the hon-
orable gentleman from Massachusetts, it is ne-
cessary for me to illustrate not only on the point
of telegrams, notes, et cetera, but on the general
peril of concealing information from the people
which the people should have and can have from
this House when it is permuted to call on the
Executive Departments for information. One of
these evils which 1 was about to illustrate was
that when I at an early period of the session
called upon the other side of the House m this
matter of printing public money, I gave them an
opportunity of correcting that great evil which,
because they did not correct, has led to the peril
of the sacrifice of millions and millions of public
money in the printing bureau of the Treasury of
the United States and to the conversion of the
Treasury Department into a housefororgiesand
bacchanals. If 1 had been allowed at that time
and am allowed at this time, and if the galleiics
are cleared so that charges can be made which
are not fit for female ears, I will show the coun-
try that every word I have said is truth and more
than truth-.
Mr. BROOMALL. Is that in order?
Mr. SPEAKER. The Chair can do no more
than state to the gentleman from New York, as
he has repeatedly, that in his opinion his remai ks
have no bearing on the icsolution.
Mr. BROOMALL. If 1 have a right to do so,
I ask that the rule be enforced.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Does my
colleague raise a point of order for the Chair to
decide?
The SPEAKER. He does.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Will the
Chair state that point, arid give his opinion on it,
so that we can have a record of it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
debate must be confined to the resolution offered by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
and that m his opinion the remarks of the gentle-
man from New Yoik are not confined to that res-
olution.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. Is it the
ruling of the Chair that it is not in order to tell
the truth upon this floor?
The SPEAKER. The ruling of the Chair is
that the debate must be confined to the subject
under discussion. • A gentleman might be telling
truth in regard to mutton* in California, but unless
