THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
^ JUL Oi'FxOIAL PBOOkEDING-S OF CONG-RESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thikty-Eigiitii Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 15, 1864.
fourteen forts, eostini> .55,580,858, and mounting eleven
hundred and twenty-lour guns. These forts are hot only
held against the United States, but two others are closely
besieged, and assault is every day threatened. The arsen-
als, thearm«;, the revenue cutters, the custom-houses, the
post offices, tliu mints, the money, and even the hospitals* of
the United States are seized and held with impunity. The
operations ot commerce are impeded. Seven Status claim
to have released themselves from all constitutional obliga-
tions ; to have disrupted the Government, and formed a
new and independent confederacy in the bounds of the
United States, all in the name of secession; and yet we
are mid secession is not only a peaceful but a constitutional
remedy; as if the Constitution had provided for us own
destruction by an inconsiderable fraction of the power that
made it."
But, Mr. Speaker, it may be possible that some
gentlemen upon this floor may question the ve-
racity of that portion of the report, but those gen-
tlemen will not question the veracity of what I
am about to read, for it comes from one whom
many of them loved at that time, and I do not
know but their love still continues:
" Even now the danger is upon us. In several of the
States which have not yet seceded, the forts, arsenals, and
magazines of the United States have been seized. This
is by far the most senous step which has been taken since
the commencement of the troubles. This public property
has Jong been left without garrisons and troops for its pro-
tection, because no person doubted its security under the
flag of the country in any State of the Union. Besides,
our small Army has scarcely been sufficient to guard our
remote frontiers against Indian incursions. The seizure
of this property, from all appearances, has been purely ag-
gressive, and not m resistance to any attempt to eoeiee
a State or States to remain in the Union."
This is an extract from a special message sent
to Congress by James Buchanan, and has his sig-
nature as President.
And this was signed on the 8th day of Janu-
ary, 1861, almost two months before his presi-
dential term expired. .War! Talk about waging
war. These villains were laying destruction
across the pathway of the Government, seizing
its property here and there, going in military ar-
ray and doing it, threatening men if they did not
yield, and yet we are told that this Government
has been waging war against the South ! That
is as big a lie as the institution of slavery is itself.
I call slavery the great lie of the age, got up by
a body of men, while this is a simple he by indi-
viduals, and history will put the stamp upon it.
But we are told further than that—and here is
where men attempt to escape—that Abraham Lin-
coln gave strength to the rebellion by his procla-
mation. On the 1st day of January, 1863, Pres-
ident Lincoln issued his proclamation after giving
a hundred days' notice, ample time for the rebel
States to lay down their arms and come back
into the Union and be as they were before they
took up arms—a grace which none but the God
of heaven would have given, and I doubt whether
He would have given it.
Why, sir, the Opposition seek an excuse under
that proclamation to withdraw their aid to the
Government in this hour of its peril. Let me re-
mind such of a little piece of history taken from
the words of the vice president of the confederate
States, and which has become a part of the his-
tory of that government. He says that the new
government formed by them is based upon the
institution of slavery as its foundation. Do gen-
tlemen object to getting at the foundation and
knocking it to pieces? Do they desire to haggle
at the branches, and attack the trunk before they
reach the foundation? Is that the way to destroy
a system which has slavery as its foundation?
There is a preferable mode. Strike at the founda-
tion first, knock it out, and the superstructure
will fall, and the whole mass will come crushing
down. It is the best blow possible to be stiuck.
Mr. Speaker, gentlemen who would avoid sup-
porting the Government cry, "Oh, the proclama-
tion !" The proclamation struck at the founda-
tion. It struck at the root of the terrible aggression
against this Government. It struck at the very
vitality of it, and every man of sense and judg-
ment knows it, and they only deny it for an ex-
cuse for not rendering aid to the Government.
Mr. Speaker, there never was a time when
the proposition contained in this resolution and
in this proposed amendment of the Constitu-
18 3
•New Series No. 185.
tion needed more the action of this body than
now, at this time, during this session; and, sir,
the States, by their Legislatures, should act upon
it at their earliest sessions after it shall have
passed this Congress. The Constitution should
be adapted to the condition of the country where
the noble men of the loyal States are giving up
their lives and where they have given them up
by thousands. Their bones are bleaching upon
hundreds of battle-fields. They are drenching
with their blood the soil over which they are
moving with victory perching on their banners and
killing out the roots of slavery so that it cannot
exist; and we, as the legislative part of this Gov-
ernment, should be adapting the Constitution and
all the laws as speedily as we can to the new
condition of the country where our armies do
march in triumph, so that we may never see nor
feel again this power that has como so near being
the end of this nation.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. Mr. Speaker, 1 shall
not attempt to wander over the road traveled by
the gentleman .who preceded me, [Mr. Higby,]
but will endeavor to take a common-sense view
of the subject, and in plain language strive to give
expression to the sentimental entertain in regard
to the proposition now before the House.
For the first time in the history of our country
a serious attempt is about to be made to intro-
duce a radical change in the Constitution under
which we have enjoyed the greatest amount of
earthly blessings ever vouchsafed to a nation.
The question as to its propriety is therefore a
grave one, beset with many perils, and its con-
sideration should be approached with the greatest
care and conducted with the most serious delib-
eration. Indeed, the necessity for such a change
should first be made clearly manifest, and placed
beyond all doubt, before its consideration at all
should be allowed seriously to occupy our minds.
The subject embraced in the proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution, that of prohibiting in-
voluntary servitude, or, in other words, slavery,
in any State or Territory, is not a new one and
for the first time agitated. It received the atten-
tion of the framers of that instrument, and was
exhaustively debated and thoroughly considered
by them. They were not unmindful of the fact
that the time might arrive when it would require
the greatest forbearance on the one side and the
utmost caution on the other to avoid a crisis like
that in which the nation is now plunged. They
settled the distracting question for themselves by
mutual concession on the part of conflicting in-
terests and views, and then provided for the per-
manency of that settlement by the adoption of a
clause in the Constitution providing that amend-
ments to it should be made only with the assent
of three fourths of the parties to the compact.
They feared that at some future time an attempt
might be made to tamper with the Constitution in'
order to unjustly benefitormterfere with an espe-
cial interest or a particular section of country at
the expense of another, and established what they
believed to bo an impassable barrier to any suclj
attempt. They sought to place the glorious result
of their labors upon as it were a rock, against
which the fluctuating, surging tides of evanescent
popular majorities and the stormy waves of mere
partisan strife should be impotent to endanger its
permanence. And there in that firm position it
has remained invulnerable, if not unassailable, to
the present time, an illustration and embodiment
of human wisdom the most sublime ever roared
by the mind of man.
Revering the Constitution as I do, can it be
wondered at that I should receive tile bare sug-
gestion of amending it with anv other than feel-
ings of doubt and misgivhig, and that before
I can give my assent to any proposition for its
amendment even for real and apparent defects,
still less for fancied ones, I must be clearly con-
vinced that it is indispensable to the future well-
being of the country ? I must not only be satis- i
fled that it will infallibly tend to restore peace to j
the country and harmony to the Union, but also
that the present is the proper and most auspi- I
clous moment for its inauguration. In examining
the proposition before us, with a view to satisfy
my mind upon these points, it will be pertinent-
also to inquire into the objects and motives of its
advocates here—whether their real desire is the
benefit of every section of the country, or only
that of a particular locality coupled with the cor-
rupt purpose of perpetuating the power of the
party now administering the Government.
The advocates of the proposition to amend the
Constitution have endeavored to show by various
arguments that the country could not continue to
prosper while slavery was permitted to exist in
the Territories or States of the Union, and that
therefore a clause prohibiting the holding of slaves
within the borders of the Republic should be in-
serted in that illustrious and 'venerated instru-
ment. How long, let me ask, is it since it was
discovered that the country could not prosper
under our Constitution? Why, but a few years
since to preach such a doctrine would have sub-
jected the party having the hardihood to do it to
the scorn and contumely ofthe people. Even the
noisiest abolition brawling fanatics, whether of
the slightest tinge or of the darkest hue, have in-
variably acknowledged that the country was pros-
perous, at least up to and until the outbreak of
the rebellion.
The absurdity of the argument that the pro-
posed amendment to the Constitution is necessary
to the prosperity of the country is so manifest
that to me it seems almost absurd to attempt (se-
riously to refute it. It is either a crazy delusion
or a wicked and willful falsehood on the part of
those who promulgate it. No, sir; the prosperity
of the country has been marred and its welfare
affected, not by the legitimate operation of the
Constitution, but by the efforts that have been
made to interfere with and overthrow it. The
continual intermeddling with and agitation of the
subject of slavery by some of the people of the
free States who had become frantic upon that
question, and the use made of that frenzied state
of mind by others of them in promoting thegrat-
ification of their inordinate desire for public office
and political spoils, may well be regarded as
among the primary causes that have hastened, if
not produced, the unhappy condition in which we
now find the country.
While the Constitution was respected and en-
forced, for three quarters of a century, we were
happy and prosperous; and it was not until a
miserable set of political charlatans sought to
blind the people to their grasping for place and
power by a false issue that this cry was raised
that the instrument was defective and needed
amendment. It was the production of the master
minds of the age in which they lived, men who,
if alive to-day, would be joyfully intrusted by
the people with the task of leading the nation out
of the calamities into which it has been plunged
by the corrupt and incompetent imbeciles to whose
hands the destinies of the country are now con-
fided. Is it wise, under these circumstances, to
discard their labors and teachings, and to attem pt
a change which may be sowing the seeds of our
utter destruction. The fate of him who was well,
took physic to make him better, and died incon-
sequence thereof,is an apt illustration of thedan-
gers of tampering with the Constitution, under the
benign influences of which, heretofore, our na-
tional health has been so hearty and robust. It
needs no physic, and least of all such as now
offered us by political quacks and mountebanks,
to improve our condition.
Where risks are but small in comparison with
benefits anticipated, there perhaps may be justi-
fication in trying experiments, but. the riUc of al-
tering one line, nay, even a single word of the
Constitution, may involve us in consequences so
fatal to the welfare and the liberties of the people
that it would be worse than madness to attempt
it. The alteration once commenced and the peo-
ple made familiar with the idiyi of its mutability,
and who can tell how soon other and more fan-
cied grievances and wrongs, or even the reckless
desire to pull down everything that bears uport
