994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
Secretary, informing the House that he did, on
the'7th instant, approve and sign an act (H. R.
No. 122) to increase the internal revenue, and for
other purposes.
UNIFORM COINAGE, WEIGHTS, AND MEASURES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of State, in answer
to the resolution of the House of the 2d instant,
traqsmiuingacopyof the report, with the accom-
panying documents, of Samuel B. Ruggles, of the
proceedings of tHe statistical national congress at
Berlin upon the subject of uniform weights and
measures and coins; which was referred to the
Committee on a Uniform System of Coinage,
Weights, and Measures.
«P?he committee then resumed its session, and
oceeded again to the consideration of the Sen-
ate amendments to the
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Nineteenth amendment:
Page 17, inseit as follows:
Sec. 6. And be it Jut (her enacted, That in addition to the
clerical foict; now authorized by law, the following clerks
ami employes are hereby authorized in the several Depart-
ments and offices hereinafter specified, to be employed
and continue only duiing the icbclhon, and tor one year
after its close, namely:
Jn the office of the'Secrctaiy of the Treasury, one clerk
of clas-s four, one ofclass three, pight of claps two,and tour-
teen of class one.
Jn the construction branch of the Treasury, one super-
intending architect, one assistant architect, two cleiks of
<ilas8 four, four of class three, two of class one, and one
messenger at an annual salary of $600.
In the First Comptroller's Office, five clerks of class four,
arid one clerk of cla.«s four substituted tor one of elans one.
tu the Second Comptroller's oifice, eight cleiks of class
four, eight ofclass three, eight of class two, arid fifteen of
class one.
In the First Auditor's office, two clerks of class foui, and
one of class two.
In the Second Auditors office, two hundred and six
clerks of class one, and one cleik at $900 ptr ummtn.
In the Third Auditor's office, two clerks of class four,
two of class thjee, five of class two, twenty four of class
one, and one mebsongcr at a Hilary ot $700 poi annum, and
two laborers at an annual sal.uy of $G0D  >ueb.
In the Fourth Auditors office, five clerks of ehns Coin,
nine of class three, nine oi class two, thiitv-live ot cUh*
one, and one laborer ;it an annual ."-alary ot $(>00.
In the Fifth Auditor's otliee, one elei k of class four to be
substituted for one of c^iss thiee.
In the TteaMiiejS ofliee, foiu clerks of class fom,twoof
Class three, seventeen oiYIjhs two, and six of class one.
In the Register's office, lour eleiks of elasa four, six of
cluss three, six of class two, ei«ht of ebu-s one, and one
messenger at a salary of $700 per annum.
In the otfie© of the Commissioner of Customs, one eleik
of class thiee, three of cla^ two, and lb in of class one.
In the oUico of the Hecret.ny ot the Navy two clerks of
class lour.
In the office of the Adjutant General, two ch'iks of class
four, eight of cUhs thiee, nineteen of class two, and seventy-
four ofclas* one.
In the office of the (iuaiteimaster Ceneial. thnty clerks
of class three, sixty of cla^s two, seventy ot class one, and
six laborer-* at an annn.il .s.dan nf^tJOO each.
In the Paymaster Geup : rs olhce, nine clerks of cl.)s«
three, twenty-six of class two, sevent)-livc oi'clas.-one,
three inesscugu's at an annual ?.al:uy of £810 each, and four
watchmen at an annual salatv of $600 each.
In the Comim<t>aiy General's office, ten clerks of class
two, and thiity of cl.^s one.
In the tftirgeon General's office, two clei Us of cla<s four.
In the oifiec of the ('hief ot Oidnan<'e,tvvi><'l<'tkf- ol'ela«a
four, seven of'class thiee, eleven of class two, seventy-itmr
of cta^s one, and mue laborers at an annual salaiy of SdOU
each.
In the office of the Chief Engineer, one cleik of class
four, and one of class two.
And the several clerks and employes authorized by this
section shall be appomterJ hythe heads of the Departments
to which they are severally attached, and the amount ne-
cessity to pay their salaries (iom the tune of their appoint-
ment to (he 30th of J une, 1S61, is her< by appropriated tbcie-
l'or; and the heads of said several Departments are hereby
authorized to employ females instead of any of the cleiks
heiciubcfoic designated, at an annual compensation not
exceeding £000 pi'i year, wlienever ,n their opinion the
same can be done consistently with the iuteiesu ot the
public service: Provided, however, That the cleikj> hereby
authorized in the Treasury Depaitmcut and its bureaus
shall not be m addition to the temporary clerks now em-
ployed therein, under formet appiopnations for that piu-
— , but shall include tin same.
Mr. STEVENS. I find it is necessary, from the
action of the committee in an early" part'of the bill,
to non-concur in this whole suction. At the com-
mencement of the bill wo provide d for cluks, but
in suchamunner as the Senate did not like. They
thereforcstrurk outour provision and suhstitut< d
this in place of it. If, therefore, we concur in the
amendment of the Senate, it will be providing for
these cleiks twice over. It is necessary, there-
fore, to non-concur in this whole section. We
may then £o to a committee of conference and see
which of the two we will a^ree lo.
Mr. HOLMAN. I presume by unanimous
consent the committee might return to the first
amendmcTitof the Senateand concur in thatstrik-
ing out our provision. We could then perfect
this section and pass it.
Mr. STEVENS. This section is so imperfect
in many of its particulars that even then we should
have to ask the House to non-concur and give us
a chance to revise this classification of cleiks.
Mr. ALLEY. With the permission of the
committee, before the vote is taken on concurring
in this section, I desire to move an amendment
which 1 believe meets the concurrence of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, so that if the com-
mittee rejects the whole amendment this may go
with it to a commitce of conference. I propose
to insert after the enacting clause the following:
That the sum appropriated by the fifth section of this act
shall he taken to be, and snail be, in addition to the sum
heretofore appropriated for the compensation of letter-car-
liers for the current year.
I will merely remark that this is an explana-
tory amendment of section five, and I presume
there can be no objection to it. It is offered at the
suggestion of the Auditor, who has some difficulty
in interpreting that section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope we shall now non-
concur in the whole amendment as amended.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended, was
non-concurred in.
Twentieth amendment:"
Insert as follows:
Sec. 7. Jind he it further enacted, That so much of the
act entitled " An act to provide foi the appointment of an
Assistant lle^ter of the Treasury Department and a Soli-
citor for the War Department, and foi other purposes," ap-
pioved February 20. Ib(j3, as hunts the office ot the Assist-
ant Ke«i*tor of the Treasury to a term ol one year, is hereby
icpealed.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. STUART. I move to strike out the sev-
enth section.
Tin: CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
the arm mlnu'iit of the Senate has already been
concurred in by the committee.
Mr. STUART. I will then move to amend so
as to add to the time of the limitation one year.
Mr. STEVENS. I should like to kn ow whether
there is anything to attach that amendment to?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendments of the
Senate having been all passed upon, the Chair de-
cides that there is nothing before the committee to
which an amendment can be attached.
Mi. STUART. I hope I may be indulged in
two oi thiee minutes' debute.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman can make
his speech in the House.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman will call the
ptevious question there.
Mr. STEVENS. I will give the gentleman an
opportunity in the House. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair,Mr. Ashley repotted thatthe
Committee ot the Wholeon thestateof theUnion
had,according to order,had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill of
the House (No. 156) to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1864, with the amend-
ments of the Senate thereto; that they had con-
curred in some and non-concurred in others of
said amendments, and had instructed him to re-
port the same back to the House with their action
thereon.
Mr. STUART. The political organization to
which I belong is in nowise responsible for the
cruel and wicked civil war which now rages. On
the contrary, if its counsels had prevailed we
would to-day have peace and union instead of
war and the fear of disunion.
But the war rages in spite of us, and we are
placed in such a dilemma that it becomes necee-
saiy to continue that war as a means of preserv-
ing and maintaining the Union. It is a cruel ne-
cessity which exists and will exist until some door
js opened for an honorable peace preseiving the
Union, a peace degrading to no section of the
country.
1 am, sir, for preserving and maintaining the
Union,and therefore will vote the necessary sup-
plies of men and money to maintain our armies
m the field. The responsibility of conducting the"
war is with the Administration, and I must rely
to a large degree on the organs of the Adminis-
tration in deciding what supplies are necessary.
This deficiency bill upon which we are called
to vote is an extraordinary one, and has been
matured in an unusual manner. It is not founded
on estimates submitted by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and it looks as if there was a desire
to evade responsibility.
But, sir, the Gommittee of Ways and Means,
and especially its chairman, stands in this House
as the organ of the Treasury Department. They
urge the passage of the bill as needed to support
the credit of the Government. I therefore regaid
it as having the indorsement of the Secretary of
the Treasury and as demanded by the Adminis-
tration, and will vote for its passage.
Mr. STEVENS moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The action of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the amendments of the
Senate was concurred in, without division, ex-
cept in the following case:
Seventeenth amendment of the Senate:
Strike out the words " the same as the present Assistant
Secrotaiy of the Tieasury," and in heu thereof insert
"$3,000;" so that the paragraph will read:
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That the President
shall appoint in the Treasuiy Department, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, an additional Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury, whose salaty shall be $3,000 per
annum, who shall poiform all such duties in the office of
the Secretary of the Treasury, belonging to that Depart-
ment, as shall be prescubed by the Secretarvof the Tieas-
ury, or as may be requited by law; and the muu ot $2,000,
oi so much theieof a.^ may be found necessary, be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated, out of any monev in the Tieas-
ury not otherwise appiopnated,forthe payment of said sal-
ary tor the current fiscal jear.
On a division there were—ayes 44, noes 36.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the yeas and nays.
'The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. STEVENS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Thayer and
Chanler weie appointed.
The amendment was concurred in; the tellers
having reported—ayes 53, noes 41.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the votes
of the House on the amendments of the Senate;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the House insist
on its disagreement to certain Senate amend-
ments, and ask for a committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes between the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed as managers of said conference on the
part of the House, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Pendleton,
and Mr. Scofield.
SALE OF SURPLUS GOLD.
The SPEAKER stated the next question in or-
der to be the call of committees for reports, under
which the House resumed the consideration of
what is known as the gold bill. The previous
question was called by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Pendleton] and sustained on the pending
amendments.
Mr. BROOKS. I appeal to the gentleman from
Ohio, before lie insists on the previous question,
that he will at least permit some remaiks to be
made m reply to those who have advocated this
bill from the Committee of Ways and Means.
The discussion so far has been on one side alto-
gether.
Mr. PENDLETON. If the gentleman from
New York will renew my demand for the pre-
vious question, i will withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. Even if the gentleman from
Ohio weie to withdraw the demand for the pie-
vious question the gentleman from New* York
cannot speak, as the previous question has been
sustained on the pending amendments.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish fo r an opportunity, be-
fore we come to a vote on the bill reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means and the amend-
ments thereto, to make some remarks on a meas-
ure so impoi tant.
The SPEAKER. Does the gnntl eman with-
draw the demand for the previous question ?
Mr. PENDLETON. If I withdraw il I un-
derstand the vote will liave to be taken, and that
the gentleman cannot be heard.
