2946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
it the least stamp of antiquity, now so prevalent
among us, may cause other and more radical
changes, until in the end, of the now solid and per-
fect structure which has stood the test of years,
scarce a vestige will remain ? The glorious work
of the fathers of the Republic, the perfection of
human wisdom as it has often been pronounced,
may thus become a mere piece of patch-work,
shaped and transformed at the will and caprice of
the parties in power until at last there shall re-
main of it but a bundle of shreds and patches as
a mournful reminder of its former greatness.
God forbid that such a destiny shall await the
American Constitution. 1 regard, sir, this prop-
osition for an amendment of the Constitution but
as a part of the scheming and agitation which re-
sulted in the origin and success of the party now
controlling the Government, and brought forward
in the hope, vain I trust, of securing for it a new
lease of power.
By grossly high coloring and unfairly exag-
gerating the evils of slavery, these politicians
succeeded in exciting among the people a senti-
ment of blind enthusiastic sympathy for the negro,
of which they artfully availed themselves as a
stepping stone to place and power. 'And they now
seek by appeals to the passions and prejudices of
the people stimulated by the events of the war,
and by misrepresentation and the raising of false
issues, to perpetuate their hold of the position
which by the means to which I have referred
they have succeeded in obtaining'. This propo-
sition to amend the Constitution for the benefit
of the negro is, I repeat, but a new dodge in their
game. The Democratic party are to be abused
and maligned anew for daring to oppose them
m their destructive career, and another agitation
attempted to be excited, based upon the plea of
justice to the negro. [ say their destructive
career, and I believe I am fully warranted in using
the expression, because notwithstanding all their
vaunting professions of extreme patriotism and
loyalty (the latter a phrase only properly appro-
priate m countries where monarchical Govern-
ments prevail) they have perpetrated many acts
which history will ptonounce to be subversive
of the best interests of the nation and tending
still further to widen the breach which wo have
striven at the cost of hundreds of thousands of
valuable lives and thousands of millions of treas-
ure ineffectually to close.
What need, let me ask, have these politicians
foran amendment of' the Constitution, for any ob-
ject? Have they ever failed, when their purpose
seemed to them to require it, to disregard it both
in spirit and letter? if those who differ with me
shall answer this in the negative, let them, if they
aieable, wipe away the stain ofconfiscating lands,
in clear violation not only of the spirit of the Con-
stitution but of the only liberal construction that
can be put upon it. Let them account for the dis-
regard of its provisions in the numerous cases of
arbitrary arrests, a power heretofore only exer-
cised by military authority, under despotism, and
the creation of which was never contemplated by
our forefathers. Could the fiamers of our Magna
Charts have foreseen that the time would ever ar-
rive when it would be undertaken to suppress the
publication of newspapers, and upon a pretext so
frivolous as that put forth in the case of the World
and the Journal of Commerce, they would have
abandoned their work in despair. These are acts
in violation of the Constitution, and which can
only be perpetrated by means of military force.
Let us hope that we shall have no more of them,
and that we are not yet lost to all sense of patriot-
ism and those feelings which animated our fore-
fathers when they declared themselves a free and
independent people, willing to stake their lives
and sacred honors to maintain that declaiation.
Let us not become forgetful of their sacrifices and
the boon they have conferred upon us, but resolve
to continue with a steady and unfaltering step to
travel the road they have marked out for us, and
which, always pursued by the Democratic party,
lias under their guidance conducted the Republic
to happiness, giory, and renown.
A part of the game to retain power and control
of the Government has been to misrepresent and
vituperate the Democratic party. We are charged
with opposing thetjrproposed change in the Con-
stitution simply with a design to thwart the Gov-
ernment in its purposes and action, and to frus-
trate its efforts for the restoration of the Union.
This is no new charge. The Democratic party
have all along been accused by these political
schemers of conduct tending to give aid and com-
fort to our enemies, and thereby assisting in de-
stroying all hope of a restoration of the Union to
its former proud stand among the nations of the
earth, when its emblem of nationality was re-
spected in every clime, the dread of tyrants and
the star of hope of the oppressed. They are often
in derision styled " copperheads," with intent to
convey the idea of their favorable disposition to
the so-called southern confederacy and their op-
position to our own Government. These charges
and accusations need no retort nor defense. They
fall harmless at the feet of the Democratic party.
The hundreds of thousands of brave and patriotic
members of that party who fill the ranks of our
heroic armies, and whose remains are molder-
ing beneath the battle-fields of the war, and the
pecuniary contributions of thousands of their
brethren in civil life in behalf of the cause of the
Union, suffice to show the proud position occu-
pied by the Democratic party in this controversy.
Their acts speak more eloquently than words,
and the railing of the blatant babblers in the ranks
of the Administration supporters will fail to blot
or obscure the glorious record.
But here let me say that these aspersions upon
and misrepresentation of the Democratic party,
wanton and unjustifiable as they are, have tended
more to the prolongation of the civil war than a
casual observation would lead one to suppose.
They have tended to encourage the rebels in hold-
ing out against a return to their allegiance,and 111
persisting in their vain effort to establish ti
Government of their own. This they have done
by inducing them to believe that there was in the
States adhering to the Union a party as power-
ful as is the Democratic party, sympathizing with
their efforts and wishing them success. By con-
veying this impression and by the everlasting
cries of copperhead, traitor, secessionist, and
other opprobrious and lying epithets, of late so
lavishly heaped upon the members of the Demo-
cratic party, the supporters of the Administration
have, in my candid opinion, helped to prolong u
war which should long ere this have been ended.
And let mo ask, would it not bo a fair argument
for the rebels to use to these would-be pure patriots
who are so denunciatory of the acts of their fellow-
citizens who differ with them in opinion, should
they, the rebels, say: "You admit that you are
m favor of a Government selected by a majority
of the governed, and you say that you believe
the power of sovereignty is still vested in the
people, and that they possess the right to delegate
it to such of their number as a majority of them
may select?" You will not deny this, and the
rebelscontinuc: " You allege that the Democrats
of the .North are copperheads, in favor of the
government of one Jeff. Davis; in short, that
they are secessionists in sentiment; if so, why do
you war against us and condemn us as rebels ?
You must admit that combined we rebels and
the copperheads, who, as you say, are in favor
of our Government, constitute a large majority
of the people North and South; therefore our
'rebellion, according to your own showing, is
justifiable and becomes a revolution, because it is
based upon a desire for a change of Government,
which, according to the principle recognized by
tus all, the majority of the people have an un-
questioned right to make." This is the argu-
ment you put in the mouths of the rebels, and
upon your own premises I imagine you would
find it exceedingly difficult if not absolutely im-
possible to confute it.
Mr. Speaker, the language I have used may not
bo as eloquent nor my arguments as clear and
lucid as I could wish and as others more capable
to the task might have given expression to; but
I believe my idea of popular government will be
understood. No one, I am sure, with the least
particle of love for the Union inspiring him, can
fail to see the harm done to its cause by our op-
ponents, not only by their unceasing use of lan-
guage unbecoming American citizens, but by the
commission of acts which are disgraceful in the
extreme. Certain it is that to charge the Demo-
cratic party with having brought about the evils
under which the nation labors, and with aiding
and abetting in their continuance, docs not tend
to promote the fraternal feeling which should
prevail among us, especially at the present.
So much for this charge that the Democrats are
the enemies of the Government. I acknowledge,
sir, and here I hope I may not be misunderstood,
that when I speak of the Government I mean the
Government as distinct and different from the in-
dividuals who, for the time being, aidminister it.
To further explain: I love and venerate the Gov-
ernment and the Constitution defining its powers,
and 1 maintain a proper respect for the authori-
ties elected or appointed under it; but I reserve
the right to examine into their official conduct and
to express my disapproval of their acts if they do
not accord with my sense of propriety and jus-
tice, even though such acts maybe those of a con-
stitutionally elected President. I say I claim the
right to disapprove, as I do,*t>f many of the official
acts of Abraham Lincoln, the President of the Uni-
ted States. To this extent, no more, has the Demo-
cratic party sinned; and what sincere and candid
friend of free speech can arraign them for that?
Having, Mr. Speaker, referred to these un-
founded charges against the Democratic party, so
far as I consider them worthy of notice, I desire
somewhat to examine the claims of their oppo-
nents to all the political virtues which they so
boastingly put forth. Let us see, also, whether
these professions of desire to restore the Union are
founded in truth or conceived in a genuine spirit
of patriotism. They assert that the institution
of slavery is the primary cause of this war, and
that it should, therefore, be no longer allowed to
exist. At first blush theassertion appears to have
considerable force, and the consequence which
they insist should attend seems to follow natu-
rally enough. I deny, however, slavery to have
been the origin of all our evils; but admitting, for
the sake of the argument, that it was,upon reflec-
tion it will be found that the question still arises,
is its utter annihilation at the present time, and
in the present condition of the country and that
of the negro race, the proper remedy? As well
might it be contended that the utter destruction
of life is the best mode of relieving long-con-
tinued bodily ailment. No sensible physician
would either in theory or practice advocate such
a treatment, and yet in what respect do the cases
differ? The immediate abolition of slavery no
one will deny strikes a death-blow at the very
existence of the communities whose people are
said to be cursed with the institution. A safer
and more certain method to restore them to polit-
ical health would be a resort to gradual emanci-
pation or some other measure of a like nature.
It might at least have been allowed consideration,
for it should not be forgotten that the southern
people themselvesare not wholly accountable for
the evil of slavery. Their brethren of the North
arc more responsible for its introduction among
them, and should therefore be the last to demand
that their title to what has always been recog-
nized as property should be destroyed merely to
satisfy the inordinate cravings of fanaticism. For
one I can never consent to the adoption of a meas-
ure which must utterly abrogate their former ac-
knowledged rights and destroy their political ex-
istence, and thus deprive them of a participation
in the blessings enjoyed by other poitions of the
country to whose birth and prosperity they have
so largely contributed by their willing sacrifice
of blood and treasure.
But passing over this question and conceding,
if you please, for argument's sake, the position of
our opponents, what justification can they pos-
sibly find for their attempt to enact laws depriving
innocent offspring of lands owned by their fore-
fathers, and thus robbing them of their lawful in-
heritance, to be parceled out among these liber-
ated slaves ? This is an assumption of power in
direct violation of the Constitution, quite as much
so as would be a law for the utter abolition of
slavery. And yet we have had not even a hint
of a proposition to amend that instrument so us
to permit of confiscation. And why? Was it
because that, unlike the slavery agitation, there
was no political capital to be made from such a
proposition, and because they feared that a prop-
osition so outrageous might lead to a more care-
ful inquiry and scrutiny into their acts by the
people, and result in the raising of a whirlwind
the effects of which no political organization could
withstand? It would seem so, at all events.
Again, why are we not asked to amend tha
Constitution so as to confer greater powers upon
the Administration to justify them in their unwar-
