1970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
character through any instrumentality of mine.
I wish to say that in introducing the resolution
which preceded the present resolution I did not
undertake it on my own motion. I was preceded
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania himself,
who undertook, though unsuccessfully, to insti-
tute this investigation. I repeat that I regret ex-
ceedingly that I yielded the floor to the gentleman
from New York. I should, not had I known the
course of debate he proposed to indulge in. I
think I ought to be permitted to say, after what
has transpired, that there is no manin this House
who has a firmer confidence in the Secretary of
the Treasury than myself.
The -SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order in referring to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, unless the consent of the House is given.
Mr. SHANNON. I object.
Mr. DAWES. 1 was aware that I was not
confining myself to the resolution; but I thought I
had the permission of the House to make an ex-
planation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not put the
question to the House on giving the gentleman
permission.
Mr. DAWES. I am aware that I am out of
order irwsaymg what I propose to say; and I
will not undertake to say it without that permis-
sion. I ask it.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. ARNOLD. I rise to a point of order. I
understood that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts asked and obtained leave to make this expla-
nation.
The SPEAICER. The Chair does not under-
stand that leave was obtained.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the gentleman be permitted to proceed in order.
The SPEAKER. That would leave the mat-
ter precisely where it is now.
Mr. DAWES. I will not without the leave of
the House attempt to proceed. I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER 05" BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order,
the morning hour having expired, is the bill in
regard to the rebellious States, upon which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCOFIELD took the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state before
the gentleman from Pennsylvania proceeds, that
under the order of the House the evening sessions
continue until otherwise ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the evening sessions be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the order we are now entering uppn will be the
special order until the adjournment, unless the
House previously goes into the Committee of the
Whole, or by unanimous consent proceeds to the
consideration of other business.
Mr. COX. I thought the evening sessions
were to continue only until the tax bill was dis-
posed of.
The SPEAKER. They were to continue until
otherwise ordered. The gentleman from Illinois
moves that the evening sessions be dispensed
with from and after to-day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ifit is desir-
able for the House to have evening sessions for
discussion only and not for business I have no
objection. We have full time to do all our busi-
ness by daylight, and 1 object to evening ses-
sions for business.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will not yield to the mo-
tion now, but when I get through gentlemen will
have an opportunity to settle the matter.
I he SPEAKER. If the gentleman desires to
speak a full hour, he will be taken off the flooi
hy the arrival of the hour of four and a half
o'clock. At that time the Chair will have to de-
clare a recess whether the gentleman is through
or not.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I shall not occupy my full
hour. However, I will yield to the wishes of gen-
tlemen.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man says he will yield that we may determine
the question whether we will have an evening
session or not.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the House will con-
sent to have evening sessions, as there are so
many gentlemen who desire to speak upon the
matter now before the House, but with the un-
derstanding that no business should be done.
Mr. PENDLETON. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the evening sessions be continued for discussion
only, and not for business.
The SPEAKER. That motion can be adopted
by a majority vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I demand
the previous question upon it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. PENDLETON. Can a majority of the
House make the order?
The SPEAKER. A majority of the House
can change the order of business. The whole
order of business has been under the control of a
majority of the House since the tax bill was taken
up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
So it was agreed that there should be evening
sessions for debate only, and that no business
should be transacted.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to know whether it
is understood that we can go on with the same
subject and debate it?
TThe SPEAKER. If at the time of taking the
recess the bill in relation to the rebellious States
is under consideration, that subject will be de-
bated during the evening session.
Mr. GANSON. I desire to know whether the
discussion can be upon matters of business before
Congress, or whether it must be upon matters
foreign to business?
The SPEAKER. That will depend entiiely
upon thcaction of the House. If when the House
takes a recess they are discussing the rebellious
States, that, being a special order, will be the only
subject under discussion during the evening. If
the House should be In Committee of the Whole
upon the President's message, debate would be
unlimited.
Mr. GANSON. 1 understood that the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois precluded the
right to talk upon matters of business during the
evening session.
The SPEAKER. That is not so.
TIIE REBELLIOUS STATES.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The continuity of consti-
tutional government in the seceded States has
been broken, the regular transmission of political
power interrupted. How shall the severed thread
be joined? By the unconstrained action of the
people themselves, say the gentlemen in opposi-
tion. Very good, sir. I most heartily indorse
that sentiment. When the people of these States
shall voluntarily ground the arms of their rebel-
lion, and uncoerced take upon themselves the
easy yoke and light burden of the ever-gentle
Federal Government, it will mark a glad day in
these uncheerful years of our history. For one,
I will be ready to hail it. I presume! may speak
for my political associates; we will all be ready
to hail it. Your care-worn President and weary
Army—weaiy with, but not of, the battle—will
be ready to hail it. The Federal arm, now raised
in such terrible power in defense of the life and
liberties of the nation, will fall as gently us the
tenderest sympathizer will ask upon the heads
of repentant and pardoned offenders. But that
bright day does not yet dawn. These erring prod-
igals still prefer the husks of transgression to the
Jutted calf with which their old political allies
would entice them back to party, perhaps to duty.
Your calf has grown to be an ox, so long do they
tarty in revolt; and I fear they will continue to
neglect your feast until our gallant Army shall
bung them to their stomachs.
In the meanwhile some kind of government
ought to be established m those States from which
the hostile army has been excluded; and while
we wait the return of friendly popular action there,
Congress must legislate or leave the people in the
rough hand of military law. This bill, designed
to discharge that congressional duty, provides a
temporary government and a practical mode of
State restoration. 1 will notenterintoacnticism
of its many details, for I suppose they will be
generally acceptable to any one who concedes the
propriety of any congressional action. Its three
prohibitions, as it strikes me, are the most notice-
able and perhaps only debatable points. It pro-
hibits the assumption of rebel debts, prohibits
rebel officers from voting, and prohibits involun-
tary servitude.
The first 1 will pass by with the single remark
that to assume the rebel debt would be to offer a
high bounty for future rebellions, and I suppose
we will have enough of this one never to want
another.
I have but a word for the second prohibition.
The ballot is the sovereign of this country, and
if you permit these officers to vote you make
them, to the extent of their numbers and influ-
ence, the rulers of the land. To-day you meet
them in battle as outlaws and traitors, conquer
them, and crown them your king to-morrow. If
ordinary criminals are properly excluded from
the polls, upon what principle of comparative
justice can these men,guilty, notas subordinates
or accessories but as contrivers and leaders of a
crime recognized by all Governmentsas the high-
est or deepest that can be committed against
human laws, ask the high privilege of the ballot
through which they may complete the ruin of the
country they were not quite able to destroy in the
field? Of the third prohihiiion I have something
more to say.
Mr. Speaker, if God shall give us victory, and
enable us to subdue or scatter the army of the
enemy, is a voluntary reunion of the States pos-
sible ? I say voluntary because I suppose nobody
desires a Union always to be maintained by force;
and I use the word reunion because nobody pio-
poses a form of Government different from our
present system of State brotherhood. I am not
now speaking of the several plans of reconstruc-
tion, for they are designed only as temporary de-
vices, looking to a reunion—a kind of scaffolding
for repairs, to be torn away when the repairs are
completed. My question looks beyond the bat-
tle and beyond reconstiuction. When the victory
is won, if won it shall be, and the transition over,
will the insurgent States willingly stay where they
have been forcibly put in their old places in the old
Union? It has been said by gentlemen in oppo-
sition, and it seems to me with great truth, that
as atpresentconstituted or situated, they will not.
They disliked the Union three years ago too much
to remain m it, and dislike has deepened into hate
now by the severity of the war. They tell us
that Ireland, Poland, and Hungary—suggestive
names, I admit—after so many years of compul-
sory alliance, do not yet fraternize with their po-
litical associates. They still sigh for separation,
and impatiently await the opportune hour in which
to strike for independence. What then? Shall
these States be permitted to depart? No, sir. The
great Republic could not survive the amputation.
Shall they be retained,then, in the long future by
military force ? No, sir. Our own liberties could
not survive their permanent subjugation. When
the Federal Government becomes strong enough
to hold eleven States as colonies, it will be too
strong, I fear, for the people's liberties. To re-
peat my idea, if you allow a single stone to drop
from the national edifice, the whole structure
may fall; but if that stone must be held in its place
by drafts upon its surroundings, supporting noth-
ing itself, the building were stronger without it.
This brings me to the paradoxical conclusion that
we can neither allow these States to depart, nor
forever farce them to remain. How can the par-
adox be solved ? By making them willing to re-
main, or, if this language still sounds paradoxical,
I will say by removing all motive to depart. How
can that be done?
Mr. Speaker, similarity of ideas is the bond of
nationality. Contiguity of temtory is nothing,
natural boundaiies are nothing, except as they
are tributary to unityof thought. Iicland is in-
deed iestless,but her restlessness is not owing to
unslumbering animosities of civil wars. Such
wars have been more frequent and moie severe
between different parts of England and between
England and Scotland than they ever were be-
tween England and Ireland; and yet the people
of these sections of the British empire cordially
