1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dm
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been sustained on the pending amendments.
Mr. PENDLETON. I have no disposition to
cut off debate, and if the Chair will show me how
I can facilitate the gentleman from New York in
getting the floor to be heard, I will withdraw the
demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The first vote will be on the
pending amendments and then on the substitute.
That will exhaust the previous question. The
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Stebbins,] a
member of the Committee of Ways and Means,
gave notice that he then intended to move a sub-
stitute for the bill.  If he does not demand the
previous question, the bill would then be open to
debate.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire before we have action
on the bill to discuss the subject. I ask my col-
league whether it is not in his power to permit
discussion at the present time? My colleague
from the Utica district [Mr. Kernan] and myself
desire to be heard, and we will not occupy more
than twenty or forty minutes. 1 do not know of
any other who desires to speak.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio withdraw the demand for thepreviousques-
tion ?
Mr. PENDLETON. If I can make an ar-
rangement by which the gentleman fiom New
York [Mr. Stebbins] will allow his colleagues to
be heard, I will be glad to withdiaw the demand
for the previous question. I understand the gen-
tleman declines, and that he will call the previous
question as soon as he submits his substitute.
Mr. BROOKS. Do I understand the gentle-
man from New York to decline to give us any fur-
ther opportunity for discussing tins bill?
Mr. STEBBINS. I desire a vote upon this bill
to-day.
Mr. COX. Then 1 hope we will vote down the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
know whether but one side is to be heard upon
this question.
Mr. PENDLETON. As the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Stebbins] will not facilitate the
request for further debate, 1 shall insist upon my
demand for the previous question upon the reso-
lution and the amendments.
Mr. STEVENS demanded telleisupon the pre-
vious question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Brooks and
Stevens were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 64, noes 33.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question first rcoui red on adding to the fol-
lowing amendment, ofFered by Mr. Cox—
Pioiiidrrf, That before any such sale shall take place, at
lea^-t fiw day*' public notice shall be civeuot the time and
place loi ma; bids: *rtnd jiiocidcd fmthei, That the
Secretary of the Trear-ury may, if be deem- it tor the pub
he iMeie-r, witlidiaw fiom the maiket any gold offered at
any time beloie a bit! is actually accepted—
the following amendment olTu\d by Mr. Du-
al ont:
*flrul piovidcd fvithcr, That the Peejctaiy of the Tieas-
ury i h.tll ma •><•'!) any yold under thi^ act without the ad-
\ ice and consent ot uie other Ev utive IVpattments. ot
the Guvet iimenr; and that the operation of this act shall
cease in one year alter the parage of this act.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question iccurring upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Cox,
Mr. IJ OLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 49, nays G6; as follows:
YEA^—Aueona, Haily. Augu-tu^ C. Baldwin,
Jacob 15. iUuii. Bhis, Biook>. Janie- fr. B>o\vn, William
G. Biown. Cli.uilei, Glay, Cull'mili. Co\, Pinnoiit. Eden,
Ehlndge, Eitick, Fiank, G.inson. Halo, Hall. Harduu?, Ilar-
nuiiton, Chalks M. Flatus, IJohnan, William Johnson,
Kalbflei^rh, K^tnatt, Eaw. Ee Biond. .McDowell, McKiu-
ney. MnMietoivfamoe I . Mom?. Mom-ou. N< Uon,Noble,
John U'\nl. I'eruileton, I'ltn.n, Samuel J, Ttandail, James
S. KolhiH, s^ett, Stiles, Stuart, Thomas, Tiaey,
Waul, ami Jo-Lpb VV. Wlute—-19
NAVs—Allison, Amc-j. A^biey, John D. Bald-
win. Baxter, Beamati. Blow. Boiuwil, Biootnall, Ambiose
V\f, Claik. Kiet man Oiaike, Cobb. ('ole.Cic-wcl!, Dawes,
Dixon. Doiimllv, Di jlckley, Elmt. Fain-woi th. Gar-
field, Grinneli. llunpt i, botcl'ku--. A^-aliel W. Hubbaid,
John 11. [lubbrml. Julian. ICa^son. Kelif \, Fiai.ci^ W. Kej-
locy. Loan, Loniryear, Eovejoy, Maivin, .MeBride, Mc-
<^lnr<ij Melndrte, Samuel F. Miller. Moi till, Daniel Moiris,
Amos'Myers, Nonon,CluuiehO\\TeiiJj OitiijPei ham, Pike,
Price, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice,Schenck, Scofield,
Shannon, Smith, Spalding, Stebbins, Stevens, Thayer,
Upson, Van Valkenburgh, William B. Washburn, Whaley,
Williams, Wilder, Window, and Woodbridgc—66.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question next recurred upon the adoption
of the following substitute for the bill, offered by
Mr. Boutwell:
That the Secretary be authorized to anticipate the pay-
ment of the interest on the public debt from time to time
upon a rebate of interest by the holders of coupons at the
rate of six per cent, per annum—
in lieu of the following substitute offered by Mr.
Long:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized and
roquned to use, from time to time, any surplus of gold in
the Treasury of the United States in the payment of the
soldiers in the field, and that in making such payments he
shall use piecaution that in a series of months the amount
of gold so used bo distributed proportionally between the
different divisions of the Army.
The substitute for the substitute adopted.
The question recurred on striking out the whole
of the bill after the enacting clause, and inserting
in lieu thereof the substitute just adopted.
The substitute for the resolution was adopted.
The question recurred on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. KASSON. I would inquire what has be-
come of the substitute which 1 understood the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Stebbins] intended
to offer.
The SPEAKER.. It was cutoff by the House
seconding the demand for the previous question
on the resolution and amendments, which confined
the question to the original resolution and the pend-
ing amendments.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask unanimous consent,
before the engrossment and third reading of the
bill, to modify it so as to make it read, "either
with or without rebate of interest, as to him may
seem expedient."
Nu objection being made, the bill was modified
accordingly.
Mr. LOVEJOY. We understood from the
statement of the Chair that the previous question
would not exclude the substitute offered by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Stebbins.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair expressly stated
that if the previous question should be sustained
on the bill and amendments, it would cut oil' all
amendments except by unanimous consent, until
the bill had been ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is it in order now to move
to rcconsider the vote by which the main question
was ordered ?
The SPEAKER. It is not until the previous
question has exhausted itself, and it will not ex-
haust itself until the bill has been read a third time.
The bill was oidered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was according-
ly read the third time.
" Air. STEVENS. I was called out of tiie Hall
fur a moment, and I would inquire if the substi-
tute of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Boutweli.] lias been adopted.
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I shall vote against the
whole bill.
Mr. PENDLETON. I demand the previous
question on tire passage of the bill.
Mr. HOOPER. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to make an inquiry of my colleague,
[Mr. Boutwell.]
There was no objection.
Ml. HOOPER. I want to ask my colleague if
the effect of the bill with his amendment is not
to use the gold or the proceeds of the gold for the
benefit of creditors of the G-overnment holding the
bonds and to whom it is not due, and to prevent
the amount being paid to the soldiers and other
creditors of the Government to whom it is over-
due? That will be the effect of this bill, as 1 un-
derstand it, with the amendment of my colleague.
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 understand that the
effect of the bill, as it has been adopted by the
House, is to enable the Secretary of the Treasury
to anticipate the payment of the interest coupons
ill gold, for the purpose, as was suggested by the
Committee of Ways and Means, ot relieving the
public Treasury of a surplus quantity of gold,
which is in fact merely temporary, but which they
alleged was embarrassing the business of the coun-
try. It is not a question between the soldiers and
the public creditors. The faith of the country is
already pledged to pay the interest on the public
debt in coin, and any proposition to divert the
coin on hand from that purpose is, in my judg-
ment, a violation of public faith, calculated to un-
dermine the credit of the country. "
Mr. HOOPER. The original bill proposed the
sale of the surplus of gold in the Treasury beyond
what was required to pay the interest on the fiu'b-
licdebtand other purposes. Wag the public faith
pledged to pay this surplus, beyond what is
cessary to pay the interest, to the bondholders ill
anticipation of its being due them?
Several Members objected to further debate.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered. « ^
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Arnold, Ashley, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin, Beaman, Bliss, Boutweli, Braiidegee,
Brooks, Chanter, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Clay,
Cobb, Coffroth, Cole, Cox, Dawes, Dawson, Deming, Du-
mont. Eden, Eldridge, Eliot, Fmck, Frank, Ganson, Grin-
neli, Hale,Hail. Harrington, [loiman, Ilotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Jolm H. Hubbard, William Johnson, Julian, Kaib-
fleisch, FianetsVV. Kellogg, Kernan, Knapp, Law, Lazear,
L,e Blond, Mattmy, Maivui, McDowell, Meldoc^ MeKin-
ney, Middleton, Moorhead, Morrill; Daniel Moms, James
i;. Morus,Momson, Amos Mjers, Nelson,Noble,Charles
O'Neill, John O'Neill, I'endteton, l'erliam, Price, Pruyn,
Samuel J. Randall, Alexander II. Riee, John II. Riee,
Rogers, James S. Rollins, Schenck, Scott, Starr, John B.
Steele, Stiles, Stuait, Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Upson,
Van Valkenburgh, Wadswurth, Ward, Wcbstei, Wlialey,
Whepier, Joseph W. White, Wilson, Windoni, and Wond-
bi idee—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Allev, Ames, Baiiy, John D. Baldwin,
Baxter, Blow, Boyd, Broomaii, William G. Blown, Dixon,
Donnelly, Diiggs, Farnswurth, Garfield, Hooper, Ilulburd,
Ivas=ori,~Ke!!ey, Loan, Longyear, Lovejoy, MeBride, Mc-
Ciiirg.Noiloii/Oilli, Pike, Scofield, Shannon, Smith,Spal-
ding, Stebbins, Stevens, William B. Washburn, Wiiliains,
and Wilder—36.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. SMITH stated that Mr. Randall was
absent in consequence of indisposition.
Mr." CHANLEIl announced that Mr. FER-i
nando AVood was detained at his house by sick-
ness.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to amend the title
by striking out the present title and inserting in
lieu thereof the following;
An aet to authorize the Secretary of the Trea?ury to an-
ticipate tile payment of inter,vt on the public debt.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish the gentleman from
Massachusetts to give me an opportunity to say
a few words of explanation.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The matter is beyond my
control.
Mr BROOKS. 1 ask unanimous consent.
There was no objection.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 desired originally to make
somereinaiks upon the lull, but was prevented
by what 1 deemed discourtesy on the part of my
colleague, [Mr. Stebbins.] My colleague has
since explained it to me very satisfactorily. As
it is altogether unnecessary now to say anything
as to the merits of the bill, I will simply say that
1 I am glad it has passed in its present form.
! Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the vote
: by which the amendment to the title was agreed
; to: and also moved to lay the motion to lecon-
i sider on the table.
I The latter motion was agreed to.
i °
I CALL OF COfiJIITTEES.
The SPE VKER proceeded, ns the next busi-
ness in ordi r, to call on committees for reports,
beginning with the Committee on Revolutionary
■ Claims.
I INDIAN DEPREDATIONS IX NEW MEXICO.
I Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on Indian
< Affairs, repented back adversely a bill providing
] for the examination of claims for Indian depre-
I dations in the Territory of New Mexico; which
! was laid on the table.
