1972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
bowie-knife, and the bludgeon are its chief minis-
ters of justice. Professing to be constitutional, it
suspends the great writ of liberty in time of peace,
tramples down the trial by jury when found in
it  way, contracts freedom of speech-to the right
to advocate its- unchristian cause, revives con-
structive treason, and in Philadelphia, Boston,
and Kansas indicts of that high crime respectable
citizens who spoke too rudely of its traffic in men.
All this, and much more, 1 have omitted because
they were not in the line of my present purpose.
And nowlcall upon those gentlemen who think
there are some concessions within the range of
possibility which if made would conciliate the
slave power, and restore the Union without the
necessity of. resorting to emancipation, to point
out what they are. Name the items. Of course
you will not mention the proclamation, confisca-
tion, and what you call the unconstitutional acts
of the Administration, for the rebellion preceded
all these; On the territorial question there was
nothing left to concede. The Wilmot proviso
had been voted down, the Missouri compromise
repealed, and the Dred Scottopinion ordered and
obtained. Even James Buchanan, so gifted in
abasement, could find nothing more in the shape
of. theory to give them, and in its stead tendered
them the low villainy of Lecompton. The fugi-
tive,act of 1850, with its slave-hunting officers,
the posse comitatus, the conclusive affidavit of the
master, habeas corpus and trial by jury abolished,
and the United States to foot the bill, left nothing
more to be conceded here.
Concession exhausted and conciliation still a
failure! Hereafter let all concession be in favor
of freedom; and in all oRr legislation let us ap-
proximate, as rapidly as the interests of the two
raccs will permit, the homogeneity of universal
emancipation, and upon that basis make the Union
perpetual.
Mr. DAWSON obtained the floor.
Mr. LAZEAR. Will my colleague yield to
me to move a recess ?
Mr. DAWSON. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. LAZEAR, (at twenty-five minutes after
four o'clock, p. m.) I move that the House take
a recess.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me to offer a resolution
to which 1 think there will lie no objection.
Mr. DAWSON. I will yield for that purpose
if my colleague will withdraw his motion for a
recesa.
Mr. ANCONA. I object to the gentleman
yielding.
The question was taken on Mr. Lazear's
motion; and tin1 Houm; refused to take a recess.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Dawson] will proceed with his re-
marks.
Mr. HOLM AN. 1 suggest that the gentleman
from Ohio be permitted to offer his resolution now,
and that we then take a recess. At least let it be
read for information.
Mr. DAWSON. I give way for that purpose.
CHARGES AGAINST SECRETARY CHASE.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask leave to offer the
preamble and resolution which i send to the
Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read the preamble and resolution, as
follows:
Whereas in the House of Representatives, on tljo 2;)d
instant, Uon. Francis i'. Blair, jr., made the following
declarations, as reported in the Giotto:
"Mr. Blair, of Mis^omi, (requiting.) Now, F propose
to feliow that the Secretuiy or' the Treasury, will) ail the
commerce of the countiy in his hand.*, with" the collection
of our foreign revenues and ol the va-t internal icvenues
in his hands, is using thc*>e abandoned plantations? and
grasping at till power tuid pationagc for tin- putpofee of pio-
vidmg a fund to carry on the operations of the Potixjioy
committee to cany on his. war agann-t the Administration
wliioh i^avt: linn place." ******
"Nobody is simple enough to believe that the distin-
guished Secretary lias really retired irom the canvavj for
the nomination to the Presidency, although ho ha«  writ-
ten a letter declining to be a candidate. That !<-ttei was
written because the Quietly puvate' circular of thePome-
roy committee unearthed hib underground and undethand
intrigue against the President. It wa^ such a dt*giacelui
ond di«gu<ting «)£ht to make usf> of the patronage ami power
given him by the President against his, chief, that ev«n
Chase got ashamed to occupy feueh a portion pnbhcly. For
that reason his letter was written; he wanted to get down
undei the ground and work there in the daik a* he is now
doing, and running the Pomeroy machine on the public
money as vigorously as ever."
And whcrea< in the World, a journal published in Now
York ou the 2btli instant, u is declared thatii developments
of the most astounding character have just come to light in
the fiactioual currency and punting bureau* over winch
Mr. Clark preside*;'' and the Constitutional Union of this
city,in its number of the 28tli instant, declares a* follows :
ee If this whole bureau i& so utterly foui and eoirupt us the
prevalent rutnois wonid indicate, there is no security for
the aceuiacy and integrity of us woik; because a shame-
less disregard of morality and decency m any vital point of
conduct is certain to taint the whole character and entail
a thorough demoralization in all its aspects. It would in-
deed be a frightful thing, were if true, that the manufacture
of paper money by the Government is. placed in the hands
of persons known to be guilty of the groc<? delinquencies
freely charged upon one of the leading officers of the Treas-
ury Department."
And whereas lion. James Brooks, a member of this
House, has this day, m his place here, repeated the sub-
stance of the above charges : Therefore,
Resolved, That a committee of five bo appointed by the
Speaker of the Hou®e to investigate and report upon the
truth of the allegations above quoted and of any other alle-
gations which have been "or may be made affecting the in-
tegrity of the Administration in theTieatuiy Department;
and that stud committee have power to send for persons and
papers and to employ a stcnogi apitei.
Mr. ANCONA, (in his seat.) I object to the
resolution.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Who objects?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, Mr. Ancona.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let it go
upon the lecord that the resolution was objected
to on the other side of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope my friend from Penn-
sylvania will withdraw his objection. I make
the point of order that no gentleman rose in his
place and objected.
The SPEAKER. The Chairsustains the point
of order. The Chair has repeatedly decided that
gentlemen making objections must rise.
Mr. ANCONA, (rising.) I object now.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That objec-
tion is good, and it comes from the other side of
the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 wish to say that we on this
side of the House are very anxious to have this
investigation.
The hour of half past four having arrived, the
House now took a recess until seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven o'clock, p.
m., very few members being present.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to take a furtherrecess
for fifteen minutes.-
The motion was agreed to.
The House again came to order at a quarter
past seven o'clock, p. m., and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill in reference to the
REBELLIOUS STATKS.
Mr. DAWSON resumed the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask my colleague if he will
allow me one moment to offer an amendment to
the bill, merely for the purpose of having it printed,
it is a substitute for the bill now underconsidera-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The order of the House was
that no business should be done at this evening Js
session. But the Chair supposes the gentleman
can give notice of his amendment; it would not
be in order now, because there is a motion to re-
commit pending.
Mr. STEVENS. Who has control of the mo-
tion to recommit?
The SPEAKER. It is in the power of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mi. Ashley.] The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania can give notice of his
amendment, however, arid move to have it printed.
Mr. STEVENS. [ then give notice of my
amendment, and I ask that it be pointed.
ft was so ordered.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. Speaker, this is the ear-
liest moment that I have been able to get the floor,
to say that the gentleman who represents the
district of Pittsburg [Mr. Moorhead] has seen
proper to make my speech of the 24ih of February
the subjcct of one delivered by himselfon the 26th
ultimo. I regret that 1 cannot characterize the
gentleman's effort as an argument. There is,in-
deed, very littie in it that rises to that level. I
had scarcely supposed it necessary to notice it on
this floor. It is profuse in denunciations of dis-
loyalty and of alleged sympathizes with the re-
bellion. They constitute, indeed, the staple of his
speech. While to me he disavows any intention
of giving them a personal bearing, yet by impli-
cation they are regarded as personal, and his
friends, at least, have made the application.
In his opening remark,in the declaration that
1 had stated with great frankness and clearness
the grounds of my opposition to the war, he haa
been guilty of a gross misstatement. In common
with the party with which I have the honor to
act, from its first outbreak I accepted the war as a
necessity, and, while I have fearlessly condemned
the policy which governs it, have never hesitated
to supportit within what I deemed the constitu-
tional limits. The Democratic party have acted
throughout these trying troubles with a magna-
nimity and greatness of purpose that no other
political organization ever exhibited. They did
try to avoid the war. War is the greatest of all
national misfortunes; a civil war is the worst of
wars, and this promised to be the most gigantic
of civil wars. They opposed abolitionism be-
cause they knew it would bring war and desola-
tion in its train. They tried their utmost to bring
all difficulties between the North and the South
to a peaceful and an honorable settlement; and
they failed not for want of will but want of power.
When the war came, when the vindictive stub-
bornness of abolitionists and secessionists left no
choice but support of the Government by arms
or submission to a rupture of the Union, the De-
mocracy offered their blood and money for the
Union freely, without stint, without reservation,
without measure. All they asked in return was
that the party in power should conduct it honestly
and fairly, for the purpose of restoring the Union
and saving the Constitution.
My colleague falls readily into the trite and
well-worn style of reply which his party leaders
have taught him. If any Democrat objects to
an act of the Administration, he raises the cry of
disloyalty, and insists that we shouldemploy our
time solely in denouncing secession. If we see
the mofiey of the nation squandered, the Consti-
tution trampled upon,the laws disregarded,pub-
lic liberty endangered, the right of suffrage taken
away, the freedom of speech and of the press re-
stricted and punished, the Union for which we
are bleeding laughed at as a thing of the past,
we must, according to my colleague's code of
political morals, find no fault with those who do
these wrongs, ask for no reform, seek no change.
The respect 1 have for my colleague forbids me
to say that this is the mere twaddle of the dema-
gogue. Such abject submission is only fit for a
slave, wholly unfit for a freeman.
He pronounces a eulogy upon General Cass.
That great old man will be filled with grief if
he hears that an avowed and open abolitionist has
spoken of him in such terms. It was heartless
cruelty to vex the evening of that venerable pa-
triot's life by praise which implies that his whole
public carecr has been a false one. What has
General Cass done to deserve such a eulogy from
him? He claims the right to speak of him be-
cause " he and I once and again, but vainly, la-
bored" to make him President. It is true that
while my colleague professed to be a Democrat
he also professed to be a Cass man. After the
battle of Buena Vista, however, he deserted his
friend Cass and went over to General Taylor.
The Whigs of that day were not willing that
" Rough and Ready" should be so unceremoni-
ously appropriated, and my colleague early in
1848 came back to General Cass with professions
of loud devotion, quite as loud as they are now
for Abraham Lincoln. After the October elec-
tions of that year which indicated that General
Taylor was to be the lucky candidate, my col-
league's zeal suddenly evaporated, and at the
presidential election which followed he failed to
vote for General Cass.
My colleague has repeated what he alleges was
said to him by General Cass. It is not in good
taste, nor is it by any means a safe practice, to
repeat private conversations. The old-fashioned
notions of society which regulated intercourse
between well-bred people always discountenanced
the practice. I know my colleague with a manly
bearing condemned the stone-breakers for their
private revelations in the memorable contest in
1838, when he and I joined hands for the elevation
of David R. Porter to the chief magistracy of
Pennsylvania. But having assumed the responsi-
bility to repeat, he has no right to report him in
a way which would make the General seem false
to the faith of his fathers. I tell my colleague
that that great man for more than twenty years
had warned the country that the Union would be
