1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
997
printed, and so that we may see whether there is
any back-handed strike at any general now un-
happily unemployed.
Mr. SCHENCK. If my colleague will deal in
direct inquiry I will understand him. I do not
understand or regard his insinuations. There is
nothing in the resolution I do not clearly under-
stand. There is nothing concealed in it. If my
colleague wants to know whether it includesone
general or another, and will ask the question, if
it be in my power I will answer. There is noth-
ing concealed in it, and there is no propriety in
intimating such a thing. But I cannot allow it to
go over upon the mere suspicion that there is some-
thing wrong, when we know that nothing wrong
or sinister is intended, and when we repel any
such insinuations.
Mr. COX. The gentleman need not repel any
insinuation until I make it upon him. I do not
know whether this bill strikes at Fremont or Mc-
Clellan or 
Mr. SCHENCK. It strikes neither.
Mr. COX. I do not know but that the gentle-
man may himself misinterpret the effect of this
bill, if not its intent. I would like to understand
what it does mean. I do not take things for
granted simply because they come from the Mil-
itary Committee, or because they come fiom that
side of the House. I want to understand it for
myself, when I am called on to strike off thirty-
nine officers in certain conditions from certain
employments. Who is to be helped by it? Is
there to be any saving to the Government m this
way? Are others to be appointed in the places
of those struck down? Let us understand what
it does moan. I do not deal in insinuations at all,
but I want to make charges openly and boldly
when I can understand the intent and meaning
of this bill.
I do not know that the gentleman from Ohio
intends to strikeat Fremontor McClellan,oraiiy
other meritorious officers; butgive us at least the
opportunity to have this bill printed and dis-
cussed fairly: and I for one will give itafair dis-
cussion.
I do not stand here the advocate of any man
unemployed. I know, so far as General McClcl-
Ian is concerned, he docs not ask any favor from
that side of the House. If they choose to force
him out of the service or to resign, let them pur-
sue that course. If they propose to take from
him his pay, let them go on and do so. Ho has
lost already in the public service every dollar he
has made in civil life. He is no\v reduced in pay,
and it may be the object of this bill, so far as I
know, to strike off*the pay which properly belongs
to him. I want this thing fully examined, and
to sccure that was the only objectof the interrup-
tion 1 have made.
Mr. SCHENCK. My colleague being through,
1 will simply say that when this joint resolution
was proposed to be reported several weeks ago
from the Committee on Military Affaus, and
biought to the attention of the House by being
read at the Clerk's desk, my colleague [Mr. CoxJ
objected upon the ground that he supposed there
might be a cat under the meal. I do not know
as i use his exact language.
Mr. COX. .No, sir. 1 do not use such ex-
pressions yet.
Mr. .SCHENCK. My colleague suspected
some covert d< si<:n; my colleague thought some-
body was struck ui. 1 think I have his words
now. Accordingly, as it required the unanimous
consent of the llouse to introduce the resolution
as offered, it was at that time withdrawn because
of that objection made by my colleague But al-
though it was withdrawn it went into the debates
of the day; it was punted, and went into the news-
popeis of the country as being a proposition
of gieat public, interest, and worthy of being re-
peated by those who cater for the public taste
and information. Now my colleague is not apt
to shut his eyes to what is contained in the news-
papers. He is keen, he is shrewd, he is critical,
as we have seen to-day; and i cannot but believe
that when this bill pioposed in the House passed
into the public prints of the day my colleague
took an opportunity to see what it was. He,
ha\ing a mind of that class and character, I am
sine must have understood it; because I appeal
to this House on all sides whether the provisions
of this bill, simply as read at the Clerk's desk,
are not of so clear and distinct and precise a
character as to be capable of being comprehended
without even any special shrewdness in order to
guide one to a proper conclusion as to whatis in-
tended.
Mr. COX. I will say to my colleague, so far
as that is concerned, that I have been in the habit
of looking at our files for the bills to be passed upon
by us. I have not seen this bill in the newspa-
pers, or in the Congressional Globe. It was re-
ferred baek to the gentleman's committee, and
now, for the first time, is brought into the House
in form, and pressed upon us for passage.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, this bill is re-
ported in this state of facts, and my colleague com-
pels me to repeat them. We find by official re-
port that at the time that report was made, some
weeks since, there were twenty-five unemployed
generalofficers,fourteenmajorgeneralsandeleven
brigadier generals entirely unemployed. At the
same time there were thirty-nine employed, some
of them in duties according with thek grades and
others in duties not according with their grades.
There were, in short, sixty-four general officers
without any command. It was not thought proper
by the Committee on Military Affairs, observing
this crying evil, observing this large number of
general officers drawing from the United States
pay amounting in the aggregate to something like
three hundred thousand dollars a year, to propose
to drop them from the rolls arbitrarily, to dismiss
them from the service; but it was thought right to
appeal to the Executive and to say to him, as we
do virtually say by this joint resolution, " Here
you have, at great expense to the country, a laige
number of officers entirely unemployed. As to
them we ask you to give them some employment,
or else we, by legislative action, will diiect them
to be dropped from the rolls. There are others,
some of whom are not employed in duties appro-
priate to their ranks; we ask you, as to them, to
give them proper and appropriate employment,
and not employ them m duties that should be per-
formed by subordinates. If you do not, we will
have to tieat them m like manner by legislation.''
This is a warning to the Executive. Itis instruc-
tions to the Executive. And its action is contin-
gent on what shall be the action of the Executive.
No w. 1 d<> not tn jnk it needs that 1 should defend
the motives of the Military Committee in propos-
ing a bill of this kind. The general demand of
the country is but responded to by such a reso-
lution. The general need of something to be done
is but responded to. It is but answering to that
general demand, and providing for that general
need, that something shall be done to correct this
evil. The committee reports it without relet ence
to any particular individual or officer who may
or may not be affected by it.
The gentleman [Mr. Cox] has managed to get
off a speech m legard to MrClelkin. it was en-
tirely uncalled lur. General McClellan will be
affected by the provisions of this bill unless Gen-
eral McClellan be employed. Gencial Fremont
will, in like manner, be affected unless General
Fremont be employed. And so with General
Buell and other general officers.
1 have nothing to say on the merits or dements
of any of these ofiiceis, whose friends may be on
the one oi on the other side of this House. All
that I say and that 1 report is, that a public ne-
cessity exists for correcting this evil, and the com-
mittee has sought to correct it. I will not even
be drawn into any inquiry as to the merits, com-
parative or intrinsic, of any of these officers. It
does not need that I shall respond to anything
said by gentlemen on the other side of the House.
It does not need that I should enter into a dis-
cussion involving the merits, the capacity, the
gallantry, the deeds, or the character of any ot
these officers. All 1 say is, that the legislative
department of the Government desires that the
country shall not be t-ixed to keep up a large num-
ber of officers who are rendering no service as an
equivalentforthc pay that they receive^ The reso-
lution recites, not as a part of its effective matter,
but as a portion of the preamble inducing to the
effective part, that there arc a great number of
officers who are now performing duties that per-
tain to subordinate officers. There are colonels,
mciitorimis, gallant men, covered with scars and
glory, m the armies of the Potomac and of the
Southwest, who have gone through battle after
battle, who have served year after year.and who
are not merely for months, but almost for yeaus
in the command of brigades, having att the re-
sponsibilities, ail the duties, all the obligations,
everything except the rank and pay appurtenant
to the, position which they have been filling. One
effect of the passage of this measure will be, that
while we, set aside those who tu$'faot performing
the duties appropriate to their rank, we shall, by
thus setting them aside, make openings for the
gallant officers who have been bearing the heat
and burden of the day;' who have been doing the
work while these other gentlemen have been draw-
ing the pay.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman if there is not now authority in the
President to drop these general officers, without
any resolution whatever, and>whether they can-
not be dropped without any further legislation
upon the part of Congress?
Mr. SCHENCK. He has power to dismiss
them from the Army, hut,that would imply some-
thing wrong on their part. We desire no such
thing. We desire that by our legislation officers,
who have been and shall be for a long time en-
tirely unemployed, may be simply dropped from
the rolls of the Army by virtue of that legislation,
without implying anything wrong on their part,
or attaching any disgrace or dishonor to tnem.
For the President to dismiss them absolutely arid
arbitrarily would imply impropriety on their part.
Mr. G ANSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio if the committee have any information
why these officers are not employee!?
Mr. SCHENCK. We have not. I have no
doubt that some of them ought to be employed,
who ought to have commands assigned them,
wlule there are others who, perhaps, ought to be
employed in different vocations than the military
service.
Mr. KERNAN. As I understand this resolu-
tion, its effect is absolutely to drop from the rolls
of the Army every officer who has been unem-
ployed for a certain length of time on the 15th of
this month.
Mr. SCHENCK. And who shall be unem-
ployed then.
Mr. KERNAN. Now, does the committee
doubt that some of these officers who would be
included in that category are meritorious officers?
If so, they ought not to be thus dropped out be-
cause they have not been employed by any au-
thority. It seems to me it is important that the
men who are not fit for these places should be
dismissed, or in some way be taken out of the
service, while it is more important for us to retain
those who have merit,and I think the resolution
should provide some mode of discriminating be-
tween these classes of officers.
- in conversation the other day with an officer
holding a high position in. the military service,
while alluding to these unemployed officers, he
said there weie many of them who were never
fit to bold the positions they occupied and ought
to be dismissed, while there wercothers who were
meritorious officers and ought to be retained; that
there should not beageneiul dismissal of all this
class of officers without discrimination as to
whether they had merit or not. I hope the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs will perfect some meas-
ure by which that discrimination shall be made,
and not require the House to pass to-day upon
so sweeping a measure as this.
Mr. SCHENCK. I infer from the inquiries of
the gentleman that he is of the opinion that there
are among the unemployed officers, and among
those not employed in positions suitable to their
rank, those who ought to be employed differently.
Mr. KERNAN. 1 have not that information
which would enable me to judge correctly as to
who are meritorious. It is clear that there are
some of these unemployed officers who arc per-
fectly unworthy to retain position in the Army;
and I take it for granted there are others more
meritorious; and the inquiry I make is whether
it is just thus to inflict this punishment upon them
in consequence of these unworthy officers being
unemployed ?
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman had allowed
me to finish my sentence he would have had no
occasion to interrupt me. I said that there were
in th's list officers of high standing and character
■! who, in my judgment, ought to be employed. I
i; said also that, in my opinion, there were officers
ij employed m subordinate capacities who ought to
!j have commands in accordance with their rank.
