1974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
forth from the ark for some token of the reappear-
anceof the land. Aftertraversingformany days
the waste of waters she found no rest for the sole
of her foot, and returned again to Noah. A sec-
ond time she was sent forth, and this time she
brought back the olive-branch, the harbinger of
certain subsidence of the waters. A third time
she was sent for encouraging indications, and this
time she' returned no*more, for the waters had
retired to their recesses in the great deep, and the
world was redeemed from the curse. Let the
friends of constitutional government derive en-
couragement from the lesson. The substance of
the resolutions may yet, like the dove, find amid
the deluge of domestic troubles a secure resting
place, and restore a nation from the grasp of dis-
solution.
My colleague, in the conclusion of his speeeh,
says,11 With the rebellion thus suppressed'5 this
gr^at country shall become the "asylum of the
down-trodden and oppressed of every nation."
Here we join hands in cordial agreement. I only
regret the memory as well as the record of the fact
that my colleague, although the son of an Irish-
man, joined the Know-Nothing lodge, and en-
gaged in the crusade to deprive Irishmen of the
rights of citizenship, and Catholics of their reli-
gious liberties. The Germans, too, he aimed to
make the victims of his vengeance. But the coun-
trymen of Emmett and Curran and Grattan still
live, and are marching in thousands by the side
of the hardy German, carrying the flag of the
Union through blood and fire to defend for kin}
that home from which he would have excluded
them.
My colleague for the greater part of his life has
been a Democrat, at least in profession, in those
days abolitionism was powerless and he was op-
posed to it. h comes w ith an ll 1 grace from him now,
indeed. It isaslanderto say that the Democratic
party has sympathy with the rebellion. It is a
slander repeated by the lowest as well as those
favored with position.
h has been conceded by members of the Demo-
cratic party that there was provocation for the re-
bellion but no justification. In my remarks of
the 24th of February I characterized secession as
treason. I endeavored to show that, as a legiti-
mate result of the State rights doctrine, secession
and nullification have no warrant in the Constitu-
tion. Y t my colleague, with great facility of con-
clusion, pronounces this the doctrine of John C.
Calhoun. He has sadly changed since the days
when he was a Democrat and claims to have been
the fiiend of General Cass; the days when he
prospered on the patronage of that great organ-
ization whose policy and patriotism upheld this
Government for three quarters of a century, and
which is still willing to shield it and save it'or per-
ish in the effort. Then ho believed that if ever
abolitionism got the Government in its hands the
country would rush headlong to ruin. Now he
gloats over the fulfillment of the prophecy. Now
he votes to give this Hall for a British enemy of
the Union to lecture in,and assists to degrade the
nation by approving a eulogy on John Brown, the
traitor and the murderer. When he bows down
in homage to George Thompson, the man who
for thirty years has been /dotting the destiuction
of this Republic, he should be careful how he
applies the word disloyal and make no reference
to General Cass, the patriot who gave his days
and nights during all that time to the safetyof the
nation.
Mr. Speaker, the motives of the Democratic
party require no defense. It has ever been the
party of freedom and of progress, ever the de-
fender of the Constitution, the laws, and the union
of the States. At the piesent moment, that great
old party, covered all over with truth, like the
armor of Achilles, mny well say, " Thrice is he
armed who hath his quarrel just." That great
party clings to the Constitution, and does not
change its principles nor its independence for the
favor of a President who is but temporarily in
power. The one it regards merely as a man, the
sun of whose official life is fast going down,and
soon there will be an end of his power and im-
portance. The other, the Constitution, is the
Magna Chariaof their liberties, in which is stored
the hopes of the present and of millions to come
after us, and in the preservation of which is cen-
tered the interests of the people of every clime.
I will now yield a part of my time to my col-
league [Mr. Moorhead] to reply to what I have
said, if he desires to d(> so.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Speaker, I have list-
ened with a certain degree of satisfaction to the
learned remarks of my distinguished colleague,
[Mr. Dawson.] It is true, he has made some al-
lusion to my unlearned effort, and has stated that
he likes to see such subjects treated in a states-
manlike manner. 1 have always given my col-
league a good deal of credit as being one of the
statesmen of the age, and I am glad that he has
come up to that high standaid on this occasion,
even if I failed to do so.
My colleague lias indulged in very bad associ-
ations. He speaks of former associations with
me and with other gentlemen in supporting this
Government. But I am sorry to say that he
abandoned such associations, and that about the
time this great fabric was beginning to crumble,
and this Union to fall to pieces, his close, famil-
iar, and distinguished associates in the city of
Washington were—whom do you suppose, Mr.
Speaker? John C. Breckinridge, R. M.T. Hun-
ter, Jesse D. Bright, and Jefferson Davis. I do
not think I need tell the House who these gen-
tlemen are. But I would ask, where are they
now? John C. Breckinridge, one of my col-
league's closest and most distinguished friends,
is a general in the rebel army. R. M. T. Hun-
ter, who was his model patriot and statesman, is
a representative m the confederate senate. Jesse
D. bright, perhaps my colleague's bosom friend,
was expelled from the Senate of the United States.
I need not say anything about Jefferson Davis.
The House knows who he is and where he is.
I say, therefore, that my colleague has fallen
into bad associations. I do not think him bad at
heart or disloyal. I have hopes of him yet. 1
had great hopes of him when I made that speech
which seems to have affected him so much. I
had great hopes that the teachings of that speech,
when taken home and studied over by him as 1
knew it would be, would bring him back to the
true faith, and I regret to find, from his remarks
here to-night, that it has not done so; yet I have
faith in the political salvation of men, as I have
in their religious salvation:
"For while tho lamp holds out to burn,
The vilest sinner may leturn." [Laughter.]
And although my colleague's political sins are
many, yet still I have hopes that he will return to
the support of the Government of the country.
My colleague spoke of my being a demagogue,
and then,to my utter surprise,and I think to the
surprise of the House, he introduced the subject
of a resolution which he offered here to increase
the pay of the soldiers and to pay them in gold,
when he knew that the Treasury was unable to
meet such a draft upon it.
Mr, DAWSON. No, sir, I did not; but to
pay them in gold or its equivalent.
Mr, MOORHEAD. He charged me with be-
ing a demagogue; and yet he introduced that res-
olution here, showing that it emanated from him,
and that he wanted the credit of it. And what
has been my colleague's course here during the
session? Endeavoring to cripple the operations
of the Tieasury. What was his couise no longer
ago than last evening? After opposing the in-
ternal revenue bill here, we find on the final vote
some thirty-three members voting in the negative,
and my distinguished colleague was one of them.
Mr. DAWSON. I stat®d distinctly this even-
ing, and stated when I introduced the resolution,
proposing to pay the soldiers in gold or its equiv-
alent, that I introduced it in obedience to the in-
structions of the Democratic party.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Then you do not make
a merit of it yourself; you disclaim it.
Mr. DAWSON. No, sir; I do not disclaim it.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The House understood
you to disclaim it.
Mr. DAWSON. By no means. As to the
tax bill to which the gentleman refers, the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Stevens] stated in the House to-day that it was
so mangled that he almost wished he had been a
Locofoco that he could have voted against it.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I want my colleague either
to take the responsibility of it, or to disclaim it.
If he disclaims it I will let him off.
Mr. DAWSON. No, sir, I introduced it in
obedience to the instructions of the Democratic
party, and it met my own approval. Indeed I ap-
prove it fully, and I cannot injustice appropriate
to myself all the credit of its introduction.
Mr. MOORHEAD. My colleague charges me
also with having been in a Know-Nothing lodge.
So far as I have any knowledge of the gentlemen
who went to such places, I never knew a disloyal
man among them. 1 have shown who were my
colleague's political associates,and I am told that
there is a Golden Circle association; whether he
or they belong to it I do not know.
Mr. DAWSON. I know nothing of it.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I do not think my col-
league does. But I have shown the associations
he has kept, and I think the loyalty of these bosom
friends of his is not above suspicion. And while
they are fighting against us in the South, I regret
to say that my distinguished colleague, whom I
have loved as much as any man on this floor, is,
1 will not exactly say aiding them, but doing
nothing to sustain the Government.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker,I have some
thoughts on the state of the U nion, and the process
of bringing back to our system the wandering
stars which have shot so madly from their orbits,
that I would have desired to ventilate on the oc-
casion of the discussion here of the resolution for
the amendment of the joint resolution of July,
1862, in relation to the extent of the forfeiture for
treason against the Government. I was not so
fortunate as to agree with a majority of my col-
leagues on the Judiciary Committee, either as to
the meanijj£ of the Constitution or the curative
virtues of the amendment. I would have pre-
ferred to vote for the absolute repeal of that dis-
abling feature on grounds outside of the consti-
tutional provision in regard to cases of judicial
attainder, and upon considerations looking to the
final settlement of the great internecine struggle
which has cast us loose from our ordinary moor-
ings,and suggested so many new and dark prob-
lems of State for our solution. I thought the ques-
tion of the times was involved in that discussion,
as it widened, and deepened, and swept within
its current—and that too by an inevitable and in-
exorable logic—the great considerations of the
status of the rebel States, and the means whereby
the broken column and the crumbling arch were
to be restored, and the fragments of the shattered
urn gathered up and reunited, so as to give back,
if possible, its original strength along with its
original perfume. It struck me that these weie
questions which must be first settled before we
could legislate understandingly or safely upon al-
most any others. They were not to be postponed
or evaded. We could not escape or ignore them
by burying our heads m the sand like the ostrich.
They met us on the very threshold at the organ-
ization of this House. They haveconfronted us
from day to day, at every turn, in the reports ot
committees, where sound conclusions have been
sometimes reached—by a very indifferent logic,
of course—from unsound premises, and errone-
ous conclusions sustained here, almost without
discussion, in apparent unconsciousness of the
dangers with which they were pregnant. It
seemed to me that we were at sea, drifting with-
out rudder or compass at the mercy of tin* winds
and currents. 1 wished a reckoning of our posi-
tion. I desired some landmark, some safe anchor-
age to which we might grapple, some common
center, at least, about which we might gravitate
m orbits " centric or eccentric," as our several
idiosynciasies might prompt. I proposed, there-
fore, to try the experiment in a modest and sug-
gestive way only, as becomes any man who is
called upon to deal with such questions as these,
of indicating a star by which we might possibly
navigate in safety. While I waited, however—as
I always prefer to do—to hear what others might
have to say, the doors were closed upon me, and
the debate arrested by the operation of the pre-
vious question. It occurrcu to me then that I
might possibly generalize my notions in such a
way as to render them acceptable to a majority
of this House, as I have accordingly attempted to
do in a series of resolutions which I have had the
honor to spread upon your records. This bill,
with the amendment offereel this evening by my
colleague [Mr. Stevens] by way of substitute
thereior, comes in opportunely as a practical
measure, resting, as I think, upon the same gen-
eral principles, and enabling me to develop the
leading idea of those resolutions in the remarks
which I propose to make,in asomcwhatdesultory
