2950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
And, sir, the measure now pending seems to me
to be the only one adequate to the emergency.
Mr. MARCY. Mr. Speaker, I have sought
this opportunity to address the House for the
purpose of expressing somegeneral views on the
state of the country. In the expression of my
sentiments I shall not be sustained with the hope
that my counsels will be heeded by the Admin-
istration party in powerin this House, but if my
remarks go out to the country, it is more proba-
ble that the righteous aversion existing in the
heart of the people to this Administration may
receive strength. The foundations on which our
national liberty rests were deliberately settled by
the illustrious statesmen of*theRevolution;every-
thing that was felt to be a necessity for a free
people was carefully provided for; civil and re-
ligious liberty was surrounded with safeguards;
the cause and the Government which the heroes
of the Revolution fought for received the bless-
ings of Heaven; the Constitution was a perfect
work, and so long as the Administration of the
Government under it was in the hands of the
Democratic party, so long did it meet the wants
of the whole country, but the moment the great
disloyal abolition party assumed to direct the
affairs of the nation, from that moment the safe-
guards of liberty were broken down, the founda-
tions of the nation's strength were undermined,
time-honored landmarks were blotted out, the
purity and sacredness of the ballot-box were vio-
lated,and now, emboldened by success, the Execu-
tive of the nation proclaims to a bewildered people
that, as he understands his oath to support and
preserve the Constitution, it calls on him to do
what in his judgment is indispensable to its pres-
ervation, whether such means ore constitutional
and according to its letter or not.
I address myself now, Mr. Speaker, to the con-
sideration of the President's position as a plain,
honest man, seeking for what is the best for the
whole country, and as a man free from nil preju-
dices, free from fanaticisms, and free from the
mortal sin of ever having by word or deed pro-
moted and fostered hatred between the two sec-
tions of the country. When visiting the splendid
agricultural regions of the South, arid doing busi-
ness there, and when at home amid the busy
marts of New England industry, 1 have invariably
cherished one and the same national sentiment
Fraternity and equality are the guides of all true
Americans. The Constitution in plain and unmis-
takable terms—so plain that a wayfaring man
though a fool and a joker need not err therein—
defines and limits the President's use of means
and measures in the exercise of his duty in its
protection and defense. His oath confines him
to the use of the means which the Constitution
provides. When he knowingly violates the sa-
cred instrument, instead of" either protecting or
defending it, he destroys it; he commits a high
crime against the American people, and registers
ill heaven the act of Ills perjury; and all his aiders
and accessories to the crime in this Congress, and
all that portion of the wicked, disloyal abolition
party who sustain the President in Ins infractions
on the Constitution, are joint heirs with him to
the inheritance of eternal infamy.
If the President has the right to overleap, or, in
the language of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,| "override" the Constitution and to
substitute his own views for the written law of the
land, he can justify himself'by showing wherein
the Constitution gives him that right. He says
he does it to preserve the nation. How would
you like a physician to preserve your life by cut-
tmg your heart out; the Constitution is the heart
of the nation. Oathsareof no consequence when
those who take them are allowed discretion as
to when and for what purposes they can be vio-
lated. In time of peace the Constitution cannot
become obsolete. In tijue of war, for still more
obvious reasons, it cannot bo laid aside. It is a
living code; no part of it can die; every line is
operative everywhere throughout the country,
and atall times. It is binding on every American,
and he who has once sworn to support it and
then perjures himself, he is a traitor.
We are not to-day, Mr. Speaker, where my
voice can reach the erring and misguided South;
if we were I should entreat them to return to their
tdlegiance, to coine back within the fold of the
Union and once more cross their hands in friend-
ship with us. If they would listen, the great i
loyal Democratic party would guaranty to them
the pure administration of the law of the land,
they should enjoy without further molestation
their full and equitable rights under the Consti-
tution. If the disloyal abolition party would
humble itself in dust and ashes, and purge itself
from its monstrous iniquities and wash away the
stains which disfigure its infamous brow, and
swear that from this time henceforth and forever
it would never seek to interfere with the admin-
istration and regulation of the internal police of
the southern States or of any State, and act with
the Democratic party, peace v/ould once more re-
turn to bless the land and to seal with the bene-
diction of divine love the nuptials of a reunited
country. Shall we see that glorious day.1 The
abolition party do not wish to have the Union
restored. I challenge any one of them to rise in
his seat and say that he is in favor of the Union
as it was and the Constitution as it is. When-
ever such a blessing is hoped and prayed for they
universally deride and mock the sentiment; all
expressions for the Union as it was turn to ashes
on their lips.
At (he time the Constitution was adopted it
saved us from impending anarchy and sought to
secure liberty to posterity. But the history of
this Republic, like that of all others, has taught us
that virtue among the rulers and the people can
alone preserve and protect the forms of Govern-
ment. The power of minute local administration
was given to each State. It was made a very
prominent feature; the people of each State were
allowed to make their own laws, to govern their
own institutions. From 1792 to 1860 the country
for the greater part of the time was under Demo-
cratic rule. It uscended in the scale of nations to
the first rank, and was the equal of the four great
Powers of the earth; the American people became
the pride and boast of the world. All this was
accomplished because the great code between the
States wus respected. The party in power now
seem as ready to overthrow this glorious Consti-
tution as our fathers were to shed their blood
to obtain it. Our fathers broke the yoke of tyr-
anny, and a degenerate portion of their sons are
ready to place their necks in it again.
Why aie they ready to resume it, Mr. Speaker?
When for a moment reason is allowed to resume
its sway the question is easily answered. Weare
engaged in putting down a great rebellion. That
was the ostensible purpose of the war. Whether
it has degenerated into a crusade to overthrow the
institution of slavery at the expense of all the
available blood and treasure of the North is an
open question; but I asked the question, why does
a portion of" the country seem ready to put on
the yoke of" despotism? It is because they meekly
sit by and see established forms of Government
swept away, and, either in their ignorance or in
their willingness to see theGovernmentdesiroyed,
aid and abet the nefarious crime. Nothing can
be more unfortunate in any country than the ne-
cessity or the rashness which blots out an estab-
lished constitution before a substitute is prepared.
We hear every day now, in addition to open in-
fractions of the Constitution, of schemes for a
different form of Government. Change it in the
slightest manner and the form of Government is
changed. If the Constitution should be altered
to suit the infractions that have been made on it,
what would become of us while the change was
going on? How many fanatical theorists, filled
with only the idea of the black man, would come
forward and obtrude theirill-digested notions upon
the public? Despotism and its minions would lie
in wait to take advantage of the hazards by which
the Constitution would be surrounded. Breaking
the Constitution is like breaking the golden cord;
when once the mischief is done you cannot ex-
pect it to be repaired; rulcrsand people are alike un-
restrained by authority; but while there is enough
of the Constitution left to keep a remembrance of
what it was, I shall not lose all confidence that its
condition will be beyond hope when it again falls
into the hands and care of the loyal Democratic
party.
Mr. Speaker, as I proceed in my remarks I
shall have occasion to speak more particularly of
some of the infractions of the Constitution. I
have said so much in a general way for the pur-
pose of expressing to this House the absolute
convictions of my constituents as well as my own,
that by disregarding constitutional obligations the
warning admonition of Washington, and the wise
counsels of all the most eminent patriots of the
land, past and present, the country has been in-
volved in the horrors of a terrible and devastating
civil war. My constituents, with me, believethat
the Constitution,as framed by the fathers ofour
country, is sufficient for all emergencies, and we
utterly repudiate the doctrine that in time of war,
or at any time, it can be suspended or enlarged
in its powers beyond the letter and true meaning
of that sacred instrument. It is to us, as it was to
our fathers, the only hope of a perfect Union, to
establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, pro-
mote the general welfare, and secure the blessings
of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, and if
observed in its letter and spirit is amply sufficient
to secure to us, as it did to them, these inesti-
mable blessings. And as a Representative in Con-
gress, I am instructed by my constituents to unite
with all true Union men everywhere in the.sup-
port of the Federal Government, and to seek to
preserve the Constitution as it is and to restore
the Union as it was.
Mr. Speaker, the patriotic and eloquent gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] has told
us how, under its present custodians, the Con-
stitution has been used to establish justice, in-
sure domestic tranquillity, promote the general
welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty. The
remembrance of that speech must still be fiesh in
the minds of the guilty party who have murdered
the Constitution by piecemeal. My constitu-,
ency do not believe in war as a remedy for the
tremendous evil with which our country is af-
flicted. They regard the history of the three
years of the immediate past as one of mourning,
shame, and sorrow, and humiliation; they look
upon it as a fratricidal strife which wise states-
manship might have avoided; they look upon the
terrible and frightful slaughter as so many lives
uselessly sacrificed; they think the mourning
which the fate of war has carried to so many
homes a dear price to pay for the military glory
we have won; they look upon the immense
amount of property which has been destroyed as
a reckless and wanton waste; they assume the
giganticload of taxes which has been placed upon
their shoulders with a spirit of heroism that may
be equal to the task, but praying that they may
be spared additional weight; they look upon tile
mighty pyramid of our national debt and its pios-
pectivo increase, and cry out, "Not unto the
third and fourth generation shall our children
suffer for their fathers'sins, hut all our posterity,
throughout all the coming ages of the endurance
of this nation, must feel the burden of heavy tax-
ation to pay even its interest." My constituents
are a thinking, reasoning people. They bow
down to no idols and worship no false gods;
their politics consists of pure Democracy, and
their religion of patriotism and devotion to ilie
whole country. They do not believe that the
black man is equal to the white. They are not
imbued either with any false philanthropy or
false notions concerning the black man's true po-
sition. They would not disturb the equilibrium
of States and plunge the country into a desola-
ting war on the negro's account, but would leave
each State to regulate its own internal affairs as
guarantied by the Constitution. If' there is sin
m slavery, they would leave it wholly to the con-
science of the southern people and to their God.
By what principle of right can any man justify
the breaking up ofour form of government to se-
cure freedom to the slaves? Gentlemen on the
other side, do not disguise your true position, do
not deceive yourselves any longer; look into the
mirror of present events and see the reflection of
your own image; if it is not more frightful tlmn
any ever seen in Babylon, and more terrible than
the apocalyptic Beast, then I have not seen the
colossal and iniquitous image in its true light.
" Better a thousand times the old Union as it was
should perish and rebellion triumph than ever to
witness its restoration," is the wicked sentiment
of the Republican party. It is fastened on them
like the poisoned shirt of Nessus. Could the
war stop to-morrow by the restoration of the
Union as it was, how many votes could the meas-
ure get from gentlemen who charge tins side of the
House with disloyalty ? Could the war stop to-
morrow by the resurrection of the hopeless slain
to return to the bosom of their families, and to
bless with their presence the bereaved and stricken
