1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will do so, and yield
to the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I hope that the
passage of this bill will not he insisted on at this
time. Thebill has not been printed,and we have
had no opportunity to scrutinize its piovisions.
It makes an immense grantof the public domain,
and we ought at least to have an opportunity of
carcfully examining it. There are bills of this
character now before Congress granting about one
hundred million acres of tne publicdomain which
the homestead bill designed to reserve for the peo-
ple themselves for the purpose of actual settlement
and improvement. 1 am opposed to frittering
away the public domain of the United States by
indirection, as well as by any policy of open aban-
donment. I hope that the bii! will fee recommitted
and printcdjso that we may have an opportunity
at some future period of examining it. if the
gentleman from Illinois will yield to me for the
purpose, I will make that motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No,sir; I cannotyield
to the gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. ASHLEY. I would ask the gentleman
from Illinois how many acres of the public do-
main this bill appropriates ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It appropriates the
alternate sections for three miles on each side of
the proposed road, which is about two hundred
and fifty miles in length between the termini.
Mr. ASIILEY. How many acres ofland docs
it appiopriate?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot state the
number ofacres.
Mr. ASHLEY. What is the estimated cost of
the road per mile?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not know. There
has been no survey of the road as yet, and no
such estimate has been made.
Mr. ASHLEY. Then I hope the bill will not
be put through in this way.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This bill is precisely
like other bills which have passed Congress at
previous sessions, granting lands to aid in the
construction of military roads and turnpikes.
There is a large section of country, probably two
thirds of the distance over which this road is to be
constructed, which is a desert, where the lands are
utterly worthless,and there is no portion of the
country through which the road is to be built
where settlers will go and settle until you'build
the road.
Besides, Mr. Speaker, the emigrant is now
obliged, from the want of a road between these
two points across the Cascade mountains, to sell
his stock, or give it away, or leave it in the mount-
ains in the vicinity of Walla-Walla, and take
boat and go down the Columbia liver before he
can reach the western slope of the mountains.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, there seems to
be some doubt in the minds of members as to the
merits of this bill, and it would be well if the
House had some time to consider it. If my col-
league will yield to me, I will make a motion to
adjourn. ,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection to
yield for that purpose.
Mr. NORTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. ANCONA. Will the gentleman withdraw
that motion that I may introduce a resolution of
inquiry ?
Mr. NORTON. I will do so.
EXPENSES OF THE MILITIA.
Mr. ANCONA, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a resolution directing the Secretary of War
to inform the House as to the causes for the delay
in the payment of the expenses of the draft of the
militia m the State of Pennsylvania in October,
186*2,and to state whetheranylegislation isrequi-
mte to facilitate and secure the prompt settlement
of such expenses.
Mr. NELSON. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to anund the resolution so as to make it
include also the militia of the State of New York.
Mr. ANCONA. I accept the modification, and
move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was agreed to.
NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish and equalize the grade of line
officers of the United States Navy," approved July
16,1862; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
HOMESTEADS FOB THE ARMY AND NAVY.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent,reported
from the Committee on Public Lands a bill to se-
cure to persons in the military or naval service of
the United States homesteads on confiscated or
forfeited estates in insurrectionary districts; which
was read a first and second time, recommitted to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. NORTON. I nov/ insist on my motion
to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
forty minutes past four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March, 9, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid befo(e the Sen-
ate a repoit of the Secretaiy of the Interior,com-
municating, in obcdtence to the act of July 14,
1862, for the relief of precmptors on the home
reservation of the Winneba^o^s in the Blue Earth
region, in the State of Minnesota, a schedule of
claims presented under that act and the awards
to be paid to the claimants for losse# by reason
of the appropriation of their settlements for Indian
reservations; which was referred to the Commit"
tee on Indian Affairs.
PETITIONS AN© MEMORIALS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am requested to present
the memorial of the Ohio Wool-Growers' Asso-
ciation, recently assembled at Columbus, Ohio,
in which they represent that the number of dogs
enumerated in the State of Ohio is one hundred
and seventy-five thousand, and the actual num-
ber is nearly five bundled thousand; that thedep-
redations of these dogs tend to prevent the growth
of wool m that and the adjoining States; and they
may that Congress mayiaya heavy tax on them,
t ask that the memorial be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
It was so referred.
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of T.
WS| Higgiuson, colonel commanding the first regi-
ment ot South Carolina volunteers, praying for
an appropriation to pay the enlisted men of that
regiment the arrears now: due under the original
contract of enlistment, and to legalize the pay-
ments already made to it by Major W. J. Wood,
paymaster; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Mihtia.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of
George Gnswold and others, citizens of the Uni-
ted States, praying for indemnification for losses
sustained by the spoliation on our commerce by
French cruisers prior to September, 3800; which
was referred to the Committee on Foieign Rela-
tions.
Mr. RAMSEY presented nineteen memorials
of citizens of Minnesota, remonstrating against
any change being made by Congress in the act
gi anting lands to that State for railroad purposes;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented a petition of citi-
zens of Atsion, New Jersey, praying for an in-
crease in the facilities for the transportation of
mails, passengers, and freight between the citics
of New Yotk and Philadelphia; which was re-
feircd to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, fiom the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 91)
to quiet titles in favor of parties in actual posses-
sion of lands situated m the District of Columbia,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred a joint resolution (S. No. 28) declaring the
objects of the war, reported it with an amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 151) relating to chapn-
lains, and for other puposes, reported it Without
amendment.
He also, fromthe same committee, to whom was'
referred abill (H. R. No. 261) to provide for the
voluntary enlistment of any persons, residents of
certain States, into the regiments of other-States,
reported it without amendment. " "
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was frft^
ferred a joint resolution (H. R. No. 47) for-'the
relief of Rev. W. B. Matchett, asked to bfe'dis-n
charged from its further consideration, and'that
it be referred to the Committee on Claims* which
was agreed to. • ?
REGISTER TO STEAMER MOHAWK,
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a joint resolution
(S. No. 31) authorizing the issue of a register to
the steamer Mohawk, have instructed me to re-
port it back without amendment.. If there is no
objection, I will ask that it be put upon its passage
now, as it will take but a moment.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue an American register to the Canadian-built
steamer Mohawk now owned by Warren Chap-
man, George Parmelee, and Matthias Teetzel, of
St. Joseph, m the State of Michigan.
The joint lesolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was rcid the third time, and
passed.
INTEREST ON THE PUBLIC DEBT.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance to report back the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 37) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to anticipate the payment
of interest on the public debt, with an amend-
ment; and I move that it be made the special order
for one o'clock to-morrow. It is important to
have the matter disposed of.
Mr. FOOT. It would be better to fix it for
half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. But it might give rise to
debate, and if so it would go over at one o'clock
if that were done.
Mr. FOOT. I make the suggestion merely be-
cause if any matter should be left as unfinished
business to-day it would take precedence of this
measure at one o'clock if this were simply made
a special order.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move to make this
joint resolution the special order for half past
twelve o'clock to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to by a two-thirds vote.
BRITISH PRESENT TO A SHIP-MASTER.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the President's
message relating to the schooner Highlander and
the proposition giving to the master authority to
receive a present from the British Government,
have had the same again under consideration, and
have directed mo to makeasupplemeniaryieport
in the shape of a resolution which I will send to
the Chair. If there be no objection, I will ask
that it be acted on now.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution:
Wheieas it appears that the schooner Highlander was
not in the naval bervice of the United fcJnueo, ai,d that,
though in the service of the quartermaster-. department,
her master had no commission under the [Jmted States,
Mesolned, That the master of the Hightandei is not a per-
son holding: an office of piofit or tru.-t under the United
States, such a-5 is contemplated in the Constitution in its
prohibition ot'an acceptance of a present from a king, prince,
or foreign State without the consent of Oongiess.
Mr. SUMNER. In explanation of this reso-
lution, I send a letter from the Department of
State to the Chaii, which I ask to have read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Department of State,
Washington, Nnich 5. 1864.
Sir: In answer toyouroial mqmrL^ in regard to the
schooner fhghlaudei, I have the honoi to aequasrstyoutftat
; tlm Department lia  been officially mlonnui that m-itber
j thai ve^el nor her commands wcicm the naval service.
! Infoinia! niquniey at the War Department have resulted
! in ascei taming that -she wis m the m*i vice of the quarter-
1 master's department, hut thai the captain held no commis-
sion under the United Stales. It may be questional)!©,
| therefore, whether he held &ueh an office of trust and profit
! as ib contemplated in the clause of the Constitution which
