1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2951
mourners, how many disloyal and crazy fanatics
would give up their schemes for their loved negro
to help on such a bright and glorious (lay? Not
one, Mr. Speaker; in my judgment, not one; if there
Be any such who would, let hun speak for himself.
Have I offended? But, gentlemen, your career
is fast drawing to a close. God, in His mercy,
will not impose upon the free American people
another four years of your dreadful misrule; four
years in the fiery furnace, four years groping
in the valley and shadow of death, four years of
the blind leading the blind, four years amid the
sulphurous flames of the pit that is bottomless, I
think will satisfy even divine vengeance; and
when the administration of the Government
passes into the hands of the conservative party,
our abolition friends must emigrate to the place
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washbctewe]
so often mentions, Abyssinia, and into the heait
of Africa, or be content with the four years of
miscegenetic beatitude they have so hugely en-
joyed. The Government instituted for white
men will again become popular. The bleeding
Treasury will be rescued from the grasp of re-
lentless speculators, and will become virtuous
too; and the fairy tales that render it so disrepu-
table will cease to exist.
I approach now, sir, the consideration of two or
three of the subjects which have claimed much of
the attention of the country, and done much to ex-
cite that deep and overwhelming spirit of opposi-
tion to the Administration which is so manifest
in all the States. One of the resolutions, sir,
passed at the convention which nominated me for
Congress was as follows:
"Resolved, That the arbitiary arrest and imprisonment of
citizens (or political offenses, and the suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus in loyal States, are gioss violation*,
of our national and Statu constitutions, and tyrannical in-
fractions of the rights and liberties of American citizens,
wiiicii cannot be toforated in a free country; and that tile
people cannot, and will nut, allow the freedom of speech
and of the press, that great ^afegumd of civil liberty, to he
put down by unwarranted and despotic exercise of power
from whatever source."
Among the articles of our present faith we find
the following; we do not believe ihe Adminis-
tration is engaged exclusively m putting down
the rebellion; we believe it is employing our vast
armies to sustain acts which have the strongest
tendency to overthrow the framework of our
Government. We believe the Army has been
used in loyal States to carry elections, and, above
all, Mr. Speaker, how was it in Florida for the
purpose of getting up a bogus State government
in favor of the President, and how has the Army
been used by Banks for the purpose of enriching
cotton speculators? Are these things fresh in the
minds of Republicans, or are they not? Are the
immense losses in the material of war and the
lives of thousands uselessly sacrihccd to Moloch
and Mammon passed forgotten into the history
of your nameless crimes? The true purpose of
the people in furnishing the sinews of war is
comprehensively stated in a general order issued
by General McClellan, August 9, 1862. The
order is as follows:
" The general commanding takes this occasion to remind
the officers and soldiers of this array that we are engaged in
suppoitmg the Constitution and laws of the United States,
and in suppressing rebel lion against theii authority; that we
are not engaged in a war of rapine, revenge, or subjugation;
tjiat this is not a contcst against populations, but against
aimed forces and political oiganiziUions; that it is a snuggle
cai ried on within the United States, and should be conduct-
ed by us upon the highest piiaciples known to Christian
civilization.'-
But I pass on to the resolution first quoted. I
know not how many times Mr. Seward has rung
his bell since he has been prime minister, and
consequently I know not how many citizenshave
been unceremoniously locked up in military dun-
geons without an opportunity of trial by a jury of
their countrymen; but we do know the number
is legion, and that in every instance it was done in
absolute violation of the established law of the
land. No special pleading can convince us to the
contrary; when the people are robbed of their lib-
erties they know it. Among the dearest of their
rights is that of trial by jury. The people will
not be tiifled with any longer; the great consti-
tutional arguments on this subject I leave for the
able lawyers on this side of the House to discuss.
I simply state the broad facts as stated by the
Constitution and as they aie understood by the
people at large, who are now awaking to a sense
of their true condition.
The President has" had a majority of both
Houses of Congress in his favor; hence whatever
radical measure he has wished to carry has been
accomplished without the slightest difficulty.
The direct and only object of a majority of these
measures has been to secure a firm foothold for
approaching despotism, coming on with equal
steps with every unconstitutional set. Is it any
exaggeration to assert that the military prisons
have been filled with citizensfrom the loyal States
who are political opponents of th is Administration,
and have they not, in their wretchedness, become
prematurely old, and has not the affliction with
many of them been so great as to lead to suicide
and to the lunatic asylum ? After they have been
confined for many weary months, vainly seeking
for the cause of their arrest and for a trial, have
they not been released without one, or even so
much as an excuse given for the horrible outrage
inflicted upon them? Any man of influence known
to be opposed to this Administration is in danger
all the time of having his most sacred rights vio-
lated, of being torn from the bosom of his family
and incarcerated in a loathsome dungeon. The
whole country is filled with spies and eavesdrop-
pers to report to the Bakers whatever can be tor-
tured into anything like opposition to the tyranny
seeking to plant itself upon a throne. By the
suspension of the writ of habeas corpus the Gov-
ernment officials arc enabled to seize and imprison
any offensive person. Howlong will such a state
of things last? Just so long as a foolish people
will permit it.
My constituents understand this question,and
woe be to the man who attempts among them to
execute the mandates of tyrants. My friends are
also in favor of free speech and a free press.
Mr. Speaker,during the ever-to-be-memorable
trial of the distinguished Representative from
Ohio [Mr. Long] for words spoken in debate, I
was painfully struck with the following remark
from the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Orth,]
namely:
"A man is free to speak so long as he speaks for tile na-
tion ; when he speaks against it he shall not, with my con-
sent, do so with impunity on the ilooi of this House."
Who is to be the judge when I am speaking
whether I am speaking for the nation or not—the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Orth] or myself?
is his judgment so faultless that he can decide
better than his peers what is constitutional and
within the scope of legitimate debate ? Has it
come to this in his judgment, that hecanriseand
dictate what we, with " bated breath and whis-
pering humbleness," may say? Dare he stand
up in Congress and seek to lock the mouths of
the Representatives of a free people whose every
right is as sacred as his own ? I tell the gentleman
and all of his way of thinking that I shall utter
upon the floor of this House whatever I wish
concerning the crimes, the follies, and the out-
rages of this Administration; whatever I wish
concerning its turpitude, its sins, and deformity.
I quote fiom Story on the Constitution:
" In some foreign countries even to this day it is a crime
to speak on any subject, religious, philosophic, or politi-
cal, n hat is coutrniy to the received opinions ol the Gov-
ernment; or even to speak upon the conduct of public men,
of luiers or leprescntatives, nt teims of the strictest truth
and courtesv, has been and is now deemed a scandal upon
tile supposed sanctity of their stations and character, sub-
jectingthe paity guilty of it to tile severest punishments."
The gentleman and his friends had better at
once find those genial climes. They are just suit-
ed to the tastes of despots and aristocrats. But
the right of free speech is a plant of indigenous
growth in this country, and can not be eradi-
cated. The freedom of the press, Mr. Speaker,
receives no protection from the present guardians
of the people's rights. I now ask for information:
is there an instance on record where Government
officials have exeited their power and authority
to prevent the destruction of newspaper offices?
Is there an instance on record where the strong
arm of the law has been interposed and upheld
by the friends of Mr. Lincoln to save newspaper
property from a lawless mob ? I know of none,
sir, and I do not think there is one; it has seemed
rather a holiday pastime than otherwise, and
thought as lightly of as any other infraction of
the Constitution. It has remained for the histo-
rian to refresh our memories with the lact, while
comparing this country with others, that
" In some countries the press has been shackled, and com-
pelled to speak only in the umid language which the cring-
ing courtier of the capricious Inquisition should license for
publication."
Sir, how well do his words' apply to tlie' state
of things now in our own unhappy country. Let
the people ponder well these facts before the glory
of our nation is entirely gone; before it stands
only as the shadow of the imperial name.it,once
had; before it is seen only as a broken and crum-
bling monument ofitsheroic history; before Icha-
bod is written all over its shattered templest
In this hasty review I must avail myself of the
privilege to notice other acts of this Administra-
tion, which have materially helped to strengthen,
and prolong the rebellion, and to swell the army
of tax-gatherers and the processions of wretched
mourners in all our streets.
On the 22d of September, 1869', the President
gave notice that on the 1st of January, 1863, he
should issue a proclamation of emancipation to
all the slaves in the districts seeking for independ-
ence. Three months' notice was given to the
southern men to prepare for the event. During
this time the abolition press was in ecstacies, the
rebellion was about to receive its final blow, the
colored millennium was to be ushered in. Greeley,
at the head of nine hundred thousand more, prom-
ised to move immediately upon the enemy's works
under the influence of the Spirit of the Lord. At
the tread of their conquering march the confed-
eracy was to tremble and totter to its fall. But
how have all those bright visions vanished ! Time
has demonstrated the wisdom of the country's
true friends. That proclamation had the identical
effect which statesmen foresaw. Not one single
slave has been liberated thereby. Wherever the
armies have penetrated slaves have been received
and protected within the lines of the federal
forces. The same was the case before the proc-
lamation was issued.
Mr. Speaker, while General McClellan was in
command he received and protected every negro
who came within his lines. ,He never refused
one, and never returned one to slavery. But it
was not his idea to employ the armies of the
Union for the purpose of destroying their prop-
erty, liberating slaves; the Army had with him a
higher and holier destiny. Under his leadership
Iiis soldiers knew that the grand object of the war
was to preserve the Constitution and restore the
unity of the States. After the proclamation was
made, instead of having the effect to fill up the de-
pleted ranks of the Army with a million of willing
troops, conscription and princely bounties was
the resort. On the other hand it broke the spirit
of thousands of loyal men struggling to be loyal.
They saw their property aboutto be sweptaway
from them at a single stroke; it may have been
nothing but a weakness of theirs, but it was more
than they could stand. They joined the ranks of
the confederates, and interposed a line of gleaming
bayonets between their property and those who
would take it away; and beyond all that, itkindled
into a flame seven times fiercer than ever felt be-
fore the mortal enmity of the southern heart.
This may have been wise and judicious. I beg
leave, however, to differ. In myjudgmentan over-
reach of the Constitution to proclaim fieedom to
millions of blacks affords staple for the dema-
gogue; consequently the misery and wretchedness
the country endures on account of it are of no
earthly account.
For an explanation of the additional burdens
imposed upon the white laboring classes at the
North to support this folly of follies, I refer the
other side to the able and exhaustive spcech of
my distinguished friend from Indiana, [Mr. Ho i.-
man.] .
Leaving the proclamation to slumber in the
charnel house where, shrouded in the habiliments
of death repose the brains of the Republican party,
let us pass on to the act approved July 17, 1862,
to seize and confiscate the property of rebels, &c.
, This act provides for the immediate seizure of all
j the estate and property, money, stocks, credits,
' and effects of those who were at the time of the
passage of the act holding high office, civil and
military; and in section six this act provides that
the property of any person engaged in the rebel-
lion shall suffer confiscation, including estates,
money, stocks, and credits, unless within sixty
days after the proclamation of the President,
which is provided for in the act, such persons
shall return to their allegiance. .
On the 35th of July, 1862, the President issued
