1000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March $,
forbids the acceptance of presents without the consent of
Congress. In a case of doubt, however, it may be consid-
ered preferable to refer the matter to Congress, as had been
done in the instance of the Highlander.
I have the honor to be. sir, your obedient servant,
2 WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
Hon. Cka.ri.es Sumher, Chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. The committee have had the
subject under consideration, and have directed me
to report the resolution which has been, read,
wMcn would- be in the nature of an answer by
the Senate to the message of the President.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. SXJMNER. In order to finish this sub-
ject, 1 will ask the Senate to take up and indefi-
nitely postpone the joint resolution we had under
consideration the other day with reference to the
master of the schooner.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution' (S. No. 20) giving the assent of Congress
to the acceptance of a watch from the British
Privy Council of Trade, by the master of the
American schooner Highlander, was indefinitely
postponed.
JOHN DICKSON.
Mr. MORGAN. I am instructed by the Com-
miitceonMilitaryAlFaii'sandthoMiluia, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 296) for the bene
fit of John Dickson of Illinois, to report it back,
and ask that it be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope that bill will not be
referred to the Committee on Claims, but that it
will be taken up for consideration at this time. I
have no doubt but that if the Senate spend two
minutes in hearing the report of the House of
Representatives, it will be passed without a dis-
senting voice. It is a case of extreme hardship,
in which a man will be ruined unless he receives
relief before next Saturday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thcfirst question
will be on agreeing to the report of the commit-
tee.
The report was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Senator from
Iowa now asks the Senate to give its unanimous
consent to consider tins bill at the present time.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the hill (I {. R. No. 296) for the benefit
of John Dickson, of Illinois, as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs that the sum of $21,000 he
paid to John Dickson, of Illinois, to compensate
nim for the damages he sustained by reason of the
failure of J. W. Uejger, quartermaster of United
States volnnteeis, to receive one hundred thousand
bushels of corn tendered him by Dickson, under a
contract therefor.
Mr. WiLLEY. t hope that this bill will pass.
1 have the report of the committee of the House
of Representatives which I will ask may be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows: ,
TheCornmitteeon MilHaiyAlfatr ,to whom was refened
the petition ofJohn Oickson, torfoinpcnwition fur damage*
on account of rim itou-aecoptauce ot' one hundred thousand
bushels ot corn by the Government, m puiMianee of a con-
tract m.ulc by Ool'mrl Uelger,quaneimaMcr at Baluinme,
beg leave to ii'port:
Thai they tied that the statements contained In the fol-
lowing letter ot Mr. i)iek.-.ouaie Hue, and they report a bill
for Ijh ichef,giving Intn the actualdifference beuveen the
contract pin e—levtnty five centspei bushel—agteed to be
paid by ilie Government and ptiee realized hy f)iek-on for
the com when he was obliged to sell it m the nnuketof
ftaltimoi", namely, Iifty-loin cent*. This is twenty-one
cent* per bu*hel? amounting to $21,000. Thisdoe.-, notm-
clude anything lor storage, drayage, or interest.
Washington, I). C., F<~ Iruary 2G, 18GL
My Dj:\r Sir: Agreeable to jour leques-t I hand you
the following Aifttement:
In the mouth or December, 1661,1 purchased of J. W.
Bell, ot Illinois a contiaet made with lum by the Govern-
ment, at Haiti more. on the '28th (lav of November, loGl, t'oi
the delivery of one hundred tiioiwuid bushels ol com, to be
deliveicd in Oalthnoieai - ixry mm: eem- pej l>u-bel,and mx
cciit^ per I>u-helfoi Hie .-aeU—in all .-evenry (iveemts per
bushel. ! agreed to p.iy Bell tfMOO toi tin- eontiaet, ptovid<*d
the quarteuna-ter at Baltimore would -arietion the assign-
ment ot the contract bv Bel! to me. i liepoMted the ino'iej
With aaciitieman iu Chicago. And I wa^totak< rheconttaet
ami 20*011 to Haliunore. and if iiie quartet ma-ler would ac-
knowledge the contiaet and the alignment to be rmlit and
con ecu then 1 was to ielegiaph the gentleman in Chicago
to pay over the mon«w to Bell. I came on to Baliimore;
called upon tlieqnarterma^ei, (Vla]oi Belgei;) showed him
tlie eoimuct with the a-M<rmnent hy Hell, lielgei a--ured
me that it was all light, and would be eauied out, and or-
dered my name to be putonhis book* in Ihc place of Bell s ;
airio, when he made out hi:-report ot contiaets made with
different parties, I was one of the contiaetors named; and
lay name and eontiact were aent with othet-J to the lecoivnr
of produce at the Camden station ot the Baltimore ami
Ohio railroad, but there was no order sent to receive the
corn, and I was put off from day to day for two months,
the quartermaster stating that they had no capacity to dis-
pose of the corn, for they had such quantities on hand, and
at the same time were receiving coin from other parties at
two cents per bushel more than I was to get for mine.
After waiting over two months, I made a written tender of
the corn to him. He then referred me to the Quartermaster
General in Washington, arid when 1 called upon him he
said they had more corn on hand than he could dispose of,
but wanted to know why Belger referred these things to
him, as he (Belger) made the contract.
i held the corn until the month of June, 1862, paying
storage. It was duiing this month that the Quartermaster
General refused to icceive the corn. Then I was compelled
to sell on a low market indiot weather, receiving at an av-
erage of fifty-four cent? per bushel, leaving me at a loss of
twenty-one cents per bushel, besides storage and the inter-
est, of money that i had borrowed to purchase the corn and
bags with. After I paid lor the bags and com, and ex-
penses, I could not have made over one cent per bushel.
However, I fulfilled my part of the contract in good faith. 1
never once thought but what, the Government, through her
agents, would do the same by me. I borrowed the money
to pay for the corn and expenses, and my neighbors in-
doised tuv notes, with the expectation that f would return
the money 111 suxtydayp. I was not able to do *o owing to
the Government failing to receive the corn. When I re-
turned home I relieved my indorsee by giving tru-t deeds
upon my propeity, which deeds matured several months
ftince. I paid 011 them what money I leeeived, and the
time has been extended until now. I expended several
thousand dollars ot my own, which leaves me now more
than tfOjjOOO wor c off than when I commenced. In the
mean time I was struck down bv apoplexy, caused by ex-
citement and ovei-cxertion, and tain now 1 tuned in health
and property. The President has three times indorsed me
and my claim, and lequested lhat I should be relieved.
The Committee on Military Affairs of the last Congress
made a unanimous report in my favor. Tt passed two lead-
ings in Confess without a dissenting voice. Judge Olin,
the chahman of the committee, assured me that the case
was too plain for a doubt; 1 teel that the claim is as honest
and as just as Heaven it<elf. I pray for relief, and to this
honoiable committee, to save me fiom bankruptcy and
want, yow in my advanced age. If I have don<* anj thing
wrong on my pint, then 1 do not want if; but if 1 have hon-
estly done my duty, then save me ; deieat and disappoint-
ment will *>end me to my grave. I plead that I have served
the Government as an honest, loyal man should do, and
should not the Government hetaithful toiler engagement^?
In the name of God and justice I appeal to the honorable
committee to examine my ease, and it' tbev m their judg-
ment counter it 311st, I will hope to get immediate relief
that will save me from tiouble and my piopertvftom being
sacrificed. It mint be done at once oi it will be too late.
And 1 will ever pray.
Your obedient servant,
JOIIN DICKSON, of Illinois.
lion. It. C. f^oiiENCKj Chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Jljfairsj Jl~ushin«t07i, District of Columhia,
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oidered to a third reading, was rend
the thud time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE-
A message from the House of Representatives,
hy Mr. Mc.Piierso.y, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the bill
of the Senate (No. 30) to establish a uniform
system of ambulances iu the armies of the United
States, with amendments; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 220) to vacate and sell the present
Indian leservutions in Utah Territory and to set-
tle the Indiana of said Territory in the Uinta
valley;
A bill (No. 301) to amend an act for enrolling
and calling out the national forces, bo as to in-
cieuse the rank, pay, and emoluments of the
Pruvost Marshal General; and
A bill (No. 30:2) toamend section nineof the act
approved July 17,18(i2, entitled "An act to define
the pay and emoluments of certain officers of the
Ainiy, and for other purposes."
BILLS BJiCOMK LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mi'.Nicolay, ins Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed on
the <Sfh instant the following lulls :
A bill (S. No. L~>) to incorporate the Washing-
ton City {Savings Batik;
A bill (S. No. 19) for the relief of L. F. Car-
tee;
A bill (S. No. 39) to authorize the enrollment
and license of the steam-tugs B. F. Davidson
and W. K. Mutr;
A bill (S. No. dl) to apportion the expenses
of the levy couit of the comity of Washington
upon the basis of population; and
A bill (S. No. 110) for the relief of John II.
Shepherd and Walter K. Caldwell of Missouri.
PRINTING 01? BILLS AND REPORTS. |
On motion of Mr. DOOLiTTLE, it was ;
Ordered, That the bill to provide for the better organiza-
tion of Indian affairs iu California be printed.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, That the bill to regulate certain proceedings in
criminal and civil cases, and for other purposes, be printed.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicated to the Senate on the 7th instant, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, be printed".
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That three thousand copies of report No. 25
on bill S. No. 99, to secure equality before the Jaw in the
courts of the United States, be printed for the use of the
Senate.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. POWELL gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to prevent theSecre-
tary of War and others engaged in the military
service of the United States from interfering with
the freedom of religion.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 33) to enable the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to obtain the title to certain property in Car-
son City, and Territory of Nevada, for the pur-
poses of a branch mint located in said place; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce aj^ill (S. No.
157) for the relief of the citizens of the town of
Denver, in the Territory of Colorado; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
PRINTING OF THE LAWS.
Mr. RIDDLE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee 011 Printing be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of causing the laws, as the
.same are passed, from time to time during the session of
Congress, to be printed for the use of the Senate.
REPEAL OF FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. HARDING. I move to postpone all prior
orders, and that the Senate take up House bill
No. 1IG, in relation to university lands in Wash-
ington Territory.
Mr. SUMNER. I call for the special order. I
must remind the Chair that there is a special or-
der for this hour, half past twelve o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
of the day is now before the Senate. It escaped
the recollection of the Chair, or the Chair would
have called it up precisely at the hour named.
The bill (S. No. 141) to repeal all acts for the ren-
dition of fugitives from service or labor is now
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Secretary to read the
order of the Senate making that bill the special
order, for the information of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 can explain it to the Sena-
tor. A few days ago I asked to have tins bill
taken up in order to have it made a special order,
and there was a formal vote to that effcct.
Mr. DAVIS. I remember the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts, but I want to hear
the exact terms of the order of the Senate. I will
suggest, with the permission of the Senator, that
it is my purpose to debate that bill; butl promise
that my remarks upon it shall be short. I desire
also to speak on the bill that was under consid-
eiation when the Senate adjourned yesterday even-
ing, and I do not wish to make two speeches on
different subjects on the same day.
Mr. SUMNER. Would it be more agreeable
to the Senator, then, to go on now with the other
bill?
Mr. DAVIS. That will be perfectly agreeable
to me.
Mr. SUMNER. My object is to press the bill
that is now before the Senate to a decision a* soon
as possible. I am not aware of there being many
Senators who can desire to debate it. I believe
the discussion therefore will be very brief. In-
deed, I did hope that we might have a vote upon
it without debate. But still, as the Senator ex-
presses a desire to debate it, I certainly wiil not
