2952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June I t,
his proclamation of warning to all persons liable
to be affected by the act.
Nearly two years have passed, sir, since this
act went into operation. In a tew places and on
the borders of two or three States the act of con-
fiscation has had a practical effect; estates have
been seized and confiscated; slight revenues to the
Government have thereby gone into the national
Treasury; a few persons have been turned out,
hou^less and homeless into the streets; the greed
of the officers charged with the execution of the
law has been partially satisfied; the radical hu-
manitarian and Utopian theorist have en joyed the
partial fulfillment of their dreams of dividing up
and realizing easy profits from the large estates of
the South. But, sir, if possible it gave additional
incentives to the owners oflanded property South
to oppose with all their might the military power
of the North, which alone is the only power that
can enforce the provisions of the law. From these
two distinguishedactsofthe Administration noth-
ing but misery, bloodshed, and desolation have
followed m their train; by them the war has been
prolonged, millions on millions have been added to
the national debt;thousandsofthe bravest and best
of our citizen soldiery have lost their lives in
consequence. In the idea of emancipation and
confiscation the great and only legitimate object
of the war has been lost sight of, and they have
led directly to the adoption of the theories of sub-
jugation and extermination.
The Union, as presented to the South by the
abolition party, is nothing more nor less than the
acceptance of a master who is to prescribe their
laws and regulate their internal police.
Forcible arguments have now been put into their
mouths to resist, step by step, force with force,
the encroachments of an Administration which,
in its blind zeal to gratify the lunacy of fanatics,
throws down all constitutional barriers and leaps
headlong into the whirlpool of anarchy and mis-
rule. "lime would fail me to specify one half of
the radical mistakes Mr. Lincoln has made. I
have no heart to go over the list; they are before
the American people. The whole bill of indict-
ments is being drawn by the accused himself.
The trial of Abraham Lincoln will not prove a
farce, and no packed jury, armed by bayonets,
will be able to acquit htm. I may reason wrong;
but I believe the name of the President will go
down to posterity along with the deep execra-
tions of all who revere and love the Union as our
fathers gave it to us.
Our soldiers in the field deserve and have ever
received from this side of the House the warmest
sympathy and support. Their own individual
interests have and ever will be among our most
sacred trusts. They went out to defend the flag
of their country, and to bring back under the Con-
stitution the seceded States. They have illus-
trated on every battle-field the valor and prowess
of American arms. They could do no more.
"They have done enough to accomplish the Line
object of the war, and would have Jane more but
for the interference of ambitious, scliiwh, and de-
signing politicians.
Mr. Speaker, the llag of our country is dear
to me. i have carried it all over the world, and
beneath that sacred emblem of our nation's power
1 have in every foreign hind, among civilized and
uncivilized nations, leaiizod the influence of its
protection. I have never felt that it was de-
signed for the benefit of any State or section, bin
that under itail wereahke equal. That/lag I still
intend to uphold and defend. I see in it nothing
to warrant oppression oreonimitment of crime in
the saered mime o( liberty. As has been well said
by the able patriot from the city of New York,
[Mr. Brooks,] traitors to the Constitution are
those who violate it; those who depart from it
are like the marineratsea without a compass, and
although the truly loyal men stand as lights all
over the country to keep the ship of State away
and free fiom the rocks and shoals whither it is
drifting, oui good intentions are always disregard-
ed and often treated with contempt.
More than once, sir, I have ridden on the mount-
ain waves of the ocean, clinging to a portion of
the wreck of my noble ship; the small boat,some
friendly planl; or spar, has been the means of
saying my ht'e. So, su, amid the general wreck
of States, and floating about as we arc on the
waves of this tempestuous ocean of civil war, I
will cling to thu Constitution as my only hope of
refuge and safety. To refuse its aid would be
madness.
Mr. COPPROTH. Mr. Speaker, when I en-
tered this Hall at the opening of this session,!
had determined not to participate in any general
debate, ft was my intention to be a listener and
not a talker. This resolve would have been faith-
fully kept had it not been for the extraordinary
legislation that has been pressed upon the House
—legislation, in ray opinion, which is not only
subversive of the interests of the people, but which
erects an insurmountable barrier to the restoration
of the Union. The resolution before us proposes
to amend the Constitution, made by the patriots of
the Revolution,so as to abolish slavery through-
out the United States. It proposes to set free four
million ignorant and debased negroes to swarm
the country with pestilential effect. It is to carry
out the design of the bad and wicked men whose
fanatical teaching-has produced the terrible blood-
shed and destruction of life through which we
are now passing.
Sir, we should pause before proceeding any fur-
ther in this unconstitutional and censurable legis-
lation. The mere abolition of slavery is not my
cause of complaint. 1 care not whether slavery
is retained or abolished by the people of the
States in which it exists—the only rightful au-
thority. The question to me is, has Congress a
right to take from the people of the South their
property; or, in other words, having no pecuni-
ary interest therein, arc we justified in freeing
the slave property of others? Can we abolish
slavery in the loyal State of Kentucky against
her will? If this resolution should pass, and
be ratified by three fourths of the States—States
already free—and Kentucky refuses to ratify it,
upon what principle of right or law would we be
justified in talcing this slave property of the peo-
ple of Kentucky ? Would it be less than stealing?
This legislation has a tendency not only to
create discord amongthe people of the North, but
has a power so immense the mind cannot calcu-
late its weight in giving strength and force to the
rebellion. It fulfills all the prophecies of the South
concerning the North. They have been bolster-
ing up and maintaining their Army by asserting
that the people of the North intended, to confis-
cate their homes and rob them of their slave prop-
erty. The one has already been put in force by
an unconstitutional enactment, and you now pro-
pose to do the other by the same process of ille-
gality. These acts constitute the propelling power
which has filled southern armies. The fanatical
legislation of this Congress has been of more
value to the South, in giving them large armies,
than all the conscriptions they have passed or
bounties they have paid. Men who were attached
to the old Union, but placed under circumstances
to be of little service to it, and who have been
waiting with beating hearts to be again sheltered
under the old flag, arc now forced, not only into
sympathy with the rebellion, but into hearty co-
operation. They have no other resort. To re-
main idle now is to lose all they have. In their
opinion, to sustain the rebellion retains to them
their property.
If slavery is to be abolished, allow it to be done
according to the principles of common justice.
Allow the people in each State the inalienable
right, through their legally constituted authori-
ties, to control their own domestic institutions in
their own way. This was the doctrine held by
statesmen whose passions and prejudices did not
blind them to a coi lect idea of light.
President Harrison saw the disunion purposes
of the abolitionists and slavery agitators at an
early day, and expressed the following opinion:
" I am, and luivo been, for many years', po much opposed
to slavery, that I will never live m a slave Slate. Jlut 1
believe the Constitution lias given no power to the General
Government to niteriere in tins matter, and that to have
slaves ot iii) slaves depend* upon tiio people in each State
alone, j'.iit besides the constitutional objection, 1 am per-
suaded that the obvious tendency officii inteiteience on
ihe pair <>1 the Slater \% hich have, no r-lave.^ with the prop-
erty ot their lel!ow-eitizen* of the othois, is to produce a
state ot diM'ord and jealousy, that will, in the <-i>d. prove
latal to the Union, f believe that In no other Stare an:
sueh wild and dangeious sentiment^ entertained on tins
subject as m Ohio."
Sir, I do not deny the right of Congress to
amend the Constitution of the United States for
the benefit of the people, but 1 do deny the right
of Congress to amend the Constitution to the de-
struction of the right of the people to hold prop-
erty. It never was intended by the framers of
the Constitution, nor by any of the great men
who ruled this country, that the dominant party,
blinded by prejudice, should alter or amend the
Constitution to the injury of the weaker section."
If the North has the power to take from the South
their property, it follows that if the South ever
gets the power, she would havethesame rightto
take our property, and the result would be that
instead of the Constitution protecting the people
it would be turned into a power to oppress them.
The Democratic party has been exerting its
power to restrain legislation to its proper chan-
nel, and for this it is daily stated upon this floor
and elsewhere that the Democrats are in sympa-
thy with the rebellion. What a libel upon that
great party! Its great principles, its pure devo-
tion to the country, and its never-dying fealty to
the doctrine of man's capacity for self-govcrn-
ment, can receive these shocks of vituperation
with as little effect as the mighty oak, that has
planted its roots deep into the mountain side, re-
ceives the peltings of the storm. Let history
speak for the Democratic party. Under its con-
trol this nation grew from thirteen penniless col-
onies to thirty-four mighty States. Under its
control the forests, where the red man roamed un-
molested, have been felled, and mighty cities have
sprung up, with their spires piercing the clouds.
Under its control the ola road wagon had scarcely
pulverized the stones of the macadamized pikes
upon the mountains, until the iron horse flew
with lightning speed through their bowels. It was
under its control the sails of our vessels whitened
every navigable stream in the world and the ftag
of our country protected American citizens in
every clime. Under its control, when foreign
nations were suffering for food, the old ocean
was made to groan beneath the weight of provis-
ions sentto a starving people. Under its control
science, agriculture, and the mechanical arts be-
came so perfect and harmonious that the Old World
wondered in amazement at the scientific advance-
ment of our people. Under its control the people
of all climes and countries were invited to make
this their home, where they might worship God
according to the dictates of their own conscience,
and under theirown "vine and fig-tree." It was
under the control of this same Democratic party
that vast and boundless territory was acquired.
The great Northwest was molded by the hand of
the Democracy. That beautiful country, which
was once a wild and waving prairie, is now dotted
with habitations as the stars dot the heavens above
us, and her cattle are feeding upon a thousand
lulls. It was under Democratic control that"em-
pire marched onward"until the flag of ourcoun-
try was placed upon the highest peaks of the
Rocky mountains,
" Whose va«t walls
li.ive pinnacled in elomls their snowy fecnlp*,
And throned ctrnutyin icy hutis
Of cold bubiimity."
Under Democratic rule the monster barriers of
the lloeky mountains proved 110 impediment to
the onward march of American civilization and
constitutional government, and the adjoining
valley was acquired, whose loveliness and beau-
ty are described as rivaling the magnificence of
the garden of Eden, The Democratic party not
contcnt with even all these splendid acquisi-
tions took the " empire onward" and crossed the
Sierra Nevada mountains, and planted the fldij
of the free upon the golden soil of California
and gave us a "domain of more than imperial
grandeur. its valleys teem with unbounded
fertility, and its mountains are filled with inex-
haustible treasures of mineral wealth. The nav-
igable rivers run hundreds of miles into the in-
tenor, and the coast is indented with the most
capacious harbors in the world. The climate is
more healthful than any other on the globe, thu
vegetation is moie vigoious, and the products
more abundant; the face of the eaith is nioro
varied, and the sky bends over it with a lovcliir
blue. Everything in it is made upon a scale of
magnificence which a man living in such a com-
monplace region as ours can scarcely dream of,
" c Which hi4? pyes must sre
To know how beuutitu! thi.s world can be.'"
No political organization of any country or age
can show so glorious a record, so free from blun-
ders and ciimes, and so rich in valuable achieve-
ments. The unexampled progress of the country
