W6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
ernora have fled, the local organizations have
been dissolved, and their territories are now
under military occupation by the armies of the
Union, or under provisional governors appointed
by the Executive. This fact alone, as it seems
to me,.invoLves the admission that they are no
longer in the Union. If they are, that occupation
is unlawful. If their governments are dissolved,
however, they must,,of course, be reconstructed
under the auspices of the conquering power, and
that not by the Executive, but by the Legislature of
the Union, whose sword he bears, and which only,
consistently with the -genius of our institutions,
the past practice of the Government, and the let-
ter as well as spirit of the Constitution, can ven-
ture to determine what use shall be made of the
territories conquered by it, and when and upon
what terms they shall be readmitted into full
communion as members of this Government. It
is not certainly the military power that is to reor-
ganize, and modify, and breathe new life into their
defunct constitutions. Until the end of subjuga-
tion is achieved and the resistance entirely over-
come, so as to give place safely to the reestab-
lishment of the civil authority, a military occu-
pation is indispensable, of course. When that
period arrives, the sword must be sheathed, and
the Territory return to the direction of the law-
making power, which will prescribe the rule for
its government, and allow to its people the privi-
lege of reorganizing under republican forms, I
call it Territory and invoke the law that gov-
erns there, because 1 know of no intermediate
condition. To permit any executive officer to
declare its law, and set it in motion, and place it
under the control of a minority—a mere tithe
of its citizens—with power to send delegates to
Congress with representation unimpaired and un-
affected— eve.n though he should reenact a purt of
its abrogated constitution—would be,asl think,
a monstrous anomaly,a violation of fundamental
principles, and a precedent fraught with great
danger to republican liberty. Here is the di-
lemma. To come back into the Union, it must
either be born anew or come back wiih all its
rights unimpaired, except those material ones
which have been destioyed in the progress of the
war. There is, I think, no middle ground, as
there is no power either here or elsewhere to pre-
scribe terms which shall abridge the lights or
privileges of a State that has not been out of the
Union, or returns to it in virtue of its original
title.
When I suggest, however, that these States are
oui, U is with this important qualification, that
they are out in point ot'Jact, with a forfeiture of
all theirlruiiciiisesas members thereof, whenever
the issue of battle shall have been decided against
them; but subjects of it anil—members, if you
choose—in legal contemplation, sso fur as re^aids
their obligations and duties under the Constitu-
tion,and our right to visit them with punishment
for the delinquency, proportioned to the magni-
tude of their offence. They are in for conection,
but not for heirship; just like the unnatural child
who hasattempted the crime of parricide, and only
succeeded in dyeing his murderous hands in the
blood of his loyal brethren. It is bad logic to infer
that because they are out without our consent,
and have foifeited their rights thereby, that fact
must be attended with a like forfeiture of our
own. Nor would I, as already intimated, he un-
derstood as admitting that they are out as to for-
eign Powers, who must respect our title, although
our possession may be ousted, and heat the con-
teat in all respects as a domestic one. No Amer-
ican of the right spirit would allow even a ques- j
tion of this sou to enter into our diplomatic
correspondence with fbioign Powris, or consent !
to compromise our dignity and self-respect, which
are at hist the best security of nations, by nncov-
eiing the maternal bosom to the rude and insult-
ing gaze oj the stranger, and inviting his inter-
ference, either by misrepresenting the aims of
our loyal citizens, or beseechingly deprecating his
displeuhiue. i trust that our just pride as a peo- !
pie will not be again wounded by the production t
of unodkr book like the diplomatic confessions <
of!8G2. i
T!t suggested, however, by a gentleman from j
New Yoi k, on the other side of the House, [Mr. i
Fernando W oodJ that while we on this side are !
claiming to be for the Union, the enunciation of |
these doctrines by my able colleague [Mr. Ste- j
\ens] amounts to a declaration that we are no
longer a Union party. The meaning of this, ifit
means anything,is, that because the rebel States
are out, without any agency of ours, but with a
large share of the* responsibility on the heads of
those who, like the gentleman himself, encouraged
the defection by their servility or by the assurance
that they were opposed to coercion—as they op-
pose itnow—and taught them to believe that they
could go out with perfect impunity, and that New
York and Pennsylvania would go out along with
them—the mere statement of the fact that they
were outis evidence that the party of the Admin-
istration on this floor is not in favor of the pres-
ervation of the Union ! Well, we are in favor,
at all events, of preserving all that is left of it, and
intend, with the blessing of God, to win back
the residue, and pass it through the fire until it
shall come out purged of the malignant element
that has unfitted it for freedom. But what does
the honorable gentleman himself, what do those
who vote with him really think on this subject?
Does he, do they believe that the rebel States are
not out? If he does notlook upon them as a new
and independent power in the commonwealth of
nations why does he propose to treat with them,
i not with the revolting States singly, but with " the
1 authorities at Richmond ?" IIow is it that in his
own resolution he proposes, in totidem verbis, the
"offer to the insurgents of an opportunity to re-
turn to the Union?" Who are the " authorities
at Richmond?" Will he inform us whether they
are a people known fo our Constitution, or how
these States are to return to the Union if they
were never out of it? His tongue confesses it
unwittingly—1 will not say like Balaam's, who
blessed when he intended to curse—but just as
did that of the Louisiana claimant who, profess-
ing to rest on the same doctrine, stood before this
House unconsciously testifying m the same way.
He stands, therefore, self-condemned by his own
logic, as no Union man. I will allow him, how-
ever, the advantage of the admission that it is
but a slipshod logic that cannot distinguish be-
tween the law and the fact. But that is true of
himself and his party which he unjustly charges
upon my colleague. The difference is just this,
that although the rebels have spurned and spit
upon their northern auxiliaries, lejected all their
overtures, and declared that they will no longer
associate with them upon any terms, and are not
willing that they should even come " betwixt the
wind and their nobility," he wishes to treat for the
privilege of serving them, while we propose to
fight lor the purpose of chastising them into sub-
mission. This may be the result only of a dif-
ference of taste; but all histoiy attests that there
always are, as there always will be, men who love
to wear the livery of a master, and are uncom-
fortable without it; who regard the collar as a
badge of distinction, and would, at all events,
rather carry it than cpiarrel with it. No wonder,
therefore, at the opinion so often expressed by
men of this sort in relation to the black man,
that he would neither run away, nor bear arms
against his master or anybody else. They did
him injustice in supposing that he was like them-
selves. Pompey, who was an involuntary slave,
is tending toward the north star with a musket
in his hand, while his white non-combatant sub-
stitute, a voluntary slave, is rushing southward
with the olive-branch m his hand, into the patri-
archal arms.
The objection rests, however, as I suppose,
upon the remark that our right to deal with the
rebel States after they shall have been reduced to
submission by force of arms is not a question
under the Constitution but outside of it. i desire
to say, once for all, that I do not concur in this
opinion, because I find the war power in the Con-
stitution with all Its incidental consequences. If
it is not there, the case is without remedy.
The doctrine of my colleague, that these States
are out of the Union, may seem at first blush ex-
treme. Some peopie may think it radical, but it
is none the less palatable to me on that account
War is a radical disease,and radical diseases are
only to be treated by radical means. One earnest
and decided man is worth, in times like these,
a regiment of temporizers; and that is precisely
the reason why ttie inherent weakness and pov-
erty of the insuigents have been able to match
the overwhelming numbers and resources of the
North. These aie no times for what are falsely
called conservative men, just because they are
wedded to old abuses, and only hug them the
closer when they have proved most destructive.
I like bold .thinkers and operators. Timid coun-
sels have ruined many a State; they have never
saved one, and never will. It may be a paradox,
but if conservatism has ever operated to save a
nation in such a erisis as ours, it Ijas only been,
as here, by acting as the dead-weight upon the
plowshare, which has retarded its progress, but
made it run so deep into the virgin soil as to
make its work a radical one. The man who is
ahead of his contemporaries is always denounced
as a daring and dangerous innovator, and happy
if he is not martyred as the apostle of a new faith
for the singularity of his opinions. I beg gen-
tlemen to reflect, however, whether there is any
solid ground short of this on which they can put
down their feet with safety. The " middle pas-
sage"—it was the same, I believe, in which the ne-
gro was heaved overboard—the "medio tutissimus
ibis"—the path of traffic and of compromise—is
not the one which we can hold safely in, a storm like
this. If these States are in the Union, with all
their rights and privileges unimpaired, they may
return to-morrow, even without submission, after
being conquered in the field, to conquer their con-
querors in the councils of the nation. The most
accomplished of the Roman poets remarks that
''conquered Greece subdued her barbarian con-
queror, and introduced the arts into unpolished
Latium." The contrary will be the case here.
The barbarian will come back into your Halls.
The northern Democrat will rush into his arms.
The two elements, like kindred drops, by an attrac-
tion a good deal stronger than that of miscegena-
tion,will meltincontinently into one. The old bar-
gain will be renewed—"Give us the spoils, and
you may take the honors and the power, and rob
the northern soldier, the sick and the maimed,
the widows and the orphans of the gallant dead,
of the miserable pittance which this Government
is pledged to provide for them." The proclama-
tion of freedom will be revoked; your acts of
Congress repealed; your debt repudiated unless
you will assume theirs;and yourselves, perhaps,
ejected from these Halis. The result is already
foreshadowed in the events of the present Con-
gress, wherein—not to speak of other of your
past experiments in dealingfyith that element—a
signer of the secession ordinance of Louisiana,
permitted to walk the streets of this capital, and
enter this Hall, as others were permitted, less
than three yearsago, to goout of it, unquestioned,
was allowed to vote upon a bogus certificate of a
bogus governor, and to vote negatively with the
Democracy upon the qualifications of the mem-
bers of Congress now representing the loyal Statu
of Maryland. And the effect will be, that forall
your great expenditures and all your bloody
sacrifices, you will have won back, not peace, but
a master—the "old master," in negro phraseol-
ogy—who governed you before—as turbulent, as
vindictive, and as fetocious as ever. If they had
chosen to remain with us, under the idea that they
were not out, they might, by their superior tact
and address, and their habitual control of'the
northern Democrats, have so embarrassed us as
to render it utterly impossible to carry on a war
against them. If they had consented to return
in answer to the prayers of their bereaved friends,
or to the message sent through Count Mercier to
Richmond, about which an adjourned question of
veracity is still, I believe, depending between very
friendly belligerents, who exchange hostile mes-
sages in the improved shape of invitations toState
dinners, we should have been lost. I have al-
ways regarded it as a special providence that
the arrogance engendered by their ownership in
men, both white and black, and the contempt
with which they looked upon their vassals hete,
should have prevented them from retaining or re-
turning to their places in Congress, 01 even hold-
ing out the idea that a compromise was possible.
Say that they are in the Union as before, and all
yonr sacrifices have been idle, and all the blood
spilled by you has sunk into the earth in vam.
Bring them back,and you cannot even bind theni
by gratitude, or purge them by oaths, of which
they make no account, as the whole history of
therebdhon, which began in perjury,abundantly
shows—which are like the ribbons that were in-
sultingly stretched by the Parisian mob in front
of the Tuillenes to piotect the ill-fated king and
