1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBED
in wealth and power, and its peaceful, prosperous,
and happy condition before this war,were there-
suit of the wise and patriotic policy of the Dem-
ocratic party. Can the Democratic party in this
"the hour of the country's desolation forget its past
history ? The shouts of fifteen hundred thousand
Democrats answer no. The mission of the De-
mocracy is to save our wrecked and divided coun-
try, and, with the help of God, relying upon the
justice of our cause, we will unite this distracted
"country in bonds so strong thatfuture causes will
never bring upon us a separation.
The man who with this record before him
charges the Democratic party with disloyalty
I look upon as either a madman or a knave.
When the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Grinnell]
uttered in debate the startling announcement that
he " would rather say a thousand times let the
country be divided, the South go their way, all
slave, and the North all free, than see the coun-
try once more under Democratic rule," I was not
surprised. The history of the gentleman from
Iowa is consistent with this treasonable language.
He declared in a speech he made in Iowa that he
would as soon see his daughter marry a negro as
a Democrat. It well becomes a man of such re-
fined education and exquisite taste to belch forth
his bitterness against the Democratic party of the
country.
Looking at the great progress and power of our
people, the mind naturally asks the question,
what has caused the afflicting and severe troubles
that hang over us; what has caused this beauti-
ful land to be drenched in blood, and brother meet
brother in deadly conflict? I will not attempt to
answer this question myself, but will give the
warning voice of some of the great men who lived
before us. The prophecy they then made is now
being literally fulfilled, and we are reaping the bit-
ter fruits of our disobedience to their advice.
General Washington, in his Farewell Address,
thus admonishes the people :
My eountiymen, frown mtlicnantiy upon every attempt
to alienate am portion of oar country from the rest. He-
ware of sectional organiz a.tions ! of arraying the North
against the South or the South against the STorth. In the
end it will prove fatal to our liberties."
General Jackson had the reputation of<l seeing
through a man ata glance." He has left his sage
counsels for us to ponder over. In his Farewell
Address he says:
" What Itavc you to gain by divisions and dt?^n*fon* ?
Delude not yourselves with the hope that the breach once
made would he afterwards easily repaired. If the Union
is once severed, the separation will grow wider and wider,
and the controversies which are now debated and settled
m the halls of legislation will be tried 111 the field of battle
and dctcimmed by the sword. Neither should you deceive
vourxilves with the hope that the first line of separation
would be the permanent one." * * * * ''Lo-
cal interests would still be found there and unchastened
ambition. If the recollection ofcoinmon dangers, in winch
the people of the United States have stood side by side
asaiiiNt the common foe, the prosperity and happiness they
have enjoyed under the present Constitution—if nil these
recollections and ptools of common Interests are not strong
enough to bind us together as one people, what tie will
hold united the wairing divisions of empire, when those
bonus have been btokeuandtlie Union dissolved ? The first
line of separation would not last long; new fragments
would be torn off; new leaders would spring up, and this
glorious Republic would soon be broken into a multitude of
petty States, aimed tor mutual aggressions; loaded with
taxes, to pav anmesand leaders; seeking aid against each
oilier fiom foreign Powers; u^uiled and trampled upon by
the nations of Kurope, until, haiassod with conflicts and
humbled and deb.w;d in spirit, they would be willing to
submit to a domination of any military ad\ enturer, and sur-
render their liberty for the sake of repose."
Henry Clay, in a speech in Congress as early
as 1839, warned his countrymen against the fa-
naticism of the abolitionists in the following words:
" Abolitionism should no longer be regarded as an imagin-
ary danger. The abolitionists, let me suppose, succeeded
in their piesent aim of uniting the inhabitants of tlte free
States as one man against the inhabitants of the slave
Slates. Union upon one side will beget union on the other,
and this ptoce?  ofreciproeal consolidation will be attended
wit' all tiie violentprejudieos, embittered passions, and im-
placaii!e*hiiimosmes winch ever deluded or deformed hu-
man natute." * * * * "One section will stand in
menacing and hostile airay against tiip other. The col-
lisions oi opinion will be quickly followed by the clash of
aims. I will not attempt to describe scenes which now
happily lie concealed fiom our view. Abohliom^ts ihem-
< <'l\-e*- would .-hunk back m hoi ror at the contemplation of
desolated fields, conilagiated cities, murdered inhabitants,
and {he overthrow oi the lanest fabric of human govern-
ment that ever io?e to animate the hopes of civilized man."
In addition to these warnings and prophecies
might be added like opinions from all the great
statesmen of the country. This advice has been
disregarded, and a party was built up in the North
whose aim was to destroy the institution of sla-
very, either,out of hatred to the people of the
South or false ideas of humanity. They appealed
to the passions of men, and labored to army the
North against the South, and to alienate one sec-
tion from the other. The friendly relations of the
North and South were broken; strife begat strife.
The unjustifiable intermeddling with the institu-
tions or the South fed the bad passions of men
until that section of our once happy country has
taken up arms to destroy the fairest fabric of hu-
man government that ever rose to animate the
hopes of civilized men.
Sir, I need not quote the treasonable utterances
of the opponents of the Democratic party, nor
their threats of violence to the South. i need not
repeat how they exasperated the people of one
section against another*, how they attempted to
murder and did murder citizens of the South in
a wild attempt to abolish slavery; how many jack-
leg itinerant predchers have gone to the South like
the wolf in sheep's clothing to stir up servile in-
surrection, to incite the slave to murder his mas-
ter, and slay the first-born. Sir, this is the his-
tory of the fanatical party that was the inception
and cause of the rebellion. While I do not justify
the rebellion, while I pronounce those engaged
in it guilty of treason, .yea, worse than treason,
if there be such a crime, in truth and justice I
must equally condemn that party which furnished
them the excuse for the rebellion. During all the
agitation preceding and attending secession, the
southern conspirators considered the abolitionists
their best friends. Governor Adams, of South
Carolina, said of them:
" The abolitionists arc our best friends Thank God for
what they have already done; and foi the inestimable bless-
ings they were about to confer, they were entitled to our
warmest gratitude. Their assaults have been unceasing,
but all for our good. They have furnished us a justifica-
tion lor dissolving our connection with them."
In three particulars the abolitionists were the
best friends of the southern conspirators. First,
by furnishing them with the means to excite the
southern masses into rebellion. Second, by ad-
vocating the policy of" letting them go in peace,"
and thus aiding them to establish an "empire
founded on slavery." Third, by pushing the
Government into an extreme policy of Emancipa-
tion and confiscation, uniting the South, dividing
the North, and in effect doubling the relative
strength of the rebellion.
Slavery is denounced aS the cause of the rebel-
lion; I deny this, though it may be the occasion,
as money is the occasion of larceny, robbery, or
burglary. If bad men did not covet their neigh-
bors' money and lay felonious hands upon it and
carry it away, such a crime as larceny would not
be known to the law. If the unjustifiable and un-
lawful intermeddling with slavery had never oc-
curred there would have been no rebellion; the
deadly conflict which is now convulsing the coun-
try from center to circumference would not have
occurred; no fields and beautiful farms devas-
tatedfno loss of thousands of free and happy
people; no graveyards extending from the Poto-
mac to the Mississippi; no people in mourning
for lost friends who fell in battle. We lived four-
score years in peace and prosperity, and the clash
of arms in intestine war was not heard and never
would have been had the people been true to
themselves and their country, by discountenancing
and condemning the fanaticism of the abolition-
ists.
This nation has been ft nation of compromises.
From its foundation and through its growth all
its difficulties and its dissensions have ended in
mutual concessions. The spiritof our genius and
the brilliancy of our destiny have always led us
heretofore to compromise. When this nation was
in the throes of dissolution, before secession had
to any extent captivated the southern heart, we
might have prevented this unnatural war. If
the Crittenden amendments had been adopted
the South would have remained in the Union, and
to-day all would be peace. Fanaticism had tri-
umphed at the polls, and the Presidentelect, for-
getting his country and remaining true only to hid
sectional platform and party, stood a mute ob-
server of the great events which wero passing.
His party triumph was dearer to him than the
interests of his country. His country was for-
gotten, and while on his w'ay to assume the pres-
idential chair he dealt in the slang phrase "no-
body is hurt n Had he been possessed Of the
patriotism of a Clay or a Webster he would have
done.as they did in 1850, forget his party devo-
tion and kneel-at the altar of his country and there
pour the "oil upon the troubled waters,Mand
thus allay the threatening storm. This he could
have done. He had power and influence ever his
own party, and at his suggestion his friends would
have adopted a compromise which would have
Prevented secession and riveted the chains which
ound this Union together in indissoluble bonds.
Was it unbecoming or degrading to the-'pajty
coming into power to haveadoptedthe Crittenden
compromise? Hear the reasonable and just pro-
visions of that preserver of our peace:
"Art*, i. In all the territory of the United States now
held, or hereafter acquired, situated north of latitude 36®
SO', slavery or involuntary servitude, except as a punish-
ment for crime, is prohibited while such territory shall re-
main under territorial government. In all the territory now
held, or hereafter acquired, south of said line of latitude,
slavery of the African race is hereby recognised as exist-
ing, and shall not be interfered with by Congress, butshaU
be protected as property by all the departments of the ter-
ritorial government during its continuance j and when any
Territory north or south of said line, within such bounda-
ries as Congress may prescribe, shall contain the population
requisite for a member of Congress according to the then
Federal ratio of representation of the people of the United
States, it shall, if its formof government be republican, be
admitted into the Union on an equal footing with the ori-
ginal States with or without slavery, as the constitution of
such new States may provide.
"Art. II. Congress shall have iio power to abolish slavery
in places under its exclusive jurisdiction, or within the
limits of States that permit the holding of slaves.
"Art. lit. Congress shall have no power to abolish
slavery within the District of Columbia, so long.as it exists
in the adjoining States of Virginia and Maryland, or either,
nor without the consent of the inhabitants, nor without
just compensation first made to said owners of slaves as
do not consent to such abolishment. Nor shall Congress
at any time prohibit officers of the Federal Government
or members ot Congress, whose duties require them to be
in said District, from bringing with them their slaves, and
holding them as such during the time their duties may re-
quire them to remain there, and afterwards taking them
from the District.
"Art. IV. Congress shall have no power to prohibit or
hinder the transportation of slaves from one State to nn-
other, or to a Territory in which slaves are by law per-
mitted to be held, whether that transportation be by land,
navigable rivers, or by sea.
"Art. V. That in addition t6 the provisions of the third
paragraph of the second section of the fourth article of the
Constitution of the United States, Congress shall have
power to provide by law, and it shall be its duty so to pro-
vide, that the United States shall pay to the owner who
shall apply for it the full value of his fugitive slave in nil
cases where the marshal, or other officers, whose duty it was
to arrest said fugitive, was prevented from so doing by vio-
lence or intimidation, or when after said arrest said fugitive
was rescued by force, and the owner thereby prevented and
obstructed in the pursuit of his remedy for the recovery of
his fugitive slaves under the said clause of the Constitution
and the laws made in pursuance thereof. And in such
cases when the United States shall pay for such lugmve
thev shall have the right in theirown name to sue the county
in which such violence, intimidation, or reseucwas com-
mitted, and to recover from it, with interest and damages,
the amount paid by them for said fugitive slave. And the
said county, after it has paid said amount to the United
States, may, for its indemnity, sue and recover from the
wrong-doers or rescuers, by whom the owner was prevent*d
fiom the recovery of his tugitivc slave, in like manner aa
tiif owner himself might have sued and recovered. *
"Art. VI. No future amendment of the Constitution
shall afreet the five preceding ai tides, nor the third pat i-
graphoi the second scction of the fir-tarticle of the Consti-
tution, nor the third paraciaph of the second section of the
fourth article of said Constitution, and no amendment shall
be made to the Constitution which will authorize or give
to Congress any power to abolish or interfere with slavery
in any of the States by whose laws it is or may be allowed
or permitted."
If these amendments, Mr. Speaker; would have
satisfied the South and saved the Union, the peo-
ple who bear the burden of the war, who pay
heavy taxes, and wb ogive their sons to the Army,
will ask what party is responsible for their de-
feat? I will answer by quoting from the votes
and proceedings in the Senateof the United Slates
whore this compromise originated. On the 3d of
March, 1861, the Crittenden amendments were
voted upon, and the following is the vote:
" Yeas —Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Bright, Crittenden,
Douirlas, Gvvin, Hunter, Johnson, Kennedy, Lane, La-
tbani, Mason, Nicholson, Tolk, I'ugh, llice, Sebastian,
Thomson, and Wigfnll—19.
"Nays —Messrs. Anthony, Bmgmnn; Chandler,Clart,
Dixon, Doohttle, Durken, Fcssenden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Ilarlan, King, Morrill, Sumner,! en Lyck, 1 rum-
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—20."
Of the nineteen who voted yea, seventeen were
Democrats and two southern Americans. 1 lie
twenty who voted na$ were all Republicans, it
the Republicans had voted yea, the country would
have been saved, and no war with all its desola-
ting effects would have been inaugurated, but
party predominated.
