1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
queen of France—and which grave Senators have j
so recently denied your power to prescribe. The
President has dealt kindly with the neutrals. \
Has he propitiated any of them? Our predeces-
sors here have followed the example. Look at
the facts attending our organization, and say
whether even confidence and charity are followed
by either gratitude or loyalty. .No, you must
throw the dissevered fragments, the " disjecta
membra " of this great Government, into a cal-
dron, with a hot (ire beneath, and you may evap-
orate the virus, but not otherwise.
Taking them, however, to be out, or that the
case has passed from under the municipal into
the domain of public law, what is the authority
which that law gives us over the rights and prop-
erty of an enemy?
Before entering on this question, however, I
desire to say a few words in relation to the sup-
plementary resolution which we have been en-
deavoring to amend. I would have been glad, as
I have already stated, to vote for its unconditional
repeal, for the reason that the confiscation and dis-
tribution of the great baronial possessions of the
rebel leaders were, in my judgment, an essential
element in any feasible plan of reconstruction,
and that there were other means under the Con-
stitution than the very inadequate one of the judi-
cial attainder, to reach the estates of those who
had broken the covenant between the Govern-
ment and people. That, as it seems to me, was
the opinion of the men who framed the original
act of 1862. It is tolerably clear, 1 think, from
the history of the resolution by winch it was un-
fortunately supplemented, that it was not in ac-
cordance with the sentiments of that Congress—
as I think it is not with the opinion of the pres-
ent one, or of a majoiity of the people whom it
represents. It was thrown in only, as 1 under-
stand it, to remove the scruples of the Executive,
and to make the best baigaiu that could be had
at that time. That was eighteen months ago.
But nothing was ever said more truly than that
" times change, and we along with them," even
to our material framework, which we shift off as
well as our opinions. The world does move—
as Galileo still insisted even when he was obliged
to recant his ustronomical heresies—although it
sometimes moves slowly. The President moves
too, and slowly also, as he needs must, who is
Called Upon "to bear upon his shoulders the
weight of mightiest monarchies." Everything
moves—except some of our generals—because
war is agreat teacher, and thought quickens and
ripens rapidly undei the fires of revolution. Even
our reluctant and unsympathizing friends on the
other side are hurried along by the resistless cur-
rent that sweeps our statesmen like straws upon
its surface. jNay, even some of my own Repub-
lican auxiliaries on this side have been dutting
with the tide into waters too deep to have been
even searched by the plummet of conservatism.
But a little over tlifee yeats ago, as I can testily,
lie was a bold man, as lie was sure to be a badly
abused one, who would have invoked coercion by
force ofarms,and ventured to hintat the possibility
of the negro,as the soldier who was to be thiown
at last, like the sword of Biennus, as the make-
weight into the scale. Two years ago there was j
scarcely a Republican in this House who would
have voted for the latter proposition. One year
ago every gentleman on the other side would have
revolted at\t, as they had done before tile bom-
bardment ofSumter against coercion. Six months
a-'O the unarmed and defenseless negro was fly-
,ng like a hunted stag and Hying for his lite be-
fore a cowardly and brutal mob in the streets of
the very metropolis of the western hemisphere.
Two years ago the dark-skinned chi.d of the tiop-
ics was struggling slowly up to the unwonted
privilege of clacking his whip over a Fedeial
mule-team, to the horror of all political ethn«l0;
Cifcta and unbelieving conservatives, who houled
denunciations at the Pathfinder of the West, and
shouted ln.sannas to the oiterer at Mauas^,
and the author and promulgator of Ordu iv .
3." NowScipio (Africanus) has a musktt m
revealed as a soldiei anu a
h s iuuid, iuui stunds  ^   " ■ , i u•
■nan. of higher physical and mora, type than his
persecutors themselves, m the light of tlu. fi.ry
that swept the trenches of Fort Warner,
and°under the iron storm that flashed from the
blazing ram paits of Port Hudson, fhe flesh th.U
fed and crisped and crackled in the flame*, of a
metropolitan auto dctfe, has turned out to be hu-
man, and the blood that was licked up by the
devouring element, to be as red and warm as our
own, the physiologists arid philosophers to the
contrary notwithstanding. And now behold the
miracle ! But yesterday, as it were, only forty-
one members of the negro-hating and negro-dis-
paraging party on this floor—hating him in the
name of Democracy as a freeman, but loving him
too much as a slave to "peril his valuable life-
could be brought to vote against buckling the har-
ness of the Union on his back, and anointing him
as the soldier of the great Republic. Yes, the
world does move, and the Executivealong with it.
Looking as he does now from a different stand-
point from that occupied by him eighteen months
ago, I would not despair of his approval of a
bill to repeal absolutely the unfortunate, emascu-
lating, and, as X think, ill-advised joint resolu-
tion of 1862. With all his habitual caution, yield-
ing slowly to his strong convictions of duty and
taking no step backward, he has made even greater
strides than this. I have confidence in his judg-
ment, as the nation has in his integrity. I have
sometimes thought that he was a little slow in a
case where promptitude was worth armies, al-
though I could well appreciate thesense of respons-
ibility that must necessarily weigh upon the man
who holds a trust the most responsible and novel
that has been cast upon any man in the world's
history. I dread nothing but the excess of that
conservative element which is so ill-suited to oc-
casions like the present. These are times when
men cannot afford to doubt, and fear cannot be
safely allowed a place in public counsels. The
aphorism of Junius is but the translation of the
thought of a greater than himself:
" Our doubts are traitors,
That make us lose tlie good we oft might win,
Hy fearing to attempt."
While 1 would have voted, however, for the
repeal of the supplementary resolution, it was not
to that portion of the act providing the punish-
ment of treason in the ordinary forums that I
would have looked for such a remedy as the case
seemed to me to demand. With every disposi-
tion to allow the fullest effect to the argument
that looks in what mightbe called the radical direc-
tion, and claims that the forfeiture may be, in cases
of attainder under the Constitution, of the whole
estate in lands, and with the knowledge that a con-
trolling reason for the change in the English law,
which we had copied, was to be found in the tend-
ency of the earlier practice to break up the es-
tates and families of the great nobility and accu-
mulate their possession? in the fiandsofthe Crown,
1 could not permit myself to be beguiled by my
wishes into the belief that the framers of the Con-
stitution intended anything but what they have
so obviously said. Taking as my guide the platn
language of that instrument, the state of the law
in England and of the prevailing public opinion
there and here at the time of its adoption, together
with the contemporaneous exposition which it
received at the hands of the men who shared so
hugely i" its preparation and advocacy, and the
construction given to the disputed clause by all
the commentators, without a single exception, so
far as I am advised, I cannot bring myself to
doubt at this late day as to its meaning and pur-
pose, however much they may run counter to my
own inclinations. To yield to them, with my
stiong convictions, would be to involve me in an
not of infidelity as well to my profession as to my
legislative trust, by making the wish and not the
judgment " father to the thought." ] must tak;e
'the Constitution as 1 find it written, m spite of
the supposed absurdity of authorizing a for-
feiture for life in the case of a crimc whose usual
penalty is death, and where the very attainder,
which is a legal and social death, determines that
part of the punishment at the very point where
it bcins. If ingenious gentlemen here had ad-
verted to the process of outlawry, so familiar to
British jurisprudence in precisely such cases,and
not entirely unknown to our own, or to the pos-
sibility of annexing a-punishment less than that
of death to the highest of crimes, they would not,
perhaps, have considered the roductio ad absurdwu
as quite so complete as they seemed to think it. If
we are to punish those who flee from justice into
other lands by judicial process, we shall have to
i draw from the lumber rooms of the profession
I the old machinery of the exigent. That we may
come to treat the, highest of crimes as worthy
only of the lightest of punishments is not im-
probable when we find it not only dealt with as
eminently chivalrous and respectable, but'abss,#-
lutely rewarded, by allowing its '.perpetrators'
vote with the minority in,the. orgapizatipji qf
the great council of the nation itself, and gi^inti^g
funeral, honors to their families, without even ,a
rebuke. , ,
With this reading of the disputed clause of tKe
Constitution reluctantly concedcd,and even uador
the opposite hypothesis—-supposing it to be the
true one—I,can.see nothing practical ip the at-
tainder by judicial process, and no remedy therein
for present or prospective evijs, in the nifiictiofi
of punishment upon the -guilty'. The Constitu-
tion provides that "the trial jof.all crimes except
in cases of impeachment shall be- by jury,and
such .trial shall, be held in the State'.wlittre;the
said crimes shall have been committed^" and
again, that "no persofl fihg.ll be held*to answer
for a capital or otherwise, infamous crime junless
on a presentment or indictment by agrand jury;."
and further, that" in all criminal prosecutions .the
pffender shall enjoy the right to a speedy and pub-
lic trial by an impartial jury of the State and dis-
trict wherein the crime shall have been commit-
ted." How, then, are you to try, how^epnyjet
under such limitations as these, where your juris-
diction is ousted, where you are without courts,
and where the jury of the vicinage—the peers of
the delinquent—arc.tbe very partners of hii guilt?
It would be the merest of mockeries to attempt, it.
If the arch-apostate himself were to stalk again
to-morrow intotheSenate Chamber,of thisnation,
reasserting his rights, and' replaiming -hist abdi-
cated seat in that body, you might arrest him, at
is true, but there is no jurisdiction this side of
the Potomac—that river of oblivion -which sweeps
around your capital walls—that could take cogni-
zance of his manifold crimes. Thesalutary guards
which have been borrowed from Magna Oharta
and thrown around the person of the criminal
were not intended for a condition of things like
the present. They suppose a state of universal
peace, where the law shall speak its potential voiee
in all its forums, and through all its accredited or-
gans, andnotacondition ofthings where itsoracles
are silenced, and its priests driven from their"
very altars. The maxims of peace are not suited
to a condition of war. It has run into a proverb
that the laws are silent amid the tumult of arms.
Where the ordinary jurisdiction has been declined
and no common superior is recognized, the case
has passed, ex necessitate, into a higber tribunal
by the election of the recusant himself, and must
be left to the arbitrament which he has chosen,
with all the consequences of a judgment there.
It has not passed, however, beyond the domain
of the Constitution, as the language of my learned
and able colleague [Mr. Stevens] would seem to
import. The men who framed that instrument
foresaw thcexigency with their usual perspicacity,
and with their usual wisdom have prowded for
it, as I think, abundantly. If they have not, then
the late Attorney General was right in declaring
that there was no warrant for waging this war
against the rebellious States, and wrong in pre-
senting himself and his party at the recent elec-
tions in Pennsylvania as the advocates of its vig-
orous prosecution; and then there is no authority
for shooting down a rebel on a battle-field. Those
who insist that there shall be no punishment for
the traitor except by the process of judicial at-
tainder intend that he shall not be punished at
all; mean, if they know whereof they speak, en-
tire immunity as well to him as to his wife and
children for all his crimes.
1 make no account, therefore, of the first tour
sections of the act ot 1862, which, by the way,
involve 110 forfeituie except of property in slaves,
True, they impose fines which may result, as it
was no doubt intended they should do, in the
divestiture of the fee, but whether those fines are
in conflict or not with that provision of the Con-
stitution which declares "that excessive fines
shall not be imposed or cruel and unusual pun-
ishments inflicted," I shall not stop to inquire,
for the reason already suggested, of the utter im-
practicability of making that portion of the law
effective in its application to the guilty parties.
Upon the remaining sections of that act, however
—al ways excepting its expatriation clause, whose
wisdom ata time when the country somuch wanta
