1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2955
it. They had a conviction that these principles
must finally prevail, and their faith sustained
them in a most unequal contest till they were
finally victorious, and won for themselves a name
and place among the nations of the earth.
But their trials did not end with the advent of
peace, and something more must be done if they
would secure the political blessings for which
they had sacrificed so much blood arid treasure.
The partial union of the States under the Articles
of Confederation enabled them to achieve their
independence, but the Government it created pos-
sessed so little power that it could not provide
for the payment of the public debt nor command
the respect of the people. It was apparent to all
that it was necessary to form a more perfect Union
and establish a Government with sufficient powers
for the emergency which called it into being,
and to preserve the liberties and the national in-
dependence which had been so dearly won. In
this crisis of our history, when wise men knew
not what to do, George Washington, our great
leader in the struggle for independence, who I
devoutly believe was raised up by God for this
occasion, called together, for consultation, his
illustrious associates in the Revolution,in the hope
that they might by their united wisdom accom-
plish what the people so ardently desired.
They assembled in Philadelphia, where Con-
gress first proclaimed the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, to devise a way to give force and effect to
its provisions, and, after months spentin solemn
deliberation and discussion, they succeeded in
framing a Constitution so peifect in all its parts
that it seems almost the work of inspiration.
The object of this Constitution was admirably
expressed in its preamble, which declares that—
" We, the people of the United States, in Older to forma
more peifect Union, establish justicc, insuie domestic tran-
quillity, provide for the comnioiHlefen.^e, promote the gen-
era! welfare, and secure the blessing ofhbetty to ourselves
and our posterity, do ordain and establish tins Constitution
for the United States of America."
It established a national Government, with am-
ple powers for all purposes, and promising every
blessing to the people; it was approved and
adopted by them, and thus became the supreme
law of the land. The statesmen and philosophers
of the Old World admired it; the prosperity of the
American people for three quarters of a century
testifies its worth; and we all feel and believe that
it is the grandest work of human genius and
human wisdom the world has ever known. But
while it was adapted to the condition of the coun-
try at that time, the great men who devised it
saw that some change might be necessary in the
future, and wisely provided a way for its amend-
ment so difficult an accidental majority could not
effect it, yet easily accomplished when it was
plainly the wish of the people. Several amend-
ments have been made already, and no one has
questioned their wisdom or doubted their utility.
But the one which we propose is more important
than any that has been offered in the past or that
is likely to be presented in the future. Its adop-
tion is necessary if we wish to carry out the ob-
jects of the Constitution itself as set forth in the
preamble, and remove the only cause of discord
and contention from our midst. We propose to
insert an article prohibiting slavery throughout
the Republic; and unless this is done I fear we
shall experience greater calamities in the future
than we have suffered already.
I am aware that many m this House object to
this amendment, and 1 confess I am amazed at
the opposition to a measure of such vital import-
ance to our country. We are told that slavery is
dead, that the war has destroyed it, and this pro-
vision in the Constitution is unnecessary; but I do
not believe it.
If the rebels should lay down their arms to-day
and submit to the Constitution and laws of the
United States slavery would still exist and con-
tinue to exist increasing in influence and strength
with each succeeding year until it would plunge
us into greater difficulties than we are involved in
riow. If they believe it is dead why object to
making it certain, why not render its resurrection
impossible and set the public mind at rest on this
question forever'
I was surprised to hear it asserted on this floor
that we had no right to amend the Constitution
in the absence of those who are mainly affected
by the provision we would adopt. What, sir J
Have wo no right to change the organic law of
the land when we act in accordance with the pro-
visions of the Constitution itself, obeying it to
the very letter? If the southern States are not
represented it is not our fault, but theirs. Their
Representatives left these Halls voluntarily, with-
out any cause whatever, and if we kit here as the
Congress of the United States in obedience to the
Constitution and the laws what right have they
to complain of our action however it may affect
them?
We are told,too,that this is an interference with
the rights of the people of the slave States, rights
which were solemnly guarantied to them by the
Constitution. Sir, what rights have rebels under
a Constitution which they have set at naught?
What rights under laws they refuse to obey?
What rights under a Government they declare
their determination to destroy? Sir, I cannot un-
derstand the logic of these gentlemen, nor do I
believe them to be serious in their objection. f
Mr. Speaker, the people demand that this shall
be done. There is more unanimity among them
in favor of this measure than any other on which
we are called to act. The men of the country
who are determined to preserve the Constitution
and the Union, and who are pouring out their
blood so freely in their defense are everywhere
in favor of this amendment of the Constitution,
and intensely anxious to see it adopted by this
Congress and submitted to the States for their
approval.
Gentlemen who sit on this floor as the Repre-
sentatives of the people will vote as they think
best, and in accordance, no doubt, with their views
of duty, but I believe that those who vote against
this measure will find it difficult to justify them-
selves to their constituents, and be compelled to
relinquish their seats to men of different views
hereafter.
Mr. Speaker, what is there in the institution of
slavery as it exists in this country that should
make us feel so tender and forbearing toward it?
I cannot imagine a single reason that can be urged
in its favor. It is a social, political, and moral
evil, without a single redeeming feature, and its
immediate abolition would be the greatest bless-
ing that could be conferred upon our country or
even upon the States where it now exists. The
laws enacted for its protection are more wicked
and barbarous than the statutes and decrees of
any despot in the civilized world. It fosters igno-
rance, inculcates a hatred of the principles of lib-
erty, and sanctions customs and practices of the
most revolting character. Before the war broke
out the principal exports of some of the States
were human beings, who were daily sold in the
markets of the South. The people of Virginia
have sold men and women enough within the last
fifty years, who were born and raised in their
midst, to pay for all the real estate and personal
property they were possessed of at the commence-
ment of the rebellion. It was the business of many
of them to breed human beings for sale and live
on the proceeds, as the farmers of the West live
and grow rich by raising herds of cattle and driv-
ing them to market. What cared they for the suf-
ferings of families whom they separated, or the
anguish ofthose whom they sold from their homes
to the planters of the South ? It was a trade that
was sanctioned by public sentiment and the
churches of the country, and protected by the
laws and constitution of the State and the nation
also; and why not, since it was part and parcel
of the system and necessary to its existence ? If
we had prohibited the exportation of slaves from
Virginia we should have destroyed slavery in
that°State immediately by making it unprofitable.
We see then that slavery and the slave trade are
inseparable, and while we have the one we must
the other. . .
Sir,' I do not wonder that some men are unable
to speak of this organized system of iniquity with
calmness and composure. Itscruelty and wick-
edness are enough to fill the soul with horror and
send reason reeling from her throne.
We have called John Brown a fanatic; we have
said that he was crazy, and I should not wonder
if he was. He was a man who had a clear per-
ception of the wickedness of slavery, and was
so affected by it that he could thmk of nothing
else. " Here," said he, « are millions of human
beings whom God made and Christ died foi, who
are robbed of every right by a people professedly
Christian. They are men, but they must not
read the word of God; they hav& no right to any
reward for their labor; no right to their wives; no
right to their children; no right to themselves!
The law makes them property and affords them
no protection, and what are the Christian people
of this country doing about it? Nothing at all!
Congress is discussing another compromise witieh
if adopted will perpetuate this infernal system a
century longer. Bishops and doctors-of divinity
are preaching in its favor, the press is rallying to
its support, and our great cities, the tenters of
trade and commerce, will not suffer it to he dis-
turbed; but I cannot endure it any longer, and I
will utter my protest against it in such a way
that the world shall hear me if I die the next
moment." And he did die; but his death woke
up the nation, and I trust we shall never sleep
again on this subject till we have swept the last
vestige of slavery from the land.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Coffroth] who preceded me says slavery
was not the cause of the rebellion; but I do not
agree with him. I know the leading men of the
South had been conspiring against this Govern-
ment for twenty-five years, and were resolved to
establish another of a different character alto-
gether. But what caused this conspiracy against
the best Government that ever existed ? What but
slavery itself and its influence upon them? It
taught them to love absolute power, imbued them
with a hatred of democratic ideas and institutions,
and a love for those social and political distinc-
tions in society which prevailed in the Govern-
ments of the Old World. De Bow, in his Review,
the acknowledged organ of southern sentiments,
affirms that republican institutions are a failure,
and that an aristocratic form of government is
the best for any people. True, said he, if you
have an aristocracy you must have paupers, but
better have it, notwithstanding. They would de-
grade the laboring classes to a condition below
that of the peasantry of Europe and render it
impossible for them to rise in society. The atro-
cious sentiment that it was better for society that
the capitalists of the country should own the
laborers, whether white or black, found ready
advocates among them. In the government they
wished to establish in the place of one founded by
Washington they would have but two classes,
masters and slaves.
Who does not see that civil war was inevitable
under such circumstances, and that slavery was
the cause of it? The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania thinks we might have preventedit by adopt-
ing a conciliatory course toward the South, but
he offers no evidence in support of the assertion.
I was here when the rebellion broke out, and I do
not believe the adoption of the Crittenden com-
promise, so called, would have postponed the war
for a single week. Southern Senators laughed at
the idea of being satisfied in such a way. They
were determined to dissolve the Union and estab-
lish a separate government in conformity with
their ideas, and they firmly believed that we
would allow them to do so. They had a supreme
contempt for the people of the North, and never
dreamed of the difficulties in the way or the oppo-
sition they were to encounter. They had made
up their minds to do as they pleased, and set the
Government of the United States at defiance. It
was the last great effort of slavery for the control
of this continent, and will end in its annihilation.
Heaven and earth are arrayed against it, and
what can save it now ? God made the human race
subject to the law of progress, and all the slave-
holders of the country and their friends and ad-
vocates in this House or elsewhere will fail to put
any brakes on the chariot wheels of Almighty
God and prevent the onward march of all man-
kind toward that liberty and independence which
He has promised them at some period in the far-
off future.
Mr. Speaker, I regret that any one should be
found on the floor of either House who would
propose peace on terms whichare degrading to
every American citizen, and which would destioy
the Government of the United States. _ A day or
two since a resolution was introduced in the Sen-
ate [by Mr. Davis, of Kentucky] calling upon
the President to take steps to secure peace at any
price, and, if necessary, to consent to the recog-
nition of the rebel government rather than con-
tinue the war. Such an act on our part would
bring upon us the contempt of the whole world
