1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
adhesion to that free-State rebellion in opposition
to the authority of the Constitution ana laws of
the United States? If the usurpations of power
by the present Executive, and, as I conceive, by
the Congress of the United States, had been re-
sorted to by the Democratic party then being m
power, arid operating to sustain the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill and the rdrr.ission of Kansas under
the Lecompton constitution; if that party and
Breckinridge as President of the United States
had resorted to identically the same measures that
this Administration and its friends have done,
who doubts that every wool-dyed Republican in
the United States would have stood in the sternest
and most uncompromising opposition to that
•whole series of measures? What intelligentand
fair-minded man doubts that their position of op-
position would have been constitutional, right, and
m the highest pcrfoimance of patriotic duty ? 1 do
not.
Sir, the opinions of men are strange indeed.
They are formed from the relations and circum-
stances which surround them. Men who have
lived to any age and who have had any experience
with mankind?and especially with politicians,
know as well as they know any truths connected
with the opinions and actions of man, that if the
condition and circumstances of parties were now
reversed, their policy, at least so far as the Repub-
lican paiiy IS involved, would be diametrically
and wholly inverted.
Mr. President, I have stood in a sort of middle
ground between parties for the last ten years. Iam
a supporter of the great constitutional princip4es
that uphold ourGovernment, but would confine it
within its limited powers, and to their separation
and division among different departments; above
all, I am for the guarantees of the rights, libel ties,
and privileges of the citizen. 1 am for upholding
that Constitution and all its defenses, that it may
protect me and my countrymen no wand in thecom-
ingages, not only against the party now in power,
but against all future parties that may hereafter
attain to power. I give in my adhesion to liberty,
to constitutional and legal liberty, liberty estab-
lished and regulated by Constitution and laws.
I want the great principles that uphold that sort
of liberty under all the ups and downsof parties,
their rise and fall, to be maintained immovably
and it revcrsibiy, in full force and efiect, that they
may protect not only the members of the Repub-
lican and Democraticand the old Whig parties, but
every American, irrespective ofparty names, now
and forever.
Mr. President, we have heard the denunciation
ten thousand times that slavery must die. Why
must slavery die ? Because " slavery is the cause
of the rebellion." 1 controvert th tposition,and
I will make some remarks in explanation ot my
views upon it. How many religious wars have
cursed the world and deluged it in blood? Has the
meek and lowly Author of the Chustian religion
given this great apple of discord to the world, not
to purify, bless, save it, but to curse it with all the
horrors of war? No, sir, no. Religion has been
made the pretext of many wicked and devasta-
ting wars, and of persecutions and cruelties, vices
and crimes, in an infinity of times and modes, ab-
horrent to the human soul. It would be as un-
just to charge the Christian religion with ail the
bloody and wicked wars with which it has been
connected as to attempt to make slavery the cause
of this war. According to the false premises and
logic of the fienzied crusaders against slavery,
the Christian religion should long since have been
repudiated by mankind and extirpated from the
earth. It was not the cause, but has often been
the pretext of crime and war.
We had a warin 1812 with Great Britain. What
was the foundation of that war? It was the ag-
gressions of a Power that claimed to be the mis-
tress of the seas upon the maritime and commer-
cial rights of the United States. If we had had
no shipping interest, no mercantile or naval ma-
rine, and no foreign commerce, that war with
Ensland would not have occurred. It originated
with that Power m her rapacity and lust of the.
dominion of the seas; but if we had had no com-
petitions with tier oil the ocean there would have
been no war. The logic of the abolitionists would
reason to the conclusion that the mode to close
that war, and to prevent such m the future, was
to abrogate our Navy and foreign commerce.
Advancing another step, a tariff system to pro-
tect American manufactures and industry had been
adopted by Congress. South Carolina assumed
that those laws were destructive of her interests,
burdened the industry of the southern for the
benefit of the northern States, and attempted to
defeat them by her ordinance of nullification on
the ground of their unconstitutionality. She pre-
pared to resist by force of arms the collection by
the Government of the United States of duties
upon foreign goods imported into Charleston.
The great and pervading popularity and iron will
ofGeneral Jackson, then President, averted a war
between South Carolina and the United States.
How ought that subject to have been treated, ac-
cording to the position and the reasoning of the
men who now rule ? The tariff laws for the pro-
tection of American industry and manufactures
have caused this disturbance, and brought the
country to the verge of civil war. To prevent the
impending and future civil wars, the tariff laws
must be repealed and the protective system must
be abandoned, and the free trade demanded by
South Carolina take their place.
I will give another illustration. Last year we
had a bloody irruption of Indians into the State
ofMinnesota. What produced that collision, that
murderous outbreak of the Indians? What but
the infringement, by the settlement of the white
man upon the Indian country.' Sir, I venture the
assertion that within the United States the amount
of injustice, oppression, wrong, and outrage upon
the Indian tribes by the agents of the Govern-
mentand the people of the United States has been
a thousand-fold in the aggregate more than all the
wrongs upon the negro race. Contemplate the
number of Indian wais that these aggressions of;
the white man ha ve produced, and the immeasur-
able woes, both to the white and the red race, that
have flowed fi om them. This prevalent theory of
the day would have required the prohibition of the
contact and the encroaching settlements of the
white man upon the Indian courltiy to have pre-
vented past wars, and would dtmand that policy
hereafter by our Government to avert future In-
dian wars.
Now, sir, I will give one or two individual
illustrations of this mode of logic. Atiavelerhas
upon Ins person valuable jewels ora large amount
of money; he is beset by a highwayman who
knows of the tieasuie that he carries with him:
but for that fact and the robber's knowledge of it
there would be no assault and no attempt at rob-
bery. According to the premises and reasoning
of gentlemen, the treasure of this traveler is (be-
cause of Ills being attacked by the highwayman,
and the way of safety for the traveler is to deliver
what treasuie he has, lor present escape, and to
have no more afterward, to avoid future robberies.
Mr. Picsident, I will still adduce one or two
other examples of this novel mode of ethical rea-
soning. The marnage relation, the most import-
ant and sabred of all the ties that connect society
—what relationship, what interest of society, has
been abused oftener and more flagitiously than
that? What avast amounto'f suffeung and cume
have originated out of and been connected with it!
Push this new logic to its legitimate result, and the
great bond that holds society together, and that
sustains all the moials and Christianity of man-
kind, would have to be annihilated.
In the frontier settlements—it has been so in
Virginia and Tennessee, as I am informed, and
in Kentucky I know it has often been the fact—
there are men of means moving upon the utmost
confines of settlement. They accumulate prop-
erty around them; tney have hogs and other stock.
In their neighborhood there are a set of greasers,
poachers, men that wilt not live by industry, but
by Rob-Roy piactices. They make irruptions
upon the hogs of their more wealthy ncighboi.
He complains, and these greasers say to him.
" Why, sir, you ate making a fuss about these
hogs; we have taken only a few of them; but for
the put pose of settling the matter altogether and
having no such disputes in the future we will take
the whole of them."
In the instance that I put a few days ago of
1 that lovely woman whose person was biutally
j1 outraged by a negro wearing the uniform of a
Uniti'd States officer, according to the position
ll and argument of these abolition logicians, it was
'! her sex and her peisonal attractions that excited
jj the lust of the sable monster. Destroy all that is
|| lovely and attractive in woman, and you do away
with the cause of the commission of such diabol-
ical crimes! 4
Sir, I deny that slavery was the cause of this
war. The mtermeddlingand evil dispositions of
a few northern people prompted them to make
war on slavery in other States from 1787. It was
the pretext, but the crime was with them. From
1832 this anti-slavery movement gained strength
and numbers, talent, wealth,and effort, and frffia
that time to the present it has been growing. .The
aggression was upon slavery and the owners of
slaves in the beginning, and has so continued to
this day. If those who had no right to interfere
with this property had let it.alone, it would never
have been made the cause or anelement-of strength
in a civil war between the free and slave States.
It is not slavery, but the bad passjons of northern
abolitionists acting upon it, that is the primary
and guilty cause of this great civil war. 1 will
proceed to show presently that African slavery
existed on this continent irom within eight years
after the discovery of America, and in a few years
after the settlements at Jamestown'and Plymouth
Rock, in the colonies respectively of Virgmiaand
Massachusetts. When the troubles commenced
with the mother country and a provisional gov-
ernment was organized by the associate colonies,
it was formed by white men irrespective of the
negro. The latter was no party to it; his destinies
or fortunes or relations were not affected by itany
more than the Indian of the forest or the ijeast.of
the field. When the Articles of Confederation
were adopted, they were framed by the sameau-
thonty, ignoring and excluding the negro. When
the Declaration of Independence was promulged
to the world, and it spoke of all men being cre-
ated equal, it did not comprehend, itdid not con-
template the negro. He was not thought of. He
existed then in every colony as a slave; and the
destiny and condition of no negio, slave or free,
was affected, much less was it meliorated and he
liberated by the Declaration of Independence.
When the Constitution of the United States was
adopted, it was upon a perfect knowledge of all
these facts,with a purpose distinct and recognized
that the entire subject of slavery arid all other sub-
jects of domestic government and polity were re-
scued by the States respectively, and were not at
all intrusted to the authority or management of the
General Government.
Sir, there were then but two or three States that
had commenced the work of abolition: Massa-
chusetts, Connecticut, Pennsylvania, and, I be-
lieve,Vermont—in Massachusetts not by the legis-
lation of lierGeneralCourt, but by the legislation
of a court of law, as Lord Mansfield legislated
slavery out of England. 1 will read on this lat-
ter point presently.
If the gentlemen who represented the northern
States, where slavery could not be profitably em-
ployed, did not intend to take the southern States
as a man takes his wife, " for better for worse,"
they ought then to have njected the marriage
when the Constitution was formed. But having
adopted the Constitution with all itscompromises
and with all the guarantees which it furnishes to
slavery, the commonest good faith thatcver char-
acteiized men requires that they should honestly
and faithfully abide by the covenant. Sir, the
provision for the rendition of fugitive slaves,which
gentlemen are now maddened to repeal or to abro-
gate, was adopted, as I have often stated, by the
constitutional Convention, without a solitary dis-
i senting %oice.
j Mr. Piesident, I come directly to the bill, and
I particulaily to the amendment under considera-
| tion. The low as it now exists, as it has been
| molded at the present session of Congress, has
i two provisions that embrace the slaves of loyal
j men. One of them is that if the slave is con-
I scripted 4.100 bounty is to be paid his master;
the other, it" the slave volunteers, and of his own
will ei.h.s!s, $300 is to be paid to the loyal master.
Sir, with that double provision, and with the
policy and purposes of this Administration and
its friends, who can doubt that the work of con-
scription will be encouraged and pressed to I he neg-
lect ot volunteeimg? In the one case the owner
is to receive ^100; in the other, ^300. 1 am not
going to adveit at this time in harsh language to
him 'w ho is head of the War Department; but we
all know the spirit and purposes which actuate
him in the administration of that Department, in
connection with slavery and slave-owners. We
