1980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
and admire courage, and constancy, and high
thought, and heroic achievement, wherever I may
find theni. I would not quarrel even with an
overstrung philanthropy. 1 .can always excuse
the errors that lean on the side of virtue, and find
. fanaticism much more readily in that devil-wor-
,,ship of slavery, that would be willing to sacrifice
not only all New England hut even the Union
itself upon its horrid altars, than in those noble
spirits whose sin is only their excessive love for
man. I may speak, therefore, without prejudice.
, Leave out New England in the cold! 1 doubt
whether even this'would chill herj>rave heart, or
quiet its tumultuous throbbings for humanity.
Though rta ardent southern-sun has quickened
lier pulses, or ldndled her blood intp lava, no
frigid neutrality has ever frozen her,into stone
when the interests of liberty appealed to her/or
protection. She has been ever faithful to the
memory of the great idea which brought her
launders across the ocean, as the only colony
that landed in this newly discovered hemisphere
upon any other errand than the search for gold.
. I cannot forget that it was this proscribed race
that inaugurated the Revolution, by forging in
their capital the thunderbolts that smote the tyr-
anny of England, and dyeing their garments with
its first blood upon the commons of Lexington.
Leave out New England in the cold! You may
look unkindly upon her, but you cannot freeze her
into apathy any more than you can put out the
light ofhereyes,or arrest the missionary thought
which she has launched over a continent. It was
not New England that stood shivering in cold in-
difference when the boom of the first rebel gun in
Charleston harbor thrilled along her rock-bound
coast. Taking no thoughtofcostoreonsequences,
she rushed down like an avalanche to avenge the
insulted flag ofour fathers, and Massachusetts was
glorified by a second baptism when the blood of
her sons dyed the paving-stones of the city of
Baltimore. I would it had been my own great
State, whose drum-beat was the first that waked
an echo in these Iialls, which had won the honor
of that sacrifice. But it was nut so ordained.
Mr. KELLEY. With the permission of my
colleague I will remark that five companies of
Pennsylvania troops came through Baltimore on
the 18th of April, a day preceding the appear-
ance of the sixth Massachusetts in thar city, and
the blood of some of tliem was shed, though not
unto death, in the streets of that city. He may
therefore truthfully claim that the first blood shed
in this war was thatof Peunsylvunuuis.
Mr. STROUSE. Allow me to say that the first
blood shed was the blood of a negro from my dis-
trict who accompanied the first companies that
came here for the defense of the capital.
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, the first man that bled
in this war was a negro by the name of Nicholas
Biddle, a constituent of my colleague. [Laughter.1
Mr. STROUSE. I did not say he was a con-
stituent of mine.
Mr. WILLI A MS. Leave out Massachusetts
in the cold ! What matters it that no tropical sun
has fevered her ncuthern blood into the delirium
of treason? I know no trait of tenderness more
touching and more human than that with which
she received back to her arms the bodies of her life-
less children. " Handle them tenderly," was the
message of her loyal Governor. Massachusetts
desired to look once more upon the faces of her
martyred sons, "marred as they were by traitois."
She lifted gently the sable pall that covered them.
She gave them a soldier's burial and a soldier's
farewell; and then, like David of old when he was
informed that the child of Jus affections had ceased
to live, she rose to her feet, dashed the tear-drop
from her eye, and in twenty days her non-clad
battalions were clowning the heights,and herguns
frowning destiuction over the streets of the rebel
city. Shut out Massachusetts in the cold ! Yes.
You may blot her out fiom the map of the con-
tinent: you may bring back the glacial epoch,
when the Aietic ice-dnfL that has deposited so
many monuments on her soil swept over her
bulled surface- -when the polar bear, perhaps,
paced the driving does, and the walrus frolicked'
among the tumbling icebergs—but you cannot
sink her deep enough to drown the memory of
Lexington and Concord, or bury the summit of
the tall column that lifts its head over the first of
our battle-fields. " With her,''in the language
of her great son, " the past at least is secure?"
The muse of history has flung her story upon the
world's canvas in tints that will not fade and can-
not die.
But while we are told bygentlemen on the other
side that we cannot conquer the South we are
somewhat inconsistently charged in almost the
same breath with a desire to protract the war for
the purpose of perpetuating our own power, and
asked imperiously how long it is to continue, and
when and how it is to end. Allow me to say, in
thwfirst place, that the prolongation of the war is
not the means which a rational man would adopt
to secure the ascendency of the Republican party.
No administration in any free country has ever
been strong enough to stand up successfully in
the face of a long and expensive war, where results
have proved incommensurate with means, and
enormous armies that wanted to fight were com-
pelled to stagnate in inglorious repose. None has
been strong enough to carry on its shoulders many
such generals as the unready captain who is the
idol of the Democracy, or him who was just half
an hour too late at wilhamsport. No rebellion
was ever put down by heroes of the Fabian type
or instrumentalities like the spade. No country
is rich enough to hold such masses of men in-
active for indefinite periods of time, and under
the command of generals who fortify when they
ought to attack, and tuui away whenever the en-
emy turns upon them. If there is anything I dread
and deplore it is the tenacity with which such
men are retainefd after repeated failures. If there
is anything which gentlemen on the opposite side
desire it is to see this struggle protracted under
the auspices of just such leaders, who have in-
variably been their especial favorites, until the
patience of the country is exhaustedand itscredit
entirely ruined. I think I understand them. They
want no Grants or Butlers; but they know that
another McClellan will arm them with the argu-
ment that a Republican Administration is inade-
quate to the times. They do not want this war
to terminate until the next presidential election.
To the question, however, how long it is to con-
tinue, an apt response might readily be found in
the stormy exordium of the Roman orator when
lie drove the infamous Catiline from the hall of
its august senate: "How long, 0 Catiline, wilt
thou abuse our patience ? How long will thy un-
bridled audacity parade itself insultingly here?"
That, however, would savor too much ot the Yan-
kee by answering one question with another. Al-
low me then to respond a little more directly that
it will continue just so long as the interrogator
and his confederates here and elsewhere shall con-
tinue successfully to embarrass the Government
in its prosecution, and to encourage protracted
resistance by assurances so often repeated on this
floor, and so eagerly caught up and reiterated
by the rebel piesses, that we cannot conquer the
insurgents. The last hope of the rebels is con-
lessedly in the success of their sympathizers
here.
But these gentlemen, the neutrals of the border
and the conservatives of the North, Arcadian all,
have, I think, about performed their mission.
They have done, not the work they intended, but
the one they have been put upon by the great
Ruler of nations. It was a bloody work, but it
was, pel haps, a necessary one. A blow struck
at the heart of the rebellion at its outset, in the
spirit ofthe proclamation ofFrcmont, would prob-
ably have made an end of it for the time being,
while it preserved its cause. The conservative
statesmen were wanted to make the remedy radi-
cal and sure, by prolonging and exasperating the
strife, and intensifying and universalizing the very
partial abolition feeling ot the North. It was the
voice of Jehovah that spake from the iron throats
of tho.se engines that hulled their defiant missiles
against our flag at iSuniter, just as the same voice
thundered from the clouds and darkness of'Sinai,
when it promulgated to the world thegreat law of
humanity. It was the great pi oclamation of free-
dom to the oppressed, anteceding that ofthe Pres-
ident by nearly two years, that pealed in the ears
ofthe lordly chivalry who held high carnival on
that memorable day on the boulevards of Charles-
ton. The light that blazed from the muzzles of
those guns flashed over the American firmament
with a radiance like that which flooded chaos at
the fiat of Omnipotence on the fitst morninf of
creation. Thinking people saw it and rejoiced.
It was "the beginning of the end" of the long
agony under which this nation had been sweating,
as it were, great drops of blood. The war had
become a necessity, which politicians were pow-
erless either to postpone or avert. Though no
abolitionist—till then—I saw it and rejoiced along
with them. I thanked God, as I do now, that by
an act of subjime justice, such as the pen of in-
spiration had never recorded and the genius of.
the drama never imagined, He had put out the
eyes of the slave-owner and guided his own hands
to the pillars of the temple which protected him;
that He had made him drunk with arrogance, and
decreed a transcendent suicide, by making him-
self the Nemesis, the instrument of the great
work, which no merely human agencies could *
have accomplished. But that work would have
been imperfect without-more; and, by an act of
justice equally sublime, He called into counsel the
statesmen of the border, along with theadvocates
of human bondage in the North, and neutrality
and conservatism stood hand in hand by the bed-
side of the sufferer, helping it into eternity, and
mistaking all the while—like the lachrymose and
lugubrious gentleman from Indiana—in the se-
pulchral gloom of that chamber of mortality, the
unburied and offensive corpse over which he still
sobs, for the image of a dead or dying Union. If
the bolder States, if Kentucky especially has suf-
fered, as she is claimed to have done, if her dwell-
ings have been desolated and her soil drenched
with the blood of her people, she has to thank her
statesmen, as we of the free States do for ail the
sacrifices it has cost us to save the negro, while
we were throwing away the priceless jewels of
the North. If, instead of a neutrality which was
only another name for treason—which the law of
Solon would have denounced as the worst of
crimes, and the fierce genius of Dante would have
gibbeted in immortaf and withering verse—if, in-
stead of denying to the General Government and
even to her own citizens, the privilege of organ-
izing troops upon her soil, she had but opened
her arms to a deliverer, a hundred thousand
northern bayonets would have belted her round
as with a wall of fire, and no hostile foot would
ever have left a mark upon her soil. She chose
the other part. Neutrality flushed slowly into the
sickly and livid hue, the pale, disastrous twilight
of conservatism, and sat upon her chest and ours
until its pulses were almost hushed; and, as a
consequence of all this, the bravest of her sons
have died ignobly in the effort to destroy the
Union of their fathers, and the most honored of
her names have gone down in darkness among
thenameless and undistinguished dead, and found
and now sleep in felons' graves,.unknelled, un-
coffined—" unwept, unhonored, and unsung."
But what is to be the end? Who doubts it that
trusts in Providence and knows that God is just? In
the darkest hour of our trial, when the gallant bark
that bears our fortunes had disappeared among
the mountain billows that threatened to ingulfit,
and the lowering clouds shrouded in temporaiy
darkness the glorious constellation of our fathers
—when all monarchical Europe clapped its hands
and sang peans of jof as the great Republic, reeled
and staggered under the felon blows that were so
treacherously aimed at her life by the hands of her
own unnatural children—I, for one, never doubted
or falteied. I knew that its timuers might lie
strained and its. prow dip deeply in the trough of"
the sea, but I read " resurgam" on its keel. I had
a faith that it must come up again, with the old
flag—-that God-blessed banner of our fathers, type
of regenerated humanity, symbolof hojie to the na-
tion—still flying at its peak, its only stain washed
out, like the star that guided the magi over the
plains of Bethlehem, to light the oppressed of the
Old World to a knowledge of their rights and
capabilities. If it might be permitted to the great
captain who conquered the liberties of Rome to
say to the trembling pilot, "Why fear you?
you carry Cfesai," how much more may we—
with such a freight as no vessel ever bore since
the ark of the patriarch rocked upon the heavin"
tides of the deluge, or grounded upon the lofty
summits of Ararat—say to the trembling cowards
who despair ofthe Republic, and even yet sit down
and wring their hands like women over the im-
possibility of saving it, " 0 ye of little faith ! Up,
if yeare men I A world's hopes are staked upon
your manhood I" Yes, there is no throb of this
gteat heart that does not pulsate through the na-
tions as they stand at ga.se, looking with sus-
