1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
oil know that it is his object to demoralize sla-
very by-every means he can command, constitu-
tional or unconstitutional. His constant efforts
are to make all slaves discontented, refractory,
averse to labor, worthless to their owners, with-
out any regard to their loyalty. His policy will
fee to encourage that mode of organizing negro
Aoldiers that will give theleast recompense to the
-owner and save the most money to IheTreasury
of the United States.
' - I propose to redress, as I deem, this mal and
'most unjust and unconstitutional legislation, and
to effect it by the provisions of the amendment
which I have offered to this bill, that there shall
be no restriction of f-100 or of $300 upon slaves
between-twenty and forty-five years of age; that
a United^States officer, one of the district judges,
- whose bias is generally with the Government, and
especially with the proper policy of the Govern-
ment, shall appoint three commissioners, whose
business it snail be to inquire upon the points of
the loyalty of the owner, his right to the slave,
and the slave's value; that these commissioners
shall report into his court; and when he has re-
vised the report and has approved it, that it shall
be conclusive between the United tStates and the
owner of the slave upon all these points; and that
any sum reported to be due to the owner of the
slave shall be paid to him out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated. Sir,
could any proposition be more just?
•I will now examine for a few minutes the in-
terests of the State of Kentucky in this matter of
slave property. I assume,and itis proximate to
the truth at least, that the loyal men and women
of Kentucky own about one hundred and sixty-
six thousand six hundred and sixty-six slaves;
the whole number belonging to the loyal and dis-
loyal being about two hundred and fifty thou-
sand. I further assume that these slaves are
worth at least $600 average, which would be
$150,000,000 for the whole number. Your laws
propose to have the entire healthy and sound male
slave population between twenty and forty-five
years of age enrolled for the purpose of volunteer-
ing and ofconscription into the Army ofthe United
States. According to my estimate, one seventh
of the total number of slaves would come within
the military ages, and they, at p00 a head, would
be worth $.^,571,400; at $300, the aggregate—
$10,714,200. If they were conscripted and volun-
teered in equal numbers, the average would he
$7,142,800. This property of loyal owners, being
one hundred and sixty-six thousand six hundred
and stxty-six slaves, at $600 a head, wouid be
worth $99,9!}<),4(>0.
I estimate the number of negro soldiers tlmt
would be raised in Kentucky at five thousand.
They would be among themoststout, healthy, ami
valuable negro men; and would be in fact worth
$1,'200 average, making an aggregate of $G,000,-
000. If they were all conscripted theGovernment
wouid pay for them $100 per head, making an ag-
gregate of $500,000; but ifall were to volunteer, at
$300 per head, the aggregate would Ijp $1,500,000;
half being con scripted and half volunteering would
require the Government to pay % the five thou-
sand the total .sum of $1,000,(100. But the pol-
icy of the. Government is to take just so many of
the most eftective and valuable slaves as would
demoralize the whole residue, and would render
them valueless. This is the mode of the wui fare
of Lincoln's administration on slavery in Ken-
tucky; that our Government, which by the Con-
stitution is bound to protect loyal citizens in the
possession of their property, and cannot take it
for public use without making just compensation
to the owner, shall take from loyal people five
thousand slaves, worth $6,000,000, and would pay
for them, at §100 per head, $500,000, at $300 per
head, $1,500,000, and at the average, $1,000,000
for the whole number. But the incidental, ne-
cessary,and intended conseqncnces of this unjust
and unconstitutional measure of an oppressive and
wicked Administration would be to render value- 1
less all the residue of our slaves; and thus for the I
paltry sum of $500,000, or at most of $1,500,000, !
virtually deprive the population of the State of a |
property woitli $150,000,000, anil the loyal peo- |
pie thereof of a property wouh $99,909,400. j
What confidence or support can an Adminis- !
tration that thus violates the Constitution, and !
oppresses, robs, and plunders a loynl people of '
such a large value of property, expect from them > j
It certainly deserves from them nothing but con-
demnation, opposition, curses, and the most stren-
uous and unceasing efforts for its overthrow.
This system of legislation had its inception in
Congress at the session before the last, and after
the victories upon the Cumberland, was actively
and vigorously pressed. It was resumed and en-
larged at the ensuing session, and at this session
it has come up again in almost numberless forms.
Bills and resolutions, not only to demoralize it,
but to abolish it utterly, and to emancipate every
slave in the United States, have multiplied until
they are almost as " thick as leaves in Vallam-
brosa." And lest the power of Congress should
fail, sundry propositions to amend the Constitu-
tion for its special and total abolition, without
making any compensation to the owners, hare
been introduced into Congress. All this is done
by bursting over the plainest barriers erected in
the Constitution for the defense of private prop-
erty. Did any Government that ever ruled a peo-
ple more wrong, outrage, and oppress them?
When a Government, formed by the people them-
selves to secure to them and their posterity the
blessings of life, liberty, property, and the pur-
suit of happiness, itself breaks through all consti-
tutional restraints and strikes down those price-
less rights, unless the people who made reform
it, they are in truth, ana deserve to be, its abject
slaves. Their agents and creatures have made
themselves their masters and their tyrants; and
instead of being their defenders and protectors
transform themselves into their plunderers and
oppressors.
Sir, men come here and they raise howls in fa-
vor of human rights and justice and philanthropy;
and yet they have deliberately entered upon this
system of legislation which is to rob the loyal
people of the State of Kentucky of nearly one
hundred million dollars of property guarantied to
them by the usages and sanctions of all the past
centuries, by the practices and laws of Christen-
dom,by the constitutions and laws of their State,
and by the Constitution and laws of the United
States. It seems to me that gentlemen who can
adopt such a course of policy and legislation as
that must be demented and demoralized by their
sympathy for and adhesion to the negro, or some
other most potent and wicked influence. They
forget their white brethren, they forget all the
claims of justice and humanity and the duties of a
fostering and protecting Government that ought
to be extended to the white man, the ends for
which the Government was created and they
chosen to administer it.
Now, Mr. President, as to just compensation
for property in Kentucky slaves that it is pro-
posed shall be taken from their owners for public
use, will any one tell me that a negro man in that
State who would hire, if he was not interfered
with by the Government of the United States, for
$200 or $300 a year, is worth but $100 or $300, or
the average of those sums? Will any one con-
tend that that is his.just value, and paying such
amounts to his owner satisfies to him his consti-
tutional right to have for his slave property " a
just compensation?" No, sir. The average price
of men of that class in the State of Kentucky be-
fore the war was at least $1,500; and now, if the
Government would withdraw its aggressive and
unjust policy and laws from that property and its
owners, and let it abide the fortunes of war, as
all the other property, in the present scarcity of
labor the average price of that class of negro men
would rise to the former figure. But one provis-
ion of the bill already passed offers to pay to the
owner one fifteenth of that value of his slave, and
another one fifth,as 1 have before explained.
Mr. President, negroes are not the only articles
of property that have been demanded m this war.
^suppose the war supplies furnished by the free
States have amounted in the acrgregrte at least
to one thousand million of dollars. In horses,
subsistence, guns, all the supplies necessary to
raise, support, and keep on foot, and operate our
armies and navies, 1 suppose that they have
amounted to more than one thousand million dol-
lars. Let the men who have furnished this vast !
amount of supplies be subjected to the same rule I
<li,d giadoation of value that have been imposed j!
upon the loyal owners of slaves: for every thou- ij
sand dothus of military supplies that they shall j
have but one tenth, or thiee tenths.or ttie average i
of those rates, and what would be the state of |j
public opinion and feeling then of the North?
There would be a perfect uproar in all shoddydom;
yes, sir, another great rebellion. Apply the same
rule of graduation to our national debt as to the
value of the slaves of loyal owners, and its enor-
mous proportions would be greatly reduced. It
would not threaten to become an unbearable bur-
den upon the property, upon the industry, upon
the bone and muscle of this country, that gener-
ations of hard toil and of severe economy will
not enable the people to remove from themselves.
The Government is now the principal customer
and consumer of northern manufactures, and of
many of them and of the largest value it is the
only purchaser and consumer. Most of those
northern manufacturers were never so fully cm-
ployed or received such high prices as now for all
the supplies they are selling to Uncle Sam. The
artificers and manufacturers who are furnishing
that gullible old gentleman are growing rich fast.
His orders upon them crowd them so that they can-
not fill them all. They need more workmen, and
to keep all they possibly can at home profitably
employed in their manufactories and workshops,
they are substituting in their places in the Army
negro soldiers, the property of more truly loyal
men than themselves, while these loyal owners
receive for a slave of the highest value what would
be one year's profit on the northern operative,
whose residence at home, in his ordinary voca-
tion, the enlistment of the negro has secured. The
possession of the Government and the conduct of
the war are in and under the control of the friends
of these northern plunderers, who manage both for
the enrichment of their section by the miseries
and upon the spoils of the residue of the people
of the United States. Verily, the selfish and cun-
ning people of the North are boring not only us
of the border slave States but of the whole North-
west with a big auger. They have constructed
for us in Kentucky a sort of Procrustes bed, and
retributive justice would require that they should
be made to lie upon it and have their redundant
and ill-gotten length lopped off.
Sir, f think there would be a rebellion iii thefree
manufacturing States by all the hosts of shoddy-
dom, if this rule were attempted to be enforced
there. What a howl would rise upon the breeze
and sweep over this broad land from Passama-
quoddy bay to the-distant Pacific!
But the honorable Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Grimes] taunted me that our negroes are worth
nothing. "Well, sir, if they are worth nothing,
who placed them in that valueless condition;
whose act was it, whose laws, whose policy but
that of the Government of theUnited States,pro-
pelled by the energy and talent in part of the Sen-
atorfrom Iowa ? \Yhat sort of justice, of reason,
of ethics, of official duty, is it that men shall adopt
a most unjust, unconstitutional, and iniquitous
policy in relation to the management of your prop-
erty that was before so valuable, reduce it to
wortlilessness, and mock you with the cry that it
is valueless, and that you ought not to have and
shall not receive indemnity or remuneiation for
it? How many customers have there been for the
manufacturers of war supplies from the northern
States? How many customers for horses and
mules, for wagons, for ships? But one principally,
and thatcustomer has been the United States Gov-
ernment. If it had not entered the market there
would have been not only no competition, but no
purchasers would have appeared. Has theGov-
ernmentgone into yourstock-producing districts,
into your manufacturing States and towns, and
taken your horses and mules and manufactured
products, and by its military power forced you to
sell them for one tenth of their value or for less
than one-third r No, sir, it has no right to do so.
Anysysternof policy or legislation or administra-
tion that would adopt such a couise would be un-
constitutional, unjust, iniquitous, and oppressive
in the highest degree. ^ Yet, sir, you would have
no more cause to complain of oppression and gov-
ernmental extortion than we. Uridui thai double
policy and pdmmisf ration we would h-ivcan equal,
just, and amplo right to make common complaint.
But, Air. President, the principle Liid down by
the honorable, enlightened, and just-mtmk'd Sen-
ator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] does not regulate
the case, or measure the right of my eonstifuents
to indemnity, as I will show by the decision of
the Couit of Claims rendered a few days ago by
Mr. Justice Wihnoi. it way refreshing* and re-
