1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBF^
096Y
take courage hud still hope that we may weather
the storm of fanaticism and passion, and live and
endure to overcome and consign to the grave of
oblivion, amidst the exultant shouts of a disen-
thralled people, its last, most dangerous, insidious
enemy.
In the present exigency of our national affairs,
the practical, important question which should
demand the thoughtful and dispassionate consid-
eration of the country is how it is to be extricated
from its present sad,humiliating condition; how
the fell spirits of secession and abolitionism,
" twin relics of barbarism" and discord, may be
securely and effectually buried with the national
approbation inacommon grave,and "the public
mind rest secure in the belief that they are in pro-
cess of ultimate extinction."
Three alternatives, looking to a solution of
pending difficulties, are being considered and can-
vassed by the people.
The first looks to a continued prosecution of
the war, involving the overthrow of State insti-
tutions and governments, and the entire subjuga-
tion or extermination of the insurgents.
The second contemplates " letting the wayward
sisters go in peace," division of the country and
recognition of their independence, with offensive
and defensive treaty stipulations and the free
navigation of the Mississippi.
The third and lastalternative is by means of an
armistice to cease hostilities, call a national con-
vention, with a view of amicably settling and
adjusting all our differences upon the basis of the
Constitution as it is and the Union as it was.
Perhaps neither of these plans are exempt from
objection, but if they are the only alternatives
left us we should manfully face the difficulties,
calmly and dispassionately canvass them, and se-
lect the least objectionable. History and our own
sad experience should admonish us that war,
especially a civil war, is a fearful calamity, and
should be accepted only for the most imperative
considerations, after all hope of honorable, peace-
ful adjustment had failed. I do not hold that war
is never justifiable; by no means. After the
exhaustion of all peaceful remedies, as the last
alternative, with all its train of evils, rather than
submit to national dishonor, insult, or disintegra-
tion, we should accept the arbitrament of arms.
I have no hesitation in saying, however, that in
my judgment the sanguinary fratricidal conflict
in which our country is now involved might by
wise and prudential means on the part of those
temporarily charged with the administration of
public affairs have been honorably avoided; that
there has been a wanton and unnecessary sacri-
fice of blood and treasure, and that the war should
cease whenever and just as soon as peace can be
secured, with a disintegrated Government, and
the constitutional rights and powers of the Fed-
eral and State Governments unimpaired.
The second alternative of separation and rec-
ognition has been espoused and plausibly sus-
tained by leading politicians and journals of both
political parties; but there are to my mind serious
if not insuperable objections to the proposed sep-
aration. A treaty based upon recognition and
independence would, 1 fear, amount to nothing
more enduring than a truce; that the sanguinary
conflict would be renewed along our extended
borders,aggravated and intensified by heart-burn-
ings and animosities until protracted, exhausting
wars would lead to foreign alliance. I hope we
may never be subjected to the humiliation of
being vassals and dependents to the despotisms of
the Old World. Separation affords no adequate
remedy for existing evils. There is not room
enough on the North American continent for two
independent Governments. Give me rather the
gilded hope ofmy youthful fancy, an ocean-bound
Republic, with the adjacent islands shining stars
in the effulgent galaxy of the national constella-
tion, each harmoniously moving in its appropriate
orbit around their common center. Hence t con-
clude that the best interests of both sections and
the whole country require that we should now
and forever abandon all thought of despoiling our
inheritance and jeopardizing our liberties by the
suicidal policy of disintegration.
This brings me to the consideration of the third
and last alternative, to wit, peace and a restored
Union by means of mutual concessions and a fair
and just compromise. This, I am frank to say,
I regard with more favor than either of the pre-
ceding alternatives. It at once affords a full so-
lution of all our differences in the spirit and upon
the basis of the original compact. It has the ap-
proving sanction of precedents, and the high au-
thority of the distinguished patriots and states-
men whose places we unworthily fill. It has the
advantage of a continued and perpetuated union
of the States by consent and not by force. It stops
any further sacrifice of the lives of our brave men,
anu the accumulation of national debt. It is more
in harmony with the sublime teachings of our
divine Master, who said, " Blessed are the peace-
makers. " It will place us beyond the contingency
of danger from foreign intervention or molesta-
tion. It is, "sir, the true remedy, the infallible
specific for the ills by which we are encompassed.
It is the road our fathers trod; let us " keep step
to the music of the Union," and follow in their
footsteps. Perhaps the inquiry may be suggested,
how are we to attain so desirable a result? I am
wedded to no specific plan; if there is a will a
way will readily be found. Permit me, however,
to suggest that we first agree upon an armistice,
then send commissioners to meet on the 4th of
July at Mount Vernon, around the grave of
Washington, when the soul-stirring inspiration
of the day, the grandeur of the place, and the
solemnity of the occasion would still and subdue
every selfish ambition and unholy emotion, and
rekindle a spirit of patriotism and love of country
in the hearts of degenerate sons. Let the com-
missioners fix upon a time and place for holding
a national convention to finally settle and adjust
in a spirit of fairness and mutual concession all
our differences; then unite and consolidate the
national forces, North and South,into one grand
invincible army of the Republic, and vindicate
the honor and insulted dignity of the nation by
reaffirming the inviolability of the Monroe doc-
trine, reinstating free institutions wherever foreign
despots have intervened for their overthrow on
this continent.
But am I asked," Suppose all efforts to compro-
mise fail, whatdo you then propose?" Thmis im-
possible; it must not, cannot be. I will not suffer
myself to raise the curtain and contem plate the d i m
vista lying beyond all hopes of settlement. This
unnatural, cruel conflict is sustained and procrasti-
nated by passion, prejudice, and hatred. Patriot-
ism, nationality, self-interest, civilization, human-
ity, and Christianity all prompt a settlement.
Political fanaticism, like all other virulent conta-
gious diseases to which frail humanity is subject,
will run its course. If the patient survive, reason
will be restored, it may be with a shattered and
broken constitution, with heavy unliquidated lia-
bilities, with a mere skeleton of former greatness
and power; but still the patient lives.
We are now passing the crucible, the fiery or-
deal of this malignant disease; the hectic .flush
mantles the cheek, the pulse beats quick and
wiry, but there are still hopes , by a change of
doctors and treatment, and careful nursing, the
patient may survive. If I had power to reach the
mind and touch the heart of the nation, I would
beseech my countrymen everywhere, North and
South, to stay their hands and cease this self-de-
struction before it be forever too late. Whyper-
sistin destroyingthebestform ofgovernmentever
devised by the wisdom, virtue, and patriotism of
man ? Why blot out the world's last hope of free
constitutional liberty? The despots of the Old
World have no love for our free institutions and
democratic form ofgovernment; they have marked
with a jealous eye our growing greatness and
power; they are pleased with the manner m which
we are executing a job for them which they dare
not undertake themselves. _ If we continue to
gratify them by procrastinating our civil war un-
til our armies are destroyed and our finances col-
lapse, they will be ready to grasp the exhausted
giant by the throat, and furnish Maximilians to
rule over us. I would implore the country to
pause and reflect; this question of self-preserva-
tion, of maintaining our liberties and free institu-
tions, rises infinitely above all party considera-
tions. Save the country though political parties
crumble into atoms like a rope of sand. We must
not suffer this mental aberration, this quasi insan-
ity to run on until the epitaph of suicide is in-
scribed on the national monument.
These suggestions in favor ofan amicable adjust-
ment will not be likely to meet the approbation
of the cabinets or their special adherents at Wash-
ington or Richmond. The first would peril the
nation with its thirty million Anglo-Saxons for
the supposed benefit of three or four million Af-
rican slaTes; they would extirpate slavery at
whatever cost or sacrifice of blood and treasure;
they would brush Federal and State constitutions
out of their way like cobwebs; they would over-
run and subjugate the South and exterminate the
people; they would encourage servile insurrec-
tion, and arm the slave against his master; they
would make war'on and starve non-combatants,
women and children; they would devastate and
desolate the land with fire and sword and make it
a howling wilderness; confiscate real and personal
property; place the negro as to civil and political
rights on an equality with the whites; execute or
banish the rebel leaders; exclude all others en-
gaged in the rebellion from the rights of citizens;
place the freed negroes under the control of the
Secretary of War, to be worked and managed by
Government overseers; keep the people in sub-
jection by means of a standing army, and to role
and govern the country by civil and military offi-
cers appointed by the President. Now I submit
whether a war prosecuted for such purposes and
in such a manner can reasonably be expected to
terminate short of extermination?
On the other hand, the rebel leaders and cab-
inet at Richmond would prosecute the war todig-
integrate the Union, subvert the Constitution, and
destroy the Government, under the metaphysical
sophistry that a State has the constitutional right
to secede from the Union. This subtle theory
cannot be sustained. It is.a reproach to the wis-
dom and sagacity of the patriotic statesmen who
molded andfasluoned our organic law to suppose
a State could at will secede and destroy the whole
system. Again, they say they will continue to
wage this war because a party is in power pledged
to overthrow the institutions of their States. Sup-
pose it be admitted. They aided in bringing
about the result, and are therefore particepscrim-
inis. Let them remember the schism they caused
in the Democratic party at Charleston and Balti-
more, and the encouragement they gave to John-
son, Dickinson, Butler, and others of their tools
and allies, to defeat the election of the Democratic
nominee and thereby aid the election of the puny
m power; they should be quiescent at a result to
which they contributed. If there is a sectional
party in power hostile to their institutions they
so willed it; they said they preferred Lincoln to
Douglas, and got their choice; it is to-be hoped
they are satisfied, and will be satiated with ins
Administration; I think the North is already.
Now, while these two war parties would con-
tinue its prosecution for entirely dissimilar pur-
poses, they concur in saying that there is no other
alternative but to fight on. It cannot be possible
we are m any such extremity. If the politicians
had been out of the way the people would have
settled our difficulties long ago. But unfortu-
nately for the peace of the country, the political
caldron in its effervescence had spawned to the
surface a brood of political tricksters and fanat-
ical demagogues; the scum rose to the top, and
floated into positions of honorand trust; without
capacity or patriotism to parry the threatened
danger, they recklessly involved the country in
civil war.
These wiseacres tell us that peace is a myth
not to be thought of, that we must fight on, kill
and slaughter, give up the last man and the lust
dollar; that the country must meekly and silently
submit to having our gallant young men, the
flower and hope of the country, pitted against
each other in deadly combat, and glory in tire
slaughter. The greedy Moloch of sectionalism
is not satiated, through dripping with the blood
fresh from the hecatomb of hundieds of thousands
of human sacrifices offered upon its crimsoned
altars. And still a confiding people are told there
is no other way, no alternative left but to fight
on, and on, and on. How long, O God I how long
is this bleeding, dying people to be deceived and
duped by political quacks and speculators in the
suffering and life's blood of the nation? How
Ion<"are the bulls and edicts emanating from Rich-
mond and Washington to be potential to coerce
the free people of this country to sacrifice then-
lives at their behest? In the parlance of the
sportsman,they skillfully andadroitly" play into
each other's hands"for the overthrow of the con-
stitutional rights and liberties of the people; there
