1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
sentfrom this one. On-some future occasion, in
remarks confined exclusively to the point, I in-
tend to attempt to establish that there is no power
in the United States Government, in any of its
departments, in any of its officers, or in the whole
in the aggregate, to give to a negro his freedom
because he is even mustered into the service of
the United States,or upon any other reason. But
I do n.it enter into that question now. For the
present, it is sufficient to say that gentlemen as-
sume thatitis necessary thathe should be a com-
ponent part of the armies of the United States;
and taken for that purpose it would be for public
use. If he is property, the owner of the property
is entitled to his fair value—" a just compensa-
tion," in the language of the Constitution, to be
properly and judicially ascertained; not to an ar-
bitrary and inadequate assessment of his value.
That is the mode established by long and general
usage and acquiescence, sanctioned and confirmed
by legislative enactments and the judgments of
courts generally, and of the nature and essence of
the inquiry.
But if the honorable Senator from Michigan had
not assumed, and with so much confidence, that
property cannot exist in a negro, I should nothave
appeared in the debate o#this bill in a second
speech. 1 was amused at the honorable Senator's
argument, and how skillfully it evaded the ques-
tion. The proposition which he mainly argued,
and with much ability, I think is not in the kernel of
the measure under consideration. It was whether
negro slavery existed by the common law, and his
conclusion that it did not seems to me to be wholly
immaterial to the merits of this bill, and the amend-
ment I have offered to it. 1 will endeavor to elu-
cidate and establish my position.
The ruling of Lord Mansfield in the case of the
negro Sommersett, that although he had been a
slave in Virginia and Jamaica, he was made free
by his mere subsequent residence 111 England, was
against the well-established law of that country.
I have no doubt that the common law did es-
tablish property in particular subjects, but every
lawyer knows that the common law arose from
" customs and usages whereof the memory of man
runneth not to the contrary.," Some of them (late
back coeval with Julius Ciesar, and have their
origin with the ancient Britons, as the custom of
gavelkind, in Kent, and the mode of dividing prop-
erty upon the death of a husband between his wid-
ow and his children or other relatives. It is cer-
tain that it was not of a single formation, but was
built up by the adoption of particular customs and
usages by the early inhabitants of England,IJiit-
ons, Saxons, and others, as their circumstan-
ces and exigencies suggested them, and was the
growth of ages. It is certain that it was tin ex-
tensive and very complete body of laws in" the
l'eign of Edgar, the grandfather of Allied, and by
him was collected into one body. Alfred en-
larged, systematized, and greatly impioved the
common law in his celebrated "Dome book;"
and his grandson, Edwntd the Confessoi, still
further enlarged and improved it by his compila-
tion. By the Norman conquest the common law
fell into general desuetude, and was temporarily
buried under the feudal system,%ut it was con-
served in the hearts of the Saxon population which .
had created it, and their bold barons restored and
forced the recognition of its most essential prin-
ciples by King John in Magna Charta.
One of the most important principles of the
common law, and the ia&t one enumerated in
Magna Charta, is in these wouls:
it Every Mibjoi't ol'England shall have! the fieo enjoyment
oHus lite. Itboity, and property, unless deci.irod to be toi -
felted by the judgment of hit- potns or Uie kuv ol' the land."
That provision, nearly in identical, but more
perfect, terms, is incorporated m the Constitu-
tion of the United States. It establishes this
general principle: that all crimes ami offenses,
whenever and wherever dechued by law, and all
subjects of property, whether pioperty in the
particular class of subjects was e-stabli.shcd by
the common law, or statute law, or by appropri-
ation, custom, usage, and acquiescence, are—the
crimes, offenses, and property—all equally .sub-
ject to that general principle of the common law,
also principle of our Constitution. No subject
of England or citizen of the United States can be
deprived of life, liberty, or property, m any pos-
sible case, unless by the judgment of Ins peers
or the laws of the land, Tins great rule is just
as applicable in eases of indictmcnt for crimes
and offenses created and declared, and to new
subjects of property, invented, discovered, or ap-
propriated, as well since as before the existence
of the common law.
How many different subjects of property are
there now that were not known when Alfred the
Great compiled the common law? How many
different subjects of property are there now known
and recognized among the various nations of the
civilized world that had no such recognition when
Magna Charta was wrested from King John at
Runnymede? I have not the means and 1 have
never undertaken the task of enumerating them,
but I have no doubt hundreds and hundreds. Yes,
sir, I lay down this proposition, that the general
principle of protection which the common law,
Magna Charta, and our Constitution respectively
give to property and to the owners of property
applies as well to property that was discovered,
invented by legislative enactment, or by the com-
mon and general use and custom and acquiescence
ofthe people of England, of the United States, and
the civilized world afteras wcllasbefore existence
of the common law, Magna Charta, and the Con-
stitution of the United States. The same princi-
ple would apply the right of the trial by jury to
all subsequently created crimes and offenses.
I will now proceed to read some authorities to
establish a position which I never expected a
sound lawyer to controvert, and to contradict a
position the wildest, the most illegal, illogical, and
unsounu that a lawyer ever assumed; and that is
that property does not, cannot, and never did ex-
ist in a human being. 1 avow that property 111
African slaves existed by the general practice,
usage, custom, appropriation, and acquiescence
of all the civilized nations of Europe for two hun-
dred and fifty years; that the slave trade was
allowed and recognized by the laws of nations,
and that property m slaves exists at this time m
every country that by such usa<?e, acquiescence,
long appropriation, and universal sanction, estab-
lislud slavery m the countty, that have not abol-
ished it; and I have an overwhelming amount of
authority to sustain that position. 1 will read in
the first place from the case of Sommersett, which
admits these positions in relation to ail the Ameri-
can colonies of England and denies it in England
and nowheie beside,and only for the puiposes of
personal privilege when he has resided m England,
and in viitue ol that residence.
The ease of Sommersett was upon a writ of
habeas corpus issued in 1771 and decided in 1772,
and the questions which arose upon its hearing
were, lirst, the rights of one claiming a negio
present in that country ns Ins property, by the
lex loci; second, if suth rights exist, then-extent;
third, the laws and means for enlorcing them in
England. In his judgment Lord Mansfield says,
"A contract for the sale of a slave is good here."
That is the admission of Lotd Mansfield himself;
but he goes on to explain I'ui ther the case and the
puncipies that weie involved in it;
{* The .-iaic H a matter to which I ho law piopoily and ioa-
sonahU attaches, and will maintain the juice aeeoidxny to
tin1 iigieeiin'm."'
Now, sir, what is this position ? That a negro
might be sold in England at that day as a slave;
that the transfer ot a slave was a valid and suffi-
cient consideration upon which to uphold a con-
tract which the law would enforce, lie adds,
however:
u Bui h«*ie the peivon of the s-lave hinwlf h niiidc the
objeei of inquiry, which make* a verv mateisal dillon'iico.
The qth'-tion now whethei auj dominion, atithouty, oi
eo  mon < .m be oxen ised in t/u$ tvitnh y on a s>luvo aeeoid-
mg to the huci wnn Utu
Soinmorsi tt had been a sda\e in Virginia, and
was taken by his master to Jamaica, and from
thence to Enidaud,and kept theiesonic years asa
slave. He became dissatisfied with his condition
of slavery, ai.d his master, to se-cuie him, placed
him on board a ship in the Thames, and some
ft lends of his issued outfrom the court of King's
Bench a writ of habeas corpus to bring Sommersett
be I ore that coin t to inqune into the cause of ins de-
tention. That was the ease; and Loul Mansfield
said that the question in the case "is whether any
dominion, authority, or coercion can be exercised
in this country on a slave accoiding to the Amei i-
can laws." Ileadmits virtually, as he does after-
wards more explicitly, that if that slave had been
in Virginia or in Jamaica, and had never been
taken to England, he would have been there sub- i
ject to the authority, coercion, and dominion of
nis masteraccording to the local laws; and that the
question, and the true question, before the court
was, whether there were any such laws in Eng-
land as in those countries which wou-ld allow the
master to exercise authority, dominion, and coer-
cion over him, as he could have done in Jamaica or
Virginia, if the slave were there. Lord Mansfield
admits that fifty years previously Lord Talbot
and Lord Hardwicke, while respectively Soli-
citor and Attorney General, " two of the greatest
men of any age," had given their opinion to the
English planters that slaves by being taken from
the colonies to England did not thereby obtain
their freedom, but were subject to be taken back
at the pleasure of their owners; and that those
great lawyers undertook to be responsible for the
consequence of taking slaves from the colonies to
England. Lord Mansfield further says:
" The difficulty of adopting the relation withoutadopting
it in all us consequences is indeed extreme ; and yet many
of those consequences aie absolutely contrary to the muni-
cipal law of England. We have no authority to regulate
the conditions m which law shall operate."
The position of Lord Mansfield was simply
this, that slaves were property in England for
every purpose, except when the slave himself
claimed his freedom; that they were legitimately
and properly the subjects of contract, and that
where they were the subjects and consideration of
contracts, the laws and the courts would uphold
such contracts. The only reason why he decided
that the negro could not be held in slavery there
was, that there were no laws in force in "England
which subjected him to the authority and domin-
ion and coercion of his master, as did the local
laws of Virginia and Jamaicuand the otherNorth
American British colonies. The premises and
reasoning of Lord Mansfield did not establish the
right of Sommersett to his freedom. but only that
England had no slave code in force which would
authorize his master " to exercise authority, co-
ercion,and dominion over him." Theable judge
should have dismissed the writ of habeas corpus
on the ground that Sommersett was not a free-
man, but a slave. If his master was exercising
"any authority, coercion, and dominion" over
him, in conflict with any law of England, he should
have decided such act to be unlawful, citing the
laws which it violated, and giving Sommersett
relief only to that extent. There was no law of
England that conferred on him freedom.
Now, sir, that is the whole of the famous case
of Sommersett, decided to be free by Lord Mans-
field. He states the number of slaves that were
then held m England to be about fifteen thousand,
if gentlemen w|10 are curious in such antiquities
will examine the newspapeis in the London
Museum they will find advertisement upon ad-
vertisement to sell slaves and to reclaim runaway
slaves, and the latter described to have collars
around their necks, and the names of the owners
inscribed upon the collars.
^ Spain, Portugal, England, France, Holland,
Sweden, Denmark, and the maritime States of
Italy, constituting at the time the mostiefined na-
tions of the earth, and neatly all of civilized Eu~
rope,enteied into the African slave trade shortly
after the discovery of America, and established,
except Italy, colonies in the western hemispheie,
imported slaves into them, and held those slaves
as property under their colonial laws, with the
sanction and support of the laws and Government
of the parent countiies.
_ England entered into that trade in 1562 by ship-
ping slaves to the West Indies in a vessel com-
manded by Sir John Ilawkms. Uneen Elizabeth
was a pauner and the piotoctorof his later ex-
peditions. hi lGld a cluu ter was gran ted by James
i I to Sir Robe it litch and his associates, mer-
chants of London,with the exelu&tve privilege
of caiiym^ on the slave trade Itom the coast of
Guinea. A second charter was granted by Charles
i to another company m 1631, and so extensive
and lucrative were their operations that at agieat
! expense they erected numeious forts and budd-
ings for slave marts along the coast of the West
Indies for the defense and facilitation or their
trade. In IGGOChailes 11 chartered a third com-
panvj giving it also exclusive pi i vileges, of which
; hjs. brother, the Duke of York, was the head.
| This company engaged to furnish the British
j West India colonies with three thousand slaves
j annually. Q,ueen Anne protected the slave trade
• under treaties with foreign Powers of which it
