yHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE^
/une 14,
III 1852, through the national conventions of the
two great political parties, the country ratified and
indorsed the compromise measures of 1850 as a
finality.
• Mr. Chairman, may we not learn wisdom by
the examples and experience of the past? I would
implore honorable members to abjure party for
the paramount interest of our common country,
and respectfully commend to their favorable con-
sideration these illustrious examples as eminently
worthy of their noblest and mostexalted aspira-
tions. Their names and memories will live green
and fresh in the hearts of the people, revered and
venerated by the friends of personal and consti-
tutional liberty throughout the world, while the
fomenters of civil war, the bloodthirsty Marats
and Robespierres, like their prototypes, will be a
reproach and hissing, a byword and stench in
the nostrils of honest men.
This side of the House is powerless to give re-
lief to our bleeding, dying country. Itsdestinies
for weal or woe, with all its glorious memories of
the past and precious hopes of the future, hang
tremblingly in the balance in your hands. Will
you save us our liberties, and preserve us our
blood-boughtinheritance ? This boon we demand
at your hands; we demand it in behalf of thirty
million free-born Anglo-Saxons, whose throb-
bing hearts implore and wistful eyes are anxious-
ly turned toward this capital. This you can still
do. Will you do it? We do not expect you to
relieve us from the burdens of the $3,000,000,000
of national debt created by this war; this is not
in your power. You cannot expiate for nor
breathe new life into the two hundred and fifty
thousand brave men w.antotily sacrificed, I fear, by
your war policy. You cannot restore them to
their stricken and disconsolate friends, nor fill
the aching void that palls these bereft and deso-
late hearthstones. You cannot close the gaping
wounds nor ease the piercing agony of a hundred
thousand brave men languishing on the field and
in the hospitals. You cannot bind up the broken
heart nor stay the gushing tear of the inconsola-
ble widow. You cannot meliorate the piteous
condition, souihe the plaintive wail, nor hush the
unbid sob of the moaning, heart-stricken orphan.
These things you cannot do. But you can yet
give us back a free, independent judiciary, the
writ of habeas corjtus, a free ballot, free speech,
and a free press. Give us back the old Constitu-
tion of our fathers, with all its sacred memories
and cherished associations; though torn and rent
and perverted as it has been, we love it still; strong
arms will uphold and warm hearts cluster and
nestle around it. Give us back as it was the old
Union of our fathers, without a star erased or
stricken from the bright galaxy of its effulgent
constellation, with the old llagof our fathers with
all its ample folds still floating proudly in triumph
above us.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I am reluctant
to occupy the attention of the House at this late
moment, but I desire to present briefly my views
on the ponding question. This bill, having passed
the Senate by a constitutional majority, only
awaits the approval of this House. It proposes
to introduce into the political contest of the pres-
ent year a measure of great public concern. It
presents the question, shall the Constitution of
the United States be amended? In view, sir, of
the present condition of the country, no graver
question has ever challenged the attention of the
American Congress. The merits of the amend-
ment are of comparatively little moment. The
more serious question is, shall the Constitution
be amended at ail? Are the times propitious for
the consideration of such a question? Is it a time
to weaken in the public mind,alfeady in a state of
revolution, the authority of established principles
by innovation and change? I cannot butexpress
my earnest regret that this new element of discord
has been forced upon the countiy. Of all of the
measuresof this disastrous Administration, each
in its turn producing new calamities, this attempt
to tamper with the Constitution threatens the
most permanent injury. 1 speak, sir, without ref-
erence to the merits of tire amendment. If it
were ever so wise in the abstract the presentcon-
dition of the country would demand its postpone-
ment. The bitter experience of three years and
a half of uninterrupted misfortune ought to have
taught the Republican party the fallibility of their
judgment, fatality of tnoiir policy j but the mora
fatal their measures the more reckless their exper-
iments. What aseriesof promises and failures !
The act of confiscation was to terrify the South
and more than supply the expenses of the war.
Yet it only impoverished the Treasury by hosts
of new officers, and swelled the ranks of the rebel
army.
The proclamation of the President emancipa-
ting the slaves alike of the loyal and disloyal in
ten States of the South was to strike an irresist-
ible blow. The promise was fulfilled, but the
blow fell upon us, and its effect was to unite a
divided South and divide the public opinion of the
North. But the arming of the African would
create an irresistible army eager to redress the
servitude of ages; but it only deepened and em-
bittered, if it were possible, the contest; confirmed
the wavering in their disloyalty, and exhausted
the public Treasury; withdrew the negro from
effective labor in your service, and has failed to
add the tithe of a hair to the effective force of your
army. Your pet system of finance would sustain
the public credit for indefinite years; and if, at the
command of Hamilton, dead public credit rose to
its foet, Secretary Chase was to accomplish more;
yet even now the system totters to its fall. Capital
riots in excessive gains; the wealth of the coun-
try ra'pidly centralizes, and labor already feels the
weight of oppression. Over the united judg-
ment of your opponents, and in the favoritism of
wealth you ingrafted the principle of commuta-
tion in the act for the conscription of citizens in
the Army, and after certain States of the East
have obtained its benefits you propose its repeal.
The measure was a crime or a mistake in the be-
ginning, but its repeal would excite a just and an
indignant resistance, it may be even to violence,
because its enactment and ultimate repeal would
create an unendurable inequality in the burdens
of the war between the States of the East and
the West.
But why enumerate? What measure of this
Administration has failed to be fatal? Every
step in your progross has been a mistake. I use
the mildest term ofcensure. While you leave the
fundamental principles of the Republic unchanged
we may submit, but how can we consent that the
ephemeral politicans of the hour shall assume the
task of revising the grand work of the grand old
master work men .'For sixty years theConstitution
has remained untouched and unchanged. Not one
of the vital principles has ever been impaired ex-
cept, indeed, by recent usurpation. The twelve
amendments made by the men who formed the
Constitution were adopted in the same spirit that
presided over their original counsels, were but
stronger guarantees against the Federal power;
stronger guarantees of the domestic sovereignty
of the States, and gave such perfection to the noble
instrument that for sixty years it has commanded
the veneration of the American people and cxcited
the admiration of the world; and through all of
this period the eloquence of the wisest and purest
statesmen has been exhausted in impressing its ex-
cellence and the duty of maintaining it on the suc-
cessive generations of the American people. And
how have the people illustrated in this desperate
contest their devotion to this Constitution ! It has
inspired a heroism the most exalted, an enthusi-
asm as fervid and self-denying as religious faith.
It has called into the field a countless army of
citizens, and sanctified the grave of every hero who
has fallen in its defense. It is this instrument
and its sacred power over the public mind that
you would impair. Itis apartof the new gospel
that you preach. Your deity condemns with a
fanatic voice all that is sacred and venerable, and
a filial remembrance of our fathers and an imita-
tion of their example in their duty to God and
their country become impiety and treason.
The manner whose gallant vessel is driven by
the storm on an inhospitable coast looks out with
eager solicitude to catch the warnings of the bea-
con's light, if the firm rock on which the beacon
stands can resistthe rage of the elements, he may
outride the tempest, but if the beacon light is
overwhelmed, the gallant ship is left to the mercy
of the storm, and must perish. The Constitu-
tion, the serene light of the past, with all of the
sacred memories of the past ages clustering
around it, sanctified- by tradition and history, is
the only power underGod that can save this Re-
public. Its serene wisdom, its sublime princi-
ples, refuting the mad fanaticism of the hour, is
the only power that will lead us back into the
path of safety.
The fanaticism of the North and the madness
and treason of the South have controlled the pub-
he mind but a few years. The fall of the great
statesmen of the last generation was seized upon
as a favored moment for the reign of faction, and
its reign has been terrible, intensified by all that
fanaticism could suggest and ambition inspire;
and fearful, sir, as is now the condition of our
prostrate country, I cannot yet believe, sir, that
these mad elements are destined to totally over-
throw this once noble Republic. I cannot be-
lieve, sir, that four years of pitiless and destruc-
tive war, terrible as it is, will destroy the strong
foundations of this Republic; the fiery rage of
fanaticism must burn itself to cinders. Ambition
must expose its base aspirations to its deluded
followers. The youth and vigorand intelligence
of the American people must sooner or later as-
sert their power for humanity and justice and
peace. Four years of anarchy and ruin cannot
obliterate the memory and tradition of ages. If
fortunately the Constitution shall be left unim-
paired, and in a favored moment under a wiser
administration of our affairs it shall be brought
forward as presenting the basis and conditions of
reunion and of peace, who shall say, sir, that this
monument of the wisdom of our fathers, this sol-
emn guarantee of equity and justice, will not re-
unite the bleeding fragments of the Republic? If,
sir, this Union is ever restored, it must and will
be under this Constitution. If under the prompt-
ings of vengeance or passion,or instigated by tha
fierce fanaticism of the hour you amend this Con-
stitution, you render desperate the attempt to re-
store the Union. The subjugation of armies will
not avail; you must obtain the voluntary submis-
sion of the people. They may submit, I have ever
believed they would submit to the old Govern-
ment of their fathers. If you change that Gov-
ernment by constitutional amendment, whathope
have you in the light of human experience of a
voluntary submission?
To submit to the Constitution would be to sub-
mit to a Government once revered by them as by
us; to submit to a Constitution remodeled by your-
selves is submission, not to a common Constitu-
tion, but to you. It would be madness to over-
look the pride of character that pervades and
controls every part of the American people. If
you amend the Constitution simply to render it
hostile to ihe institutions of the South, you will
not restore the Union. However fortunate you
may be, subjugation is all that is left,and subju-
gation implies a standing army, a military repub-
lic, vaulting ambition, despotism. But in this
march of events, with the sanctity of the old Con-
stitution impaired and weakened in the public
mind by innovation, what disintegration will oc-
cur, what frightful chasms will open, through that
broad country now loyal to the Constitution, Sir,
all the experience of history warns us against this
suicidal act. All changes in the fundamental prin-
ciples of government are perilous. A wise states-
man will never attempt them except upon tbo
most deliberate consideration, and then only when
imperatively demanded and the danger more than
counterbalanced by the manifest benefits. Cha-
rondas, the Locrian legislator, enacted that ho
who proposed a change in the laws of the repub-
lic should do so in the midst of the people with
a rope around his neck; that if the change he pro-
posed should be rejected he should be instantly
hanged; and for two hundred years Locriawasa
prosperous republic. The rasb temerity that
would seize upon the moment of a nation's weak-
ness to change the principles of government to
gratify the insane passions of the hour would bo
lightly punished by the Locrian law. This prop-
osition is brought forward as a measure of war.
I well remember, sir,when, on the 27th day of Feb-
ruary, 1861, a proposition to submit an amend-
ment of the Constitution to a direct vote of the
whole people was brought before this House, a
measure of peace, when it was manifest that no
other measure would disarm the ambitious con-
spirators of the South by quieting the apprehen-
sions of the southern people. 1 refer to the Crit-
tenden compromise. It was brought forward as
a compromise. It was to be submitted to the vote
of the whole people. It was the belief of its ven-
erable author that it would prevent civil war. It
was brought before this House by a distinguished
