100S
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9.
look "to the legal standard of morality; and upon a question
of tiiia tmtutc that standard rmist be found in the law of j
nations, as fixed and evidenced by general, ancient, and
admitted practice, by treaties, and by the general tenor of
the laws and ordinances and the formal transactions of
civitized States; and looking to these authorities, he found
a difficulty in maintaining that the transaction was legally
'Criminal.
lCIt is pressed as a difficulty, what is to be done if a
French «hip laden with slaves is brought in? 1 answer
withoat hesitation, restore the possession which has been
unlawfully divested, rescind the illegal act done by your
own subject, and leave the foreigner to the justice of his
own country." 4
I will here embody the clause of the Constitu-
tion in relation to fugitive slaves:
" No person held to service or labor in one State under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from
such service or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of
the party to whom such service may be due."
The seventh article of the treaty of 1783'be-
tween Great Britain and the United States pro-
vided:
" That his Britannic Majesty shall, with all convenient
speed, and without causing any destruction, or carrying
away any negroes or other property of the ^American inhab-
itants, withdraw all his armies, garrisons, and fleets from
the said United States," &c.
The treaty of Ghent contains a similar stipu-
lation. But notwithstanding the British fleets de-
ported many negro slaves from Maryland, Vir-
ginia, and Louisiana, and the Government of the
United Stales claimed for their owners their value
from the British Government to the aggregate
amount of more than a million dollars. This was
Resisted, not upon the ground that the negroes
were not property, but that they were not deported
against the provision of the treaty. The ques-
tion was referred by the two Powers to the ar-
bitrament of the Emperor of Russia, and by him
decided against the British Government.
In the case of the Antelope, decided by our Su-
preme Court, in which the consuls of Spam and
Portugal demanded for subjectsof iheirrespective
countries portions of a cargo of slaves brought
from Africa and captured on board the Antelope
by a United States revenue cutter, Chief Justice
Marshall rendered the opinion of the court, and
he quotes approvingly the foregoing passages fi orn
the judgment of Sir William Scott. The lawful-
ness of the slave trade, and the right of the captured
Africans on hoard the Antelope to their freedom,
were questions decided in this case. In his opin-
ion, the Chief Justice says:
"The Chiistian and civilized nations of the world, with
whom we have mo-t intercourse, have all been engaged in
it. Ilowcvei abhoricnt tins tiafhc may bo to a mind whose
original feeling-* are not blunted by familiarity u/th the
practice, it has been .sanctioned in modem times by the
laws of ail nations u ho possess distant colonies, each of
whom has engaged in it as a common commercial bu^ines-s
which no other could rightfully interrupt. It has claimed
all the sanctions.winch could be derived from long linage
and grneitU acquiescence. That tonic could not he con-
sideied as contrary to the law of nations which was author-
ised and protected by the laws of all commercial nations ;
the ugiu to carry on which was claimed by each, and al-
lowed by each."
In conformity to the foregoing reasoning, the
court decided that a portion of those captured
Africans were the slaves ofthe Spanish claimants-,
and another portion of the Portuguese; and by its
judgment ordered their surrender to the consuls
of those Powers.
I have here a few other authorities from which
I desire to read before closing my remarks. In
the second volume of Pickering's Massachu-
setts Reports, in the case of the Commonwealth
vs. Griffith, Chief Justice Paikci of that State
says, speaking of the Constitution of the United
States;
" That monument wasacompiomi«o. It was a compact
by winch ail arc bound. We are to consider, then, what
was the intention of ihc Constitution. Tlie words of it
were u.-ed out of delicacy'"—
That is, u persons held to service"—
"so a-, not to offend some in the Convention whose feel-
ings we/e abhuiient tn sktveiy; but we then: eaten d into
an agi cement that ahues should be eoiwdeied a> pi opt i ty.
Fiuveiy would ^tiil have continued if no Constitution had
been made."—Pickering's Reports, \ol. 0, p. 1U.
I will now read two or three passages from the
syllabus in the case of Pugg vs. The Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania. That case originated
out ofthe recapture of a slave by citizens of Mary-
land from Pennsylvania. It was one of the most
elaborately argued and well-considered cases in-
volving* these questions that ever came before the
Supreme Court. The opinion was written by
Judge Story, whose feelings were anti-slavery;
and no man whose feelings are anti-slavery can
possibly stand perfectly erect and impartial upon
a question involving slavery. That is more than
can be expected from human nature. But, sir,
here is an extract from that, opinion:
"It will probably be found, when we look to the char-
acter of the Constitution of the United states itself, the
objects which it seeks to attain, the powers which it con-
fers, the duties which it enjoins, and the rights which it
secures, as well as to the known historical fact that many
of its provisions were matters of compromise of opposing
interests and opinions, that no uniform rule of interpreta-
tion can be applied which may not allow, even if it does
not positively demand, many modifications in its actual
application to particular clauses."
Again:
"The clause in the Constitution of the United States
relating to fugitives from labor manifestly contemplates the
existence of a positive, unqualified right,on the part ofthe
owner of tlie slave, which no Slate law or regulation elm
in any way qualify, regulate, control, or restrain Any State
law or regulation which inteirupts, limits, delays, or post-
pones the rights of the owner to the immediate command
of his service or labor, operates pro tanto a discharge ot the
slave therctiom. The question can never he, how much
he is discharged from, but whether he is discharged from
any by the natural or necessary operation of the State laws
or State regulations. The question h not one of quantity
or degree, hut of withholding or controlling the incidents
of a positive right.
" The owner of a fugitive slave ha* the same right to seize
and take him in a State to which lie has escaped oi fled,
that he had in the State from which he escaped ; and it is
well known that this light to seizure or iceapiure is univer-
sally acknowledged in all the sdaveholdoig States. The
court have notthesiightcsthesitation in holding that, under
and in virtue of the Constitution, the owner of the slave is
clothed with the authoiity in every State of the Union to
vseize and recapture Ins slave wherever he can do itwith-
out any bieaeh of tlie peace, or illegal violence, in this
sense, and to this extent, this clause In the Constitution may
propel iy be said to execute itself, and to require no aid from
legislation, State or national."
Again:
"A claim to a fugitive <dave is a controversy in a case
'arising under the Constitution of the United States,'un-
der the express delegation ot judicial power given by that
instrument. Congii ss, then, may call that power into ac-
tivity foi the very puipose of giving effect to tlie right; and
if so, then it may presenile tlie mode and extent to which
il shall he applied, and how and under what circumstance*?
the pioeeeduigs shall alfotd a complete protection and
guaiantee of the right." * +
" The power of legislation in relation to fugitives from
labor. K exclusive in the national Legislature. (Cited, Stur-
gis ri. Utowninslneld, 4 Wheat., iibi, 15)3.)
*'The ujjht to seize and retake furtive slaves, and the
duty to deliver them up, in whatever State of tlie Union
they maybe found, is undet the Constitution recognized
as an absolute positive iu hf and duty, peivadmg the whole
Union with an equal and supreme force, uncontrolled and
uncontrollable by State sovereignty or State legislation.
"The rlglu and dutv are coextensive and uniform in
remedy and operation tluuugbout the whole Union. The
ownei has the same security and the same icmedial jus-
tice and ih«' same exemption liom State regulation* and
contiol, through however many States he may pass with
the fugitive slave in Ins possession in transitu to ins domi-
cile."
I will now read a passage from the syllabus in
the Died Scott case:
The Constitution of the United States recognizes slaves
as pioporty, and pledges the Federal Government to pro-
tect it. And Congress cannot exercise ati\ nioieauihoiitv
over piopeny of that description than it may constitution-
ally <-v rcisc ovei piopeity of any other kind.
"The plaintiff lum-cll acquired no rule to freedom by
being ial*en b> In-- owner lo ltock island, in Illinois, and
biought hack lo Mi^souu."
In that case the negro was taken from Missouri
toRoek Island, in Illinois, and from Rock island
he was taken back to Missouri. One question
was whether his residence in Rock island, a part
of Illinois, gave him a light to his freedom. The
court expressly decided that it did not:
uThis court has heretofore decided that the status or
condition of a person of Ah icau descent depended on the
laws of the State in which lie icsided."
At the time he is asserting a right to freedom,
of coui sc.
" Ft has been settled be the dec i-ions ofthcliiglie^r court
tn .Mi.^ouii that, by the laws ot that State, a slave docs not
become entitled to hi< freedom, wheic the owner takes him
to iconic m a State whete -davciy i.-, not peimuted and
afteiwaids brings him back to Missouri."
I will now read from a few decisions of Judge
McLean in his circuit of Indiana and Michigan.
In case of Miller vs. McCtuarry, 5 McLean's
Rep., 469, Judge McLean decides that:
"Slaveiyis a municipal legulauon; is local; and can-
not exist without the authority oi law. But if need not be
snown thru it is eteared by expioss enactment, it may
arise fsom long lecognized imht-, countenanced by no le-
gislative action, Aliicanslaveiy is thus recognized in Ken-
tucky; and the judges of tlie Supicme Court of the United
States, whose jurisdiction is coextensive with the cotuitiy,
are bound to take judicial notice of its existence in those
States where it pievads."
In the case of Jones -us. Vanzadt,2 McLean's
Rep., 602, he says:
" In our colonial governments and under the Confedera-
tion no general provision existedfor the surrender ofslaves.
From our earliest history it appears that slavery existed m
all the colonies, and at the adoption of the Constitution it
was tolerated in most ofthe States."
Property, real or personal, takes its designation
and character from the laws of the States. It was-
not the object of the Federal Government to reg-
ulate property. A Federal Government was or-
ganized by conferring on it certain delegated pow-
ers, and by imposing certain restrictions upon the
States.
In thecaseofVaugnrs. Williams,3 McLean's
Rep., 582, he says:
"In this argument the question of slavery has been dis-
cussed, and the impolicy of the provision of the Constitu-
tion requiringfugitives from labor to be surrendered. With
this subject m the abstiact this court has nothing to do. It
is argued that slavery had its origin m usurpation and in-
justice, and is continued in violation of the natuial lights*
of man, as declared in our Declaration of Independence.
But these are topics which this court will not discuss. We
look to the law, and only to the law."
The idea of there being a higher law which in-
terdicts slavery against the positive law, either
enacted or arising from usage, is absurd. Would
any gentleman who has the least regard for his
legal characterniake such a plea in a case involv-
ing the right of the owner to his slave? Why,
he would be laughed out of court. There is but
one law of property. Natural law establishesno
property. It is only artificial law resulting from
positive enactment or from long usage that es-
tablishes property, the subjects of property, and
regulates the rights of property in the owner.
Sir, if you were to come to natural law there
are but two natural laws that even abstractly
can be construed to uphold property. The first is
the law of man's wants, either real or artificial,
true, or imaginary. The next law is his power
and his ability to appropriate that which he wants
to his own use. There are no other natural laws
of property but those two. It was the object
of society to do away with those natural laws.
In the language of John Quincy Adams they are
swept by the board. They do not exist in.courts.
They are not allowed to live, to move/-t$-$ave
their being in courts. Tiicy will not be toler-
ated as defenses or as giving rights to the claim
of property. When property exists in a state of
society it exists not by natural law, but by positive
artificial law, either enacted or from long usage.
There is no other sanction; there is no other title;
there is no other claim that can be made avail-
able in a court of justice; and whenever a law in
either form guaranties to any owner or claimant
of property his rights, and he makes good that
title in court, you may claim and plead ail the
natural and moral law, all the abstract and ina-
lienable rights of man, all the notions of justice
or injustice that phiianthiopy or hypocrisy may
put up, but they avail nothing. These higher
laws differ according to education, to the moral
structure of men, according to the school of
morals in which they are taught. But here are
positive law.s reading explicitly and distinctly for
themselves, that every man may comprehend and
understand, that every judge may enforce. When
you resort to natural law, to the laws of abstract
reason and justice, you are venturing into an un-
known and daik sea without chait or compass.
It is absurd to say that property is to receive its
overthrow from any such source.
This learned judge, who was also strongly anti-
slavery, continues in this case ofYaugn us. Wil-
liams:
{* Whatever opinions may now be enteitamed as to the
policy of mtioducmg the above provision into the Consti-
tution, at the time of it* introduction it was deemed a mat-
ter of the highest import. The fruits of the Revolution
trcmbkd m the_ balance while this and kindled subjects
were diseased in the Convention; and they were settled
only by a settlement of compromise and mutual conces-
sion. Ihit it in this and other respects it i< less perfect
than the parties on eithei side wuuld have it,-we ate not
the less bound by its provisions, if an alteiation in the
instrument be desirable, let it be made, or attempted to be
made, in the mode provided."
I suhmitthat lesson to the constitutional tinkers
in this and the other Hall of Congress who are
endeavoring to mar the harmony and the moral
power of that instrument.
<{ But while it remains the fundamental law ofthe Union,
no citizen will disregaid its provisions.
