1010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
S,tate of Michigan, in favor of an amendment to
the enrollment act so as to have the examining
boards meet at the county seats; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
ship canal.
Mr. DRIGGS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted joint resolutions of the Detroit Board of
Trade in favor of a ship canal around the Niagara
falls; which were referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals, and ordered to be printed.
court of claims.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to restrict the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims to provide for the payment of
certain demands for quartermaster's stores and
subsistence supplies furnished to the Army of the
United States; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
chews ok american vessels.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Thar the Committee oil Commerce l>« in-
structed to inqtuie into the expediency of amending the
hiw requiring thar u certain proportion of the crews of
American vesseh shall be Anmiican citizens; and report
thereon by bit! or otherwise.
putnam's eyelet hook.
Mr. PRUYN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committer on Military Affairs be In-
st) ucted to inquire into and it-port upon the expediency of
adopting the Putnam eyelet hook as a fastening lor rubber
blankets and shelter tent-*, and of furnishing them to the
troops aheady in th« mm vice.
PRINTING OF A FAPKR.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agieed to:
Resolved, Thai the mual number of eopies of the me-
morial of the lii'siW.iiure ol the State of Minnesota in infer-
ence to agtdnt of laud to the Mississippi and Lake Supeiioi
Railroad Company be punted tor the tne of the House.
TIME OF HOLDING CERTAIN COUItTS.
Mr. WILDER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend an actentitled "An act pre-
scribing the times and places of holding terms of
the circuit court in the distucta of Iowa, Minne-
sota, and Kansas," approved January 13, J803;
which was rend a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the (Committee on the Judieiary.
MIOSSAUK FROM THK SENATE.
A message from the Sennte, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announced to the I louse that the Hen-
ate had agreed lo the amendments of the House
of Representatives to the bill of the Semite (No.
30) to establish a uniform .system of ambulances
in the Army of the United States.
Also, that the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the bill (II. R. No. 150) to supply de-
ficiencies m ihe appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1804, disagreed to
by the lloube of Repicsentatives; disagree to the
amendment of the House, to other amendments of
the Senate to the stud bill; and ngiee to the com-
mittee of conference asked for by the House on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Ff.ssenden, Mr. Foot,
and Mr. Carlile, as such committee on the part
of the Senate.
KANSAS AND CALIFORNIA MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. WILDER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented concurrent resolution of the Kansas Legis-
lature, asking for mail service between Kansas
and California; which was ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Cuuumitcc on the Post Ufiice
and Post Roads.
MILITARY IJUnXl K IN KANSAS.
Mr. WILDER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented concuirent resolution of the Kansas legis-
lature, petitioning- toi the const} actio n of a military
bridge across the Republican river, near Fort
Riley, in the State of Kansas; which was ordered
to be printed, and icferred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
MILITARY 110AD IN KANSAS.
Mr. WILDER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented concurrent resolutions of the Kansas Le-
gislature petitioning Congress to establish a mil-
itary road from Fort Leavenworth via Port Riley
to FortLarned; which were ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
military and post roads.
Mr. DEMING, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs
an act to declare certain roads military roadsand
post roads, and to regulate commerce; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
navy-yard on western waters.
Mr. LAW, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following lesolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire-into the expediency of making Evans-
ville, on the Ohio river, in the State of Indiana, a point for
the location of a navy-yard on the western waters.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The call of committees for
reports is the business in order; and under it the
House resumes the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 115) granting lands to the Territory of
Washington to aid in the construction of a mili-
tary road from Fort Walla-Walla to Puget Sound.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say a few words
upon the bill before the House. If the bill were
a carefully drawn bill I should be opposed to it.
I regard it as a loosely drawn bill. But now when
gold has risen since yesterday, as I understand,
from sixty-four to sixty-nine per cent, premium,
I consider it ?is a most inopportune time for us to
be parting with any of our solid securities. The
bill before us is merely for the construction of a
wagon road—not a railroad—and yet it proposes
to surrender all the public lands of any value upon
either side of the road to the extent of fifteen
miles, and there is no security whatever for the
building oi coins ti action of that road. It is meiely
upon the certificate of the Governor of the Terri-
tory of Washington that these lands are to be
made over. Then if there should be only a spot-
ting of trees, or slicking of stakes for the line of
the road, and the Governor should regard that
sufficient, the lands would be demanded and sur-
lendered.
I trust we shall have no such bill passed at this
session. There is no limitation as to the mini-
mum price at which those lands shall be disposed
of, and they may be sold for one cent or twelve
and a half cents an acre. 1 hope the chaii man of
the Committee on Public Lands will male a mo-
tion to lay this bill on the table and kill it at once.
Mr. NORTON. I do not wish to take up any
time about this matter; but as far as my experi-
ence has gone, when this Government has made
grants of land for public improvements, it lias ac-
tually made money out of them, because it has
sold the remaining lands in the vicinity for more
than it could have disposed of the whole with-
out the improvements; and they have sold the re-
maining alternate sections in much less time than
it would have taken to dispose of the whole, if they
had retained the whole in their hands.
There seems, however, to be some misunder-
standing in regard to this hill. It is said that it is
voiy loosely drawn; that the interest of the Gov-
ernment is not properly represented or cared for.
I do not know how 1 may vote upon the bill. As
at piesent advised 1 sshall be in favor of a bill
properly drawn and guarded to secure the objects
] of this bill. Hut i will suggest to my colleague
! [Mr. Faiinswouth] whether it will not be better
i, to postpone action upon this bill for the present,
I; and allow it to go over until some future day,
!; making it a special oider, and in the mean time
having the bill printed, so that there can bcanop-
\'y portunity to examine it and give it that careful
consideration which is due to a measure disposing
(i of so large a quantity uf the public lands. 1 do
!■ not know that 1 object to the bill as it is drawn. I
am certainly in favor of the principle of the bill.
;j It is perfectly apparent that those great public im-
j! prowments cannot be made in the new Territories
|i withoutthe assistance of the Government,
jj Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no particular
jj desiie to press the consideration of this bill upon
t] the House at the present time.
jj The gentleman from Vermont says this is a
:! very loosely drawn bill. Sir, it is dwiwn pre-
cisely aa the acts have been drawn which have
heretofore passed Congress granting lands to aid
in the construction of military and wagon roads.
This bill was drawn, as I understand, by the
Delegate from the Territory of Washington., and
regularly referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. I compared the bill with others which
have passed Congress, and particularly one which
passed the last session of Congress, giving a large
grant of land to the States of Michigan and Wis-
consin to aid in the construction of roads like this.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Illinois whether he found any act of Con-
gress grantinglands to any Territory for the pur-
pose of aiding in public improvements?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think the statutes
are full of such acts.
Mr. WILSON. I think if this bill should be
passed it would be the first act ever passed graft-
ing public lands to the Territories to aid in public
improvements.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Congress has been in
the habit of appropriating money to aid in the
construction of roads. If the House thinks it is
better to appropriate money out of the Treasury
for this road than to appropriate the unoccupied
public lands, and which can never be occupied
until these public improvements are made, for that
purpose, they can so amend the bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this bill provides that these
lands shall only be sold in parcels from time to
time, as ten consecutive miles of the road are con-
structed. It also provides that unless the road is
constructed, unless it is completed within five
years, the grant shall be forfeited. It is not, there-
fore,as the gentleman will see, an absolute grant,
but only a conditional and restricted grant to
Washington Territory.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois a question. I desire to know
whether the location of this road is fixed except
at the termini, and one other point, whether the
number of miles is known, or the number of acres
which will be required to fulfill this grant.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir; the bill pro-
vides for the construction ofa road from theWalla-
Wnlla to Puget Sound, through the ^Cascade
mountains byway of the Yakama valley. That
is all that can be said, unless an appropriation is
made to send out an engineer and a corps of as-
sistants to make a survey of the road. It is over
a country through which men cannot go, and it
is absolutely necessary to develop the resources
of this country to enable emigrants to reach the
eastern slope of the Cascade mountains.
Gentlemen talk about these lands being made
the homes of actual settlers under the homestead
law. Why, sir, no man is going there to settle
on these lands unless the Territory is developed
by roads.
The people of the Territory of Washington de-
sire to see their Territory settled, and that is what
they want this road for. There is no chance for
speculation that I can see, in this bill, and I am
myself, as was the Committee on MilitaryAfFairs,
in favor of granting to the people of this far-off
Territory, when they are willing to take lands in-
stead of money, a liberal grant of the public do-
mam which is not occupied now and will not sell
to settlers, to aid them in the development of the
ivsouices of their Territory and inducing emi-
grants to settle there.
I believe the gentleman from Washington Ter-
ritory desires to be heaid upon this question, and
1 will yield to him.
i\ir. COLE, of Washington. Mr. Speaker,
the Territorial Legislature of Washington has
memorialized Congress, in a memorial which has
been refeircd to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, for an appropriation of §50,000, or lands in
lieu of such appropiiation of money, for the pur-
pose of repauing the road over a portion of this
route where a military road has been recently
built by way of the Natchess pass. Recently I
have receivi d a memouai of the Legislative As-
sembly of Washington Territory, which 1 have
not yet had an opportunity to present to the
House, asking an appiopriation of two town-
ships of land additional to construct a military
road by the way of Snoqualmie pass.
Now, all of us who have lived in the West
know what kind of military roads are usually
constructed. The road which was constructed
through the Natchess pass, although quite a large
