1986
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
sent of the Senate, and wJio shall have resigned
his commission, and whose resignation shall have
been accepted, shall be entitled to hold or exer-
cise command in those forces until again appoint-
ed thereto by the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate; but the President
may fill vacancies that may happen during the
recess of the Senate by granting commissions
which shall expire at the end of their next ses-
sion.
Mr. WILSON. I move the referenee--ef the
joint resolution to the Committee on Military Af-
faus and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
RIGHTS OF COLORED VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the President of the United Stales be re-
quested to lumisli to the Senate, if not incompatible with
the public interest^, a copy of any opinion by ttie Altorney
General on the right* of colored person* in the Army or vol-
unteer seivtce of tile United States, together with" the ac-
companying papers.
Mr. POWELL. I object to its present con-
sideration.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. Objection being
made, it lies over.
ARMORED "VESSELS.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considere<H>y unanimous con-
sent, and referred to the Committee on Printing:
Rcsolseil, Tlmt three llioirand extra copies of the letter
ot Hie Secretary of the Navy, relating to armored vessels,
be punted (or tin: u*c of llu: Senate.
SAN RAMON LAND GRANT.
Mr. HARDING. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
371) lor the relief of the settlers upon certain lands
in California, have had the same under consider-
ation, and directed me to report it back to the
Senate wuli a recommendation that it pass. It
is a shurt hill, and I will ask for its immediate
consideration; I think it will excite no discussion
whatever.
1 here being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
'lie hill. It provides that any and all persons
claiming, whether as preOmptors or settlers, or
under any grantor title, any of the lands included
within the exterior boundaries of a certain grant
for the rancho Sati Ramon, situate in the county
of Contra Costa, in California, niaile to IJartolo
Pacheco and Maiiaim Castio by Don Jose Ki-
gueroa, Governor of Upper California, on or about
the }()tli ni June, 38X1, ami which claim, or two
leagues theieof, has been confirmed by the district
court off lie United (States in separate moieties, one
in the name of Horace W. Carpenter, and the
other in the name of Rafael Soto de Pacheco and
others, by a decree of the com t made and entered
on or about the 4ili of June, I8Cd, shall have the
light In all courts lo contest the correctness oftlie
locution of the lands so confirmed, within those
exterior boundaries, notwithstanding any official
orappioved survey thereof new made or hereaf-
ter to lie made under the decrees of confirmation,
anil notwithstanding any stipulation or umseiil
given by the ilislrictattorney of the United Slates
aiitli(in/.itig such locations. In case it shall be
found thai the United States have title to any of
the lands wjtliin those exterior boundaries, which
have been settled upon and unproved by any poi-
son, in £ood hulli, undei u bona Jide claim ofntlc,
mic.h occupant, and each settlei upon the landsso
situated, IS to be entitled fo enter and receive a
patent lor one hundred and sixty acres of land,
including his improvements, upon payment, at
ihejn-operl.md office, of the Government price of
fjl Sis pur acie, and proving-tliat he was one of
Hie actual and bona fide settlers on the lands and
had made improvements thereon.
Mr. JOHNSON. This seems to be an effort
to revel se a decision of the Supreme Court of the
United Status.
Mr. HARDING. I do not so understand it.
J fie two ichgucs wore authoiizod by the distuct
attorney to In- taken or surveyed within the ox-
.tcrior houndaiirs of the grant which embraced
some six league, and the survey is in this shape,
[exiubitmg & map to the Semite, j 'i'hc survey
has not been pa d upon by the district court,
but is on file in the dork's office. 1 do not un-
derstand that it has been passed upon by the
court.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for ihe reading of the
bill again.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from Oregon
will find on looking at the act passed m July,
1862, 1 think, that persons who have an interest
in the location of grants which have been con-
firmed by the Supreme Court of the United
States,or by the district court where there is no
appeal, have aortght to intervene on the question
of location. The very object of the act of 1862
was to settle the correctness of the location as
between allcontesting claimants. Now for&ught
that I can know, or for aught that the Senator
can know unless he has got a telegram to-day,
the district judge below may have confirmed the
survey.
The honorable member gives me a slip from a
newspaper which Isuppose has been some twenty
or thirty days in getting here.
Mr. HARDING. Thirty.
Mr. JOHNSON. H has been thirty days in
getting here, and in the mean time the survey may
have been acted upon, and we should therefore
be doing what I think, even if we havethe power
to do it, is quite bad in point of policy.
These Mexican grants in California are gen-
erally grants of lands within certain external
boundaries. The rule which governs at common
law, as the Senate is perfectly aware, is that the
physical external boundaries govern the course
of the distance and govern the locution. If the
grant, therefore, professes to be a grant included
within certain external boundaries, although it is
represented to contain only one league or two
leagues, and in point of fact it includes twenty
leagues, the grantee is entitled to the whole twen-
ty; but the Supreme Court of the United States,
in the case of Fossatt, decided, the question being
directly presented there, that the true construc-
tion of a Mexican grant, which in that particular
was to be governed by the Mexican law, was that
tiie course and the distance of the outer bound-
ary were not to be considered as paramount in
controlling the construction of the grant or in as-
certaining the quantity of the land granted, but
that the party under a grant of that description
was entitled only to hold the quantity of land
called for in the grant, and that the only effect of
calling for the exterior boundaries was that he was
obliged to locate that quantity within those ex-
tenor boundaries.
In this case, as I understand it, there are two
leagues to which the grantee is entitled under a
grant by boundaries which may include some fif-
teen or twenty leagues, or whatever may be the
quantity the boundaries will include. This grant
is brought up here and is confirmed by'the Su-
preme Court of the United States. The decision
of the Supreme Court of the United Stales is a
decision only affirming the validity of the grant,
it does not give to the grantee any specific portion
of tiie land included within the external bounda-
ries. it is nocessaiy under the act of 1851 and
the act of 3862 that the decision should go back
to the distiici court, and that the suivey should
be made there by the surveyor general.
As the law stood onginally, before the act of
1862 was passed, there was no mode in which
any person claiming an interest in having that
survey correctly made could interfere at all. Jus-
tice, it may be supposed, was secure by the act
of 1851, providing that the judgments in these
cases should only be conclusive as against the
United Stales and the claimant. But in otder to
settle the whole dispute in controveisy, the act of
186x2 was passed, and that act provides that any
pel son who may havt: and can show to the court
that he has aiwutcrest in the survey of the grant i
has a right to intervene and contest
any survey
that has been made, if he thinks that it operates !
prejudicially to his interest and satisfies the court j
lie has an mteiest. j
Now, for aught I know, the preemptioners, or ,
those claiming to be piecmplioners by virtue of j
actual possession in this case, may have gone be-
i'oie tiie court below and contested the correctness
of this survey, and the survey may have been
confumed. It so, we are legislating away, if we
pajs this measure, what is now the title of the
giantee without giving him an opportunity to be
heard, and contrary to the decision of the Su-
preme Court, as that decision is eanied out by
the district court. If the decision of the district
court has been already pionounced and is erro-
neous, and these adversary claimants have made
themselves parties to the proceeding, as they were
authonzed to do, as 1 have just stated, under the
act of 1862, they can bring it up to the Supreme
Court and have the controversy decided there.
That was done in the case of Fossatt at the last
term. Fossatt claimed under a title, the validity
of which was riot disputed, to be entitled to what
was called the New Almadcn quicksilver mine.
Whether he was or was not, depended on the
manner in which his land was to be located.
There was another grant issued to a man by the
name of Berreyesa, and the holders under that
grant insisted upon it that the true location of
that grant, which was prior in point of time to
Fossatt's, was to include the New Almaden mine;
and if they had succeeded in that they would
have been the owners of that mine. That ques-
tion was tried here m the Supreme Court, and
the court decided that the true construction of
these two conflictingconterminous grants, Berrey-
esa's being the elder and Fossatt's the younger,
was to give to the junior tract the mine, because
the true running of the elder tract did not include
the mine; and that settled the dispute.
It would seem to me, and I submit it to the
honorable member from Oregon, that what he is
now about to do would be precisely what would
be done if this was proposed: Fossatt has got
the mine by a decision of the Supieme Court;
there are a great many other persons who chum
that the mine is really upon public land, and they
may be in possession. Suppose they were to
come in here and ask us to pass a law saying
that the decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States giving the land to Fossatt should
not be conclusive, but that they might prosecute
their claims as against Fossatt. That would be
in direct conflict with the decision of the Supreme
Court, and unjust as it seems to me in point of
fact; certainly it would be inexpedient in legard
to policy.
I submit, therefore, to the honorable member
that perhaps it would be better to let the bill lie
on the table until we can ascertain more particu-
larly what is to be the operation of it. These
lands are very valuable, I suppose, though I know
nothing about this tract, and never heard of it
before; but these lands in California are valuable,
and there has always been a contest between the
grantee and what are called squatters. California
was settled early by every variety of an enter-
prising population. There was nobody there
hardly who could tell what lands were granted
and what lands were not granted, or what were
the bounds of the granted lands; and men would
take possession of everything which m point of
fact was not in the actual possession of somebody
else. That has produced a conflict between what
are called squatters and those who are called
grantees, and it was with a view to settle all those
disputes as rapidly as Congress supposed justice
requiied they should be settled that the act of
1862 was* passed.
Mr. HARDING. Itappears to me that astate-
ment of this case should satisfy the Senate of the
propriety of passing this hill.
The claimants under this Mexican grant brought
suit in the United States distnct court, or rather
a suit was brought in the United States district
court, the claimants being one party, and the
United States, represented by the district attor-
ney, another party. The claim was for two
leagues. The two leagues had been marked and
the boundaries affixed, as it was ascertained in
tiie court, and the court made a deci ee granting
to the claimants two leagues of land by the bound-
aries. From that decree the claimants appealed
to the Supreme Court of the United States. After
the appeal was taken the district attorney of the
United States, in consideration that the claimants
would abandon their appeal, consented that the
claimants might locate their two leagues of land
anywhere within the exterior bounds, or the
bounds which they oiiginully claimed. In accoid-
ance with that stipulation the claimants went on
and made their survey, something like eleven
miles in length, I think, running around all the
points of the hills and taking all the arable land
that could be reached, by taking the two leagues
and extending them out into all sorts of shapes
