1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
them to the other. I ask that the bill be acted
on now.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole, reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, it Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills; which there-
upon received the signature of the President pro
tempore:
A bill (S. No. 293) to empower the Superannu-
ated Fund Society of the Maryland Annual Con-
ference to hold property in the District of Co-
lumbia, and to take a devise under the will of the
late William Doughty;
• A bill (H. R. No. 149) concerning certain school
lands in township forty-five north, range seven
east, in the State of Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 198) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th June, 1865, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 383) to incorporate the Home
for Friendless Women and Children;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 55) granting cer-
tain privileges to the city of Des Moines, in the
State of Iowa;
A bill (H. R. No. 486) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide a temporary government*for
the Territory of Idaho," approved March 3,1863;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 504) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to sell the marine hospital
and groundsat Chieago, Illinois,and to purchase
a new site and build a nesv hospital.
MILITARY INTERFERENCE WITH ELECTIONS.
Mr. POWELL. I move that all prior orders
be postponed for the purpose of taking up the bill
(S. No. 37) to prevent officers of the Army and
Navy, and other persons engaged in the military
and naval service of the United States, from inter-
fering in elections in the States.
Mr. HALE. I have not the slightest objection
to the consideration of the bill; but -I think we
ought to have the morning hour for morning
business; and I shall vote against it until we get
through the morning business. If the motion is
persisted in, I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senate will now
take up and act upon this bill. I have made some
dozen ineffectual efforts to get it up. It was dis-
cussed for three orfourdays; and allldesirenow
is to have a vote upon it. I will agree to make
no speech about it. I wish to suggest one very
important amendment and then take the vote.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope at this late period of
the session this bill will not be taken up for fur-
ther consideration. I do not think any public
interest requires it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 6, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carlile, Davis, Nesmith, Powell, Rich-
ardson, and Sauisbury—6.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Clark, Conness,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenrfen, Foot, Fos-ier, Hale, Harlan,
Harris, Hicks, Howard, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Morgan,
Morrill, Ramsey, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Ejck, VanYVin-
v klc, Wade, Willey, and Wilson—26.
ABSENT — Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Collamer,
Cowan,Grimes, Haiding,Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson,
Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Tomeroy, Riddle, Spraguc,
Trumbull, Wilkinson, and Wright—IT.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. I take this occasion to say that
" my colleague [ftlr. Collamer] is detained from
attendance on the Senate m consequence of some-
what severe indisposition.
REPEAL OF FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
The bill (H. R. No 512) to repeal the fugitive
slave act of 1850, and all acts and parts of acts
for the rendition of fugitive slaves, was read twice
by its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The bill will
be lefened to the select commitee on slavery
and 
Mr. SUMNER. I am instructed by the com-
mittee on slavery and freedmen to move the im-
mediate passage of that bill. The Senate un-
derstands it; the House of Representatives has
uln ady acted on it; there is no need of debate;
unci 1 n*k to have it voted upon at once.
Mr. HALE, i object; I want the morning
hour for morning business.
Mr. POWELL. 1 move the reference of the
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I propose to amend that
motion by moving its reference to the committee
which during this session has had charge of the
subject, to which, on the motion of the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary, it has been
already referred during this session-—the sclect
committee on slavery and freedmen.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that the motion is not amendable, and
the motion to refer to a standing committee takes
precedence. The question, therefore, is on the
motion of the Senator from Kentucky to refer the
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POWELL called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 14, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Buekalevv, Carlile, Davis, Harris, Hen-
dricks, Hicks, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Nesmith, Pow-
ell, Richardson, Salisbury, Van Winkle, and VVilley—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Clark, Conness, Dix-
on, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, How-
ard, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Ramsey, Sherman,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wade, and Wilson—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Collamer, Cowan, Fos-
ter. Harding, Henderson, Howe, McDougall, Pomeroy,
Riddle, Sprague,Trumbull, Wilkinson, and Wright—14.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
rjow is on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to refer the bill to the select committee
on slavery and freedmen.
The motion was agreed to.
PAY OP COLORED TROOPS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will take this occasion to announce that he has
appointed as the committee of confeience on the
part of the Senate upon the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill
(S. No. 145) to equalize the pay of soldiers in the
United States Army, Messrs. Wilson, Grimes,
and Nesmith.
EE PEAL OF FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. SUMNER. The select committee on
slavery and freedmen, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 512) to repeal the fugitive slave
act of 1850, and all acts and parts of acts forsthe
rendition of fugitive slaves, have directed me to
report the same back to the Senate with a recom-
mendation that it pass, and I ask now for imme-
diate action.
Mr. POWELL. I object to that kind of busi-
ness. We know that tins committee has not been
in session since that bill was referred. No mem-
ber of the committee has approached the Senator,
and he has not approached one of therti, since the
bill was referred. We want the committee to
consider it. There is a member of the commit-
tee who sits near me, [Mr. Buckalew,] and I
know he has not been consulted about it.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator who sits
near you answer whether he has been consulted?
Mr. POWELL. The Senator a moment ago
said you had no right to make the report in that
way. I happened to overhear him, and that
caused me to make the objection. 1 object to
that kind of a report being made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that it is not a question for the Chair
to decide upon the propriety of the repoit or the
action of the committee.
Mi. SAULSBURY. I object to its present
consideration.
Tin, PRESlDENTpro tempore. Objection being
mad'', the leport must lie over.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose a committee is
under no obligation to go into a committee-room
to consult on a bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I mo\e that that report be not
accepted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the opinion
of the Chair the report lies over for action until
to-morrow.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S, No. 308)
repealing so much of "An act to supply ueli-
cienciesin the appropriations for the service of the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1^64,anu for
other purposes," approved March 14, li>64, as
appropriates $25,000 for erecting naval hospital
at Kittery, Maine; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee,on Nayal Af-
fairs. ' : *
Mr. ANTHONY aslted, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a jointresoJA-
tion (S. No. 66) providing for adjustment of the
accounts of Henry W. Diman; which was read
twice by its title, and referred 10 the. Committee
on Naval Affairs. ~ ■
DISPOSAL OF COfL LANDS. . ..
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the prior others
be postponed, and that we proceed to thei con-
sideration of Senate bill No.264,forthe disposal
of coal lands and of town property on the public
domain.
The motion was agreed to; and the consider-
ation of the bill was resumed as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. HARLAN. This' bill has been read
through, and I suppose it Is not Ueeessary to read
it again unless it be desired.
Several Senators. What is the bill ?
" Mr. HARLAN. It provides for the survey
and sale of town sites that may be located on the
public domain; and also for the sale of coal lands
on the public domain.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Has that bill been read in the
Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands that it was before the Seriate on the
3d of June, and was then read. •
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time, and
passed.
• MILITARY KOAD IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to take up the
House bill granting lands to the State of Wis-
consin to build a military road to Lake Superior.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator will not
press that bill this morning. We have had land
bills or something about Wisconsin up almost
every morning for many days. I am anxious to
take up another bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think there will be no
debate about this bill. It is precisely in the lan-
guage of one passed the other morning to grant
lands for a wagon road in Michigan. They are
word for word the same. This bill was reported
by the Senator from Iowa, and I think there can
be 110 objection to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 247) granting lands to the State of Wiscon-
sin to build a military road to Lake Superior was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Public
Lands reported an amendment to thisbill to strike
out all after the enacting clause and insert a sub-
stitute. I suppose, therefore, the original bill
need not be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment alone will be read unless some Senator calls
for the reading of the original bill.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to Strike out all of the original bill after the enact-
ing clause and in lieu thereof to insert the follow-
ing:
That there be, and Is hereby, granted to the State of
Wisconsin, to aid in the construction of a military wagon
road from Wausaw, Marathon county, Wisconsin, follow-
in" the Wisconsin river as far as Skotiovvang, and from
thence, oil the most feasible and direct roate, to a point
on the State line between the States of Wisconsin and
Michigan, 111 a direction leading to Ontonagon, on Lake
Superior, every alternate section of palilte laud, not min-
oi.il, designated bvodd numbcis.for three sections in width
on each side of said road. But in case it shall appear that
the United States have, ween the line or route ol said road
is definitely fixed, sold, reserved, or otherwise disposed of
any section, or any pait thereol, granted as uloresaid, or
that the light of preemption or homestead settlement has
attached to the same, then it shall be tlieduty of the Secre-
tary of the Intelloi to set apart from the public lands of
the United States, as hereinbefore described, designated
by odd numbers, as near to said even section aforesaid as
may be, and the same shall he located within six miles of
said road, so much land as shall be equal to such lands as
the United States have sold 01 otherwise appropriated, or
to which the right of preemption or homestead settlement
lias attached; winch lands, (thus selected in lieu o! those
sold, reserved, or otherwise appiopriated, and to orvicli the
ri<Hit of nreeinution or homestead settlement lias attaciied
I as"aforesaid,) together with the sections and parts ot see-
tions designated by odd numbers as aforesaid,and approved
as aforesaid, shall be held by the SUM of Wisconsin for
| tUe use and purpose aforesaid i Provided, rhat the lands
