THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
judge (lepktes against these settlers let them pros-
e^Ue on appeal. That act gives an appeal.2 But
bow carrytfu' know, how do we know but that
is a concct location ? How do we know that the
district attorney who represented the "United States
Fiaci not a right to enter into that stipulation on
behalf of the United States? That is a question
to be decided upon judicially. If he had the right,
then the grantee is entitled' to all the lands in-
cluded within the survey made according to that
stipulation. But you are now about to legislate
wholly regardless of the fact whether the district
attorney had the right or not, and wholly regard-
less also of the fact whether independent of such
stipulation that survey would have been a correct
survey.
As I have before stated, I have not the slightest
knowledge of the particular claim or the claimant,
but it seems to me that this bill is in effect a direct
interference with the judiciary.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President 
Mr. HARDING. Let us have a vote.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well.
Mr. COWAN. I think there is some misap-
prehension, perhapp, about the facts here, as there
id no report accompanying this bill, and I should
•be somewhat sorry to see it pass exactly in this
form. As I understand the circumstances, the
claimants named here sought to-recover eight
leagues of land, and obtained a judgment there-
for, from which the United States appealed; and
iht'u a compromise w s effected between the dis-
trict attorney of the United States and the claim-
ants, by which the claimants agreed to take two
league*.
Mr. HARDING. The claimant appealed,not
the United States.
Mr. COWAN. That is not the information I
have. I am instructed to say that the United
Suites appealed, and that is the difficulty 
Mr. JOHNSON. I will state to the honorable
member, with his permission, that, as I collect
from these papers, the fust controversy between
the United States and the claimant was whether
the claimant had any title at all, whether bus grant
was a good one. The United States appealed
from the decision that it was a good title,and the
♦Supremo Court sustained the mle, decided that
the grant was valid. They sent it down to the
district court, and the stipulation was then en-
tered into in consequence of the district judge
having decided that he was entitled to only two
leagues. From that decision the claimant, ap-
pealed; and in order to induce him to abandon
Ins appeal, the district attoi ney said, in behalf of
the United States, "If you will agree to take
only two lengues,and abandon your appeal, you
may locate your two leagues on any of the pub-
lie lands within the outer boundaries."
Mr. COWAN. That is the way I understood
the Senator to make the statement before; and
[ am instructed by a party who claims to have
some interest here to say that the case is differ-
ent. If ihiscompromiHe was made on behalf of
the United States by the proper officer, and made
without any Hand, i should think it ought to be
respected; and it would be mischievous to allow
these people who have no claim, who only pre-
tend to have aclaim in beliulfof the United States,
to go into com t turd involve the leal owners in ad-
ditional litigation. As I understand, theieis no
law to be repealed by this bill, which is said to
he mischievous in its operation, or which has
operated to nrevent these men from enjoying any
lights that tl.ey have ever heretofore had; but it
is simply to allow them to get behind a decree of
the court, and compel the owners to try the case
over again. If that bo the case, and that is the
way it looks to me at the present time, 1 shall be
obliged to vote against this pioposiuon.
Mr. CONNESS, 1 will only occupy a few
moments offline 
Mr COLLAMER. I wish the Senator would
meet this point: why it is that these people can-
not come in undei the act of 1863.
Mr. CONN ESS. Because they have no rights.
Mr. JOHNSON. Exactly.
Mr. CONNESS. Exactly. The Senator laughs.
I wish, without wishing the Senator any harm,
that he had had some of die experience of these
parties.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does the member allude to
me as laughing>
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was not laughing at the
Senator.
Mr. CONNESS. I did notunderstand thcSen-
ator as laughing at me.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was laughing at something
else.
Mr. CONNESS. All right; there is no harm
done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must at this time call up the special order of the
day.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that will be inform-
ally laid aside.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am satisfied that it will
be almost impossible to get a vote now without
considerable discussion. Some Senators want to
look into this matter, and I think it had better lie
over. X have no objection to the bill myself, but
I prefer now going on with the spccial order.
Mr. CONNESS. These bills in relation to
our country lie over week after week, and the
session is drawing to a close. I think I can ap-
peal to the Senator from Ohio and say to him
that I show no disposition in this body to shirk
the consideration of public questions, questions
of great public inteiest, and we rarely occupy
much of the time of this body. We are now on
this subject*, I think we can get a vote on it in a
very few minutes. It is a very clear case. I was
simply about to address myself to the point that
the stipulation entered into by the district attor-
ney in this case- 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the duty
of the Chair to interrupt the Senator from Cal-
ifornia unless a motion be made to lay aside the
special order.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the special or-
der lie over until a vote be taken on this subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator desires it,
! have no objection that the special order shall lie
over informally in order to test the point whether
this bill will take much time.
Mr. CONNESS. I am willing to waive dis-
cussion and let the vote be taken.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then let the special order
be laid aside without any formal vote, by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. EESSENDEN. I suggest, though I do
not wish to inteifeie in this matter, that it may
be as well to let this bill be disposed of. I am
rather unwell to-day, and I do not thinkfrom the
indications we can muke much progress with the
special order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose to pass over the
special oider infoimally for a few minutes to see
whether the Senator fiom California can get
through with the bill.
Mr. COJNNESS. I am willing to have a vote
taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to laying aside the special oidei to dis-
pose of this bill? The Chair hears no objection,
and the bill is still before th« Senate, and the Sen-
ator from Cah fin niu is entitled to the floor upon it.
Mr. CONNESS. I am willing to waive all
further discussion, and let the vote be taken.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a thiid reading. It
was lead the third time; and Mr. Harding called
for the yeas and nays on us passage, and they
were oidered.
Mi. DOOLITTLE. Before the roll is called
I wish to say that the Senator from New Jersey
[Mr. Ten Eyck] has been called home to New
Jersey in consequence of the sickness of one of
the members of his family, his daughter, and he
requested me to State the fact as explaining his
absence from the Senate.
The question being takftn by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 33, nays 4; as follows:
YEAS—Mc-nm. Anthony, Huckalew,Cathie, ChandJei,
Coiiamer, L'onnr-j., luvis', Dooimle, t'e-seiul'M), Toot,
(;r!iiic\ Utile. Hauling, tlarlan, llernb't-on, How-
ard, Howe, l/tne of IiJiiiana, Lane of Kansas, Mot an, Mor-
itil, Nesmuli. Po\\ ell. it.uiHc), Kiddle, Sherman. S pi ague,
Summ i, \ tni Winkle. Wilkinson,Will* j, and Wilson—33.
NAYS—.Meabia. Chuk, Cowan, liendueks, and John-
son—4.
So the bill was passed.
LAND GRANT TO A MINNESOTA RAILROAD.
Mr. IIARLAN. I desiie to make a report
from the Committee on Public Lands, and to have
it considered at thia tune. The House of Repre-
sentatives nude several amendments to Senate
bill No. 31, making a grant of land to the Lake
Superior and Mississippi Railroad Company, in
the State of Minnesota, to aid in the constr uction
uf the railroad of said company from St. Paul to
Lake Superior. Those amendments were referred
to the Committee on PublicLands, and the com-
mittee now recommend that the Senate concur in
the Plouse amendments with amendments; and
as I suppose there will be no dispute about it, 1
ask that the report be acted on now.
The report was read, as follows:
The Committee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
Senate hill No. 31, with amendments, proposed by the
House of Representatives, have had the same under con-
sideration, and instructed me to report the same, with the
following lecommendatioi):
1. That the Senate concur in the first amendment with
an amendment, so as to lead, "Stnke out after the word
{the,' in line three, all to the word 4 so,5 in line twenty-
four, and insert in lieu thereof the words 4 State of Minne-
sota for the purpose of auhng in the construction of aiail-
road m said State from the city of St. Paul to the head of
Lake Superior,' every alternate section of public land of
the UniU-d States, not mineral, designated by odd number-',
to the amount of five alternate sections per mile on each
side of the said lailioad, on the line thereof, within the
Stare ot Minnesota; but in ease it shall appeal that the
United States have, when the hno or loute of said road is
definitely fixed, sold, appropriated, reserved, or otherwise
disposed of any sections, or any pait thereof, giantcd as
aforesaid, oi th.it the i ijjht of preemption or homestead so
tlement lias attached to the same, then it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Tntenoi to select from the lands of
the United States nearest to the lines of sections above
specified in alternate sections or parts thereof."
2. That the Senate concur in amendments two, thiee,
four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, and twelve.
3. That the Senate concur in the thirteenth amendment
with an amendment, so as to read " Strike out the woul
< ten' and insert the word ' eiyht' in lieu thereof."
4. That the Senate concur in the fourteenth amend-
ment.
.5. That the Senate concur in the fifteenth amendment
with an amendment, so as to read:
Add the following as anew section :
Sic. 8. Jind be it/wither enacted, That any radioad
which may hereafter be constructed fiom any point onthe
hay of Superior, in the State of Wisconsin, shall be per-
muted to connect with the said raihoad, for the construc-
tion of which the said lands aie hereby granted,at any
point which may be selected by the president and direct-
or of said i ail road company so pei mi tied to conncct their
said road,ami the said railroad company so permitted to
connect shrill have the light and privilege to transport or
have transported over the track o! saul nulioadlorthecon-
strucfion of which the said hinds are hen by granted, nil
or any of it- ear--, pns<en«ers, oi freight*, and the -aid rail-
toad company controlling the said road iorthe con^ti uctmn
of which the said land.-* are hereby granted shall have the
same iiiiiit and privilege to transport or have transported
all or any of its cars, freights, or passenger- over the track
of the said railroad oi the company so pel mi tied to connect,
and said transportation shall be [raid by the railroad com-
pany using to the railroad company according the same at
the UMiaf rates or charges winch may be imposed b> the
sard company upon all other cars, freights,or passengers.
Mr. HO WARD. 1 should like to hear some ex-
planation of those amendments from the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands.
Mi. RAMSEY. 1 hope the Senator fromMich-
ignn will not object.
" Mr. HOWARD. I want to know what we
are voting upon.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senate bill made a grant
of lands to a railroad company organized by the
Legislature of Minnesota. The House of Rep-
resentatives struck out the name of the company
and inserted the name of the State, so that the
grant will go to the State of Minnesota and not
to the company. There is another amendment
which is incomplete, probably owing to an inad-
vertence in the other House. I lefer to the pro-
vision requiring the land outside of the ten miles
granted to make up deficiencies within the ten
miles, to be taken in alternate sections. Py some
oversight in drawing the amendment in the House
of Representatives, the provision as to alternate
sections was omitted, so that the grant would be
a solid grant outside of the ten miles, unless the
amendment that the committee now propose to
the House amendment be adopted.
The eighth section, which the House of Repre-
sentatives proposes as the last amendment, con-
templates that the grant shall be made to the
company; but if the Senate shall adopt the first
amendment of that House, changing the giant
from the company to the State, then of course
there should be a change in the eighth section to
make it correspond with the body of the bill.
I think 1 have now'stated the substance of the
amendments proposed by the Senate committee
to the amendments of the House of Representa-
tives to the Senate lull.
The PRESIDENT pro lonjiore. The Chair
will put tile question oi, the whole report to-
