1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
pother, unless some Senator desires a separate
vole on each amendment.
Mi'. HOWARD. 1 desire to ask the Senator
from Iowa wh"ther the prebent bill as reported
l>y ihi; Committee on Public Lands allows the
Siat.* of Minnesota to dispose of these lands to
ftny other company except the one which is men-
tioned iti the Senate bill.
Mr. TT 1RLAN. If the amendment shall be
concurred in by the Senate the grant will be to
the State of Minnesota, and will be under the
control of the Legislature of Minnesota.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is satisfactory to us.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
The report was agreed to.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order will now be taken up.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move that the Sen-
at" proceed to the consideration ofexecutive busi-
ness.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senate will so
far indulge us as to allow the foima.1 amendments
of the Committee on Finance to the bank bill to
be acted on, and then 1 shall ask nothing further
to-day on thatsubject. I do not think it will take
more than a few minutes to go through with those
aim ndments.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It is very important
for the interests of my State that we should have
an executive session of about five minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. You can have it after
a while.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, If the Senator from
Ohio desires to press his bill, I withdraw my mo-
tion for the present.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to have action on
the amendment I offered last night to the bank bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
39.)) to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide tor
the circulation and redemption thereof, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment of Mr.
Chandler to the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Finance to the forty-iirst section. The
committee's amendment was to strikeout the fol-
lowing clause in the forty-first section of the bill:
And TUithlttc ia tins act sisal! be construed to prevent the
taxation hv ir'at'1* "t the capital stock ot bank-- otganizcd
under ton/act, the tame a- the property of other moneyed
coinorations. for s^tate o> municipal [imposes; Imtnofetate
Plialt iiniio-o'any ta\ upon such a-rf.oei.itions.oi their cap-
it -I eta itUtu n, dividend.-, or Inismes.-, ata higher rate ot
taxation than -hall he imposed ,by Mich State upon the
vine ainountot moneyed capital in the hands ol ind.vu na
citizen- of such State: Pro.-uM, That no State tax shall
be imposed on any paitof the capital stock ot s«eli asso-
ciation invested 111 the bonds ot the Lmtid states depos-
ited as. sect!lit} lor its cneul.Uion.
And m lieu thereof to insert:
And in lien of all other taxes, cveiy association shall pay
10 the Tie.\-nrer ot the United States m the month-, of
Th!h -"-v ami .fulv, a fiutv ot one li.Uf oi one pei coisf. caea
half \ ear ho.ii and afterMie 1-t day of Januarj. 1XA, i.pon
the iuvi.v'p .iniountot Us notes m uucul.mon, unci a duo
ot om .pnulcrot'oae p-i  t. each hall year upon t ie
nvera-'e amonnt of its deposits, and a dutj ot one quaitcr
of per cent. ea. h half yeai, as atoie.aid, on the aver-
age amount ofit-capital stock beyond the amount united
nVnl.'d State- bonds; and in ca-eof detault in the pay-
ment tlieieorbv tinva-soci.itions. the duties atoresaidmaj
e collected x.i the manner prodded for the col^emm of
1 I.oeit State-- duties of othei corporations, or the I ica-titir
f. -one the amount ot said dunes out ot the intra f--t
it in .v h. come dm on the bonds .1, posited wt'U lust
«,u 1 eUlIu "n-eeiation. And ,t shall be the untyot
c"; ,1,,,"atom v eln11 f.i days I,on, the 1st days o Jan-
' i inl. (,< Vl{c\i f"alcc a i ^uns nndcr t ie
J I " no to the T.eastirei of the ir.u-
T , . 1 s'ttell fo. m as h< ui.n pre,ciibo,of the ttv.n-
««■ ^r^'lhe'ave^tinoniirof'S
-jr.;;! ,L'U *«.
j!)(, MI, h us-m-i.iuon on me bond* depoMttdw it.
1 n In- option, m tin- mannei in V-tuli
tin- lol OiiR'i cusporniion^ und-ir
JVMI.'IIHc : <' ■  |S nHdincii^orVm-iuUfaulttlic
HH i.1 V% - i>  SllC 1 I  .., c,,/ h ,1-5-aori.lMOU fiKtli
i1"","1-," -Sld'npon IhJ amount ot note- delivered to such as-
t-' ... nolle, ot theCute'iicy, and upon th
conation I.J 111 " . e ' d ,;ll .t0ck, to be as-
lujrhe-t nt i ts i. . t- a I „.asuri.r may deem
c-ii,uned in Mich "t.n i inam 5 |(, e01!^trned
best - /b-oi.etei.Th.uno Inn . t .
preMn.t the ...a ;■ l|;l''V„y p.V^.n or ho.ly-eorpoia'e.
r,r.;'., ■.'.r.v.v.'.A'ViTiv.i
6lf B""e' cuu"i5;
or municipal purposes, but not at a greater rate than is as-
sessed upon other moneyed capital    the i«and.s of indi-
vidual citrons ot fc-ucli Btat<i. And all the remedies pro-
vided by State laws fot the collection of r^ucii taxes shall be
applicable thereto: Provided, also. That nothing in thi&
act -shall exempt IhP real estate of K'5soeiation& from eiilter
State, county, or municipal taxes to the same extent, ac-
cording to its value, as other real estate is taxed.
The amendment of Mr. Chandler was after
the word " best"'and before the proviso to insert:
Provided, That all taxes. State, county, and municipal,
shall not exceed the amount of taxes assessed l>y the Slate
upon its local banks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
that his amendment does not come in at the proper
place, because as he has it the exception would
come before the subject-matter to which it is a
limitation.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well, then, let it be
put at the end of the proviso.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it would come in
better at the end of the section.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well, let it be put
there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is covered now, how-
ever, by a previous provision that the taxation
shall not be at fj greater rate than the taxation on
moneys in the liands of individual citizens; but I
see the object is to prevent a State making a dif-
ferent rule to favor its local banks.
Mr. CHANDLER. Precisely; that is the ob-
ject. „
Mr. FESSENDEN, I prefer that the Senator
should withhold that until we come into the Sen-
ate. I should like to look further into it.
Mr. CHANDLER. At the request of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance I with-
draw the amendment now, but I shall renew it
when the bill comes into the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Michigan being with-
drawn, the question is on the amendment of the
Committee on Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section forty-four, w hich provides for the transfer
of State banks to the national system, to strike
out in lines thirty-four, thirty-five, and thirty-six
the words " $100,000 nor less than ^200,000 it in
a city of more than fifty thousand inhabitants;
so as to make the proviso read:
Provided, however, That no s-ueh association shall have
a les-5 capita! than the amount piescubcd l'or banking asso-
ciations* under tins act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word "cur-
rency," in line eighteen of section forty-six, to
insert the words " retaining a copy thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nineteen of
section forty-six, to strike out "and," after "de-
fault;" and in line twenty, before the word " no-
tice," to strike out " his," and after " notice to
insert "by him."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
word "equal," before "amount,"in line twenty-
four of section forty-seven.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section fifty-throe,
line eight, after the words " United States" to in-
sert the words " in a suit brought for that pur-
pose by the Comptroller of the Currency; so
that it will read:
That if the directors of any association shall knowingly
violate, or knowingly pcunitaiiy of the olhccre, agent#, in
tenants of the association to v.olate any ol the proii-ions
of thi" act, all the rialit?. pi ivileires, anil lianc,iis  ol the
association dei.ved Horn tin- au-hall he theicby Imlcite,!.
Such violation shall, however, tie cleteiininwl anil aiijiioacd
m a piopoi cm tilt,di^tuct, orteiritoual court ot the rjniteil
Stall'-, in a suit biought lor t.iat purpose by the Loi.iptiot-
U'l of nil' Cui i nicy, beioic the association -nail be dee.and
i <U Mr 'johnson. I should suppose it was
i doubtful whether under the amendment pioposed
| by the committee it would not be necessaiy to
brill" the suit in the name of the United Suites,
j That, 1 understand, is not the purpose, i pro-
I pooe, therefore, to amend the amendment by ni-
I sertmg after the words " Comptroller of the Gur-
t rcncy " the words " ill his proper name,
i M'-. SHERMAN. 1 think that would be the
;l effect of the committee's amendment. He would
have to bring it in his name with the de^cnption i
jS of his office. , . , ,. I
li Theamendmenttotheamendmentwasagreul to. I
Mr. HENDERSON. T move to amend the
amendment of the committee as amended in-
serting after the Wo/d " name " the wor<ls "or
by some other person.1' - • ' , '
Mr. SHERMAN." What Is that'for? , ''
Mr. HENDERSON. The objfcct'of my
ment is to permit any othfer 'penson to go Mtjp
court and allege that the'bank Has vioHtecrjtp
charter, and risk that the charier be forfeited/ The
Comptroller of the Currencyimay not'bfc'so well
advised on that subject a'S individuals. " ■
Mr. SHERMAN. That certainly would-,be
very hard indeed. By this section, wnerttef'atty
bank has vibtateU the provisions of the dct,-itfa
made tiie official duty of the Cbmptrolfeir" of 'dip
Currency to commence the suit. ' 1 do not tftink
the Government shoutd subject the bank to tile
suit of every individual. * ' . (
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri to the amendment of the commi^ef ,&s
amended, after the word " name" to insert " or
by some other person." jt
Mr. HENDERSON. In lieu ,of those words
I will move to insert the words " or by some
other person having an interest." „_ -
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be so
modified. , ,
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will read this
section i^ponnection with the precedipg sections
I do not think he will insist upon his amendment.
It is. made the duty.of the Comptroller very per-
emptprily, under asevere penalty, for any viola-
tion of this act to close these baijfes; but jt.was
felt to be unjust to allow this authority ,to close
the banks unless in pursuance of judicial proceed-
ings; and therefore the duty is imposed on the
Comptroller of the Currency to commence Pr<^"
ceedmgs in ordqr to ascertain and place beyond
doubt the commission of the act of violation oy
bankruptcy. If you extend that power beyond
the Comptroller of the Currency it would be vei'y
hard.
Mr. JOHNSON. There mightbe-a dozen suits
at the same time for the same purpose, and
cause the bank a great ,deal of trouble. The
general rule is, as-the Senate of course are &ware 
that a corporation can only be declared forfeited
by so-me special provisions of the franchise. A/
the amendment is adopted it appeavs to me there
might be several suits brought on at the same time
miKlliUUBCVCiwsuiwwiw-t,--'"- -
to establish the same fact, and they might not al-
ways be decided in the same way. Some oftiietw
might be decided in favor of the bank and some
against the bank. .
Mr. HEN DERSON-. I am no tat all desirous
to have inserted in the billany new or strange pro-
vision. It is the case in my State now that-any
individual may go into court, andj by a declara-
tion, set out the fact that any corporation m the
State has violated its franchises and ask what is
intended to be asked here only by the Comptroller
of the Currency. If the Senator havingthis bill
in charge will look at.this section, he will sec that
some other parties than the Comptroller of the
Currency might know of a violation of the pro-
visiuns-of this act much better than the Comp-
troller himself. For instance, there is a provision
in this bill saying that a certain rate of interest,
and no more, shall be charged. How Will' the
Comptioiler of the Currency know whether these
banks have charged more than the wgular rate o
I interest or not upon their local loans. How will
the Comptroller of-the Currency know whether
! they have charged more than the usual rate of
: ^chance between one point and another? lhose
foots cannot possibly be known under any report
■the batiks are required to make to the Corupti oiler.
: The individuals from whom money has been ex-
torted in the shape of interest or unreasonable eX-
l change would beugreatdeal morelikely to under-
i stand the violation on the part of the corporation
' than the Comptrollerliimself. Infaet.theComp-
! ti-oliercannot possibly know—itisoutofhispower
 whether these violations have been made ornot.
The section now reads:
Thnt if the directors of any association shall knowingly
2!^f™
Such Violation shall, however, be determined
ttolier of the Currency.
