1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1013
committee will have leave to finish their reports
if there be no objection. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
gives the committee the privilege of finishing their
reports?
The SPEAKER. They will have all day after
the morning hour.
Mr. fciOLMAN. On this particular subject?
The SPEAKER. They have authority to re-
port generally.
PRBKMPTORS ON INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, submitting a report, in obe-
dience to the requirements of the act of Congress,
"for the relief of preemptors on the home reser-
vation of the Winnebagoes,"&c., with his award
of the amounts to be paid to the claimants re-
spectively; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union for the purpose of taking up the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation bill.
It is not a special order, and I propose to allow
two hours for general debate, if any gentlemen
desire to speak.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Nor-
ton- in the chair,) and proceeded to the consider-
ation of bill of the House No. 192, making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, arid judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending
30th June, 1865.
Mr. McCLURG. Mr. Chairman, I regret the
necessity of this occasion. I regret that gentle-
men occupying seats on this floor should so far
have lost their self-respect as to use language so
unbecoming, and, at the same time, false, as to
cause me to consume for a personal explanation
time that might otherwise be more profitably em-
ployed. But, sir, remarks from me arc due now,
indeed past due, not only to myself but to the
loyal district which I have the honor to represent;
to a constituency, a radical constituency, that
have from the very commencement of this rebel-
lion until the present sustained Mr. Lincoln and
indorsed every national measure of his Adminis-
tration so far as they had been discussed up to
the time I left Missouri in November; a constitu-
ency that have sustained the Government by con-
tributing their means without stmt, even sacrifi-
cing thtnr wealth, and by the voluntary offering
of the lives that have been surrendered on almost
every battle-field. Remarks areduenow, because
I have been personally attacked by two colleagues
from the opposition side of this House, and be-
cause m both instances the attacks were unpro-
voked, malicious, and sustained only by false-
hood. I have been suddenly driven, without
provocation, until my back is to a wall, and I
must defend myself. The first attack was made
on the 5th ultimo by a colleague from the fust
distnct, [Mr. Blair,] who stealthily made an
assault upon his four colleagues known as radi-
cals, a name with winch, whether applied to sla-
very or the rebellion, 1 am proud to be honored.
Di\ the 24th ultimo the attack was renewed by
niy colleague [Mr. King] from the sixth district.
It may be considered a large undertaking for one
s>f my pretensions to attack two of such propor-
tions as their distinguished titles would indicate,
major general and an ex-Governor and aid-de-
camp to a Governor. But bear in mind, I did not
attack; I fend off, and I am not unconscious of
the fact that their assaults are with very little
force. They are efforts of diseased men to pro-
long their own lives they have in their madness
impti iled, when,too, the hoary locks in one case
tell us that in the usual course of events the grave
would soon have claimed its own. The victims
to the disease "negro tremens" are e>en more
numerous than those to delirium tremmis. It is
known by a recklessness of morals, desperation
in executing corrupt designs, an entire disregard
of the Uuth. Theie is complete derangement on
all subjects where it is possible for the negro to
intrude. The patient betakes himseU to wander-
ings, and usually in search of" State lines," and
is found crossing them first upon the north, then
upon the south, as imaginary inducements may
operate upon his disordered brain; therefore when
he hears of another individual being near a " State
line" he imagines he is " hunting for it." In the
cases before us I shall demonstrate by the records
these evidences of the disease before I shall have
finished. For, Mr. Chairman, I wish it under-
stood that my reputation is notsulhciently estab-
lished here for me to rely merely upon assertions.
That may answer for ex-major generals and ex-
aids-de-camp of Governors; butl will enforce my
opinions by evidence that will remove all doubt.
In these two cases some of the principles are
the same, and facts alike applicable; but I will
first turn my attention to the ex-Governor, ex-aid-
de-camp, [Mr. King,] and show you some evi-
dence of derangement, i regret that his wander-
ings have suddenly led him from our midst. Sir,
the stately form of that venerable man moved
slowly but majestically m this Hail as it were but
yesterday. As if to show us how unable we are
to penetrate the future, his spirit has gone—to the
western plains of Missouri, and his body is fol-
lowing after. But I have the satisfaction of know-
ing that if I should not shortly be sent upon the
same errand on which he has preceded me, he
cannot return from the spirit land and torment me
for attacking him when absent. I have an hon-
orable witness on his own side of the House, as
well as the record on the Journal, that I informed
him I would endeavor to obtain the floor and
speaktohis personalities. Ishall,therefore,give
his character, it is customary to speak only of
the virtues of the departed. As his attack upon
mc was unprovoked and malicious, and intended
to he personally offensive, I will depart from this
custom; especially as I have discovered no virtues
of which I could speak. We shall, doubtless, at
times realize the absence of my colleague, but we
must be content to draw a little upon our imagin-
ations. If the painting were now presented rep-
resenting him and my colleague from the first
district [Mr. Blair] about thecenter of the Hall,
with their coat-tails fastened together, and then-
heads in close proximity,' and fust one and then
the other making demonstrations against this side
of the House, and especially against their radical
colleagues, the picture would be readily recog-
nized. They moved about with that unity of
feeling and purpose which they would have the
country believe connects them to the President.
Gray hairs naturally inspire my respect; but when
old age fails to produce, along with gray hairs,
that discretion which is usually looked for, my
respect is changed to pity, and with sorrow I
dwell upon the frailties of poor human nature.
But, in this case, having been personally and un-
justly assailed, 1 must make an example of that
'indiscretion which will permit a falsehood to come
foith to accomplish a base purpose. I must de-
fend myself, and one of the idols ot myselt and of
southwest Missouri, the eighth regnnentcavalry,
Missouri State militia.
After the disbanding of the "home guard"
regiment which I had the honor to command,
two companies were at once organized in the vol-
unteer seiviee as Missouri State militia; and in
February, 1862, under authority from Governor
Gamble, I took charge of them, and went to south-
west Missouri, from Jefferson City, to organize
a regiment. We were surrounded with dangers;
companies could only be formed by giving pro-
tection to some given portion of country, and en-
larging the circle of our operations as one* com-
pany after another was added. Fighting rebels
m organized companies, and in the brush, were
common occurrences. Before we became a regi-
ment four of the companies distinguished them-
selves at Humansville, Polk county, for their
bravery, where they were attacked by at least an
equal number of rebels, who were repulsed with
heavy loss of killed on the field. In less than
three months we were a cavalry regiment of ten
companies. The commander of the Union forces
at the hard-fought battle of Lone Jack has already
borne public testimony to the bravery and daring
of two other companies of the re-imcm, m which
about half the men were either killed or wounded.
About the same time other companies engaged
in the pursuit after Coffee, und-r command of
: General Tort^n. Being commander of a post,
| and acting under oideis, I wos or^amzmg at that
time, and did organize, a regiment of loyal en-
rolled militia. The entire eighth regiment was in
pursuit of the enemy, save one company, with
which I rejoined my regiment one hundred and
ten miles further southwest early in October, 1862,
atwhichtime the army ofthe Frontier was organ-
ized under command of General Schofield, and
proceeded in search of the enemy to Fa-yetteville
and Huntsville, Arkansas, in the vicinity of the
Boston mountains. In that army of the Frontier
1 do nothing more than justice- to the eighth regi-
ment cavalry Missouri State militia, which was,
known as a fighting regiment, to say there was
not one more highly respected for bravery and
efficiency. But my time being limitedtoan hour
I cannot dwell. That army was not met by the
enemy>and,under command ofGeneral Schofield,
returned into Missouri early in November, 1862,
and was distributed in various parts, and I was*
assigned to the command of the post of Lebanon,
the regiment occupying it and two other stations;
This march of the army ofthe Frontier iota
Arkansas, is what the gentleman from the sixth
district [Mr, King] alluded to when, on the 24th
ultimo, he said:
"The only time that I ever heard of that militia [the
ten regiments organized for the defense of the State] hang-
ing fire was when he [McClcjrg] went in pursuit of the
rebels. They [rebels] took south according to tfcfir usual
practice. When my colleague's eighth regiment reached
the Arkansas hue, they stopped pursuit of the rebels an#
went on a hunt for that line. My colleague [Mr.MeCi.DEo3
found the Aikansas hue, and would go no fuithei."
When that language was uttered, I rose and
pronounced the statement false. If I were to rely
upon my own assertion, I presume it would off-
set the assertion of the one who made it, leav-
ing the question of veracity to be determined.
When I so pronounced it, what course would a
fair and candid colleague have pursued on this
floor? He would have apologized, saying he
wished some merrimentand had been so informed.
But what did this colleague do ? Supposing he had
inflicted a wound, he repeated the blow, appar-
ently with more deadly aim; for he added:
" I will state in justice to the eighth Mie&ouri regiment,
that it wa«s understood it was. not their fault." " J do not
believe it was their fault."
Meaning that the regiment had not crossed the
line, and that it was the fault of the commander,
his colleague of whom he was speaking. And
not satisfied with that attempt to add injury to
insult, he then adds:
"My colleague, seeing that no laurels were to be won in
that way, lesigned liis commission. So far as 1 know, he
could not deploy into line or set a squadron."
So far as he knew! Well, so far as I know, the
venerable gentleman had better remain at home
and turn his attention to " setting" liens. For I
will presently show from the records that branch
of his education has been of late years neglected,
as he has tor at least fifteen yeais been looking
for 44 State lines." He knew that I resigned my
commission as colonel because, during my ab-
sence fiom my district in the Army, I had been
elected to the present Congress, and that my res*-
ignation was at a time when no active service in
the field was expected, in the latter days of De-
cember, 1862.
But i will now seal the charge of falsehood to
this infamous and malicious statement. Unso-
licited, and certainly unexpected, I received a
letter, which I will send to the Clerk, that he may
correct me if I fail to give the exact language. I
ask that it may be observed that the date of the
letter is 27th December last, just five days after
I delivered my "home guard" appropiiation
speech,before it appeared in pamphlet form, and
therefore when the writer-could only have seen
it m the public papers. The letter was not there-
fore dictated by any suggestion of mine. My
colleague from the sixth district will respect this
letter as entitled to credit, as he has embodied in
his speech of 24th ultimo a report from the same
author, Brigadier General E. B. Brown, in whose
brigade I was in the army ofthe Frontier. The
letter is as follows:
IIeadquak ters District of Central IVIis'-oukx,
JkFFERsox City, Mo., December 27, 1863.
Colonel: I have lead with pleasure your excellent
speech on the bill making appropriation to pay deficits due
honi« guards, and. as you ate aware, know the valuable
«etvicf*«; rfiidf-rcd by the home guards of Missouri, from
being in active command in the^tatu during the time they
render'd s-eiviee. No more noble patriot* have enured
the ii^ts to protect our Government than wVre in tin- ranks
ot this service. When the Govemmentreceived additional
