2pm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
Government of the public lands? Upon one oc-
casion I made this investigation, and found that
the lands, in the extinguishment of the Indian
.titles, in making the surveys and the expenses of
(he sales cost a little less than twenty-two cents an
acre. That is what it cost the General Govern-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. "Will my friend allow me
to correct him? The, States of Ohio and Indiana
yielded more money tu the General Government
from the sale of public lands than any of the new
western States haye yielded,and we received less
grants. I know the basis on which the account
referred to was made up. Take the new west-
ern States, and I doubt very much whether the
receipts from the sale of public lands in the new
western States west of the Mississippi river and
north of Illinois, have paid the expenses of their
acquisition, and expenses of surveys and the In-
dian grants, &c. That account is based on the
ideaof taking the old sum received from Ohio and
Indiana when the lands sold at two dollars an
acre, when we did not get even three per cent, on
the proceeds of the public lands, and when there
was no such thing as land grants. The sum is
made up in that way.
# Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Ohio
speaks in general terms. 1 $ras attempting to
£ive the exact facts as I arrived at them upon an
investigation made some years ago when 1 was a
member of the House of Representatives. In
extinguishing the Indian titles, in surveying the
public lands, and in selhngthe public lands, they
cost to the Govciftment about twenty-one and a
half cents an acre, and our minimum isfl 25an
acre, go, that the man who enters a quarter sec-
tion of land, pays for it in money, ana makes his
settlement, has paid to the Government a clear
profit of above one dollar on each acre that he
pays for.
Mr. GRIMES. Do you take into account the
expenses of keeping up the land offices?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir. I take intoac-
count the expense of selling, which involves the
expense of the land offices; but I do not take into
account the annuities we pay to the Indians, nor
is that a fair charge against the public domain.
Those annuities are paid because we wish to keep
on terms of peace with the Indians, and it is a
part of the war policy of the Government to pay
the Indiana annuities,, instead of a part of the
public land policy; therefore that charge is not
properly to be made against the public lands.
The agriculturist of the Northwest for many
years, ever since the adoption of the present land
system, has paid to the Government a profit of
above one dollar an acre on the public land. If
he pays for it in money, it is that much clear
profit. If he pays for it in a bounty land war-
rant, it is a discharge to the Government of the
obligation she assumed to the soldier for his ser-
vices m the field. No odds whether it is paid in the
one way or the other, it is a profit to the Govern-
ment, and wc maygive awayonehalfofthelands
in Wisconsin to aid in the development of that
hard country, and slill the agriculturists of Wis-
consin will be on the credit side of the account
between her and the* General Government. I do
not listen with the greatest patience possible to
this balancing of accounts and saying that the
northwestern States are indebted to the General
Government for these grants. The agricultural
interest of the Northwest has been taxed more
heavily in the purchase of the public lands than
any other interest in the Government. No other
interest pays five hundred per cent, upon any oi i-
ginal cost that the Government lias incurred. We
foster other interests, but we charge a large spec-
ulative price to the settler upon the public land.
What speculator in public land expects to make
five hundred per cent., expects upon an invest-
ment of twenty-one and a half cents to makc#I 03?
This hill, I think, is a fair one.' It tends to the
development of a very hard country in a very
northern and rigorous latitude, covered with dense
forests, very haVd to open indeed, and 1 think it
is but fair to make the grant.
I desire to make a verbal amendment to the
amendment of the committee. After the words
" United States,'* in the thirty-sixth line of the
first section of the amendment of the committee, I
propose to add the words " or granted," so as to
make the purpose of the committee clear.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Another verbal amend-
ment I think is proper. I move to strike out of
the fortieth and forty-first lines the words " to
the United States,"and to insert" and excluded,"
so as to read, 4< be and the same are hereby re-
served and excluded from the operation of this
act."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The annendment, as amended, was agreed-to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read the third time. The bill
was read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carlile, Conness, Davis, Dixon, Doolit-
tle, Foot, (Iarlan, Harris, Hendricks,Howe, Johnson,Mor-
gan, Nesiriith,Pomeroy, Ramsey, Richardson, Sumner,'Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Grimes. Hicks, Riddle,
Saulsbmy, Sherman, and Willey—8.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Chandler, Colla-
mer, Cowan, Fessenden, Foster, Hale, Htudtng, Hender-
son, Howard, Laneol Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McDougall,
Morrill, Powell, Spiaguc, Wilkinson, and Wright—19.
So the bill was passed.
PREEDMKJS'S BUREAU.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole, re-
sumed theconsideration of the bill (H. R. No. 51)
to establish a Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs, the
pending question being on the amendmentof Mr.
Sau£sbury to the amendment reported by the
select committee on slavery and freedmen.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It is not my purpose to
continue this debate if nothing further shall be said
which shall call for reply, but merely to notice a
little further one objection which was made yes-
terday to my amendment. It was objected by the
Senator from West Virginia [Mr. Willey] that
the amendment was not germane to the bill, and
by the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson]
that it was incongruous. Now,sir, I wish tosay
that there is no incongruity about my amend-
ment, because the fourth section of this bill,
which is a bill to establish a Freedmen's Bureau,
applying to negroes, declares:
That the Commissioner, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, shall have thegeneral superintend-
ence of all freedmen Unonghout the several departments;
and it shall be his duty especially to watch over the exe-
cution of all laws, proclamations, and military orders of
emancipation, or in any way concerning frmlinen, and
geneially, by careful regulations, in (he spirit of the Con-
stitution, t<> protect th".-< pm&ons in the enjoyment oftheir
rights, to promote their welfare, and to sccure to them and
their posterity the blessings of liberty.
That, is one section of the bill. I have offered
an additional section referring to the white race;
and if there is any incongruity in it, it is simply
because one refers to "white and the other to black
men, my Amendment declaring that the constitu-
tional rights of white people in the States not
in revolt shall be respected, and that no white
person within those States shall be deprived of
life, liberty, or property except by due process of
law, reciting the words of the Constitution.
Now, sir, what is the object of my amendment?
It is to secure to a portion of the people of this
country the blessings of liberty which the bill
under consideration proposes to secure to another
class of people. It is to protect them in the en-
joyment of their constitutional rights. This bill
proposes to protect the negro race in their rights,
it is to promote the welfare of the white race that
uiy amendment is offered. This bill proposes to
promote the welfare of the black race.
Another objection was made to my amendment,
that it was confined to the States not in revolt.
There is no incongiuity in that, Mr. President.
The bill under consideration provides, or pro-
fesses to provide, for securing the rights of the
black race in certain sections of the country. My
amendment proposes to protect the white race in
the enjoyment of their rights. There can be no
incongruity in the fact that they may apply to
different sections of the country.
I think, therefore, I have removed the objec-
tion raised by the Senator from West Virginia
and the Senator from Maryland as to this amend-
ment not being congruous to the bill, and I now
present it to the Senate in this light: that while
professing to pass a bill promotive of the rights I
and the liberty and the welfare of the black race
they have an opportunity of adopting an amend-
ment to secure to white people the enjoyment of
their rights and the promotion of their welfare,
and to assure to them and their posterity the bless-
ings of liberty.
Having removed this objection, I ask the Sen-
ate to vote without attempting the intervention of
any technicality, because no one will say that it
is not perfectly competent for the Senate so to vote,
and to vote dire<4S^upon the question whether
these constitutional rights, secured to us by the
fundamental law of the land, are to be respected
in future. 1 rejoice that there is one portion of
what is considered the dominant party in this
Government, the party which now administers
the Government, although not in my opinion nu-
merically the strongest party in this country,
that has recently proclaimed to the people of the
United States that these rights shall in thefuturebe
respected. I am glad that there is a portion of the
dominant party who, after witnessing the violation
of these rights in the past by this Administration,
have firmly resolved that in the future they will
strike hands, at least so far, with that party which
has always been faithful to the Constitution, to
secure in future permanently the advantage of
these constitutional rights. I welcome any aux-
iliaries, however much I may have differed from
them in the past.
Mr. President, let the Senate adopt my amend-
ment and it will cause a thrill of joy throughout
the whole country; it will give assurance to the
people of the whole land that the fundamental
charter of their liberties is not totally forgotten,
and that however much it may have been infracted
in the past it shall be respected in the future;
then the patriotic heart will take hope again, and
we shall be enabled to march forward to a com-
mon destiny and to a common renown.
Mr. HARLAN. As I understand this propo-
sition, it is a repetition of the phraseology of the
Constitution on the points indicated. If I am
right in this, I suppose a vote of Congress one
way or the other will not affect the subject. Con-
gress would have no right to repeal these provis-
ions of the Constitution; and if we attempt to in-
corporate them into a law and reeriact them it
•will give them no additional force. It seems to
me, then, to be sheer folly to vote in favor of a
proposition of this kind. It might convey the
idea to the unthoughtful that we have a right to
repeal the Constitution of the United States; and
I suppose the Senator does not intend that any
such inference shall be drawn if his proposition
shall be rejected.
Mr. POWELL. I shall vote, sir, for the
amendment of the Senator from Delaware with a
great deal of pleasure. I do not think there is any
force in the point which has been made that it is
not germane to this bill, nor do I think it inti-
mates directly or indirectly that we can repeal the
Constitution of the country. It can do no harm
to the bill under consideration if the bill is to be
passed. Our ancestors saw fit to proclaim in the
Constitutionnhe principles set forth in the amend-
ment of the Senator from Delaware; and in these
times, when these grcatprinciples of civil liberty
are being trodden under foot by executive power
throughout the whole land, I think we should be
rccreant to our duty if we did not reaffirm,them
whenever they were presented. Our English an-
cestors reaffirmed over thirty times by act of Par-
liament the great principles of liberty embodied
in Magna Charta; and why should we not now
here rebuke those in authority who are putting
under their feet these principles of civil liberty
which we all pretend so much to cherish ? I think
the adoption of the amendment by the Senate at
this time would be a rebuke, and a just rebuke, to
the executive power,and that is one reason why I
shall vote for it. I will onallfitoccasionsgive my
vote to reaffirm the great principles of the Consti-
tution that are the very base, the foundation-stone
of the liberties of this people. It can do no injury
to the bill if it is to be passed. 1 am opposed, of
course, to the hill of the Senator from Massachu-
setts; I think itis very odious in all its features; and
I shall take occasion, perhaps, before itis put upon
its passage, to state bome of my objections to it;
but I can see no objection to having these great
principles that underlie our institutions reaffirmed
here to-day by the solemn vote of the American
Senate.
