1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1013
insurrection, to punish treason and rebellion, to
seize and confiscate the property of rebels, and
for other purposes." It is as follows:
" Of a piece with the ingenious but rather disingenuous
assault ot the gentleman from Pennsylvania upon die Pies-
ident is an oceuircnce which tooK place in the other end
of the Capitol some days since, and which I find recorded
in the D.iily Globe. A Senator from my own State [Mr.
Brown] presented what purported to be a memorial from
members of the Legislature of Missouri, and a protest of
four Representatives from that State, against the confirm-
ation of General Schofield as a major general. I do not
mention this circumstance to comment on the extraordinary
and most unbecoming declai ation contained in that protest,
in which these four members claim to be the only repiesent-
atives ot the Union men of Missouii, for theie is nothing
in the character or liistoiy of eitherol'them to warrant tins
arrogant assumption, but for the purpose ot exposing a cov-
ert assault upon the President under the pretext of defeat-
ing the confirmation of General Schofield. If it had been
the object to effect the latter purpose this paper would have
been presented in executive session, wiieie nominations
are consideied, and not in the open session of the Senate,
as it puiports to have been done, when no such matter can
propei Iv come before that body. The memorial and protest
contained only matters which had been previously submit-
ted to the President by a great committee of radicals, which
visited Washington for that purpose; and the.-e statements
had been examined into by the President, who, in his re-
ply, plainly declaied that he did not believe them to be true.
Yet the President is arraigned upon these same stale and
discredited statements before the country upon the memo-
rial of membeis of the Mii&ouii Legislature and four mr in-
here ofthi-s House, under the pretense of asking that Gen-
eral Schofield should not be continued, and that, too, after
an agreement was had with the President that no oppo>i-
tion should be made to Schofield's confirmation, but that
he should be, on his own lequest, relieved from the com-
mand m Mit-souri. The President,! presume, in hisdesae
for peace among tho^e who professed to he loyal, was will-
ing to make this concession; but after accepting the con-
cession, these parties fiewfiom their agreement, under the
dictation of bolder and more open enemies of the President
and liia. Administration, who would not permit the oppor-
tunity for assailing him to pass."
The language is no less a personal attack upon
the four radicals, and falsely accuses them of du-
plicity. That language was not uttered in this
House. The gentleman so far forgot the rules of
propriety as to take advantage of the courtesy
extended to him by the House—permission to
have his speech printed—and near the close we
find the words of personal abuse which he has
condescended to use. After paying his attention
to the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia who is chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, who has in no instance failed to give
the weight of his vast influence in favor of fur-
nishing to the Government all the men and money
asked for to suppress the rebellion, and then hast-
ily noticing one of the Missouri Senators and a
memorial from sixty-four members of the Legis-
lature of Missouri, he dwells upon a protest of
four Representatives from that State against the
confirmation of General Schofield as a major gen-
eral. He says:
C'I do not mention this circumstance to eommcnton the
rxfraotdinaiy and mo=t unbecoming declaration contained
in that piotest, in which these four members claim to lie the
only representatives of tiie Union men ol Miss-ouri."
The gentleman is not sustained m his assertion
by the language to which he alludes. The lan-
guage is to be found in the first words of the pro-
test referred to, as follows:
"Wr, the undersigned, representing tiulv lojal congres-
sional districts, as well as the loyal citizens of the StaTeof
Missouii," See.
We do not there declare we are the "only" rep-
resentatives of the loyal citizens of Missouri, if
we had, why did not the gentleman quote the lan-
guage? Why merely make an assertion? Here
is the protest for examination. He did not quote
the language because one word was wanting. If
it were not to give the impression desiied by the
gentleman, why did he supply the very word,
"only," and falsely put into our mouths a word
we did not use ? He says,u claim to be the only
representatives," &c. He must either suspect
his own loyalty, or he attempts to conceal himself
from public scrutiny, lest he may be suspected
by others on account of those with whom he sym-
pathized and affiliated at our last general election,
and those wirh whom he now associates. It is
astute in politics as in morals that a man's char-
actei is known by the company he keeps.
But he says he mentions die protest of the four
radicals " for the purpose ot exposing 5 a covert
assault' upon the President, under the pretext of
defeating the confirmation of General Schofield
and argues that " jf it had been the object to effect
the latter purpose—the defeat of General Scho-
field—this paper would have been presented in
executive session." And further, that " the me-
morial and protest contained only matters which
had been previously submitted to the President
by a great committee of radicals, which visited
Washington for that purpose; and these state-
ments had been examined into by the President,
who, in his reply, plainly declared that he did not
believe them to be true." I emphatically deny
that the President made any such declaration.
His letter, bearing date 5th October last, to the
radical delegation, through its committee, will
prove the truth of my statement. One sentence,
near the close of that letter, reads as follows:
"1 do not arraign the veracity of gentlemen as to the
facts complained of; but I do more than question thejudg-
ment winch would mlcr that tho?--e facts occurred in accord-
ance with the purposes of General Schofield.15
The President does not question the facts, but
the argument based upon them. " A covert as-
sault upon the President!" Well, I have this to
say: that when the President requires protection
from the assaults of others, whether they be " cov-
ert" or undisguised, he had better call foi vol-
unteers from among those who occupy before
the country some definite position, ana not have
himself and the nation dishonored by having one
amonghis body-guard,apolittcal nondescript, oc-
cupying the anonymous position of the gentleman
[Mr. Blair] who cannot quite make up his mind
to fully identify himself with the other side of
the House, in case they would receive him, and
whom this side cannot take into fellowship or
sympathy; and which last assertion is well estab-
lished by the result of the vote directly after his
speech was delivered, (for his sentiments were
repudiated by this House by theirvote,) and fur-
ther shown by his most signal failure to have
himself made chairman of a special committee to
investigate the corruptions which he alleges to ex-
ist in the Tieasury Department, when it may be
presumed that members considered the propriety
of ascertaining and judging for themselves whether
or not there might be, as the inducement, the grat-
ification of feelings of personal malignity. i( A
covert assault upon the President!" It was a
bold assault upon General Schofield, in defense
of the loyalty of our oppressed State.
As to presenting the protest m executive ses-
sion, I have to say that if any error were com-
mitted by which that protest reached the Senate
Chamber and was then presented to the public
gaze, the four radicals are, not chargeable with it.
Still, I think there was no error. Facts, such as
are declared in that protest, should go before the
public, be read and known. And as they have
not been successfully contradicted, they will be
believed, especially as they are now a part of the
history of Missouri.
We did not consult Senator Brown about that
protest. It was notaddiessed to him, huttoHon.
Hannibal Hamlin, President of the Senate. If
the same facts had been " pieviously presented"
and not believed by the President, it was the more
important that they should have been reiterated,
and in such thunder tones that the President would
arouse to a full appreciation of Missouri affaifk.
It was important that the sixty-four-gnn battery,
manned by that number of loyal Senators and
Representatives from the \ arious portions of Mis-
souri, and the four-gun battery, feeble-toned as the
one now speaking may be, sent here by four loyal
districts to assert the rights of the loyal people of
the State, should have sent forth missiles, not at
the President, but at whomsoever would place
themselves in the way; such missiles that the
"judgment" would be no longer " questioned"
which " would infer" that the " facts" existing m
Missouri were " in accordance with the purposes
ofGeneral Schofield. " The noise of those batteries
was heard. The repetition of " facts" brought
conviction as to their truth and respect as to the
" judgment:" for action was the immediate result.
General Schofield was immediately relieved of
the command of the department of the Missouri,
and oidered to go wheie he may have an oppor-
tunity to win his laurels before wearing them.
But the tones of the Missouri batteries spoken
of were heightened by the presence and terrible
fire of one of six guns from the gallant, loyal State
of Iowa. Those gnns hav^ in their composition
no metal but th:it"of very best quality, are fiee
from blemish or tarnish, and their caliber of the
largest kind. That battery was voluntarily
brought, by those who so ably manned it, to the
aid of " the loyal delegation in Congress from the
State of Missouri." I will here produce it, that it
may be seen. It is as follows:
House of Representatives, January 8,1864.
To the Loyal Delegation in Congress
from the State of Missouri:
The undersigned, of the delegation from Iowa in Con-
gress, and whose congressional districts, border some three
hundted miles upon the State of Missouii, have received
information which gives them some alaim for the peace
of the border. The^e representations, from responsible
sources, arc to the effect that known and notorious rebels,
who had returned from the rebel armies into "Missouri, had
been furnished with arms under the authority of Governor
Gamble or General Schofield, and actually organized into
companies ; and that such organizations are found in the
.counties dangerously near the State line of Iowa. A few
border military companies exist in Iowa, under State au-
thority, barely sufficient in numbei to keep the peace against
rebel sympathizer on either side of the line. Some out-
lages have been already committed in tlie southern tier of
counties in Iowa, mdicatmgthe continued existence ot the
rebel secret organizations. Our constituents are firmly of
the opinion that the threatened danger is solely attributable
to the existing regulations in Missouri, which keep parties,
loyal and disloyal, anti-slavery and pio-slavery, so nearly
balanced, and the latter so well armed; that affrays, rob- 
beiies. and slaughter may at any time break forth, not only
in Missouri, but across the border in out State. The feel-
ing such that in some border counties of Iowa, we are
advised, petitions aie circulating for the removal of Gen-
eral Schofield, to whom they assign the responsibility for
this perilous condition of the coterminous territory.
We believe that peimanent peace will not bo established
there until one paitj or the other in Missouri, pro-slavery
or anti-slaveiy, disloyal oi lojal, shall gam an acknowl-
edged supieumey m authority and in numbeis. We ask
you. gentleman, who lmc the right to be heard at Wash-
ington. to counsel measures which will preserve order and
law, where they can only he found, under the control of
men who offer blood and ttea.-uro to save the eou tiy,not
under the armed interfeienee of men who have offered
blood and treasure to destroy the country.
The feeling m our districts is increasing in Intensity.
Our people resent the indignity of arming again their old
enemies on the border; and we warn, through you, the
State you represent of the coming danger, if the enemy
whom our troops Imve conquered at the fiont is senttothe
rear only to be retimed there to our greater peril.
We are, very respectfully, vour obedient servants.
JOHN A. KASSON,Fijth District.
JAMES F. WILSON, Firs-t District*
J. B. GRl'S'SELL, Fourth District.
The undersigned, being members ot' Congress from the
State of Iowa, concui in the foiegoiug statements.
H PRICE, Second District.
W. 13. ALLISON, Third District.
A. W. HUBBARD, Sixth District.
Observe, if you please, the language. From
" responsible sources" the information comes that
{{ known and notorious rebels" returned ftom the
rebel armies " had been furnished with arms and
organized into companies." " Thefeeling," they
say, "in our districts is increasing in intensity."
if Our people resent the indignity of arming again
their old enemies." " We warn you of the com-
ing danger."
Here, Mr. Chairman, is an indorsement of the
truth of at least one charge against General Scho-
field—that of arming returned rebels and their
sympathizers.
This six-gun battery was attacked on the 27th
ultimo by the ex-major general, [Mr. Blair,]
who supposed it was in "a trap," and therefore
that he could capture it. But suddenly two of the
guns opened on him, and he was repulsed with
the loss of several feathers out of his cap. Ia
that short engagement it was demonsttated to ail
spectators that that battery was not " in a trap,"
but stood on ground where they were prepared to
defend their veracity and judgment.
"Yet," he says, M the President is arraigned
upon these same stale and discredited statements."
I deny it, and say positively the words " Mr. Lin-
coln or President" are not used from the begin-
ningof that protest to the ending; are not used in
the memorial of the sixty-four members of the Mis-
souri Legislature; are not us^d in the letter of the
members from Iowa. Why, sir, I know that
Mr. Lincoln is the first choice of some of the
members of the Missouri Legislature* who signed
that remonstrance. The name of the Speaker of
the House appears to it; and he, an avowed and
acknowledged radical, came from his chair, took
the floor, and made a personal defense in debate
of Mr. Lincoln, and stated emphatically that he
was for him first, last, and all the time, and that
his hand was against evei y one who opposed Mr.
Lincoln. And, sir, the four radical members on
this floor were not sent here to consume the time
of t his House in talking about the nextPresidency,
when the people will utter their potent voice, re-
gardless "of what we may do. If wv want to en-
