1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBEV
WAR, NEWS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair,
will lay before the Senate the following dispatch
from the War Department, which will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
War Department,
0? Washington, June 15, 7 a. m.
Sir : The movement of the army of the Potomac to the
south side of Richmond, across the Chickahominy river
and James river, has progressed enough to admit of the
publication of some general {^■without danger of pre-
mature disclosure.
After several days' preliminary preparations the move-
ment commenced on Sunday night. The eighteenth corps,
under command of General Smith, marched to the White
House and then embarked on transports for Bermuda Land-
ing. Wright's eorp«i and BurnsideJs moved to Jones's
bridge, where they crossed the Chickahominy and marched
thence to Charles City, on the James river. Hancock's and
Warren's corps crossed the Chickahominy at Long bridge,
and marched thence to Wilcox's, on the James river. The
James river was to be crossed by the army at Powhatan
Point.
A dispatch from General Grant, dated Monday evening,
half past five o'clock, headquarters Wilcox's Landing,says
that the advance of our troops had reached that place, and
would commence crossing the James river to-morrow,
(Tuesday;) that Smith's corps would commence arriving
at City Point that night, and that no fighting was reported
during the movement except a little cavalry skirmishing
yesterday.
On Tuesday afternoon, at one o'clock, General Grant was
at Bermuda Landing. In a dispatch from him dated there
of that date he says: " Our forces will commence crossing
James river to-day. The enemy show no signs of yet hav-
ing brought troops to the south side of Richmond. Our
movement from Cold Harbor to the James river has been
made with great celcrity, and so .far without loss or acci-
dent "
An official dispatch dated at General Butler's headquar-
ters, 2.*20 p. m , says that Smith's corns was coming in,
five thousand having already landed.
A dispatch from General Sherman's headquarters, dated
at three o'clock yesterday afternoon, near Kenesaw,states
that the General is in front advancing his lines on Kene-
savv. Another unofficial dispatch, dated at nine o'clock
last night, reports some advance to-day; that Thomas has
gained ground, and that one rebel brigade is-nearly sur-
rou nded. 11 further states that the rebel General Polk was
killed to-day and his body sent to Marietta.
In another pait of General Sherman's East Mississippi
division our forces have not met with the success that has
attended competent commanders. General Washburne,
at Memphis, reports thatthe expedition, consisting of three
thousand cavalry, five thousand infantry, and sixteen
picces of artillery, sent out from there under command of
General Sturgis, encountered a large rebel force on the
]0th instant, under command of Forrest, at Gtintown, on
the raihoad running south from Corinth, and after aseverc
fight, in which our loss in killed and wounded was heavy,
our tioops were worsted, and that at the latest accounts
Sturgis was at Colliersville, retreating toward Memphis.
He further states that, with the troops that had lately ar-
rived, Memphis is safe.
General Sherman, having received news ofSturgis's de-
feat, reports that he has already made arrangements to
repair the disaster, and placed General A. J. Smith in
command, who will resume the offensive immediately.
No other military intelligence has been received by this
Department since my last telegram.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
* Secretary of War.
Hon. Daniel Clark, Presideutpro tempore of the Senate,
meedmen's bureau.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 51)
to establish a Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs.
Mr. TEN EYCK. No doubt the reading of
that dispatch is as gratifying to the Senator from
Delaware as it can possibly be to me, because it
gives a further assurance that the authority of the
Constitution, the infraction of which lies so near
his heart, is likely to be maintained and the men
who are guilty of its attempted destruction are
likely to be overcome and overwhelmed. Al-
though he has not mentioned the circumstance
that rebels in the South are guilty of a viola-
tion of this Constitution, and the whole burden
of his song has been directed to the violators of
it, as he clterges, in the North, still I have not
the slightest doubt it brings the liveliest satisfac-
tion and joy to his heart to. learn that this Con-
stitution thus violated and thus trampled upon is
likely to be placed upon a sure, stable, and firm
foundation.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Allow me to interrupt
the Senator.
Mr. TEN EYCK. In a moment. The Sen-
ator will have an opportunity to reply when I
a«n through. I often desire to put a question
or throw in a word while a Senator is speaking,
but 1 always restrain my anxiety until he has
concluded,and then nothing can afford me greater
pleasure than to give way to the Senator. The
Senator from Delaware has frequently distin-
guished me by proposing questions. Now 1 will
propose-one to him, as a legislator, not as a poli-
tician. It is this: whether he thinks the adop1-
tion of the amendment of his upon this bill can
be of any practical importance one way or the
other. As I understand it, it is a reaffirmance
of certain cardinal principles of the Constitution
of the United States, which we are all sworn to
support. If we disregard the Constitution and
our oaths also—if it be 'true that there are men
in the North who do that thing—will we belike-
ly to reverence and respect an act of Congress
upon this subject? We reverence the doings of
our ancestors when we pay but very little heed
to the acts of those about us—certainly not to as
great an extent as the acts and deeds of buriore-
fathers and the men who framed this charter of
our liberties.
I see, then, no practical use in incorporating this
declaration of wise and wholesome doctrines in
this bill. But if the object is to make aspeech,if
the object is to attract the attention of the country,
if the object is to arraign a pure and noble body
of patriots in the .North and to impress upon the
public mind that the Administration and its friends
are enemies to the Constitution, to the Govern-
ment, and to the country, then I can understand
why the Senator should propose this amendment
and make his comments, and'hail the boasted ac-
cession of strength which he anticipates as being
on its way to join the true friends of the Union,
of which the Senator from Delaware informs us
he is one. He is welcome to all the strength he
can secure from such a source as that. He can
boast in his new friends, " woolly horse"and all.
Sir, I could vote without any difficulty for this
amendment; but where is the practical use of it?
What is the object of it? I cannot impugn the
motives of the Senator; 1 cannot dive into the heart
of the Senator from Dclawareand see the motive,
design, and object that he has in view; and there-
fore 1 cannot attribute motives to him. Snll, I
can form my own opinions of his designs and
purposes; but being in the dark in relation to his
object further than from his declaration that his
amendment will bring a " thrill of joy" to the'
northern heart, I cannot fully understand him.
But,sir,as necessity hascompelled the Government
to lay its hand on traitors and to hinder them
from pulling down thefabricof our Government,
I can understand that a thrill of joy might rush
through the veins of these if we should pass a law1
to fetter the action of the Government, and to
restrain it from taking up these violators of the
Constitution. It may bring a thrill of joy to the
hearts of such men, but it will bring sorrow and
regret to the hearts of patriots who are serving
in the Army, to the hearts of patriots who have
lost sons and relatives in the service, and whose
bodies are now festering in bloody graves.
Sir," I shall vote against this amendment for the
reasons stated.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The honorable Senator
from New Jersey has referred to the joy that he
felt on hearing the dispatch from the Secretary of
War read. He has expressed his opinion—at least
he says he has no doubt—that I felt the same
joy. I am sorry to hear that honorable Senator
admit that at least one portion of that dispatch
brought joy to his heart; for, sir, there was one
portion of it that brought no joy to mine. When
it was announced by the Secretary of War that
General Sturgis had been defeated and with great
loss, and was on his retreat to Memphis, I felt no
joy; and I do not presume that it gave any joy to
the heart of the honorable Senator from New
Jersey. It was a word incautiously said, not prop-
erly weighed. I confess to the Senator that I
felt no joy ill hearing such an announcement upon
this floor.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I meant the general prog-
ress and success of our arms.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have never, underany
circumstances, in private or in public, whatevei
may be my opinion ofth is war and of its utter
ity, felt any joy when those who bore the stand-
ard of the country in the field have met with dis-
aster. Sir, I was born under that flag. 1 expect to
live and die tinder that flag and under no other, pro-
vided the friends of liberty can be successful in
preventing despotic power from tearing it down,
and provided they can in the future, as they have
in the past, cause it to be the emblem of that con-
stitutional liberty achieved for us by patriotic
aires. When that disaster shall come over my
country, I shall not be found among, those,
raise the standard of revolt dgain'st'itr'AhOulu'it^,'
State suffer the humiliation of continuing to bfe".a
subject province, and .her sons be "permanently
denied the enioymentofliberty, I will see whether
has.been stricken down, but' bidding" farewell to
the graves of my fathers," I will seek it acrbsstfre
waters, inhere at least I can cherish the recollec-
tion that I "and my fathers were born Under.it
and lived' under it, until all the principles ofwhicli
it was once the glorious emblem have been to;
stroyed.
The honorable Senator says; I do hot refer to
those southern men who raised the standard of
revolt against that flag. I appeal to the records
of this Senate whether ! have had any rtiore pari
ticipation in their movement than the Senator from
Newjersey. As I have before sard on tliis floor",
on the day when Mr. Buchanan sent in his last
annual-message and Mr. Wig,fall and Mr. I versoh
made their speeches, proclaiming here in their
seats the intention of the South to retire from the.
Union, though at that time the youngest member
of this body, scarcely warm in my seat, befoi*e:
even the Senator from New Jerseiy rose, I Was
the first man to proclaim that the State of - Dels-
ware, which always has a •watchful care, I should
like to have said, over New Jersey, which always*
respectsNew Jersey, having been the first to'enter'
this Union would be the last to abandon it. We .
Have "made no attempt to abandon it even when
deprived ofour constitutional rights. I have seen,,
in violation of those principles of the Constitution;
which my amendment seeks to reaffirm, my neigh-
bors and friends, four in one day, snatched from
their helpless families and carried, by order of
General Sehenck, to Baltimore, denied a hearing,
refused a statement of the charge against them,;
refused a trial, and banished the same afternoon
to a hostile shore. I have seen, in violation of the"
principles of fundamental law which my amend-
ment seeks to establish, the constitutional rights
of my people taken away of even voting for those
who shall make the lawsunder'whieh they shall.
live. Sir, the people of my State have witnessed1
all this, but they have never attempted to follow
the leaders of secession.
Sir, it is fruitless here to bealwaysdenouncing
the men who have seceded from the Union. "I ask
the honorable Senator what good that can do?
He approves of their course as much as I do. I
have but one mission now during the remainder
of my biief term in the Senate. My mission is
one and single: the advocacy of civil liberty, to
hold up before my countrymen the example of
our fathers, and on all fit occasions, if i possibly
can, to induce my associates hereto reaffirm those
principles of civil liberty upon which were laid
the deep foundations of this Government. I in-
vite the cooperation of my honorable friend from
New Jersey, the patriotic and gallant State of New
Jersey, whose Witherspoon and other heroes and
sages of (evolutionary renown helped to frame
this Constitution; I invite him to join me in this,
noble work of reaffirming what they did, of say-,
ing now that New Jersey, in these days when,
these principles are being constantly violated, will
imitate the example of New Jersey's sons of rev-
olutionary renown, and reaffirm the principles
which they so fondly cherished. - v
But the honorable Senatorasks, what good can
result from the adoption of this amendment? Sir,
good may result in several respects. Coming to
the ear of the present occupant of the White
House, who has violated every one of the articles
of ihe Am«ndments to the Constitution repeat-
edly, almost daily, it will tell him, "Sir, you
seek a reelection at, the hands of the American
people; we, the representatives of the sovereign
States of this Union, say to you, you must not.
dare to repeat these infractions in the future, be-
cause if you do you are not above the Senate of
the United States." It will go forth also as the
voice of the Senate to the people of this country,
saying to them, "Those who represent you ill,
the highest council chamber of the nation intend
to take care in the future that your constitutional
! rights shall be respected, that whatever may be .
the termination of this most unfortunate war,
civil liberty at all events shall be preserved m the
adheringStates." What good will it do? I ask
the Honorable Senator whether, when the people
