1016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
gage in President-making, let us transact what
business we have to do, and go home and enter
me canvass, and talk to those who will control
this whole matter. 'The fowa members have
not brought the presidential ■'question before the
Houses but one of them informed us, in reply to
the ex-major general, that Mr. Lincoln is the
choice of some of them who signed that letter.
The radicals of Missouri are not all opposed to
Mr. Lincoln. He is not the first choice of a por-
tion of them. He is the first choice of others.
Taken from one of the leading papers of that
State, the Missouri Democrat of the 25th ultimo,
from the editorial column, is the following:
"As to Mr. Lincoln as a proposed nominee, we stand
where we stood prior to the convention which nominated,
him some tour years ago. Having candidly expressed a
• preference, we arc ready heartily to accept the candidate
whom the convention shall select. To us the eau*.e is every-
thing, and the man-— aside from hia wUi and power to pro-
mote it~nothinjr. Oar principles arc those of the Union
party of the ctiuntiy, ami the nominee of this party, stand-
ing squarely on its platform, is our man. But we shall not
abet in any eotnst; Involving the selection of the man first,
and then the neoe«sttyof adjusting tiw platform to th* pre-
selected man. New and paramount issues have been cre-
ated by the war, us fortunes, and its progress, and as to
these issues in the choice of the next national Adminis-
tration, the will of the people must be heaid."
Tin's is not opposition to IVfr. Lincoln, although
another may be the iirst choice. I will insert two
extracts from another radical paper of Missouri.
The able editor is almost a youth; but, sir, the
fiery (rials to which the people of my State have
been subjected have aroused the people to a sense
of their condition and their rights, und even the
boys have iheir eyes upon our public servants.
That radical young editor says:
"As to Mr. Lincoln, hut lew will denybutth.it hh claims
strongly ieeomiueml him for another torn. lie has boon
tried, and ho lias proven himself the man for the position
and the turn's."
But that editor does notscom to think with my
colleague from the fust distnot, [Mr. Blair.] that
the support ot the President depends upon him*
or, in other words, that tlu y, the President and
colleague, (Mr. Bi,aiu,J are one and insepa-
rable, for I clipped from the same pnprrand num-
ber the following:
"It is difficult to tell whether he [Mi. Blair] ls try-
ing toseff out to the Democrat*,orwheihcrihe Democrats
want to sell om to him. There is nothing Frank about the
gentleman hut Iih name. At any iato,theie ■jui'iiw to h « a
desire tor a bargain ^omevvheie nl the pi.-miM's, and I would
suggest that it Would he \ve|| to po^pone the nureha-e <>r
sole until the (Jonunittee o( Elections decides whether he
is himself entitled to his t>eat, 01 whether, as his contest ant
Mr. Knox, uvcn, lie is not h.'ie tlm>u h the iHsfrumcntality
oi the vote o.uly and vote oiien" pniieipie."
Upon tin-subject of the„lraiKilmeutofthe Pres-
ldent in that protest, tin; ^enllcinnn says, "Ami
that, too, niter an n« renuont wns h«d with the Ph-m-
icient that no opposition .should he made to Scho-
field sconfirmatjon. " Had (hegentleman stopped
there, t would have supposed Ik; was in posses-
sion of something that may have transpired be-
tween the President ami the Missouri Senators
tts the members of thj.s House do not ^o into ex-
ecutive session to confirm or rcjee.t nominations
for major generals. U'nny Agreement were made
betweenihe Pros,dent and Senator*, 1 have neve,
been so informed. B„t he says, " The.ie parties
after acr.rpiing; the concession, flew from then'
agreement under the dictation of holder a nd more
open enemies of the President and Ins Adminis-
tration. ' riiese parties" include the fouriad-
leals of this House Intra Missouri. Other col-
K'ag-ues rati speak and have spoken Ibrtl.emselves
bo far as I ,lm concerned, 1 pronounce the chaise
taljse. I iiave neve,-oonveised with the President
with regard to such an agreement; 1 have neve
written tohnno,, tbosubjert; 1 have never author-
ized any individual to use my name as app,ovin«
anything of the kind. Whenever 1 exposed my
o™ fr'^nRK on, , „ subject, ,t was ,n opposi.J
to Genet al Sell ofteld sconfn illation. My colleague
from the first district cannot prove from private
or public source the truth of his statement or the
falsity of mine.
Mr. fcLAIR, of Missouu. I will state to the
gentleman that I alluded to those p„so„s in ,|le
remarks winch I made who did ag.ee as 1'have
stated. I he gentleman has s^nne out nfhia way
to defend himself here when he was not impli-
cated in my statement.
Mr. McCLURG. I appeal to the House, or to
the four Missouri radicals. He charges most
falsely and basely upon the four Missouri radicals
infidelity to the President. He may not have in-
tended to refer tome, if that is his explanation. 1
do not know what he meant to say, but I know
what is the implication of the language used by
him.
He says "under the dictation of bolder en-
emies." I received no " dictations" except from
a sense of duty to loyalty and my State. And I do
not know where to turn to find a " bolder" man
than my colleague here on my right, one of the
four radicals, [General Loan,] unless it be to the
gentleman himsclffrom the firstdistrict,whose ef-
frontery, which is defined to be " boldness trans-
gressing the bounds of decorum," will entitle him
to that distinction. Such boldness is befittingly
inscribed upon the character of the colleague from
the first district, [Mr. Blair.] Such boldness well
becomes one who, with " renegade" indelibly
branded upon him, and so legibly that "he who
runs may read " it, can publicly denounce others
as renegades, (which he did on the 27th ultimo;)
well becomes one who, once professing and be-
lieved to be an honest supporter of Colonel Ben-
ton and of anti-slavery, now makes a retrograde
movement in favor of the enemy; well becomes
one who, having failed to make a successful de-
tour in favor of the enemy,then denounces his
former allies who continue to advance step by
step upon the pro-slavery foe; and, sir, such is
a lit personage to desert and denounce a personal
friend. I shall in few words therefore discharge
a duty which it is my pleasure to attempt, to my
colleague from the second district, [Mi. Blow,]
who in charged with having been a persecutor of
Colonel Benton, and pio-slavery to the backbone.
Tins charge is made against the four radicals.
As for myself, I can Say 1 never desired or at-
tempted to make a political record until this re-
bellion. I did not support Colonel Benton, but
no living being ever heard me utter one word in
favor of the institution of slavery in the secret
chamber, in the social circle, or in public debate.
Slaveholder as I have been and am, before the re-
bellion I have so far as I could whispered to known
friends my nveision to it, but with tens of thou-
sands of others wtw content to have no legal in-
tei ference where it existed. From the commence-
ment of the rebellion until now I have been a
known, avowed enemy to it, and will never rest
satisfied for vitality to remain in it where the flag
of my country waves. My colleague [Mr. Blair]
may take his own time, and, if lie can, produce
evidence to the rontiary.
Until this rebellion 1 do not know the senti-
ments of' my two other rwlirn] colleagues, [Mr.
L.0 vn and Mr. Bo yd.] But it is my good fortune
to know something of my friend from the second
district, [Mr. Blow.] 1 lis name is prominent
upon every pa^eof theFieesoil movement in Mis-
souri. For yeais he has been known as an abo-
litionist. Me was black above the knees when my
toes were supposed to have commenced turning.
_ In 1857, a resolution declaring emancipation
n^Missomi unjust and inexpedient was intro-
duced into the two Houses of the General Assem-
bly. Oil tins resolution it may be said the Free-
Rod parly ofMissouri was organized. Mr. Blow
in the Senate was one of five members who voted
against it. Senator -Brown, in the House, made
the same record. The country will not find among
the most ardent supporters of freedom two more
constant and more consistent men. Theirs has
been a record of progress. To-day they occupy
positions eminently due for services in the glori-
ous cause.
Why, the colleague from the first district [Mr.
Blair] well knows that the colleague from the
second district [Mr Blow] was nominated at the
first Democratic Ftcesoil convention ever held m
St. Louis, when he himself was nominated for
Congress and my colleague from the second dis-
trict [Mr. Blow] for the State Senate. lie [Mr.
Blair] well knows that my colleague from the
second district, [Mr. Blow,] at a time when men of
unwavering firmness were wanting, in the spring
of 18G], was a daily (.ounseloi of the noble Lyon,
and encouraged him in making the fiist blow at
treason in our State, the taking of Camp Jack-
son. He [Mr. Blair] well knows that his [Mr.
si mnnnw ,,m„* ^  :   _ • " i
those who have read my colleague's stHtpinprit if L1 i? ^ t —~ "" —~~ i.
the protest was not referred to as tlio m-otevt'nf i r V r- monPy went nul in various ways in aid
as tlio potest of II of the Government at that trying time, as freely
as the waters passed down the current of the Mis-
sissippi. He [Mr. Blair] well knows that in
St. Louis " Blow and Benevolence" mean one and
the same thing. He [Mr. Blair] has not forgot-
ten that his [Mr. Blow's] money was ever at his
command; that it was lavished upon the gentle-
man himself and his regiment. He has not for-
gotten that his colleague [Mr. Blow] and a few
'friends presented the flag of his regiment that
proudly waved at the taking of Camp Jackson.
Does he [Mr. Blair] not remember that the mag-
nificent regimental flag of his own [Mr. Blair's]
regiment was presented by his colleague, from his
own means, as an evidence of respect to bravery
and patriotism ? Can he [Mr. Blair] profess igno-
rance of the sympathy of his colleague [Mr. Blow]
for the cause of his country, when it cannot have
escaped his mind that when he addressed a letter
to his colleague and Mr. Filley, " that his men
needed shirts, shoes, and hats," the response of
his colleague [Mr. Blow] was a remittance of five
hundred flannel shirts, as a contribution to the
Government, for which he has never asked or ex-
pected payment from any source?
For the overflowing of benevolence, from the
fullness of his heart sympathizing with the brave
men and with the Government, it is the fit work
of one who has turned his back upon his prin-
ciples to attempt to tarnish the unstained charac-
ter of his friend by accusing him of a desire to
have the Government defend him iti a "lead-mine"
speculation. I venture this assertion: my col-
league [Mr. Blair] cannot obtain from General
Schofield an indorsement of the truth of his state-
ment in that connection. My colleague from the
second district forwarded a dispatch to destroy
the works at the mines to prevent the rebels from
working them, which dispatch did not reach its
destination in conscquence of the wires cut be-
tween St. Louis and Springfield; and the mines
(lid fall into rebel hands, and yielded the very
lead that has been sent to the hearts of your friends
and mine'. The loss wasabout one hundred thou-
sand dollars, and if his own dispatch had been
obeyed the loss would have been §150,000 more.
I he woi king of those mines for three years would
have yielded a fortune of §500,000. Still, 1 speak
not disparagingly of others when I say my col-
league [Mr. Blow] has been the most prodigal
citizen of St. Louis in contributing his means to
the support of the Government. To attempt to
blacken his character, therefore, is the fit work
of a renegade; as we were informed, " one rene-
gade is worse than ten Turks." It is the fit work
of one who could, in effect, call one of the purest
men of the nation, (Mr. Chase,) in his Library
Hall,St. Louis, speech,a " rowdy" and " black-
guard"and compare him to Jeff. Davis, and when
his purposes were then exposed, so that he could
never thereafter satisfy the public, to plainly in-
timate on this floor, of the same distinguished
personage, (Mr. Chase,) that he did not possess
the " instincts of a gentleman." It is proper for
him [Mr. Blair] to imply that the President is
content for him (Chase) to remain and disc-race
the nation, if thereby he will sink himself deeper
into contempt. As to the question of veracity
between these two colleagues [Mr. Blair and
Mr. Blow] with regard to the secret meeting in
fet. Louis for the removal of General Schofield, I
produce the evidence that my colleague from the
nrst district [Mr. Blajr] did participate in that
meeting, which unanimously passed the resolu-
tion which my colleague [Mr. Blow] referred to.
Ihe evidence is as follows:
p.",Ftlmn: Br,AI®'s, Honesty—We should suppose that
li.ink Blair would have lemained silent, if he had noth-
ing hut a. denial to micrpo^e to Mr. B]ovv'& excoriation re-
e.Uflmg Ins action m nvking ttjo lemuval of General Scho-
told III August, 180O. That Mi. Blow was laihtm chafing
lis gross inconsistency upon Frank Blnii, we are piepared
Sh/""0 empli.itic in,inner; and tn ihe I'.icu of
J,fi„H X' ,'h 'trl?mU Hielattei mu-t !,e<^,Pedii,uly mor-
tified thattheir champion lias made sue]) an e-jn^ioiis fool
ol hmisp l on the floor of Congress. The lecord m support
7 1S= e" !,mi -'t 0iincl.es his btntem'mt
on' jSlSr mdVlumMy.'6 'aiHi feCS U,C °'Uum01
"The congiessioiial dispatches, published by us yester-
<wy mornins , referring ftuhr House procfHihn^ on th 2:?d
set forth that All. Blow included hi* teply To TVIr JJiair'
Atcrr deuiilii)^ various points made by Mr. Blow in his
spoech, the icport f-uys :
He refpired to the Schofield matter, and clmnred that
while Frank Blair indorses and defends General Sehofkld
now, he and Ills friends had, in 1862, appointed llim, Blow,
chairman of a committee authorized to present the ihort-
