1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be presumed that there is some relation existing
between them which approximates to the legal
position of husband and wife. I have assumed
no other position. If these women and children
are the wives of your negro soldiers they are sup-
ported by the Government; if they are not, they
are supported by the Government. It does not
matter which ground you assume; if the negro
soldiers have wives and children, they are the
•women and children you arejsupporting, The
white soldiers have wives and children, and you
do not support them. You pay both classes of
soldiers the same, and yet you dare to say there
is no discumination, when the one supports his
wife and children and the other does not. I see,
however, that Mr. Mellen, the general superin-
tendent of contrah<inds on the Mississippi, as
Mr. Chase's agent, is trying to compel a system
of marriage among the negroes of his department.
I refer to his recent report. That report shows
not only the vast number of these negroes who
are now living on your bounty, the heavy out-
lays you are incurring, but the army of officials
in your employment, paid out of your Treas-
ury, to superintend the interests of the women
and children connected with the black soldieis
of your Army; and yet you say there is no dis-
crimination ! Whatever may be the relations
held by your negro soldiers to this great body
of half a million people which this Government
is now supporting,and which General Butlerand
others are so eager to increase, the result is ex-
actly the same. You are supporting them by
your bounty.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman will allow me to
say that what he now states is to some extent
tiue, A great majority of these women and chil-
dien, however, are not supported by ihe Govern-
ment, but by their own labou. It is only those
who have been disabled by the treatment they have
received in the service they were in before they
came within our lines who are supplied with
rations by the United States Government. They
are the exceptions and not the rule. It is only
those who have become disabled by the oppres-
sion they have undergone during their whole li\ es
that are to any extent supported by the Govern-
ment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman mean
that this new form of slavery which has been in-
augurated on the Mississippi river and the coast,
by which these ncgioes are placed under new
masters in the form of agents and lessees you
have placed over them, has had the ctfect of im-
pioving their condition—a foim ot servitude as
revolting as the system you would abolish?
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN And tlint by thatagencjr the
Government is able to provide for them? The
gentleman must have known of the appeal whicli
has come here in behalf of these negioes, who
ore being oppressed by their new masters. The
gentleman cannot be ignorant ot the tact, lie
must know as chairman of the Bureau of Freed-
inen's Affairs of the inauguration of this system
of leasing out plantations and of placing these
negioes under taskmasters; under masters who
have no interest m them or sympathy with them
except to obtain the benefit of their labor; and
that while doing this, without benefiting the ne-
gio, you rather increased than diminished the
bmdens upon the Government, by throwing con-
stantly 011 its hands for support numbers of such
aw were unable to perform labor on account of
the cruelty and injustice to which they had been
exposed. . .
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman is wrong in his
facts.
Mr. HOLMAN. Docs the gentleman deny the
fact? it was not many days ago, certainly not a
month, that benevolent gentlemen fieni the Mis-
sissippi valley came here for the purpose of get-
ting the Government to do something for these
unfortunate negroes whom your benevolence has
placed under the control of men who only seek to
aggrandize their fortunes by the unrequited toil
of the negroes placcd under their control.
Mr. ELIOT. I know very well that there has
been iniquity and injustice enough practiced upon
these people; but the gentleman is getting away
front the point in issue. I admit that injustice
has been practiced; but when the gentleman calls
upon me to say that there has been there a sys-
tem of slavery initiated and cairied on, I deny
it. But the point is, whatever has been the sys-
tem of labor, whether the Government has been
subjected to expense for the supportof these peo-
ple. I ask the gentleman if he can deny that
these people have, up to the present time, much
more than defrayed the expense of their support.
Sir, each one of them has more than repaid the
Government for the outlay which has been made.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman point to
some published record showing that the Govern-
ment have received back more than their outlay,
or any part of their outlay ?
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman will find, if he
will examine the statistics of the western country,
very much more has been received by the Gov-
ernment than has been expended upon the contra-
bands.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman point to
some public record that will show that fact? No
statistics have reached us showing one cent of re-
turn to the Treasury. The gentleman may say
that we 011 this side of the House have not the
same facilities for ascertaining all the statistics of
the Treasury Department that he has; and there-
fore I ask him to show some published record to
prove that any reimbursements have been made
of the vast sums we have expended.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask the gentleman if he has
read the report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have run over it.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman must have run
over it very hastily if he has not seen this official
statement.
Mr. HOLMAN. The House is familiar with
that report. I state this in general terms, and I
defy gentlemen to contradict it, that out of the
millions you have expended—1 do not say im-
properly or unnecessarily, at least not all Of it,
in the view of the policy you have inaugurated,
for justice and humanity still remain, whatever
may be the want of wisdom in your policy—out
of the millions you have already expended nota
single dollar has come back into the Treasury.
Excuse me if I say another thing, that with ref-
erence to the handful of colored soldiers you have
gathered together from the State of Massac.hu
setts—and it may be true as to the colored sol-
diers exported from my own State of Indiana
to Massachusetts'to be organized into regiments
to fill your quotas—that while their wives and
children are not provided for by the Government,
still in reference to the balance of the colored pop-
ulation brought into our lines by your policy, by
the encouragement and solicitude of Genetals
Banks and Butler, and other commanders, I ask
whether the great body of them are not now re-
ceiving their support at the hands of the Govern-
ment, without any pretense of any return. 1
speak of general rules and not of exceptions.
Mr. KELLEY. Does the gentleman know
that the Governmenthas furnished rations for the
families of any of the eight regiments of colored
soldiers recruited at Camp William fenn, at Phil-
adelphia?
Mr. HOLMAN. When I mentioned Mary-
land and Massachusetts 1 intended to embrace
such as were recruited 111 the States outside ot the
opeiations of the Army. They aie a mere hand-
ful of all our colored troops if the President is
right, that one hundred thousand or more of these
troops are in the service. The number drawn
fiom Massachusetts, Maryland, New York, and
Pennsylvania are a mere handful in comparison.
But I have not spoken in relerence to particu-
lar cases; I have referred to the immense body of
negroes you have gathered together in the ad-
vance of your armies, fiom which you collected
thegieat body of yourcoiored soldiers nowunder
the pay of the Government.
Mr. CLAY. With the permission of my friend
from Indiana, I wish to answer the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ei.iot,] because he
seems to be ignoiant upon the subject. 1 will
tell him that the agents of Massachusetts and
other States and of Ihe Government are not only
m the western States drumming up reciuits, but
they are going about robbing and plundering—I
may say stealing the property of my constitu-
ents, and yet he seems not to know it. I have
rettificates in my possession that troops of the
United States have gone to plantations, tile prop-
erty of my constituents and otheis, and have
swept away not only negroes, but stock, cotton,
and everything else they could lay their hands
upon of value, even household furniture and wear-
ing apparel; a portion of the negroes having been
put into the army,and the balance.of. them, WOr
men and children, gathered in fieltlaand .supported
at the expense of the Govemmei?t;of the United
States without any law for it. , Where.is the-law
for giving rations to these women ;and children ?
Yet gentlemen sit complacenfly in their seats and
geek to continue the appropriation for con traband s
not in Government employ, -which passed this
House a few days ago,,to legalize this robbery,
if you will allow me so to call it, because by the
laws of my State and others it is robbery, and
men found guilty of the offense are put into the
penitentiary or hung.
If gentlemen want to they can see these certifi-
cates, sworn to before a'magistrate. I hope now
that gentlemen will understand that such is,the
case—that agents are going about stealing and
robbing, and that the officials of the Government
are sanctioning it. Indeed,gentlemen here seem
to be justifying these things. Where is the law,
where is the authority to do these things? 1 f the
gentleman from Massachusetts will call on me,
and wishes to see them, I can show letters from
as good and responsible men as are in this House.
They state that these things have been transpir-
ing for months past. No wonder, then, that the
expenses of the Government have beenaccumur
lating, and thatthey now reach such l^rge figures*.
11 is because of these illegal ex pemlitures of money
out of the Treasury of the United States.
According to the report of the ad jutantgeneral
of Kentucky we have furnished fifty-seven thou-
sand men for the armies of t|i,e United States;
and while these brave men are fighting-the battles
of the Union, spilling their blood and leaving
their bones to bleach upon southern plains,, their
wives and children, whom they have left behind
them, arc plundered and robbed of their property
left for their support. It is as true as that I stand
upon this floor. I know it to be true. I hav$
suffered myself. I know it to be true, and 1 dare
gentlemen "to deny it. 1 can prove itin any court
ofjustice. I ask nothing for myself, but when the
laws of my State are violated and trampled under
foot I have the right to protest against it and djO
now offer my protest against it. . , • '
Mr, ELIOT. ■! undqrstop.d the gentleman.from
Kentucky [Mr.1 Clay] to make certain charges
against officers of the Government. 1 liave yet
to learn that any statement that officers under the
Government have been into his country stealing
negroes rests upon truth.
Mr, CLAY. 1 say it is.
Mr. HARRIS', of Maryland. And I too,
Mr. ELIO T. Then I should think the gentle-
man from Kentucky would find proper redress
m going to the Government.
Mr, CLAY. 1 have suffered in that way my-
self, and know the statement to be true.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. And so have I
suffered by Benjamin F. Butler. fLaugl)t$r.]
Mr. ELIOT.' I submitthat the gentleman from
Kentucky has made clean his breast of the griev-
ance he has suffered. That he has lost negroes,
may bo true; that any negroes have been stolon
by officers of the Government, i deny.
Mr. CLAY, One remaik more.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 cannot yield.
Mr. HARDING. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Massachusetts was speaking
with theconseutof the gentleman from ZCentucky.
The SPEAKER. The floor is in possession
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hoi.man,]
and he yielded it to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. ELIOT. All this is outside of the ques-
tion before the House, and I have nothing more
to say upon the matter except to thank th&.gen-
tleinan from Indiana for the opportunity he has
given me to interrupt him. Let us confine our-
selves to the point. All this is a diversion which
does not meet the question which the House is
called upon to settle.
Mr. HOLMAN. I differ with the gentleman
from Massachusetts as to this being foreign to the
question. 1 desire to ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts, as it is probably within his knowl-
edge, a question bearing upon the main question.
It is a well-known fact that more or less colored
men have been gathered together under arms in
this District and adjacent portionsof Virginia and
Maryland. I desire to know from the gentleman
