1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
mm
numerically stronger than the other, could restore
this IJoion and preserve our liberties by force of
arms. I, in the exercise of myjudgment, never,
from the beginning of these troubles to the present
time, have had any such faith. But because I
could not believe in the potency of the means
which the Senator chose to adopt for the restora-
tion of the Union, is that any evidence that I am
less patriotic than he? Is a difference in judg-
ment as to the means of restoring this Union to
be evidence of the loyalty-r-fteg pardon for using
the word—the patriotism of the one and the want
of patriotism of the other? I shall go into no
vindication of my votes or my record in this
body. I believe that the judgment,of a large
majority of the people of this country now, as I
know it was when these troubles commenced, is
in perfect accord with my own.
But, sir, 1 am surprised to hear the honorable
Senator talk about this war being a war for the
restoration of the Union. Whatever was its
original design, in view of the bill under consid-
eration, and another bill which we have been no-
tified is to come up for consideration on Friday
next,-can the Senator believe that those who are
.prosecuting this war—I mean those who have its
management—mean a restoration of the Union
and the preservation of the Constitution ? I have
no doubt there are hundreds and thousands of
Ijfien advocating this war, who are doing it for
the honest purpose, as they think, of restoring
the Union and preserving the Constitution; but,
$iiV looking at the acts of those intrusted with
the management of public affairs, the acts of this
Administration, does any man believe it? If so,
I ask how do you reconcile that with the fact
that when the gallant and noble State of Ken-
tucky, notwithstanding her local institutions,
notwithstanding her geographical position, and
the State of Maryland and the State of Delaware
and other States gcograph ical 1 y situated as they
were, came honestly to tell the Executive what
policy would conduce most to enable their peo-
ple to support with cordiality the war for the
maintenance of the Union, he turned a deaf ear
to. all their entreaties and set up his judgment
against that of those States?
Sir, he had a policy to pursue, and h£has pur-
sued it; and now this bill, as a means of restoring
the Union, I presume, is brought forward to es-
tablish a Freedmon's Bureau, to take the lands
o^wsy from the people whom you expect either to
reconcile or conquer, and divide them out among
tjxeir slaves whom you denominate freedmen; and
a, bill is on your table upon which I shall have
something to say when it shall come up, because
in its discussion will arise the great fundamental
principles ofgovernment—thegovernmentofwhat
was once the United States—which proposes to
reduce at least eleven of the past creators of the
Constitution and the Union to the condition of
Territories, excluding almost every white man
and white boy in them from any participation in
tjje government and handing the government of
these Territories, which are ultimately to be built
up into States, into the hands of the servile race
■who are to rule over the white race. AU this
-ig done to preserve the Constitution and to restore
-the Union! Sir, the bare suggestion awakens a
twin of thought and forces upon the mind A flood
of ideas the elaboration of which would take
days if not weeks, and I shall forbear from en-
tering into their further recital or discussion.
If the honorable Senator, by the policy which
he pursues, shall ultimately restore the Union
and preserve the Constitution—and I know of no
Union except that of which the Constitution is
the Jink, the tie, the bond—no person will rejoice
more than 1 shall. But, sir, against the measure
now before the Senate, and such kindred meas-
ures, there comes up, in my judgment, not only
the blood of a murdered Constitution, but there
comes up from the grave of every soldier wliohas
fallen in battle a solemn protest. They fought
and died, not for thf adoption of such measures
os this, not, in the language of the patriot Butler—
who telegiaphed only a few days ago that he had
the key to Richmond, and who seems to have
lost it—" to-tear down the old house and build up
a new one with all the modern improvements,"
but to sustain the old Union and the old Consti-
tution. Sir, I say thateven the blood of the fallen
brave cries from the ground against the policy
which the Senator is advocating and the adoption
of these measures.
Mr. President, I have been led to say thus
much from the personal allusions made by the
honorable Senator to the course which 1 have pur-
sued in this Senate. My term in this Senate is
brief. I have no ambition for a new lease of that
term. If I had I am very sure that the patriotic
measures which the honorable Senator's Execu-
tive has heretofore putin force, ami which he syill
try again to put in force, would preclude me from
so high an honor. Whatever shall be my polit-
ical fate in the future, I shall retire frona this Sen-
ate Chamber with the consciousness that, whether
mistaken in judgment or not, I have done the best
I could, according to the best of my knowledge,
faithfully and patriotically to serve ray country.
But before that brief term shall close, in the liglit
of the experience which will then be afforded,
perhaps the honorable Senator and myself will
nave another opportunity to contrast records and
policies and see which would have -been wisest-
from' the beginning to pursue.
In conclusion, sir, 1 will say thisi I had de-
spaired of the Republic; butfrom the indications
of the present, to which I before referred, that
there are a portion of the American people, even
of the dominant party, who are sick and tired at
heart of these arbitrary measures which the hon-
orable Senator denies to have ever been put in
execution, and from the fact that I believe the
free people of this,country mean in-the coming
presidential election to asserljtheir right? at the
polls in defiance of military interference,if such
should be invoked, I begin to have a dream ofhope
that the ship of State which his policy had wrecked
and stranded and almost caused to go to pieces
may yet be taken from the breakers, and may
again be placed upon the wave of prosperity and
happiness;and thatascommon brothers,ignoring
the insane policy of this Administration, and not
only ignoring it but reminding our children,and
our children's children forever of its utter folly,
we will safely cause it to ride triumphantly over
the tempestuous billows; that Peace, with her
heavenly wings, may be spread over the whole
of what was once a united and happy country;
and that, instead of the watchword " the Consti-
tution as it is and the Union as it was" beipg a
term of reproach and an evidence of disloyalty,
it may be held as the rallying cry of a happy
and united people; and that, gathering under that
same old flag of stars and stripes, and not of stars
and bars, they will again throughout the whole
land recelebrate an almost forgotten Fourth of
July.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, I must say,
in all kindness, I think I ought not to have with-
drawn the word of which the Senator from Del-
aware complained. From the emphatic manner
o-f his speech and style; perhaps I would not have
been much amiss if I said he " shouted " instead
of "howled;" but, sir, I wish to be courteous,
and avoid anything that looks like personal of-
fense even toward gentlemen from whom I so
widely differ.
But, sir, I ought to say a word in relation to
my State. Allusion has been made to the State
of New Jersey; and although 1 do not care about
piolonging this discussion in its personal aspects,
still I should be recreant to the State Ilove, that
1 regard with the tender emotions I do the mem-
ory of the mother who bore me on her bosom, if
I did not reply to a declaration of the.Senator in
relation to the character of my State. He says
" New Jersey was always in favor of peace;
that it was the sentiment of her people; and that
the Senator from New Jersey has disregarded her
well-known voice. Sir, I deny that that now is
or ever was the sentiment of her people. 1 admit
that owing to certain circumstances, about the
time of the commencement of this war or a little
before, certain persons got possession of seats in
the legislative councils of our State, and held the
maioiity on certain political questions; and they
did 1 do not know whether it was under the care
or teaching of the Senator from Delaware—pass
certain resolutions in favor of the Crittenden com-
promise so called, or Crittenden resolutions 1
do not refer to the resolution, also called the Cut-
tenden resolution, introduced,afterwards in the
Senate by Andrew Johnson, the present candi-
date for Vice President, and who, with Abraham
Lincolq, 1 believe oml-tnMrti wiU be elected $ tat
I mean the resolutions introd weed by the latp Ven-
erable Senator from Kentucky,one of which -wa#
designed to beat down the division line-bettyoen
free and slave eoiljand open the free Nor.th to thfe
slave power of the S<jutli. In my humble.eepn-
city as a Senator, without professing to haveremoii
firmness, and believing ivto be a. crime against
both Gotl and man, I- voted againSl that i;eso)ut,ta6.
I would have done it if an impending blowdettdly.
as a flash from heaven had fallen on my bnMw
very moment that I did iu . ■; .
Last year the Legislature of my State
took to pass a set of-resolutions in favor of a
peace. I belie-ve some of them wer« willing Co
send commissioners to meet others from the rcbel
States and desecrate the consecrated ground of
Independence Square by patching upa peace upoih
that sacred spot with traitors awl with- rebels;
but there were many worthy men in that Legisla-
ture who denounced and utterly abhorred the
thing; and the guilty authors of that deed have
most of them already heard th voiees«f an out-
raged people on the subject. ,
The Senator from Delaware says I have been
individually opposed to,peace and "it! favor ©f
blood—of a little more blood-letting." Sir, I was
not so much in favor of blood-letting I was -in
favor of maintaining the Constitution Bind the
laws. If it became necessary to mftintain that
Constitution and the taws to shed the- blood of
traitors, I.was ready for it-, and to carry on the
war until the last of them succumbed. That is
the way I stood; that is the way I stand to-day-,
and that is the way I mean to .stand, Ural, lust,
and all the time." .
But the Senator sayB it will be seen in the fu-
ture whether his policy would not have been the
best and wisest to pursue, and that the peopleof
the country will denounce the measures of this
Administration. Sir, 1 am not&fraid of that;, I
will accept that test. . ,
But, Mr. President, I will say, finally, without
reflecting upoir the Senator, that he has, uninten-
tionally I hope, slandered the character of the
dead when he says that t-he soldiers who have
fallen in battle, if they could speak, would send
a voice from the grave in favor of peace. Sir, it
is not 80. Establish a peace before obedience is
secured to the Constitution.and the la ws, and y ou
will not only do an act of , gross injustice to the
hosts who now are battling in the front, and from
whom we hear the shouts of victorfdny by day,
but also an act of gross injustice to the sacred
dead who have offered up their precious lives a
sacrifice to this principle. So far from voices of
denunciation coming from the grave in case you
do not establish peace upon the terms the Senator
from Delaware would have it, establish peace
by surrendering your rights, by acknowledging
secession,arid withoutinflictingpunishmentupon
criminals and rebels, and you will have a voice
of condemnation coming from the beds in hos-
pitals where on yesterday I shw our heroes ill
the cold embrace of death, others jn their last
gasp, and others suffering pain and agony with-
out a sigh or groa-n. Sir, establish peace-upon
the principles sought by the_ Senator from-Dela-
ware, and you would have, if such a thing, were
possible, the soldiers slain in battle, whose bodies
lie upon the road to Richmond, rising from their
graves, bursting the crust of clay now resting on
their bosoms, stalking.forth upon the earth, and",
with bony arms extended, denouncing fiercely a I
that class of men who madly-talfoabouta " peace
before this fierce rebellion is subdued.
Mr "SAULSBURY. I will simply say that if
the remaikslast made by the Senator afford any
gratification to him, as they contain nothing to
which I feel called upon to reply, I will alio whim
to have the last word.
Mr. CARLILE. I rose simply for the pur-
pose of calling the attention of Senators to the
fact that this is the middle of June. There is a
resolution upon the thble which has been adopted
bv the House of Representatives, the third one
of a similar kind, providing for the adjournment
of this body. The bill under consideration seems
to give rise to a latitude of discussion that would
be likely to occupy the attention of Congress, it
it is indulged in, for the rest of the year. 1 pre-
sume Senators are anxious to return to their
homes some time before the expiration of sum-
