THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
mer; arid for the purpose of testing that question
I shall before I sit down submit a motion, in
order that business.indispensable so far as'the
workings of this Government are concerned, may
be transacted within the period of time prescribed
inthe resolution of the House* for art adjourn-
ment. : ; . • ' : :
I think it was clearlyshown yesterday, by the
Senator from West Virginia, that the bill under
consideration is a bill which, if it should pass
and become a law, wit! have an effect that I can-
not for a moment believe was ever entertained
by its author.; I cannot suppose that a Senator
who has expended almost the entire of his pub-
lic liffe at least in an effort to liberate the African
would be the first in this body to introduce a
proposition to feenslave those whom he believes
hav6 been liberated by action to which he was
■somewhat at least a party. That that will be the
effect of the bill I think was clearly shown by
the Senator from West Virginia. If the title
Which he suggested yesterday should not be
■adopted by the Senate to the bill, if it should be-
come a law, I will suggest one which I think will
equally vMl define its character; and that is, " A
bill to take from the individual owners all Afri-
can slaves in the slaveh'olding States their right
of property therein, and transfer the same to the
United States." The bill evidently merely trans-
fers the ownership of these slaves; and if the sys-
tem proposed by it is carried out, with no interest
on the part of those who are to have the manage-
irrentand care of these people such as the owners
have now, it will perpetuate a much more bar-
barous system of slavery than the one which the
Senator desires to get rid of. ■ Instead of the
«lave belonging to an individual, and being the
slave of One man, he becomes the slave'of every
man in the community who is liable to be se-
lected by the head of this particular, bureau as
his overseer or superintendent.
I do not believe that such was the intention of
the author of this bill. In order, therefore, that
he may have time to prepare such a proposition
as will carry out his philanthropic views, I will
move to postpone the further consideration of this
bill until the first Monday in December next.
If that motion shall be agreed to, the time of the
Senate at this session will not be taken up in its
consideration, and we shall probably be enabled
in December next to dispose of it properly.
Mr. BUCKALEW. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. ituckulew, Uarlile, Davis, Grimes,
Hendriefts, Hicks, Johnson, Powell, lUchards=o , Riddle,
Sautsbiiry, Van Winkle, and Wllley—13.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, tirown, Clark, Conness,
Dixon, Doolittle, l'V*Buntleii, Foot, Hale, Harlan, llurris,
IIowe,%ane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, .Woigun, Moriill,
Xtamsuy, Sherman, SJumner, Ten liyek, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilson—SK!. '
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Collamer, Cowan, Fos-
ter, Hording, Henderson, Howard, jVIcDougail, Nesmith,
Poirieroy, Sprague, Wilkinson, and Wright—13.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
returns on the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware.
Mr. HICKS. Mr. President, I feel somewhat
embarrassed by my condition. I only desire to
make a remark or two; but I must ask the per-
mission of the Senate, if they will indulge me so
far, to be allowed to keep my seat. My con-
dition is such that I cannot rise.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
undoubtedly will.
Mr. HiCKS. Mr. President, it does seem to
me as if we are consuming time very unneces-
sarily in the discussion of this and othersubjects.
Senators on both sides of me have taken their
ground; but in ail that has been said and done, it
seems to me as if we should accomplish very little
upon the subject, the all-engrossing subject with
some members of the Senate. I confess that I am as
tired of the slavery question at this particular junc-
ture of lime as can be-any Senator on this floor; and
yet there are Senators liere who, it appears to mo,
think about nothing else. If those Senators, able
and efficient as they are, would bend their ener-
gies to the putting down of this rebellion, then
with that will go slavery, just as certain, in my
opinion, as night follows day. And yet, sir, sub- I
jects entirely calculated, at least, to defeat the
main object—the putting down this rebellion and
restoring the Union—are attended to particularly
by some Senators.
- Sir, if they desire to be the champions of the
anti-slavery party, if they desire to be the bell-
wethers of the party of freedom, in Heaven's name
let th(?m proclaim it, and I am perfectly willing to
concede them that position; but I protest against
this consumption of the time of our constituents,
hour after hour and day after day, in the present-
ation of this subject of slavery, a subject that must
fall with this rebellion, which I trust will speedily
fall. I cannot see why Senators on this floor
should waste so much time or lead to the waste
of so much, in discussing a subject which it is
clear, to my mind at least, will end with the re-
bellion. Why not let well enough alone ? Why
throw in the subject of slavery again ? While
many here opposed, at least to me, in my views in
regard to the condition of the country,and to what
•has brought this state of things upon the country,
are trying to cover up the main fact, I have ne.ver
lost sight of it, and I think no sensible man ever
should lose sight of it: I mean the fact of the
South breaking down by the unholy efforts they
have been making.
They talk about " the Union as it was and the
Constitution as it is." In God's name, must not
every Senator understand perfectly that these
people in the South have disregarded the Consti-
tution; that they themselves* have broached the
subject; that whe|j, they had the power to con-
tinue things as they were, they left their seats in
this Seriate Chamberand in the Hall of the House
of Representatives, went home, and commenced
to ftght? But, sir, there is nothing more clear
when you come to talk about slavery. I never
had but one opinion in regard to that. The poor
creatures that we are wasting so much time over
here are to be the principal sufferers. But, sir,
it m.ust come; and I say let it come, and the ear-
lier it cornea the better. I have been all my life
since manhood a slaveholder. 1 have some slaves
at home now acting as free people, for I pay them
just as I do the free people who work for me.
But, sir, as I before remarked, the thing is work-
ing well. Why not let it work? We have a
convention m session in my State now that will
probably in a few days—1 learned so yesterday
from a leading delegate to that convention—pass
an act of emancipation. I have .always desired
that Maryland should emancipate her own slaves.
I believe many of the other borderStates will fol-
low. Then whethpr the southern States now in
rebellion do so or not, they will be compelled to
do so, and slavery must perish. Why any Sen-
ator here, or any one outside of this Chamber,
should think fora moment of perpetuatirigslavery
at the expense of this Government, I confess, is
a thing that t cannot comprehend. I never have
understood it. Sir, ifl owned all the slaves south
of Mason and Dixon's line, I would give them
up cheerfully to-morrow rather than see this Gov-
ernment fall. I hove no objection, but on the
conttary am in favor ofa freedman's commission.
My sympathies have been very much wrought
up in regard to these poor creatures. They have
had no participation in what lias brought this
trouble on the country; they have had nothing to
do with it; we have acted for them.
But, sir, my object in addressing the Senate
was to say a few words in regard to the effort that
is being made here to press this thing faster than
time will allow it to come. Under the circum-
stances, can it be possible that gentlemen will in-
terpose difficulties and throw barriers in the way
of putting down this rebellion, a tiling that every
lover of the Union and every loverof the country
must desire more than anything else ? Why not
bend our entire energies to the one point, the
breaking down of this rebellion? Our brethren
arc falling in arms by the thousands; thousands
more are cominghome wounded and maimed,and
will remain so to the end of their lives, many of
them unable to take care of themselves or to earn
their daily bread by the sweat of their brow.
When they are making such sacrifices, I cannot,
as I before remarked, understand why it is that
gentlemen will throw difficulties in the way—for
1 consider every^ing of that sort a difficulty in
the way—of the main thing, the putting down of
this rebellion.
Allusion has been made to the coming presi-
dential election and to the present Administration.
Sir, I was as much opposed to' the election of
Abraham Lincoln as any man here. I will go
for lum now, ifl live to see the next election, in
preference to any man in this country. I believe
he has accomplished more to save the border
States than perhaps any other man in the country
could have done similarly situated. Iwasnotof
Mr. Lincoln's party. I did not vote for Mr. Lin-
coln. I voted for Bell and Everett, and wasanx-
iousthatthey should be elected; but, as Iremarked
on a former occnsion, I believe it was a godsend
that Abraham Lincoln was elected to the Presi-
dency of the country. I love the Union, gentle-
men, more than I do everything else, and 1 de-
sire to see the Union restored, and the Govern-
ment of the United States to the latest moment of
my life and the lives of those who may come after
me preserved intact.
I have been so situated lately as not to be able
to participate in the active duties of the Senate,
and while absent lost a good deal of the run of the
business of the-Senate; but, sir, I confess my
utter surprise at seeing gentlemen here, intelli-
gent gentlemen and efficient statesmen, battling
over mere matters of moonshine, things that no
one need think of interfering with at this particu-
lar juncture. Put down the rebellion; that ia
what I desire to see above everything else; and
then, though a slaveholder, I desire slavery to go
just as quickly as possible. I would rather see
this Government perpetuated with freedom pro-
claimed to all classes than to see those who have
been slaves returned to slavery again. The peo-
ple are becoming prepared for this by degrees.
They are preparing themselves for it. 1 know
that in my own State eighteen months ago no
patience would have been manifested toward a
man who would talk about the emancipation of
slaves in Maryland. We have now a decided
vote in favor of emancipation. Our people desire
it, and the quicker it is done the better it will be
for the State, and the quicker slavery is out of the
country the quicker we shall have a restoration
of this Union, and then we can start again upon
a well-established Government, one that I hope
will continue for the duration of time.
1 regret that I have been compelled at this late
hour in the day to make a single remark on this
subject, but I felt it my duty to do so. It seems
to me all this discussion is entirely out of place.
I want the gentlemen who are such sticklers for
emancipation and so exceedingly eager to press
forward and put themselves at the head of the
anti-slavery party, to let this subject rest until the
proper time comes; when, without any trouble
to them or to any one else, slavery will just as
certainly be gone, as 1 before remarket!, as night
follows day. Sir, I shall not detain the Senate
longer.
Mr. CONNESS. I willnot undertalceto make
any speech. I only rise to express my desire
that a vote shall be taken, and that we shall dis-
pose of this measure to-day. A majority of the
committee on slavery and freedmen, to whom it
was referred, reported in favor of the bill now
before the Senate. They gave it a great deal of
attention. They believed it was the best form of
measure that could be produced on that subject.
They'believed it necessary to the country at this
time to give legality to what was being done
perhaps illegally, or by mere acts of Adminis-
tration. But, sir, let us come to a vote first on
this amendment, then upon the bill reported by
the Senator from Massachusetts from the com-
mittee as a substitute for the House bill, and then
to a vote upon the House bill, and dispose of it m
some manner. Wecando it in a very short time.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment ofMr.SAULsBURV, resulted—yeas
8, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Carlile, Davis, Hendricks,
Powell, Richardson, Kiddle, and Saulsbury—8.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Rrown, Clark, Conncss,
Dixun, Doolittle, Fes&enden, Foot, Fuster, Grimes, Hale,
Harlan, Harris. Hick's, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana,
Morgan, Moirill, Poineroy, Itamscy, Sherman, Sumner,
Ten liyck, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, and
Wilson—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Coijamer, Cowan, Hard-
ing, Henderson, Howard, Lane of Kan-sas, McDougail,
Nesmilh,Sprague, Wilkinson, and Wright—12.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
