1020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
Professor of Bug-ology, [laughter,] or why any
new schemes of an experimental character, and I
may add of an expensive character, should be in-
troduced to add to the necessarily great burdens
to which this country is subjected by reason of
the war which is being waged for the preservation
of the Government and the Union. And while,
Sir, m times of peace and prosperity I would go
as far as any gentleman on this floor could ask me
to go, in appropriations for this Department,which
has always been a favorite Department with this
House and the Government, I believe the present
lime calls upon us most imperatively to retrench
all unnecessary expenditures.
Sir, I do not know an agricultural constituency
represented upon this floor which would fin^d fault
with its Representative here for insisting upon
this measure of economy in the present crisis of
our national affairs. Those districts have noth-
ing to gain by extravagant appropriations for
this purpose; because every dollar of lavish or
unnecessary expenditure which is made here they
are to be taxed to make good at a time when the
public taxation is by reason of our national ne-
cessity as great as it is atthe pieseut time. Un-
der these circumstances 1 say there is no constit-
uency, whether agricultural or otherwise, which
would find fault with us for insisting upon a rea-
sonable economy in this Department in common
with ail the other Departments of the Govern-
ment.
At a time when the people of this country arc
obliged to resort to personal economy in order to
meet the constant drafts which the Government
is making upon them in the way of taxation; .at
a time when we are looking in every possible
quarter to raise the revenue required to carry
on the war, winch is the great necessity for the
revenue necessary to sustain the armies of the
Government, and which is necessary in order to
achieve victories by those armies which is neces-
sary to maintain the very life of the Government; 1
say when a great impending necessity requires
every man in these'States to exercise an extraor-
dinut y economy in order to meet the demands
winch arc daily made upon linn in order (hat the
integuty of the country may be preserved and
the dignity and authoiity of the Government may
be maintained—i say at such a time as this I mn
opposed to any additional and unnecessaty ap-
propriations, whether in the Agricultural or any
other Department.
1 do not see why, in a time like this, when so
much economy as is admitted on all sides is ie-
quued, when the Government itself is obliged to
resot t to < v« i y available means to lai-'o unmey to
pay the soldieis and to drfray the in cvssary ex-
penses of the war, an additional burden should
be placed upon the people m the way of an ad-
ditional appropriation to this or any other De-
partment. 1 am therefore in favor of cutting down
this appiopnation to the lowest possible point.
If 1 do not vote for a retrenchment in these ex-
penditures beyond what has heretofore been made,
1 certainly will not vote for an addition to those
expenses beyond what it has been the custom
hitherto to impose.
I do not believe, the people of this country look
to their Representatives upon this iloor for appro-
priations nominally m their favor which can only
result in increased taxation upon them, i believe
we shall best meet the views of our constituents,
whether those constituents be agricultural or oth-
erwise, by economy in the administration of pub-
lic iiflaus, by cutting down every appiopnation,
by cm tailing every ex pond itme in connect ion with
the civil branches of the Government, in order
that the whole energy of the Government and the
whole resources of the people may be devoted to
the great cause which now absorbs the interests
and the welfare of the country, namely, the pres-
ervation of the Government itself. For these rea-
sons 1 shall support the substitute which has been
offered by the gentleman from Vermont.
Mr. BROWN, oi Wisconsin. Mr. Chairman,
I am happy to hear anything that sounds like a
disposition to economize coming from the other
side of the House, and 1 assure gentlemen there
are claims before this 1 louse thyt will ea.ll for the
application of that principle—claims \\ Inch are to
squander millions of the money of the people. I
am, however, sorry, sir, that almost the first
speech in favor of economy that has been made
from that quarter should be applied to an appro-
priation for the benefit of agriculture. The com-
mercial results for the last few years have shown
that it is the agricultural interests of the country
which have sustained us in prosecuting this war,
which have supplied the material for exchange,
and which have kept up our credit. For one I will
join hands with gentlemen in anything thatlooks
like economy, real economy; but I cannot join
with them in this instance in saving afew paltry
thousand dollars which are to be devoted to the
encouragement of the agricultural interest, and
which constitute the only encouragement the agri-
cultural interests can receive from Congress. I
cannot join with gentlemen in any such move-
ment. 1 hope, so far as these items are concerned,
while we shall expend no unnecessary sum, Con-
gress will recognize the fact that the vast agricul-
tural interests of the country receive only these
few thousand dollars,and that the resultsof these
experiments arc not only of great advantage to
them, but of great indirect advantage to the Treas-
ury of the country itself. 1 hope there will be no
spirit applied to this bill which will induce the cut-
ting off of a single item which, considered in itself,
may be meritorious.
Mr. THAYER. Thegentleman from Wiscon-
sin has raised an issue with me. He will never
find in me, I will not say an enemy, but one who
will never be found cool toward the agricultural
interest of the country. There is no man here
who docs not recognize it as the great predomi-
nating interest ofthc country. Although the gen-
tleman undertakes to champion it on this floor, I
will tell him that he does not surpass in his zeal
for that interest any other member of this House.
Everybody recognizes the importance of the
agricultural interest, but that is not the question
before the House, and it is by no ruse, no ad cap-
tmulum speeches on the subject of the magnitude
of the agricultural interest that the views I have
presented to the House are to be answered. We
do not piopose to attack theagncultuial interest;
what we propose is simply such a retrenchment
in the expenses of the Department of Agriculture
at the pie.sent time as will save the Government
the sum of $60,000. They are the few paltry
thousands of dollars to which the gentleman re-
ferred. They are thousands which will to that
extent relieve the taxpayers among the gentle-
man's constituents. They are thousands which
will do much toward equipment and supplies for
troops, it is a sum of money which if saved will
be well applied to carrying on the war, and will
to that extent relieve those who have to pay the
emumous taxes that the war has entailed upon
the country.
I do not undeiHtand that the amendment of the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrili.] makes
any attack upon this great interest. His prop-
osition,as I understand it, is to take from the bill
before the 1 louse a considerable number of items
the omission of which will in nowise disastrously
all'ect that interest. They are items which it occurs
to my judgment can be weil dispensed with at
the present time. There is nota farmer from the
Penobscot to the Mississippi who will feel the
dropping of any one of the items thegentleman
ft did Vermont proposes to drop. There is no one
who will be injured by that t etrenehmenf, and so
much money will be saved to the Treasury. It
is an economy which wo are bound in the present
exigency of our alfairs to exercise. I will vote
for the amendment.
M r. CLA Y. 1 cannot, for my Tife, understand
the action of gentlemen upon my right. They
get up and profess to be gieat fiiends of agricul-
ture and of the farmer, and yet whenever wo come
to a vote in this House, we iind those same gen-
tlemen arrayed against the agricultural interest.
My friend from Vermont [Mr. Morrii.l] theolhcr
day spoke and voted against giving to the Agri-
cultural Department a few additional rooms to
occupy; rooms which gentlemen, by going there,
may see filled up with old chans and tables ami
furniture entirely out of use, and belonging to the
Govei nment. Still these gentlemen voted to keep
them in that condition and refused to give them
to the Agricultural Department, and yet at the
same time they professed to be great friends of
agriculture, if that is a specimen of the gentle-
man's friendship for agriculture, I shall in the
future very much doubt his sincerity,
Now, what is the proposition before the com-
mittee? To cut off nearly all this appropriation
for the Agricultural Department, to derange the
whole system, and to make one man fill two or
three offices—to have, as the gentleman says, the
linguist and clerk both combined in one man.
How can he perform his duties, having two or
three different kinds of business thrown upon him?
Although gentlemen may be disposed to econo-
mize, as I am, yet 1 think they begin at the wrong
place. We are discussing here, from day to day,
at a very heavy expense to the country, subjects
upon which no legislative action is proposed to
be based—mere political matters in which one gen-
tleman tries to get the advantage of his colleague
in his position at home. -Here is where gentle-
men had better commence to economize. If gen-
tlemen do not want an Agricultural Department,
and are disposed to cripple it in every way, they
had better abolish it at once. If they want such
a Department, let it be respectable; let it be in
accordance with the pride and standing of a great
nation like this. When gentlemen want to raise
taxes, the very first thing done in this House is
to strike at the farmers; and the agricultural inter-
est of the farmer is taxed to raise revenue. I have
never yet heard a farmer grumble at these appro-
priations made for his benefit.
Mr. THAYER. I desire simply to say to the
gentleman that the present bill increases the ap-
propriation over what it was last year $05,700;
and what I understand the gentleman from Ver-
mont proposes, is to cut down the appropriation
to the figures of last year. He does notintead
to reduce it below that amount.
Mr. CLAY. I understand the appropriation
of last year did not meet the expenses of the De-
partment.
Mr. THAYER. They were not as great as
the appropriations in this bill by $65,700.
Mr. CLAY. Ycs,butif 1 understand the mat-
ter, we have had to make up a deficiency m a sup-
plemental hill.
Mr. STEVENS. Last year we were only grad-
ually proceeding. We made a little larger ex-
penditure than the year before, and we made up
the deficiency this year. The Department, find-
ing great advantage from their course last year,
propose to enlarge somewhat more their opera-
tions for the benefit of the country, and 1 think
moie for their benefit than all else that has been
done, or will be done, by this Congress.
M r. CLAY. I will state to the gentleman a fact
which occurred in my State. Congress took it
in hand to encourage the agricultural interest,and
a few farmers m our countiy desired to improve
their slock of cattle, and took steps accordingly.
The result has been that the average value of the
cattle in those counties into which the importa-
tions were made was twenty-three dollars a head,
while in the other counties the valuation of cattle
was only $2 50 a head; so gentlemen can see the
cfTrct of encouraging agricultural interests. Where
farmers have had assistance in carrying on their
operations, the taxable property has increased in
proportion. It raises the'wealth of the whole
country.
But now, sir, we are creating bureaus and add-
ing to these Departments for all sorts of purposes.
l'\>r instance, here is this " Freedmcn's Bureau,"
for which you have been appropriating money
and taxing us, for the purpose of collecting per-
sons in large camps withoutdoingany good what-
ever to the country, and whoare producing noth-
ing, and keeping them m idleness; taking them
from then homes and putting them m large camps
and paying large salaries to men to superintend
them, when it can be of no benefit under heaven
to the country or to those persons themselves.
Instead of reducing these appropriations, in my
judgment they ought to be enlarged. The other
day we had to ask for an additional appropria-
tion to publish the agricultural report of this De-
partment. You go to the expense of getting up
the book, and when the information is accumu-
lated, you then refuse to distribute the knowledge
acquired to the people, but let it lie in the Depart-
ment. That does not seem to me to be wise or
judicious legislation.
Sir, u is much easier for the Government,
which has agents in all parts of the civilized world,
to collect seeds and plants and bring them to this
country so that we can ascertain what is suitable
