THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
that. h« -must observe the rules of the Senate, and
not interrupt the Senator upon the floor.
Mr. GRlM ES. Who are not to be sent; to the
Senate for confirmation, wlioare to.receiveacom-
peustUiou of-i|2,O0Oa year, $500. more. than we
pnytheageots of our various Indian tribes, and
who are to take possession of all,the abandoned
real estate and all real estate that is liable to sale
or confiscation, or to which a elaifij, wf Mite by the
United States has already been set up, or that
jriay.beset up, and to take all personal property;
arid what are they to, do with it ? They are to
authorize it.to be c.ujtivated and to lease it oat;
and how is it to be.cuitivated f This section pro-
vides: •
Or in case no proper lessees can be found, then to cause
. the same to be cultivated or occupied by the freedmen, on
%«eh t£n«?, Ift either case, ftnd under such regulations as
tire Commissioner may determined*
H is to cultivated by the freedmen on such
terrrtein either case, and under such regulations
as the Comrrfis^iorier may determine', not upon
term^Ks tho'fte freedmen may determine.
Mr-. SUMNER, t beg the Senator's pardon.
Read the next clause aria ydcr will see.
Mr. GRIMES. If tire Senator will keep quiet
i thitfk I will do hinft justice and his bill too.
Mr. SUMHER. Very well; fexcuse me.
Mr. GRIMES. It is to be "cultivated or oc-
cupied by the freednltfft on such terms in either
case'—that i^, whether it is rented out or whether
it is cultivated and occupied by the freedmen—
on such' terms and under such regulations a& the
Comrirftesiofter mfay'determine." What does that
mean ? Suppose it stops right there—I will read
the proviso presently; Thattlv&se corrirftisaiOners
fcfray deterftVme £he rrranner and the feims upon
which these freedifien shall be permitted to culti-
vate these abanddried br other plantations. But
there is this proviso, Which, in the estimation of
the Senator, ffclps the matter a great deal:
JPfovidtid, That fio frewhtian shall be held to service
upon any estate.
JVlark the language: " Held to service"—the
very language that is used where you undertake
fo convey the power to hold in bondage, either
for a limited or for an unlimited period of time.
That no freedmnn shall be held to service on any estate
rtbwe mentfofted, otherwise than according to voiu'ntaiy
contract reduced to writing and certified by the Assistant
Commissioner or,local superintendent, nor shall any such
contract be for a longer period than twelve months.
Now, Mr. President, that is neither more nor
less rn my honest conviction—I do not say that
tha^wds'the intention of the chairman of the com-
mittee, rror of the committee; I know it was not?
I know that'they did not design any such thing
—but in ray opinion it is nothing more nor loss
than peon.etiavery. It confers the right to hold
this man for twelve months as a slave.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If he agrees to it.
Mr". GRIMES. That is true; but what is go-
ir*£ to be the condition of these men down there,
without anything to eat, without anything to
drink, without anything Co wear, entirely under
the control of these Commissioners, men who can-
not eitherread or write? They will have to agree
to it. Wfc have' not even the assurance of hon-
esty on the part of these Commissioners that
would be afforded by their being sent to the Sen-
ate and being confirmed by us, so that we may
know who they are.
The sixth section of the bill con tains this clause:
Thatthgy shall take carc that the freedmen do not suffer
from ill-ueatment or any failure of contract on the part of
others, and that on their part they perforin their duty in the
premises.
Mr. SUMNER. " Their duty under any con-
tract entered into by them." That is the lan-
guage.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not know that anything
had been inserted there. "And that on their part
they perform their duty." How are these Com-
missioners to see that these colored men perform
their duty? Are they free men, or are they not?
If they are free men, why not let them stand as
free men, and let the men who have claims against
them for the performance of duty enforce them as
they do claims against other people? Why do
you confer upon these Commissioners and deputy
Commissioners the unlimited power to see to it
that these colored men perform what, in the esti-
mation of these Commissioners and deputy Com-
missioners, may be their duty? How are ydu
golfigito enforce it? By stripes and lashes ? Yes,
sir; here is the way they are to enforce it. The
third section provides:
• That the military commander within any department
shall* on the application of the Assistant Commissioner
thereof, supply ail needful military suppoitin the discharge
of the duties of such Assistant Commissioner, unless there
are controlling military reasons for witfthoidfng the same.
These Assistant Commissioners are to see to it
thai these colored men perform their contracts;
and they are authorized by the third section of
the bill to call to their "aid, in order to compel the
performance of their obligations, the military
force that "may be within theirdepartment. And
yet we are told that this bill is designed for the
benefit of freedmen!
The eighth section reads ►
Mr. BROWN. The Senator from Iowa lays
a great deal of stress upon the word " freed man."
I will inquire of the Senator how much less is a
man, free who has his "contracts enforced by a
military authority than one who has them en-
forced by civjl authority?
Mr. GRIMES. It has been suggested to me
to ask in reply to the Senator 
Mr. BROYVN. Answer my question before
asking another.
Mr. G&lMES. Well, Mr. President, it is
enough for me to know that there is no corre-
sponding obligation here on the part of anybody
to call the military authority to the aid of the
colored man if his rights are infringed. This
Commissioner may profess to enter into such a
contract just as he pleases; he is dealing with
men who can neither read nor write; who do not
understand their rights nor their obligations in
a great many respects; I mean a large portion of
them. He enters into a contract nominally in
the name of these colored men, and he is allowed
to enforce that obligation, whatever it may be,
by the military authority within the department.
Mr. SUMNER. The object was to guard
against rebel incursions.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no doubt the object
was admirable. I know that the Senator wants
to meet the very purposes that I want to meet, to
protect these colored men. I am not talkingabout
the intentions tl\at he had in view, or the com-
mittee of which he is the organ. I am talking
about the bill which I am asked to vote for, and
which I am constrained to vote against,and I am
assigning the reasons why 1 do so; because I
suppose I shall be compelled to differ with a great
many friends with whom I ordinarily act in this
Chamber.
Mr. HENDRICKS. With the permission of
the Senator from Iowa, I wish to suggest an an-
swer to the question asked by the Senator from
Missouri. It is a pointed question, and when I
read this bill the very question that he suggested
suggested itself to my mind. There is this differ-
ence: if a free white man of the North makes a
contract to serve another for a year, he has a
right to make such a contract; but in his person
he is not enforced to remain in that servitude
during the year; if he fails to remain the entire
year he answers in the civil courts in damages.
By this provision, however, the slave is required
to remain the year, and if he fails to do that duty
it is the business of the superintendent or over-
seer to call in the military force and make him
serve in person for the year. There is the differ-
ence. He owns him personally for the year.
Mr. GRIMES, It is a matter of small conse-
quence, because, I apprehend, there will not be
very large receipts from this measure, but the
eighth section provides—
That the Commissioner shall apply the proceeds arising-
from leases in the several departments to pay the salaries
and oilier expenses under this act, so that the bureau
herein established may become, at an early day, self-sup-
porting ; and any proceeds over and above ihe annual ex-
pense thereof shall be paid into the Treasury of the United
States.
Mr. President, it will be observed that there
are no bonds, no checks, no efficient responsibil-
ity in connection with this matter. All the sal-
aries of these men are to be paid through this
bureau. There is nobody to audit the accounts
of these officers under this bill. But the idea is
held out that this bureau is to be self-supporting.
If the bill should pass, as it may pass, I hope it
will be; but such would not be the prediction that
I should make in regard to the self-sustaining
character of this bill.
Mr. President, the men whom this bill will
put under more than the guardianship of these
Commissioners and deputy Commissioners, and,
as I think, under the temporary servitudeof these
men, are the same class of men upon whom,
three or four weeks ago, a portion of the mem-
bers of this Senate were attempting to bestow
the elective franchise. I submit that there was
a very great mistake then, or there is a very
great mistake now when we undertake to pnt
under the control of general superintendents the
unlimited superintendence of these Commission-
ers all the colored men who may be within these
respective departments, and authorize the Com-
missioners to enforce with the military power the
alleged contracts which this unfortunate and de-
spised class of people may be said to have en-
tered into. There either was a great mistake
then' or else we are making u very great mistake
now in passing this bill.
Mr. President, I desire to unite with the ma-
jority.of this Senate in passing some bill that
will relieve this unfortunate class of human be-
ings. I think fhey demand our sympathies, our
protection, and our support. I am ready to con-
tribute of my substance and of the substance of the
people whom I represent here as liberally as any
Senator upon this floor; but i am unwilling to
record my vote in favor of the passage of this
substitute. I think that it is violative of some
of the fundamental principles of the institutions
of this country; it would violate my own con-
victions of duty and Of right; and I therefore
cannot support it.
Mr. SUMNER. I am sorry to be obliged to
say another word in this debate. I had hoped to
be excused. But the remarks of the Senator from
Iowa leave me no alternative,
I am not astonished at the opposition which
this bill has encountered from Senators over the
way. It is their vocation to oppose every such
measure, and to give it, if possible, a bad name.
They believe in slavery, more or less, and will
not do anything -to remove it or to mitigate its
terrible curse. There is the Senator from West
Virginia, who gives us smooth words about sla-
very, with boasts of the slaves he has emanci-
pated, and then straightway, by voice and vote,
sustains slave-hunting, and, if possible worse still,
startles the Senate by a menace that slaves set free
by act of Congress Will be reenslaved by States
again restored to the Union. That this Senator
should attack a bill for a Bureau of Freedmen is
perfectly natural; nor am I astonished that he
should misrepresent its character. But 1 cannot
conceal my surprise at the course of the Senator
from Iowa, who J know has no love for slavery,
and no congenital, persistent, and rooted prejudices
against justice to the Colored race. If the Senator
from West Virginia' spoke naturally, allow me to
say that my friend from Iowa did not speak natu-
rally.
Sir, the Senator has not done justice to the bill
which he undertook to criticise. It was evident
that he spoke hastily, without having even read
the bill. At least this is not an improper assump-
tion when we consider some of hiscriticisms. It
will be remembered how promptly I corrected him
when he was picturing the Assistant Commission-
ers as so Utterly without restraint that they were
not even obliged to make reports. I read the
clause in the bill expressly requiring not only
"quarterly reports" but " other special reports
from time to time." The Senator, surprised by
this provision, replied that it was at the close of
the bill and was evidently an afterthought. This
again was a mistake. Had he read the bill care-
fully he would have found that whatever maybe
its merits in other respects everything is intro-
duced in its proper place, and this provision is no
exception. The Senator then complained that the
Assistant Commissioner was not obliged to give
a bond. Here again he was mistaken. By an
amendment moved by myself this was required.
All this was a part of the attempt of the Senator
to show that the bureau had not been planned
with sufficient care. Suffice it to say that there
is no bureau of the Government constituted with
more care or surrounded with more safeguards
against abuse. Much in the last resort must be.
confided to the honesty of public servants, but in
the present case they are all placed under the ob-
servation of their superiors: superintendents will
be observed by the Assistant Commissioner; the
latter will be observed by the Commissioner; and
