1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOSE
all will be under the observation of the Secretary
of the Treasury, who himself is under the obser-
vation of the President; and I need not add that
tlie whole will be subject to the oversight of a
humane and enlightened people, awakening daily
to a sense of obligation which cannot be post-
poned.
1 am not wrong, then, when I say that the Sena-
tor did injustice to the bill in his criticism on its
structure and the machinery which itestablishes.
But this was the smallest part of his injustice. He
went further, and, folio wing the Senator from West
Virginia, asserted that it gave the Commissioner
unlimited power and control over the freedmen,
so as to hand them over to slavery under another
name. I looked at the Senator to see if he were
really serious as he made this strange accusation
againsta measure conceived in a sentimentofhu-
manity and equity, and, by positive provisions,
guarding freedmen against the very outrage which
the Senator professes to fear. He seemed to be
serious, as he repeated the accusation. But as
he had erred with regard to the restraints upon
the Assistant Commissioners, so he erred in the
graver impeachment which he launched.
. The Senator began this impeachment by saying
that the bill, according to its definition of freed-
men, was applicable to all who were "once
slaves," and that even Robert Small, the patriot
slave wiio navigated the Planter out of Charleston
and gave it to us, would come under its provisions.
Very well. Suppose he does. Can he suffer
from it? Does he lose anythingby it? Canany-
body under this bill exercise any power or con-
trol over Robert Small? The Senator forgets that
the bill assumes that all are free, and in every
respect entitled to all.the privileges of freemen; that
they are invested with every right which the Sen-
ator himself possesses, and, if these rights are vio-
lated, they may look for a remedy to any court of
justice precisely as he could. None of these rights
are infringed by the present bill. On the contrary,
the officers under it are charged to see that the
fieed men are secure in their rights, so that Robert
Small himself, if the occasion required, might find
aid and protection under it. The bill gives no
power to take away or limit existing rights; but
it provides additional means for their defense, that
emancipation may be perfect, so tar as possible.
I do not like to take time, especially when I
consider that in opening this matter to the Senate
I explained the character of the bill and its neces-
sity. I do not pretend that it is perfect; but I beg
to assure the Senate that it is the result of the
careful deliberations of the committee. If Sen-
ators are disposed to criticise it, or to offer amend-
ments with a view to its improvement, let them
do so. But I trust that they will not allow them-
selves to be carried into a general hostility to the
measure, founded on a misconception of its real
character. I might remind them again of the
large numbeis of freedmen—free, thank God! by
the legislative and executive acts of the United
States—but not yet introduced into the new con-
dition appointed for them—unemployed,suffering,
starving, and, with a voice of agony, calling foi
assistance. I might remind them of the inability
of private charity, or any effort organized by pri-
vate individuals, to meet all the exigencies of this
unprecedented case,although thegenerosity ofour
people is ovei flowing. And I might dwell on the
obligation of the nation, reaching every where with
its hundred arms, to do what any interior char-
ity must fail to do; and I might especially show
that it was not enough to strike down the slave-
master, but that you must go further, and lift up
the slave. But 1 forbear. I content myself now
with reminding you that if you oppose legisla-
tion to help the freedmen in their rough passage
from slavery to freedom, you hand over this un-
happy people—unhappy for long generations, and
not yet conducted into the full enjoyment of free-
dom—to a condition which I dread to contem-
plate. They look aboutand find no home. They
seek occupation, but it is not within their reach.
They ask for protection, sometimes against their
foiniur taskmasters and sometimes against other
selfish men. If these are not supplied in some way
by the Government I .know not where to look
for them Surely, sir, you will nothesitate in this
good work You will not hesitate to provide, sofar
as you can, carefully and wisely, the proper means
to secure employment for these freedmen duiing
the transition from one condition to another,and,
above all, to throw over them every where the ajgig
of Constitution and law. And such, permit me
to say, was the single object of the present bill,
which has been so cordially misrepresented by
the Senator from West Virginia and so unjustly
misrepresented by my friend from Iowa.
1 have said that the object was care and pro-
tection for persons actually free and so regarded,
who, from the peculiarity of their condition,
might not be able in all respects to secure these
without assistance. To this end a central agency
is proposed at Washington, with subordinate
agencies where the freedmen are to be found, de-
voted to this work of watching over emancipa-
tion, so that it may be surrounded with a con-
genial atmosphere. Is not the object worthy of
support? Who will question it?
The language of the bill describing the func-
tions of the Commissioner is plain and explicit;
and yet out of this language, so guarded, and so
utterly inoffensive, the Senator from Iowa has
conjured a phantom to frighten the Senate from
its propriety. Why, sir, if there were anything
which, by any possibility, could justify the fears
of the Senator, if there were anything which even
the most lively imagination could exaggerateinto
anything but care and protection, then I should
be the first to denounce it, and to ask forgiveness
for an unconscious aberration. B^it there is ab-
solutely nothing; and if you will listen to the
words of the bill you will agree with me.
I begin with the very words which to the Sen-
ator from Iowa were so alarming:
The Comjnissioner, under the direction of the- Secre-
tary of the Treasury, shall have the general superintend-
ence of all freedmen throughout Uie several departments.
Here are duties imposed upon the Commis-
sioner; but there is no power or control over the
freedmen. Calling a man superintendent gives
him no power, except in conformity with the
laws; but here all the laws, general and special,
are for freedom. And yet the Senator has re-
peated again and again that here was a grant of
unlimited power and control -over the freedmen.
To his mind here was an overflowing fountain of
tyianny and wrong.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator tell the Sen-
ate what is meant by it?
Mr. SUMNER. With great pleasure; and if
I can have the candid attention of my friend, I
believe that he and I cannot differ about it, for I
will not doubt that we have the same objects at
heart. Obviously the language in question indi-
cates in a general way the character of the duties
to be performed. They are duties of superintend-
ence; but we are to look elsewhere to see the ex-
tent of these duties; and the words which follow
in the same section show something of their na-
ture. Thus:
And it shall be his duty«espeeia]ly to watch over the ex-
ecution of all Ia.ws, proclamations} «*nd nniitftry orders of
emancipation, or in any way concerning Ireedmen.
There, sir, is the fust glimpse of the duties of
this tyrant. Mark, sir, there is not one word of
power or control over the freedmen, but duties
solemnly imposed, all in be half of freedom. What
next?
And generally, bv careful regulations, In the spirit of the
Constitution, to protect these persons i" the enjoyment oj
their rights, to promote their welfare, and to secure to them
and their posterity the blessings of liberty.
Here again are the duties of the Commissioner;
but there Ts not one word which confers power or
control over the freedmen. The main object is pro-
tection in the enjoyment of their rights, inborn
but new-found. This is to be crowned by-such
watchfulness as will promote their welfare and se-
cure to them and their posterity the blessmgs_o
liberty; and all this is to beaccording to careful
regulations." To find tyranny in this provision
the Senator must be as critical as the Germaifctheo-
lcian who found a heresy in the Lord s I rayer.
I do not go to the dictionary for the meaning of
superintendent. This is needless. Ouviously,
the superintendent must superintend according
to law; and since this is now tor freedom,
whatever he does must be for freedom likewise,
lie can do nothing without this inspiration.
There is a superintendent of emigrants; but no-
body supposes that he can do anything with le-
vari! to emigrants except in conformity with law.
; The mayor ofWashington is, in a certain sense,a
superintendent of the Senator and myself, as we
walk the-streetsorliedown at night m our houses,
I to see that we are protected from .outrage and rob-
bery. And th& Vice President -at" the Prssid'ent
of the Senate is a superintendent of this Cham-
ber, to see that the rules of parliamentary lariv'are
observed. But the Senator would not thiijk of
attributing to either of these functionaries tKat
" unlimited power and control" which be dreaded
in the superintendent of freedmen. And'yet;it,:
exists in one case just «is.m'ueh as in the otfier.
I think, sir, th.at after this explanation* them
cati be no difficulty in answering the inquiry of;
the Senator. By superintendence' of' all freed-
men is meant that watchfulness of their rights,
and interests, consistent with laws ajneraf and
special, for their protection, welfare, and liberty,
so that they may be helped; to employment' and
be guarded against outrage. The object ia good.
What other word would the Senator employ to,
designate it? How would he describe the hu-
mane function of the Commissioner ? He is versed,
in language. 'Will he supply any term more apt?
I invite him to do it, and shall gladly accept it.,
Since we seem to concur in the object proposed,
let there be no difference on account of words.'
All that I desire is something which shall suppljr.
help and protection. For this I cheerfully sacri-
fice all the rest. And there is no single word in
the bill from beginning to end which can give the
most remote apology for any other idea. * ^
But I have thus far only glanced" at a single ,
section. Look further. I skip for themornentthB
next section, and go to the sixth, which describes
some of the duties of the "Assistant Commis-
sioners and local superintendents." It begins,
by declaring that they
Shall act as adtisory guardians to aid the freediTien 1".
the adjustment of their wages, or, where they have rented-
plantations or small holdings, in the application of tlieir
labor.
Mark, if you please, the friendly service.to be--
performed. Not in this way do tyrants or elavc-
mastcrs act. Here is advice, guardianship, and
the adjustment of wages—all inconsistent, with
slavery in any of its pretensions. What next?
That they shall take care that the freedmen do not suf-
fer from ill-treatment or any failure of contract on the part
of others, and that on their part they perform tliejr duty
under any contract entered into by them.
Mark again the friendly service required. Hera
is another duty cast upon these officers.
Mr. GRIMES. How is that to be enforced?
Suppose they will not work—will not fulfill their
contracts?
Mr. SUMNER. The duty of these,officers is.
"advisory." They are notinvested with powertp
enforce any provisions, unless by a court of law or
some other tribunal. The freedmen,are entitled,
to all the rights of freemen, just as,much as the
Senator. Curiously the Senator does not.seem,
to have purged his mind of the idea that these
men, in some way or other, have not yet ceased,
to be slaves—[Mr. Grimes. No.]—anassumption,
which,however natural in the Senator from West
Virginia, is not natural in my friend from Iowa.
But let him recognize them as free, like himself,
and he will see that there is no remedy open to
him which will not be open to them, and that any:-
outrage upon them will, in point of lawj be tha-
same as if inflicted upon himself.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask the Senator if
there are courts of law in existence in these rebel.
States before whom the parties may appear.
Mr. SUMNER. I am afraid that courts, of
justice in those States are not yetin perfect oper-.
ation. . , o
Mr. GRIMES. Then 1 want to ask the Sen-r-
at Mr. SUMNER'. The next words of the section
show'what shall be done by these officers to pro-
mote the administration of justice. Thus:
They shall further do what they can as arbitrators to reo
oneile and settle any differences in which freedmen may
be involved, whether amung themselves or between them-
selves ami other persons.
Here is the duty of arbitrator and peacemaker',
but no power or control. And this duty is appli* -
cable to differences of all kinds where the freed-
men are parties. Nothing can be more humane
or less tyrannical. But this is not all.
In case such differences .are, carried before, any
eivll or military, they shall appear as next ftimilb ol tne
freed men so I ifr as to see that the case is fairly stated a. l
heard. And in all sueli proceedings there slialj be no dis-
ability or exclusion on account of color.
If not "arbitrators," then the officers are to ba
« next friends" to aid the freedmen m any litiga-
tion into-which they may-be-drawn. Very little
