1022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
I wanted to take n vote upon the amendments to
this item of the bill, and then rise and adjourn.
I do not know whether anybody else wishes to
talk, and will not therefore make the motion now;
but if the debate is continued I will make it as
soon as I can catch the eye of the Chairman again.
1 will say before I sit down that if the argu-
ments of gentlemen are sound, on the same piin-
ciple we had better stop eating, because it costs
twice as much as it did last year; we had better
buy no more of that whisky which has had an
additional tax laid upon it, [laughter;] we had
better stop turkeys and ducks, because they cost
one half more than they did a year ago. If we
are to cut down the agricultural appropriations
because of the increased cost of everything, and
especially of foreign exchange, we may just as
well apply the same principle to everything else.
I am opposed to these amendments. I prefer
to vote for the bill just as it is. I would have been
content with the amendments of the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson,] if with that we could
have gone 011 harmoniously; but I think we had
better, under the circumstances, retain the bill in
its present shape.
Mr. MORIULL. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa by inserting
after the word "chemist" the words " tempora-
rily employed," and to reduce the appropriation
from $9,000 to $7,500. I think that will leave a
sufficient amount to employ a chemist for such
portion of the year as one will he required.
Mr. Morrill's amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. ICasson's amend-
ment; and there were, on a division—ayes 35, noes
31; no quorum voting.
Mr. COX moved that the committee rise.
The motion was ugieed to.
So the committee ro.se; and the Spcakoi having
resumed the chair, Mr. Norton reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had tin* Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House hill No. 192, making appropriations for
th.i legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
18G5, and had come to no lesolution thereon.
JOHN DICKSON.
Mr. COHH, from tin; Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that (hey had examined and found
truly enrolled a bill of the following title; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act(ll. It. No. for the benefit of John
Dickson, of Illinois.
And then, on motion of Mi. COKFROTH,
(at a quarter to five o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SI2NATK.
Thursday, March 10, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. "Dr. Si'ntdkrland.
The Journal of yesterday was loud and approved.
TNTmoNS AND M1JMOIUALS.
Mr. SUMNKR presented a memorial of nlan-
ufactuiers of Low< II, jMasbaehiiscifN, remonstra-
ting against the further extension of Groodyeai's
patent for the manufacture of vuleanized india-
rubber goods; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Vatent OHicc.
Mr. WILSON presented two petitions of wo-
men of Cortlandt county, New V ork, praying for
the emancipation of all persons of African descent
held to service or labor in the U mted States; which
were referred to the select committee on slavery
and free dmen.*
Mr. W! LICINSON presented a memorial of
the Legislature nf Minnesota, m favor of an ap-
propriation fat a geological survey nf the mineral
lands on the north shoie of Lake Supei ior, within
the limits of that State; which was referied to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORGAN presented two memorials of
citizens of New York, praying for an increase m
the fat limes for the tianspurtation of the mails,
passengers, and freight between New Yoik and
Philadf Iphia; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. TEN EYCiv ptesented a memorial of cit-
izens of Monmoit! h county.Nejv Jersey, praying
for an increase in the facilities for the transporta-
tion of mails, passengers, and freight between
New York and Philadelphia; which was referred
to~the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of Thom-
as Maddox, praying for compensation for prop-
erty alleged to have been taken from him by Uni-
ted States soldiers, and for medical attendance
and board for sick and wounded officers of the
United States Army, in Washington county, Ma-
ryland, during the military campaign in that State
in 1863; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of police-
men of the city and county of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, praying for an increase of com-
pensation; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying foi the sale of
the mineral lands of the Rocky mountain country,
and that liberal aid may be granted for the con-
struction of the Northern and Cenfial Pacific
railroads; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, That the pennon and other papers of Captain
J. W. Davidson, on Hie files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Military AtFaiis and the Miiiua.
ItEPOUTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, fiom the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom the subject was 'relet red,
reported a bill (S. No. 159) to aid the proclama-
tion of emancipation issued by the President on
the 1st day of January, 1863; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
one thousand copies of the Census report for the
use 'of the Secretary of the Interior, and one thou-
sand copies for the use of the Censusoliice, have
msiinoted me to report n back and recommend
its passage; and also to nsk for Us piesent con-
sideration.
The resolution was eonsideied and agreed to;
as follows:
Ilctolrfd, That in Addition to the numbei ordered for the
use of t lie Senate < { Uie so vet at part* of the eighth census
there he punted ami hound one thousand copies tor the
us<> ol 1 he Seei etiii j nl ilie I r11 erioi, ami one thousand cop-
ies for the u>e ol the < Vnstis olbee.
POST AG K LAWS.
Mr. DIXON. The Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, who were instructed by a reso-
lution of the Senate of the 0(ith of lA'bi tun y to in-
quire whether any legislation is n< eessarv with
legard to postage upon letters sent to the Presi-
dent and Vice President of the United .States, have
instructed me to report a hill (S. No. 158) in ad-
dition to an aet to amend the laws relating !° the
Post Office Department, approved March 3, 1863;
and to ask that it be put upon its passage.
There beinu; no objection, the bill was i ead three
times, and parsed. It provides that the franking
privilege of the President ami Vice President of
the United States shall extend to and cover all
mail matter sent from or directed to either of them.
OUARhFS P. CURTIS, JR.
Mr. DIXON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agieed to:
IiCbotwd, Thai the repoi! made to Cou^te-is Janu.iry 20,
1N5 J, in the ease <>i nhai|e> l'. Cm tis, jt , rs The United
State-, \v itli tins accompanying paper be k n-iied ba«. 1c (<>
the Coin i of Oann.-.
AMENDMENT OF PACIFIC RAILROAD DILL.
Mr. LANK, ofKantv.is, submitted the follow-
ing lesolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agieed to:
Ilc-olvcd, That the Committee on the Pacific Railroad be
m-ttuefed to eon-uiei the subject of amendniu the {'acme
railroad hiii as follows: I. Making Topek.i the we-teni
h'iuitiu.- of the \telu-oa brain it of s-.iid load. 0 Aiding
the company oiituni/ed under lire mrthoi t«\ ol the State oi
Kan-as ni cxtciulniL' the Hannibal and St. Joseph imlroad
we-rwaid through Kan-a^to intellect the Pacific road af a
point direct I j wo-i of Maiy-wille, in Kan.-as 3. Aiding the
eon-u action of a railroad fioin Wyandotte through the casf-
ot it tie) ofcuuuti<'s of the Shite of Kansas to intellect the
Leavenwoith, Lawrence, ami <;.tlve-t<m Bay load Where
said last-mentioned road crones the Neosho uvei.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move that the res-
olution be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
OFFICERS OF INDIAN REGIMENTS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be Instructed to re-
port to the Senate the names of the officers of the fourth and
fifth Indian regiments who actually performed duty under
their appointments as officers of said regiments; die kind of
service performed by them, and the length of time they were
actually employed, and the distances from their homes to
the place ol service. *
HENRY P. BLANCHARD.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to take up a
little bill which will take only a few minutes. Itis
Senate bill No. 53, for the relief of Henry P. Blan-
chard, reported from the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will al-
low the gold bill to be first disposed of.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not think this bill can take
more than three or four minutes. There is a short
report accompanying it, which can be read if any
Senator desires it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 53) for the relief of Henry P.Blan-
chard. It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to Ilenry P. Hlauchard, for his services as
marshal at the port of Canton, in China, from
Februaiy 22, 1858, to July 1, 1860, the sum of
$2,354 24.
Mr. GRIMES. Let the report be read.
The Secretary read the following report:
Tin; Committee on Foreign Relation®, to whom was re-
ferred the petition ol Henry P. Blanchurd, praying for com-
pensation for seiviees porlonned as marshal foi the consu-
lar conn of Canton, have had the same under consideration,
and report:
That alter consideration of the case, the committee have
adopted a report on this case, made by Mr. Sumner m be-
hall of the committee, February 18, 1863, which has been
acted upon in the Senate.
That, the mornonalist was duly appointed and served as
United State* mai-hal tor the consular court at Canton, in
Cluna, established under the aet of August 11, 1848, as is
shown by the following copy of a lettei on file in the De-
partment oi State:
United Btatrs Consulate,
Canton, November'HQ, I860.
Sir: At the request of Mr. IJ.P. Blanchaid, desirlngme
lo indnm the Dep.ntinent nt the peuod during which lie
pet lor med the dune* of United States mai-hal .it this, port,
i have to state that ftlr. ISIanehard cnteied upon tire duties
of United States maishal at tin* port on the 23d day ot Feb-
inary, 1>W, and continued to peiform I he duties appei tam-
nig io said otUee up to the 3lJth day of August, 1860, the day
on which Ins .successor, Mi. F. II. Haskell, was appointed,
and whose appointment was approved by Mi. Ward, the
Uniled States minister to China.
Kespectiuily, I have the honorto be, sir, yom most obe-
dK-ntservant,
OMVTCU II. PERRY,
United States Consul.
lion. Lnvis ("ass, Secretary of State.
Tin' memotialist states that he accepted the appointment
as ni.ushal for iheeonsul.n couit under the belief that a
eompeu-ation ol ,01.000 pet annum would lie paid him lor
Ills services. These embraced the pciple:\iiig and difficult
dunes ol quelling and settling trouble* on shipboard with
muriiiou-i cifvv-, airesting muaway seamen, adjusting
elaimso! Chinese loi damages culler ed 1>\ (hem :tt iho hand*
oi ditmken Amoican sailois, and pioei"inng the release of
kidn.rpp'-d eo<dn*s, who were about hems taken from Wham-
po.i in Am>'ri'-an vessels en«aircd nt tliat inhuman traffic.
Foi tilcse and other sejvice-, Mr. Bhnicbatd stat<'- that he
has never leceived any lemunenuion, " either from the
United Stale-: consul oi from ices eolleeted, orm any other
manner, or fiom any somce whatever   That th'">c ser-
vices weie Jaithiull\ petfoiined is shown bv the following
let let:
Buur v.r or Kqi'ipmlnt and Or,ouii.no.
\\rASiiiN<'cTO.N, D. C., Aror?>nLer J 7, 1
Ilcnrv P. Rlanchntd. Hsq., was peifotminir the duties of
Cnih d Males m<u siial ol Clinton and Wham po.i while I was
in command oi ih<- Urni. d Status ^lup Po't-monilt m Cinna,
and tlie.^e sravici-h \\ eic eiTcf-rua'h- pet formed.
A^ Mi. lil.incli.ud lias not been able toobt.tin his pavlor
these set \ k-'-s rendeied, ? nu-t th.rt his claim may now le-
cei\e due attention, and he obtain the usual ur allowed
compensation. A. II. FOOTK,
Rear  l<hair<d United States Xacy.
It appears,by a letrej liom the Depaitmentof State,that
when thc^act ot lb4S was paf-^ed. ii v\ a.> sU|jpo>ed that lire
olhceis of eotnular eoutt-- would be remuneiatLd by tee^-,
and that a subsequent act. by which tire salaries of ihe mai -
shals ot these eoui ts was fi\e<i at ^'l ,0( ), in addition to icea,
did not so into etloet until July 1, I860.
The chum of the memoiialist fiom the 1st of July, 1860,
l<> the close of Ins term of seivice on the 30th of August,
1S6U, has been paid by a special appropriation made bv Con-
gress, that pottion oi' his official dunes having been' lcgal-
| lzed by the aet ol June 92, 1800. He now asks temimera-
• tion foi his services fiom Febiuary 20,1848. to July 1, I860,
