THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
tyranny here. And this servicers to be rendered in
any .tribunal, "civil or military,"so that wheretiie
civil courts are closed the freedmen may obtain
justice in any military tribunal. But whether in
a cjyil or. military tribunal, there is to be no dis-
ability or exclusion on account of color. When
we consider how this disability, and exclusion
hav^/been the badge of. slavery .and .its preten-
sions, we may find in their positive prohibition
a new token of the spirit in. which this bill has
been conceiyed, .Very little tyranny here.
..Mr. GRIMES.- But, Mr. President, the case
that was. put bjr me was not where there was a
controversy,between the colored man and some
third pa'rty,but where theCommissionerattemp ted
to enforce.theobligation.of duty upon the colored
irian. .What I wanted t<? know was how the Com-
missioner was going to exercise this duty enjoined
upon him in the sixth section, in these words:
"and that on their part," that is, on the part of
the freedmen," they perform theirduty." -Now,
this Senator admits that the law requires and en-
joins the obligation on the part of the Commis-
sioner to see that these colored men perform their
duty. They have not got any courts in those
States; the Senator admits that. They cannot
enforce them in a court of law. The colored man
has not got any property, and you cannot compel
a specific performance of personal labor. Now,
I want to know of the Senator if a Commissioner
who undertakes to carry out the provisions of this
bill may not, under the third section, avail him-
self of themilitary authority that may be in the
department to enforce obedience; and if he thinks
it would be doing justice to the colored men in
the department to leave them to the military con-
trol of the Commissioner, of whom we know noth-
ing, and about whom we do not know whether
he sympathizes with the colored man or not. Is
it right to leave these colored men to the military
control of this Commissioner in order to enforce
the obligation to labor?
Mr. SCJMNEH. The Senator now calls atten-
tion to another section, where it is provided that
" the military commander within any department
shall, on the application of the AssistantCommis-
sioner thereof, supply all needful military support
in the discharge of the duties of such Commis-
sioner;" and he inquires if thisdoes notauthorize
the Assistant Commissioner to use military power
in making the freedmen work. Let me say at once
that the criticism of the Senator 011 this point is
absolutely novel. If the clause to which he refers
could be employed to any such purpose, I beg to
assure him it was not anticipated by the commit-
tee. The clause was intended for a very different
purpose—in the interest of the freedmen. And
here again let me remind the Senator that nothing
can be done by trtiy officer, military or civil, to-
ward a freed man which cannot be done toward
any other citizen. If this military power can be
used against one it can be equally used against
the other. The occasion for this power seemed
to be obvious. It was supposed that in the rebel
States there might be exposed districts where the
plantations would be subject, perhaps, to incur-
sion or ravage from the enemy, by which the la-
bor there would be disturbed unless military pro-
tection were at hand, or that there might be cases
where the control of the plantationawould be pre-
vented or interrupted; It was to remedy this evil
that this provision was introduced. Such was the
object sought to be accomplished. It wasprotec-
tion in the spirit of the whole bill, and nothing
else. If by any possibility there can be any chance
of any abuse of this power beyond what is inci-
dent to every trust, I shall be very glad to take
advantage of the criticism of the Senator and
amend the bill so that the evil which he snuffs afar
shall not be permitted to arrive.
The Senator cannot bear the thought of our
freedmen exposed to the tyranny of military
power. But does he not forget that at this mo-
ment they are subject to this tyranny? ' It is to
remove them from this arbitrary control and un-
certain protection that we now establish a bureau,
which shall be an agency of the civil power,
charged to surround the freedmen with every
safeguard which the Constitution and laws can
supply. Show me any provision in one or the
other for the protection of human rights, and I
claim it at once for the freedman against any op-
pressor, whatever may be his office or name.
Let the Senator bear these things in mind, and
give us the advantage of his counsels. I shall
welcome from him any suggestion, any proposi-
tion, any criticism calculated to promote the ob-
ject of the bill. The more he makes the better.
Let him be no niggard. But I trust he will par-
don me if I complain of a hasty assault, which, as
it seems to me, can have no other effect than to
injure the cause itself.
But I have not done with the criticism of the
Senator. It was on the fifth section, concerning
labor on abandoned plantations, that he bent
his whole force. I11 the provisibns of that sec-
tion he found a new system of slavery; some-
times it was slavery outright, and sometimes it
was peon slavery. Senators who did me the
honor of listening to my remarks at the begin-
ning of this debate will remember how I dwelt
upon the importance of guarding against any re-
vival of slavery under any other name, whether
of apprenticeship or adscription to the soil; and
they may remember, perhaps, how I explained
the impossibility of any such occurrence under
the present bill, and showed that the freedman
was guarded at all points. And yet, in the face
of this exposition and of the positive text—better
than any exposition—the cry has been sounded
that the liberty of the freedman is in danger. The
Senator read this section over at length, and then
repeated again particular clauses and phrases,
striving to interpret them for slavery. I will not
read it at length; nor will I dwell on the first part
of the section. Suffice it to say that, so far as it
describes the lands which are to be taken foroccu-
pation, it follows substantially the text of the order
from the War Department, by which "all houses,
tenements, lands, and plantations, except such as
may be required for military purposes, which have
been or may be deserted and abandoned by in-
surgents within the lines of military occupation,"
are placed under the supervision and control of
the supervising special agents of the Treasury
Department. Under 1 his order the Secretary of the
Treasury has been acting for more than a year;
doing with regard to these lands precisely what the
Senator so vehemently condemns.* The present
bill, so far as concerns the power of the Com-
missioner over the lands, has done little more
than icduce the older of the War Department to
the text of a statute, thus giving to it a certain
legality which it does not now possess.
But passing from the lands which are to be oc-
cupied under the bill, the Senator next pictures
the terrible fate of the freedmen laboringon these
lands in pursuance of careful contracts. There
seemed to be no limit to the Senator's anxiety
lest they should be bound in slavery. I welcome
his generous anxiety. But 1 pray that he will
not allow it to mislead his judgment or prevent
him from seeing the case in its true character.
Surely he must have been iniduly excited, or he
could not have found danger in these words:
In ease no proper lessees can be fouml, then to cause
the same to be cultivated or occupied by the fieedmen, on
sueh terms, in either case, and under such regulations, as
the Commissioner may determine,
"What a frightful power!" exclaimed the
Senator. But why? Here is no power or con-
trol over the freedmen, but simply over the
lands, which the officers are to cause to be culti-
vated or occupied. These officers are the rep-
resentatives <jf the Government of the United
States, to which these lands belong for the time
being, and, in determining the terms and regula-
tions under which they are to be cultivated or
occupied, they do no more than is done by the
Senator with regard to the lands which he is so
happy as to own. The Senator determines the
terms and regulations under which his lands shall
beleasedorcuitivated;does he not? And he would
be surprised if any person called in question his
rights in this regard ; especially would he be sur-
prised if any person undertook to infer that the
freedom of laborers upon his lands could be com-
promised by any terms or regulations which he
might choose to adopt. But there is no power
which he might exercise over his own lands that
may not now be exercised by the Government.
In each case, the laborer must be treated as a
freeman. The Senator seems to imagine that
there is a power or control over the freedman,
which is conferred by these words. Here is the
mistake of the Senator. The power and control
are overthe lands, notover the freedmen. • There
is not a word in the clause which can be tortured
into any such idea. I challenge the Senator to
point it out.
Thus far I have considered this clause, which
according to the Senator is so terribly pregnant,
without alluding to the express limitation which
follows in the same section. Even without this
limitation it is clear and blameless. But the com-
mittee, in order to make assurance doubly sure,
and to set,upan absolute impediment against any
abuse, have added the following proviso:
Provided, That no freedmen shall be held to service in
any State above-mentioned otherwise than according to
voluntary contract reduced to writing, and certified by the.
Assistant Commissioner or local superintendent; nor shall
any such contract be for a longer period than twelve
months.
And yet in the face of this proviso the Senatoi
sees danger. Nobody can be found on this land
except in pursuance ofvoluntary contract, which
must be reduced to writing and certified by an
officer of the Government. Nor is this all. The
contract is not to be for a term beyond twelve
months; so that, by no excuse, and by no exer-
cise of power, can the freedman be-put even un-
der a shadow of control beyond this brief term.
He is in all respects a freeman, laboring 011 land
according to careful contract for a limited period.
And'yet the Senator calls this beneficentarrange-
mentslavery, and then, changing the name, peon-
age. Sir, the Senator has an imperfectconception
of that peonage which is indefinite service,-or that
slavery which is service for endless generations,
if lie undertakes to liken an employment in pur-
suance of contract most carefully guarded for a
term of a few months to eitherof these conditions.
But all this is only a part of the mistake in
which the Senator has proceeded from beginning
to end. I am at a loss to account for it. I do
not understand it. That 1 regret it most sincerely
I need not say. T counted upon his good will
with regard to this bill. 1 felt sure of his sym-
pathies with regard to its general objects. 1 do
not renounce the hope of these sympathies now.
But I cannot forbear saying that, to my mind, the
Senator has thrown himself in the way of a hu-
mane undertaking, and has practically abandoned
the claims of that oppressed race to which heand
1 both owe service. Long have they suffered;
much have they been abused; wearily have they
journeyed through life; and now at last, when
slavery is overturned, and we seek to piovide a
passage from its torments to n better condition,
where labor shall be quickened and protected by
jiberty, and where all rights shall be respected,
it is haid to find our efforts arrested by a cross-
wind from such an unexpected quarter.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, the purpose,
as I said when I addressed the Senate before,
which the Senator desires to secure, is one that
commends itself to my heart. I want to do ex-
actly what he wants to accomplish. It is a hu-
mane purpose; but I thmk most conscientiously
that he is not attaining that object by the passage
of the bill which he seeks to have us pass; and
hence, acting according to the convictions of my
own heart, 1 am compelled to vote against the pas-
sage of the bill.
The Senator says I have proceeded upon a
wrong supposition, that I, in common with the
Senator from West'Virginia, seem to entertain
the notion that these men are not freemen. It is
because I do entertain the opinion that they are
freemen, and because I am anxious that they shall
forever remain freemen, that 1 oppose the passage
of this bill. Why, Mr. President, according to
my conviction, the only way-to treat these men
is to treat them as freemen. You have got to give
them alms, you have got to exercise acts of hu-
manity and friendship to them forawhile. They
will be jostled as we-are all being jostled through
this life, but in a little while they will settle down
into the position thatPiovidence has designed that
they shall occupy under the new condition of
affairs in this country. It is not by any such
processes as are attempted to be enacted into a
law by the passage of tins bill that you are going
to really alleviate the wants and difficulties under
which these people now suffer.
Mr. President, the Senator started out with a
declaration that I was altogther mistaken as to the
interpretation that is to be put upon the fourth
section of this bill. He says that the words "gen-
eral superintendence" do not confer the power
and the control which I said they did. Now, sir,
I have an authority here, which I know the Sen-
