18G4.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1999,
Mr. COX. That is to say, if the amendment
offered in the House be germane to that of the
Senate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is here to admin-
ister the rules of the House, and the rules of the
House, diffeiing fiom the rules of the Senate,
provide that amendments changing existing laws
are not in order on appropriation bills.
The question was taken;and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 25; as follows:
■■ YEAS—Messrs. JamesC. Alien, Alley, Allison, Ames,
Ancona, Anderson, Arnold, Baily, John D. Baldwin, Bax-
ter, ffeaman, Bfaine, Jacob iJ. Blair, Boutwell, Boyd, Bran-
degee, Broomall, William G. Brown, Clianler, Cobb, Cole,
CresweN, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Deming, Dixon,
Donnelly, Eekley, Eliot, Famsworth, Fenton, Frank,Gar-
field, Grinnell, tlmick, Higby, Hooper,Hotchkiss, Asahel
W. ifublmid, I fulburd, Huiemns, Jenckcs, Julian, ICclley,
Francis XV. KoMojijr, Orlando Kellogg, King,ICnapp, Loan,
Lon«, Lonjryear, Marvin, McBride, McClun*. Mclndoe,
Mooihead, Momil, Danio} Morris,Morrison, Anio-. Myers-,
Norton, Odell, Charles O'Neill, Oith, Patteisnn, Perham,
Peny, Pike, Pouieroy, Price, Alexander fl. Kiee, John fl.
Uicc, Edward 11. Rollins, Sehenek. Seofield, Shannon,
Sloan, Smith, Sp.tldmg, Stevens, Strouse,Stuart,Thayer,
Thomas, Up^on, JElihu B. Washburne, William B. Wash-
burn, VVhaley, Wheeler,Chilton A. White. Wilhain«, Wil-
son, XVmdoin, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—95.
NAYS—Mej-srsi. Cox, Dawson, JDenison, Eden, Eld-
ridge, Fmek, Grider. Harding, Harrington, Benjamin G.
Hams, lloliuan, Plulip Johnson, Law, Le Blond, Mc-
Dowell, McKmney, William H. Milieu Noble, John
O'Neill, Samuel J. itandali, Hobm.son, James S. Rollins,
Ro&y, John B. Steele,and Stiles—25.
So the appqai was iaid on the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ELDRIDGE stated that Mr. Brown, of
Wisconsin, was detained from the House by sick-
ness in his family.
Mr. COX announced that Mr. Pendleton had
paired off with Mr. Kasson.
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now renew my original
motion to strike out the word " pay."
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
the gentleman can renew it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not the motion still pend-
ing?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania demanded the previous question. The
gentleman from Indiana modified his amendment,
and the Chair ruled it out of order. From that
decision the gentleman appealed, and the appeal
has been laid upon the table.
Mi.-HOLMAN. I asked leave to modify it,
and the Chair did not receive the modification.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will entertain the
motion. It is to strike out the word " p^y."
Mr. STEVENS. That original motion was
modified and a new one was made, which 1ms
been ruled out of order, and of course he cannot
now go back to the first.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
was correct in his statement. He originally moved
to strike out the word "pay" and then besought
to modify it. The Chair pronounced the modi-
fication out of order, and from that decision the
gentleman from Indiana appealed. The decision
of the Chair was sustained; and therefore the
original amendment remained.
Mr.SCHENCK. With thepermissionof the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I desire to make
some little explanation in reference to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman from Ohio
will renew the motion for the previous question,
I will withdraw it.
Mr.SCHENCK. I will renew it. Mr. Speaker,
observing that this relates to equalizing the pay
of soldiers of the Army, gentlemen have come
to my desk repeatedly to inquire about the bill,
supposing that it emanates from the Committee
on Military Affairs. I have been asked, too, in
the same connection why, if it were a bill coming
from the Committee on Military Affairs, there
was nothing contained in it about increasing the
pay of the soldiers generally. I will take ad-
vantage of the pet mission given me by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to ex-
plain the status of this question, as it presents
itaelf now before the House.
The Senate passed a bill (No. 145) to equalize
the pay of soldiers of the United States Army.
That bill on reaching this House was refetred to
the Committee on Military Affairs. We reported
it back yesterday with some modification of the
sections relating" to the equalization of the pay of i
the colored troops with lhat of the whites, and
appended to it several other sections increasing
the pay of all the soldiers of the Army, and pro-
viding for some oihui matteis 10 conncction with
Army pay. The Senate growing impatient, per-
haps, for action on bill No. 145, has taken that
same bill which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs in the House and has attached
it to the Army appropriation bill. And thus it is
that this subject comes before the House now from
the Committee of Ways and Means as an amend-
ment to the amendment made by the Senate.
As this whole subject has been before the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and as thatcommittee
has discussed and considered and reported upon
it, I propose, with the leave of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, to take so
much of this bill which was reported back yester-
day as covers this very ground, as embodies in
the main what is here before us to-day, and move
it. as a substitute for these three sections which
the Senate has putin this bill as part of its amend-
ments.
Mr. WASHBURNB, of Illinois, Being in-
terested m the proposition, I would like to know
from the gentleman from Ohio how he proposes
to get it in.
Mr.SCHENCK, By being permitted to offer
it as a substitute.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That would
be an amendment in the third degree.
Mr.SCHENCK. I think not. I was prepared
for that exception, and as I saw that the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. HoLMANjhad caught my
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] I fell
back upon the bill, and propose my amendment
as a substitute for the original text.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the
amendment may be germane to the eighth amend-
ment of the Senate, but it is the sixth that is now
under consideration.
Mr. SCHENCK. This sixth amendmentcon-
sists of what are called sections two, three, and
four. I propose to strike out these sections two,
three, and four, and to insert the matter we have
reported.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is not correct. The House has not reached the
fourth section. That is the eighth amendment
of the Senate. We arc now considering the sixth
amendment, which ends at the close of the sec-
ond section,
Mr. SCHENCK. Am I to understand that
there is no possibility of reaching by any action
these subsequent sections?
The SPEAKER. Certainly, when we reach
them. The House has considered five amend-
ments, and is now considering the sixth.
Mr. SCHENCK. Does the previous question
apply to all of the amendments?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood it
only to apply to the sixth amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not make that distinc-
tion. I supposed I was moving the previous
question on all the amendments.
The SPEAKER. That would cutoff the gen-
tleman from Ohio from offering his amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. By an arrangement with the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
it was understood that the Committee on Military
Affairs should have the opportunity of presenting
such modifications as they have agreed on to the
amendments of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will call the previous question only upon
this amendment of the Senate the gentleman from
Ohio will then have an opportunity of presenting
his amendment to the eighth amendment of the
Senate, to which it properly applies. The sixth
amendment of the Senate now is only under con-
sideration.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the Chair bo kind
enough to state what this sixth amendment is?
The SPEAKER. It has been reported by the
Clerk.
Mr. SCHENCK. What does it include?
The SPEAKER. A variety of appropriations
of various kinds.
Mr. SCHENCK. Docs it involve what is des-
ignated there as section two of the bill?
It does.
And it applies to nothing
The SPEAKER.
Mr. SCHENCK.
else?
The SPEAKER.
Nothing else.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the-Senate by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a bill of the
House (No. 371) for the relief of the settlers upon
certain lands in California, without amendment.
Also, that the Senate had passed st bill (No.
185) to establish a branch of the Mint of the Urti*
ted States at Dalles City, in the State of Orego'a;
in which he was directed to ask ihe concurrence
of the House.
AIIMY APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, Mr. Speaker, the *
amendment of the gentleman has, in my judg-
ment, one very obnoxious feature in it; but I am
willing to submit it to the vote of the House. I"
will therefore consider his amendment as in, and
call the previous question upori it.
Mr. SCHEENCK. We propose but one
amendment to the sixth amendment of the Sen-
ate; and that is, to strike out the word " Janu-
ary" and insert the word u May." Having pro-
vided for this equalization, butthe matter having
gone on until the present time without its being
a provision of law, we thought it better that it
should commence at the present time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hardly thinks that
would be pertinent to the amendment that is now
pending.
Mr. SCHENCIC. To obviate that objection,
then, I will move to strike out the whole section,
and to insertin its place the same section with the
amendment J have suggested.
Mr. SHANNON. Is that in order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania withdraws the demand for the previous
question to enable the gentleman from Ohio to
offer his amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think the House
ought to adopt the amendment, but as^the gen-
tleman desires it I am willing a vote should be
taken upon it.
Mr. STEELE.ofNew York. I rise to a queae
tion of order. Does not thisatnendmentinvolve
a change of the existing law?
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 will state to the gentle-
man that it is precisely the same with the altera-
tion of a single word.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. And I submit
that that single word changes the existing law,
and therefore renders theamondmentoutof order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is ger-
madc forthe reason that it is precisely the amend-
ment of the Senate with the exception ofchanging
the word " January" to "May." The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana changed the
pay of a different class of soldiers from that pro-
vided for by the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I do not wish
to discuss the question, but I understood the
Chair to state in respect to theamendmentof the
gentleman from Indiana that the word*"May"
could not be substituted for " January."
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so state.
The Chair stated that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana changed the existing law,
but the Chair now decides that the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio changing " January"
to " May" is germane, and therefore in order.
Mr.SCHENCK. I will not undertake to make
any further explanation upon that point. I de-
sire to make a single remark to explain why we
have not introduced a provision for increasing the
pay of all the soldiers. These amendments of the
Senate are in reference to the pay of colored troops
only. If that portion of the appropriation bill
relating to the pay of the soldiers m the Army is
again before us for consideration, as it probably
will be, we shall then repott an amendment in
favor of increasing the pay of our Army; there-
foie I have proposed nothing whatever upon that
subject at present. I would like now to have our
entire amendment to the remaining amendments
of the Senate read for the purpose of saving the
necessity of any further ex planation in the matter.
The Clerk read, as follows:
That all poisons of color who have been or may be mu<-
frod into the mihtaiy service of the United States thall
rt'ci'ivc the same mufoim, clothing, aruij?, oquipropnts,
camp rqmpag)*, lation.s medical and hospital attendance,
pay and emolument?;, other than bounty, as other soldiers
of the iegular or volunteer forces, of the United States of
like arm of the service, from and after the 1st day of May,
1804, and that every person of color who shall hereafter be
