THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June W.
iivbondage, and t as-earnestly desire to see the
accomplish Rvent of that as he can. Whatis thefe
tipoivthisrecord here that would justify any such
assertion as the Senator has made on this- floor
to-day, made with a dictatorial air as of one hav-
ing authority, but in the language and elocution
of'a sophomore? The geijtlems*v may crack his
lash-where he has authority.; lie Iuin no tefrors
for me. HamMe as I , I rSgariV myself as his
peer; upon this floor, tttrdwhenever 1 see proper
to diacUssabill which he- introd'aees I will do it
fearlessly, I trttstcourteously, and-I'cajl the-dil-
ate to witness- whether there was any tiring else
than courtceyin what I< saitfyesterday in regard
to the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
that would justify the unwarrantable insinuations
and imputation of improper motive which he has
made against- me here to-dayM^
Now let ua look, {.made a few remarks yes-
terday expressing my objections to this bill. The
honorable Senator from Iowa to-day, with much
more force, I- acknowledge, rises in his-place and
makes the very same identical objections, and the
only difference is that he puts them in a clearand
stronglight, much more so-than I was able to do.
And yet, sir, I am to be denounced as being op-
erated upon by impure and-improper motives; X
am to be denounced to-day as a slave-hunter; the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, with all
the bitterness which he could throw both into his
manner and into his voice; denounced me here on
the floor of the Senate of the United States as a
Blave-hunter, as having openly advocated slave-
hunting. Sir, when did 1 do so? Where did I
do so? How did I do so? I do not remember
ever discussing upon the floor of the Senate or
elsewhere in ptiblic the question of the fugitive
slave-law except the other day when the bill was
up for consideration. What did I do then? I
simply said that I would not enter fully into
that matter, but I read the following as express-
ing my opinion exactly; I will read it again:
"It is scarcely,questioned that this provision"—
_ Referring to the clause of the Constitution rela-
tive to fugitives from service—
"wan-Intended by those who made it for the reclaiming of
what we call fugitive slaves; and the intention of the law-
giver is the law. All members of Congress swear their sup-
port to the whole Constitution—to tins provision as much
as any other. To the,proposition, then, that slaves whose
cases come within the terms of tlua clause < shall be de-
livered up,' theii oaths are unanimous. Now if they would
make the effort in good temper, could they not, with nearly
equal unanimity, frame and pass a law by means of which
to keep good-that unanimous oath ?"
Who uttered that language?
Mr. SUMNER. Is not that a vindication of
slave-hunting, and has not the Senator voted for
slave-hunting in this Chamber during his short
presence here ?
Mr. WILLEY. Well, sir, we will see how I
voted, I just now remarked that 1 am in very
good company if 1 did so vote, the majority of the
Senate having voted the same way that I did. 1
ask again who used this language? It was the
present Chief Magistrate of the United States;
and why does the honorable Senator here pour
out his violence and his spleen upon my humble
head, when he has a man worthy of his ambition
and worthy of his mark whom hemay denounce?
Sir, does the honorable Senator intend to vote for
this slave-hunter? Is this the first tocsin of war
against Abraham Lincoln that he is not worthy
to be the next President of the United States be-
cause he is a slave-hunter? The gentleman asks
if this is not the language of slave-hunting. Be
it what it may, it is Abraham Lincoln's language;
and if Abraham Lincoln is a slave-hunter for
using this language, so am I for adopting the lan-
guage as my own,not otherwise. 1 said on that
occasion, after quoting this language:
" I think the Case is very plainly stated, sir, and there-
fore I shall-conclude my remarks on that branch of the
topics which I propose to discuss to-day by simply saying
that I cannot vote for any repeal of our fugitive slave law
until there is another law proposed accomplishing the same
result in a better and more humane manner. If the hon-
ouble Senator from Massachusetts had introduced a law
to supply the place of this, so that we might keep our con-
stitutional obligation, and if that in its terms had been effi-
cient and more humane, it would give me great pleasuieto
vote for it; but while this obligation rests upon me as a
member of the Senate, while I am one of those who have
taken that ' unanimous oath,' I shall feel as long as there
Is a slave remaining.with the shackles on him, however
much I may detest slavery in the abstract, that it is my
solemn duty to make a provision to carry into effect the
plain requirement of the Constitution."
That is my offense constituting slave-hunting!
My offense was adopting the language and senti-
ment of the presentexeelient Chief Magistrate of
these United States. Am I to be condemned for
entertaining such sentiments? What was the
resultof thatdiscussion? The honorable Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] proposed an amend-
ment that the fugitive slave law, as it is called, of
1850 should be repealed, leaving the law of 1793
still as the law of the land. In obedience to the
very sentiments that I uttered, I voted with a
majority of the Senators upon this floor for the
repeal of the law of 1850, leaving the law of 1793
as the law of the land.
Are we all slave-hunters that voted' for that
proposition? Is the distinguished Senator from
Ohio a slave-hunter because he voted for and
moved that proposition ? Are otherdistinguished
Senators that I sec on the other side of the Cham-
ber also to be denounced as slave-hunters because
they adopted that policy and voted for that prop-
osition ? Mr. President, the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts is welcome to all he can
make out of this record.
Now, sir, it seems that I have not yet recovered
from the influence of slavery; it was " natural"
for me to vote against this bill! How inconsist-
ent is that? It was because I believed the opera-
tion of this bill would be prejudicial to the free-
dom of these freedmen that 1 opposed it. It was
because 1 believed it would initiate a policy that
would lead to their ultimate reenslavement that 1
opposed it. It was because I believed it was giv-
ing an arbitrary authority over the person and
over the labor and over the rights of these unfor-
tunate beings that I opposed the extraordinary
■ provisions of this bill. And yet I am to be charged
with obeying my natural instincts and education
and going against freedom 1
But, sir, asking pardon of the Senate for these
personal observations, 1 desire to avail myself of
the floor while I am up to notice one or two other
considerations which 1 think it would be well for
the Senate to observe.
I want to put this question to the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts who has this bill in
charge: to-day how much territory in the South,
if this bill were a law, how many counties in any
one body any where in the States whose people are
in rebellion, could be brought under the operation
ofthtslaw? Take Virginia, for instance. Ourar-
miesarenow beyond Richmond or near Richmond
in one quarter; they have moved up toward Char-
lottesville or Staunton in another; they have left
half the territory of the State behind them within
what are called our lines. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator to-day if he had his Commissioner appointed,
in what singlccounty in that scope of territory dare
he go and stay all night this night twenty miles
from Alexandria or ten miles from Alexandria?
How long would a parcel of these freedmen placed
upon a plantation be allowed to labor in any of
that section of country before Mosby and his
guerrillas would be upon them ? And is it not so
everywhere else? Does not the same condition
of things exist to a very considerable extent every-
where in the States in rebellion?
But it will be argued that this cannot last al-
ways, that the rebellion will be crushed. Why,
sir, when the rebellion is crushed, then let the
State authorities be reorganized and revived and
take charge of these matters, as the only proper
and legitimate authority to do so. Until then it
will be impossible, even if this bill become a law,
to carry this complex machinery into effect with
any degree of efficiency; and what will be the
resultof that? We shall have a Commissioner at
a heavy salary, and his clerks at heavy salaries,
and his Assistant Commissioners at heavy sala-
ries, not in the territory of the rebel States but in
Washington city, or at their homes, afraid to go
there, paid by the Government of the United
States ns mere sinecures. I put it to honorable
Senators to say whether that would not be the
condition of things. To-day 1 aslc where you
can get a respectable scope of territory sufficient
to compose a district, where you can get not
merely half a State, but the_one fourth, or one
tentii,or one twentieth part of any State in rebel-
lion in which you could establish this system?
Sir, if there be such a territory I do not know
where it is.
And now, sir, a genera] remark in regard to
tho bill, further. This bill has few or no checks
upofi the operation and conduct of these Commis-
sioners and subaltern officers. They aie invested
with most astonishing control and power, both
over the property which they are to take into
possession and the labor of the freedmen whom
they are to control. We -have already com-
plaints, I am afraid too well founded, of corrup-
tion and- peculation on- the part of the Treasury
agents, and it seems to me that the wit of man
could not devise a more efficient system for pec-
ulation and corruption than is devised by this
bill", a more efficient agency to operate in that di-
rection, with fewer checks and balances, and no
pains and penalties whatever anywhere in the
bill to checlC or to punish those who are guilty
of peculation under its provisions.
Willi such a bill, the principal result of which
will be to introduce a system of peonage or re-
enslavement of these Africans that will necessa-
rily lead to corruption and peculation, if it lead
to anything at all, that will very probably only
result in creating some twenty or thirty officers'
to be paid heavy salaries while they remain at
home, I ask whether at this hour and under ex-
isting circumstances the interests of the country,
the justice of the case demand at the hands of the
Senate any such legislation.
Sir, 1 scorn and repel any imputation,come from
what quarter it may, that indicates immediately
or remotely that lam actuated in my conduct upon
the floor of the Senate here otherwise than by'the
purest and-holiest instincts for freedom. I may
err in my judgment; but, as God is my judge and
will be at the final day, I desire from the depths
of my heart universal emancipation as soon us it
is practicable, and 1 am for the manner and way
that will bring it about most speedily and most
judiciously. The whole tenor of my life gives the
direct denial to the imputations of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts. My private and my
public record do not bear him out m casting such
imputations. I have differed with Senators here
in regard to their policy. 1 have thought that
sometimes the policy would lead not to the lib-
eration of the slave, but would absolutely lead,
perhaps'in the free States—I thought so in the
beginning of this controversy—to the reenslave-
ment jpf the negroes that were there already free; •
that it might do so; that probably it would do so, *
that such would be the result. Circumstances
have changed very much since that time. I do
not now believe that such will ever be the case.
Such an onslaught has been made upon slavery
that no possible reaction, it seems to me, can ever
recover it from the final destiny of universal emar?^-
cipation to which it is tending.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator fiom West Vir-
ginia has again repeated the charge that the bill
under consideration creates a system of peonage.
Does he know whata system of peonage is? If
he does, then he does not know what the bill is.
Mr. WILLEY. Does the honorable Senator
know what the bill is?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly I do.
Mr. WILLEY. Then he knows what peonage
will be if it be adopted. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. That indicates, then, the pre-
cise difference between the Senator from West
Virginia and myself. However, sir, I do not
wish'to be carried into any verbal dispute with
that Senator or with any Senator on this floor.
Candidly and sincerely I seek the truth, and I
regret any difference with anybody, and let me
say in all frankness that since I have been on
this floor there has been much in that Senator
which has interested me, and yet there has been
something which has pained me; but when I
was pained I always tried to remember that ho
had unfortunately been brought up under a sys-
tem of slavery, and I have been too intimate,
from long experience on this floor, with the op-
erations of slavery on character not to recognize
the unhappy circumstances by which the Sena-
tor had too obviously been surrounded. It takes
long to recover from slavery, and the unconscious-
ness of its influence is one of the characteristics '
which appear in those who have been exposed
to it. *
The Senator was able to rise on this floor and
deliberately to state without putting his heel upon
the idea that men once emancipated might under'
the operation of State laws be reenslaved. He"
now seeks to explain it away. The Globe, sir,
is the perpetual record. Hero it is. 1 have sent
