mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April SO.
mustered into the servicc shall receive such sums in bounty
as the President shall oidenn the difterentStates and puns
of the United States, not exceedi?i<r $100.
Seo. 2. Jhid be it jurtker cnacted, Th t any colored per-
son enlisted and mustered into ^orvice us a volunteei un-
der the call dated October 17,1 S(i3, foi three hundred thou-
sand volunteers, who was at the time of enlistment actually
enrolled and subject to draft m the State m which he vol-
unteered, sdiall receive from the United States the same
arjrount of bounty as was paid to white soldiers under aaid
call,'not exceeding in any ease %100.
"Seo: 3. And be it further enacted, That in every case
where it shall be made to appear to the satisfaction of the
Secretary of War, that any regiment, or any battery, or any
company of cavalry, of colored uoops, has been enlisted
and mustered intothe service of the United States, under
any authorised assurance given by any offtcci or agent of
thu United States, or by any Governor of any Stare, au-
tliorized thereto by the President or the Secretary of War,
that the non-commissioned officers and privates of such
regiment, battery, or company, should be paid the same as
other troops of the same arm of the service, then they hhall
be so paid for the periou of time counting from the dale of
their being respectively mustered into the service to the
1st day of May, A. D. 1864.
Sec. 4. Jlud be il further enacted, That there may be re-
served at the discretion of the Secretary ot War, and under
such regulation as he may prescribe, a portion of the pay
of any colored soldier, not exceeding in any case more than
one tlind thereof, to be applied to the suppoitof the family
of sucii soldier, or of other near relatives dependent on him
for support.
Mr. SCHENCK. It will be observed that the
amendment I have moved has received the assent
of the Committee on Military Affairs of this
l-Touse. I do not intend to occupy the attention
of the House further than to explain the amend-
ment we propose to the bill of the Senate, and
which I have just moved to the pending measure.
In the first section we propose to stiike out
January, so that the equalization shall commence
in May, that is to-morrow, instead of dating it
back to January.
In the next section we have moved to amend
so as to pat it in the singular number instead of
the plural number; and at the conclusion of it we
move to strike out the words " without regard to
crvlor,,> and in lien thereof to insert the words
"as was paid to white soldiers under said e.al!,
not exceeding m any case $100." The bill of the
Senate limits it perhaps to$]00. It is not certain
that it does. It is not certain that under it they
may not get Jvl0;2 and $300 added together, To
make that clem- we have expressly provided that
tin- bounty shall not m any case exceed $100.
The ni-xt section is expressly intended to apply
to the regiments which entered the service with
the assurance that they woultl be paid as other
troops. I speak of the fifty-fourth and fifty-fifth
Massachusetts regiments,and the first SouthTJar-
olina regiment. The Senate provide that—
Mi pilous of color who have been enlisted and rmwied
into the vovice o( the United States shall lie entitled to le-
privc the pay and elniimis? allowed hy law to other volun-
teer m the service, from tin; dale of their muster into the
service : Provided, That the -.jiuic shall have been pledged
or piotiu^cd to them by any officer or pei -am who, in mak-
ing Mich pledge oi piomi-e, acted hv authority or the War
Department; and the Secretary of War i< herebv authoi-
l/.ed io deummne any question ot laet anting tinder tins
pioviMon,
The Committee on Military Affairs amended
that so as to make it provide that—
In every ea<e where it ^Iia'l be made to appear to the
satisfaction ol the Secretary of War th.it an v regiment,
or any battery,oi any company of cavalry, ot colored Hoop*,
h.H been enli->t"d and mustered into'the fceivtoeof the
knifed States, under any authorized av-uranee given by
nnv ollicei or .i«ent of the United States, or by any Cov-
enroi ofanv Si.u.*, ainhoii/<'d tlieielo bv the i'loident oi
the Seen r.uy ot War, that the non eomm i-xioni'd ofljt er^
ami pnvaiet- ot such legiment, battery, or company, should
be paid the .same u< other itoop^ of the Mine arm ot the
service, then they .-hall he .-o paid tor the period ot tune
counting tiom the date ot then bene,'respectively mu-tered
into the service to the i^t day ot May, A. D. ISC I.
The Committee on Military Affairs; have not
thought, the Department have not thought, the
Senate have not thought it necessary to go back
and apply this provision to all the colored troops.
There aie some particular regiments, batteries, or
companies who entered the service under the as-
surance that they .should have the same pay as
other ti oops, and those we want paid. There are
a number of negroes who have enlisted—I know
it io be the case 111 Maryland—-into the military
set vice on the assurance that they would only
receive ten dollars a. month,and have notexpected
any more. But there are regiments who expect
mote, and winch have a right to expect more.
The Department, the Senate, and the Committee
on MilitaiyAlfaiis have thought that those who
had tins assurance should be paid; we provide for
them and no further.
The next section, which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] thinks more ob-
jectionable than any other, provides that
There may be reserved, at the discretion otthe Secretary
of War, and under such regulation as he may prescribe, a
portion of the pay of any colored soldier, not exceeding in
any case more than one third thereof, to be applied to the
support ot the family of such soldier, or of other neai rela-
tives dependent on him for suppoit.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Ganson]
in this discussion, thought that that was m the
pending amendment from the Senate. He was
led into the error, I presume, by hearing that it
was in the bill reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs of the House. The reason which
induced the committee to report that as a modifi-
cation of this section ofthe Senate issimply this:
while there are a number of colored soldiers who
have enlisted in Massachusetts and other free
States, and who are able to take care of the money
they may receive, there are large numbers who
have been recruited in the slave States who are
careless, improvident, or so situated that it is
thought necessary in their absence that their fam-
ilies should be looked to, and that a portion of
their pay should be reserved for that purpose. It
is for a guardianship over that class of colored sol-
diers who come to us frequently from plantations.
It is not a subtraction from their pay, but an ap-
plication of a portion of it for the benefit of their
families, which application they are notable to
make themselves.
Now, sir, the first question is upon the amend-
ment to the first section to strike out "January"
and insert " May," and I shall need make no fur-
ther explanation when the other questions come
up in tlm hill.
Mr. STEVENS. Will it be in order by gen-
eral consent for the gentleman to move what he
refers to as a substitute for what was reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means?
The SPEAKER. It would be in oider, but
the amendment leported by tire Ways and Means
was to the eighth amendment of the Senate.
Mr. SCFIENCK. Then I will move to strike
out the second, third, and fourth amendments,and
insert the same matter as modified by the Com-
mittee on Military Allans.
Mr. STEVENS. What 1 propose is that the
volc shall be taken at once upon this substitute.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Unless the amendments
arc opened-to further amendments, I object.
Mr. COX. Give us a vote upon the amend-
ment offeied by the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move, then, the previous
question upon the sixth amendment of the Senate.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The first question being on the amendment
offered by Mr. Holman, to strike out the word
" pay"—
Mi\ ANCONA called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordeied.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
n< gttttve—yeas 52, nays £4; as follows:
VBAS—Me^i*. Jame-4 C. Allen, Anoona, Augustus
C Baldwin. Jacob B. Blair, Biooks, Wilham G. Blown,
< 'hauler, Clay, Cox, Craven*, iJaWfOU, Denton, Eden, Eld-
iidire, Pinck, Under, Harding, Ilarnnmon, Benjamin G.
Hams, Chuile* M. Harris, Hi-nick, ihriman, Philip John-
son, Keiiian, Kmfi, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Long,
Maicy, McDowell, Mervitiney, William 11. Miller, James*
it. Moment, John O'Neill, 1'eny, Radlbid, Samuel
J. Randall, Robin-on, James, S. Rolhm-, Scott, Smiih,
John B, Steele, Utiles., Stiouse, Vooihees,' Wheeler, Chil-
ton A, White, Fernando Wood} and Yearn.ui—,72.
MA VS — Me-sas. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, A moid,
Baity, John L>. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blame, Blow,
Bnuiweil, Bo\d, Biandeiiee, Ihoomnll, Cobb, Cole, Cie.--
weil, rieiii)' Winter tJaviN, D.iwe", Ih-ming, Dixon, f)on
nelly, I'.ekley, Uhot, Farn^vvoith, K-nton, Prank,
Gaiihon, G.irtield, Grnmell, Gti^vvold, Ilutby, Hooper.
Holehku->, As-nhe'l W. llubbaid, John Li. ilubbaid, Hul-
biud, Ilutehtn-, Jeucko, Julian, Kellev, Francis W. Kei-
loi^r, Orlando Kellogg, Loan, Lousyeai, Marvin, MeBnde.
MrClin<r, Melndoe, Samuel P. Milh i. Moorhead. Moinil,
D imel Monh, Aim^ Xuiton, Od« It, Cuath Xeril,
Oitn, Puitci-Mni, Peihani, Pike, Puineioy, I'nee, Alevamh r
II. Rice, John 11 Rice, Judvvatd H. Rolinu;,Ho^, tfrhenek,
Seoti.dd, Shannon, Sloan, Spaldin?, Stev< ns, Tli.t\ei',
't'ixjaia-, TTp-ou, iilihu Wa-libniue, William B. V\r<i-h-
1 bum, \Viiliam>, VVtidei, Wil.-on,and Wnidom—d4.
So the amendment was not a^teed to.
During the rail of the roll,
Mr. IVJcK]NNE\ stated that Mr. J. C. White
was detained from the House by sickness.
The question recui ring on adopting the substi-
tute offered by Mr. Schexck, which was the
same as the Senate btil cxi opt that the woid "Jan-
tauy" was changed to "May," the House was .
divided thereon; and there were—ayes 61, noes
61.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the neg-
ative; and the amendment is not agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand tellers upon the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Schenck and
Mr. Dawson were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 58, noes 65.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurring upon agreeing to the
amendment of the Senate,
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was dccided in
the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Amee, Anderson, Arnold,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Bhune, Jacob B. Blair,
Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Biandeaee, Bioomail, Cobb,Cole,
Creswell, Heniy Winter Davt-s, Dawes, Deniing, Dixon,
Donnelly, Eekley, Eiiot, Fmn*-worth, Penton,
Frank,Garfield, Grumell^hi^vvold, Hi«by, Hooper, Iloteh-
kiss, Asahel VV. Hnbbard, John tt> flnbbaid, finlhuni,
Jenekes, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kel-
lo<iyr, Loan, Lon«yeai, Marvin, McBride. McClurff, Me-
Indoe, Samuel F. Miller, Mooihead, Morrill, Daniel Mor-
ris, Ainos Myers, Norton, Oihdl, <Jh.ulea O'Neill, Oith,
Patterson, Peiham, Pomeroy, Price, Samuel J. Randall,
Alexander II. Rice, John U. Itice, Edwaid II. Rollins,
Selienck, Seofield, Shannon, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens,
Thayer, Upson, Ehim B. Washbtune, Wilham B. Wash-
burn, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, and Windom—BO.
NAYS — Messrs. Jam«s C. Allen, Aneona, Biooks,
William G. Brown, Chanler, Cla\, Co\, U.iw^on, Dt m>im,
Eden, Eldndge, Finck, Gnder, Hall, Harding, Harrington,
CharlesM. Ilarn^, Ilcrrick, IIolman,Keinan,Kins, Knapp,
Law, Lazem, Le Blond, Lons, Marey, McDowell, Me-
Kumey, William H, Millet, J aw as R. Moms, Morrison,
Noble, John O'Neill, Peuy, Robinson, James S. Rollins,
Ross, Scott, Smith, John B. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Voor-
hees, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Fernando
Wood, and Veaman—49.
So the amendment of the Senate was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. ALLISON stated that Mr. FCasson was
necessarily absent, and was paired off With Mr.
Pendleton.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate amendment was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. Inow call the previous ques-
tion on the balance of the amendments of the
Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 hope the gentleman will
allow me to offer some amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the previous
question long enough to say a single word. The
chairman of the Committee on Military Affaus
has already submitted to us what he intends as
a substitute for the balance of the amendments, i
greatly prefer the amendments of the Senate, and
L will call the previous question and let the vote
on that be a test vote between the two. We may
just as well take atest vote in that way as in any
other.
Mr. SCHENCK. That will be no test vote.
We will all go for the previous question in order
that we may get on with our business.
Mr. STEVJENS. Well, as the gentleman from
Ohio seems anxious to have a vote on his amend-
ments, I suggest to him that he offer them as a
whole as a substitute for the balance of the amend-
ments of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The only embarrassment
about that course is that the Committee of Ways
and Means recommend an amendment to the
eighth amendment of the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman can move to
stnke out the whole of the Senate amendments,
and insert his own in place of them.
The SPEAKER, is there objection to that
course being pursued?
Mr. JT. C. ALLIEN. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. Then 1 am embarrassed to
know what to do.
Mr. SCHENCK. Abide by youi agreement,
and let me offer my amendment. There is no
difficulty about that.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, sir, let the gentleman
offer his amendment, and then I will call the pre-
vious question.
The seventh amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
^ec. 3 Jiml he it further enaded, That 'ill p'l-ou-: en-
listed and mu-tered into the service a- volutin i-m under
the call dated October 17, ItXilJ, for thiee hundred thousand
