THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PHOCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, I). 0,
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 16, 1864.
New Series.,...No. 187.
for it. On April 10,1862, the words were said,
and on that day they were happily denounced by
the Senator from New Hampshire. The Senator
from West Virginia proposed as an amendment
to a pending proposition that provision should be
made for the "deportation or colonization of all
other persons of the African race who are now
free in any of the United States." That was his
policy, deportation, colonization, applicable on a
gigantic scale, and the Treasury of this country
was tc be taxed to carry out that idea. How did
he enforce the idea? By developing at some length
that persons of African descent could not be al-
lowed to continue in communities where they had
been emancipated, and he wound up as follows:
" Here you are suriounding us"—
"Us" slave-masters—
"by an impassable barrier of constitutional interdictions
against the diffusion of this population, wittle at the same
tune you want to manumit our slaves and throw them
broadca&t on our community. Sir, the evil uill be unen-
durable, and the result will betherehislavement of the slaves
thw> manumitted, as well as those already free mour State."
And having given utterance to that most atro-
cious sentiment, he took his seat.
Mr. WILLEV. Did I indorse 
Mr. SUMNER. Excuse me; I have the rec-
ord here; it will all appear. The Senator from
New Hampshire was happily in his seat, and he
rose at once and said:
" Mr. Hale. Mr. President, I have not said a word npon
this bill, and did not intend to, and I do not know that 1
shall now; but I declare 1 cannot sit still and hear such
8entau«nt& as those that have ju-,t been uttered b> the hon-
orable Senator from Viiginui without an attempt to rebuke
them. The honorable Senator mtimate«, ol course not of-
fensively, hut in the way of a threat, that ultimately the
State of Vnginia and possibly the State ot Maryland and
the State ot Kentucky may be compelled, in consequence
of a system of legislation indicated by this bill,to reenslave
their colored population, to tear the colored freemen of
those States from thp little portion of right which they en-
joy, and bind them again m the chains of bondage and
slavei v.
l- Mr. Willey. 1 hope thegentleman will permit me 
"Mr. Hale. I shail get thiough in a minute, and then
I Will.
" Mr. Willky. Simply an explanation. The gentle-
man misconceived my rernailc.
" Mr. Hale. I think J did not misunderstand the re-
mark"—
The remark was as plain as day; I have read
it—
"I certainly would not misrepresent the Senator. The
intimation \\\\< that they would be compelled, as a matter
of necessity, to reenslave the colored population that are
already fiee and those that would be made free under this
bill. Now, sir, I leeollect, as long ago as the last war with
England, ai'tei the victoiy of General Jackson at New Or-
leans, beanie a famous song which was *u g all over the
count! y m praise ol the liunteis of Kentucky. 1 have as
lligh regaid lor the chivalry, braveiy, and the powe^ot Ken-
tucky, Viiyinia. and Maryland, and any ot these States as.
any man h<<-; but I tell them, and I tell the Legislature of
every State m this Union, that when they undertake that
they'undertake a job that they cannot do; they set them-
selves ?n opposition ro the moral sentiment of the countiy
and of the vvoild. There is not a monarch to-day on the
throne of any of the kingdoms ot Euiope situated theie ho
fiimly that he dare to set hunseit in opposition to the moral
sentiment of mankind, t take it, sir, that it is neither fa-
naticism nor superstition to &ay that when the Cieatoi of the
eaith made the eaith, and the same Power made colored
men, He intended that the colored men He had made should
dwell upon the earth that He had made; and that when the
broad earth was subjected to the servitude of man and the
fiat went forth that liy the sweat ot thelxow ot man should
his living he obtained trom the eaith, Jt was auniveisal
edict, iiu-spective ot complexion, and that the earth is sub-
ject to the &eivitude ot supporting the black m.ui a= well as
the white. I laugh to scorn all attempts and all threats at
reen^lav :ng this people. I tell you it cannot be done. I
believe, sir, that the Almighty, sitting on the throne of
etei na!jnotice, would pioclaun in thunder tone**, that States
no 1"Sn than individuals would hear, that the great and
eternal principles of fundamental justice could not be out-
raged ai'-ain*t a whole people and a "whole ciaj-s so grossly
a^°tl:.:t without a vindication on His; part of the eternal laws
whifh He ha* promulgated."
That, air, was the deserved rebuke which the
Senator from New Hampshire gave to the Sena-
tor from West Vnginia. There is a long ex-
planation that follows, which the Senator may
read if he sees fit; 1 certainly cannot congratulate
hi in if he thinks that it contains any apology for
the sentiment which he uttoied. Sir, I come now
to one other point- 
Mr. WILLEV rose.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will bear with
me; I shall not be long. One other point. The
Senator is unwilling to be called a slave-hunter.
Let him not, then, in any way sustain the hunt-
ing of slaves. Sir, I use plain language, and 1
always have used plain language ever since I have
been on this floor, especially when slavery in this
terrible form was under consideration. A man
who hunts slaves is a slave-hunter. A man who
authorizes another to hunt slaves is a slave-hunter.
If slavery be a crime, then is slave-hunting some-
thing more, for slavery never appears in so-odious
an aspect as when it assumes the form of slave-
hunting. And yet the Senator now to-day openly
avows himself a slave-hunter; and satisfies his
conscience by referring to others who do the same
thing. Sir, each man must stand or fall by him-
self. If the Senator from West Virginia chooses
to vindicate or to sanction in any way the hunfe«-
ing of his fellow-man, I know no term of ourcom-
mon language which more aptly designates the
function which he undertakes than that which I
have employed. If the term be offensive it is not
so offensive as the thing.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts stiil persists in de-
nouncing me as a slave-hunter in a manner and in
language not to be misunderstood by the Senate,
and to which 1 dare not be indifferent if 1 could. It
is designed to carry with it reproach. It is designed
to carry with it something of the particeps crim-
inis, something humiliating, something dastardly,
something mean. Now, Mr. President, how far
do 1 go for the fugitive slave lav/? No further
than the Constitution of the United States in ex-
press terms provides. Who made it? George
Washington. He is one of the authors of the
fugitive slave law; he is a slave-hunter! James
Madison too is a slave-hunter! I suppose their
ashes will not be much disturbed to-day, after the
accumulated glory of half a century resting on
their memories, by the traducing epithets of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, who de-
nounces them far more than he does me. If I
had been in their place, with my present feelings,
it is very probable that I never would have con-
sented to the introduction of such a clause into
the Constitution. Perhaps, actuated as they were
by a spirit of compromise, in order to make a
Union and to perpetuate it, I might be induced to
do so, but from no other consideiation. And bo-
cause to-day 1 desire upon the obligation of the
oath which I took at your desk to carry out in
good faith that oath and to see that the Constitu-
tion is preserved and maintained and its laws ex-
ecuted—a Constitution formed by George Wash-
ington and James Madison and the brightest in-
tellects that ever adorned humanity—1 am to be
denounced in the contemptuous language of the
Senator from Massachusetts as a slave-hunter.
Sir, every Senator upon this floor must judge of
his own constitutional obligation in the light of
his own conviction, but with my conviction of
my duty under the oath which I took tosuppoit
the Constitution, if I did not go for carrying out
that clause in some form by some law or other,
ns humane as possible, I should regard myself
as worse than the veriest slave-hunter and slave-
driver that ever cracked the lash over the back of
a slave—a perjured man, unfit for earth and unfit
for heaven. .. „ , • i t
But then, sir, the honorable Senator thinks I
do not understand what a •' peon "is. Prom his
expiession I am pretty certain that hp does not.
, It has several- significations. We understand it
! best in this country, I suppose, from the example
I nearest to us m Mexico. A " peon is thus de-
' find by Worcester: " In Mexico, a day laborer,
usually a laborer held in servitude until a debt is
discharged;" not for life; " a bondman tor debt.
Now, if this bill is not pretty much peonage ac-
cording to this definition, I do not know what
P(Nof! Sr, a word in regard to my remarks
made some two years ago which have been read
by the honorable Senator from Massachusetts.
The honorable Senator evidently conveyed, or
his language \0as calculated to convey, the id est
in the first place that 1 had advocated the reSti-
slavement of those who had been emancipated,
that it met my approbation. He read the' record;
and 1 ask Senators to observe whether there wai
a word in it that sustains the honorable Senator
in that view of the case. I was using it as an
argument that this terrible consequence would
ensue, a consequence which in the very terms 1
used I deprecated, as the result of the policy that
the honorable Senator was then pursuing. 1 did
then think that peradventure the result of that
policy would be the reenslaVement of emancipated
negroes. Sir, 1 thought that reenslavement would
come from another quarter. I supposed the re-
enslavement of the poor negroes who have been
emancipated by this war would take place by
their original masters. 1 never expected that the
first act and movement for their reenslavement
would come from the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, as we have it in this bill here to-
day.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Senate '
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate"
adjourned.  ________
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 15, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
By unanimous consent, the reading of thft
Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
The House then resumed the consideration of
joint resolution of the Senate (No. 16) submit-
ting to the Legislatures of the several States a
proposition to amend the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, before
proceeding to discuss directly the question before
the House, I wish to devote a few moments in
replying to some remarks which fell from the lips
of my colleague [Mr. Ross] last evening, and in-
cidentally to remarks which have been uttered
by othergenflemensince thisdebate commenced.
1 was surpused at the speech of my colleague
last evening, in the whole course of a prepared
speech of an hour's length, scarcely one word
did he utter by way of rebuke of the rebels and
traitors of the South. The entire burden of his
speech, with a very small exception, from be-
ginning to end was abuse of the Administration
and of°the Government, misrepresentation as to
the manner in which the war had been conducted,
and allegations against the Union men of the
country that they had produced the war and weie
continuing it with a view to self-aggrandizement.
It is true that he did for a very few moments, in
a very mild and ging'erly manner, take issue with
Jeff. Davis and his crew upon the dogma of the
rio-ht of States to secede from the Union under
the Constitution; but it was done in a very def-
erential and careful and tender manner. To the
balance of his speech it was like a grain of wheat
hidden ill a bushel of chaff; you may search for
it all day, and when you find it it is not worth
the seeking; or li ke Fulstafl's bill at IV! i s. CXulck-
ly'a tavern, a penny-worth of bread to an enor-
mous quantity of sack.
My colleague said that lie and the party with
which he acts are the friends of the soldier, that
he himself introduced into the House a resolution
to instruct the Committee on Military Affairs to
increase the pay of officers and soldiers thirty-
three per cent., but that instead of the committee
reporting a bill to increase the pay of officers and
soldiers of the Army thirty-three per cent, they
had only reported a bill to increase the pay of the
soldiers ten cents a day, while at the same time
they reduced his rations.
Now, what is the truth about this? A bill has
been reported and has passed this House to in-
crease the pay of soldiers from thirteen to sixteen
dollars per month. It is true that Mat bill also
provided for the repeal of pait of the act of 1861,
187
