1026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10.
changed the channels of commerce and trade, and
in some cases opened new and better ones, while
an unknown and uncertain currency has been dis-
placed by a known and national currency, so, too,
the old political organizations, having been formed
forothor times and other issues, have had to give
way to the one party and the one sentiment of
progress, of nationality, of freedom. All parties
have taken a hand in trying to make something
out of stavery. Us vote being generally a unit
in national politics, has been bidden for by every
aspirant for office, and has as Surely wrought the
rum of those whom it elevated to power, when
they were no longer available to promote its ends.
The old Whig party, with itsgifted and immor-
tal leaders, struck upon this rock and was rent in
fragments. And while memory lives to cherish an
Ashland and a Marshfield, there will bean undy-
ing record of the ingratitude of slavery!
The Democratic party—in its early days the
friend of freedom and the rights of man—became
ultimately the'ally of the slave powerand the em-
bodiment ofcits interests, but held its discordant
elements together until the Charleston conven
tion, in 1860. In the canvass of that year—run-
ning two candidates, neither of whom was for
freedom—the two factions struck against each
other and were destroyed in the concussion. Since
then we hava known no national Democratic
party.
The mission of the Republican party was ended
when its work was accomplished. Thatwork was
to stay the progress of slavery and preserve the
public domain to freedom. It never pretended to
aim at more. But it made two splendid cam-
paigns and died in its last triumph ! It struck one
telling blow for freedom and against slavery; so
the reminiscences of its short and eventful career
shall forever remain tender and interesting.
The first achievement for freedom as against
slavery, was upon the soil of my own State. The
slave party triumphed in the legislation of Con-
gress, carried the Missouri compromise of 1820,
and the compromise measures of 1850, and the
Kansas-Nebraska bill of 1854. Ithad triumphed
in Congress, in the national conventions, in the
elections which followed, anil in the decisions of
the Supremo Court. Everywhere had this power
been successful until it undertook to make a prac-
tical use of this legislation, and build up the in-
stitution on the soil of my own State; and then it
yielded only afler a tliroe years' struggle and the
disgrace of two Administrations. Sir, I have seen
and felt enough of slavery to hate it. I have no
confidence m any man's fieedom, if his title to it
is held at the mercy of this slave power. Com-
promises soldo nothing. They are only tempo-
rary adjustments, and always liable to be broken.
There is no compromising with an in ho rent wrong.
There is no peace where freedom and slavery are
housed together. This conllict is natural as well
as " irrepressible." It is the groat law of the
case, the " higher law," for it exists in the nature
of things that no great wrong can anywhere rest.
It is itselfaggressive, making war upon the right,
and it must live in triumph, or die by extermina-
tion. The case is fairly made up before the Amer-
ican people whether their Government shall live
or whether slavery shall die. And tins position
was reached in the triumphs of freedom and the
defeat of slavery in the canvass of 1800.
At the pfiiiou of this triumph, the long-threat-
ened conflict between slavery and freedom culmi-
nated in open war. It had been tending to this
issue for nearly half a century; and now, mad-
dened by political defeat, it struck the threatened
blow, and during the waning days of its last and
chosen Administration, selected its own battle-
field. Secession, the forerunner of war, com-
menced at ihe opening of the last Congress of Mr.
Buchanan's Administration. On the 20th day of
December, 18C0, South Carolina "seceded," as
she said, from the American Union. It was the
falling of a star of doubtful brilliancy and moie
than suspected loyalty. Fourdays later her whole
delegation withdrew from Congress, and left
Washington in order to prosecute their schemes
of treason. Three days more, and the Palmetto
flag, that rag of rebellion a15d treason, floated over
Charleston and Forts Mouhrie and Pinckney.
Two days later, and Mr, Floyd, having first stolen
the Tifiasury poor, tendered his resignation,and
received from Mr. Buchanan an affectionate and
tearful farewell! On the 5th day of January fol-
lowing, that delectable body, the South Carolina
convention, adjourned, having laid the corner-
stone of the southern confederacy deep in the
quicksands of slavery. Oil the 7th day of Jan-
uary, Mr. Toombs made in this Senate Chamber,
and standing in this very place, a most treason-
able speech in behalf of slavery and secession,
and left Washington unhung. On the 9th, only
two days later, that gallant old ship, the Star of
the West, while entering Charleston harbor on
an errand of mercy which an angel might have
envied, was fired upon and compelled to return,
and on the 28th day of the same month South
Carolina demanded the surrender of Fort Sumter.
On the 4th of February, 1861, the first confeder-
ate convention was held at Montgomery, Ala-
bama; on the 8th a constitution was adopted and
a provisional governmentorganized; on thevery
next day, February 9, Mr. Jefferson Davis was
elected presidentof thesouthern confederacy; and
on the 12th day of April the batteries of Charles-
ton opened upon Fort Sumter, which was com-
pelled on the 13th to surrender.
Thus, step by step, in quick succession, slavery
committed the overt acts of rebellion and treason,
and thus opened the war during the first days of
the present Administration. And whatcould have
been clearer than the cause of the rebellion ? What
easier than then and there to have pronounced
upon the means for its overthrow ? But how slow
it was to learn the lesson of events, to compre-
hend the magnitude of the struggle, or the manner
and means for its successful termination! ' Itwas
early and hastily proclaimed that the relations of
the Government to slavery and of slavery to the
States should remain unchanged, as if amid the
wreck of State governments and State sovereignty
slavery alone was entitled to stand; that whatever
else might perish, that at least should be preserved.
So little was the crisis understood that it was pro-
nounced a " ninety-day " affair, and this ended,
the States were all to be restored, and the institu-
tion of slavery remain undisturbed. It was un-
hesitatingly announced lhat this was no war for
freedom and the rights of man, but for the Con-
stitution and the rights of the Slates in the restored
Union; and to make this position doubly sure,a
joint resolution was dragged through Congress to
secure it against further question. No wonder
that we suffered thetcachings of adversity, or that
our course lay over many well-fought battle-fields
of doubtful triumph. No wonder, 1 repeat, that
with such declared purposes and impolicies we
have been called to weep over the slaughter of
thousands, and find the pathway of national suc-
cess to be " by the way of the wilderness and the
Red sea." Fora year and a half, with the blind-
est fanaticism, it followed in the wake of slavery,
for that interest led, both in the council and in the
field. But, by the discipline of sorrow and the
teachings of adversity, the heart of the nation has
been reached, and rapidly reorganizing, the peo-
ple aie preparing for an edict of emancipation,
made legal and irrepealable by an amendment of
the Constitution, as provided for and anticipated
in the instrument itself.
Entertaining these views, and in order to save
this Government to freedom, and that the hope of
its founders may become fully realized, we are for
organizing a pal ty with a well-defined platform
and policy; for in periods of national convulsion
it becomes the solemn duty of the people to in-
crease their vigilance, and to acquire new strength
for the support of their cherished institutions.
The Revolution of 1776 produced the noblest
political declaration ever made to the world, and
on which was afierwaul founded our Federal Con-
stitution. But the inevitable progress of ideas
made it impossible that slavery should long con-
tinue to exist in a free republic, and the death-
struggle of that institution has nearly resulted in
the destruction of the nation itself. Thisstrtiggle
has rendered obsolete the old fallacy of a political
compromise between liberty and slavery, on which
our Union, otherwise admirable, was insecurely
based; and it lias proved the necessity of such
amendments of our Constitution as shall enlarge
its spirit, and make certain tiie way oSemancipa-
tion, and guaranty us from any futme rebellion
of a class against the people, who are, and of right
should ever continue to be, sovereign.
In the presentconllict, I repeat,all political par-
ties have been destroyed. Partisan Democracy
early perished through the alliance and corruption
of its leaders, with slave'ry; partisan Republican-
ism, aiming only at the restraint of slavery, and
never oncc asking its extinction, was shattered by
the first gun aimed at Sumter.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my friend from Kansas
will allow me, I do not know that I understand
precisely some of the statements he has made.
Am I to understand him as organizing a new po-
litical party ? • '
Mr. POMEROY. I will allow the Senator to
answer me at full length in a few minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can-
not be interrupted unless he gives way.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I only wished to under-
stand the Senator.
Mr. POMEROY. I was saying that partisan
Democracy early perished through the alliance
and corruption of its leaders with slavery; parti-
san Republicanism, aiming only at the restraint
of slavery, and never once asking its extinction,
was shattered by the first gun aimed at Fort Sum-
ter. No party now exists which has ever been
seen in a national convention. And after three
years of fearful and exhausting conflict, the coun-
try is still menaced by dangers which can only
beaverted by instantandintelligentpoliticalaction
on the part of the people, and a marching to tri-
umph and victory on the part of the Army. To
save the nation from demoralization and disgrace-
ful bankruptcy, and also from the threatened per-
ils of official usurpations, a contest of ideas is in-
augurated for the promotion ofjust principles,and
not for the aggrandizement of men. To this end
the aid of all citizens should be invoked who
desire a speedy restoration of the Union upon
the principle of universal freedom secured by an
amended Constitution, inviting all to unite in ad-
vocating and maintaining a political organization
embracing the vital issues of the present day.
1. The immediate suppression of the rebellion,
by using and controlling, if need be, for the time
being ali the civil and all the military power of this
natmn, without premature offers of pardon by
proclamation of amnesty to traitors, but reserving
to a tiiumphunt people the right to determine to
what extern mercy shall be tempered with justice.
2 Such amendments to the Federal Constitution
as shall prohibit slavery wherever the flag of the
Union floats, with suitable encouragement to a
general system of education, in order thatsuffrage
shall be intelligent as well as free, thus furnishing
additional guarantee for the perpetuity of our lib-
erties.
3. The maintenance of the Monroe doctrine, by
which the despotisms that afflict the Old World
shall be denied any additional foothold in the New,
thus guarding our country against the encroach-
ments of tyranny, and dedicating this American
continent to the development of popular institu-
tions.
4. The organization of a rigid economy in the
administration of public affairs, in'order both to
leheve the burdens of the people and to insure the
financial credit of the nation.
5. The confiscation of the property of leading
rebels, and inauguration of republican govern-
ments in all the districts in rebellion, whensoever
the loyal inhabitants shall voluntarily acquiesce
in and adopt the same.
(j. The perfection of a sound system of national
currcncy, made stablcand sure by a pledge of the
wealth and resources of the whole country, thus
protecting the people from the evils of an issue
of unguarantied paper currency, and supplying
them with a safe and convenient medium of com-
mercial exchange in a national currency of uni-
form value in all parts of the country, and con-
vertible into gold without loss.
7. Such subordination of the several States to
the General Government as shall secuie a homo-
geneous and undisputed nationality, while not de-
stroying the rights reserved to the States, so lhat
allegiance to the national Government shall al-
ways be regarded as the highest fealty, and the
title of an American citizen the proudest that can
be borne, believing him to be an American who
has an American heart in his bosom, no matter
where may have been the accident of his birth or
education, for he is as likely to be as truly an
American who becomes one from choice us he
who is compelled to be one from necessity.
8. A general adherence to the usage of theGov-
ernment for thirty years past in the one-term
principle as applied to the office of the Presidency,
