1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2979
and used by the good old Democrats of the Rev-
olution. They included every son and daughter
of Adam, whether born under a tropical or a frigid
sky. One of the first things they did was to prohibit
slavery in all the territory belonging to the United
States. They said, " We will see to it that this
great curse shall spiead no further." Why, sir,
this shows the hearts and heads of our forefathers
were imbued with the spirit of freedom, eman-
cipation—abolition, if you please. In the very
first Congress under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States a petition was presented to it by Ben-
jamin Franklin, as the president of an abolition
society of Philadelphia, praying Congress to go
to the very verge of the authority vested in them
for the abolition of slavery.
I refer to these things for the purpose of show-
ing the doctrine which prevailed in thatday, " in
the early and better days of the Republic." But,
sir, alas ! it happened we took our departure from
these landmarks. Men became greedy and avari-
cious. The invention of the cotton-gin, the cul-
tivation of cotton made it profitable to raise men
and women for the southern market. The price
of slaves was enhanced; from being worth $250
they went up to $1,200 and §1,300. Then the
greed for power took possession of the slavehold-
ers, and the avarice of these men overleaped itself
and they became clamorous for the extension of
slavery. The bounds were too narrow for them.
They became ambitious of a nation that should
be founded upon the " corner-stone of slavery."
Then it was, Mr. Speaker, that the slave power
got the control of the Government, of the execu-
tive, legislative, and judicial departments. Then
it was that they got possession of the high places
of society. They took possession of the churches.
They took possession of the lands. Then it be-
came criminal for a man to open his lips in de-
nunciation of the evil and sin of slaveholdmg.
Then followed those scenesof jiotand bloodshed
in the North, the diagging ol Gainson through
the stieets of Boston with aropeaiound his neck
to be hanged; the issuing of a message by the
Governor of Massachusetts, Edward Everett,
declaring that the men agitating the slavery ques-
tion were indictable at common law; the indict-
ment in southern States of men in the North for
anti-slavery publications in the city of New York.
Then came lequisitions upon the Governor^ of
the North to surrender the bodies ol these men to
be taken South to be tried; the offering rewards
for the heads of northern men; the murder of
Love joy at Alton; the thrusting of that old pa-
triot,'Joshua R. Giddings, out of Congress; the
attempt to expel John Quincy Adams; the throt-
tling of the right of petition; suppressing the free-
dom of the press; the suppression of the freedom
of the mails; all these things followed the taking
possession of the Government and lands by the
slave power, until we were the slaves of slaves,
being chained to the car of this slave Juggernaut.
Both3 the great political paitics of the country
wore its yoke and were prostrate before its power.
But, thank God, theie weie men in the laud who
stood shoulder to shoulder and declared that they
would not be slaves, that they would still make
their voice and action felt. The better sense of
the people began to revolt against the continued
aggressions of this monster. Agitation continued,
agitation simply to bring back the country to the
landmarks of the fathers, to make this what it
professed to be, to wit, a republican Government,
to maintain the rights of " human nature," tor
which our fathers had declared they had fought.
Then came the conventions of the rival polit-
ical patties, in which they declared that the agita-
tion of tiiis vexed question should cease. But it
would not cease, for the slave power was still
clamoring for more, more, more ! Then came the
decision of the Supreme Couit. Why, sir, the
spii it of slavery took possession of that court and
instigated the palsied arm of a judge upon the
brink of the grave to attempt to snatch the charter
of human liberty from the throne of the Al-
iTi i 111 y.
f need not go further with the history of this
subject. We all know how it culminated. When
we stood in the bleach and declaied that slavery
should go no fur!her, that it should not spread over
the land, that they should not "call the roll of
their slaves under the shadow of Bunker Hill
nor "flog them in the corn-fields of Hhnois,
then the slaveholders brought on the rebellion.
Yet strange as it is, men from, the free North
still cling to the carcass of slavery, and try to gal-
vanize it into new life, and say to it, " Thou shalt
not surely die!" Although this is an old sub-
jectto many, yet I desire for a few moments to call
the attention of the House to the comparative
benefits and evils of free and slave institutions,as
they are practically illustrated by the census re-
ports. I wish to read from a speech I had the honor
to make in this House six years ago the present
Congress. I then said:
"Virginia lias something over sixty thousand square
miles of territory, while New York has some forty-seven
thousand square miles. Vngmia has as good a soil, and a
better climate than New York—and had much the start in
settlement! I have prepared a table which I will give,
showing the piogress of the two States up to L850:
Total population at different periods, including slaves
1790. 1800. 1830. 1850.
Virginia 748,308 8S0.200 1,211,405 1,421,631
New York 340,120 586,756 1,918,608 3,097,394
" Again, sir; in 1850 there was invested hi church prop-
erty in New York $21,134,207, and in Virginia the sum of
: only $2,856,076. At that time there were published in
New Yoik 428 riew^papeis, witli an aggregate circulation
on 10,385,473; while in Vnguiia there were but 87, with
a circulation of 9,223,008. New York expends $2,50u,000
yeaily for educational purposes, while Virginia expends
about §700,000. In Viiginia, taking the entire free white
native population, there arc 75,868 adults over twenty j'eais
of age who cannot read or write, while in New York tliere
are but 23.241 of the same class. In New York it is about
one in fifty of the adults, while in Vngmia it is about one
in five ! Sixty yeas* ago Virginia ranked as the noblest and
richest State or them all; she was then justly regarded as
the mother of statesmen and of States ; then she had ten
Representatives, while New York had only six. Now New
Yoik has thirty-tine^, and Virginia thnteen. Why, sir,
John Randolph said a good many years ago,4 Virginia isso
mipoveiibhed by the system ot tlaveiy, that the tables will
sooner or later be turned, and the slaves will advertise ior
runaway masters..'
"Take anotliei example: Kentucky and Ohio, nearly
eqU'tl in ariM, Kentucky having the advantage in climate ;
and m all other ip-per>ts a-^ to <-oil3 position, and natuial
re&ouiees equal to Ohio; and how do they stand in the
iaee ot piogress ? Kentucky had much the start, having,
in 1790, 73,000 inhabitant*, while Ohio had none. Ken-
tucky was admitted into the Union by act of Congress of
Fobi"uary, 1791. Ohio was admitted in 1803, with one Rep-
resentative. /ti the year 10U0 Kentucky had 221,000 in-
habitants, and Ohio had only 45,365. In 18-20 Kentucky
had 564.000, while Ohio had 581.000! And in 1850 Ken-
tucky had 982,605, while Ohio had 1,980.329! It will be
borne in mind that lhi> enumeration in Kentucky includes
over 210,000 slave*, while in Ohio they aie all freemen.
In 1850 Kentucky had 62 newspapers, with a circula-
tion of 6.582,838 ; and Ohio had 201 newspaper*, with a
circulation ot 30,473,407 Kentucky had 131,M0> pupilsand
students attending schooK, and Ohio had 5L4,$09 attend-
ing behooK Kentucky has now 10 RepienunUtives, and
Ohio 21; and affsr I860 the disparity will be much greater.
Upon the adoption ofrhe Fedeial Constitution,! think South
Caiolina had five Representatives. In seventy years tins
State, which, if we are to believe her statesmen, haasuch
an excellent social and political system, and .such a pure
and "cnuine democracy, has managed, principally by the
increase of her slaves, (who now numbet more than half
her entire population,) to yrow just one Representative. j
"Take one other exampip, -Mr. Speaker, and I have
done with this subject—Alabama, the most flourishing of j
all the slave States In 1820 she had 127,900 inhabitants; I
while Illinois, at the same time, had but 55,200. They
weie admitted into the Union about the same time. I
think Illinois was admitted m December, 1818, and Ala-
bama in Deeembei, lt?19. Well, theie they are, J.uily Matt-
ed in the lace ofpiogie-«. Alabama having inoie than
twice as many people a* Illinois, sitnatcdnectly upon the
Gulf of Mexico, with the iiaibor of MobOc, capable ot ac-
commodating almost the entne shipping of the world ; her
pioduci* of a much more valuable chaiacter than those of
Illinois; while Illinois was a lar western State, difficult
of acce*s, tar away from the ^ea-coast and from an invit-
ing market. Now, sir, let us see 'what time they have
made' in the lace, and how they come out.
Population.
1820. 1830. 1840. 1850.
AHhima  127,900 309,527 590,756 771,623
 157,44; 476,183 851,470
'■This include* M.ive  Ji"l all. The white population
of Al.ibama 111 1850 \vi- only ami to-uay, f=ir,
white Illinois lias more than a milium and a Ii.ilf ot "cp-
incn there are not ptobahiy more than half a million in
Alabama. In Alabama, in 1&-.0, tHcr.. we«> bO
with an auL'ieuate circulation of 2.G6-3,<41, and in
Wlth a cuculation of
5 10"" °76 In Alabama there were 02,84(5 pupils and stu-
dent;'attending schools. See; and m Illinois there were,
at the same tune, 18*2,292 attending schools."
In 188# theiPopuiauo.. of ;;;;;;;;
Increase from 1850 toUSU in Tupnia ; .. WJO
This includes 490,000 slaves in Virginia.
In 1800 the population of Alabama was 
t. « Illinois was 
Inciease from 1850 to 1850 >n Alabama  30">000
ii i( K Illinois  OUU,JUU
This includes 435,030 slaves in Alabama.
"What an astounding picture is this I Ken-
tucky has as good a soil, a better climate, more
valuable productions, a larger area of teriitory,
and with seventy thousand inhabitants before Ohio
had any, and yet when they started upon the
race how steadily Ohio gained upon and overtook
her competitor and marched onward and upward
in the race of progress.
1 made a calculation in reference to the com-
parative influences of free and slave institutions
upon public intelligence:
" In Massachusetts, in 1850, there were but one thou-
sand and fifty-five native white persons over the age of
twenty years who could notread and write; oraboutoneto
every seven hundred and seventy-eightof the entire white
native population. At the same time there were of the
same class in Alabama thirty three thousand six hundred
and eighteen who could not read and write, or one to
every twelve and a half of the entire white native popula-
tion ; and that is about tiie average in the slave States.
Why, sir, in the slaveholdmg States to-day, from eighteen
to twenty per cent, of all the free white native voters can-
not read the ballots they east, nor sign their own names to
a poll-book."
My friend near measles if these men, who can-
not read and write, do not vote the Democratic
ticket. I can only say that they generally do in
my State. Now, sir, we see that the effects of
slavery are baneful, that it is in every conceivable
form a curse to the soil, to the people, to intelli-
gence, and to industry; a curse to white men
and to black men; that it cripples and palsies;
that wherever its giroccobreath floats overaTer-
ritory it poisons the stream of prosperity and in-
telligence; and that where the spirit of liberty
breathes upon a State it rises like a giant and be-
comes great, prosperous, and powerful. And yet
gentlemen will cling to this old carcass of human
slavery . They will not let -it go.
I thank God that the Republic has at last rec-
ognized the manhood of the negro. Gentlemen
may call us " miscegenists," and they may talk
of equal rights. I do not know of any man in
the party to which I belong who is fearful of com-
ing into competition with the negro. 1 know there
arc many men of the party of my colleague who
spoke last evening, [wlr. Rosa,] who do feel that
the negro is their natural competitor and rival,
and they do fear, and fear with some reason, too,
that the negroes will outstrip them if we give them
a fair chance. I have heard gentlemen talk about
their fears that negroes might become Represent-
atives upon this floor. Well, I am inclined to
think that the country would not suffer by such
a change in some instances. Oh! they are afraid
of" negroequality"and'< miscegenation." Yuu
must not unchain the slave and allow him the
fiuits of his own toil and permit lum to fight for
the Republic for fear of negro equality and mis-
cegenation. Can the head or hetut ol man con-
ceive of anything more mean and despicable?
The slave-owner *s cutting at the heart of the
nation ; yea, sir, he is cutting at the throats of
your sons and brothers, of your neighbors and
ftiends; he is with mad desperation seeking to
destroy the beautiful fabric of this nation, and to
quench in our blood the fires of republican liberty
which have burned so long, a beacon light to other
nations, and the hope of the world. Ail this he
is trying to do that he may erect a slave empire
instead; and yet men who falsely call themselves
patriots and Onion men. are unwilling to let slavery
go.
Mr. Speaker, I am not afraid of " miscegena-
tion." If my colleague over the way is afraid of
it, if he requires the restraining influences of a
penal statute to keep liim and Ins party from run-
ning into miscegenation, I will willingly vote lt to
them. But we do not want it; we do not practice
miscegenation; we do not belong to that school;
that is a Democratic institution; that goes hand in
hand with slavery. Why, sir, some of the very-
best blood of the Democracy of Virginia may be
found in the contraband village at Arlington to-
day; the blood of the Masons, the Hunters, the
Garnetts, the Cartels, and the Haxalls; their lineal
though natural descendants are among the con-
trabands. . ,
I said I thank God that this nation at last has
recognized the manhood of the negro, lt diutliat
when it put on him the uniform of a soldier ot
the Republic, and put him into the field to defend
the country. His rights and his mamiood were
recognized, and nobly does he vindicate himself.
Sir, I know something of the good iaith, of the
reliability and nobility of the negroes, and of the
faithfulness with which they assnst us. Ine
