1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
ous proportions to which it grew, for slavery en-
couraged and exalted it as the necessary bulwark
of its own existence. Hence m the southern
States this doctrine of State sovereignty has for
the last thirty years been a favorite idea, and has
come to be a principle so generally believed in
that the people of those States have.not hesitated
to cast off their allegiance as they would a worn-
out garment, and at the command of a few po-
litical demagogues to precipitate the country into
the horrois of the present civil war.
The growth of this idea in the southern States
kept pace with the rapid corruption of the public
sentiment upon the subjectof slavery. As slavery
was at first humble, then apologetic, then respect-
able, then justifiable, then necessary, then a bless-
ing, then divinely appointed,then ambitious, then
aggressive, then domineering, then insulting, then
rebellious, so the doctiine of State sovereignty
was at first a political theory, then an active prin-
ciple. then a political dogma, then a party war-cry,
then a conspiracy against the^Government, then a
usurping power, then an armed rebel and public
enemy. As slavery impaired the moral sense of
the people so State sovereignty corrupted their
political faith; and their combined influences* de-
stroyed then* loyalty to their country and diove
them into the desperate war which they now
wage against it. Both evils must be forever ex-
.irputed before the country can enter n^ain upon
a career of peimanent peace and prosperity. The
bill now before the House, while it aims to extin-
guish forever one cause of the existing rebellion,
has fin its chief object, as t understand it, the
vindication of the national authouty and the as-
smtion of its perpetual sovereignty; and for this
icason should command ihe supportof every man
who believes in human liberty and desires that
his cluidien should not be left without a country,
without a Government, without a futuie. ■>
The extraordinary subserviency of the Demo-
cratic paity of the North to the pro-slavery doc-
trines of the South, and the controlling power
which the lepresentatives of the latter obtained
over the Conner—a power winch was a reproach
to ftee labor and a scandal to the piinciplesof
democratic Goveinment—were mainly attribu-
table to tlu- assiduity with which southern politi-
cal, j pi opagated this desti uetive doctrine of State
sovereignty, and its final adoption by the Demo-
<m „:ie party Having committed itself to this fatal
he  e^y, i: followed blindly the path of its sout het n
leac!ei s until in the beginning of the year 1861 its
nouiiein adheieius found themselves standing
upon the edge of rebellion and civil war, and invited
hy those who had led them thither to descend into
its fu.i y gulf. The deceived and betiayed masses
who hail followed its fortunes in the North drew
hack wall horror and declared their detei initiation
to maintain the integiity of their country at all
hazards; but even then, in that hour of supreme
agony in which the destinies of the country trem-
i)kd in the balances of" fate, the recreant voice of
their Picsident was heard reasseitmg this false
doeirme amid the recent rum which it hau made,
urd decLumg that the Constitution confened no
power upon the Government to coerce "asovei-
eign State."
Sir, no jiowcr of language at my command can
filly desciibe the great treacheiy which was then
eeinniitted against the American people, and I for-
be,ir, t\>r the man, although he still moves among
living men, has really passed away. Dante, in
liis joimsey through hell, relates that as he passed
through that dismal region, in which he beheld trai-
tois hozeiiup in swathes of ice, their eyes in-
ciustedwith theirfiozeii teaisas m a crystal visor,
he met the friar Alberigo. " What!" exclaimed
Dante, " ai t thou no longer,then, among the liv-
nig?" ''Perhaps I appear to be," answered the
filar, " foi the moment any one commits a treach-
ery like mine his sou! gives up ins body to a demon
who thenceforward inhabits it in the man's like-
news. Thou knowt-st Branca Doria who mur-
dej; d hi-3 fa the i-in-law, Zanche? He seems to he
walking the earth still, and yet he has been in this
plcue many years." " Impossible '"cried Dante;
<£ Btanca Dona is still alive; he eats, drinks, and
s!e"ps like any other man." " 1 tell thee,"re-
turned the friar, " that the soul of the man he slew
had not reached that lake of boiling pitch in which
thnu sawest him ere the soul of his slayer was in
this place, and his body occupied by a demon in
its stead."
The loyal people of the North of all parties re-
jected with scorn the proposition that the Gov-
ernment of the United States had no power to
compel obedience to its laws, and to preserve it-
self from disintegration and destruction. The
answer of the people was like the roar of many
waters, revealing the fact that the instinct of na-
tionality was as deeply seated in the hearts of the
American people as that of life and self-preserva-
tion in the bosom of human nature. The doctrine
of State supremacy, culminating as itdid in trea-
son and rebellion, was exhibited in all its mon-
strous deformity, and people who had watched
its tendencies and reflected upon its' disastrous
consequences began to, hope that from the Noith
at least it had disappeared forever. But as the
war progressed, and.party spirit, freed from the
temporary paralysis which it had suffered, began
again to display itself, with it reappeared the old
enemy of our national existence, and this perni-
cious doctrine is now, and for the last two years
has been, the chief weapon in the hands of the
party opposed to the Administration with which
it cames on its opposition to the measures which
are necessary for Unsuccessful prosecution of the
war.
This was their principal argument against the
conscription law; and I cannot better illustrate
the subject than by a brief reference to it. Their
desire to make use of their favorite dogma of
State sovereignty against that measure led them
into thegieatestabsurditics. No proposition can
be plainer than this, that every citizen owes mil-
itaiy service to his country, if it be necessary to
defend it against foreign invasion or internal re-
bellion. Fioiu the times in which the Roman
consul or pi actor was accustomed every year to
assemble in the Campus Martius all the citizens
who were bound to participate in the formation
of the four legions which they annually raised,
down to the present time, this<fwinciple has been
held by every organized political society. The
works of Montesquieu, Puffendorf, Grotius,
Locke, Vattel, and all the writeison Government
peifectly attest it. Indeed no nation can perma-
nently exist without it. Carthage alone among an-
cient States disregaided it,relying for support upon
levies'drawn from Africa, Spam,Gaul,&c. The
penalty she paid for it was, as'every school-boy
knows, the loss of her iibei ty and her existence.
The duty of personal military service by the citi-
zen to the State is recognized by the constitution
of almost every State in this Union. The raising
of armies by compuhsoiy draft was a thing pei-
fectiy well known m the history of the seveial
States ami of the Revolution. Ihe plan ofGen-
eial Knox, Secretary of War, submitted to Con-
gress by General Washington in January, 1790,
contemplated as liable to service all persons be-
tween the ages of eighteen and sixty; and stated
explicitly that." every man of the pioperageand
ability ofbody isfiimiy bound by the socialconi-
pact to pei form personally his propoi tion of mtl-
itaiy duty for the defense of the .State." (7 Niles's
Register, p. 296 ) Lleie is a contempoianeous
construction of ihe Constitution adopu d by Gen-
eiai Knox, and approved by General Washing-
ton.
Rhode Island was the last State which ratified
the Constitution. On the 29ih May, 1790, their
convention proposal certain amendments to the
Constitution, one of which was as follows;
• No pi'i-on s l)al! be compelled to do nnlnan duty oilier- }
w«v niilli by vuluntaiy enlistment except ia l.im-s ufgeu- {
era! nivivsion, anything in Hi" vccDtuf or' tiif j
<m!i artiele of theCon^ututioji, oi any law made undei the I
('oii-ntution, to the eontnny notu lUistamimg.''—JCUol y i
Debate-. 3'i 1. j
A n oi In r con tempo raucous ex position, the force j
of which cannot be depreciated. On the 17«.h [
October, 1814, Mr. Momoe, then Secretary of !
War, with the approbation of Mr. Madison, pro- ;
posed to Congitss a plan for a compuisoiydraft,
(7 Niles's Register, 137,) which no doubt would
have been adopted anu tamed into effect had not
peace soon ensued theieafter.
Indeed, I believe tiieie is but one American doc-
umentwlnch can beciied as auiiiouiy agaui&t the
power of Congress to compel nxiiuai y sn vice by
adrafi; and that is the lesolutiou of the Hart-
foi d Con ve«> tion in 1815. (7 Niles's Register,307.)
Yet, in the face of history, in the face of the ex-
press grant uf power m the Constitution, and of
the construction, both contempoianeous and sub-
sequent, of that grant, and in the face of the sol-
j emu decision o( the Supremc.Co.urtoftbo United
; States in Gibbons vs Qgden, (S.Wheaton, 196t)
that all the powers rested by the Co.ristitut^orijin
Congress are complete in themselves,.
be exercised to th£irutmostexteM,ah<3 ih,at there
are no limitations upon them except such as are
prescribed in the 'Constitution,'have heard
gentlemen upon the other side of this House,.day
after day, denouncing the draft as an'ihyasjpfi
of State sovereignty. Are they is: di?aQ.f.ofthe
history, of their own country; £n<T<?f its public
men ? If not, they must bepsykrethai Mr. Cal-
houn himself—to them kaud ig"ao6iiflnoi?ien—ad-
vocated the proposition that Congress 'should
raise an army by a draft, expressing his views
upon that subject in his speech in"tbe .House* of
'Representatives January '31, 1S16, on tKe.mo^ion
to repeal the direct tax, as follows: * ?
"Although militia freshly drawn from their homes may
in $ moment of enthusiasm do great service,as atNew Or-
leans, yet iu gerieial they are not calculated for service in
the field until time is allowed them to acquire habit* ol
discipline and subordination. On land your def*me <ni$ht
to depend on a regular draft fro pi the body of tile people.
You will liuis.in time of war dispense with the b«i!iiuew
of recruiting, a mode of defending the country every way
uncongenial with our republican institutions. 1 "know
that J utiei truths unpleasant t*  those who wish to eujioy
ljbeity without making the efforts necessary to secure it.
Her favor h never won by the cowardly, the vicious, or In-
dolent."— Calhoun's Works^ vol. 2, p. 146.
Some of the most violent of the denunciations
of that measure have come from gentlemen upon
the other side of the House from the State of New
York, commencing with the gentleman Trom the
fifth district of that State, fMr. Fernando V^oqi?,]
who stigmatized the war for the preservation ol
the Union as a "hellish crusade of blood and
famine," and ending; with the gentleman from the
thirteenth district, [Mr. Steele,] who in his re-
cent speech upon the national currency bill made
the measure referred to the subject of fresh attack,
denouncing it as odious, unnecessary, and op-
pressive,and as calculated to subvert the liberties
of the people, and centralize power in the General
Government.
Have these gentlemen forgotten the history of
their own State? If they have not* they must re-
member that the first constitution of New York,
made in 1777, declared " that it is the duty of
every man who enjoys the protection of society to
be prepared and willing to defend it." They must
also remember that during the second war of in-
dependence, Mr. Van Buren intioduced into tho
Senate of that State a bill to raise twelve thou-
sand men by drafting, to be placed in the service
of the United States, wlfich after being amended
became a law on the 24th October, 1814. It was
stigmatized as a conscription bill by the oppo-
sition of that day, but it was approved by Gov-
ernor Tompkins—who was twice elected Vice
President of the United States—and sustained hy
the judges of the Supreme Court. Nor can 1 sup-
pose them to be ignorant of the fact that the laws
of the State of New York expressly recognize
the constitutional right of the national Govern-
ment to raise an aimy by a diaft; the «ct of
> 1854, passed before the war, enacting that "all
able-bodied white male citizens between,the ages
of eighteen and forty-five years, residing in this
Suiti, not exempted by'the laws of the United Slates,
shall he subject to military duty," (Act 1S54, ch.
398, tit. 1, see. 1,1 Rev. Stat., 715,) and the same
act lecpniing the assessors to include in their as-
sessment io]is the names of all persons between
the ages of eighteen and forty-five years " liable
to bt enrolled byjhe laws of the United States," {Ii).9
723,) and the same act yet more plainly declaring
that '* whenever tho President of the United States
or the Commander-in-Chief shall order a draft
fiom the militia for the public seivice, such draft
shall be made in the following manner," which
manner is then expressed. (1 New York Rev.
Statutes, 744.)
But, Mr. Speaker, 1 must beg pardon of the
House for this digression in repaid to the con-
s-:iiplion law. My object in it has been tu show
(he enois and absuidities into which men are
diiven by this phantom of State sovereign ty. It-
might be lilustiated by reference to the opposition
which has bten made, to other measures of great
importance, especially hy that made to the na-
tional currency bill, which many intelligent gen-
tlemen upon this side of the House refused to sup-
port unless the capital of the national banks should
be subjected to State taxation, which, to say noth-
