CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
sail Use chief of Mr". Chase in ordei'thatthey may
elevate him to power. This Administration must
stand or fall as a unit; and if its friends assail the
structure in order that they may profit by it, I
tiunk it is the duty of ail the friends of the Ad-
min istration to rally to the support of the Pres-
ident and his Cabinet, and to sustain the country
in this hour of peril and disaster.
I have not risen here to speak for Mr. Lincoln
or to speak.against Mr. Chase; but I have risen
to utter my protest against the action of those
members of the party which placed Mr. Lincoln
in power who appear to desire the destruction of
the party itself and the Administration, in order
tiiat they may pick out this or that particular
frieiwl andelevatehim to some position of dignity
er honor.
Mr. POMEEOY. I do not deem it necessary
to make any reply, as the Senator from Minne-
sota [Mr. Wilkinson] admits that he does not
know whether there was any truth in the charge
referred to by him. It will be timgonough to reply
to such a charge when he ascertains that there is
any truth in it.
-Mr. WILSON. I hope that the question asked
by the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] " What
has become of the bill;" will be the question that
we shall all ask each other. We have a bill pend-
ing here to increase the pay of someone hundred
aiid ten oi^one hundred and fifteen colored regi-
ttieiits—eighty thousand men. It is a very import-
ant bill, and I am anxious to have a vote upon it
to-day. If Senators, especially on this side of
the Chamber, desire to discuss the presidential
question, as it must be a very profitable one at this
time, I hope they will postpone it to some more
convenient season and onsomeotherblll. I want
to get a vote, if possible, on this bill now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sherman
in the chair.) The question before the £junnt is
«ii the amendmentof the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr.Davis,] to add a new section to the pending
bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of the
section.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
JJinl he it further cnacled, That every slave or slaves that
may have bocn heretolore or may horealter betaken into
IhoNcrvice of the IJitiinl Elates, the loyal owner or owncid
of wueh slave ot slaves s-hall be eniilied 10 their Ian ami
reasonable value, to be ascertained Uj Hirer comnn,Lionel*
tft appointed by the United States dUtiiet nmit lor ilio
(JtaUicl fiom which such *lavc or fdaven may have been
taken, and such commissioners hhall take evidence and ic-
port on the points oft he loyalty and ownership of the claim
tints, JUifl the vnlue officii slave ot slave*, and when said
report i* eonfinried by the district eomt aforesaid, it shall
be conclusive on th<* points embraced by it; and on the
presentation of an authenticated copy oi'Vaid report to ihe
Treasury Dcpailinent, any mi in or mi'hm then-m appealing
tobttdue any loyal owner or owners shall he paid out oi
ttt y money In tint TieaMiry not oihmwise appiopnated.
Mr, LANE, of Kansas. Air, Ih evident, my
colleague bus presented himself to-day hefotethe
country  s the peculiar advocate and lender of
radicalism. There was a question a few months
ago that assumed a national character, in which
the radicals of the United States took a deep in-
terest,and in which they differed with the Presi-
dent of tho United States. 1 allude lo the icmoval
of General Sehofield from the command of the
Missouri department. So important did the rad-
ical element ofrthe country deem u that they sent
from Missouflrand Kansas a delegation of will-
nigh one hundred prominent citizens, all partaking
of radical opinions. The movements of that del-
egation had the sympathy of the entire radical
party of the Union, of the council that met at
Cleveland, and of the council of the Loyal League
that met in this city, I think only about two
months since. 1 desire to ask, for the benefit of
the radical party of the nation, if my colleague
was not at that time, on that vital question, di-
rectly m opposition to the radical party, and
whether he was not opposed and did not use his
 enatoiial and personal influence to prevent the
removal of General Sehofield from the command
of the Missouri department? I think it proper,
when a gentleman stands forth as the leader of Ihe
radical party, that he should be able to point to
some evidence of his sincerity, and I now put the
question to him and ask him for a categorical an-
swer; was you or was you not opposed to the
removal of General Sehofield from the depart-
ment of Missouri ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I desire to
say to thefnenddol'iYfr, Lincoln and the friends of :
Mr. Chase—and I am the friend of both—I am so
certain of it that 1 can say italmost officially, that
each of them would rather have this bill passed
than to have his own pretensions exalted or those
of the other depreciated. I hope the Senator from
Kansas will not answer the question propounded
to him by his colleague until wc have passed this
bill. If any Senator has anything to say on this
bill I shall be very happy to hear him; but I hope
we shall let the Presidency alone for this day at
least.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall only say one word
to gratify my colleague. The head and front of
my offending, if it be any,is this: i wrotealetter
whicli i suppose Mr. Lincoln got—I intended he
should get it—stating that if he desired a radical
policy to be pursued in Missouri, General Seho-
field could doitforhim better than any other man;
because I knew that General Sehofield was acting
under direct orders from the President, and some
orders not given through the War Department;
and, as he possessed the confidence of the conserv-
ative party there, if Mr. Lincoln had a policy of
a radical kind that he desired to put through m
Missouri, he was the man to do it.
Mr. GRIMES. When I camehere three months
ago, I was very anxious that one of the first meas-
uies passed by Congress should be the bill now
under consideration, and I used all the influence
I could, both in the Senate and out of it, to se-
cure its immediate consideration. That was one
of the reasons why I opposed the tacking on of
amendments to the original bill as it was intro-
duced by the Senator from Massachusetts, because
I believed it was necessary that it should pass in
order to do justice to a large body of men m the
public employment. Now, let me say to our
friends here that on this question i believe we are
all agreed, that theio is a necessity for the imme-
diate passage of this bill, and that we are doing a
great deal of injustice by refusing to pass it. I
therefore ask Senators to let us go on with the
consideration of this bill, and then, if they desire
to enter into apolitical discussion on any subse-
quent tlay, they can have my full assent. In order
to show the Senate what are the necessities for its
immediate passage, not only in relation to the
troops which have been alluded to by the Sena-
tors from Massachusetts on afoimer occasion,
but in relation to ihe troops in the Western de-
partment, I desire to read an extract from a letter
fi mil a very intelligent young officer, a young man
whom I have known fiom his childhood, who is
a captain in the fnst Alabama coloied regiment,
lie says:
"■.My experience with these regiment* convinces me that
they will nialvO the Iie^t soldier in the woild it piopeily
heated Hut I hey will never eotne np tit th.it sfandaid ol
poi lection wlule the dit-lme turn ahovc alluded Jo is unide."
That is, the distinction in regard to pay.
u They feel it, and undei uand it as well a* any soldiers.
They talk a^ intelligently about the inatiei as we do. Our
t'efiUii'Mit has been m the son ice mm mouths. It did .ill
the fatigue duty at the po-t ot Coi mth while there, ami lias
been doing fjiand iiu.ud dutv -nice the 1m d.t> ol Julv ot la^i
year. At in ft wo weio allowed hut it small poitton ot the
picket )tiic.
u In November the Jn>t Alabama and fii-l Tennessee col-
ored troops held Corinth and twent) mile* of the Mem-
phi.-. and ('haili-toii laihond, includim/ fmu of it- mo-t
wupoitant budi?"^. and it was univt )-.iil\ conceded that
out hoop, did bettei guaid duty and t omtniUed fewer di p-
tvdatious than an\ oihei>. When <Mdeie<j in Urneiai Sher-
man to eva< uatt Connth, we biou^l.i otr-<aic)y ;ill the (Juv
eminent piopertv, im-huhmr ilaileck\ iiiiiiiciim' sie^e ham,
thotnjh menaced ot  the ra,-t by iioddv and on the south-
west, by i'oin'M. The %.i<«i amount oi iau«ue dur\ lequued
of these raiment' \vt at- out a  it at deal oi t loiinntr Tim -
tv-si K doliai •? will not sultie<\ Some ol'otn men have already
diawn, including overcoat-.uul blankeK JiMv oi si\t\ did
hus' wonh of clothing. It will lequiie a Moppauo oi tour
month.''paj to settle loi tlii--tuplu-. InJanuan wewvie
oidereti hv the colonel to diaw die^ coat-> foi our com-
panies, Willi the a-*tuanee tliat the u aire- of oui nn ti n ould
he ineed irom the hojrmnmg <>t the year We were thus
led to mem an extia expense o! ^'700 per company.
'* We are teaching oui men to re.id and wnte. Hundred*
of ih< m an: leading ami ,-eoicn ot them -uin the pa> -tolls
in a !au and legible liaiui. Sonn* of our -ci^eant- aie tree
men Doni the Notth ami yood heholai.-, yi t they only ic-
colve 6i vcv. dollars p"r month, the same a> the pti\ at<^.
u If something ).- not done lot u-"ioii ihe otlleei- ot tiie-e
legirneuti) w ill be tinned. The.-e clothing hiiis innU Ic set-
tled.
v-Al! the picket duty mound Memphi- is now done by
eoluied Hoops, the (11-1 Alabama and tii.-i and >ecotuj Ten-
ne^e*'. Seven otlkei-^aini lteailj thiee hundred men of
rhe lit-st Alabama are on duty eveiv da}-. The picker line
of our rugimeut hvn miles long. \V« relieved a whole
hri^.ule ot white tll>ops.•, '
This is the condition of the troops in that sect ion |
of country. I think no stronger argument could !
be urged in favor of the passage of this bill than
the mere statements that this letter contains, writ-
ten by a young man, as I said before, whom I
have known from his boyhood, and one of the
most intelligent and pure young men I ever knew.
I trust, Mr. President, that wc shall have no more
of this discussion, and that we shall proceed with
the consideration of the bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, I re-
ceive the suggestion of" the Senator from Rhode
Island kindly. I am as anxious to pass this bill
as the Senator from Rhode island or any other
Senator, but I deem the unity of the loyal men
of the country more important than the passage
of any bill, and believing, as I do, that there bus
been an attempt in this Senate, a systematic at-
tempt, to inaugurate an effort, dictatorial, if you
please, emanating not from the people of the
country, but from a political clique in the city of
Washington, having for its object a division of
the loyal people of the country, I feel that 1 am in
the discharge of my duty to my country when I
expose the effort and the parties engaged in the
inglorious effort.
It is true, sir, that my colleague filed a protest
in writing in the hands of the President of the
United States against the removal ofGeneial Seho-
field; that he did commit himself in writing against
the removal of General Sehofield from command
in Missouri, and that it was the efforts of htm and
others like him that caused the President of the
United States to hesitate as long as he did in the
removal of General Sehofield from the command
of the department of Missouii. I feel that I have
here as elsewhere a right to speak as a member of
the original radical Union party of this country.
Consistent as the earth to the sun has been my
course in the advocacy of original radical Union
sentiments, and when I see an effort made to di-
vide tho loyal party of the country against him
who, in my opinion, is the consistent, stern, and
ptoper leader of that patty, Abraham Lincoln,
President of the United States, 1 will here or else-
where endeavor to expose the effort, let it come
from whom it may.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall have to correct my
colleague in one thing. I never filed any protest
against General Sehofield \s removal with the Pres-
ident of the United States or any bod y else. I did
write a letter to a Secretary of his, presuming that
he would show it to the President, the purport of
which was that having been through the western
country, and having seen the difficulties there,
1 thought if he desired a radical, strong policy in
Missouri General Sehofield was his man, because
he could do what nobody else could do. I did
write such a letter to the President's Secretary,
and I ptesume he saw it. Beyond that 1 wrote
nothing to the President on the subject.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. We asked the re-
moval of General Sehofield because he was not
n radical. My colleague asked that he be retained
because he was a radical, and therefore Mr. Lin-
coln hesitated. While 1 am up I desire to answer
a suggestion made by the now Chairman [Mr.
Sherman] yesterday, that General Curtis was re-
moved because he was a radical. The Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] unintentionally did
Mr. Lincoln gteat*injustice in that remark. Gen-
eral Curtis was not removed because he was a
radical. The President of the United States saw
that there was a difficulty, a political difficulty,
between General Curtis and Governor Gamhlf*,
which he could not reconcile. He had not the
power to remove Governor Gamble, and there-
fore was compelled to remove General Curtis.
^ Fhe PilESIOJ NG OFFICER, (Mr. Siiermav.)
The question is on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.]
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Mr, President, 1 desire to
say a word on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Kentucky. The Senator from Ken-
tucky in his amendment seems to assume that the
action of Congress has violated the Constitution
oi the United States, inasmuch as by the law as it
now stands Congress has assumed to pay to the
loyal piaster a ceitain sum of money when his
slave isdtafted into the service. Now, Mr. Presi-
dent, without going into the discussion of the
question winch has been so often discussed on this
floor, whether there can be any such thing as
property in man, 1 will simply state my own
opinion. The Constitution of the United States
recognizes no more property in a slave than it
