1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
recognizes in a child under twenty-one years of
age, or in an apprentice who may be bound to
serve his master until twenty-one years of age at
any trade or any service. It does acknowledge,
however, that by the laws of certain States cer-
tain persons may be held to'service; but there is
nothing: in the Constitution which prevents this
Government, whenever it desires the physical
force of the country to be called into its services
from calling for the service of all persons, black or
white; there is nothing in the Constitution winch
prevents our drafting a black man as soon as we
can draft a white man into the service; of taking
the slaveofthehonorableSenator from Kentucky
just as soon as taking my son under twenty-ofie
years of age.
But, sir, that is not the point that I desire todis-
cuss. The point which he raises is as to what is
"just compensation;" and going upon his own
ground, even if the Constitution did recognize
slaves in some sense to be property, still there is
no violation of the Constitution of the United
States. We may take private property for public
use upon just compensation. The gentleman does
not'deny that; and I say Congress may judge of
the value of that property. If we desire a piece
of ground orj which to build a fort, we can send
our committee to look at it, they can see it, view
it for themselves, appraise its value, report to
Congress, Congress can pass a law to pay a certain
amount of money for that property, and then take
the property. Certainly they can.
Mr. President, I rose simply to say this. It is
an answer to the whole argument of the gentle-
man which lasted nearly two days, and m my
opinion a conclusive one. It is not necessary that
the value should be appraised by a court; it is not
necessary that it should be appraised by a judi-
cial tribunal. Congress may appoint any com-
mission to appraise it; they can send their own
committee to appraise it; Congress may go in a
body and view the property and appraise it for
themselves. The whole constitutional provision
is that the value of the property shall be paid for.
Beyond this Congress can judge of the value of
this property fiom what is transpiring all around
us, when in Maryland, in Missouri, in Tennessee,
ail around in Kentucky, it is conceded on all
hands, and by the leading men in all those States,
that this species of property has become value-
less, if property it be at all, by the necessary
result of the war.
Mr. President, I do not wish to take up the
time of the Senate to discuss this question at
length; and I say to my honorable friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] that I do not rise
for the purpose of embarrassing the passage of
any bills nor to take up the time of the Senate, but
1 thought that the longspeech of the Sonatorfrom
Kentucky on this constitutional question required
a simple notice at least at my hands.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no doubt that in the esti-
mate of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin
he in his few words has demolished the whole of
my speech; but I do not place that amount of
value on the position which the honorable Senator
has assumed. I deny that Congress has any power
to assess tiie value of property taken for public
use. I say that that is altogether an unsound
position. I admit that Congress may institute a
commission to appraise property; it may direct
this to be dope by a court or by a commission;
but I deny that the legislative branch of the Gov-
ernment can do thatact itself. It is an act of a ju-
dicial character, and any court or any commission
organized by Congress to assess the value of prop-
erty would be a quasi judicial tribunal and would
be in the execution of a judicial act, not a legis-
lative act, and therefore the legislative branch of
the Government having exclusively legislative
power has no right whatever to assess the value
ofpioperty token from its owner for the public
use. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on the amend-
ment.
The yno<? and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise for the purpose of say-
ing a very few words. I understood the Senator
fiom Kentucky yesterday as saying that he
thought a proposition which I had endeavored to
maintain some time since in relation to the eman-
cipation of slaves when taken into the service of
the Unilrd .States was not wtll founded, iloun-
derstood me as saving that the slave, the moment
he bcecimc a soldier at the instance of the United
States, was emancipated. I did not mean to say
so, and do not think I did say so. What I said
or what I meant to say was that if the United
States took into their military service a slave,the
slave would have, as against the United States, a
right to freedom, which it yould be very dis-
honorable on the part of the United States to
refuse. Whether going into the service of the
United States in that way of itself operated to
emancipate the slave is quite another question.
Now a word on the point suggested by the
Senator from Wisconsin to the honorable mem-
ber from Kentucky. I differ altogether from the
proposition which he has stated and endeavored
to maintain. I understand him as saying that
under the Constitution the United States can take
the property of a private citizen for public use
and themselves fix its value; that Congress can
do it with or without a commission.
That has never been my impression. The United
States become the purchasers of the property
through Congress; Congress are the agents in
determining whether property is to be appropri-
ated for public use; but what is to be paid for the
property is always a question in its nature judi-
cial, on which both sides are to be heard. It is
impossible in the nature of things that Congress
can decide that question in a case of this descrip-
tion understandingly or justly. The value of a
slave is not to be ascertained by ascertaining
what is the value of slave property in the general;
it depends upon the condition of the particular
slave who is to be taken. Is he a man? is the
slave a woman? is the slave young and healthy,
or young and unhealthy, or old and unhealthy?
And just in proportion as the slave may be phys-
ically or mentally unfit for the particular service
that his master may be using him for, just in that
proportion is he less or more valuable to the mas-
ter. How then can Congress say that they will
pay for all the negroes that may he taken into the
service $300 each ? By doing so they may pay to
one man more than his negro is worth, and pay
to another man a great deal less than his negro
is worth.
In a word, Mr. President, the question itself is
a question which applies itself exclusively to each
individual slave taken, and must depend for its
proper solution upon testimony to be received in
relation to the value of that particular slave. If
Congress are the judges of what should be given
for private property taken for public use, their
judgment is conclusive, and the provision in the
Constitution which says that it shall not be done
except upon just compensation, is entirely useless;
Congress would have done that without that pro-
vision. The provision is intended to tie up the
hands of Congress against deciding for itself
whether property is to be taken with or without
compensation for public use, and they placed the
provision in for the purpose of giving to the individ-
ual, as against the Government, the right to have
the value of his property ascertain ad, not by Con-
gress, but by a tribunal constituted for that pur-
po.se.
Mr. POWELL. It is not my purpose to go at
any length into this debate, and yet I cannot al- j
low the vote to be taken without saying a word. :j
The honaroble Senator from Wisconsin says that 1i
the law which has been passed, allowing not more 'I
than §300 to be paid for a slave enlisting m the
Army, provides just compensation withm the ;;
meaning of the Constitution. I will read that 1
clause of the Constitution: jj
k< No person phall bu" * * * * u dcpnved of I'
life, liht'ity, or ptopeify without due piocess of liuv; nor ij
shall puvate property be taken (or public use without just J
compensation/* j;
If you take a slave, who is property, from the ■
roaster, and devote him to the public seivice, you
certainly deprive the master of lus pioperty. The
honorable Senator from Wisconsin says that the
legislative department has a right to tlx the value
of that property thus taken, ynd that what we :
hove done in that direction i& a compliance with
this clause of the Constitution. I hold that the ;j
Senator is utterly mistaken. You cannot have |
any tiibunal, whether it be a court or a conimis- ;
sion, to assess the value of propeity tak"it, un-
less that tribunal is judicial m us nature. The
legislative department m.iy prescisbe the nunlo
ami the manuei n, which the compensation kImM
be adjusted, may indicate the persons who are to
make the assessment of \ahte, and may create .
the fund out of which the money shall be paid?
but that is all the legislative department can dol
The ascertainment of the real value is a judicial
question.
The honorable Senator speaks of what he says
is the necessary depreciation of this kind of prop-
erty. I do not consider that the depreciation is
necessary. It has resulted frpm the wanton acts
of those in power against this particular species
of property. I will not, however, now discuss
that branch of the question. The section of the.bTU
heretofore passed respecting enrollment, which
has been alluded to, says that the loyal owners
of slaves shall be paid, but in no case is the price
to exceed $>300 where the slave voluniarily enlists.
The Constitution says the compensation for prop-
erty taken shall be "just." Is that just compen-
sation, when the property is worth perhapstHr^e
times the amount? In the case of those slaves
who are drafted you allow but $ 100; that is the
maximum. Is not the slave who is drafted worth
as much to his master as the slave who volun-
teers? Why this distinction in value? The very
fact shows clearly that the Senator is mistaken.,
and that it is not "just compensation" within the
meaning of the Constitution. If the two slaves
were equal in years, equal incapacity to perform
labor in every respect, I venture to say there is
no owner that would not prefer the one whow$s
so attached to him that he had to be forced into
the service rather than the one who voluntarily
left him to become a soldier; and yet your law
says that $100 shall be the compensation allowed
in the one case, and §300 in the other.
Mr. President, it is a, mockery to say that that
provision of the bill already passed is in accord-
ance with the provision of the Constitution which
I have read. If you were to pass a law saying
that all the horses in the State of Wisconsin, ox
as many of them as the Government might need,
should be impressed and taken into the public ser-
vice, and were to provide that each loyal owner
of ahorse should be paid, but that the amount
paid should in no case exceed fifty dollars, I ask
the honorable Senator if he would think that pro-
vision would meet the demands of the Constitu-
tion? Certainly not. Doubtless many of those
horses are worth three times fifty dollars; and yet
by your law you would limit the price to fifty
dollars. Would any man who had any preten-
sions to justice or equity or honesty say that was
just compensation? Certainly not. ltcould not
be so declared.
Mr. President, the amendment proposed by my
colleague is eminentlyproper, itis right, it is con-
stitutional, and unless the object be to rob the
loyal slaveholders of their property, it or some
similar proposition should be adopted. If the de-
preciation were even greater than the Senator from
Wisconsin says, the slaveholder would get less
and the Government would pay less under the
provisions of the*amendment. The amendment
indicates the tribunal that shall sit in judgmenton
this matter and that shall fix the just value in each
ease, and provides that the Government shall pay
it. That, certainly, is right, it is equitable, it is
lust: in my judgment, no tair-minded man can say
that it is not so.
As I before said, it is not my purpose to argue
the question, for after the very elaborate and ex-
tensive argument made by my colleague yester-
day, I have nothing to add; but as the question
so deeply interests my constituents, I could not
allow the vote to be taken without saying what
I have said.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 6, nays 31; as foIio%ws:
YEAS—'Me=<r<. Davis. Johnson, Nesmith, Powell, Rid-
dle, and Wi mht—6.
NAYS—Mos-i? Anthony, Brown, Buekalovv, Chandler,
CMrk, ColhuiHT, Conne&s. Dixon, Doohttle. Fessenden,
Foot, ro-U't. Gnme.-. Jlntdmg, Harlan, Harris, Howard,
Lam oi I mli.ina, Lam' ot Kansas. Moicuii. MoriHl. Pome-
rov. Hanwcj, Smnnei. Ten Eyek, Van Winkle,
Wade, Wilkinson, YViiley, and Wilson—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following amendment
as an additional section:
he it further enartrJ, Thnt In every ease where here-
tofore an> per.-on hats aineed to jnm and has in fact joined,
or hoiealtei may join the mihtaiy service of the United
-md ha? been received into said service by any mil-
itnr- oiVk-'M theieof. th'' jser-on so loininjrandreeeivedinto
^uco seivice fh.ni, i«n all put posts whatever, be deemed to
li.n e b< en !v mu-.loifd into Mid service in the po-
sition < t oflieir, iion eoinnu^Moned otlioer, or piiv&te, in
