1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Are governments constituted in this manner,
thus administered and thus officered, to be re-
ceived into the bosom of the Union, unwashedof
their great crime and prepared to commence again
upon the first favorable opportunity their schemes
of disunion and civil war? Have oil the sacrifices
to which we have submitted been made for this.L,
Is it for this that our soldiers have shed thei?*
blood and given up their lives upon a hundred
battle-fields which their courage and constancy-
hove made immortal ? Is it for this that we have
submitted to foreign insult, to domestic feuds, to
domestic sorrows, to pecuniary distress anUall the
cloud of horrors through which we have passed5
History presents no example of apolitical blind-
ness and infatuation greater than that which such
a course of action would involve. The safety of
the country, its future repose, the continuance of
the Union, and the firm establishment of our po-
litical system imperatively demand that in the
reorganization of local governments in the rebel
States the foundations of such governments must
rest upon the principle of submission to the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States. This
must be the chief corner-stone of the whole struc-
ture. Any other will be but a foundation of sand,
which will again imperil the whole jabric of
American liberty.
In order to accomplish this effectually this prin-
ciple must be incorporated in their organic law
and assume the character of an authoritative dec-
laration by the people themselves. The seventh
section of the bill now before the House contains
a provision for this purpose, and is in my opinion
a necessary condition of any plan for the proposed
object. It is also necessary to guard the elective
franchise and the privilege of holding office in
those States against the intrusion and treachery
of all who have in any sense been leaders in the
present rebellion. For this purpose prudence re-
quires that all who have held office under the pre-
tended rebel government should be excluded from
these privileges. It does not, however, appear to
me to be necessary to exclude all who have held
office under the State governments. The chief
officers of those governments, such as governors
and other high officers, all of whom have been
chief actors in the rebellion and have promoted
it by every means in their power, should be ex-
cluded; but I do not believe that either necessity
or sound policy requires the exclusion of the large
number of ministerial subordinates who have par-
ticipated in the administration of local affairs, who
have not been leaders of the rebellion, and who are
willing to return to their allegiance to the United
States.
I would not increase unnecessarily these re-
strictions. I would not extend them one whit
beyond what is absolutely required, for the pub-
lic safety. I for one am willing to extend to the
people of those States, upon their returning to
their allegiance, every benefit and of restoring to
them every right which is consistent with the
permanent reestablishmentof theauthority of the
United States. It is our duty, in my opinion, to
make the path to tins object as easy as possible.
Any such path, containing the necessary condi-
tions for this purpose, wilt to most of them ap-
pear at first rugged and humiliating. This is the
necessary result of their failure to overthrow the
Government of the United States. But it would
appear to me to be wise anil just and humane
and politic to place 110 unnecessary difficulties or
obstacles in the way of an early and complete
pacification of the whole country. For these
reasons I would prefer to see some modifications
of this feature of the seventh section of the bill.
I believe that every essential purpose would be
answered by excluding from office and the elective
franchise all officers of the pretended confederacy,
and such high officers of State, under the loca.
governments, as have been chiefly instrumental
m aiding and abetting the rebellion. Toallother
classes ot'the free male white population of these
States I would confidently surrender the privi-
leges of the elective franchise and the same rights
of citizenship which we ourselves enjoy, upon
their laying down their arms and returning to
their true allegiance. Nothing, I believe, could
be further from the wishes of the people of the
United States than to deprive the masses of the
southern people, who are willing to return to
their allegiance to the Government of their fathers,
of one solitary right which they themselves enjoy..
The compulsory repudiation of the rebel debt,
by which I mean all debts of the pretended con-
federate States and State debts contracted solely
for the prosecution of the war against the United
States, is a measure which, in my opinion, is de-
manded on the part of the United States, if suc-
cessful in the present struggle, not only by a just
self-respect, and as a proper and necessary vin-
dication of its own sovereignty, but in order that
it may remain a lasting monument of the wick-
edness and folly of the present rebellion. It is
also a just and merited punishment to be inflicted
upon those who have lent substantial aid to the
rebellion; and it has the further merit that it
reaches with its retributive justice those foreign
speculators in our sufferings who, at a safe dis-
tance, have wickedly connived at, encouraged,
and aided in the attempt to break in pieces our
nationality and to destroy our free institutions.
This feature of the bill meets with my entire ap-
proval. I would, not, however, in doing this un-
settle any State debt which may have been con-,
tracted for the purpose only of carrying on the
civil affairs of the State, and which had not for
its object the prosecution of the war or the strength-
ening of the pretended confederacy. I would
therefore prefer to see the third condition speci-
fied in the seventh section of the bill so modified
that it should declare that no debt of the pre-
tended confederate States, and no debt contracted
by the State for the purpose of prosecuting the;
war against the United States or of giving aid to
its enemies, shall be recognized or paid by.the
State.
That slavery must, as a necessary consequence
of this war, forever disappear from the Ameucan
Republic I believe to be a conclusion long since
reached by a large majority of the loyal people,
of the United States. So far as relates to the
border States, which have nobly stood by their
allegiance to the national Government, 1 am not
in favor of any interference with it, because un-
der our present Constitution we have no such
right of interference, and honor and duty alike
require that we should refrain from such inter-
ference. I am in favor of leaving to the people
of those States the entire control and manage-
ment of this question. 1 fully believe that they
will find it for their interest and welfare at, no
great distance of time to make their institutions
in this respect correspond with those of the free
States. The recent action of the people of Mary-
land upon this subject, by which, on the 6th day
of April, they declared themselves by a large ma-
jority m favor of immediate emancipation, and
t'orever destroyed the political significance of Ma-
son and Dixon's line, gives assurance, I believe,
of what will be the ultimate action of the people
of all the border States in reference to this matter.
But however this may be, I regard it as a question
entirely for themselves; and while the Constitu-
tion remains as it is and they adhere steadfastly
to their allegiance I believe it to be our duty to
abstain from any interference except it be at thetr
own request by way of aiding them in the great
reform.
But as regards the rebel States I hold an en-
tirely different opinion; and this leads me to an-
swer the interrogatory of the honorable gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. J. C. Allen] when he
asks from whence Congress derives the power
to frame these provisions and to dictate what
shall be the character of the constitutions and
laws of those States. It is certainly a most sin-
gular and extraordinary doctrine which seems to
be held by some members of this House, includ-
ing the gentleman from Illinois, that the people
of theStates who have thrown off all the restraints
of the Constitution, who have abjured its ties,
and who have for three years waged war for the
purpose of overthrowing it, should be entitled
to demand its protection while engaged in armed
hostility to it. It is as if an alien enemy who:
has broken and trampled upon all existing treat-
ies should demand in the midst of flagrant war
their enforcement in his own favor. Sir, the peo-
ple of those States have placed themselves be-
yond the pale of the Constitution. Tliey have*
no right to appeal to one of its provisions. Tiiey
are estopped by their own acts frbm claiming the
protection of a single line in that instrument.
They haveplaced themselves toward this Govern-
ment ma stateof war, and we have a right to use
against them all powers which we might lawfully
use against any belligerent, and among those,
powers is the right to demand, if successful in ,
that war, whatever conditions this Government
may choose to impose for its own safety arjd se* .
curity hereafter. This is apart of the law to!
nations.
By what right did the allied Powers restore
Louis XVIII to the throne of Pran.ce .after ..the,
defeat of Bonaparte ? By what right.did,Sardinia,,
more recently, annex Lombardy to its itomioions,t
after the defeat of the Austrians at Solferino?, It
belongs, sir, to the successful belligerent to. dio
tate the terms of pence; and when those teem*.-
are not only consistent with humanity but im->
peratively demanded for our own security, who
shall arraign us for, demanding them ? By.the.
laws of war we have the right to emancipate the,
slaves of our enemies, and by the law of nations
we have the right to demand of a defeated belli-
gerent such changes in his own political-oopditioa.
a? are necessary for our.own protection!,, ,These,
are principles which have been declared apd aetetk
upon by all nations. They are principles, whi,ch-
liavc been substantially asserted by the Supreme,
Court of this country in its decision in t,he pfiasfc
cases. (2 Black's Rep.) They are principles,
which are now, for the first time, contravened in
argument here. Nay, they are principles which'
are acknowledged and puolicly avowed by the
rebels themselves. Yet we are told here-that the
Government of the United States has no fight to;:
impose conditions upon people who have, tak^p,;
up arms and waged relentless war against it; who
have invaded, their territory and paptured their,;
ships upon the high seas. Away with su^li soph-
is!!')' and such empty subterfuges.. The people
of the rebellious States have, in the laogu g$ o,f 
the Supreme Court, in the case to which X hays,
referred, " cast off their allegiance and.made was
on their Government, and are none the less ene-
mies because they are traitors." If they are ene*,
mies, then we have as regards them all the righ,ts.
of enemies, and among these rights none is bet-
ter established than the right, if weare victorious,
to dictate such terms as regards their future polit-
ical condition as may be necessary for our own
safety and tranquillity.
But if the gen tie ma n is re-ally anxious to fmd.lii
the Constitution an express warrant.-for our pm-
posed action he may find it not only in that clause
which declares that the United States shall gyam.
anty to every State in the Union a republican,
form of government, and shall protect each of
them against invasion, but he can draw it alsq
from that great reservoir of powers in the first
article, which gives to Congress the right toimike
all laws which shall be necessary and proper, fo®
carrying into execuUon all powers!vested by tho
Constitution in the Government of the United
States, or in any department or officer thereof;
for among those powers is apower to require the,
laws to be faithfully executed, and if the laws of
the United States cannot be faithfully executed in.
those revolted districts without these fundamental
changes m their condition, which changes we
have also by the laws of war the right tp impose,,
let the gentleman upon this grqpnd,satisfy hi«
cravings for constitutional authority,and vote foe
this measure, which is necessary, not only for.tbfli
continued and peaceful execution of
also necessary in order to preserve a perfect Union,
to establish justice, insure domestic .tranquillity/
provide for the common defense, promote the gen-i
eral welfare, and secure the, blessings of liberty*
to ourselves and our posterity.
[Here the haranjer fell.}
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move thai,
the gentleman from Pennsylvania have permisr
sion to proceed with his remarks.
The SjPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion. The gentleman from Pennsylvania wi$<
proceed.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, the voice of, the
people of the United States cannot be mistaken.
They demand of us, their Representatives,JhatthaF
institution of human slavery which has fr®mtl*&,
beginning been our national reproach, the fruitful-
source of sectional enmity and strife, theobstael«
to the development of one halfof our territory,the,
secret enemy which has for seventy years sown
our vineyard with tares and brambles, which hast
alienated brethren of the same blood, which has,
proscribed education, fomented disc<wd encour-
aged opposition to: our republican system, weak- •
