1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
 i
the earth. It alone stands between our country-
anil its future greatness, prosperity, and glory.
Let us so act to-day that its injustice, its cruel-
ties, and its bloody footprints shall speedily and
forever disappear from the soil of America.
Mr. MALLORY. I not only take issue with
the gentleman from Pennsylvania who just ad-
dressed the House, on his assertion that this is
preeminently the time to amend the Constitution,
Tout, sir, I believe the calm reason of the House,
if they would submit themselves to their calm
reason, and the calm reason of the country, will
bear me out in declaring that of all^the times, from
the foundation of the Government down to the
present moment, for taking into consideration the
Constitution, that great instrument of organic
law, for the purpose of alteration and amend-
ment, this is the most in opportune and unfit. That
instrument, sir, was given us by a band of men
the like of whom I believe has never been seen'
in this or any other country; men of wisdom un-
paralleled; men of almost moie than human wis-
dom, for I believe I shall be sustained in the dec-
laration which I now make iti the full view of
history and of the great events in which they
lived, those noble sires, when they gave us that
great instrument, spoke almost as men inspired
with wisdom from on high.
Do you tell me, when the passions of the entire
country are swayed to and fro by the civil war
now raging in our midst, when the public passion
and feeling are upheaved from their lowest depths,
that we are fit, calmly and deliberately, to acton
the woik of those great masters and say in what
particulars it should be changed? Sir, the declara-
tion is one of arrogance and presumption, against
which I offer my solemn protest. Who are the
men who are to take into consideration and pass
in review this wonderful work of those mighty
men? Where are the giants of the present day
to correct the work of the giants of the past ? Do
we see them in this Hall? I cannot see them.
Do we see them in the Senate of the United States?
That was a great body in former times. They
are not there. Are they to be found in this coun-
try, either in high official position orin the walks
of private life? If they are, I have failed to find
out where and who they are.
Sir, when you compare the pigmies who un-
dertake to trifle with the Constitution and the le-
gislation of this land upon this floor to-day with
the great men who framed and expounded that
Constitution in the earlier and better days of the
Republic, it is like comparing Hyperion to a
satyr.
Nu, Mr. Speaker, this is not the time for chang-
ing the Constitution of theUnited States. When
men return to their reason, or when reason re-
turns to men, when passion has subsided, when
this civil war pas ended, and peace spreads her
wings over this land, will be time, if there be a
necessity for it, to consider this greatsystein and
attach to it such amendments as the calm wisdom
of that day shall adjudge proper. Does the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. IhayerJ feel
that he is competent to examine and analyze and
alter and amend this great instrument? Has he
the conscious powei r
Mr. THAYER. In this particular! think that
we are all fitted.
Mr. MALLORY. In this particular! Why, sir,
in this particular* you are less fitted to act than in
anyother pellicular that can be imagined. You
cannot reason about the institution of slavery.
You cannot judge about it. You run a" muck"
whenever the question is introduced into this
Hall. No word of reason, no word of judgment,
and no word of sense scarcely falls tiom your
lips when the subject is mooted. Yet in this
particular you feci yourselves competent to do
belter than the great men who framed this Gov-
ernment have done !
The provisions of that groat instrument in re-
lation to the subject of slavery were the result
of compromise, without which this Government
never could have been fiamed. To that Constitu-
tion, with that and other compromises embraced
in it, every State in the Union gave not only an
implied but a diiecl and express assent. We
are informed by the best waters on the science
of"government, at least they have consented to
the tiutli of the aphorism, that " all government
derives its lust powers from she consent of the
o-uvemcd." Even now in this time of war, in tins
time of passion and excitement, to change the Con-
stitution oh a vital point, when eleven States are
not here to consult and act with us, and when their
assent to this altered Constitution is not expressed
and cannot be implied by any sort of forced con-
struction, and say that the^ shall be subjected to
it, is in utter violation of this great and just prin-
ciple They do not compose a foreign country and
a foreign Government, as so many on that side
of the House have asserted. They are States of
the Union yet, who have formally given their as-
sent to the Constitution which you now propose
to amend. If you change it in their absence what
right have you to declare that they shall abide
by it ? If all Governments derive their just pow-
ers from the consent of the governed, when you
have amended this Constitution what right have
you to say to those States in revolt, who are not
here to-day to engage in your deliberations, that
they are bound by that Constitution to which they
have given neither assent or dissent?
Sir, the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Thayer] urged that this amendmentis necessary;
ay, in that new language which the President of
the United States has put into their mouths, I
suppose he and his party would say indispensable
in order to preserve the peace of this country
and the integrity and perpetuity of the Govern-
ment. It is necessary, it is indispensable in order
to effect these great objects that slavery now,
when you have the power in the absence of those
States, should be stricken from existence. And
they say this is necessary because it is impossi-
ble to continue this Government of ours any
longer with slavery in it. Jit is such a disturb-
ing element that peace and slavery are incompati-
ble, and through all time, if you permit this crisis
to pass without exterminating it, you will have
this distuibing cause to produce civil war in this
country.
I deny that theory. From the commencement
of this Government down to this time—a period
of seventy-five years—slavery has existed in the
United States, and I defy the most astute man
upon that side of the House to point to a nation
that has progressed like ours in everything which
makes a nation great, prosperous, and happy, in
the same space of time. It was not until you
undertook to strike down this institution that it
became a disturbing element, and agitation to re-
strict and destroy it, commenced by the North,
and for its extension by the South, have produced
the effects from which we are now suffering. Sla-
very inconsistent with the republican liberty
which we have enjoyed under the Constitution
of the United States ' Slavery inconsistent with
peace! An irrepressible conflict between free
and slave States in the same Confederacy! _ The
absurdity of the doctrine is proved by the inex-
orable logic of history; by proof incontestable
and absolute. .
Where do those who differ most widely upon
the subject of slavery live? On the Gulf of Mex-
ico, and away up in the cold region of New Eng-
land; States not in contact; States as wide apart
almost as the poles; in SouthCarolina,fiom which
a slave rarely ever escaped, and Massachusetts,
into which one, scarcely ever fled, whose people
rarely met, and knew little of each other. But 111
the border States where 1 live, where free and
slave States come in contact, a different state of
feeling prevails. Take the immense strip of
country where this contact exists along the Ohio
river; take Kentucky on one side and Indiana on
the other; Kentucky on one side and Illinois on
the other; Virginia on one side and Ohio on the
other; Missouri on one side and Illinois on the
other, and Missouri and Iowa, and I defy any
man to point out any portion of the people of this
country who have lived in more perfect peace and
accord and harmony. The southern portion of
those free States bordering on the slave States,
alon<* the Ohio, have never objected to the insti-
tution of slavery. They have agreed withusso-
cially; they have had constant friendly inter-
course with us as neighbors; they have returned
our property, and the most friendly relations have
existed between those portions of the free States
and the slave States along the Ohio.
But when you go further north you find a peo-
ple who are constantly exciting the public mmd
by inflammatory writings and speeches, and by
everything calculated to aiouse afeehng of hatred
against the people of slave States. There is no
irrepressible conflict between the free and stavfe
States; no want of homogeneity in the people of
those States in which slavery exists and those in
which it does not exist; and there is no enmity
except that which has been engendered by tht
teachings of the enemies of our country North an4
South. An aspersion of this kind is a mere pre-
text; it has always been such, and it has nothing
to warrant it. Did not theStates which adopted
this Constitution, did notthe State which Irepre'
sent, and of which I am proud, when they gave
their consent to the Constitution of the United
States, pledge themselves that every State should
be preserved—not particularly in the light to
hold slaves, for I do not want to talk about
the matter in that limited and confined view-
but did they not pledge themselves that every
State should have the right to the unfettered con-
trol of their own domestic institutions in theif
own way? If we were disposed not to value
slavery and cared nothing about it, yet we ought
to stand in solid phalanx protesting against this
infringement which, if not rebuked, will reduce us
to abject submission and slavery. Give up our
right to have slavery if we choose, submit to
have that right wrested from us, and in what right
are we secure' One after another will be usurped
by the President and Congress, until all State
rights will be gone, and perhaps State limits ob-
literated, and a grand imperial despotism erected
on the ruins of our rights and liberties. It will
matter very little whether this is accomplished
by amendments to the Constitution, orunder the
plea of military necessity, or under the claim that
whatever is indispensable is lawful, even though
clearly in violation of the Constitution. Agamst
this consummation I will speak,and, if necessary
to prevent it, I will fight.
Kentucky, sir, protesting here on this floor,
protesting by her people, protesting through her
press, protests against amendment of the Consti-
tution at this time, and does not hold herself
bound to a Constitution that you change in spite
of her protest and in spite of the absence of those
States which would aid her in preventing that
amendment.
You say that slavery is incompatible with peace,
and fealty and allegiance tp the Constitution
dangerous to the Union. Sir, did the existence
of slavery in Kentucky, Missouri, and Mary-
land lead those States into rebellion against the
General Government? Did it induce them to fol-
low the lead of South Carolina into rebellion?
Yet slavery existed there. It exists in those
States now. llow then can you, in the face of
this proof, say thatslavery cannotexist inStates
and those States be loyal? Why persist in the
declaration that it is impossible to preserve the
Union and letslavery exist > In making this decla-
ration you give the, lie to your President and his
prime minister. Seward, in his letters to Dayton
and Adams, says, " Slavery will remain whether
the rebellion succeeds or fails." Ah, Mr. Speaker,
slavery is not properly a ground or a cause for a
dissolution of this Union, for civil war, or for
disturbance. But I am very much afraid that the
party upon the other side of the House, aided by
the present Administration of the General Gov-
ernment, may make slavery the cause for the dis-
ruption of this Union. You have changed your
whole policy in regard to the war. You have
converted it from a war to preserve the Union,
as you acknowledge and boldly declare, into a
war for the abolition of slavery, because y° ®iy
that is the only way to preserve the (Jtiion. "What
has been the effect of your course? You have
united the people of the southern States m solid
phalanx and divided the people of the North, and
alienated to a great extent the people of States
who were almostundivided atthe commencement
of the war. By your peculiar policy, the confis-
cation bill, the freedmen's bill, and now by your ,
proposed- amendment to the Constitution, you
have made the South a unit against you, wlicx-e
at the commencement of the war there was a
divided opinion.
Sir, I remember a. remarkable statement rnaue
of the great man who now heads the Administra-
tion of this Government, and whom you are try-
ing tn make your President for the next four years
on this subject. On the Sunday preceding the
dav on which the extra session of Congress was
to adjourn in 1861,1 called upon the Piesidentby
appointment in company with two of iwy col-
