1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2983
United States. Why do you not do that? You 1
assert that Bob Small and Fred. Douglass and oth-
ers are equal to white men in gallantry and intel-
ligence, and all the elements of the military leader,
and yet refuse them positions commensurate with
their asserted merit. Why is this?
Do you say in reply, " We want to use these
'officers, we want to keep in their good graces.
We will not debase them by saying that a negro
shall be their equal. Our officers are gentlemen;
they would be offended if we raise the negro to
their level or degrade them to the negro's level,
though he shall be the equal of the contemptible
scum that composes the rank and file of the
Army." That is your policy, is it?
You will not put the negro forward to share
the dangers of the white soldier. I ask you why ?
You say that he is a good soldier. Lorenzo
Thomas, suspected of being a rebel at the com-
mencementof the war, who has gone throughout
the South to organize the negro forces, says that
he is a better soldier than the white man, because
he has a musical ear thatenables him to keep step
better: I suppose to the music of the Union. He
says that he is a better soldier, because he has
been accustomed to be commanded and readily
obeys. There it is: he obeys without question-
ing, and therefore you want to save him from the
ravages of war. You want to see-that one hun-
dred and thirty thousand negro soldiers spoken
of by Mr. Lincoln increased to three hundred
thousand. You do not want the number dimin-
ished. You want to save them from the bullets
of the rebels. This obedient, submissive race,
when this war is over, may be needed for some
other purpose. They have had this class of soldiers
in Europe. There they have had hired soldiers
known as Swiss, ignoring home and country,with
no local attachment. Like the dog, they follow
and obey their master; dependent for their pay
and subsistence upon their employers, thpy know
and obey no one else. We do not want that
class of soldiers in the United States. History
points them out as the tools used to crush out the
liberties of the people and to preserve and defend
despotic power. If you want them, for what pur-
pose do you want them? Sir, this is a pregnant
question; it is notanswered here. I hope that his-
tory may not write the answer in b'ood, in the
destruction of ourGovernment and liberty, in the
erection of a despotism on the ruins of our Re-
public.
What do you propose to do with those you
cannot use in the Army—the women and chikhen
and worn-out men ? Three years ago I asked that
question in this House, and the answer by the
leading abolitionists then was, " We will colonize
them." I staled then that this would not be done,
that the country would never consent to add to
its debt twelve or fifteen hundred million dollars
for such a purpose. I said truly. Ynuhaveaban-
doned the idea of colonization. Numbers of the
free States by law prohibit their immigration
■within their limits. You are afraid as yet to re-
sist the exercise of this right m despite of that
prohibition, although you dispute it. You cannot
send them into those States; but you propose to
leave them where they are freed, and protect them
in their right to remain there. You do not intend,
however, to leave them to the tender mercies of
those States. You propose by a most flagrant
violation of their rights to hold the control of this
large class in these various States tn your own
hands. The abolitionists of New England, by
means of a majority which they hope to secure
in Congress and an Administration they expect
to retain in office in some way, intend to govern
thousands of these creatures m my State and the
other border siave States, and exempt them from
the operation of the laws of those Suites. They
intend to establish an " imperium in imperio,} in
all those States. Do you expect that the States
•will submit quietly to this outrage? You are not
so infatuated. Do you expect then to force obedi-
ence to your will, to coerce obedience to the regu-
lations of the " Frecdmen's Bureau" by means
of negro soldiers to be garrisoned in these States
to overawe the people? Do youmtend to "quarter
a standing army on us without our consent?"
Our history teaches a lesson on this subject which
1 commend to your considnation. You have
brought thousands of these unfortunate wretches
from the fields of Grant's operations to youi
Fieedmen's Village, around Arlington, at the pub-
lic expense, and in boats which ought to have
been used for the transportation of wounded and
suffering soldiers, to be maintained at the expense
of the national Treasury, in this way adding mil-
lions to the already intolerable public debt, taxing
the already overtaxed people of the country for a
purpose never contemplated by the Constitution.
And are they freed ? .No, sir; no, sir. You still
govern and control them. They do not govern
themselves. You regulate their conduct, you pre-
scribe their work, you determine what to give
them, you control their actions. They arc still
slaves, by whatever name you may call them.
You have kidnapped thorn from their masters in
Virginia and made them your slaves.
How have you freed them in Louisiana? Banks,
with the consent of the-President, hasestablished
a system of slavery there, better for the master*
and worse for the slave, than any that Ihaveany
experience of. By it the master is relieved ofthe
expense of rearing the slave until he is capable
of performing profitable labor, and released from
all obligation to maintain him after he has be-
come unfitted by age or disease to render remu-
nerating service. Nor is there the least freedom
conceded to the slave by this system, unless it
be the liberty to wander off, when overtaken by
death, and die like a dog on the first dung heap
untended and uncared for by a kind and Christian
master. He has not the liberty to work where
he pleases; he is confined to the limits of a par-
ticular plantation. He has not the right to work
when he pleases; his hours of labor are- pre-
scribed. He has not the right to demand such
wages as he may think his services worth; his
wages arc fixed for him. He has not the privi-
lege of expending his earnings as he pleases; this
la done for him by regulation. And I make the
declaration that the compensation he is forced to
labor for is not near equivalent to what a slave
in Louisiana received under the slave system,
which these wise humanitarians, Banks and the
President, wish to supplant by their system of
free labor. God save the mark. Mr. Speaker,
by such a change as this you do not abolish sla-
very, but vou rob it of all its humanizing and
redeeming characteristics. By destroying all
interest of the master in the preservation of the
health of the slave, you diminish his care and
kindness and indulgence to him. The watchful
care of the intelligent and interested master over
the young is lost, and they are left to grow up
uncared for except by the negro father and
mother, whose ignorance and indifference to the
welfare of their ofi'spnng are matters of common
notoriety.
Mr. Speaker, I will not touch this subject in
its connection with political economy. I will not
argue that African slave labor is the most profit-
able labor for the land-owner. I would never
propose that African slavery should be intro-
duced where it does not exist. I would leave all
people in all States free to have it or abolish it,
as a regard to their own interests may prompt
them. I will not assert that African slavery is
best for the white man. I may be in doubt as to
that. But this I do say, in view of an experience
and observation of a lifetime, and in spite of the
horror excited in the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Thayer] by the declaration of thegen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Fernando Wood,]
that the condition of slavery existing in my State
and the other slaveSrates is the best condition m
which the African has ever been placed on the
continent of America; I mean the best for the
negro as it regards his physical, moral, and in-
tellectual wants. tl
Mr Speaker, 1 will conclude what I have to
say with the assertion that I believe that the on y
way to preserve this Union is to Stand by the
Constitution as our fathers made it; not to change
it- to preserve its great safeguards of liberty from
destruction or violation; to return to the original
policy of this Government, indorsed by the Presi-
dent and his Cabinet, by Douglas and Crittenden;
the policy of conciliation and coercion which
has received the name of border State policy—
the policy of conciliation and coercion going hand
in hand, f was always for it—I am tor it now.
While I would put down the military power of
the South by force of arms I would " still carry
m my right hand gentle peace;'5 I would hold it
out to them; I would persuade them by every in-
ducement I could offer them as erring men and
brothers to abandon their bloody rebellion. I
will not denounce them as devils. I would not
say that I will exterminate you if you do not sub-
mit, and strip you of all you have if you do; but
I would say, "Come back, and I will forgive
you as freely as the Son of man ever forgave re-
pentant sinners."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, madness and
despair rave, and I shall consume none of the
brief time allotted me by following the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Mallort,] who has
just taken his seat. Nor do I avail myself of the
floor in the hope that f can say anything which
will change the mind of the House on the ques-
tion now before it; but, sir, the privilege is not
often given to men to perform an act the influ-
ence of which wrll be felt beneficently by the
poor, the oppressed, the ignorant, and the de-
graded of all lands, and which will endure until
terminated by the wreck of matter and the crush
of worlds. And 1 rise that I may thus publicly
thank God and the good people by whose suf-
frages 1 am here to-day for the golden opportu-
nity afforded me of doing such an act.
When the proposed amendment to the Consti-
tution shall have been adopted and approved by
the Legislatures, as I hope it will be, that instru-
ment will be perfect as the genius of man can
conceive. Experience, as the ages roll away,
may, it is true, suggest improvements, but my
poor imagination presents none. We were asked
this morning whether we are wiser than the
framers of our Government. I utter no word, I
think no thought of disparagement of thosegreat
men. They were good men and were wise in
their day and generation, but all wisdom did not
die with them, and we are expiating in blood and
agony and death and bereavement one of theirer-
rors—the unwise compromise they made with
wrong m providing for the toleration and perpet-
uation of human slavery. The Convention which
framed the Constitution unwisely compromised
with wrong, and the bill before the House pro-
poses to submit their work to the people through
the Slates for revisal in this particular. It was
not unknown to many of i hem that evil must re-
sult from theiraction. They knew and said while
in the Convention that right and wrong were in
eternal conflict, and that the avenging God was
ever on the side of right.
In proof of this I turn not to the remarks of
men from New England, not to those from dear
old Pennsylvania, but of those who represented
Virginia in that august assemblage. 1 hold in
my hand the third volume of Eliot's Debates of
the Convention which framed the Constitution of
the United States, and I quote from Mr. George
Mason,ofVirginia, when speaking, June 15,1788,
on the first clause ofthe ninth section of article one
of the Constitution:
" Mr. Chan man," said he, "tills is a fatal section, which
has cieated more danger than any other. The fiist clause
allows the importation of slaves for twenty years, Under
the loyal Government this evil was looked upon as a great
oppression, and many attempts were made to pre\e  ut;
but the interest of the Atncan merchants prevented its
prohibition. No sooner did the Revolution take place than
it was thought of. Jt was one of the great causes ot our
separation from Great Britain, its exclusion has born a
principal object ot this State, and most ot the&tates In the
Union. The augmentation of slaves weaken* the states,
and such a trade is diabolical in itself and dis-giaeeful to
mankind; yetbv this Constitution it h continued tor twen-
ty years. As much as I value a union of aii the Mates, 1
would not admit the southern States mto the Union unless
thev agree lo the discontinuance ofthi* disgr.teetul trade,
because it would bring weakness and not strengu to tue
Union. This detestable kind of commerce' 
As he proceeded he spoke of " this detestable
kind of commerce," and said " 1 have ever looked
upon this as a most, disgracefulthing to^Ameiica.
i cannot express my detestation of it.-'
Mr. Tyler, of Virginia, in the discussion of
the same day, as I find on the very next page,
lfc warmly enlarged on the impolicy, iniquity,and
disgracefulness of this wicked traffic. He thought
the°reasons urged by gentlemen in defense of it
were inconclusive and ill-founded. It was one
cause of the complaints against British tyranny
that this trade was permitted. The Revolution had
put a period to it; but now it was to be revived. *
He thought nothing could justify it.
Thus all the wise and good men of that period
denounced the system of unpaid labor and piop-
erty in human beings as wicked, infamously
wicked, and the trade in men, women, and chil-
