1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBjB*
antagonism of race. I use democracy in tin; Ei;h
ropean sense of equality, which, as pvery stu-
dent knows, doea not mean liberty. I use antag-
onism ot" race to express that instinct of man that
speaks on eveiy page of the wot Id's history,
sometimes as war, sometimes as expulsion,some-
times as slaveiy,and sometimes as extermina-
tion. If there were but one of these elements at
work, the political diagnosis would be more sim-
ple, but being combined, sometimes working to-
gether and sometimes in opposition, 1ms made
our trouble a great mystery. At the North de-
mocracy assumes a personal character, demand-
ing th  equality in freedom of all men, which has
bet-n intensified by the movement in the South to
destroy the Government with the view of preserv-
ing the inequality of master and servient classes.
At the South, democracy, though extreme, as-
sumed a political aspect rather than a personal
character, claiming the equality of each State with
the entire nation, which is now intensified by the
attempt of the personal democracy at the North
to destroy the relation as it exists at the South.
A-t the North, tins element, in its eagerness to
attain its ends is running into national centrali-
zation, by that massing of power that always
oomes of earnestness and unity. It does thus
white maintaining its individuality of effect on
persons. The same thing.has been done else-
where, but has always been followed by results
which we would wish to escape. At the South,
democracy, m its eagerness to resist the same
element 111 a different form at the North, exalts
the State into an equality with the nation, and
plunges into the political death of secession to
break our nationality, arid to preserve an inecpiaU
Hy winch is the foundation of their labor system.
At the South, antagonism of race, to sa-y nothing
of interest, custom, and example, has enslaved
the negro. The same influence is much more
jealous to keep him enslaved than it was to en-
slave him, for the freedom of the long enslaved
negro Would offend theadmitted democraticequul-
ity- of -the individualsjd' the dominant iacc. At
thc-iNorth the same element manifests itself .dif-
fei-ently,,and, at first glance, inconsistently with
their demooratic-el«ment. While iheir democ-
racy demands the (li&sokiUQn of-tiic relation of
master and slave, as being the basis and essence
of an artificial or legal inequality which they hate,
yet their notorious demand forfte*? .temtoiy,jree
States, " free land and fiee government for Iree
men," coupled with the legal exclusion of fiee
blacks from many noitheriL States, all of which
w-eie manifested befoip this fight commenced,
show this antagonism most conclusively. At.p.
distance from the slave they strike the manacles
from him; brought into contact with the negm>,
they will tjiujst lynn oui of their way when Ins
room is needed. ,
Thus the struggle is {fffectmg not only persons,
and races,-but the whole theory and system ot
our Govemmeut. Let us take a shot t retrospect.
Duiing the icvolutionacy war, and beiote we
had passed fiom the condition of a league or con-
federacy of States to that ofa sei(-consututed.,na-
ti<)iv of'-people, there were already two parties,
two ideas; one the-,national > headed by Hamilton,
and -thctother the confederate or State sovereignty,
headed by Jefferson. The same conflict of ideas-
and theories was repeated in the Convention in the
process of framing the Constitution, in the con-,
vemions of the people called to consider its adop-
tion, and in the partisan constructions contended
for after it was adopted. The two ideas wete
coeval with out independence, and seem to have
entered as contending elements into the notional
conception,. And when the infant nation was
born of the sovereignty of the people, when the'
Constitution., thccovynancot the people, was sub-
stituted for the covenant of the States, the theory
of the latter survived and grew-among men when
its reality reposed in the tomb of the u Articles,
of Confederation."
One marked moral and logical advantage re-
mained with the defenders of the national idea.
In-the contest for the adoption ,<?f the Constitu-
tion its opponents warmly resisted it because of
its admitted nationality, which was denounced as
an independent, self-executing, centralized power
in whose presence the States could not long sur-
vive; and after its adoption these objectors formed
the nucleus and the intellect ofa party who sought
to avoid this once admitted nationality of the in-
strument by applying, in its construction, a prin-
ciple which was repeatedly rejected in its forma-
tion and adoption. After the establishment of
the Government the first well-defined parties were
Federalists and Republicans, the former in the
main combining the conservative elements of the
country, maintaining the nationality of the Gov-
ernment, and adopting a liberal construction to
that end. The latter embraced the more demo-
cratic elements, particularly touching the rela-
tions between the General and State governments,
diminishing the former and exalting the latter,
and for this purpose adopting a federative con-
struction. The most memorable confest between
those, two ideas was over the Virginia'and Ken-"
tucky resolutions of 1798-99, which affirmed the
Constitution to be only a compact between the
States, who, ps such, had no common judge;'and
that each State had the i ight to judge for itself of
the infiactions of the Constitution and of the
mode and measure of redress, and (o enforce its
adverse construction or judgment by the nullifi-
cation of e law of Congress. Since nullification,
to be made effective, must always end in the prac-
tical and political independence of the dissenting
State, it was a subsiantial assertion of the right
of secession. The word palpable," as applied
to a supposed infraction of the Constitution, did
not m the- least alter the case since the States were
to judge what was palpable. T|ie doctrine was
at first indignantly and contemptuously rejected
by most of the State's; and Mr. IVladison, who
had espoused these resolutions, in his celebrated
leport to the Virginia Legislature gave evidence
of an anxious desire to explain away the force of
that which was in itself indefensible. The found-
ers and framers of the Constitution, and those
who had favored its adoption, generally adhered
to the Federal or national party. Those .v ho|
had resisted its adoption upon the ground that if
was too national, too'centiahzed, generally ad-
hered to the Republicans and the State right con-
struction. There were two notable exceptions to
this. Mr. Madison, who had so much to do in
framing and adopting the Constitution, seeuud
for a while to be troubled with this heri ay, though
he so clearly and ably exploded tt thirty years
afterwards, when South Carolina cumc to actupon
it; while Patrick Henry,.who Had earnestly re-
sisted the adoption of the Constitution upon the
ground that its powers were too gio.it, too cen-
tral, too national* made the greatest argument of
his life against those rt solutions in reply to John
Randolph,
The theory expressed in those resolutions was
tke4fatal blow ui .our ;poliucal hm'orvv .It was
the commencement of a procer-s, the adojuion of
a principle, which, if pei*e\eiejj in', must of ne-
cessity c.ud in national disintegration or in' an
armed contest to establish the na.ionaiity ot the
Constitution and the authoiity oftheG-jves muent
in lines of blood', that color, unfortunately for man,
iu which all his greatest and bt st institutions and
his mightiest lefonns have been wiitton The
tendem y of democracy, undei whatever name It i
acts, is to alu'i or destroy the existing order' of }
things so far as that oide; is not expressed in |
equality. The Republicans of the Jefferson school
did this powerfully and successfully iu regard to
the established Constitution in an honest attempt
to define and preserve it. They wouid have the
States severally equal to the nation. It wus ap-
plying to the States thcit ptinciple of equality
winch he had appljed to persons in 'the social
compact., It was the honest error of a mind more
clear and intense than compiehenSi ve.
The next grand division of the people of Amer-
ica. into political parties weie the organizations
known as Whigsand Democrats. In the histoiy,
dogmas, and contests of these two great parties
there appears the strangest medh y of names and
principles. The Whigs, who adopted the name
of the liberal and progressive patty in England
and in the colonies, gave a liberal construction to
the Constitution, with a mow to enlarge the pow-
ers of the Go\ornment over commerce, manufac-
tures, loads, cuials, and the circulating medium,
and thus far in the management of the Govern-
ment were in a certain sense democratic—I mean
democratic as to the number of the objects upon
which and the extent to which the common Gov-
eminent might use its powers; and vet anti-dem- !
ocraticso far as this constructive vesting of power t
in the Government would tend to a consohdat*.d I
mastery by jhe Government over the people aftd"V
their interests. As between the States aud'G6n<*">>
era! Govornment^on questions of power a'fol
diction, they inclined to the gentfrhd or-""nat%nrt3'"4*'
Government^ and as that is, the one'which lia&j —
relatively, beetMosing ground ever Since its form*"*5
ation,they were to that^xteht' the conservative >'
party. In the schemes of the pemocratic party
for the extension and multiplication of the '
jeets of universal suffrage in the affairs'of tfreFState 5
governments, the Whigs generally, fehoiighiiot15
uniformly, wentagainstthotendenoy to radicalism "
and pure democracy,and were in this respectkh6-':
real'conservative party of the country.
attempt to "hedge about executive poWeVrft'ttae^
matter of patronage, limiting it to one$^rm, and "
rt-fusing'it, a veto, the "Whigs were democratism £
their, theories,but never succeeded in putting'tlrcHi
intoeffect;' Upon the Vvholethey were tho-conser-'*
vtftivesof .the country. TlieiV system of'interpret
tattcin, as compared with that'of the Democrats; 5
strengthened the povvers'of the General Govern-
ment, but made the apjib&a£ibn "of those"powem;
democratic in regard to tlib nurrtber'of the subject®'
and the various interestsof the people to w hteh they
were applied, though their adversaries charged
with too much plausibility that in the Ttiaftrfer'tff■"
applying these constructive 3trdJderivativfe^t>wyr^°
to commerce, manufactures, and curivdey, they
did not promote that equality of'condition and{-
ptivilege which is the leading feature and constant
tendency of democracy. But it was in the posi-
tion they occupied in regard to therHative, con-"'
current, and conflicting powers of the General and
State Governments ,fhat the Whigs Were preemi-
nently the conservatives' of the-coutiii*y, preserving*
the General Government from the'-attacks Of CKe
States, and the State govei'rrme'nte' from the at-
tacks of pure democracy. They were, the suc-
cessors'of iheFederalists. The Democrats wore'-
the successors of the Republicans,' and often'
adopted the resolutions of '98 and '99 6s * part of-
their platform. The Democrats, in their theory
of strictconstruction, Were conservative in a legal
or technical sense. Strict don&truction, so it be
reasonable, would coViserVe the Co'frsntiuioft 4n tea*
oiiginal purity. JBUt in'practice they earned
principle much too far,arid!in then* vktreme «nx 
iety to prevent a consolidated di,voten'6*alized G^V-N
eminent, they ghxnted3it too little and gave too
much to the States, fn respect to the tfouthe¥n-
wing of that pmty U would be mov6 accurate to
say, instead of a strict construction of puwers"
granted, they adopted a view which fundamentally*
afl'ectcd the theory, ;icope, and operation,'of the
Government... In their "constant'distinction"!^
tween the Government as'un agent and the ppople'
as piineipals, tiny were eminently"dcmo£rt#te. "
" lii their doctrines about hard inoney, currency',
government, and hank'issues* in resisting pro*-
tectum to manufactures mid certain measures of
encouragement to commerce, as tending to mo-
nopolies and a moneyed aristocracy; m thesr feiS
vent laudation's of agriculture, and their policy
that it should be encouraged as our natural and
national pursuit, fctoey butiepeated the democratic
ideas of all countries and all ages. They ex-
pressed the/sentimenis of the lovely pastomla of
Horace and Viigil, (with the beauty omitted;)
the stern and leveling democracy of the code of
Lycurgns was imitated while modified; aod the
theories, though not the-intensity,.of Prance.un-
der the Revolution,and of tlie Roundheads uhder
the Commonwealth, wete repeated. They were
truly, in their day,the democratsof thecountry;
They have since been outstripped by a swifter
current of democracy rushing in a diftcieni chan-
nel and aimed ata different object of attack. This
party were generally successful, imd nuturally«o.
With a vast consolidated despotism—a phantom
of their'own creation—to declaim against, with
State pride and local prejudices and local patriot-
ism to appeal to, with a name llmt iy in itself' a
charm and a power, and, more than all, being
ever aided by that great undercuriettt of the1 hu"A
man mind whose tendency ifc so ancient, so mod-
ern, so universal, and so poweiful, it v/oufd have
been wonderful if they had not geneially vaH-
qiushed their opponents and obtain'd possession
of the Government. The Whigs, so often de-
feated > became dnsorgan lifted* But pohtica^ly they
had httle affection for their old opponents, rivals^
and conquerors, ahd simght whereby to ree-taijn
the Govenmiftit from the;r po^ep^-ion Thi^
