1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
idential candidate of the Republican party, a suc-
cess the conspirators purposely procured by di-
viding and demoralizing the only party which
could prevent it, before that man was inaugurated
as President, before he had an opportunity to do
aught that was wrong if he had so intended, while
the Government was still being administered by a
President the choice of southern people, the pro-
cessof State secession was commenced, based not
upon wrongs done but upon wrongs said to be
intended. And this was the great issue made
against the Government, that upon the accession
of the Republican party to power it had become
necessary, in order to protect, defend, expand, and
to save the institution of African slavery, that the
States where it existed should withdraw from the
Governmentanddi vide the Union on the slave line.
The issue was made, that to preserve slavery the
Government must be destroyed. They might
have anticipated the counter-issue, equally false,
so soon afterward made by the enemies of the in-
stitution, that to save the Government slavery
must be destroyed. Amid the heats of civil war
it-was easy to pass from the policy of restriction to
the policy of destruction. It has been said ex-
tremes meet. They first beget each other.
It will require but little observation of the forces
thus arrayed against each other to determine which
must ultimately succeed. I do not allude to the
material resources for war. X mean the political,
agricultural, and commercial influences that must
and will crown the war for the Government and
the unity of the Republic with success. Upon
one hand we have a unity of territory inhabited
and controlled by a race that is one; and these
unities are only made the more perfect by that
diversity in the productions of the parts and the
wants of the people which makes them dependent
upon and interested in each other. The territory
of the United States, bounded on the east by the
Atlantic, on the west by the Pacific, on the north
by the great lakes, and on the south by the Gulf,
with all our great rivers running from north to
south, our only two mountain chains ranging
north and south, with no deep water-course, high
mountain ridge, or desert tract bisecting the con-
tinent from east to west, so as to form, a natural
boundary line between two nations, North and
South, makes a fit area for one empire, one peo-
ple, one Government; and the natural domain ot
the Republic remains to-day as it came fr^rn the
hands of the Creator, the Architect of the uni-
verse, a geological and geographical bnitt. 1 his
grand temple was inhabited, owned, and. gov-
erned by one people. The white race of America
are one by blood, one in-language, one in civili-
zation, one in manners, and one in religion; one
by all the material interests on this continent, one,
bv all the strong ties that have ever constituted
a unity of race. Upon these two natural and
historical unities—unity of territory and unity of
inhabitants—are naturally based the union of the
States and the oneness of the national Govern-
meat. Against them we find the averment that
these unities must be severed and destroyed, the
Government overturned, and both the territory
and the people made twain to preserve a given
form of labor, one species of property, the insti-
tution of African slavery. Besides the falsity of
the issue, aside from the fact that the property or
institution to be saved was already infinitely sater
under one Government, one territory, and one
system of laws than it ever possibly could be un-
der a separate code and government, contiguous
to a foreign and hostile nation, it was a fatal error
in another view. It was an affirmance that the
Government known as the Union was incompat-
ible with the stability of the institution. It was
a distinct affirmance and adoption, from a differ-
ent stand-point, of the doctrine of an irrepressi-
ble conflict. The rebels did not seem to perceive
the breadth of the issue at arms which they of-
fered the Government It was more than a mere
assertion of incompatibility. It was an aver
ment that the two could not exist together. This
was wholly untrue; exactly the contrary was true
But from these false premises it was ea^yto
draw the conclusion that one must be destroye
to save the other. The effect of the issue being
made and sustained by force of arms was none
the less disastrous by its being untrue It was
a dangerous question to present to the minds
of men. It widened and deepened theopposi ion
antUreated it where it had not before existed.
And many minds not imbued with this opposition,
and many who, cherishing it only as ' n abstrac-
tion, would never have sought to make it a polit-
ical force or element in the administration of the
Government, when told by the patrons of the in-
stitution that it and the Government could not
coexist, were not long in disposing of the ques-
tion, as they would any other question of, value,
and easily and correctly decided that as the Gov-
ernment was more valuable to them than any
species of property, they would adhere to the
~  . *1 U .11 tl,A nliaau (ka nnootifiri
S J.PCL/ICO Wl pi upv ivj } -   . ...
Government through all the phases the question
mi^ht assume. It was a cruel and foolish ejc-
miglll assume. «w**s>   w ~   — -
periment, this arraying an interest, an institution
otherwise much debated, in hostility to the Gov-
ernment, and thus make it the subject of attack
and demolition. It gave to the abolition clement
of the North a new direction and an increased
momentum. Many of the party who had merely
sought to save the Territories for white men, then
became a leveling agrarian democracy who glad-
ly accepted the issue, and now openly and fiercely
seek to make this a war for universal emancipa-
tion, and the parceling out of the large landed
estates of rebel masters. The border State Union
men and the war Democrats of the North rejected
this feature of the issue offered by the rebellion.
The only issues we accepted were the question of
our nationality, the question of the right of seces-
sion by States, and the military contest for the
supremacy of the Government. We would wage
the war regardless of the negro, except thatbeing
property he is subject to the rules of war, and, if
you please, being a man is subject to the com-
mand of the Government. Our theory has been
to make the war a contest between the power of
the Government and armed rebels in the field,and
not to embarrass its progress, divide our friends,
and consolidate our enemies by side issues of a
political character. We would not have the over-
throw of slavery as an end or aim of the war, but
only the overthrow of the rebellion. We would
have the war against armed rebellion pushed to a
successful issue, and if injury or even destruction
to slavery comfes, as I now think it will, as the
unavoidable result of " the friction and abrasion
of war" let it come; and if there is any respons-
ibility in the matter we will answer by asking,
" Who made the war?" .
The restoration of the Union under the Con-
stitution, by the surrender of the rebellion before
the exigencies of war have done their work, is the
only hope fpr the South and her institutions. It
is believed such an offer would be met by a vast
majority in the loyal States who would prefer the
Union 011 the old basis to the further carnage, un-
told debt, and grinding taxes that would come from
an indefinite war for any other purpose. But if
persistent rebellion requires the war to proceed,
there may yet be a Union as it was not under a
Constitution as it will be, and such new order of
things will be acquiesced in and preferred to se-
cession by many who now ardently long for the
Union as it was. But the restoration of the Union
as it was, while the very best thing for the South,
would not fully lestore the institution as it was.
lis power as a controlling element in our politics
is "one. The opposition to it has been increased.
Its teintory has been diminished. The rebellion,
in its spasmodic attempt to enlarge the area of sla-
very, has caused it to be driven from West Vir-
ginia and the great State of Missouri, and by sui-
cidal violence in its behalf has planted a leaven
against it in Maryland, Tennessee, North Caro-
lina, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Kentucky, that
will more likely live and grow than die. And
other causes are at work. The intelligence, the
volition, and the locomotion that distinguish this
from other property are excited, educated, and
brought into play by the events passing before
him and ill which he is mingling, an education
that would not cease for want of lessons after the
success of the rebellion. This kind of education
is all against the interest of his master and the
peace of society. With him the pageantry of,
review in his rebel master's camp is not merely
pride, pomp, and circumstance. He is learning
the effectiveness of arms and the power of com-
bination. With him the labor he performs in he
Federal camp is not all mere drudgery. Heis be-
coming educated. He is learning war from the
ditch to the evolution of the battalion. From a
being of meie imitation and submission he be-
comes a ituui of self-confidence and reliance. Auu
to all this the fact which cannot be kept concealed
from him, that the two extremes are claiming the
contest to be about him and his condition, and
who shall say what such seeds will not bring ;
forth ? And when they have borne their fruit what
will it be ? I confess the future of his relations to *
his white neighbor is a picture of darkness ami
glooqii to my mind. :
The success of the rebellion . might postpone
but could not avert the doom that now awaits the
institution and the race. Under the confederacy
abolition and a war of races would come, just as
surely (though from different causes} as tljeynow
seem to be approaching. The retirement of tha
seceding Stjates from the Union would result ip,
compulsory relinquishment of all' common terrir .
lory not erected into States. Any attempted ex-
pansion toward the Southwest or into Central
America, whether Mexico or France be in the
way, could only be accomplished by conquest;
for though Napoleon may intrigue with the rebels
for our injury he cannot venture to become a pro-
slavery propagandist. In any such attempt they
would have combined against them the Powers
of this continent and of Europe, an opposition
that has not been lessened by instructions already
issued to rebel diplomatic agents abroad to enter
into no negotiations looking to the suppression of
the African slave trade, accompanied by a con-
struction of the rebel constitution giving to each
State the right to open that trade at pleasure,
Having achieved their independence they wouli
find themselves surrounded on the West and
Southwest by a cordon of free States, which,
backed by the sentiment, and, if need be, by the
power of the world, would forever bar the door,
to expansion in that direction. Manifest causes"
would rapidly shift the slave line southward, and
the cotton States would soon find all the slaves of
the continent crowded into their borders. While
the ratio or relative increase of the blacks would
be thus accelerated, that of the whites in the same
locality would be decreased by manifest influ-
ences. The labor of the blacks would soon place
in the possession of the masters all the desirable
lands of that region. The poorer and laboring
whites would in one generation find themselves .the ,
necessary tenants of the swamps, sand ridges, and
mountain sides. By a ruj®. of physiology, well
known they are the people who, furnish all the
muscieand mostof the brains fora nation, Thwr
loss could not be repaired. Their politicahnfluence
would soon correspond with their meager agri-
cultural resources, and they would seek to relieve
themselves from a secondary position in society
and government, and better the condition of them-
selves and posterity by emigration North and
West. Already thousands of refugees frotn Ar-
kansas, Tennessee, Carolina, Virginia, and Keo->
tucky have sought safety,jqujet, and a subsistence
in that direction. The blacks in the slaveholding
regions would soon become far tjie most numer- ;
ous. In 1810 there were 1,191,364 slaves in the •
United States. In I860 there were 3,953,587, «i
increase of 300.32 per cent, in fifty years. The
same rate of increase would give 11 ,o73,!Mo in.
1910. The increase might notbe.quite so rapid
in the next fifty years,and it would be inaccurate ,
to assume that all of the slaves of 1860 and their
increase would be erowded into the cotton States
in 1910, though evidently much the larger por-
tion of them would be. We may safely assume
8,000,000 slaves in the States of Texas, Louis-
iana, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, Florida,;
and South Carolina in 1910, Iu the whole Uni-
ted States the ratio of increase of the white pop*1"
lation is greater than that of the blacks. In the
States just named that of the blacks has been,
greater than the whites for several decades. In ,
1860 there were in the States just named 2,618,754
whites. How many will there be in 1910? Al-
lowing the same increase as for the blacks there
would be 7,864,991- Considering the influence^
we have just discusscd, would there be near slm
many? 'Under the system of emigration thai,
would drain those States 4,000,000 would ap-
proximate neaier the truth. This disparity and
its natural results would soon become apparent
to both races. The whites would seek to avoid
its results m one of two ways. The master
would seek to maintain his authority by in-
creased kindness and conciliation, .resulting in
the thousand nameless favors by one and liber-
t ties by the other, known only between master
