298.6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
believe I have no lawful right to do so, and I have no In-
clination to do so.' Those whonominated and elected me
did so with the full knowledge that I had made this and
many similar declaiations, and had never recanted them.
And more than this, they placed in tile platform for my ac-
ceptance, and as a law to themselves and to me, the clear
and emphatic resolution which I now read."
Here the President read, as his law, the fourth
resolution of the Chicago platform.
It would be incredible, Mr. Speaker, except
for the reason that it is a fact of history admitting
of no question, that the author of the above dec-
laration is also the author of the emancipation
proclamations of September 22,1862, January 1,
1863, and of the amnesty proclamation, so called,
though it more properly deserves the name of the
tyrant's and usurper's proclamation, of Decem-
ber 8, 1863.
Again, who would believe, sir, except because
we knew from history and experience the power
of fanaticism and party spirit in overthrowing
reason and corrupting morality, that the same
party and the same political leaders who on the
10th May, 1860, adopted the fourth resolution of
the Chicago convention, and on 11th February,
1861, voted for or approved the resolutions of the
House of Representatives just read, would, on
the 8th day of June, 1864, in the face of the in-
telligence and public conscience of the American
people and of the intelligent judgment of the
world, have the assurance to publish to the world
as articles of their political faith the resolutions I
now read, namely, the third and fifth resolutions
of the self-styled Union convention lately held in
Baltimore, namely:
"Resolved, 3. That as slavery was the cause and now
constitutes the strength oi this rebellion, and it roust be
always and everywheie hostile to the principles of repub-
lican government, justice and the national safety demand
its utter and complete extirpation from the soil of the Re-
public ; ami that while we uphold and maintain the acts
and proclamations by which the Government in its own
defense has aimed a death-bloiv at this "i^antie evil, we
are in favor furthermoic of such an amendment to the
Constitution, to be made by the people in conformity to its
provisions, as shall terminate and forever prohibit the ex-
istence of slavery within the limits oi juii!.dictiou of the
United States." * * * * « s  
" Resolved, 5. That we approve and applaud the practi-
cal wisdom, the unselfish patriotism, and the unswerving
fidelity to the Constitution and the principles of Ameiican
libelty with which Abraham Liiieolnlias discharged, under
circumstances of unparalleled difficulty, the gieat duties
and responsibilities of the presidential office; that wo
approve and indorse, as demanded by the emeigency and
essential to the preservation of the nation, and as within
the provisions of the Constitution, the measures and acts
which lie lias adopted to defend the nation against its open
and sceiet foes; that we approve, especially, the procla-
mation of emancipation and the employment as Union
soldiers of the men heretofore held in slaveiy."
Mr. Speaker, when American citizens, public
men, the leaders of a great political party, can
thus stultify themselves and insult the truth of
history; when they can thus prove their lack of
all political integrity; when their "candied
tongues" can thus lick the feet of power and " ap-
plaud" the destroyer of constitutional liberty, we
have indeed reached a mournful era in our history
. as a nation, and there i3 cause for the hope of the
patriot's heart to fail.
In answer to the wild ravings against slavery,
and the levolutionary measures attempted in re-
gard to it by the Administration and its party, I
think I may safely appeal from the present testi-
mony of that party, now thoroughly lost to rea-
son, and infidel to its own plighted faith, to its
testimony at Chicago and in Congress, which I
have quoted, when under thonameof the Repub-
lican party it was comparatively clothed and in
its right mind.
1 will assume, sir, for charity's sake, that the
resolution of the Chicago convention, and the
declarations of Mr. Lincoln's inaugural, and the
resolutions of February 11, 1861, honestly ex-
pressed the opinions and purposes declaied in
them. We thus find the party now in power
then affirming and committed to two cardinal
principles:
1. Absence of power in the Federal Govern-
ment and in the non-slaveholding States to legis-
late upon or interfere with slavery in the slave-
holding States.
2. The right of the State governments to con-
trol their own domestic institutions, including
slavery, and that the maintenance of this right
"is essential to that balance of power on which
the perfection and endurance of our political
fabric [meaning of course the whole system of
Federal and State government] depend." This
proposition of the Republican party of 1860 and
1861 of course involved as its logical consequence
the further proposition that to take from any State
" the right to order and control its own domestic
institutions according to its own judgment ex-
clusively" would be to destroy tliat balance of
power on which the perfection and endurance of
the Union depend. In other words, when the
right of State self-government as to its domestic
affairs is taken away, the Union ceases to be
perfectand will not-endure.
We have no better proof of this fundamental
truth than the present condition of our country.
Disunion and civil war attest the danger of dis-
turbing the balance of power in our Federal sys-
tem. Out of their own mouthsand by their own
professed principles are the party in power con-
victed and condemned.
Thus stood the case as to Federal power over
slavery when civil war was commenced.
We all know that one and the chief cause of
that war, so far as the southern States were con-
cerned, was jealousy in those States of the growing
and overshadowing political power of the north-
ern States, and fear that that power, in the hands
of a party hostile to slavery, determined in some
way to abolish it, and pledged to exclude it from
all the Territories of the United States, would soon
be exercised to reach and abolish it in the States,
by amendments of the Federal Constitution, or
some other exercise of political power by the free
States. The people of the southern States, after
the election ofNovember, I860, fcltthatthe power
of the Federal Government had substantially
passed into the hands of an aggressive anti-
slavery or abolition party, and that in so far as
their own peculiar domestic institutions were con-
cerned the southern States were no longer able to
protect them within the Union, and had therefore
ceased to be equal States in that Union. Whether
well founded or not, we know that this belief,
this jealousy and four prevailed in and excited
the southern States to war against the Federal
Government.
The closing weeks of the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress will ever be memorable in the history of
this country for the struggle between the rad-
ical or revolutionary and the conservative and
constitutional elements of which that Congress
was composed. During the same period a similar
struggle between the friends of the Union and Us
enemies was going on in the peace confeience
held in this city. On the one side, both in Con-
gress and in the conference, were the desire and
effoit toavoid the impending peril ofcivil war, and
to restore theUnion and its harmony by concilia-
tion and compromise. On the other side was the
evident determination to yield no point ofthe anti-
slavery policy which had carried the Republican
party into power, but to press that policy even to
the extremity oftiie shedding of blood. The only
substantial result ofthe effort to meet the southern
States in a spirit of conciliation, and to settle the
question of slavery so as to allay their fears as to
further interference with it within the States by
the Federal Government or the free States, was
the joint resolution of Congress, approved March
2,1861, providing for the submission to a vote of
the State Legislatures of an amendment to the Con-
stitution, in these words:
" No amendment shall be made to tile Constitution which
will ailthonze or give to Conciessthe power to abolish or
interfere within any State with the domestic institutions
thereof, including that of persons held to labor or service
by the laws of said State."
This resolution passed the House of Repre-
sentatives by a vote of 133 against 65, and the
Senate by a vote of 24 against 12. What there
was of wisdom in this action of Congress came
too late. Whether because the southern people
saw in the negative vote of the radical Repub-
licans in Congress upon this resolution the evi-
dence of a determination still to agitate the slavery
question and to continue anti-slavery aggression,
and therefore did not consider it as offering any
security to them, or whether because they were
determined that the Union should be broken at
all hazards, it is certain that the joint resolution
of Congress failed to stop the progress of dis-
union or to stay the coming of war. I refer to the
resolution now as additional evidence to what 1
have already cited of the opinion of a large ma-
jority of the people, as expressed through their
representatives at that time, that the right to le-
gislate upon and control slavery should not exist
in the Federal Government nor betaken from the
State governments. The resolution itself, in fact,
expressed no more than what was the spirit, if
not the letter, of the Constitution as it now is;
and the southern people so understood it, and did
not therefore accept it as any substantial conces-
sion by tlie non-slaveholding States.
The assertion of power or right in a majority
of the States, either through the legislation of the
Federal Government or through amendments of
the Constitution, to interfere with or control the
domestic institutions of a State, such, for exam-
ple, as slavery, essentially repudiates the princi-
ple upon which the Union was formed, namely,
the political equality of the States. Such aright
or power conceded places the minority of States
at the mercy of the majority. A Federal State
to which the Constitution affords no guarantee that
its domestic institutions shall not be changed by
other States norby the Federal Government,loses
the very essence of its freedom, independence,
and sovereignty.
The arguments against the proposed joint res-
olution arise, first, from the character of the prop-
osition itself; and, secondly, from the time and
circumstances or the condition of public affairs
in which it is presented.
I do not propose, Mr. Speaker, to consider in
detail all the objectionable features which this pro-
posed amendment to the Constitution presents. I
am, sir, at a loss for words wherein to express
my sense of its true character. It assumes the
name and form of liberty and the functions and
power of free government to perpetrate and cover
up a great public wrong. It is not the only in-
stance in history of an attempt to prostitute lib-
erty to unholy purpose and malignant passions.
"O liberty, what crimes are committed in thy
name!" was the last exclamation of Madam Ro-
land—herself a true lover of liberty—as she stood
upon the scaffold, amid the demoniac yells of a
Parisian mob, the zealots of "liberty, equality,
fraternity."
I shall noticc in general terms some of the car-
dinal objections to the joint resolution:
1. It proposes a revolutionary change in the ■
Government. Itseeks to draw within the author-
ity of the Federal Constitution and the Federal '
Congress a question of local or internal policy
belonging exclusively to the slaveholding States,
and is in conflict with the principles on which the
Union was originally formed, and with the whole
theory and spirit of the Constitution as to the
rights of the States. It means that three fourths
of the States may dictate to the other one fourth
what shall be their domesticinstitutions,and how
they shall govern their internal affairs, and that
even the right to govern as to such affairs may bo
taken away. It means that three fourths of the
States may at pleasure, by a constitutional
amendment, appropriate without compensation
or confiscate the property of the other one fourth.
In its present form the resolution is aimed at
slavery; but it might, with equal propriety, be
aimed at any other local law or institution of a
State. It might as well propose that freedom of
religious opinion should be abolished, and one
form of religious worship only prevail in all the
States; or that marriage should not take place ex-
cept between certain classes and at certain ages and
otherwise define marital rights, or be extended to
regulate the relations of parent and child, or the
canons of property, or the elective franch ise. The
principle of the pioposed amendment is the prin-
ciple of consolidation, and cannot be drawn into
piecedent without a final subversion of our con-
stitutional Government. It is absurd to call a
Federal Union wherein such a principle of con-
solidation has been introduced into its funda-
mental law a Union of free and equal Statefs. The
minority would be ever the subjects, not the co-
equals, of the majority of the States.
2. The amendment proposes to change the con-
stitutional basis of representation and taxation.
By the Constitution as it is five slaves count as
three free persons only in the apportionment of
Federal Representatives and direct taxes. The
effect ofthe amendment, theiefore, will be to in-
crease southern representation, based upon the
negro population, to the extent of two fifths at
least of that population; and no man who knows
the motives and policy of the party in power
questions but that their object in part, by the
