1034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
granting that additional quantity to the portion
south of Hudson.
* Mr. HENDRICKS. With the permission of
the Senator I will suggest that there is this ob-
jection: below Hudson you do not come in com-
petition with a ten-mile grant. You only com-
pete with this large grant above St. Paul and above
Hudson; but south of Hudson you do not have
to compete with anything but the six-mile grant,
Mr. HOWE. _ The Senator is right; we do not
come in competition, when we get south of the
parallel of Hudson and St. Paul, with a ten-mile
grant, but we come in competition with a railroad.
What is the reason for granting ten sections per
mile to the road from St. Paul? It is not that it
comes in competition with a ten-mile grant, but
because you think it reasonable in these times,
and in this condition of the puftlic domain, and
in consideration of the country through which it
is to run, to enlarge the quantity. There is the
samereasonon theotherside. Itinjuresnobody;
it does not injure Minnesota; it does not injure
this railroad grant that you now contemplate. If
it injures anybody it injures the Government of
the United Slates; and the Government is not in-
jured, because it wants the road built, and is giv-
ing no more to build it than it now adopts the
policy of giving to all roads.
I really wish the Senate would accept this prop-
osition, or that they would tell mc what there is
unjust about it. Senators say they will go for it
as an independent proposition. It is an inde-
pendent proposition. 1 offer it to you as an ad-
ditional section to the bill. They say they do not
want it to incumber their bill. How does it in-
cumber their bill? I can understand an incum-
brance when you point it owtto me; but naming
a measure or a proposition an incumbrance does
not make it apparent to me, does not make me see
it in that light.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, who makes such a strenuous
opposition to this measure 
Mr. HOWE. Allow me. What opposition
am I making to this measure? I did oppose it the
other day, because I thought it unjust; but now I
am not opposing it; I tun asking you to make it
more just.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 beg to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, who makes such strenuous
opposition to this measure, how much has been
done upon the railroad route from Hudson to
Lake Superior, running through Wisconsin? If
I understand it rightly the land was granted to
that corporation some eight years ago, and they
had ten years in which to build the road, which
is a pretty liberal allowance of time as it secmato
me. Now, the Senator asks for an additional
appropriation of lands to aid that corporation, if
I understand it, in completing this Hudson and
Lake Superior branch. ''Before lean vote for any
such measure I must be pretty well satisfied that
the corporation for whose benefit the lands have
thus been granted have given some evidence to
the public at least of their intention to complete
this work, a very important work certainly; but
if this work is to bo treated as a mere speculation
in the hands of capitalists it will be a sufficient
reason why I should not vote to grant any further
lands to it. I am told that it is little better than
a mere speculation; that it isa sort of moonshine
road, and that the stockholders intend to employ
their means, if they contribute any, in mere kit-
ing the stock, and making money out of it, and
not in building the road. I may bo misinformed
about this matter; but I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Wisconsin how much woik has act-
ually been done upon the road from Hudson to
Lake Superior, so that I may judge as to the sin-
cerity of the persons who have the enterprise in.
cluuge. I am told that very little has been done.
Mr. HOWE. It gives me infinite satisfaction
to afford the Senator from Michigan all the light
I can upon that point. I stood here, the Senate
will remember, the other day, and implored the
Senate to send this bill back to the Committee on
Public Lands for the purpose of getting authen-
tically the very information for which the Sena-
tor now asks. I told him then, and I told the
Senate, that I was not prepared to state definitely
and authoritatively how much had been done. I
said tli^n and 1 lepeat now that I have been told
and I brheve twenty miles of the road have been
laid,and that the ties have been got out for forty
miles, and that the iron has been purchased for
twenty miles of it. I have been told this; I be-
lieve it; I do not assert it for a fact.
Mr. HOWARD. How much of the track has
been laid? How much of the track has been
ironed?
Mr. HOWE. Not any.
Mr. HOWARD. Not a foot, so far as I un-
derstand. All the rest of the statement of the Sen-
ator is mere hearsay.
Mr. HOWE. Yes.
Mr. HOWARD. If I understand, he does not
even give u3 the authority on which he bases his
assertion. He does not tell us whether his in-
formants are niembers of the company, or other
persons connected with the enterprise, on whose
statements we ought properly to rely. It seems
to me thafis very feeble evidence.
Mr. HOWE. It may be feeble evidence; I do
not dispute that; and 1 wish to God the Senate
would take the means to get better evidence. I
have asked them to do it; I have urged them to
do it; and I do not think it is exactly the right
treatment to abuse me because I have not better
evidence when you refuse to take the means that
will get you the best evidence in the world.
Mr. HOWARD, I beg the Senator's pardon;
I have not abused him. That is entirely gratui-
tous, let me say to the Senator.
Mr. HOWE. Then, to criticise me so sharply.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not criticise the Sen-
ator.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator wants light.
Mr. HOWARD. That is what I want.
Mr. HOWE. And I want the Committee on
Public Lands to give it to him. I would give it
to him myself if I had it; but inasmuch as he will
not take it from the Committee on Public Lands,
and I can give him but very feeble light, 1 can
only implore the Author of all light to shed it
upon him.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Michigan
assumes that thisenterpi ise from Hudson to Lake
Supeiior is an irresponsible one, and his evidence
is that it was entered on in 1856 and has not yet
been completed. When wasyourcompany char-
tered? How long have you had yours on foot?
I put it to the Senator from Michigan, or the Sen-
ator from Minnesota, when was your St. Paul
and Superior railroad charter granted?
Mr. RAMSEY. We never had any land grant.
Mr. HOWE. But you had a charter, and you
entered upon the enterprise agieat deal longerago
than this was. How much have you done? How
much iron have you laid down ? How much have
you bought? How much have yougruded ? Have
you got (tut a tie ?
Mr. RAMSEY. I will say to the Senator that
if Congress gives us this grant we shall enter on
the work immediately. We have an appropria-
tion of $250,000 from the city of St. Paul, and we
have the swamp lands of the State, and we are
prepared to go to work at once.
Mr. HOWE. I hope they will, but then I do
not want to be taunted with the bankruptcy of
our enterprise here by a company so much older
than ours is and which has done so much less.
Mr. WILKINSON. Your company is older
than ours, and you got a land grant besides.
Mr. RAMSEY. We are only struggling for
existence now.
Mi'. CLARK, (to Mr. Howe.) You had bet-
ter have acommisston of insolvency to decide the
question.
Mr. IIOWE. I am perfectly willing to have
a commission of insolvency issued here. I would
rather have the investigation conducted in the
committee room than in the Senate, but I must
take it wherever it is forced upon mc. No, Mr.
President, the truth about it is, I have no doubt,
that the St. Paul and Lake Superior Company
have done all they could in the execution of the
enterprise they entered upon. I.think it fair to
assume that the assignees of die Siate-of Wis-
consin have done the same, and I do not think it is
right for the Senate of the United States to impose
*a forfeiture upon that State or its grantees of the
franchise, under the act of I85G, simply because
a part of the time that you allowed us to do this
work in has expired, and the work has not been
done. I do not think that is right. I hope it will
not be insisted upon. I soy to Senntois fiankly
I do not want at this time that this rival grant
should be made; but then it is for the Legislature
to say whether they will make it or not; and the
Senate indicated by unmistakable symptoms the
other day that they thought it was a reasonable
grant to make. I now ask the Senate if it is not
equally reasonablelo grant an additional quantity1
to the State of Wisconsin. I ask this not, as the
Senator from Michigan assumes, for the purpose
of opposing the grant contained in the hill; I ask
it for the purpose of making it less obnoxious and
less injurious to the State of Wisconsin than it
would be without it.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President,-the railroad
laws now in existence do not give a specific quan-
tity of land to aid in building railroads: they give
alternate sections of the Government land within
certain limits. The grant made to aid in building
the road through Wisconsin mentioned by the
Senator who has just taken his seat proposes to
grant to that State alternate sections within the
limits of six miles on each side of the line of the
road, and if the quantity thus indicated shall not
be found within those limits, that she may select
an equivalent within the limits of fifteen miles on
each side of the line of the road. The bill now
pending proposes to grant alternate sections of the
Governmentland for ten miles on each side of the
line of the road, and if any portion of those sec-
tions shall have been disposed of by the Govern-
ment of the United States togivea rangeoftwenty
miles on each side within the State of Minnesota
within which to select the deficiency.
There has not, therefore, been granted to Wis-
consin six sections per mile specifically to aid in
building that road; nor does this bill propose to
grant ten sections per mile to Minnesota for this
road. It was the opinion of the committee that
the grant which is proposed by this bill would
not more than equal in quantity when it shall
have been selected the amount of land granted to
the other railroad companies to which grants have
been made heietofore. Then the objection to the
Senator's amendment is simply this: it may be
that the grant heretofore made to Wisconsin to
aid in building the road he indicates is now larger
than the grant proposed in this bill; that Wiscon-
sin may really secure under the law as it now
stands more acres per mile than Minnesota will
secure per mile on the line of this road.
If, however, the Senator deems that a larger
grant is necessary to enable the Wisconsin com-
pany to complete the road indicated, he should
introduce a bill for that purpose, and &|low it to
go to a committee for examination. By an ex-
amination of the plats in connection with the sales
of tire public lands of the United States, now at
the Land Office, it can be ascertained with tolerable
accuracy how much public land does lie within
the limits of the grant proposed in the bill now
pending, and also the quantity that may be found
within the limits of the grant in his State on the
line of the road which he desires to see completed;
and when those facts shall be ascertained, if it
shall be thedesire of the Senator to grant on equal
number of acres to the road m Wisconsin with
those granted to the road in the State of Minne-
sota, if that indeed has not previously been done,
I suppose the Senator will find no difficulty in
securing the passage of his bill.
It is probable, I think, that the number of acres
granted to the State of Wisconsin on the lino of
the road which he desires to see built is now
larger than the grant, proposed in this bill; but
then I would suggest to him, as a question of
public policy, that if the grant to Wisconsin shall
be enlarged on the line of this road, I think it
probable that all the land-grant States will desire
to have their grams enlarged also. I feel quite
sure that the people of Iowa would desire to be
made equal with Wisconsin, and it is probable
that Michigan would desire the same, and it may
be that Illinois would desire an appropriation of
lands to make her equal in the number of acres
gianted with the other States. So it is really a
very grave question, 1 think, in its practical im-
portance, and does not seem to me to be pertinent
to this bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, Wiscon-
sin certainly would have no objection to open an
account with all the States that have received
grants in aid of the construction of railroads—
Illinois, Iowa. Minnesota, or Kansas, or any of
the States. We have received about one third as
much as the other States have. So we do not ob-
ject to opening the account. But in answer to an
