1864-
THE; CONGRESSIONAL • GLOBE:?'
20lti;
Tartar and the rest of Asia; between the " pale-
face" and the red nmn-, it built the great wall fif-
teen hundred miles long bctwedh the Chinese and
Ins enemy, and has existed in all nges between
tiie Ethiopian and the rest of mankind. Similar-
ity of republican institutions did not prevent the
free States of the North from volunteering freely
to aid in the conquest of the territory of a neigh-
boring republic of a different race, in a war-osten-
sibly to defend the previous acquisition of a slave
State, n-or" prevent the ;terrible political contest
that ensued on their demand that this black ract
should be excluded from the vast dominions
wrenched from Mexico. The free negro exclusion
clause of the constitution of Indiana was adopted
by a majority of ninety-four thousand votes; and.
the convention of a political party in that State
simply spoke for*our race when they said that
this vote meant that " the honest laboring white
man should have no competitor in the black race;
that the soil of Indianashould belong to the white
man, and that he alone was suited to her free in-
stitutions,"
The other really great power in this contro-
versy is the question of secession as a State right,
assumed on one side and denied on the other, a
question involving the existence of all govern-
ment. It is the white man's question in this con-
test, and the effect upon him will be as secession
is successful or defeated. With the triumph of
the theory of secession as a principle or element
in our system of Government, \Ve will repeat and
perpetuate on a larger scale the modern history of
Mexico, not omitting subjugation by foreign Pow-
ers and petty empires under European' protection
and-control. But if this principle is defeated and
the success of the Federal arms isaccompanied by
a eonstant and earnest recognition of the fact that
the Constitution is the " supreme 1h w of the land,"
our institutions will have been purified rather than
consumed by the fire, and strengthened rather
than sundered by the iron of war. its effects
upon the political and national education of the
people will be that the Constitutions nota-loose
league between separate and independent sov-
ereignties, to beabandonded at pleasure by the
States, but that it constitutes-a Government, tfrftt it
is a-charter of powers emanating from tund acting
upon the sovereigns of that'Government, the peo-'
pie. My own views of the wny of our political
salvation are well defined. We must have the
complete, lasting, and overwhelming success of
our arms on the field, while the civil law must be
wielded -at the hands of men who know and feel
that the Constitution is a higher law. than their
own views, their own feelings, their own schemes,
and their own prejudices, it is to obe-y the law
ourselves and enforce it upon the rebels at all
hazards and all costs. I know this involves a
hardship. There are thousands at theSouth who
are fighting for what they honestly believe "a State
right"—the right of secession; They have been
taught it from infancy, and political error, hke
error in religion, is believed-more ardently than
truth. Many more still have been forced into the
battle against their will by the unsparing com-
mand or- the irresistible local torrent of the revo-
lution."' Rut.epochs, crises, and generations have
their sacrifices, which must be referred'fur final"
accountto the great system of providential -com-
pensations. The time-had come when it was
nece&sat y to determine whether the United Suites
were a Government. If that question is determ-
ined-anght, the decision will be worth dibits cost, [
and if it is decided amiss, the children of the reb-
els of to-day will pray it had gone against their
fathers. ; .
Let those who would use the war to destroy
anything but the military power of the rebellion
beware they do not destroy the Government as
well. We may loose a storm we cannot direct
as we ride it, nor stay it when we would. Re-
member that when a republican constitution had
been adopted by the Constituent Assembly of
France and accepted by the king, La Fayette,
Barnave, and others, demanded, a declaration that
the Revolution was accomplished and that there
it should stop. Robespierre and his party urged
it forward. It went forward, demanding equality
—blood; the king's head fell, then Robespierre's,
and the same mob who had followed Louis to the
scaffold amid cries of Vive la republique,"a few
years afterwards lifted the child of destiny to his
vacant thione, making the welkin ring with cries
of " Vive Vtm-pereur. V a nation, is always
equal to duty, not always to. degtiny ior misfor-
tune. There are times when a people cannot
control their own movements, but ri^sh headlong
with the current, and the,current is turned or Set
by accident. We can fivoid this- by-doing our,
one duty of fighting the rebellion and leaving-the.
balance with God. By reaching too far .yfewftfrjc
our power and miss the mark we might h^veiut..
If this war fail of its original object it will be by at-
tempting too much. If thifi reUuiUo,ir, succeeds,^
it will be much indebted .for thy moral.aid some-
times loaned it by oprselves. .Willie there is no
safety without military success- our safety does
not lie altogether there. We must show that'a
war for the life of a republic need not become the
rude funeral of the liberties of the .citizen. We
must not press the triple, yet owe, idea of "lib-
er£y, fraternity, equality," that triune godhead
ofrevolution, so far that ourhe&ds shall ali come
together in a bloody embrace of empliatic equal-
ity iiv a basket under a guillotine we made for
others. - - ...
-If the views I have here presented have founda-
tion in truth the id&as now arrayed against each
other and represented by thehostrie armies in the
fidld may be classed as follows:
Southern, or Rebel. National, or Union.
1. A f:ttlarim!s jtnd long- 1 The unity and the na-
eonttmied political educa- tionaiity ttftliG Government
tiou upon state rights and aud its direct aqtion on men
State sovereignty involving* ;md things, (the' Hamilton
nuhificiUion, (the Jefferson school;) the supremacy off he
school,) and the vicious am- national Constitution arifd
biUon of secession and a laws,-the political and ter-
southem confederacy, (the utoiial integrity of the Ke-
Oalhoun and Davis school.) public, (the Webster and
Jaoksou school.)
2. The insolence of pro- 2. Theequ'ulityofBemoc-
sl.ivecy propagandists and racy aviayed against the re-
southern leaders, and the Jution of master and slave by
jealou-y toward free iH'gtoes (he Republican and Aboli-
by the southern laborer. tion parties.
3. Jlntagonhm of Race; 3. Antagonism of IZxce;
manifesting itself at the manifesting itself at the
£outh in a dc.-irc to retain North in the demand for free
the negro in slavery, and ' territory^ free'States, ^ndthe/
among non-felavehoid'erp ip - exclusion of the l>ia<?k race
an intense aversion to the trom free States; recently
personal and, political equal- dcihandihgflieirdeportatioll/
ity of the race. ' now desirirtg them us &o|~
•diersand laborers; and-will
iUumatfly;.de*tcoy tliern l>y
" neglect, discrimination/and
superioi thrift—possibly by
war. T* appty the Utter
thought to our race, and not
to any party.
I have purposely left-out"of the account the hate
felt by many southerners for'44 Yankees" and-
"abolitionists," and by many northerners for
"•slaveholders" and t( sfavedrivers,''*as being
prejudices not entitled to the dignity of real, mov-
ing, living powers in a great"cfvenU—prejudices
which the much good fighting done ror bothsides
will fail to dispel.- it is to these prejudices
and the heated blood of the occasion that we must
refer nearly ali the irregularities, ungenerous war-
fare,-and unsoldierly cruelties that have occasion-
ally stained this, And this not neatly so much as
other civil wars. The combatants are lenrning;
fmm cacli 'other that mvn aie not cowards or he-
iocs by ra*:es, or by Sections, that both qualities
are found among; all men, and that many more
men of all races, States, and conditions have suf-
ficient animal courage to make good soldiers than I
have moral courage to believe the truth. Wans
the rude, commerce ihegentk* pacificator of peo-
ples and civilizations. The firs tchro ruder s of the
Crusaders were ah harshness,contempt, and bit-
terness toward their enemies. The laxter chron-
iclers were softer, truer, juster, at limes filled with
admiration. -The East and West learned each
other, and mingled their manners and their knowl-
edge, increasing the one and polishing the-other.
The North and the South will do thesarae. -
A word about Mr. Jefferson. I have meant no
disparagement of him by classing him with Cal-
houn and Davis. Butitis a httle remarkable that
a statesman of such clear and forcible views,such
ardent patriotism and renowned services, should
have promulgated a doctrine which for a while
misled and seduced Mr. Madison, furnished Mr.
Calhoun with the material for the political error
of a lifetime, the abolitionists-with authority for
much of their mischief; was'the authority for J
South Carolina nullification; wasquoted substan- I
tialiy m the report of the Hartford Convention, 1
and a text for Mr. Davis,, who has been a con- i
spirator ever alitce.be entei-ed public lifb. Thera :
was little more similarity in thcpeJptic8>fmd*chftr '
aeter of Jeffersqu and .ftavis tha8; her£_w3£*iriV
thoseof Hamilton and Jackson.' Yetn must^be*
admitted that upon'the5greafc antagomstic ideais
that have agiiated<a d distressed our nattomfcex-*
istenee they areipropeily .ctassed^-Jeffesgon with--
Davis on the side-of StateindepeiuUmce mid nut-A
lification, and Jackson with Hamilton <ot*ahg.fii4e>
of our nationality.' ,* , . ,   ? . y. < ; „• 
I-have not discussed tike w<irso rauehias-jhel^o1-^
Htical elcmem ;tbat have led to It, haveTdir* etecfr-f
it, and are bering developed by it. , T-hesubpectift '
intricate. '$ h<tfppl have-been understood .--The re- .
sults^yiilbe commensurate with the issues* nedC\
With "intemperance! we. may repontsome of the-
features'of the decline and-fail of another greats
Pewer, not omitting the sale <5f the Government '•
to thedSest bidder byja pr&torian ba^nd. :
the breakers ifrdicateu by the miscarriages of'
other nations, destroy secession-, restore the Con-
stitution, and our' future* our very n^ar future^
will-be whatno other? people have achieved^ what ^
no ofther.form of Government can bestow, "to,1
combine upon a scale of unprecedented magnitude*
the homebred andfrresidehlessingsofsm&yStfttes-'
and local administrations.,'with: the-security,- jri.)
fluence, and power of a great empire." fi;By rely-i
ing «olely on the federative principle forn£enerkl
Government the centrifugalforces-in pontics will*
surelypart the Republic. By relying solely, on a
centralized nationality for all purposes,' the ceuw-
tripetal forces in G-overntnent will freeze and dis-
alfeot the extrernittesandcongest the vila^s; The *
happy mean 'between fc&e jtwo does'^ot inesd =to i
be invented, but only to be discerned and followed;
in the skillfully graven lines of our constitutional-
chart. We are fighting foraGovernment,-for-ex- .
istenee as a nation. • If, as many suppose, we are-
remitted from the-Constitution to the laws of war,
of nations, and of conqucst, we are still not with-
out the best of guides for our conduct: Ttteve
has been no improvement upon the text of Mon-
tesquieu in hisSpirifc*>fiiaws? ^Itis owing-toahrs
law of nations, that-among us victory leaves
these great advantages'to the conqwevgdt'hft? hb*:
erty, laws^ wealth, and always religion, where the
conqueror is not blind to his own^mfcerest."
Mr. LOJNT GYEA R.. Mn Speaker fit has been
my intention*,'durrag'the present session atdeast,*
to content myself with being a sitoit aetor, and '
not take up the time of the House with1 speaking;
while action was of so much more importance to.:
the interests of-ihe country in its present penlotis
condition. ; - • .  -
But the noveity and importance of the measure*
now under consideration, the anomalous condi-
tion of the country out of-which'it arises, the im^ v
perative necessity for action ofso&ife.-lcind-by Con-*1*
^ress now, the great and 'absorbing interest felt''
and manifested-"in regaVd to it, not oni-y^justifY'.
debate -but'demand'the freest and fullest discus- •
sion. . «• -
And the business of the House having- been--^o
arranged "that debate upon this measure does not
stand m the way of progress in those other greats
measures of the session for supplying men and-
means for carrying, on the war and to sustain the
credit of the country, I propose to drscuss briefly*
the biM-now before us.   • • i
• I shaHnot attempt to go over>the whote-'groS'nd',•
but cpntent myself with noticing"few of'lhe;-
letidiug questions involved in it. --'i-i ^ •
Mr. Speaker,' I -have listened attentively to the
speeches of gentlemen on the other side of the-
House, made in? the course of this discussion, to
get an idea, if possible,- of -the grounds of thfeir
opposition to this bilh -• But thus far i have list-
ened in vain: -They have,- with scarcely'an ex-
ception,evaded and dodged the question through-
out. My colleague from the fifth district {Mr."
Bitftwifcr] m his speech of nearly an hour in<"
length scarcely alluded to the subject. Has lye-
no reason to give for his opposition to *his vital
measure? Or does he suppose thut his constitu-
ents will be willing to accept a hack«eyed tiradc
against the present Administration as a reason-
why Congress should'not make some provislour*
to bring order out. of the chaos in which nearfy
one half of the country is involved by a'wicked
and causeless rebellion £ • i{ • • ••
Let me remind my colleague that the people havfc
put upon those oid compiamts gainst -tire Ad-
ministration their seal of condemnation1? that his
