1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2987
proposed amendment, is to make the negro pop-
ulation not merely a passive but an activc basis
of representation in the Federal Government.
First, the negro a citizen of the United States;
secondly, the negro a free citizen of the United
States, protected everywhere, in defiance of ex-
isting State constitutions and laws, as such citi-
zen; and thirdly, the negro a voting citizen of the
United States, are all propositions logically in-
volved in the proposed amendment. The same
revolutionary power which enfranchises negroes
by presidential edicts of emancipation, or by con-
stitutional amendments, carried, as this would
be, in the southern States, if it receives the two-
thirds vote of this Congress, so as to be submit-
ted to the State Legislatures, by fraudulent elec-
tions and by duress of arms, would soon admit
negroes to the elective franchise in all the States,
and negro representatives in Congress would
speak the voice of southern if not of the northern
States. This is the designed effect of the pro-
posed amendment in its change of the constitu-
tional basis of representation.
In its operation upon the basis of taxation in
the southern States, the effect of the proposed
amendment would be to increase their quota of
direct taxation while it diminished their wealth
and ability of pay men t: first, in the direct loss of the
value,equal perhaps to $2,000,000,000, ofall slave
property, by the act of abolition without com-
pensation; second, in the diminished value of all
southern agricultural lands, consequent upon the
destruction of the organized system of labor that
has made them productive and valuable; third,
in the diminution, resulting from the same cause,
of the products of all farm or plantation property.
Whatever might be the remote and ultimate ef-
fects of abolition upon the wealth of the southern
States, no man can doubt that its immediate effect
would be to immensely reduce their aggregate
wealth and to overburden with taxation and im-
poverish the present owners of property in those
States.
3. The effect of this amendment would be to
turn loose at once, without preparation or educa-
tion for freedom, without property or the means
whereby to live, and without the guidance, re-
straint, and protection of the superior intelligence
and forethought of their masters or owners, the
whole slave population of the southern States,
numbering from three and a half to four million
persons. A change so sudden and so radical in
the industrial and social system of States, and
especially in the condition of such a class of per-
sons as the negro population of the southern
States, is without precedent or justification in his-
tory; and we have no warrant for believing that it
would be a benign and healthful change. On the
contrary, we have the testimony of one who, al-
though an instrument, and an active instrument,
in bringing about this great social revolution , has
declared—but in this as in many other instances
proved false to his own opinions—that " gradual,
not sudden emancipation is better for all." All
who know anything of the negro character know
this to be true. Sudden freedom to the negro,
without the capacity to appreciate and improve
it, has proved notablessing buta curse. On this
point let tens of thousands of homeless, diseased,
demoralized, starving, naked, helpless "contra-
bands" bear testimony.
4. This proposed amendment is designed to be
the coadjutor and crowning effort of that stupen-
dous system of confiscation or legalized plunder
by which the party in power propose to restore
the Union. They have already gone as far as
they could do by acts of legislation and execu-
tive edicts of emancipation to seize and appro-
priate the property and free the slaves of those in
arms against the Federal Government and to
partition the southern lands among negroes, and^
now the final act of confiscation in the shape ot
this amendment is proposed to operate upon
friend and foo, Union man and rebel alike, in the
appiopriation to public use without compensa-
tion of the entiie slave propeity of the United
Stales. .
We have hitherto considered it a fundamental
principle of civil polity, as it is a provision of our
Constitution, that private property cannot be
taken for public use without just compensation.
This proposed amendment ignores and tramples
upon that principle. If the public good really
demands that the slave-owners of the South
should surrender their slave property, is there
any principle of constitutional freedom or of pub-
lic justice that justifies the demand for that sur-
render without making adequate compensation ?
None, sir; and it is the plunder of despotism, not
justice nor constitutional liberty, to take the prop-
erty without making the compensation. There
was a time, sir, when the President of the United
States, now in office, and many of his friends in
the Thirty-Seventh Congress, thought thatslaves
were property, and that if they were emancipated
for the public good the United States should co-
operate and help to pay for them, i refer for evi-
dence on this point to the various messages and res-
olutionscomprising his compensated emancipation
scheme sent to the Thirty-Seventh Congress by
President Lincoln, and to the action of that Con-
gress on the subject. In this, as in most other
cases, the Presidentand his party have been false
to their professions. What they once thought
should not be taken without being paid for he,
by his emancipation proclamation, and they by
their proposed amendment to the Constitution—
which he no doubt will approve if it passes this
Congress—propose to take by the strong hand of
a despotic majority without payment or compen-
sation.
Again: if the proposed amendment be based
upon the idea of punishment to slaveholders for
their rebellion, then is it evidence of an attempt
to punish a whole class for the crime of a part,
the innocent for the guilty. If the slaveholders
of South Carolina, for example, have rebelled and
forfeited their slaves to the vengeance or justice
of the law, they, and they alone, should be pun-
ished according to the law; but, sir, should the
slaveholders of Kentucky, who have not rebelled
nor forfeited any constitutional right, be swept
into the same great revenge which it is proposed
to visit upon the slaveholders of South Carolina?
"Slavery has commuted the unpardonable sin
and it must die" is a declaration, in substance if
not m words, uttered in this Hall. It is the shib-
boleth of the party m power, the key-note of their
policy; and in the consummation of their purposes
they ruthlessly trample upon constitutions, laws,
instincts of race, the love of kindred, and even
the common feelings of humanity. What mat-
ters it, sir, to the zealots of the anti-slavery idea
that a white man of the South, his wife, his chil-
dren, boi n perhaps to affluence and educated m all
the lefinements of social life, should be driven
from their inheritance and become homeless,
houseless wanderers, and even mendicants, be-
fore their own slaves, so long as the negro, with-
out intelligence, without education, without ca-
pacity for self-government, can be installed as
owner of the soil from which his master and pro-
tector has been driven, and become a political in-
stiument whereby the party now controlling the
Federal Government can perpetuate their hold on
public power? What matters it that our land is
drenched in blood, our people demoralized, op-
pressed, impoverished, and grinding taxation
makes the labor of our once thrifty husbandmen
a struggle only for the means whereby to live, and
drives forth to the labor of the fields, like the
slave women of the South or the serfs of Euro-
pean despotism, our white women and children,
so long as slaveholders and " slavemongers"are
crushed, and negroes are free, owners of southern
soil, voters at elections, statesmen in Congress,
and companions and equals at our firesides and
in our marriage beds? This joint resolution is
the legitimate fruit of that hatred toward the
slaveholders of the South and to the Union and
the Constitution which found expression in the
publication known as the Helper book, and in the
declaration of Garrison, " 1 he Constitution of
the United States, a covenant with death and an
agreement with hell." The abolition ofslaveiy
and the destruction and impoverishment of slave-
holders, " the ruffians, outlaws, and criminals of
the southern States, teed fat the grudge of north-
ern abolitionists; and what matters it that the
Union and Constitution perish in the flames if
the fanatics of abolition can but dance around the
holocaust of negro slaveiy
On the issue that the principles and policy ot
the abolition party now in power inevitably in-
volved a revolutionary change m our Federal sys-
tem; in other words, in fear that the Republican
party, if not in other apparently less legitimate
ways of carrying out their nnti-slavery policy,
would do it by amending the Federal Constitu-
tion and coercing the minority of States to accept
the amendment, eleven of the southern States de-
clared their independence of the Federal Govern-
ment, and have attempted to establish that inde-
pendence by war.
In the midst of this war, gigantic; barbarous,
unnatural, filling the land with sorrow, and swiftly
leading the Republic on the road to its ruin, while
mighty opposing armies confront each other, and
almost everyday witnesses the slaughter of hun-
dreds, if not thousands, of our heroic young men,
and while the resultsof the war in the restoration
of a divided Union and the preservation of the
Constitution are yet unknown and uncertain, this
revolutionary proposition to amend the Constitu-
tion of the United States by introducing into it the
very principle against the establishment of which
eleven States have seceded and appealed to arms,
is brought forward for agitation among the peo-
ple—brought forward, too, as I believe, when its
advocates well know that it cannot receive the
constitutional two-thirds vote of this'Congress to
warrant its submission to the Legislatures and
peopleof the United States.
There can, therefore, it seems to me, be no
practical purpose to be accomplished by this at-
tempt at constitutional amendment at this time,
except to indicate to the world, and especially to
the men in arms against us, that the war on our
part is to accomplish the very purpose with
which they charged us in the beginning, namely,
the abolition of slavery in the United States, and
the political and social elevation of negroes to all
the rights of white men. If this Congress desires
to prove to the people of the southern confederacy
that they had a cause for beginning a war for their
independence, the proof cannot more effectually
be made than by the passage of this resolution.
It is a plain, undisguised attempt to indicate what
the Administration and party in power intend
shall be the result of the irrepressible conflict
they have declared and invited even to the ex-
tremity, of civil war.
Mr. Speaker, I have no desire to discuss the
right or policy of slavery at this time. It may be
a sin; it may be impolitic; it may be unprofitable.
Arguments on both sides have been and can be
made, and radical differences of opinion exist on
the subject, and neither the power of a political
majority nor the power of war can determine the
abstract right or wrong of the opposing opinions.
1 am not the apologist nor friend of slavery, but
no abstract or theoretical opinions about slavery
determine my vote on the question before the
House. If so he that slavery is dead, as the
result of civil war, as many say, not of the
emancipation proclamation, which the authorof
it has himself aptly termed brutemfidmen, I have
no regrets for it; no tears to shed over its grave;
its own advocates have done their part to slay it;
let them reap as they have, sown; I have no de-
sire to revive or restore it. If, however, slavery be
wounded nigh unto death,but not slain, I foi one
will not, for the sake of giving it its death-blow,
either swear to or admit the right to abolish it
by executive edict, or introduce into the Con-
stitution of my country, by way of amendment,
a principle and a precedent that may in an evil
hour of excited passion like the present put the
dagger to the heart of the freedom and independ-
ence of my own State, and make me the serf of
a despotism. Better, sir, for our tiountry, better
for man, that negro slavery exist a thousand
years than that American white men lose their
constitutional liberty in the extinction of the
constitutional sovereignty of the Federal States
of this Union. Slavery is the creature ot the
States alone, not of the Federal Union; they
made it, let them unmake it. If the States
wherein slavery still lives, a mangled, bleeding,
prostrate form, see fit to give it the final blow
that shall make it a thing of the past, let them
do it ill their own time and way. If, however,
they see fit to nurse itintoafurtherbriefvitality,
let them do it; it is their ward, not yours nor
mine ... ,
My arguments against the joint resolution aie
in substance as already indicated:
]. That it seeks to draw within the authority
of tile Federal Constitution and Congress a ques-
tion of local or internal policy, belonging exclu-
sively to the slavehoJding States, and that it is
thercfoie in conflict with the theory and spirit of
