THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
the Constitution, and subversive of the principles
and basis of the Union.
2. That it is a scheme malignant in its mo-
tives, and essentially unjust and dishonest in its
purposes. In cannot on any principle of consti-
tutional or public law be justified as an act of
punishment; and as a scheme of virtual appro-
priation of private property without compensa-
tion, it is equally repugnant, to the principles of
free and just government.
3. That the tendency of the resolution, offered
at this time especially, is to strengthen the re-
sistance to the restoration of the Union, and to
render such restoration improbable if not im-
possible.
4. That even if the proposed amendment were
just and politic in the abstract, it should be
brought forward at a time when it can be fairly
and calmly discussed, and passed upon by a full
and fair expression of the opinions of the people
of all the States; and we know that no such full
and fair expression of opinion can be obtained at
this time, or pending this war. The work of re-
modeling the Constitution, if that be necessary,
is a work for the calm thought of times of peace,
not for the excited passions of war. It is said
" the laws are silent in the midst of arms," and
we know by a painful experience that this is too
true, even in our own States that have been far
removed from the theater of the war, and where
the civil courts should be open for the free opera-
tion of the laws in the punishment of offenders
and for the protection of the innocent.
In confirmation of this statement, sir, I need
but mention that a true American patriot and
statesman, known to us all—the peer in patriot-
ism and statesmanship,of any man upon this
floor—still lives in exile, a banished man, the
victim of lawless oppression, because the laws
he honored and obeyed were silent and impotent
in the midst of arms, and he appealed to them m
vain for justice and protection. And, sir, I would
here say, because it is due to truth to say it, that
so long as that flagrant and shameless act of des-
potism, the bamsjimentofVnllandigham, remains
unrebuked and unpunished by the American peo-
ple, they claim without truth the title of fieemen,
and their boast of constitutional liberty is a boast
and nothing more. But more is it true that laws
are silent in States occupied and overrun by the
opposing armies. There law and reason alike
are voiceless and powerless, and freedom of
speech and of suffrage, the basis of all true polit-
ical freedom,is subdued by arms. Itismockery
and insult to talk of submitting to the people of
the seceded States questions of amendment to the
Federal Constitution when they are under the
duress and subjected to all the calamities and ex-
citements of war.
Again, sir, I would ask, is it right, is it wise,
is it magnanimous, is it in accordance with the
principles of our Federal system, that this Con-
gress, in the absence virtually of the Ru[jieseut-
ati ves of eleven States, parties to the Constitution,
while the places of those States arc vacant, and
their voices not heard in our Halls—except I
might, peihaps without exaggeration, say, in the
thunders of their warlike array, protesting against
our policy of aggression and usurpation—is it
right or wise, I ask, that we, a fraction of the
constitutional representation in Congress, should
attempt to provide for a fundamental change in
the Government that will overturn their social
and industrial systems, and affect for all time the
absent and protesting States ? I freely say that
there is neither wisdom, justice, magnanimity,
nor humanity in the attempt of this. Congress, at
tins time and in this way, to innovate upon the
Constitution. Let us first determine how much
of the ten itory that once acknowledged the Con-
i.tuution of the United States as its supreme law
is our territory, and whether or not that Consti-
tution is to remain the supreme law of the land,
befoie wo attempt to amend it. Let us reconcile
those in aims against it to the Constitution as it
is b< fore we attempt to incorporate into it a pro-
vision they have denounced, and we have no
right to impose without their free consent.
1 have watched with the anxiety due to their
importance the proceedings and legislation of this
Congress, and noted well the spirit and purposes
of the majority that control it. The majority
here seem to me to be governed by the spirit of :
revolution, not of conservation. Theydonotbe-
Heve in the Constitution of the United States as
its framers made and interpreted it. They do
not believe in the Union as the fathers made it.
They do not propose to restore that Union nor to
retain the Constitution in its integrity. Co-
workers with and copyists of the revolutionists of
secession, this Administration and this Congress
have abandoned the old Union and Constitution
—our surest hope and our best defense—and
adopted the dangerous experiment of revolution
against revolution. The party of secession would
disintegrate by revolution; this Congress would
consolidate by revolution. The one by force of
arms would make a new nation of slaveholding
States; the other by force of arms and by force
of revolutionary and unconstitutional legislation
would make a new nation, a regenerated Republic,
as they are pleased to style it, without slavery,
but in truth States emasculated of the manly free-
dom that was once the piide and boast of the
people of all the United States.
It is vain, sir, for gentlemen of the majority
here to claim that they are the friends of peace on
the basis of the Union and Constitution as they
existed before the war began, or to deny that they
are the advocates and instruments of revolution.
The records of this Congress, with daily accu-
mulating evidence, falsify the claim and the de-
nial. You desire no peace,and you do not intend,
if you can help it, to accept peace until you have
abolished slavery; deprived if n<Jt robbed by con-
fiscation the property-holders of the South of
their rightful inheritance; made negroes socially
and politically the equals of white men; and re-
modeled the Constitution to suit your own polit-
ical purposes. Your ears are deaf to appeals and
arguments for the old Union, and you speak of
it as a hated thing of the past. You openly scoff
at the Constitution, and the ablest among you de-
nounce it as " an atrocious idea." You do not
seek the ways of peace. Your policy is subju-
gation, not restoration. The instruments by which
you work are the instruments of vengeance and
despotism, not of humanity and justice and con-
stitutional freedom. Your records show no re-
solves or enactments for conciliation and peace
and reunion, but for conscription, wherein you
attempt to legalize the slavery offreemen to a mili-
tary power that acknowledges no limit but its
own will; confiscation by whose agency revenge,
avarice, and fraud combine for plunder; inordi-
nate taxation that borders on confiscation; pro-
scription of your political opponents; proscrip-
tion of the press, of free speech, and prosciiption
of'freedom of debate, even in these Halls conse-
crated to it by the Constitution and by every hope
of a freeman's heart. You openly justify wanton
acts of executive usurpation, and violations
hitherto unprecedented of constitutional liberty.
While hundreds of thousands of your kindred, of
patriots whom you have lured into war under the
solemn pledge that it should be a war to restore
the Union and Constitution with all the dignity,
equality, and lights of the several States un-
impaired, are slaughtered by the demon of war,
and the people groan under the burdens you have
laid upon them, and are still exerting your skill
indevicesoftaxation to increase, with eager haste
you counsel together and legislate foe the division
among negroes of southern lands, on which you
cannot and dare not set your feet. You are airo-
gant in your present power and despise your ene-
mies without cause. You exasperate while you
should conciliate; you threaten where you should
negotiate, and work for vengeance where you
should labor for peace. You openly declare your
purpose to treat as devils those of your kindred
race whom you have exasperated to madness;
those who have been your fellow-citizens, and
who, however malignant and inhuman your pur-
poses concerning them, you must in the end treat
as men and equals, if not as fellow-citizens and
brethren.
Mr. Speaker, the line of policy which this Ad-
ministration and its party and the majority m this
Congress have adopted toward the people of the
southern States, and toward the Democratic
party of the North, is the dictate of passion and
partisan spirit, and indicates more the arrogance of
power than of patriotic statesmanship. That line
of policy will not succeed. The experience of
history and of human nature teaches us it will not
succeed. The work of this Administration and
Congress is the work of disunion, not of Union.
It will destroy, not build up. It is fruitful of evil,
not of good, and must and will be changed—peace-
fully and in the methods of the Constitution, so
far as the northern Democracy are concerned, so
long as they are left free to use the methods of
the Constitution, but forcibly if need be when an
oppressed and indignant people have no other
remedy for the preservation of their constitutional
rights but to rise in the majesty of their strength
and assert and maintain them by the strong arms
of freemen.
If we are to restore the Union with the seceded
States and save the Constitution, other arguments
than war and denunciation and insult and the in-
vocation of the spirit of revenge and plunder must
be used. It was not in that way the Union and
Constitution were formed, nor can they thus be
saved. In persisting in your policy, of which the
joint resolution now before the House is but one .
expression, you are but paving the way for the
division and dishonor of your country, and for
your own dishonor, when impartial history shall
sit in judgment upon the men and events of these
perilous days.
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Speaker, I regret that
this late day of the session compels an abridg-
ment of discussion upon a subject of such over-
shadowing importance, yet I cannot let the oc-
casion pass without briefly giving my reasons
for voting for this constitutional amendment.
SHALL SLAVERY STILL LIVE?
Slavery is to-day an open enemy striking at the
heart of the Republic. It is the soul and body,
the spirit and motive of the rebellion. It is sla-
very which marshals yonder rebel hosts which
confront the patriot armies of Grant and Sher-
man JSLt is the savage spirit of this barbarous insti- >
tutiosi which starves the JJ in on prisoners at Rich- -
mond, which assassinated them at FoiJ Pillow,
which murders the wounded on the field of battle,,
and which fills up the catalogue of wrong and out-j
rage which mark the conductof the rebels during^
all this war. j
In view of all the long catalogue of wrongs'
which slavery has inflicted upon the C3un!ry 1 ,
demand to-day of the Congress of the United ;
States the death of African slavery. We can
have no permanent peace while slavery lives. It
now reels and staggers toward its last death-
struggle. Let us strike the monster this last decis-
ive blow.
The Thirty-Seventh Congress will live in his- j
tory as the Congress which prohibited slavery >
in all the Territones of the Union, and abolished ,
it at the national capital. The President of the I
Unitpd States will be remembered as the author ^
of the proclamation of emancipation, as the lib- ;
erator of a race, the apostle of freedom, the great j
emancipator of his country. The Thirty-Eighth;
Congress, if we pass this joint resolution, will!
live in history as that which consummated the;
great woik of freeing a continent from the curse*
of human bondage.
Never, since the day when John Adams plead
for the Declaration of Independence, has so im-
portant a question been submitted to an Ameri-
can Congiess as that upon which you are now .
about to vote. The signing of the immortal Dec-
laration is a familiar pietuie in every log cabin
and residence all over the land. Pass this resolu-,
tion,and the grand spectacle of this vote, which,
knocks off the fetters of a whole race, will make
this scene immortal.
Live a century, nay, a thousand years, and no
such oppoi tunity to do a great deed for humanity, "
for liberty, for peace, and for your country, will
ever again present itself. Pass this joint resolu-
tion, and you win a victory .over wrong and in-
justice lasting as eternity. The whole world
will rise up to do you honor. Every loverof lib-
erty in Germany, France, Italy, Great Britain,
the world, will rise up and call you blessed. The
gallant soldiers in the field who are giving their _
lives for liberty and Union will call down upon
you the blessings of Heaven. Let the lightnings
of God (fit instrument for the glorious message)
transmit to the toiling and struggling soldiers of
Sherman and Hunterand Butler and Grant the
thrilling words, "Slavery abolished forever," and
their joyous shouts will stnke terror into the
ranks of the rebels and traitors fighting for tyr-
anny and bondage. The thousandsof wounded
in the hospitals around this capital would hail
