THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 10,
revolutionary pensioners now on the rolls of the
Pension Office; "and
A bill (No; 319) for the .relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Betsey Nash.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 1) granting
a pension to John L. Burns, of Gettysburg, Penn-
sylvania.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message farther announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 30) to establish a uniform sys-
tem of ambulances in the armies of the United
.A bill (S. No. 69) to constitute Parkersburg,
in the State of West Virginia, a port of delivery;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 296) for the benefit of John
Dickson, of Illinois.
THANKS TO GENERAL TIIOMAS.
The message furthe'rannounccd that the House
of Representatives had passed the joint resolution
of the Senate (No. 11) of thanks to Major Gen-
eral George H. Thomas, and the officers and men
who fought under his command at the battle of
Chicknmauga, with amendments; in which it re-
quested tljp concurrence of the Senate.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the joint
resolution (S. No. 11) of thanks to Major Gen-
eral George H. Thomas,and the officers and men
who fought under his command at the. battle of
Chickamauga; and it was
Ordered, Tlmt tho nmonrimpnts to the said hill be re-
""ferrcd to tlio Committee on Military Allans anfi the Militia.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
arid referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 187) to regulate the dismission of
officers in the military and naval service—to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Mihtia.
A~bill (No. 190) to aid in the protection of emi-
grants to the Territories—to tne Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (No. 251) to organize a regiment of vet-
eran volunteer engineers—to the Committee on
Military Affair* and the Militia,
A bill (No. 308) to establish n Hurpau of Mil-
itary Justice—to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and tin* Militia.
A bill (No. 31^) to increase the pension of the
revolutionary pensioners now on the rolls of the
Pension Office—to the Committee on lYnstons.
A bill (No, 310) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Betsey Nash—to the Committee
on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 10, 18(54.
The House met at twelve oVloek, m. Piaver
by Rev. Mr. Ctrri.f.n, of New York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMPENSATION OF UNITED STATES MARSHAL.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia, by unanimous
consent, mtioduccd a bill regulating the compen-
sation of the marshal of the court of the western
distiict of Virginia^ which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
INTERNAL IMVftOYEMBKT 1HLL.
Mr. ARNOLD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a itiil makingapproprmtions for the repair,
preservation, arid completion of certain public
woi ka heretofore commenced under the awthoiity
of law; which was tead a first and second time,
and refened to the Committee on Commerce.
WAGON ROADS IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. COLE, of Washington Territory, by unan-
imous consent, presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Washington Territory, asking
an appropriation for a military road from the head
of navigation on the Wiliofu river tu the mouth
of the Black river; and also a memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of Washington Territory,
asking a grant of lands for the construction of a
wagon road from Seattle, via Snoqualmie pass,
to Walla-Walla; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
LAKE SUPERIOR RAILROAD.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back several bills granting lands
to aid in the Lake Superior railroad, and provid-
ing for the use of the same by the United States
free of charge; and moved that they be referred to
the select committee on the Pacific railroad.
The motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. PEREA, by unanimous consent, presented
a memorial of the Legislative Assembly of New
Mexico concerning the Pacificrailroad; which was
referred to'the select committee on the subject.
ROBERT WINSLOW.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN, by unanimous consent,
moved that the papers in the case of Robert Wins-
low be withdrawn from the files of the House and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
EXAMINATION OF CLERKS.
Mr. BOUTWELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to provide for the examination of
clcrks in the several Departments of the Govern-
ment; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to repeal an act approved February 24,
1855, and an act approved March 3,18G3; which
was read a first and socond time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
MRS. ELIZA S. TOWN3END.
Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Mrs. Eliza S. Town-
send; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
IlKNRY STANDEN.
Mr. FARNSWORTT [, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of Henry Standcn;
which was read a first and second time, and ic-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
CLAIM,S OF INDIANA AND OHIO CITIZENS.
On motion of Mr, IIOLMAN, the Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar was dis-
chaigod from the furthorconsideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 29f)) for the relief of citizens of In-
diana and Ohio; and ;he same was recommitted
to the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the next busi-
ness in order, to call the committees for reports.
COMMITTEE ON NAVAL AFFAIRS.
Mr. BOUT WELL. The Speaker has called
the Committee on Naval Affairs. 1 desire, as that
committee is absent on official business, to ask
that on theii return next week they may have
their two mornings for making their repoits.
Leave was granted.
itkvourrronary rknsions.
Mr. LAW, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, icpoited a bill to increase the
periston of ivvoiutionaiy soldiers now on the roll
of the Pension Oifice, and demanded the previous
question.
The bill was irad a first and second time.
The bill directs thai theie shall be paid, out of
any money in the Tieasury not otherwise appro-
j pnated,$i00 to the surviving soldiers of the Rev-
olution now on the pension roll during their lives
m addition to the pension to which they are now
entitled under former acts of Congress, the said
payment to date from and commence on the 1st
of January, 18(M.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to call the attention
of my colleague to the fact that the hill, as read,
only appropriates the sum of $100 to caeh, and
not annually.
Mr. LAW. I will modify the hill by inserting
the wouls t{ per annum."
Mr. MALLORY. 1 desire to express the hope
that the biil will be passed unanimously, and that
it he so emend upon the J ou l mil.
The SPEAKER. It will be so entered, if the
bill does puss unanimously.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How many of these
pensioners are there?
Mr. LAW. There are but twelve of them, and
I do not suppose the pensions will be paid longer
than three yeats, as the youngest pensioner is
ninety-three years of age,and the oldest one hun-
dred and five.
Mr. STEVENS. I wouldliketoknow whether
these additional pensions are to be continued to
their widows?
Mr. LAW. No, sir.
Mr.STEVENS. Because they might all marry.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will not object for that reason.
Mr.'STEVENS. I suggest the insertion of the
words " to cease at their death."
. Mr. MALLORY. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will make no such modification, but will
let the widows have the pensions.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, to do away with all
difficulty, 1 move to amend by inserting the words,
"to cease at their death."
The SPEAKER. The bill says, " to continue
during their lives."
Mr". STEVENS. That is the language of all
bills granting pensions, but the law provides that
where a pension is given during the natural life
of a person, it suivives to the widow. 1 insist
upon my amendment.
Mr. LAW. I would ask the gentleman whether
he contemplates marrying at tnis period of life?
Mr. STEVENS. 1 am not quite sure what I
shall do, when 1 see what is done around me.
[Laughter.]
The preuous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the amendment offered by Mr.
Stevens was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed unanimously.
Mr. LAW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOLDIERS OF THE WAR OF 1812.
Mr. SPALDING, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported back a bill (H. R.
No. 26(3) granting pensions to the surviving sol-
diers of the war of 1812; which was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
PENSION ACT.
Mr. WHALEY, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill supplementary to
the act entitled "An act to grant pensions," ap-
proved July 14, 1862; which was read afiistand
second time,ordered to be punted, and recommit-
ted to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, with
leave to rcportat any time.
HARRIET AND EMILY \V. MORRIS.
Mr. WHALEY, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Harriet and Emily W. Morris, unmarried sisters
| of the late Commodoie Hem y W. Mori is; which
! was read i\ first and second time, referred to the
j Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
■ printed.
|! JOHN L. BURNS.
jj Mr. WASHUURN, of Massachusetts, from
j, the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported a
; bill (S. No. I) granting a pension to John L.
ij Rurns, of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
• i The bill duocts the Secretaiy of the Interior to
'I place the name of John L. Burns, of Gettysburg,
' \ upon the pension roll at the rate of eight dollars
j[ per month, for patriotic services at the battle of
Get tysbmg, where he was wounded on the 1st of
!: July,18G3, at which time said pension shall com-
I: mence.
ij The bill was ordered to be read a third time; and
j' it was accordingly read the third time,and passed,
jj Mr, WASHUURN, of Massachusetts, moved
J! to reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
'I and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
|j The latter motion was agreed to.
|j liKPRK^KNTATTVFS OK RETPEY NASH,
jl Mr. PEltHAM, from the Committee on Inva-
t! lid Pension;-, repoited a bill for the iclief of the
