THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
party has been before the people with that same
tissue of misrepresentation arid misconstruction
of the acts of the Administration, and met with
a most disgraceful defeat and merited rebuke.
But my colleague's acts, according to his own
admissions, are inconsistent with his expressed
sentiments. In one breath he tells us that this
Administration is corrupt, and that it is conduct-
ing this war for its own aggrandizement and the
perpetuity of its power; and iri the next breath
lie tells us that he votes for hll measures for car-
rying on the war. In one breath he tells us that
the enormous expenditure of money by the Gov-
ernment is for priVate speculation, for filling the
already plethoric pockets of Government contract-
ors and corrupt rulers; and- in the next he telUf
u# that he votes for all appropriations the Admin-
istration asks for. I suppose this is what he calls
b&ing <x " wat Democrat." Docs he thus vote,
Mr. Speaker, because he disbelieves the senti-
ments expressed by him? Or does he feel him-
self compelled to do so by the indignant frowns
of his constituents into whose minds he has not
yet succeeded in instilling those sentiments? Sir,
a compulsory patriotism of this sort is poor ma-
terial upon which to rely for tire support of the
Government and tlie salvation of the country in
perilous times like these.
Mr. Speaker, it has been asked wherein lies
the necessity for action upon this measure at this
time, and it has been said, Subdue the rebellion
first, and it will then be time to talk about gov-
erning the country. My reply is this: the neces-
sity for some kind of government goes hand in
hand with subjugation. If civil government is
not provided for it must be a military government
—a thing inimical to the spirit of our institutions,
and unknown to them except by the laws of war,
and then of doubtful applicationexcept to foreign
territory and a conquered foreign people. Pass
a Judicious enabling act, with proper safeguards,
of which the people may avail themselves to or-
ganize civil governments at the very earliest op-
portunity, and it will afford a rallying-point for
the Union sentiment remaining there, and tend to
foster it and nourish it intoa healthful and vigor-
ous existence. It will prevent perplexing and
complicated irregularities and diversities ofaction,
and tend largely to harmony and strength in our
future deliberations. No stronger illustration of
tlie necessity and propriety of immediate action
need be given than the case of Tennessee, Lou-
isiana, and Arkansas.
The President's proclamation does not solve
the difficulty. As a proclamation of amnesty, as
a general outline or plan for organizing new State
governments, as a prescription of safeguards and
conditions precedent to such organization, it will
ever stand ue.a bright and glorious page in the
history of the present Administration. But it is
incomplete for lack of constitutional power. That
can be conferred by Congress alone, under the
power to admit new States.
1 am aware that a wide diversity of opinion ex-
ists as to the true, logical condition or statusof the
rebellious Slates, both while in rebellion and after
the rebellion shall have been subdued by forceof
arms. Some contend that, to all intents and pur-
poses, these States are out of the Union—terri-
tory anil people—and that they are foreign Powers,
antf that when subdued we hold both as by con-
quest, with all the rights of a conqueror on our part,
arid the lights and disabilities of aconquered for-
eign Power 011 their part. Others contend that
merely the governments of theStates are subverted
and overthrown, but that by some kind ofspiritual-
ization the States still exist and are in the Union,
and that when the rebellion shall have been sub-
dued,all we have to do is to rehabilitate or reim-
body that supposed spirituality with such habil-
iments or such body as we may see fit; and that
when that is done we have the same oh] State
we had before, but born into a new life. Others,
again, contend that the State governments are not
subverted or overthrown; that they still exist,
with all their rights and obligations, as States of
this Union, but that their functions are merly sus-
pended by force of the rebellion; that it is a case
of suspended animation merely,and that when the
pressureof the military power of the insurgents
shall be removed, these governments will spring
into action again with full life and.vigor, and with
all their former powers, rights, and immunities
unimpaired. Their motto is, "Once a Suite.of
the'Union always a State of the Union," on the
monarchical idea, I suppose, that the king never
dies.
In order fairly to consider these several theo-
ries, and intelligently to advance my own, I pro-
pose to take a few bearings from an original stand-
point.
What'is a Statej in a general sense, and what
is it to become and to be a State of this Union,
and what are the true relations of the States in
rebellion to the General Government while at
war with it, and what will be those relations
when those States are conquered ?
What is a State? Chancellor Kent, in his Com-
mentaries, (p. 189, n. b.) says:
"A State, in tlie meaning of public law, is a complete or
self-sufficient body of persons united together in one com-
munity for the defense of their rights, and to do right to
foreigners. A; State lias its affairs and interests; it rieliW
erates and becomes a moral person, having an understand
ing and will, and is susceptible of obligations and laws."
Such, then, is a State. The people in their
primary capacity do not constitute a State. It is
the union of the people into one body for the pur-
poses named. Such union is effected through the
forms of government. Under our system, those
forms of government are made up of and consist
in constitutions and laws; from which it neces-
sarily follows that whenever the constitution and
laws of any State are by any means subverted,
abrogated, or overthrown, the union of the peo-
ple which made them a State is gone, and they
cease to be a State.
One of the attributes of government is sov-
ereignty. Under our theory of government, sov-
ereignty is vested primarily in the people, but,
as just shown, the people are not therefore a
State. When the people, by virtue of that sov-
ereignty, unite themselves together into one body
for the purposes named above, through the forms
of government, they breathe the breath of life
into that body by investing it with sovereignty;
and then, and not until then, does the State exist.
When, therefore, the government, the body of
the State, dies, what becomes of that sovereignty
with which it was so invested, and by virtue of
which alone it was made a living soul ? It returns
to the people, and may be exercised by them df
novo, the same as though no government had ever
existed.
So much as to the general characteristics of a
" State."
Under the definitions above given, and within
the general meaning of the term, the Government
of the United States is " a State." It is a union
of the people, and of all the people, into one body
or community for the purposes named ill the defi-
nition given by Chancellor Kent. " We, the peo-
ple of the United States, in order to form a more
perfect Union," &c., is the language of the pre-
amble to the Constitution. It is tlie supreme State
in all matters within the scope of its powers and
jurisdiction. It was invested by the people with
a sovereignty superior to, and supreme over, all
others that may or can exist any where within its
jurisdiction.
To become and to be a State of the Union re-
quires the express action of Congress, admitting
it as such, and its submission to the Constitution
and laws of the Union.
Each State, therefore, owes its existence ori-
ginally to the mandate and express consentof the
supreme State, the General Government; and all
the people of each State, and the States them-
selves,owe primary allegiance to that superior
sovereignty.
My view, then, is this: the Government is the
State; its soul and essence is the sovereignty
with which the people have invested it for certain
specified ends; among which ends is obedience to
the national Constitution and laws. When such
government becomes subversive of those ends,
or seeks, by virtue of that sovereignty with which
it lias been invested, to bring the people in con-
flict- with that superior sovereignty to which they
owe allegiance, or when such government be-
comes abrogated or destroyed by any means, the
sovereignty with which it was invested returns
to the people, to be exercised by them de novo.
When a State has thus, by its own act, become
divested of its sovereignty, its soul and essence
are gone, and it ceases to exist as a State of the
Union.
It does not go out of the Union; that is im-
possible. That idea involves the absurdity that
a State of this Union can exist outside of the
Union. It simply-iceases to exist when it ceases
to be a State of the Union. If in such case it con-
tinues to maintain the forms of an existence, by
force or otherwise, it is an excrescence upon the
body-politic of the nation, to be removed and dis-
solved to make room for the exercise of national
sovereignty and-for legitimate State organizations
by the people.
The superior sovereignty and jurisdiction can-
not be destroyed or impaired by the destruction,
subversion, or abrogation of the inferior. And
hence when the inferior ceases to exist the na-
tional authority remains as complete as before
over the entire territory and people.
Territory is not the State. It is the habitation
of the State. It prescribes the boundaries of its
local jurisdiction. In a governmental sense ter-
ritory is national, and remains national the same •
after a State organization as before. To illus-
trate: the people of any portion of the national
territory may go through the forms of organizing
a State government by adopting a constitution
and electing officers under it,butitcannot occupy
a single foot of territory asaState any where within
the national boundaries, and has no standing:
whatever, without the previous consent of Coht •
gress. When Congress yields its assent and pre*
scribes the boundaries of the new organization,
then, and not until then, it has a footing to stand
upon; but national jurisdiction over such territory
is not thereby supplanted or impaired. The new
organization comes in under and subject to na-
tional jurisdiction and sovereignty. And what
folly would it be to contend that the national Gov-
ernmentcould notafterwards assert itsjurisdiction
and sovereignty over such territory to the entire
exclusion of a foreign Power usurpingsuch State-
government, and even of such State government
itself, if subverted and sought to be maintained
in defiant opposition to the nationalauthority I
And yet there are those who contend, not-
withstanding a State is in open and defiant rebel-
lion against the Federal authority, yet that it is
entitled to the rights, privileges, and immunities
to which it became entitled on being admitted into
the Union. This doctrine involves the absurdity
that, although it was necessary for such States'
-to submit themselves to the superior binding force'
of the national Constitution and laws in order to
become a State, and be entitled as such to the-
rights, privileges, and immunities of a State of
the Union, yet that a continuance of its exist-
ence as a State of the Union and of its rights andi;
privileges as such does not depend upon a cortf
tinuance of its submission to national authority.
This brings us to a more minute consideration
of the questions, " What are the true relations of
the Stales in rebellion to the General Govern-
ment while at war with it?" And " What will
be those relations when those States are con-
quered?"
We speak of them  s States in rebellion. It
will be seen that this is not a contradiction in
terms, as might at first appear; but that in this
idea lies a strong argument that by their rebellion
they have ceased to be States of the Union.
Those organizations now at war with this nation!
are not new organizations, endeavoring to sup-
plant and usurp the territory and jurisdiction of
the old. They are the same old organizations,
operating under the same old constitution and
laws. We are not contending to prevent some
foreign Power from usurping the government of
those States. From the very nature of the case
we are not spending all this blood and treasure in
endeavoring to aid those States to sustain their
position in the Union, and as a part of it, against
the depredations and usurpations of some foreign
Power. No, sir. As has been already shown,
those States have by their own acts ceased to be
States of the Union. But they keep up the form
of a State government—the same form as before.
They have entered into a new confederacy. In-
both these capacities they constitute a power dt
facto; and as such power they are endeavoring,
not to supplant and usurp the old State govern-
ments—it is absurd to say that a power is endeav-
oring to supplant itself—but the effort on their
part is to supplant and usurp the national Gov-
ernment; and it is against that usurpation that we
are contending.
We speak of them as States, and call them by
