1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
representatives of "Betsey Nash; which was read a
£rst and second time.
The bill extends the provisions of the net ap-
proved March 3.1857, for the relief of Betsey Nash
to her legal representatives, and directs the money
appropriated by said act to be paid to them, pro-
vided that the amount paid shall not exceed the
amount due to the said Betsey Nash at the time of
her death.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRIDGES OVER THE OHIO RIVER.
Mr. ARNOLD, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill supplementary to an
act approved July 14, 1862, entitled "An act to
establish certain post roads, and for other pur-
poses;" which was read a first time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the bill receives its
second reading 1 ask that it be read.
The bill was read. It provides that the act ap-
proved July 14, 1862, to establish certain post
roads, shall be so amended as to authorize the
Louisville and Nashville Railroad Company and
the Jeffersonville and Indianapolis Raihoad Com-
pany to construct a railroad bridge over the Ohio
river at the falls of the Ohio, subject to the pro-
visions of the said act; provrded, however, that
the said bridge may he constructed at a height not
less than ten feetabovehigh-water mark,and with
three draws sufficient to pass the largest boats
navigating the Ohio river, one over the Indiana
chute, one over the middle chute, and one over
the canal; mid piovided also that the spans of
said bridge shall not be less than two hundred and
sixty feet, nor more than three hundred.
The second section further provides that the
provisions of the said act shall apply to the Mays-
ville and Big Sandy and Lexington and Big Sandy
Railroad Companies so far as practicable, and
shall authorize the said companies, or either of
them, to construct a bridge or bridges across the
said river.
Mr. STEVENS. This is, in my judgment, a
vet y important and a very dangerous bill. I should
like to move to refer it to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order on the
first reading of the bill. The bill has been read
a first time, and if opposition is made to the bill,
the question is, "Shall riie bill be rejected?"
Upon that question the gentleman from Illinois
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ARNOLD. 1 yield to the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Mallory.]
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, I do not wish
the summary disposition to be made of this bill
which is indicated bymyfiiend ftom Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens.] I will state to the House
that this is simply, in my estimation, an act of
justice to the people of Indiana and Kentucky. It
will be observed that this is an act supplemental
to an act passed last Congress confening upon
certain railroads upon the upper Ohio river the
right to construct bridges across the river. That
right has been exercised, and those bridges are
now in process of construction. All that is pro-
posed by this amendment of the act is that these
two companies, the Jefferson ville and Indianapo-
lis Railroad Company, and the Louisville and
Nashville Railroad Company, and the Lexington
and Maysviile Company shall have the same
power to construct a bridge at the points indi-
cated that other corporations have under the hill
to which this is amendatory.
Now, I ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania
and the House whether there is anything unfair
to give to the people of one section of the West
the same rights as by previous legislation have
been confrried upon the people of othei sections
of the West, i will state to the House that I
have made exception to the provisions of that
general law in the bill which the chairman of the
Committee on Roads and Canals reported this
morning, for a reason which will be obvious to
the House wh<in I mention it. At the falls of
the Ohio the country on each side of the liver is
so level and so low for milcft, extending into
Indiana and Kentucky, that it is impossible to
construct a bridge of the same height above
high-water mark required by the provisions of
the general law. It is impossible, at Louisville,
to construct a bridge for railroad purposes at an
elevation of more than ten feet above high-water
mark. Therefore this bill provides that the bridge
shall be constructed at that height above high-
water mark; but it provides at the same time that
the bridge shall be located immediately above the
falls of the Ohio river, and that there shall be in
the bridge three draws, one over the Indiana chute,
one over the middle chute, and one over the canal.
There are but two chutps through which boats can
pass the falls of the Ohio. These are the chutes
at the heads of which it is provided by this bill th&t
draws shall be constructed in the bridge.
This is a bill of a local character. It appro-
priates no money. It calls on Congress to do
nothing except to give to the people of Kentucky
and Indiana the same privileges that have been
extended to the people of the upper Ohio liver at
various points. It is obviously so just that I
hope the House will at once pass the bill. There
can be no reason urged againstits passage. The
bridge cannot interrupt the navigation of the Ohio
river. This bridge is to be constructed at a point
where the navigation of the Ohio river is novr
obstructed by nature, where we have constructed
a canal at immense cost aiound the falls, and we
are now enlarging the canal by authority given
by Congress, at my instance, so as to allow the
passage of the laigest boats that navigate the
Ohio and Mississippi rivers. The obstruction at
the falls is not incieased at all by this bridge.
With the draws provided for, navigation can at
all times proceed over and around the falls, with
the same facility as if the budge were not con-
structed.
' Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. Can I move to refer the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the slate of the
Union? It is not that I am opposed to the bill,
but I have not seen it.
M r. MALLORY. I will state to my friend, the
chairman of the Committee of Waysand Means,
that this is, to all intents and purposes, merely
the repetition of a bill which passed this House
at the last session without any opposition at all.
It was passed, however, at so late a date that it
could not pass the Senate, and for that reason it
failed to become a law.
Mr. STEVENS. It is now early in the ses-
sion, and there can be no objection to having the
bill referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. I know very well that
the Central railroad of Pennsylvania desires its
passage, but, while I am not opposed to it, I de-
sire to look into it. This bridging of a navigable
stream is a senous matter, and should be well
guarded. I do not see anything wrong in it, but
I would greatly prefer to act after I have seen it.
Mr. ARNOLD. I suggest to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, and to the gentleman fiom
Kentucky, that if agreeable to the House, the bill
be ordered to be printed, and recommitted to the
committee, with leave to repoit at any time.
Mr. MALLORY- I am perfectly willing to
agree to that.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection.
Mr. ARNOLD. Then I ask that the bill be
printed and recommitted to the Committee on
Roads and Canals, with leave to report at any
tune.
The bill being read a first and second time, was
recommitted, and ordered to be printed.
M r. BROWN, of Wisconsin, offered an amend-
ment to tiie bill, and asked that it be ordered to
be pi inted.
It was so ordered. *
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, >
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed bills'of the following titles; in which he ;
was directed to ask the cone ui re nee of the House: ;
An act (No. 153) in addition to an act to amend
the laws io the Post Office Department, ,
approved March 3, 1863: ;
Joint resolution (No. 31) authorizing the issue |
of a register to the steamer Mohawk: and !
An act (No. 53) for the relief of Henry P. Blan- j
chard. 1
SHIP CANAL TO THE LAKES.
Mr. ARNOLD, from the Committee on Itsads
and Canals, reported back to the House, with a
recommendation that it do pass,a bill (H« R. No.
91) to construct a ship canal for the passage of
armed and naval vessels from the Mississippi river
to Lake Michigan, and for oth^r purposes. *
Mr. COX. I object to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The question is an the en-
grossment and third reading of the bill.
The bill was read in full.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
The fifth section of this bill and the last clause
of the fourth section seem to make an appropria-
tion. The last clause of the fourth section is in
reference to the mode of condemning the private
property which may be required for this canal,
which is to be paid for in accordance with the laws
of Illinois. That is in itself an appropriation of
money. The fifth section, also, I understand to
make an appropriation.
Mr. ARNOLD. The point which the gentle-
man from Indiana makes, was made at-the last
session to this bill and overruled. There is no
appropiiation of money in the bill. It provides
that the payments of money to be made shall be
from money hereafter to be appropriated. Bills
of this character, so far as the point of the gentle-
man is concerned, have been presented over and
over again in Congiess, and the decision has al-
ways been that they do not make an appropria-
tion in the sense that brings them under the rule
requiring them to have their first consideration in
a Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the de-
cision of the Speaker in the last Congress, affirmed
by a vote of the House, read.
The Cleric read, as follows:
" Mr. Olin, fiom the Committee on Military Affairs, to
whom the subject was refened, reported a bill (H.R. No. 714)
to construct a shtpranai for the passage of armed and naval
voxels from the Mit>-isstppi river to Lake Michigan, and
for ihe enlarscment of the locks of the Eiie canal and the
Oswego eauai of New Yoik, to adapt them to the defense of
the noithcrn lakes j which was. read a fust and second time.
" Ftliavmgbeen proposed topioceed to the consideration
of the hill,
" Mr. Holman made the point ot order thatmasnmch as
the filth petition provided for the payment of certain money
into the Treasury of the United States, and also makes an
appropriation ot the same, whereby it maybe taken outof
the Tieusury, the bill mu-t receive its first consideration
in Committee of the Whole.
" The Speaker sustained the said point of order."
" From this decision Mr. Washburne appealed.
" Pending which,
il Mr. Holm an moved that the appeal he laid on the table,
u And the question being put,
" It was decided m the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 37.
i( So the appeal was laid on the table."
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Speaker
of the House in the last Congress, affirmed by a
very large majority of the House, was based upon
a section of the bill which provided for putting
certain money into the Treasury of the United
States, and also providing for the paymentof the
same money, without a reappropriation by Con-
gress, therefore bringing it within the lule re-
quiring it to have its first consideration in a Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The fifth section of this bill reads as follows:
That the irvenues derived fiom the said canai and river,
over and above the expensesof management, and of lepair*
and expenditures theieon, -duli be paid into theTreasim of
the United State-*, and a separate account shall be kept of
vnrh ipecipN, find ilie sniiu^lia'l be apptopi nited as follows:
fitst, to the p.t\ ment ot the interest and piincipal expended
by the United States upon the said woik, &c.
The Chair is unable to see any dilference be-
tween this section, so far as the question of order
is conc< rned, and the section refer* ed to in the bill
of the last session,which the then Speaker decidcd
must have its first consideration in Committee of
theWholo. Ifthegenti eman can pointout any dis-
tinction the Chair would be happy to hear him.
The Chair, as at present ad vised, sustains the ques-
tion of order.
Mr. ARNOLD. The provision to which ref-
erence has been had was embodied in the bill by
inadvertence in (he preparation of the bill, and I
would ask whether it is in order for me to with-
' Mr.'C HOLM AN. I obj'-ct; and I submit the
noint that it must go to the Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order. The bill has already (no appeal having
been taken from the decision of the Chair) gone
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
