1038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
the Union. The Chair will, however, state to the
gentleman from Illinois that his committee have
two*mornings under the rale in which they may
present their reports, and that it will be in order
for the committee to report a new bill so modified
as they may desire.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to give notice that
if any new bill upon this subject is reported in
such shape as to avoid the question of order, I
will move to refer that to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. NORTON. I wish to know if it is not in
order to withdraw one section of a bill?
The SPEAKER. The bill has gone to the
Gommittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and there is nothing before the House.
Mr. DAWES. Cannot the gentleman with-
draw the bill ?
The SPEAKER. He cannot, for the reason
that the bill is in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and cannot be brought before
the House at this time, except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. DAWES. I understood the point of or-
der to have been made upon the presentation of
the report. If that be the fact, and the point of
order be sustained, the gentleman has the right
to withdraw his bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mistaken.
The bill was received by the House, and the
question stated upon its engrossment and third
reading. The gentleman from Indiana then raised
the question of order that the bill, making an ap-
propriation, must have its first consideration in
Committee of the Whole. No point was made
upon the reception of the report of the committee.
Mr. NORTON. I wish to ask if the gentle-
man from Illinois did not have the floor upon the
bill, and whether it could be taken from him by
another member?
The SPEAKER. He did have the floor; but
any member x-ising to a question of order eould
take the floor from him temporarily. The Chair
repeats that the bill is in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and that there is noth-
ing before the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Cannot the House di-
rect this bill to bo made a special order in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It can by a two-thirds vote
on Monday, and by unanimous consent to-day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest to my col-
league to make that request.
Mr, ARNOLD. I propose to report the bill
with that section stricken out.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Docs the gen-
tleman propose to report the bill now, or at some
future time? If he reports it now I rise to another
point of order.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman has not had
the consent of the committee to do that. He must
convene his committee before he can report a dif-
ferent bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can report
three or four bills on any subject referred to the
committee.
Mr. COX. I move to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. It is there now.
Mr. COX. The second bill >
The SPEAKER. It has not been reported at
the Clerk's desk.
Mr. HOLMAN. How long will the House
have to wait?
The SPEAKER. Until the morning hour ex-
pires.
Mr. 13ROWN, of Wisconsin. I rise to a point
of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will first ascer-
tain what the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ait-
noh.d] desires, and then he will hear the point of
order.
Mr. ARNOLD. I report from the Committee
on Roads and Canals the bill without the section
objected to.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois whether he has had the consent of the
committee sinee helms stricken out that section?
Mr. NORTON. I lise to a point of order 
Mr. STEVENS. I am upon the floor to a ques-
tion of order.
Mr. NORTON. If the gentleman from Illinois
had not the authority to report the bill he would
not do so.
Mr. STEVENS. Does he say so?
The SPEAKER. When the gentleman reports
the bill the Chair assumes that he has the right
to do so.
Mr. ARNOLD. In the absence of objection
from the committee, I consider that I have the
right to report it.
Mr. STEVENS. I make the point of order
that unless the gentleman says he has the consent
of the committee he cannot report the bill.
Mr. DAWES. Gentlemen cannot state what
transpired in committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustainsthe point
of order of the gentleman from Massachusetts. It
in not in order to refer in the House to the delib-
erations of a committee.
Mr. STEVENS. I made no such request. I
ask the gentleman whether he had authority from
the committee to report this bill?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman reported the
bill from the Committee on Roads and Canals,
and the Chair takes it for granted that hp has
authority.
Mr. STEVENS. Against the proof! This
question has been decided twenty times to my
knowledge.
The SPEAKER. It is now made for the twen-
ty-first time.
Mr. STEVENS. And for the first time over-
ruled.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois chooses to do so he can answer the interroga-
tory of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. NORTON. I call the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to order, as there is no proposi-
tion before the House to which his point is perti-
nent.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to make a point of order.
Mr. NORTON. The gentleman has no right
to debate.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the simple question
whether the gentleman from Illinois has the au-
thority of the committee to report this bill?
Mr. DAWES. Who authorized the gentle
man from Pennsylvania to interrogate the chair
man of the Committee on Roads and Canals?
Mr. STEVENS. The rules of the House.
Mr. DAWES. Have the rule read.
Mr. MOP^RILL. The question is one of fact
which I think the House has a right to know.
The SPEAKER. It is a matter for the gen-
tleman from Illinois.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. The gentleman from Illinois states that
in the absence of objection from the Committee
on Roads and Canals he assumes lie has their
authority. My point of order is that that dis-
closes the fact that ho has not authority.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No member has the
right to catechise my colleague. When he makes
a report from the committee there is ail end of it.
The SPEAKER. It would lead to inextiiea-
ble confusion to permit members to interrogate
in reference to what occurred in a committee.
The gentleman takes the responsibility of report-
ing tiie bill.
Mr. ARNOLD. I think, if I were permitted,
I could cite many instances in which (lie chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means has
reported bills from that committee without con-
sulting with the committee; and I need but appeal
to the meinbeis of that committee for the truth of
my assertion.
Mr. STEVENS. I never reported such a bill
in my life.
J\Ir. ARNOLD. I will not occupy the time of
tile House by discussing this mattei. I was about
to say 1 have no disposition to press the bill upon
the consideration of the House now.
Mr.tCOX. I move to refer the bill to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
upon the first reading of the bill. The bill will
be read the first lime, and then, if opposition is
continued, the question will be put to the Ileuse,
"Shall the bill be rejected?"
Mr. STEVENS. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. I understood the gentleman from
Illinois to say that in the absence of any objection
by the committee, lie considered himself author-
ized to report the bill. I understood the Chair to
consider that to be the response of the gentleman.
If so, 1 must appeal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the de-
cision from which the gentleman appeals. The
gentleman from Illinois rises in his place and
states that he is authorized by the Committee on
Roads and Canals to report a bill ; the gentleman
fromPennsylvania interrogates him as to whether
he is or is not authorized. The gentleman from
Illinois still states in response to a question by the
Chair that he feels himself authorized by the com-
mittee to report the bill. The Chair thinks the
gentleman'has a right to report the bill. From
that decision the gentleman from Pennsylvania
appeals.
Mr. STEVENS. Perhaps the Chair and my-
self did not understand the gentleman alike. His
answer was that in the absence of any objection
from the committee he felt himself authorized.
The SPEAKER. But the gentleman from Illi-
nois still insists that he feels himself authorized
to report the bill.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
Mr. STEVENS. If the statement of facts made
by the Speaker is correct, I withdraw my appeal.
But I do not understand the-facts as the Speaker-
does.
Mr. ARNOLD. I can remove all this difficulty.
I am authorized by a meeting of the Committee
on Roads and Canals to make that report. They
authorize me to report the bill and recommend its
passage.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read a first
time.
The bill was read a first time by its title, as fol-
lows: A bill to construct a ship canal for the pas-
sage of armed and naval vessels from the Mis-
sissippi river to Lake Michigan, and for other
purposes.
The bill was read in cxtenso.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to this bill
being read a second time?
Mr. ARNOLD. This bill has already been
read a first and second time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so un-
derstand it. This is a new bill just reported by
the gentleman. Ho could report it in no other
way. The previous bill which was introduced into
the House was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. EROWN, of Wisconsin. I object to a
second reading.
The SPEAKER. That question is debatable.
Mr. ARNOLD. I do not propose at the pres-
ent time to ask the House to consider this bill
with a view to put it upon its passage. 1 desire
and shall move to postpone the consideration of
the bill to a day certain, in order that a bill of this
magnitude, involving interests so large as this,
may leceive the full and fair consideration of this
House. It seems to me that a bill of this magni-
tude and importance to the whole country, not
to the West alone, but to the East, and to every
section of the country, is entitled to receive at the
hands of the House a fair consideration.
The bill which is now before the House is sub-
stantially the same bill reported at the last session
of Congress. It was carefully considered by the
Thirty-Seventh Congress, and it received the fa-
vorable report of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. It ims received the favoiable report of the
Committee on Roads and Canals, and it has again
and again been recommended to the favorable con-
sideration of Congress by the President of the
United States.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private Secietary,
informed the House that the President did, on
the 8di instant, approve and sign an act (H. R.
No. 43) to enable guardians and committees of
lunatics appointed within the several States to act
within the District of Columbia.
SHIP CANAL TO TIIE LAKES AGAIN.
Mr. APtNOLD. The Secretary of the Navy,
ill hi* report made to this House, states the im-
poitant fact that we have to-day on the Missis-
sippi and its branches more than one hundred
vessels of war. Wo have a larger naval force on
those waters than the entire Navy of the United
States at the time of the breaking out of this re-
bellion.
