1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2991
Post, Vicksbuig, and many other well-fought
fields attest their devotion to liberty and Union.
Their self-sacrificing heroism to maintain the
honor arid glory of the Republic has won for
them a tame moie enduring than granite and a
place in the hearts of their countrymen so long
as liberty shall be loved and justice respected.
I wish we could emulate the example of the
soldiers. The Democrat and the Republican have
gone together, side by side, fighting these great
battles for liberty and Union. They have allowed
no former political differences to divide them, or
to weaken their devotion to the cause. They
have fought side by side. If the Democrat falls
in battle the Republican gathers him in his arms,
composes his limbs in death, hollows out a little
place in the earth, and therein deposits his heioic
and sacred remains; he covers him tenderly with
the earth; he marks the spot where he lies, that
you muy know a hero sleeps there; lie drops a
tear upon the grave, and rushes again into the
thickest of the fight, if the Republican falls, his
Democratic comradeextends to him the same sa-
cred charity, forgets that he was a Republican,
and only remembers that he was a heroic soldier
of the Union. Why cannot we, far from the
roar of the battle, secure in the enjoyments of
peace—secured only by the heroism and devotion
of the Army—forget that we ever have been par-
tisans, and unite, with heart and hand, for the
suppression of the rebellion and the establish-
ment of "Liberty and Union, one and insepa-
rable?" • . ,
Mr. Speaker, I have already occupied too much
time. There is a great deal more that I would
like to say, but I must forbear. I implore the
House to adopt tlii.-. resolution. • 1 implore it to
stand by the Army and the country and the war
policy of the Administration, and the day is not
far distant when we may rejoice in the glorious
consummation of the eternal principles of liberty,
truth,and justice. There shall be no more slavery
and 110 more oppression, no more tyranny and
no more injustice, and our voices may go lip to-
gether in one grand diapason which will ascend
to heaven over a country reunited, over a people
disinthralled, and God will bless us. _
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The joint
resolutions under consideration, Mr. Speaker,
propose to amend the Constitution of the United
States so as to prevent the existence of slavery
in any of the States. Sir, I cannot favor this
amendment with my vote, for many reasons: .
1. The time proposed for the agitation of this
question is most inopportune. Our country is
rent by the throes of civil strife, and the Consti-
tution that you seek to amend by these resolu-
tions is being tested by the intense fires of rebel-
lion. Under such circumstances it is unwise to
make any alteration whatever. It is doing a
double injury to that sacred instrument, being, ill
my judgment, wrong in point of time as well as
impolitic and entirely uiiuecessaiy. In fact, sir,
I am convinced that the occasion does not now,
nor is it likely to, occur that will justify any
amendment of the kind pioposed.
2. It in substance says to the people of the se-
ceded States that we never will live on terms ot
peace within the Union so long as slavery has
any existence among them, and to this cxten
prevents any restoration ot the Union or reen- ,
forcement of the Constitution within their terri-
tory, exccpt after subjugation and annihilation
shall have been fully accomplished with a,! its
dire, bloody, and barbarous accompaniments.
3. It tends to that which at this time our people
have most to fear, a centralization of power and
a consolidated Government. It strikes at the
root of all State institutions, overturns and sets at
naught all local laws, and while it throws away
every hope of reconciliation, either now or in the
future it at the same moment looks to the en-
slavement of the white citizens of the country.
Sir if this is the beginning of a radical change
in our Constitution, is it not the foieiunner of
other usurpations of a like nature with those that
the Executive of this Government has from time
to time resorted to, setting aside tee laws ami the
Constitution, and the rights of individuals and
Srntes guaiantied by them? This change once
commenced will not stop, but go on from usurpa-
tion to usurpation, until ^
Bi-e swallowed up in acommon linn, -the rresi
dent and those who surround him have so fax
ignored all law and rights that we may nextexpect
to see introduced in this body amendments per-
manently striking out the writ of habeas corpus.
Then will follow the erasure of the second section
of article four of the Constitution, third clause-
•• No person held to service or labor in one State, under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged
fiora such service 01 labor, but shall be delivered up on
claim of the pauy to whom such service or labor may be
due."
Which you have practically done already. Fol-
lowing in the wake of the extinction of this char-
tered right will be the destruction of a free press,
to be placed under the absolute control and dic-
tation of an Executive, perhaps an ambitious one,
and allowed only to publish such matter as shall
meet the approving caprice of his excellency or
some of his agents who shall be assigned to this
degradingduty. Then, sir, the rightoffree speech,
freedom of conscience, and trial by jury wiU be
demanded to complete the holocaust on the altar
of a despotism as ruthless as it is unrelenting.
This fearful sacrifice of our liberties will be inter-
spersed at will by the agreeable pastime ot stealing
property, gobbling up Legislatures, men thrown
in and let out of prison, being neither informed
why they w6re put in or why they were let out,
and redress denied for wrongs inflicted. This
you have tried to do by the act of March 3,1863,
section four, which makes the order of the
President a good defense against such ai rests, to
wit:
ee That any order of the President, or under his authoiity,
made at any tune during the existence ot the present re-
bellion, felialI be a detente in all courts to any action or
piosccutioiu civil or criminal, pending, or to be com-
menced, tor any search, seizure, aire.-,t, or imprisonment,
made, done, or committed, or acts omitted to be done, nn-
dei and by virtue of such oider, or under color of any law
ot .\nd Mich detente may be made by special
plea or "under the geneial ifrsuc."
This section the party in power were quite
aware the Supreme Court would declare uncon-
stitutional, and to remedy that you have passed
the seventh section, limiting the time in which
suit must be instituted to two years. This you
could do, this you did do, but was it rightor just
thus to act? ... ■
A most remarkable similarity exists 111 the
acts of this Administration toward the people of
the North and those that were pcrpeuaxed by the
mother country against the colonics, and which
called forth from those colonies and now these
States such able, persevering, and just appeals
for redress. These like acts in a great measure
produced the Revolution, whereby the mother
country lost the colonies. Some may think 1
speak without the record. To it I appeal.
In the first Continental Congress, man address
containing a declaration of rights, it was held that
seizing or attempting to seize any American m
order to transport him over the seas foe tual was
a violation of the lights and privileges of the
colonies. Dots not this Administration almost
daily transport citizens from State to State fiom
fort to fort without any legal procedure whatever.
It broke up and dispersed or imprisoned the Le-
gislature of Mary land. Parliament in like manner
in 1767 suspended the functions of the New Yoik
Assembly. My friends from Illinois have the mis-
fortune to have a Governor at this time who as-
sumed a like despotic prerogative. In 17bo the
stamp act was passed; and if you examine it yen.
will find the same interference with therightof
bv jury through an adiniraltyjunsdietion, trans-
ferrin0, decisions of the law and trials of persons
from "hecolonialcourts.whereit of right belonged,
lo the admiralty courts of England, presided ove
bv the pets of the Crown; and, sir, now, in X b4,
the ri ht of trial by jury is interrupted by mili-
tary power, in each case the result being alike.
The Gazetteer of that day tells usi that one Cap-
tain McDougal was arrested in NtwYoik be
cause he sawfit to speak freely his opinions. How
many hundreds of such cases have occurred since
tins Administration came into power? us was
one of the grievances complained of by tne colo
mes and r. dress being refused they fell back upon
then' inalienable right of life with liberty il life at
d"in 1774 town meetings were interdicted by act
of Parliament. What have gentlemen from hx>-
tuckv to say as to the same despotic pioctedin„
in their own sovereign State? Her recent hibtoiy
shows that without even the flimsy pretext of an
unconstitutional enactment, similar, ay, worse,
interferences have taken place with the freedom
of speech. Public meetings in my own district
have been interrupted under the quasi approval of
the police, and would have been broken up but
for the gritof those who composed the assembly.
Sir, I am one of those who obey the laws. 1
never did and never will counsel or countenance
any resistance thereto, but when the right of the
people to assemble peaceably and discuss their
grievances is trampled down by unconstitutional
enactmentsor the illegaland unwarranted exercise
of military force, then, then, sir, I would say to
the people:
"Tlimk through whom your life-blood tracks Us parent
course,
And then—ttrike homo !"
The suspension of newspapers occurred at the
same early period that marked the interference
with public meetings by the minions of the Brit-
ish Cvown. In our own day, side by side with
the breaking up of public assemblages, goes the
invasionof newspaper officesand the suppression
of their publication. Is not the parallel complete ?
Mr. Speaker, I cling to the States as a ship-
wrecked man clings to the plank. They gave
the Constitution birth. We lived under it hap-
pily, cheerfully, and prosperously up to the ad-
vent of this Administration. I believe a change
of the Administration will again make us united,
happy, and prosperous. I look to its approach
with a hope full of promise. I will hail it as a
glad return from the decaying era of the Roman
republic, when spies, informers, and a despotic
military power prevailed against civil liberty, and
made her the " lone mother of dead empires.
But if the great conservative party of the country
is beaten in the coming presidential campaignI
see no hope, unless a power mightier than man s
so rules the heart and judgment of the Executive
as to cause him to acknowledge his errors, cor-
rect them, and by carrying out the principles enun-
ciated in his inaugural entitle himself to the good
opinion of all who love truth and constitutional
liberty. If this unlooked-for change should occur,
such another exhibition will be witnessed as took
place in Congress in April, 1861, when the nation,
through her representatives, spoke almost as one
man in favor of crushing the rebellion, yet main-
taining, " unimpaired, the rights of the States.
Sir, there is a fixed and growing belief ill the
public mind that the conduct of this Administration
is not what itshouldbe; hence, 1 in all sincerity
desire a change such as will reestablish confidence
among the people, and thus strengthen the capa-
city of the North to restore the Union, and pre-
serve, protect, and defend the Constitution and the
laws enacted under its provisions. Letusgetnii
of all laws extracted through imaginary implica-
tions of thatinstrument. Let the Administration
walk up to the line of policy and principle upon
which a large majority of the people agree, sianil
firmly and immovably there, and I will predict
no failure ill the success of our efforts to bring
about amity among the now parted States. Ill is
feeling was shown at the period to which 1 have
alluded through the channel of volunteering,
whereas now, under the changed policy of the
Administration, drafting has failed and volunteer-
in" is of the past. Universal conscription comes
next. The beginning of the war found a united
Noith and a divided South in sentiment and ac-
tion. How,sit to-day? Under the inroads upon
the Constitution by those in power we find the
South united, and the North, to a gieat extent,
almost equally divided. •
Sir, I maintain that the only mode in which
the Union can be restored and put on the march
of" a newer and more gloiious progress, is by
liavin- due regaid to the mutual advantages and
interests of the States. This will rest our liber-
ties on a solid basis. Tins cannot be done by
laving waste their lands, or by carrying off then
property, or by endeavoring to make the African
[hat which God did not intend—the physical,
mental, and social equal of the w^
rin it bo done bv tinkering with the Oonstitu
t,o , as IS now reposed. Let the. Constitution
one 11 is good enough. Under it we grew in
| power and dignity until the civilized worid
LmpeUed to admit the ' J^nal
i Reli-covenmient. J-*ei. uit. v
i tree "stand in all its fullness and beauty, not a
I leaf withered and dropping, not a bough dead and
