THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 17, 1864.
New Series No. 188".
not, under the pretense of amending the Consti-
tution, subvert the structure, spirit, and theory
of this Government.
Mr. THAYER. Does the gentleman expect
me to answer his question now?
Mr. PENDLETON. Certainly. I will yield
to the gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. THAYER. I say distinctly that it is in
the power of the people of this country to ercct
any Government that the people may choose. I
will say, further, that the weakness of an argu-
ment is often shown by putting an extreme case
like that which the gentleman puts,and which is
scarcely within the range of human probability.
Mr. PENDLETON. It is not a question of
human probability. The question is whether the
power exists under the Constitution to do it.
Mr. THAYER. In answer to that I will say
that the powers of the people under the Consti-
tution are unlimited except in the case of the par-
ticulars in which by the Constitution they are
limited.
Mr. PENDLETON. That is a different prop-
osition. The gentleman thinks that there is power
under the pretense of amending the Constitution
to revolutionize it. He thinks it competent to
change this Government into a monarchy or into
an oligarchy; to change it not by the mere force
of arms under the rights of revolution, but under
this wiitten Constitution. He believes that one
fourth of the States are bound hand and foot, and
must submit to anything that the other three
fourths attemptto impose upon them.
Mr. THAYER. I think it competent for a
majority of the people of this country to determ-
ine what shall be the character of the institutions
of the country.
Mr. PENDLETON. Do you think it compe-
tent for a majority to do it under the provisions
of the Constitution ?
jtfr. THAYER. I do.
Mr. PEN DLETON. Then why is it that three
fourths of the States are required to ratify the
amendment of the Constitution? Why not sim-
ply require a majority of all the people of the
States?
Mr. THAYER. Because three fourths of the
States is the constitutional majority which it re-
quires to accomplish it. When I speak of a ma-
joiity I mean, of course, a constitutional majority.
Mr. PENDLETON. Exactly. That is the
Constitution. And therefore it is not competent
for a majouty of the people, under the Consti-
tution, to change this Government as they see fit.
Mr. THAYER. When I spoke of a majority,
I meant a construtional majority.
Mr. WADSWOttTH. 1 beg the gentleman
from Ohio to indulge me for a single question.
Mr. PENDLETON. For only a single one.
Mr. WADS WORTH. I wish to know wheth-
er, under the doctrine of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania,[Mr. Thayer.,] three fourths of the
States could compcl all the Suites to have slavery.
Mr. PENDLETON. I yield for a moment
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania may say
" yes" or " no" to that proposition.
Mr. THAYER. I believe that under the Con-
stitution three fourths of tiieStates might legalize
it in all the States; and allow me to add that m
saying that I stand by that Constitution which
gentlemen on that side of the House make a great
show of upholding until there is a practical ques-
tion presented under it for our action, when they
oppose its plain provisions.
Mr. PENDLETON. I agree to no such doc-
trine. I repudiate it entirely. There is in three
fourths of the States neither the power to estab-
lish nor to abolish slavery in all the States. The
gentleman says I put an impiobable case. I ad-
mit it. I did so purposely. 1 desired to test the
extent of the constitutional power. 1 desired to
show that the power was to amend, not to revo-
lutionize, not to subvert the fonri and spirit and
theory of the Government. The Federal Gov-
ernment has powerovcr the relations ol the States
with foreign nations, and the relations of the
States as between and among themselves. It has
188
no power over the purely internal affairs of the
State. This principle was as familiar as house-
hold words three years ago. Every power del-
egated to the Federal Government relates either
to the international or the inter-State relation's of
the United States. Every power prohibited to
the States affects the same relations, and them
only". The domestic internal affairs of a State,
having no connection with the Federal Govern-
ment, or with foreign nations, or with the other
States, are reserved to the absolute, exclusive sov-
ereign power of the States respectively, and to
the people thereof. The other States are not af-
fected by them, and have no interest in them.
The Federal Government has no cognizance of
them. The power of amendment which is con-
fided to three fourths of the States dots not reach
them,'nor the power to regulute them, but is lim-
ited to the subjects and powers delegated to the
United States. It is not competent, in my judg-
ment, for three fourths of the States to abolish
that provision of the Constitution by which no
new State shall be formed within the jurisdiction
of any other State, nor any State be formed by the
junction of two or more States, without the con-
sent of the Legislatures, and give to the Congress
thepower to subdivide orunite the States; norisit
competent for three fourths of the States to amend
the Constitution so as to give to the Federal Gov-
ernment the power to appoint the Governois of
the States, nor to prescribe the qualifications of
electois in the State, nor the number or qualifi-
cations of the members of its Legislature, nor to
amendtheconstitution oflheStaie. Three fourths
of the States might change the war-making power,
or the power to regulate commerce, or thepower
to make treaties. Three fourths of the States may
abolish the three-fifths rule of lepresentation, or
the provision for the rendition of fugitive slaves,
or the rule for imposing direct taxes. All these
amendments may be made, because they relate
to inter-State affairs. They relate to the con-
nections of the States as between themselves, or
as between the States and foreign nations. But
neither three fourths of the States, nor all the
States save one, can abolish slavery m that dis-
senting State, because it lies within the domain
reserved entirely to each State for itself, and upon
it the other States cannotenter.
I have said nothing about the purposes sought
to be accomplished by this amendment. I do not
intend to. if the institution of slavery were all
that gentlemen in this debate have declared it to
be, if its abolition were as desirable as they assert,
I, for one, would still not yield the position which
I have taken. I would deny the power of the
States to touch it outside their own limits, and I
find my satisfaction in the fact that the people of
the States themselves could and doubtless would
correct the evil. But if this amendment were
within the constitutional power of amendment;
if this were a proper time to consider it; if three
fourths of the States were willing to ratify it;
and if it did not require the fraudulent use of
power either m this House or in the executive
department to secure its adoption, I would still
lesist the passage of this resolution, it is another
step toward consolidation, and consolidation is
despotism; confederation is liberty.
1 believe, sir, in the doctime of State rights.
1 know it is fashionable to-day to denounce it.
I know that regaid for it has been diminished in
the public mmd; and I know also that in the
same degree has love of union waned, and want
of harmony among the States increased.
The colonies were ongmally independent of each
other. Their only connection was through the
British Crown. New York was as independent
of Virginia as of India; Massachusetts was as
independent of Pennsylvania as ot New Zea-
land. At times, when threatened with an Indian
war, or pressed by somf oilier common danger,
they took counsel together, and asked fot their
common piotection. In early times the New
England colonies formed a league, but it was
finally dissolved in 16S8. In 1754 war with France
was imminen t, and delegates from the colonies met
at Albany. The convention was held under the
auspices of the British Government. The dele-
gates unanimously declared in favor of a Federal
Union, ami adopted a scheme of confederation
prepared by Franklin. It was disapproved by
the mother Government and by every provincial
Assembly. The encroachments of the Crown
roused the colonies again to the necessity of
union. In 1774 they sent delegates to Philadel-
phia. They were sent for consultation and ad-
vice. They exhausted their power in doing that.
Their successors met in 1775. It was the revo-
lutionary Congress. It was that Congress whose
State papers Lord Chatham declared to be un-
surpassed in the history of diplomacy. Their
authority was to take counsel; their legislation
was recommendation. They sat for a year,
and then they declared that the united colonies
were free and independent States—not a State—
hut each a free and independent State; and to
maintain this declaration they pledged each to
the other " their lives, their fortunes, and their
sacred honor." This declaration converted col-
onies into independent States, whose sole relation
to each other would thenceforth depend upon
their own will.
On the same day the Articles of Confederation
were proposed. They were adopted by the first
State in July, 1778, by the last in 1781. We have
been told lately by one high in authority that the
States weronever out of the Union. What was their
condition between July, 1776, and July, 1778?
They were independentStates cooperating, acting
m unison, uniting their armies for their common
defense. There were nodefined relations, no fixed
duties, no prescribed obligations. There was no
tieaty, no compact, no contract; some of them
were ready to enter into confederation, some had
authorized their delegates to agree to and sign arti-
cles. Butthis had not been done, and until it was
done the cooperation was purely voluntary, and '
each State was the sole judge of the extent and
character ofits cooperation. The pressure of war
ceased. The Articles of Confederation were dis-
regarded; the Union was fastgoingto pieces; the
Convention which framed the Constitution met.
The student of political history will find much to
interesthim. The men of this day would find food
for reflection in the history of parties and of men
in that Convention. Randolph and Madison of
Virginia, Pmckney of South Caiohna, scarcely
less than Hamilton, were advocates of a strong
consolidated Government. Oppressed by a sense
of the insufficiency ofthe powerofthe Confedera-
tion of which they each had large experience, they
sought a remedy in centralization. They were
citizens of large States, and large States were safe
by reason of their numbers and wealth. The del-
egates fiom the small States wore opposed to con-
solidation. New Hampshire, Connecticut, New
Jersey, Delaware were the friends of confedera-
tion. I have not time to trace the action of the
Convention. 1 will content myself with one or
two particulars as illustrations of the spirit of the
members and of the conclusions which were at-
tained.
Mr. Hamilton proposed that the Governors of
the States should be appointed by the General
Government. Mr. Poickney declared himself
warmly in favor of this plan, and desil ed in addi-
tion to give the Governor a control over State
laws. It met apparently with little favor, how*
ever, and was not pressed.
The power of the national Legislature to neg-
ative the laws ofthe States elicited much discus-
sion. Mr. Randolph proposed that the power
should extend to all laws 44 contravening, in the
opinion of the national Legislature, thearttcleeof
Union or any treaty subsisting under the author-
ity of the Union." Mr. Charles Pmckney pro-
posed that it should extend to "revise the laws
ofthe several States that may be supposed to in-
fringe the powers exclusively delegated by the
Constitution to Congress, and to negative ami
annul such as do." Mr. Charles Co'esworlh
Pinckney moved " that the national Legislature
should have authority to negative altlaws which
