2994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
they should jud^e to be improper," Mr, Madi-
son seconded the motion. " He could not but
regard an indefinite power to negative legislative
acts of the States as absolutely necessary to a
perfect system." The debate was warm. Mr.
Pinckriey's motion was rejected, Massachusetts,
Pennsylvania, and Virginia only voting for it.
And the proposition of Mr. Randolph was also
rejected, Massachusetts and Virginia alone vot-
ing for it. (Madison Papers, 732, 735, 1116.)
It was in this debate that Mr. Madison said:
"Should no such precaution be taken the only remedy
would be an appeal to coercion. Was such a remedy eligi-
ble? Was it practicable ? Could the national resources,
it exerted to the utmost, enforce a national dccrcc agam>t
Massachusetts, abetted, perhaps, by several of tier neigh-
bors? It would not be possible. Any government for the
United States formed on the supposed practicability of
using force against the unconstitutional pioceedinys of the
States would piove as visionary as the government of Con-
gress."—Madison Papers, 829.
Ant! or) the question whether any negative of
any kind on State laws should be given, the vote
stood: New Hampshire, Pennsylvania, Delaware,
Maryland, Virginia, in favor of, and Massachu-
setts, Connecticut, New Jersey, North Carolina,
South Carolina, Georgia, against it. (Madison
1 Papers, 1412.)
The rule of suffrage in the national Legislature
was so difficult of adjustment as to jeopard the
continuance of the Convention. The contest was
between those who insisted on an equality of votes
as in the Confederation and those who desired to
apportion the votes according to numbers or other-
wise. The large States—Massachusetts, Penn-
sylvania, Virginia, South Carolina—voted stead-
ily for an inequality of vote. This rule for the
first branch was readily adopted, New Jersey
and Delaware alone dissenting. And upon the
question of applying the same rule to the Senate,
Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, Virginia, North
Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, voted for
it. (Madison Papers, 843.)
An accommodation was finally effected between
the parties by giving to each State representation
in the House according to population,and in the
Senate an equal representation; and against this
adjustment Pennsylvania, Virginia, South Car-
olina, and Georgia voted to the last; Massachu-
setts divided. (Madison Papers, 1107.)
i have not time to discuss the various views
put forward in relation to the various modes of
electing the President, nor to show the position
of the States and the delegates on that point.
The same general spirit pervaded the discussion,
and the votes were deteimmed generally by the
desire or the fear of a strong consolidated gov-
ernment.
The Constitution was adopted. It was sub-
mitted to the States for ratification.
Madison and Hamilton, both members of the
Convention, both disappointed by the defeat of
some of their favorite provisions, both anxious
for a stronger national Government, and for the
subordination if not the destruction of tiie State
governments, understood well the intention of
the Convention and the meaning of the Constitu-
tion. They urged its ratification in the Feder-
alist.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has
spoken of" the pestilent doctrine of State rights;"
and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Baldwin] has said " State sovereignty never was
anything more than a dream of theorists." I
confront them with Hamilton:
"The State governments, by their original constitutions,
are invested wall complete sovereignty." * * *
* " An entire consolidation of the States into one com-
plete national sovereignty would imply an entno subor-
dination of the parts; and whatever powers might remain
in them would be aitogetherdependenton the general will.
But as the plan of the Convention aims only at a partial
union or consolidation, the State governments would clear-
ly retain all the lights of sovereignly which they before
bad, and which were not by that act exclusively delegated
to the United States." * * * * "The rule
that all the authorities of which the States are not ex-
plicitly divested in favor of the Union remain witti them
in full vigor, i? not, only a theoretical consequence of that
division, (t e.. of sovereign power,) but is clearly admitted
by the whole tenor of the instrument which contains the
ai tides ot the pioposed Constitution."—federalist. Nos.3l,
&>.
i confront them with Madison:
"In this relation, then, the piopo od Government can-
not be considered a national one, since its jurisdiction ex-
tends to ceitam enumeiated ai tides only, and leaves to the
several States a rc^iduaiy and inviolable sovereignty over
ali other objects."—Federalist; No. 39.
My colleague [Mr. Garfield] says, "The
States have no flag, have no army, cannot declare
war, cannot make peace; how then can they be
sovereign ?" Sovereign power can forbear the ex-
ercise of any attribute; can delegate its exercise
to another. 11 requires-an act of sovereign power
to delegate these powers of declaring war and
making peace. But if the gentleman denies the
sovereign power of the States because they have
agreed to delegate certain powers to the Federal
Government, upon what ground will he claim
sovereignty for the Federal Government, whose
powers are all delegated, and which cannot now
and never could provide a tribunal or a law by
which the citizen of a State may recover from a
citizen of the same State the amount of a simple
promissory note ?
The Constitution was adopted by the States,
not by the people as a nation, nor yet by the peo-
ple of the States, but by the States themselves:
" Each State in ratifying the Constitution is considered
as a sovereign body, independent of all others, and only to
be bound by its own voluntary act."—Madison Papers,
No. 39.
The States ratified the Constitution, and the
citizens of each State owed obedience to it by rea-
son of the ratification by that State. Their alle-
giance to it was through their State, given by its
command, transferred by its act. The State of
Massachusetts adopted the Federal Constitution;
by that act that State became a member of the
Federal Union; and in this wise, and this alone,
the citizens of Massachusetts were compelled,
were entitled, to recognize its authority. If Mas-
sachusetts had rejected the Constitution, its citi-
zens would have owed no obedience to, would
have had no interest in, would have been entitled
to no protection from the Federal Government.
Rhode Island did not ratify the Constitution till
May, 1790, one year after the inauguration of the
new Government. What was hercondition in the
interval ? The old Confederation had been entirely
dissolved. She had not become a member of the
new one. Was she not then an independent, sov-
ereign State? Was she not a "State out of the
Union r"
The discussions during this period had caused
a searching investigation of the nature of the Fed-
eral Government, itscharacterasanationalGov-
ernment had been asserted. The powers and
rights of the States had been questioned. The
ratifying conventions demanded that all uncer-
tainty on this point should be dispelled. The
First Congress proposed and within six months
nine States adopted the amendment to the Con-
stitution, that
" All powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved
to the States respectively, or to the people."
The pure character, the spotless patriotism, the
unfaltering firmness of Washington sufficed to
delay the struggle between confederation and
consolidation in the early administration of the
new Government. It came in the days of John
Adams. The alien and sedition laws were the
occasion. The States of Virginia and Kentucky
declared their fixed opinion and purpose. Other
States responded; the struggle was severe, butits
termination gave possession of the administration
for twenty-four years to Jefferson and Madison
and Monroe, and that party which adhered to the
declaration of principles contained in the Resolu-
tions of 1798 and 1799. They declare that the
powers of the Federal Government result u from
the compact to which the States are parties;"
that they are is limited by the plain sense and in-
tention of the instrument constituting that com-
pact;" that they "are no further valid than they
are authorized by the grants enumerated in that
compact;" and that in case of a deliberate, palpa-
ble, and dangerous cxcrcise of other powers not
granted by the said compact, the States who are
parties thereto have the right and are in duty
bound to interpose for arresting the progress of
the evil, and for maintaining within theirrespect-
ive limits the authorities, rights,and liberties ap-
pertaining to them."
Mr. Speaker, 1 have entered into this histor-
ical examination not for the purpose of insisting
upon the use of mere names, or of discussing any
questions which are just now rather speculative
than practical. They all find their solution in
the logical deductions from these premises. I de-
sired rather to assert the true theory and nature
of the Government in order to solve this pending
question. I have desired to maintain that the
States are sovereign; that their powers are inher-
ent; that they comprise the undelegated mass;
that the Federal Government is their agent, de-
rives all its powers from them, exercises its pow-
ers in their name; that its duties are few and de-
fined, and its powers are few and simple, some-
times exclusive and far-reaching, but always lim-
ited to the grants declared in the Constitution. {
have done this in order that I might bring vividly
to the mind of each gentleman here that this Gov-
ernment was designed to be a confederation of
States, not a consolidated empire, and to beg
them, amidst the temptations of these evil days,
to adhere to the wise design of its original forma-
tion.
The experience of seventy-five years has con-
firmed the wisdom of the fathers. The States
administering their own internal affairs, the Fed-
eral Government regulating their international
and inter-State relations, have each fulfilled their
respective duties and exercised in harmony their
respective powers. We have had peace and pros-
perity; we have had liberty ana social order;
we have had variety of institutions in the parts,
and unity and vigor in the whole; we have solved
the problem of large confederations; we have
reconciled the liberty of. the citizen with the ex-
pansion of empire; individuals have been free;
communities have been self-governing; minori-
ties have been protected. The theory of State
sovereignty, the theory of State rights, has done
this. 1 beg gentlemen not to depart from it. I
beg them not to be seduced into the idea that we
can be more free or more prosperous or more
happy by breaking down the States and substitut-
ing for their just influence the unbridled will of
a majority of the whole people. We do not need
uniformity of institutions. Their very variety
develops' the good in all. Organized communi-
ties, with all the powers of well-ordered and set-
tled State governments, are the best security for
the personal liberties and material interests of all
the people. We of the Northwest will have little
to fear if you insist upon a change. Our coun-
try, rich in all the products of a fruitful soife, is
prolific of men. If the rule of a consolidated
majority is to prevail, we can from our northern
prairies send down a countless host under whose
mighty tread the institutions of pigmy States and
small communities will be trampled in the dust.
Illinois has more voters than IStew Hampshire,
Vermont, and Connecticut. Ohio has more voters
than Maine, Massachusetts, and Rhode Island.
Teach them that power resides in numbers alone;
teach them that the institutions of the States are
not sacred from their touch: while they attack
the institution of slavery to-day you may smile,
but to-morrow you will tremble when your re-
ligion, your manufactures, your capital are wrest-
ed from your control and subjected to their will.
You have no safety but in the maintenance of
your State governments, no security for your
liberty, your property, your prosperity but in
the protection of the rights of minorities under
the power of firm, well-established communities.
We have gone too far toward consolidation al-
ready. Federal poweris encroachingon the States.
The Executive is displacing the Legislature; the
rights of individuals are not safe; the rights of
minorities are not respected; power is raising it-
self above law, above Constitution, and putting
the safeguards of liberty and the guarantees of good
government beneath his feet. This House de-
clares that it cannot look with satisfaction upon
the establishment of an Austrian empire upon the
ruins of a Mexican republic, and thereupon the
President makes haste humbly to tell the Emperor
of the French that although the House expresses
the unanimous sentiment of our people, he governs
the foreign affairs of the country,and thatho will
defy that sentiment in his action. Arguelles seeks
asylum in New York. 'He is demanded as a slave-
trader by the Cuban authorities, and the Presi-
dent and the Secretary of State, without treaty,
without law, without judicial investigation, in vi-
j olation of the rights of New York, m violation of
the Constitution of the United States, command
that he be secretly kidnapped in the night, and
that to avoid a habeas corpus he be hidden away
till the vessel sails for Cuba. We must retrace
our steps; we must return to State rights. They
arc the conservators of liberty; they are the con-
