201B
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
order be laid aside informally that the Senator
may conclude.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection, that course will be pursued. The Chair
bears no objection. The Senator will proceed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It will be observed by
Senators that the Committee on Public Lands of
the House of Representatives in 1842 arrived at
this conclusion, that by the grant of land to the
Territory of Wisconsin in 1838 the Territory be-
came the trustee and the canal company the ben-
eficiary, and that the Territory and Congress to-
gether could not repeal that grant so as to divest
the beneficial irfterests of the canal company, and
a resolution of the. body indorsed that view of
the committee.
In I860 the question was before the Legislature
of Wisconsin,and the committee on the judiciary
oftheSenateof thcLegisJatureofWisconsin made
a report upon this subject, and took the same view
that was taken by the Committee on Public Lands
of the House of Representatives in 1842, so that
the House of Representatives of the United States
and the Senate of Wisconsin concur m the view
that the grant was for the benefit of the canal
company, and that the Temtory was but the
trustee to hold that grant for such benefit. But
in 1844 and 1846 the territorial Legislature of
Wisconsin showed a disposition to throw off the
responsibility that was upon it as the trustee for
the canal company, and in 1846 the territorial
Legislature passed an act declmmg that the Ter-
ritory would no longer act as a trustee for the
canal company, but that these lands should be
held for another purpose, and that the monoy then
in the treasuiyfrom the lands already sold should
be appropriated, not to the construction of the
canat, but to the payment of the expenses of the
constitutional convention and other territorial ex-
penses. This wasthe firstactof direct repudiation
on the part of the territorial Legislature of its obli-
gations under the grant of 1838. Kiorn thattisne
forward none of the funds arising from the sales of
(he granted lands were used in the construction of
the canal, hut the funds were used in payment of
the expends oi the constitutional convention
and other terntonal expenses of the Temtory of
Wisconsin. But when the territorial Legisla-
ture refused further to apply the funds icceived
from the sale of the granted lands to the con-
struction of the canal, and violated its obligation
under the trust, it had the good conscience to
provide " that the faith of the Territory and fu-
ture State of Wisconsin is hereby pledged to re-
pay to the stud canal fund the sum winch shall
be diverted in pursuance of'the above resolutions
to tiie purposes aforesaid, whenever the same
shall be required to be repaid, for the purpose of
executing the trust created by Congress in mak-
ing the 4 canal grant;' and all laws contravening
these are hereby repealed." So that when the
territorial Legislature said that the money te-
ceived from the sale of the granted lands should be
used lor the payment of the tenitorial expenses,
it said that the faith of the Territory and the faith
of tiie new State of Wisconsin should be pledged
to return to the canal fund the money which should
 be thus diverted.
During the same year, 1846, Congress passed
an act to enable the people of the Teiritory of
Wiseonsm to lorm a Slate government ami a State,
constitution. One of the provisions of that law
1 will read:
''That five pei cent of the net pioeeeds of sale* of all
public kinds iymg within fie* said State, winch have been
or shall be bold Ijj Connies-., iioni ami aitei tu,* .uimisMon
of said State into tin* Union, aitei deducting ali ihe ex-
penses incident to the same, -hall be paid io tiie s.nd £taru
lor the putpo-e oi nuking public loads and eanat- m the
s-ame, as the Legislature shall dneot."
This is the ordinary appropriation to the west-
ern States upon their admission into the Union of
live per cent, ot the proceeds of the sales of the
pubhc lands; but in this case by the act of 184G
t h:s five per cent, fund was to be used in the con-
struction of public roads and canals in the State
of Wjscongin. The constitutional convention
which wasor&anized puisuant to this enabling
act m *r in 1848, and among other resolutions
ai/optuU these:
L Resolved, That the Congress of the United States
be. and is heioby, requested, upon the application ol Wis-
consin tor admission into the Union, s<> to aitei the pio-
vt-aona of an act of Congress entitled 'An act to mant a
i.wauy of Jaiid io the Territory oi Wisconsin lor the pur
of aiding in opting a raual to connect the water* oi
Lake Michigan with those of Kocfc liver,' approved June
18,1838. and so to alter the tci nr; and conditions of the grant
made (herein, that the odd numbered sections theteby
granted and remaining unsold may be field and disposed
of by the State of Wisconsin as pait of the five hundred
thousand acres of land to wnich said State is entitled by
the provisions of an act of Congress entitled 'An act to ap-
propriate the proceeds of the sales of public lands and to
grant preemption rights,* approved tiie 4tii day of Septem-
ber, 1841."
It will be recollected by Senators that under
the act of 1841 the new States were entitled each
to five hundred thousand acres of the public lands.
This first resolution of the constitutional conven-
tion of Wisconsin asked Congress so to modify
the canal grant that the unsold portion of the
granted land^hould constitute a part of the five
hundred thousand acres coming to the State of
Wisconsin. The fourth resolution was:
"4. Ucsolvcd, That Congress be requested, upon the ap-
plication of Wisconsin for admission into the Union, to
pass an act whereby the giant of five hundred thousand
acres of land, to which the Slate of Wisconsin is entitled
by the provision- ol an act of Congress entitled 'An act to
approptiate the ptoeceds of the sales of public lands, and
grant preemption lights,' appioved the 4th day ot Septem-
ber, 1841, and nit-o the five per cent, of the proceeds of
the public lands, lying within the State, to winch it shall
become entitled on it-: admission into the Union by tiie pro-
vision^ oi ail act oi Congress entitled 'An aet to enable the
people of Wisconsin Territory to lorm a constitution and
State government, and lor the admission of such State into
the Union,' appioved the Gth day of AugiM, 1843, shall be
granted to the -State of Wisconsin loi the u->e of school*,
in teud of the pmposes mentioned in wud act* of Congress
le-pectively
By the act of Congress of May 29, 1848, ad-
mitting the State into the Union, it was provided:
" That the absent of Congress is heieby given tothe.jirs^
second,juuith, and tilth resolutions adopted by said con-
vention, and appended to said constitution ; and the acts
of Congress refeired to m the t-aid icsolutions are heiehy
dfcwmended so that the lands granted by the provisions of the
•fpieveral acts roiuoed to m the said fir^t and louith lesolu-
tions, and the proceed* of said lauds, and the five per cent,
of the net proceed* of the pubhc land.- theieiu mentioned,
shall be held ami deposed of by said riiate in the uiannct
and tor ihe puipo-.es recommended by said convention
* * * * ^Piovidetl, Th.itthe liabilities inclined
by the temtoiia! government of Wisconsin under Ihe act
< ntuled 'An aet to mant a quantity ol laud to the Temtoiy
ot Wisconsin for the pin pose ot aiding m opening a canal
to connect the, wateis ol Luke Michigan wall those of
Uoek i iver, - heictnbefote relet red to, shall be paidauddif-
ehaiged i>> the Stale of Wisconsin.''
These are the laws to which 1 feel it important
to call tiie attention of the Senate, to understand
the respective rights of the General Government
and of ihe canal company, and the obligations of
the State of Wisconsin, from which the Senate
will perceive that (he land grant of 1838 was made
by Congress to the Territory, not for us own
benefit, but for the benefit of the canal company,
to raise a fund to complete the construction of the
canal, and after the canal should be constructed,
to secure the payment to the subscribers of the
money subset ibed by them with seven per cent,
interest thereon; that the Territory became the
trustee, the canal company the beneficiary; that
ni 1846 the Territorial Legislature repudiated the
trust, disiegarded its obligation after it had in part
sold the hinds, and altera portion of the proceeds
of the sales ot those lands were in the territorial
treasury it directed disappropriation to other pur-
poses not in accordance with the obligations of
the trust, and in 1846 Congi ess enabled the people
of the Territory to form a State constitution and
State government, and said to the people that they
should have five per cent, of the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands for the construction of
roads. The convention then asked Congress to
modify that so that this five per cent, should be
used not for the construction of roads fend canals,
but for the benefit of common schools in the State
of Wisconsin. Congress agreed to that, agreed
that this land grant should no longer be used for
the purpose ot constructing the canal; Congress
agreed to the application of the convention that
the proceeds of these lands should not go to the
subscribers of the amount of money paid in in
accordance with the original obligation, but that
it might become a part of the five hundred thou-
sand acre giant under the act of 1841.
Now, what was the effect, sir, upon the canal
company? It was to defeat the construction of
the canal, to leave it an incomplete work; no pro-
ceeds could come from it; there could be no div-
idends upon the stock; the stock was left worth-
less upon the hands of the subscribers in conse-
quence of the breach of tiie trust by the joint
action of the General Government and of the Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin. But when Congress agreed
to this diversion of the fund it provided that the
State of Wisconsin should pay to the canal com-
pany what was her due, as 1 construe this last
provision of the law:
''Prorided, That the liabilities incurred by the tenitorial
government of Wisconsin under the act entitled 'An act
io grant a quantity of land to the Territory of Wisconsin
for the pui pose of aiding in opening a canal to connect the
waters of Lake Michigan with those of Itock river,'here-
inbefore icferred to, shall be paid and dischaiged by the
State of Wisconsin."
What was the obligation of the Territory of
Wisconsin which Congress said should be dis-
charged by the State of Wisconsin? That obli-
gation we find in the resolutions of 1846 passed
by the Territorial Legislature, to the effect that
because the Territorial Legislature had diverted
this fund and had used it to pay the ordinary ex-
penses of the territorial government, the Slate of
Wisconsin should refund to the canal company
the amount of money that was taken out of the
fund. Congress said that obligation should be
discharged by the State of Wisconsin, inasmuch
us the Territory had disregarded the obligations
of the trust, and had said that the faith of the
Territory and the faith of the State should be
pledged to the refunding to the fund of the amount
thus diverted.
It may be claimed, sir, that under the original
grant of 1838 the State of Wisconsin owes an
obligation to the General Government to pay all
the money that has been realized from the sale
of these lands back to the general Treasut y of the
United Slates. I do nut think so. From an in-
timation made by the Senator from Maine the
other day, 1 think he so understands the obliga-
tion of the State of Wisconsin. 1 wiil give two
or three reasons, which I think that Senator will
very readily appreciate, why there is no such ob-
ligation. The language of the act of 1838 in the
sixth section is:
u Sec. 6. Jind be it further enacted, That the said i^tate of-
Wisconsin shall be held let-ponsible to the United States,
and tortiie payment into theTieasury thereof, of tin* amount
ol ali moneys received upon the sale of the whole oi any
part of &aid lands, at the price at winch tiie same shall be
sold, not les? than .$2 50 pci acie, if the said main <anal
shall not be commenced witlrin three year* and completed
within ten yean*, pursuant to the piovisions ol the act de-
aling said canal corporation.3'
The ten years expired in 1848; but this diversion
took place before theexpiration of that time. The
money that was realized from the sales of the
gianted lands was diveited by the Territorial Le-
gislature to other purposes prior to the expiration
of the ten yeais. Now, what obligation does this
impose on tiie State of Wisconsin ? It is provided
in the land grant, I admit, in the sixth section, that
the State of Wisconsin shall pay to the Genera]
Government all money thatshall be realized from
tiie sale of these lands if the canal is not completed
within ten years; but I ask Senators to refer to
the seventh section upon this subject, in which it
is provided:
" That, in order to tender efficient the provisions of this
act, the Legislatuie of the Stat1 to he erected or admitted
out of the temtory now computed in Wisconsin Tern-
toiy, east of the Mississippi, shall give then assent to tiie
same by act to be duly parsed."
The State of Wisconsin has never given such
assent; she has never assumed this responsibility.
Taking these two sections together, then, they
amount to just this: that the State of Wisconsin
shall be responsible to the General Government
for the amount of the sales of these lands at #2 50
an acre if the canal is not completed within ten
years, provided the State of Wisconsin, by an
act duly passed, shall agree to this responsibil-
ity. The State of Wisconsin never did agree; she
never was a trustee; she never had any obligation
to complete this canal.
But there is another and a very powerful rea-
son upon my mind why the State of Wisconsin
is not responsible under this sixth section, even
if the seventh section were not found in the same
act; and that is, that the General Government it-
self was a party to the diversion of this fund from
the purpose to which it was granted. If the Ter-
ritorial Legislature had diverted the fund; if the
Territorial Legislature had reduced the price of
these lands, and had used the money for other
pui poses than those contemplated m the giant,
there would be some force in the argument if it
were not for the seventh section; but tins diver-
sion of the canal fund was agreed to by the Gen-
eral Government. Theconstitution^l convention
asked Congress, when it admitted Wisconsin into
