1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1043
Secretary of the Treasury, from which it would
be easy to see that very large sums have been un-
necessarily lost in negotiating the transfer of these
loans—sums amounting to five or six hundred
thousand dollars. It is useless, however, for me
to lay it before the House; but I wish the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, who are disposed to
be earnest in scrutinizing matters of expenditure,
to avail themselves of some opportunity to ex-
amine into the transactions of the Treasury in re-
gard to the temporary loan, and the enormous
amounts paid to New York men unnecessarily for
negotiating the loan.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman certainly has
taken a very proper course in relation to this mat-
ter. I can only say that if he has any informa-
tion useful to the Committee of Ways and Means,
we shall be glad to receive it, and 1 hope we shall
give it a most careful and candid examination.
We have not, perhaps, all the information the
gentleman has, but we should be glad to have it.
Mr. BROOKS. I will take some othei oppor-
tunity to submit my information to the House.
The following clause having been read—■
For compensation of a foreman and twenty-one laborers
employed in tlie public grounds, $13,400—
Mr. GRINNELL said: I move to strike out
" thirteen" and insert " ten." I believe that isa
sufficient compensation for these laboreis, and
about double what laborers are receiving through-
out the country.
Mr. STEVENS. I hardly think the gentleman
is serious in his remarks.
Mr. GRINNELL. 1 am,
Mr. STEVENS. Hardly serious in asking that
these laborers shall be cut down to the starving
point which he proposes. Not one of them could
live on that, unless he browsed out in the field
and slept in the woods at night.
Mr. GRINNELL. Here are twenty-one la-
borers employed on these Capitol grounds. We
know they do not cultivate the grounds as a gar-
den, but simply mow the grass and look to the
shrubbery; and we propose to pay them $500 a
year for working about one half as many hours
and performing one half as much labor as is per-
formed by farmers in Pennsylvania and other
States. If they say what I propose is a starva-
tion price, let them go to some other place where
they can get more. I have visited these grounds
often for a number of years past, and I venture
the assertion that they can be taken care of as well
as they are now by ten laborers as well as by
twenty.
I offer my amendment in good faith.
Mr. 111CE, of Maine. I hope my friend from
Iowa will not succeed in striking down the pay
of these laborers. I know very well, from tiie
position J hold on the Committee on Public Build-
in o-s and Grounds, thut these men honestly and
fairly discharge their duties. They labor well
and faithfully for the Government, and I am per-
fectly astonished that the gentleman from Iowa,
who tells us every day and every hour of the day
that he is a farmer, and that he stands up for the
laboring classes of the country, should be now
found striking at the poor laborers.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to reduce the num-
ber of laborers to fifteen, and the appropriation
to $10,000. Ceitaiuly the objection of the gen-
tleman from Maine will not then hold.
The question was taken on Mr. Grinnell's
amendment*, and it was rejected.
MESSAGE FRO31 TUB SENATE.
The committee rose im'ormatly; and the Speaker
hawng resumed the chair, a message was received
from the Senate, through Mr. Forney, its Sec-
leuiry, announcing that the Senate had passed a
bill (S. No. 145) to equalize the pay of soldiersof
the United States Army; in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
The committee resumed Us session.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the item for
compensation of one night watchman at the pub-
lic stables and caipenteis' shops south of the
Capitol, by stiiking out$600 and inserting $1,000.
I know the facts connected with the labor of
these watchmen, and certainly $G00 is not suffi-
cient compensation. This man is required^ to
watch every night overthe public property, with-
out any relief at all. I call on the chairman of
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
to state the facts.
Mr. RICE,of Maine. The matter of this man's
pay was brought to the attention of the commit-
tee. He is on watch every night, and, a few
nights ago, he saved one of the public stables from
being burned up. He is a refugee, driven from
Virginia, where he sustained great loss of prop-
erty. But, aside from the present occupant of the
office, I think thata man who performs this work
every night faithfully should have at least §1,000
a year for the support of himself and family.
Mr. GRINNELL. I will vote to make an ap-
propriation of $400 to this man if he is a needy
escaped Virginian; but I am opposed to raising
these salaries unless we raise the salaries of the
route agents, who have been petitioning us for
years past for an increase of salary; men who
travel three or four hundred miles a day and who
have only six or seven hundred dollars a year.
Mr. PRICE. I do not try, Mr. Chairman, to
arrest the tide which sweeps over this House.
That is not my object in rising now. I wish to
enter my solemn protest against the lavish ex-
penditure of public money by Congress. It is
more than that; it is squandering the public money.
It is vain to tell me that men cannot be got to
work here for the same pay they work at in other
parts of the country. Eight hundred dollars a
year for a man to keep a gate, and $13,000 to keep
grounds in order which could be keptin order for
half the money! 1 undertake to say that millions
are expended every year unnecessarily; at times,
too, when we should be more than ever careful
of the public Treasury, and apply it for the pur-
pose for which it is intended, the putting down
the rebellion. I can hire as good a man as there
is in Washington city, in Congress or out of it,
for $500 a year, to watch the President's stables,
or any other man's stable. I hope we will be
held to a strict account for our proceedings here.
I can get you five thousand men within the next
thirty days who are willing to work for two thirds
the pay that we allow to men here. I speak what
1 know and testify of what I have seen.
Mr. WEBSTER. I want to say a word in sup-
port of the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. I know something about the
duties of this watchman. He has charge of all
the congressional stables, all the horses, all the car-
riages and other property, amounting in value to
above twenty thousand dollars, and that every
night, at fifty dollars per month. There is no city
in the United States where they do not pay their
watchmen higher than that.
The lemaiks of the gentleman who has just
taken his seat, in regard to the cost of living, are
not applicable to this case. Everybody knows
that the cost of living in this city has doubled
within the last twelve months. This man is barely
able, on his pay of fifty dollars per month, to sup-
port his wife and family. I hold it to be the duty
of the Government to pay us employes, whether
they hold the lowest places or the highest places,
a fair, full, and just compensation, and I hold that
this is a case in which such a fair and just com-
pensation is not allowed. I hope the amendment
will be agreed to.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The bill had now been read through.
Mr. HOLM AN. I have an amendment which
I desire to offer, and I hope the committee will
listen for a moment to two letters which I hold
in my hand.
Mr. STEVENS. Is it a new section which
the gentleman offers?
Mr. IiOLMAN. Yes, sir; it is to add to the
bill the following:
Foi dofit loncy m the appropriation for Capitol police
undei act of Apiil 2-2, 1854, to fx; expended under the di-
rection ol the Commissioner of Public Building-*. ^4,^/4 84.
Mr. Chairman, I ask that a paragraph from a
communication from the First Comptroller ot the
Treasury which I send to the Clerk's desk may
be read. It explains this matter.
The Clerk read , as follows;
"My opinion was and i* that tincc the act of 1S54 the
palaue- of policemen were e-tabhshed bylaw,and had not
been undei the eontiol of the PieMdmpt Officeis ot the two
llon-cs, ami that the old a-* well as the new police aie en-
titled to the increase, bat that the npprapiiationof 1663 be-
ing intended foi the new, they niu t first be pntd, and that
a new appiopnation lor the others was necosaiy."
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 desire to submit a word of
explanation, as many members of the present
House were not here when the appropriation of
$9,500 was made at the last session.
By the act of 1854, according to the decision of
the "First Comptroller of the Treasury, the salary
of the Capitol police was fixed at §1,320 peV- an-
num. Prior to that time it had been under the.
control of the Presiding Officers of the two.
Houses—the President of the Senate and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives. This
salary was paid regularly—as it was to all other
officers whose salaries had been raised twenty
percent, at the same time—until 1859. In 1859,
however, the President of the Senate and the
Speaker of the House fixed the salary of the Cap-
itol police at §1,100 per annum.
The matter stood in that way until the last
session of Congress. Congress then, holding that
the act of 1854 had fixed the salary, and that it
was not under the control of the Presiding Officers
of the two Houses, made an appropriation of
$9,500, which, it was generally understood by
the members upon this floor at that time, would
be sufficient to pay the amount due from 1859 up
to the time of the appropriation, being the twenty
per cent, increase upon their salary.
It was found upon examination that the $9,500
thus appropriated was not sufficient, but that there
was a deficiency of $928 to pay the present police.
A part of the old police only remain upon the
present force. A portion of them went out on the
incoming of the present Administration, and the
money appropriated was applied to the benefit of
those who were upon the police at the time the
appropriation was made, although the appropria-
tion was silent as to the manner in which it should
be applied.
Now, the object of my amendment is to appro-
priate this sum, which is the balance due to the
police who had gone out of office prior to the pas-
sage of the appropriation bill of last year. I ask
now that a letter from the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings, who has control of this matter, be
read at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think it is neces-
sary that the letter should be read. If the gen-
tleman will let the vote be taken, 1 have no doubt;
his amendment will be adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN. Very well; I will not insist
on the reading.
Mr. Holman's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAILY. I offer the following as an addi-
tional section to the bill:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That foi the purpose
of building a penitentiary at the town of Bellevue, in the
Territory of Nebraska, $-.50,000 be, and the .*aino is hereby,
appiopriated, to be expended under the direction ol the
Goveinoi of s aid Temtoty, piovided that a contract with
responsible parties can be made to complete a penltentUuy
suitable to the wants of the Tenitory ior the said sum of
$50,000.
Mr. Chairman, the appropriations for legisla-
tive purposes for the Territory of Nebraska have
been exceedingly small for the last two years
from the fact that we have been using the unap-
propriated balances of appropriations for former
years, and it is only $15,000 this year.
There has nevei been anything appropriated
for the building of a penitential y in that Terri-
tory, and but $50,000 was appropriated for the
building of a capitol. The balance of the money
needed for that purpose was raised by the city of
Omaha, and the capitol was completed.
It is very necessary that a penitentiary should
be built there, and the Government would save
money by it, as it is now at great expense in
guarding prisoners after they are convicted. In
live or six years you will spend twice as much in
guarding pnsoneis as the amount now pioposed
to be appropi luted. I hope, therefore, that the
committee will agree to mvamondment. The Gov-
ernment will save money by it, and the security of
life and property in the Territory will be enhanced.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 hardly know how to op-
pose the amendment of the gentleman from Ne-
braska, after we have given a penitentiary to
Utah, except upon the ground that I do not be-
lie ve Nebraska needs a pgm tent iary. I understand
that there are hardly any malefactors of any kind
there, but that the people are the most moral and
correct in all their deportment of those of any of
these newTerritojries. It seems to me it isalmost
casting a reproach upon then) to suggest that there
is need of a penitentiary there at all. [Laughter.}
Mr. DAILY. It is tru^that the actual citi-
