1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2021
bring the finances of the country, public and pri-
vate, its trade, its entire business into general
disorder and chaos, and our only deliverance its
utter repudiation, and a return to the only legiti-
mate, safe, and universally recognized measure of
values, a gold and silver coin; and yet the return
to the true principle would inevitably cause more
of bankruptcy and demolition than the whole
course of the aberration from it.
I therefore conclude that if Congress had the
power to establish this Briarean paper monster,
it would not only be unwise but fatal legislation.
All the attempts of other nations to establish and
continue a permanent irredeemable paper medi-
um, and to force it to be received even m the trans-
actions of their own people, have signally failed.
It requires great public stress to give it even a fu-
gitive existence and toleration; and so soon as that
passes the people on whom it was intended to be
fastened rise in irrepressible force against it,and
they are urged forward and sustained by the out-
side pressure of the world. 1 think the time has
come when Congress, and particularly the Senate,
should renounce distinctly all purpose to give per-
manency, even continuance after this war shall
be over, to any such monetary monster. There
ought to be a reasonable time for the country to
make the transition from the presentexclusive and
gieatly depreciated paper currency to a mixed
one of paper and metal, and a notification in the
solemn form of this amendment would not be !oo
early or too long.
It is the suddenness of the transitions from a
metallic to an irredeemable paper currency, then
of tiie change back again to a specie currency,
that falls so calamitously upon the country.
Where those changes are inevitable and must be
submitted to there, ought to be timely and reason-
able notice given of them, that the merchants and
business men and the whole community may
adapt their transactions to the coming change.
An omission to make such a notification ft this
time would not impart to the proposed measure
any more effectiveness for good, but might leave
it greatly more potent for evil. The whole
brotherhood would be admonished to do their
business so prudently as always to be prepared
to redeem their circulating notes with specie, if
thus cautioned; if not, they might aggravate ex-
isting evils by the excess of then-issues at;d busi-
ness.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose we all concur with
t He honorable member f.om Kentucky, that as
soon as possible there should be a resumption of
specie payments by these banks, and by all other
banks in the United States: but in order to ac-
complish that, 1 think my friend from Kentucky
will at once see that it will bo necessary that the
United States should also resume specie pay-
ments. As long a3 the United States has out-
standing her currency which she has made a legal
tendei it will be impossible for these banks to
resume; and after the United States shall have
withdrawn from circulation her legal-tender notes,
the banks will be under an obligation to resume
specie payments. It seems to me, therefore, witli
due deference to the better judgment of myfnend
from Kentucky, that it is premature now, for that
reason, if there were no other, to offer such an
amendment as he has suggested, although, to re-
peat, I am sure we shall all agree in hoping that
the time will soon come when that ubject can be
accomplished.
But it is unnecessary, 3s far as the banks to
bo organized under this bill are concerned, fur
another reaoon. The last section of the bill re-
serves to Congress a right to change the charter
in any way, at any time: and whenever, during
the existence of the rebellion, or after the exist-
ence of the rebellion, Congress shall see proper
to require it, they may require these banks to re-
sume specie payments.
There is another reason that operates on me
which S will briefly suggest for the consideration
of my friend from Kentucky. These banks will,
of course, have very extensive loan transactions
ail over the country. They are organized for
that purpose, and they will be sure to carry itout
to the whole extent of the power, if they can do
it with anything like safety to themselves. Their
loans, therefore, will be very heavy; and it is ne-
cessary, also, as they are to substitute to a cer-
tain extent the currency which the Government
is issuing, ihui tha  currency should be outstand-
ing as long as the rebellion lasts. The only excuse,
if I may be permitted to apply that term to legisla-
tion that Congress has already adopted, for the
existing legislation in relation to the currency is
the necessity in which the country is placed, the
wqr being upon us, and it being supposed, in the
judgment of Congress, that you could not carry
it on upon a currency based upon specie. They
were obliged, therefore, as they thought, to go
further than had ever been done before tp make
these Treasury notes, or certain of those notes, a
legal tender.
The honorable member's amendment professes
only to begin to d,ate its operations from the pe-
riod when the rebellion shall have been put down
and the authority of the Government and of its
laws reinstated; and when the rebellion is to be
put down and when the authority of the laws is
to be reinstated nobody can tell, or how it is to be
brought about; whether it is to be the result only
after a long contest, wasting individual wealth as
well as national wealth, or whether it is to be
brought about suddenly as the consequence of
some decided and crushing victory which tiie
United States will obtain over their foes, nobody
can tell. One thing we know, at least I think we
must know, that as long as it lasts we cannot re-
turn to a specie-paying currency. If 1 am light
in that, in what condition would the country be
placed as far as the customers with these banks
are concerned, if tho hanks, when the rebellion
shall be put down,are required to return to specie
payments within six months: How are they to
accomplish it? They are to contract all their
loans at a fearfully rapid rate of discount. Every
man who is indebted to them ^10,000 has to pay
it in six months, when without ruin he would
perhaps not be able to pay it for four, or five, or
six years. We have the example of England, an
instance which shows that we ought to be very
cautious, as I think, in fixing any specific period,
and particularly if that period is made compara-
tively avery short one, foraresumption of specie
payments. I do not think I am mistaken when
1 say that the Bank of England was authorized to
arrest her specie payment during the wars of
England with Napoleon, $r,d it was not until six
years after the termination of that struggle that
she was able to resume, or if she was able pr
would have been able by pressing her own (lebt-
ois, it was, in the judgment of Parliament, im-
proper that those debtors should be called upon to
pay their debts, except during a period of six
years. The ability of the bank to meet her pay-
ments while preserving at the same time the in-
terests of the customers of the bank, in the judg-
ment of Parliament was thought to require that
the bank should have the prolonged time in
which to resume specie payments, and it was
given her.
Now, what would be the situation of my friend's
State ifhisamendment should receive the sanction
of Congress? The banks in Kentucky or the
banks elsewhere—for these banks may loan every-
where—may loan to citizens of Kentucky some
six or seven or eight million dollars, whatever
may be the amount, take mortgages to secure the
debt, get judgments binding the real estate of
their debtors; they may be perfectly willing to
give time; the mortgages may be an effectual se-
curity, in the judgment of the bank, if the Gov-
ernment do notinterfcre; and so in relation to the
land affected by the judgments. But if the bank
is compelled to return to specie payments within
six months from the period when the lebellion
shall be closed, and the rebellion is closed soon
aftertho.se debts are contracted, Kentucky would
be ruined, or rather such of her citizens as might
become borrowers of the banks.
I submit to him, therefore, first, that it is not
necessary to make such a provision as this, be-
cause under the law we may do it at any time here-
after, and we cannot now know the circumstances
which may render it improper to impose so hard
a condition upon the banks or the customers of
the batiks; and secondly, because when the Gov-
ernment herself resumes specie payments, by
withdrawing herown circulation effectually these
banks will be compelled to pay specie, and they
cannot be compelled before, because they will
have the same right that everybody else has to
use the currency which the Government itself
lias declared is a legal currency.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I suppose that
confident# ig always the batiis of credit; find that
one reason why grfenb^eks-now fire at such a
heavy discount js thp great distrust which ig felt
in the country of their ultimate redemption, "fiiat
want of confidence results in a large degreefrom
the quantum of greenback^ that have hpiti) issued
as well as from the suspension ofapecie pay men ta
by the Government. I believe the Government
Suspended specie payments before the banks.
The banks of New York continued to redeem
their paper, if I Understand the fact,although they
had nominally suspended, after the Government
had ?u«pends4 specie payments. _
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to interrupt
the Senator, but i beg leave to correct him as: to
the matter of fact. The banks resolffd to sus-
pend and did suspend^pecie payments before the
Government did; and they gave reasot) for
suspending that they "supposed .the Qoverntpent
would have to suspend, but they suspended first
as a matter of fact.
Mr. DAVIS. So I understand the fact, sir;
that the banks of New York city niade an order
to suspend specie payments; but nevertheless they
continued to redeem their paper in go!4 and silver
until after the Government bad suspended.
Mr. COLLAMER. Until after, the Govern-
ment had got away from tlu-m from one hundred
and thirty to one hundred and ninety million dol-
lars in gold.
Mr. DAVIS. I am aware qf that. The Gov-
ernment gathered together ail of the gold and sil-
ver of the banks, and instead of drawing drafts
upon the banks that had made subscriptions to
tiie Government loans and allowing .those drafts
to be met at the counters of the banks, if I recol-
lect aright the Government distributed that specie
widely over the country, and therefore made it in
a grea,t degree unavailable for the convenient busi-
ness of the banks and for the interests of the
country.
But, Mr. President, I was making this general
remark: that depreciation in paper maiks the de-
gree of want of "confidence in its redemption, aa
a general rule, and that the great depreciation in
greenbacks now results from the deep distrustof
the country of the ability of the Government to
redeem them; and that this want of confidence
has been increased essentially by the quantity of
gieenbacksthathas been thrown into circulation.
The agents of the Government reproach the State
banks with having created this inordinate circu-
lation of paper, whereas the contrary k the fact.
By the evideoce of one of the financial officers of
New York, Mr. Van Dyck, the amount of issues
by the banks of New York is less by a million
and a fraction of dollars in this year, 1864, than
it was in 1854; and in ftict, the actual circulation,
by the retention by some of the banks of large
amounts of their own paper, was six or seven
millions less than the amount of paper they had
been allowed to put in circulation. The agency
that has brought this great excess of irredeemable
paper circulation upon the country lias been the
Government, acting principally by the Secretary
of the Treasury; and the reproach which haa
been cast by the Administration and its support-
ers upon the banks of having created this ruinous
excess of circulation is true of and ought to be
made against the Government and the Secretary
of the Treasury instead of the banks.
This circulation has become so redundant, so
excessive, as to create serious and general appre-
hension tiiat it might never be redeemed. The
consequence has been that its depreciation aa
compared with gold and silver has progressed
from time to time until it has reached its present
great point; and how long it will be before it will
attain a still lower depth and become as valueless
as Continental money, nobody can toll. Certain
it is that if this war continues upon its present
scale with its gigantic expenditure of money,and
with the enormous and still increasing circulation
of irredeemable paper, the credit of that paper
must be wholly lost, and it will be regarded by
the country as worthless, and will cease to answer
any of the purposes of money.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator permit
me to correct a statement he has just made?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hold in my hand a tab-
ular statement of the circulation of the banks of
New Yojtfe, showing an increase of $8,689,799 in
the last year.
