1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
29m
Thirty-sccond amendment:
On ?anic page, after the word "return," in the same
line, uiseit the words " which in the opinion of the as-
sessor is false or fraudulent."
Thirty-third amendment:
On same page, lines nineteen and twenty, strike out the
Words " a ii.-i/on which there is"' and iriscitin lieu theieof
tlie word a contains*."
Thirty-fourth amendment:
On samfl page, in line twenty-two, «trike out the words
"by bubpena, to be served by any assistant assessor."
Thirty-fifth amendment:
On ?ame page, after the word " officer," in line twenty-
six, insert the woids " before such assessor."
The clause, as amended by these several amend-
ments, reads as follows:
And if any person, on being notified or required as afore-
said, shall refuse or neglect to give such list or return
within the time required as aforesaid, or if any person shall
not delivei a monthly or other list or return without notice
at the time required by law, or if any person bhall deliver
or disclose to any assessor or a-^istant assessor any list,
statement, or return, which in the opinion of the assessor
is false or fraudulent, 01 contains any understatement or
uuder-valuauon, it shall be lawful foi the assessor to sum-
mon Mich person, his agent, or other^ person having pos-
session, custody, or care of books of account containing
entries relating*to the tiadeor business ot such person, or
any other poi.-ons u  he may deem proper, to appear belore
such a^e-.sm and produce such book, at a time and place
therein named, and to give testimony or an&wer interioga-
loriCft under oath or <iffii mutton respecting any objects
liable to duty or tax as aforesaid, or the lists, statements,
or returns thereof or any ttade, business, or profession
liable to any tax or license as aforesaid.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. My reasons for
objecting to these amendments is that they vio-
late every idea of individual right and liberty
which belongs to the common law and to our
people. The clause as amended proposes to al-
low an assessor upon mere suspicion, no mattcS-
how baseless it may be, that a party has made a
false oath, to examine into all of his private ac-
counts, to call for liis books, and make himself
master of all the business transactions of the party.
We have in almost every State in the Union laws
Which call for oaths as to personal property,and
so far as I have any knowledge of any such laws
this is the only one that puts it in the power of a
little petty officer to call for the books and ac-
counts of a merchant or a person engaged hi gen-
eral business, and examine them, and make his
business transactions the subject of an inquiry.
I believe it to be all wrong, and for that reason I
object to this additional power which is given by
the Senate to the assessors. It was bad enough
when the House allowed the assessors to take
the responsibility, when it is alleged that a cer-
tain statement is false, of making an inquiry into
the business transactions of the party. We are
fast hurrying on to that state of things when we
not only disregard private rights, but everything
which is considered sacred under the common
law. I hope that these amendments will not be
concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS. The only difference between
the provision of the House bill and the amend-
ment of the Senate is as to whether the assessor
shall believe the return to be false and fraudulent,
or whether it shall be alleged to beso. It isonly
a difference of expression. According to the pro-
vision of the original bill every assessor has a
right, if he alleges fraud, to call the party before
him to verify his statement by oath. How can
he absolutely know that it is false and fraudulent?
He must have good reason to suspect it. Ail that
is done is to call the party and examine him, and
let him take the oath and produce his books
nothing else. There is nothing harsh in the meas-
ure. It only puts the party on his oath, the same
as m the case of a return of income. I can see
no reason why these amendments should not be
concurred in. I think the amendments of the
Senate make the provision a little softer and bet-
ter than the original bill does.
Mr. ELDR.IDGE. Does it not go further and
require the production of books and the disclos-
ure of all the affairs of the party on mere sus-
STEVENS. That was in the bill as it
went from the House, and the Senate have agreed
'°Mr ELDRIDGE. This puts it merely upon
suspicion of the assessor. It does not require
that there shall be any charge against the indi-
vidual. He acts upon mere suspicion.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. If the gentle-
man will allow me, I will say that I would stnko
out that provision as it existed in the House bill.
But I am here willing, as I am forced to, to con-
cede that the House bill was correct. The Senate
amendment goes further. It allows, without any
probable cause, every little petty officer of ail this
number scattered through the whole country, to
take" advantage of his suspicion, whether founded
or unfounded, to institute an investigation into
the private affairs of the citizen. I- prefer that
the party should answer under oath, and if he
answer falsely, that he shall be prosecuted for
perjury. That is the law as it generally exists
throughout the United States with regard to the
taxation of personal property.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the gentleman en-
tirely misapprehends. That part of the provision
which the gentleman complains of is in the House
bill and is left untouched. We cannot, therefore,
amend that now.
Mr. BROWN,ofWisconsin. ThatIconcede.
Mr. STEVENS. As it stood before, the as-
sistant assessor, as well as the assessor, had the
right to summon the party if, in his judgment,
the return was fraudulent. There can be no ab-
solute certainty of a fraud which is not investi-
gated. The amendment of the Senate is to take
away from the assistant assessor that power,
leavi ng it to the assessor where fraud is suspected.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I will ask the
gentleman if, under the bill as he reported it, it was
not necessary that the assessor should be certain,
that he should know that the return was false.
In other words, was not the assessor compelled
to assum'e the responsibility in order to be able
to make the inquiry?
Mr. STEVENS. No. It would be absurd to
ask him to examine the books and take the oath
of the party if he knew the facts himself. These
were the means provided in the original bill to
ascertain whether the return was fraudulent or
not, but the idea was very illy expressed in the
original bill, and has been better putm the amend-
ment.
The question was.taken on the amendments;
and there were, on division—ayes57, noes 41.
So the amendments were concurred in.
Thirty-sixth amendment:
Section fourteen, after the word " aforesaid" strike out
tlic words " and to enforce such writ hy attachment for
contempt," aiut insult m lieu theieof as tollows :
Sueli summons may be served by any assistant assessor
of tlie distuct. In case any person so summoned shall
neglect or reluse to obey surf) summons according to its
exigency, or to «ive testimony. or to answer interrogato-
ries as requiied, it shall be lawful for tlie assessor, upon
affidavit proving the f.i"ts, to apply to (lie judge ot_ the
district court, 01 a commissioner authorized 10 perlorm
the duties of such judge at chambers, for an attachment
against such person as a contempt. It shall be the duty o
suctl judge or eomuus^ionci to hear such application, and
if satisfactory proof be made, to issue an attachment di-
rected to some proper officer, tor the arrest of such per?-on,
and upon hi* being brought before hnn to proceed to a
healing of tlie ca^e, and upon such hearing the judge, or
commissioner shall have power to make such outer as he
shall deem proper to enforce obedience tothorequnements
,,f th   uiniiimiis. and nunish such person for his delimit
of the summons, and punish such person
or disobedience.
Mr. GANSON. Mr. Speaker, this amendment
authorizes the officer to whom this application is
made to issue an attachment, ill the first instance,
against the person as for contempt In niy judg-
ment the first thing that the officer should be au-
thorized to do, when the application is made by
the assessor, is to issue an order to the party to
appearand show cause why an attachment should
not issue against him, instead of authorizing the
issuing of an attachment in the first instance.
In the next place my objection is to the last part
of this clause, which vests in this officer the power
to impose any punishment that he may deem prop-
er I do not believe in the propriety of investing
all these officers with such discretionary power.
I think there should be some limit to it. 1 think
that some kind of punishment should be prescribed
by the statute in the nature of a fine. We should
notauthorize the commissioner to commit a party
to jail. Under this clause, as it now stands, he
might imprison a man for five years. He might
sentence him to be hanged, or might inflict any
punishment he chose. There is no limitation
whatever. I think the nature of the punishment
should be indicated. I think the amendment ot
the Senate an improvementon the original clause
as the bill passed the House; but I am also of opin-
ion that it should be altered in those particulars.
Mr. STEVENS. This provides expressly that
on appearance the process and everything shall
be open to answer.
Mr. GANSON. Not before the attachment is
issued.
Mr. STEVENS. The attachment is only to
bring the party there, and then the answer is
open. It will be simply one process instead of
two, which will be a great saving in time and ex-
pense. It takes no privilege from the party. He
is not to be punished until he is heard. This is
to be done by the judge. Iam sorry that in New
York they can hang a man for contempt. [Laugh-
ter.] If that is the law there it is certainly not
the law in Pennsylvania.
Mr. GANSON. 1 have been so informed.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman has been
misinformed. I recollect that they putPassmore
Williamson in jail for saying that a negro was a
man. [Laughter.] It was a great contempt of
the Democracy of Pennsylvania.
Mr. GANSON. They put a man in jail now
without process.
Mr. STEVENS. That saves a great deal of
trouble. Itdoesaway with the law's delays of
which we have heard so much. [Laughter.]
Mr. GANSON. What about the amendment?
Mr. STEVENS. I think it is right as it is.
Mr. GANSON. He should not bearrested by
process in the first instance; he may haveagood
excuse. This, in my opinion, is unknown to any
practice I have ever heard of.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I think that the gentle-
man from New York has not heard the section.
Parties liable to be taxed have ten days in which
to make their returns. If they do not make re-
turns, or the returns are deemed fraudulent, then
they are summoned to show their books and are
put under oath. If they refuse they are to be pun-
ished for contempt. It is a very proper amend-
ment.
Mr. PRUYN. I move, in the fortieth line,
after the words "judge in chambers" to insert
the word3 "on eight days' notice to the party.
That does not quite meet the views of my col-
league, but I have not had time to prepare an
amendment to do that. This gives the party an
opportunity to appear without a preliminary or-
der to show cause. It meets tlie objection of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, that we would
have two proceedings.
Mr. KERNAN. If gentleman will look at it
they will see that no harm can come to the Govern-
ment by adopting this amendment to the amend-
ment, and that it will be acting with fairness
toward the individual. It will not delay by direct-
ing that the assessor may apply for his attach-
ment on giving five or eightdays' notice. If the
party can give a good excuse there is no necessity
for arresting him; and if he cannot, they can then
arrest him. It is in accordance with all the prac-
tice I have ever heard of. He will have notice,
and there will be no expense.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 4b,
noes 48.
So the amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment ofthe Senate was concurred in.
Fifty-first amendment:
In section twenty,afterthe proviso, " That on the hear-
inisof appeals it shall be lawful for the assessor to require
bv summons the attendance of witnesses and the produc-
tion of books of account in tlie same maimer and under tnc
same penalties as are provided in cases of refusal or neglect
to furnish lists or returns," add as follows:
The bills for tile attendance and mileogeof said witnesses
shall be taxed by the assessor and paid by the de
parties, or otherwise by the coiiector of tiie district, on ct r-
tificate of the assessor, at the rates usually allowed in said
district for witnesses in courts of justice.
Mr. BROWN, ofWisconsin, demanded a sep-
arate vote. *
The House divided; and there were—ayes 53,
noes 39.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Sixty-third amendment;
Strike out " $3 00" and insert" §4;" so that it will read:
And there shall be allowed and paid to each assistant as-
sessor §4 for every day actually employed m collectin,
lists and malting valuations, the number of days
for that purpose to be certified by the assessor; and loi
every bundled nelsons assessed contained in the tax list, as
completed and delivered by him to the assessor.
Mr. HOLMAN. It will be observed that the
increase made by us from §31 to #3 50 has been
still further increased by the Senate to §4. I his
is an increase of #1 per day in addition ts the
