1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1040
United States and honorably discharged in conse-
quence of disease contracted in the service; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS presented seven petitions of cit-
izens of New York, praying for an increase of fa-
cilities for the transportation of mails, passengers,
and freight between the cities of New York and
Philadelphia; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition of citizens
of Ocean county, New Jersey, praying for an in-
crease of facilities for the transportation of mails,
passengers, and freight between the cities of New
York and Philadelphia; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers m the case
of Catharine Jacobs, widow of Francis Jacobs, a waiter in
the military household of General Washington during the
revolutionary war, praying for a pension, be taken from
the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. CLARK asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, le^ive to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 34) repealing so much of the act
entitled "An act to increase the internal revenue,
and for other purposes," passed March 4, 1864,
as imposes an additional tax upon distilled spir-
its imported from foreign countries; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
TREATY WITH TIIE KICKAFOO INDIANS.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior transmit to
the Senate all evidence on file in the Department of the fn-
teiior in support of the allegation that the treaty with the
Kiokapoo Indians concluded June 28, 1862, was obtained
by fraud, and nil counter evidence thereto, and that he ic-
portwhai action, if any, has been taken by the Department
to carry the treaty into effect.
BRANCH PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Pacific Railroad be
instructed to consider the subject of aiding the construction
of a railroad from Warrens-burg, in the Slate of Missouri,
to Emporia, in the State of Kansas.
ALMOND D. FISK.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Patents and the PatentOffice, to whom
was recommitted, on the motion of the Senator
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony,] the bill (S.
No. 112) for the relief of the heirs of Almond D.
Fisk, to report it back with an amendment, and
with a recommendation that it pass.
Mr. HOWE. I wishtheSenatewouIdmdulge
me by taking up that bill and passing it at the
present time. It was recommitted some time since
at the request of the Senator fiom Rhode Island,
and it is now reported with his consent. I pie-
sume there is no sort of objection to it. It is a
very trifling affair, and as the session is advancing
it should be passed at once, or it may be lost.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the hill.
The Committee on Patents and the Patent Office
reported the bill with an amendment in line four-
teen after the word "decided" to insert the words
"notwithstanding the surrender and reissue of
March 6, I860;" so that the clause will read:
And the Conuni&sionei is diiected to investigate and de-
cide the application tor extension on the same evidence
and in the anme nnmnei a- other applications for extension
aie decided, notwithstanding the suirendcr and reissue of
Match 6, 1&60.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
UNIVERSITY LANDS IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. HARDING'. I move that the Senate post-
pone all prior orders, and proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 116) in relation to
university lands in Washington Territory.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. As it is declared in the fourth section
of the act of Congress approved July 17, 1854,
amendatory of the act approved September 27,
1850, creating the office of surveyor general of
the public lands in Oregon, &e., that in lieu of the
two townships of land gianted to the Territory
of Oregon, by the tenth section of the act of 1850,
for universities, there shall be reserved to each of
the Territories of Washington and Oregon two
townships of land of thirty-six sections each, to
be selected in legal subdivisions, for university
purposes, under the direction of the Legislatures
of the Territories respectively; and as it is repre-
sented that sales have been made by territorial
authorities of lands selected in virtue of the terms
of the act of July 17, 1854, authorizing selections
to be reserved, merely under the conviction that
they had the power to dispose of the same as a
fee simple grant; the bill therefore provides that
in all cases of sales made to individuals by the
territorial authorities prior to the passage or this
act, in which it may be shown to the satisfaction
of the Secretary of the Interior that such sales
were bona fide, and of the class before mentioned,
and that the tracts so sold are selections in all
other respects regular and proper, it will be law-
ful for the Secretary to approve such selection as
a grant in fee simple, and a transciipt, certified
under the seal of the General Land Office by the
Commissio'nerthcreof, of such approval, will vest
the title in the Territory and in its bona fide
vendees.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What committee does
that come from ? I suppose it is all right, but I
should like to have some explanation or some
information about it.
Mr. HARDING. I have here a letter from the
Commissioner of Public Lands, and also one fiom
the district attorney of Washington Territory,
which can be read for the information of the Sen-
ate if it is desired. The condition of the matter
is simply this: the lands reserved to Washington
Territory for university purposes were sold by
the direction of the Legislature of the Territory
and the money applied to the purpose for which
the lands were reserved. This bill only proposes
to confirm the lands to the Territory, instead of
reserving them until the Territory becomes a
State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does it come fiom the
Committee on Public Lands?
Mr. HARDING. Yes, sir.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
INTEREST ON THE PUBLIC DECT.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to postpone all
prior ordeis, with a view to take up the special
order which comes up at half past twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will take that to be the s-mse of the Senate, as it
is withm a minute of the time. The special order
of the day for this hour is now before the Senate,
being the joint resolution (H. II. No. 37) to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to antici-
pate the payment of interest on the public debt.
The amendment reported from the Committee on
Finance has been agreed to in Committee of the
Whole, and the bill has been reported to the
Senate, and on the question of concurring in the
amendment made in Committee of the Whole,
the Senator from Indiana [M r. Hendricks] offers
an amendment to that amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As the Senate has taken
no action on that amendment, I propose to mod-
ify it by inserting- in lieu theieof, at the end of the
amendment of the committee, these words:
In payment for war materials and supplies, or of the
debts of the United States then due: Provided, The same
In- paid and it eeivcd at it- value in the city of New York
a- coinp.ued with leyal-tender Ttea<ury notes.
So that the amendment of the committee, if
amended, will read:
And he [that i*. the Sec-rotary] is hereby authorized to
dispose ut any gold in the Tiea^uiy of the United States
not n'-ce^ai}" lot the payment of interest on the public
debt, hi payment lor wai material^ and «-upph,\t, oi of the
itebN of the United States then due: Provided. The same
be paid and received at its vain** in the city of New York
! as compared with legal-tendei Tr^asuiy note.1-.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is compe-
tent for the Senator to modify or withdraw his
own amendment; and the question now is on his
modified amendment to the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, 1 desire
to make but one or two remarks to.tbe Serrate-upvn
tR is proposition. Yesterday I, was taken much b jr
surprise in having to say anything or to propose
any amendment to this measure, for 1 had hot
supposed that the Committee on Finance would
report a proposition such as was reported by. the
Senator from Ohio; and I waited, hoping that
some Senator of greater experience in this body
than myself would make some proposition which
would secure the country from the dangers to be
apprehended in placing so much power in the
hands of any one man. Butthe hill was about to
pass, and 1 felt it to be my duty«to propose some
amendment;and i proposed theamendmentwhich
I have withdrawn this morning. After more re-
flection, I submit the amendment which is now
before the Senate; and I believe that amendment
accomplishes every right purpose that can be
sought by this measure.
The Senator from Ohio stated to the Senate when
he called up this joint resolution yesterday, th^t
the Government oVthe United Stales was hoarding
gold; that it was of no value to her thus hoarded up
in the Treasury; but that it could be sold, and the
Government could use the legal-tender notes at a.
profit to her, and relieve the country from the in-
juries sustained by speculations in gold.
The purpose of distributing the money from the
Treasury among the people is certainly one that
I approve. I desire to see any surplus coin in the
Treasury by some proper and safe mode distrib-
uted among the people of the country, that it may
return again into the channels of commerce; and I
propose by my amendment that the gold in the
Treasury not necessary to pay the mtereston the
public debt, either when that interest becomes due
or in advance,as is contemplated by the measure
before the Senate, the excess may be used by the
Secretary of the Treasury in paying for war sup-
plies or in paying the debts of the Governmentthen
due; the creditor of the Government or the person
who supplies war matenal to the Government,
receiving the gold at what it is worth in the city of
NewYork as compared with thelegal-tendernotes.
If this amendment be adopted, yhat will be its
effect? The money will be paid out,not in any very
laige sums, but as the trade of the people with the
Government will require. If there is due to a
citizen $100,000for supplies to the Army, he would
as lief take the gold at what it is worth as compared
with legal-tender notes as to take the legal-tender
notes, for itis to him of the same value; he receives
it in the course of trade and he uses it in the course
of trade.
Thus, I apprehend, and I think we have good
reason to suppose, theaccumulations in theTreas-
ury of coin not necessary to pay the interest,
will find their way into the channels of trade again,
and the proper effect will be had upon the price of
gold m the market.
What is the eifectof the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr.Sherman,] as reported from
the Committee on Finance? It will enable the
Secretary of the Treasury to throw upon the mar-
ket, perhaps unexpectedly to the country, from
six to twenty million dollars, according to his
showing. The effect of that is instantly to depre-
ciate the price of gold. By otfenng so much in
the market, the Government reduces the value of
the article she wants to sell. As soon, then, as
she withdraws herself as a vender m the market,
gold commences to go up again; and the specu-
lators in gold know as well how much coin there
is in the'freasury, 1 presume, as the Secretary of
the Treasury himself does. While the Govern-
ments attempting to sell her gold, the very effort
reduces the piice, and she gets less than was im-
mediately before the value of gold in the maikef.
ascompared wuh legal-tender notes; and as soon
as she has disposed of what she has to sell, the
process of speculation, of carrying the gold up
again in the market, commences. It has cor-
rected the evil of a high price of gold to the loss
of the Government, buthas not relieved the coun-
try from the fluctuations m the price of gold as
! compared with the paper currency of the country.
| But what is the effect of the proposition that I
| make, sir5 It is that the Secretary of the Treas-
; ury shall use the gold in the ordimuy course of
I the business of the Department; that if he has to
, pay off the debts of the Government, or if he has
s to pay for Army supplies and materials, he may
f pay the gold in such amounts as the creditors of
