1046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
the Government require at the time, and pay it at
its market price. This has no sudden effect upon
the price of gold, and the Treasury has the full
benefit, if there is any benefit in it, of the price of
gold at that time. She shares with the specula-
tors in the country the benefit, if it may be so
called, of the price of gold at that time.
As I think, sir, this will meet the evil that is
complained of without bringing on the country
greater evils, in my judgment the Senate ought
to adopt it. Is it the purpose of the Finance Com-
mittee to control the price of gold in the country
merely by the will of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury? That oughtnotto be. Is it thepurpose of
the Finance Committee to control the price of gold
in the country by throwing out into the channels
of trade the accumulations of the Treasury ? That
is right; I have no objection to that; but let that
bedonein thecdurseof the business of the Treas-
ury Department; let us pay the gold out as it may
be required in the business of the Department at
such prices as then control this article in the mar-
ket at New York.
I said yesterday about all I desired to say in
objection to the very dangerous power that this
measure of the Finance Committee would confer
upon the Secretary of the Treasury. 1 was an-
swered by the Senator from Ohio by the assur-
ance thatMr. Chase was entitled to the confidence
of the country; that we had every reason to be-
lieve that he would not use this extraordinary
power to the prejudice of the business interests
of the country or to enrich his friends. I thought
it was a sufficient, reply to say that such power
ought not to be conferred upon any man. The
best of m'en are under the influence of social re-
lations, of friendship; and when, by communi-
cating a word, a single word to a fiiend, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury can make him a nch man,
by, at the same time, distuibing the couise of
trade and business in the country, by disturbing
the price of every article that the trailing port of
the community hold in market, I do not like to
trust to any man such power, and 1 do not think
the Senate ought to do it when it is unnecessary
to tlo it.
The Senator intimated that the Secretary of the
Treasury could have no favorites. 1 do not think
the most ardent friend of this Administration will
claim that its history justifies the Senate 111 legis-
lating upon the pi opoMtion that Secrrtaiics have
no favorites. If 1 were to refer to the speech
which was so eloquently quoted by the Senator
Iroin Oirgon (Mr. Nesmitii] the other day, the
speech of ilieSenator from New Hampshire now
absentfiom his seat, [Mr. II.vi.k,] 1 think 1 should
have no difficulty in proving that the Navy De-
partment has had favorites, who have become
very rich because of their relations with the head
of that Dcpai iment. The icports to this body, 1
believe, establish ihnt lad. 1 might refer to the
fact that a banking company has been made very
rich by its intimate relations with the Treasury
Department. [VrhapK a million dollars has been
made by the firm of Jay Cooke & Co., by being
made the.special undexclusiveagentofthe Treas-
ury Depai tnicnt in disposing of the bonds of the
Government, which might have been disposed of
by the ordinary machinery of that Department.
And does the Senator then say,after one firm has
been thus cnnched by its leldtions with the head
of the Treasury Depai tment, that we shall not as-
sume that the Seci ctary of the Treasury can have
favorites, men that he would desire, to enrich?
But the Senator says that these sales ought not
to be made after public notice, else the "specu-
lators in the city of New York will comhi no to
bring the price down, to the prejudice of theGov-
eniment. Then, of course, we have to trust to
the few men who may have some knowledge in
the Treasury Depaitment that the .Secretary is
going to sell gold, i do not know who would be
called to the Treasury Department on that occa-
sion. The Secretary, this week say, decides that
he will sell gold next week, on next Wednesday.
How is he going to sell the gold? Somebody
must know it if lie sells. I would not presume
that any Senator would know of that sale by any
direct communication with the Secretary of the
Treasury. It would be barely possible that some
Senator might hear of it. There might be a ru-
mor—and it is difficult to prevent rumors getting
out of the Departments, it is said—there might be
a vague rumor that on a particular day the Sec-
retary of the Treasury was going to sell in some
crivate way or other in the Treasury Department
from ten to twenty million dollars of gold; and I
can conceive that some Senators would have an in-
terest in seeing how that was done, and perhaps
the Senator from Ohio, because of his intimate per-
sonal relations with the Secretary of the Treasury,
and his great admiration for that officer, would
go up to see what took place. If during his in-
terview Messrs. Jay Cooke & Co. were to come
into the council-room where this business was
being transacted, and no other businessmen of the
country were to come there, this rich banking firm
that has been made rich by the drippings from
the Treasury was to be represented by its head
and financial manager, I ask if the Senator from
Ohio would not feel mortified at his position, that
he had been uistiumental in cairying through this
body as the icpresentative of this measure from
the Finance Committee a proposition that gave
to the Secretary of the Tieasury the power to
sell the people's gold, and nobody in the United
States knew it except Jay Cooke & Co.?
How many of the bankers of this country knew
that one fourth or one half of one per cent, was to
be paid upon the sale of the Government's bonds
a year and a quarter ago? How many bankers
knew that they would have an opportunity to be-
come the agents of the Government in regard to
that sale? 1 think not one western bank knew of
it. The first that was known, Jay Cooke & Co.
were advertising to sell the Government's bonds.
And how shall the people that, want to buy the
gold or the bankers that may want to buy this
gold from the Government, know when this sale
takes place?
Sir, it seems to me that the objections to the
proposition are so great that the Senate will not
entertain it; especially when every advantage de-
sired by the Finance Committee can be secuied
by the amendment that 1 have offered without the
evils that would attend the measure of the com-
mittee.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, 1 have a
few words to say in reply to the remarkable and
unjust attack made by the Senator from Indiana
upon the Stcietary of the Treasury; but before
doing so let me examine for a moment ins pro-
posed amendment. He has considered this mat-
ter; he. has thought of it over-night; and what is
the lcsult of his iejection ? He says we must pay
out this gold; we must eet i id of it, and what does
he propose to do with it? He proposes to select
as the favorite beneficiaries of the Government the
comiactois who furnish supplies. Heforg'ets the
soldier; he forgets the pensioner; he foigets all the
vaiied character of persons who receive money
from the Treasury, and he selects the contractors,
who alone under his amendment would receive
the gold from theTreasury, and who must receive
it at its current market value.
1 do not see any reason why any class of pub-
lic creditors should be selected for the purpose of
receiving this gold. If we could select a limited
class of public creditors who were entitled from
their peculiar merits to receive this money, that
might be one way of getting rid of it. The Sen-
ator might have provided that it should be paid
to the members of Congress. That would have
relieved him, and relieved us all; or he might have
provided that it should be paid to the President
of the United States and other executive officers,
and the judges of the courts; but if we were to
offer such a proposition as that he would say that
it was \ cry corrupt. . He might have provided
that it should be paid to the soldiers. The an-
swer to that would be that the amount would be
totally inadequate to pay the soldiers. You can-
not make any discrimination between the different
classes of creditors. However, after serious re-
flection, the Senator has finally selected the con-
tractors, the men who are cheating the Govern-
ment, according to the declarations 1 have so often
heard from his side of the House. They are to
receive this gold, and nobody else. They are the
favored beneficiaries; the contractors, too, who
furnish supplies not of food, but the gun contract-
ors, the vessel owners, the favored transportation
agents of the Government. t
The honorable Senator has been at the head of
one of the leading bureaus of this Government,
and it is hardly necessary to tell him that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has nothing to do with the
purchase of these supplies; that he does not pay out
money to contractors; that he has nothing what-
ever to do with the purchase of arms, or supplies,
or anything of that kind. This is the business of
quartermasters, commissaries, and Navy agents,
who have nothing to do with the Secretary of the
Treasury. I need not tell the Senator that, be-
cause he knows it. Why, then, this declaration?
Why, then, require the Secretary to pay out this
money, so desirable now not only for speculative
purposes, but for its intrinsic value, to this fa-
vored class of creditors? He knows that the prop-
osition is absurd; that the Secretary cannot dis-
criminate between the payment of these different
debts; and that he has nothing to do with making
contracts, buying arms or supplies, or disburs-
ing money for them.
There is another objection to the Senator's
amendment. He proposes to set aside this gold
for a spccial purpose. It would be impossible,
as the Senator knows very well, to keep the ac-
counts of the Treasury Department in this mode.
How much should be paid to each? How could
the disbursing and accounting officers know pre-
cisely the maiket value of gold when it varies day
by day, sometimes in a single day five per cent.?
How could they keep their accounts? How
could they be audited? The proposition is ab-
surd, and the Senator must be aware of it.
. Mr. President, the Senator attacks the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and makes a grave charge
which I am able to repel, and repel promptly. He
says that the Secretary ef the Treasury has en-
riched a private firm by favoritism; and he inti-
mates and stiongly insinuates that if this power is
given the Secretary will further enrich that firm.
This is a serious imputation; and I am very glad to
be able to answer it. The firm of Jay Cooke & Co.
is an old, leading banking-house in the city of Phil-
adelphia, in no way connected with the present
Secietary of the Tieasury, directly or indiiectly,
either by blood or marriage. That firm was not
employed as agent, but its leading member, Jay
Cooke,was employed as agent to negotiate the five-
twenty loan only after other expedients had been
tried and failed. He was selected because of his
great activity and success in promoting the nego-
tiation ofpriorloans,and forhisundoubted stand-
ing and credit. The remaikable success that has
attended his agency fully justifies his employ ment.
When the herculean task of providing money for
our vast expenditure rested upon the Secretary
he found himself crip pled by legal restrictions con-
tained in the sub-Treasury law, and compelled to
deal only with the few who control money opera-
tions in New York and other eastern cities. Most
of these were patriotic men, and cheerfully aided
the Government to the extent of their abilities.
The first loans were made through their agency,
but with what result? The long bonds due in
1881, principal and interest payable in gold, were
negotiated at about ninety-two cents on the dol-
lar, and compared with previous loans this was
considered a financial success. These very bonds
are now woi th one hundred and fourteen cents for
the dollar in the same market. lie also through tile
same agencies and in the same markets sold what
are called the seven-thirty bonds at par. These
bonds bear the rate of interest designated by their
name, payable in gold, and are convertible into
twenty-year bonds, interest and principal paya-
ble in gold. Such was the condition of the money
market when, in February, 1863, the five-twenty
loan was authorized. This loan was far less de-
sirable than either of those that preceded it. The
rate of interest was limited to six per cent., and
the principal was payable at any time after five
yeais at the pleasure of the Government. This
loan remained in the maiket for nearly a year
without success,and during that time various ef-
forts were made by the Secretary to negotiate it.
He solicited offers in New York without success
01'only at a considerable discount below par, In-
deed, there was not sufficient volume of currency
in JNew York to absoib the loan rapidly enough
to supply the wants of the Government. It be-
came manifest that if taken it could only be by
popularizing- it, by seeking purchasers among the
mass of the people in ail parts of the country%nd
no longer to rely upon the capital accumulated m
the money centers. How was thiu to be done?
The Tieasury D(partment was not adapted to the
management of such a business. There were no
officers who could be charged with it. All the
bureaus were crowded, and even if more clerks
