2022
THE CON(tRESSKYNAL GLOBE.
May
9
Mr. DAVIS. I have got a table too, which
makes a very different showing.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is a statement of the
banks of the whole State, not of the city of New
York alone.
Mr. DAVIS. My statement was made by Mr.
Van Dyck. It is succinct and very luminous.
He says:
" The public should be aware that all the plates of all the
bunks in this State, corporated, associated, and individual,
are in my possession, sealed against use aud securely
lucked from reach of the banks, $otadollarcan be printed
without an order from this department, and not a dollar is
furnished save upon the deposit of security. Hence our
books furnish an incontestable data of the amount of cur-
rency delivered to the banks. Aud what do we find as the
result? I take the close of the fiscal year for ten years
past as a criterion by which to judge the present, and it
shows follows."
He then proceeds to give the amount of capi-
tal and circulation for each year. I will only read
the amount of circulation:
Date. Circulation.
Sept. 30, 1W54..'. $43,063,535
« « 1855   41,159,794
" « 1856   43,492.485
" « 1857  41,243^922
" « 1858    35,607,180
" <• 1859  36.581,276
" " 1860    ;jfcf,O34,8()0
" " 18«1  36,606,140
" « 1862.   42,239,836
" " 1863  42.193,045
April 18, 1804  42,802,310
u Thus it will be seon that the aggregate circulation issued
and outstanding at tht< tune is more than a million dollars
less than it wns in 1654 ; although, the banking capital fiasin-
ct cascihno) c than twenty-sur million dollars iviiliin that pe-
jiqJ. The ainouutnt cnoulanou above stated includes all
ever ls*ueu to the banks aud not returned. More than a
million dollars} belonging lo Institutions which have parsed
outol existence has piobably been lost, huined, ot other-
wise dfstuij ed. Then again, of the circulation thus stand-
ing clmrgedou the books of this department, less than t hi i ty-
six million dollars was in nctual circulation on the Vltk of
JtfuuA, IW54, n* apjxnufi from the t-worn statement-- of the
banks juat made in obedience to law—the balanee being tn
their po^e^ion, unissued. With tlxjvse utfieial lactsaml fig-
Uie-i in view will any person kindly inform the public wbeie
the eliuruc of ' inflating the currency' comes in, as it re-
gards the; banks ot ihh ftJi.Ue'"
The circulation of the hanks of Kentucky was
restricted in n greater ratio in that period of ten
years than was the cireulation of the banks of
New York. I suppose, from the inferences au-
thorized to ho drawn from the circulation of (hose
two States, that the amount of State hank cir<-u-
kmou in 1864 wow less than it was in 1854. I think
h is stated, as a general truth, that the amount of
the circulation of the State hanks i* about one
hundred and sixty or one hundred and seventy
millions, while the Government paper, irredeem-
able in Hs character, i'h enormously over that sum
it) its acriri'egate amount. The gr« at and ruinous
circulation of irredeemable paper winch so dis-
organized ail the commercial transactions and busi-
ness of the country, threw everything into confu-
sion, and produced such fluctuation m piiees,waa
produced mainly by the Government of the United
States.
Mr. CON.NKSS. Right at this period of the
Senator's statement I will ask him if he noted that
it was authoritatively stated that temporary cred-
its hud been extended recently by the banks of
the e.ity of New York alone to the extent of
$200,000,000; and whether inflation and specula-
tion are not founded upon those extensions of
ciedits as mu''h or more than upon bank issues?
Mr. DAVI8. I was not advening to the mat-
ter of speculation at all. 1 was limiting my re-
marks exclusively to currency and to the effects
of currency upon trade and prices.
Mr. CON NESS. I knew the line of the Sen-
ator's atgument very well; but the entire argu-
ment went to prove that the Government wns re-
sponsible for all the inflation that occurred in
nade. i
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; I did not Bay in tsade
The inflation of paper that is to lie r -et ived as
m<int-y in all Government and private transac-
tions, ot c,ou ae, is the cause of the increase of
prices. That is said to he the paper representa-
tive of prices. If that paper representative of
."• ceg assumes an irredeemable feature, and is in-
ceased four oc five fold in the course of some-
.lung like two years, it must necessarily produce
a ^reat augmentation in the prices of all property
when measured in that paper, that paper being
irredeemable, and being ai a heavy discount in
gold and silver. I believe it has readied as high
A point as to rccfuii'e $ISo i*1 mr-ir to p^rchiro '•
$100 in gold. The Government has endeavored
to inculpate the banks as the authors of this great
inflation of the circulating medium, although the
Government itself has been thechief agent m pro-
ducing theexcessofpaper issue,and consequently
is more responsible for the heavy depreciation in
the paper circulation, under the par of gold and
silver, than the banks.
But these remarks were incidental and are lead-
ing me away from the point upon which I was
commenting, and it was simply this: that for a
paper currency to receive the confidence of the
country and to circulate at anything near par,
there must be a stable and general belief that it
will be redeemed in gold and silver. Why, sir,
it is that convertibility that is the true responsi-
bility of a paper currency, it is its attribute to
be redeemed by those who issue it in gold and
silver at the pleasure of the holder that imparts to
it the faculty of money. Whenever this respons-
ibility to be redeemed in gold and silver coin by
tale is dispensed with by the laws of Congress, or
censes from any other cause, the inevitable con-
sequence is depreciation in the value of the paper.
The Government itself has been the principal au-
thor of the great depreciation of its own paper:
first, by issuing it wuhoutnny promise or obliga-
tion to redeem it in coin; secondly, by its frequent
andexcessive issues. If theGovernment had not
interfered with the bunks it is a problem whether
thoy would have been driven to the suspension of
specie payments at all; certainly not in the condi-
tion in which the country and business then were.
But to maintain at any thing like par in gold and
silver the credit of this paper issued by the Gov-
ernment, or of these notes of circulation which it
proposes to give to every association that will
do business under this act, there must be a firm
confidence in the country that it will uHimattly
be redeemed in gold and silver. Unless you can
produce that conviction and that faith thy credit
of this paper will fluctuate from causes that can-
not bo controlled, and eventually in a short time
it may become as worthless as the Continental
money itself. Any tiling that tends to sustain the
credit of that paper would be beneficial to the
country. Any feature m this bill that would re-
sinet the issue of paper by these associations,
and that would command the faith of the country
that it would so operate, would help to sustain
the credit of their paper and proportionately to
keep down inflation of prices.
It seems to me that the amendment I propose,
if it should he adopted, would have such a result.
It would satisfy the people, as far as they could
be assured by the legislation ol Congiess, that
speeic payments were to be resumed within a
reasonable tune, when every holderofadollarof
this paper might calculate upon receiving for it a
dollar mgold orsilver. It would admonish those
who are to manage these associations not to do a
business so large as to leave them unable upon
short notice to redeem their paper with gold and
silver. They would ponder well their contingent
obligation to redeem their paper, and the proba-
bility of the occurrence of the events upon which
that obligation was to become absolute, and they
would keep prepared by the most prudent bank-
ing. In that way it seems to me that two essen-
tial elements of confidence in this paper on the part
of the people would he established.
Again, the act of Congress organizing this sys-
tem, making an imperative requisition on the
whole association to redeem their paper with the
precious metals, would havetheefFect to assure the
public that such redemption would be made at no
very distant day, and thus aid materially not only
to prevent further depreciation, but to enhance
the present value of that paper.
It' the Government of the united States were to
retire now one half of its paper that is u\ circula-
tion i>y funding it, what would be the c *i tain and
immediate effect? The confidence in that paper,
in the ability and ihe disposition of the Govern-
ment to redeem u within a reanonabletime, would
at once greatly increase; the discount upon it and
the price of gold would decline; the commercial
and general business transactions of the country
v/ould assume a more stable and healthy charac-
ter. Any causes which would curtail the present
enormous paper circulation of the Government
and would keep down its future issuesand restrict
the circulation of these associations would be pro-
ductive of gn.2:, gortfij and ought *o be favored
both by Congress and the Executive, arid the
amendment which I have proposed should there-
fore be adopted. It would tend materially to pre-
vent excessive and fraudulent banking by these
associations and mitigate the inevitable evils con-
sequent upon their coming to spccie payments, to
which the honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Johnson] adverted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Foster in
the chair) put the question on the amendment,and
declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CONNESS. Wait until we get into the
Senate.
Mr. DAVfS. Very well. I will withdraw the
call now; but I give notice that I shall ask for the
yeas aud nays on this amendment in the Senate.
ONE HUNDRED DAYS' WESTERN VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the permission of
the honorable Senator from Ohio to report from
the Committee on Finance a bill which is consid-
ered rather important to be passed to-day if we
can. It is a very simple one, making an appro-
priation for the purpose of paying the ti oops that
nave been accepted by the President from the
western States. It is the joint resolution (II. R.
No.£9) for the payment of'volunteers called out
for not less than one hundred days. I am directed
by the Committee on Finance to report it back
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that it pass. 1 am also directed by the same
committee to report back the Senate resolution
on the same subject, (No. 47,) to appropriate
$25,000,000 for the subsistence and pay of militia
called out by the Piesident, with a recommenda-
tion that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject.
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
action at once upon the House resolution, if there
is no objection.
7'he re being no objection, the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole pioceeded to eonsidei joint
lesolution (H. it. No. 69)fo  the payment of vol-
unteeis called out for not le&s than one bundled
days, winch appropi kites the sum of ^15,000,000
foi arming, equipping, clothing,subsisting, trans-
porting, and paying volunteers that may be re-
ceived by the President for any teim not less than
one bundled days.
Mr. HALE. I object to its consideration to-
day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We may as well con-
sider it now as to-mormw unh as the Senator
wants time to look into it.
Mr. HALE. I do not want lime to look into
it; but I am opposed to tht; adoption of the reso-
lution. I think it unwise. 1 think our expi-u-
ence in three years of war, if it hits learned us any-
thing on earth, lias learned us, in the first place,
that the calling out of three months' men at 6ist
was an unwise measure, and the calling out of
nine months'men was an unwise measuie. I do
not know whether we have had tiny six months'
men or not.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. We had some six months'men,
I understand, and I think the calling of them out
was an unwise measure, I think jf we pass thin
lesolution it will be throwing away $25,000,000.
Such an appropriation as this will show that we
are in that unhappy position spoken of by the
younger Pitt in his answer to Walpolc, that we
"remain stupid in spite of experience."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that what-
ever might be my own opinions about that act
adopted by the Secretary of War and the Presi
dent, of course under the advice of the most em-
inent military authority with reference to the con-
dition ofthings at pieseut, this measure is thought
to be advisable and mdei.d of great importance at
the present time.
Mr. JOHNSON. These troops have been called
into service according to law; haye they not >
Mr. FESSENDEN. They have been received
by the President under a tender of them by the
Governors of the States.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is an act of Congress
authorizing jt?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir. Idonotknow
that there is any special call under the act of Con-
grcssj but iho troops have L'oc;, offered oy the Goi;-
