THE CONGrEESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
ve'ry large increase "for making out lists. If it 1
were proposed to reduce the pay of the prin- i
cipal assessor and increase the pay of the assist-
ant assessor, I do not know that 1 could urge any
serious objection; but with the compensation of
the principal assessor so high, it seems to me this
increase is beyond alt reason. I think the com-
pensation of $3 50 a day, as fixed by the House,
ought to be adhered to. "We are making the collec-
tion of the revenue enormously expensive. This
will be a subject of universal.comparison. Our
people will compare it With the expenses of their
own assesSmefitsathome, and with the expenses
incurred by themselvesintheenforcementofiheir
own local policy; and they will condemn it, be-
cause of the amount paid to the collectors, as-
sessors, and assistant collectors, which so largely
cxcceds that paid to State officers who perform
corresponding services. I do not hesitate to say
that the compensation provided for in this bill for
assessors and assistant assessors is three-fold the
amount paid in my own State to competent men
for the rendition of similar services. It will be
condemned everywhere as an attempt to foist upon
the country a body of officers receiving a large
compensation, while the States wisely and pru-
dently secure the performance of the same services
for a very inconsiderable sum in comparison with
this amount.
Mr. MORRILL. The more the Committee
of Ways and Means examined this subject, the
more they were convinced that these officers
were the poorest paid and the hardest wotking
officers engaged in the service of collecting the
internal revenue. In the cities it is utterly im-
possible to get. competent men to execute the
duties of the office of assistant assessor without
a higher compensation. In the country the as-
sistant assessors have to hire a team, if they do
not own one, and travel over vaat distances at
their own expense. I know that in one district
an officer who had been wounded in the service
of his country went home and took the position
of assistant assessor, and after working three
months he ascertained he had paid out fifty dol-
lars more than he had received from the Govern-
ment.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I heaid no complaint until
I cumu into this House of any difficulty of get-
ting competent men to discharge the duties of
assistant assessor at $3 a day. The remedy is
to be found in having smaller districts—a district
in each town or township.
Mr. MORRILL. Would that diminish the
expense?
Mr. UOTCBKISS. It will largely. This matter
was discussed here when the bill was before the
House before, and the motion made to raise the
amount half a dollar. The increasing the com-
pensation of these officers is very bad policy. It
creates a piejudice in the public against the law,
more than any othcrobjection which exists against
it. It is creating a swarm of office-holders to be
paid a higher price than States pay their officers
foi the performance of similar duties. The States
pay this class of men not more than $1 50 or $2
at the outside. These men get a larger pay under
the law as it stood before the amendmenttlianany
similar class of officers in a State, and I hope the
amendment will not be concuired in.
Mr. MORRIS, of New Yoi It, called for tellers.
Tellers weie oideicd; and Mr. IJolma>t and
Mi. Moriull were appointed.
The House divided;and the tellers reported—
ayes 57, noes 55.
Mr. HOLM AN. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put* and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas G3, nays 55, no! voting 64;
as follows:
Y12AS—Messrs. Alloy, Alison, Ashley, John ]>. Baldwin,
Baxter, Beaman, Blair, Blow, Bojd, Biook-, Cohb, Cole,
Cres>vvellj Dawe*, Dixon, Donnelly, Dug< s, Eekley, Eliot,
EuglMi, Guswold, Hale, Hernck, Uigby, Hooper, Asahel
W. Hubbard, John 11. llubbard, lugeraoil, Julian, Fiancis
W. KelJocg, Oilando Kellogg, Knox, Loan, Longyear,
Marvin, McAllister, McBiule, McCiuig, Mclndoe, Moor-
he,ul, iMonili, Leonard Mjei*, Norton, Otlell, Charles
O'Will, rendition, Puce, Alexander H. Uie*i, Scofteld,
Scott. Shannon, tiloau, 'Smitheis, Spalduui. Steven'-,
Thayer, Up-on, Waid, Webster, William^ Wilder, Wil-
son, and Woodbndge—63.
NAYS Men--rs Jama* C. Allen, Amec, Aneona, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, Blame, Boutweil, Broonull, James S.
Brown, Ohanlei, Ainbrot e W. Clark, Fieetnati Clarke,
Cra, Dawson, Eden, Edgorton, BIdridgc, Fenton, Fiivok,
Frank, Ganson, Haiding, Harrington, Ilolman, Ilotehkiss,
Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Iialbfiei&ch, Ivernan,
Lazeai, Litilejolin, Long, Marcv, McDowell. McKmney,
Samuel F. Miller, Daniel Morris, James R. Morris, Mor-
rison, Amos Mvei*. Noble, Radford, John H. Rice, Robin-
son, Ross JohnB. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiies, Stuart,
Sweat, Tracy, Wadsworth, Elihu B. Was>hburne, Chilton
A. White, Joseph W. White, and Fernando Wood—55.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Anderson,
Arnold, Baily, Bliss, Brandegee, William G. Brown, Clay,
Colfroth, Cravens, Ilenty Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis,
Deimug, Denison, Dumont, Farnsworth, Garfield, Gooch,
Grider,Grinncll, Hall, Benjamin G. Harris, ChatlesM. Har-
ris, Ilulbnrrl, Hutchins, Jenekes, Kasson, Kelley, King,
Knapp, Law, Le Blond, Mallorv, Middleton, William H.
Miller, Nelson, John O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Poriiam,
Perrv, Pike, Pomerov, Ptuyn, Samuel J. Randall, William
H. Randall, Rogers, Edwaid II. Rollins, James S. Rollins,
SchencU, Smith, Starr, Slrhbins, Strouse, Thomas, Van
Valkenburgh, Voorhees, William B. Washburn, Whaley,
Wheelei, Windom, VVinfield, Benjamin Wood, and Yea-
man-—64.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Seventieth amendment:
On page 27, line ninety-one, after the words " assistant
assessors" mseii the words "revenue agents and inspect-
ors j" so that the proviso will read :
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury shall be,
and he is hereby, authorized to fix such additional rates
of compensation to be made to asses&ois and assistant as-
sessors in cases where a collection distiict embraces more
than a single congiessional district, and to assessors and
assistant assessor?-, revenue agents and inspector', in the
States of Louisiana, North Carolina, Mississippi, See.
Mr. KEU.NAN. I do not think we ought to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to in-
crease the pay of these officers at his discretion,
even if we do it in the case of assessors and as-
sistant assessors. I do not think this amend-
ment ought to be adopted.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman will find to-
ward the close of the section this limitation:
But the rates of compensation thus allowed shall not
exoced the rates paid to similar officers in such States and
Tenitoiies respectively.
Mr. KERNAN. Can any gentleman tell us
wliat those rates are?
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words" revenue agents."
1 trust the House will percei-ve the difficulty there
is about this amendment of the Senate. With
great reluctance, I think, the Hou.se concurred in
the text as it stands in the original bill. • The
Senate inserts in addition the words "revenue
agents and inspectors," so as to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to fix additional com-
pensation to assessors and assistant assessors in
cases where a collection district embraces more
than a single congressional district, "and to as-
sessors and assistant assessors, revenue agents
and inspectors, in the States of Louisiana, North
Carolina," &«.
Now, sir, it is true that there is a proviso that
the rate of compensation thus allowed shall not
exceed the lates paid to similar officers in such
States. Who knows what that compensation is?
Mr. KERN AN. There arc no such officers in
the States.
Mr. HOLMAN. There are no such officers
as revenue agents and inspectors in the. States.
Tliey have 110 connection with the revenue at all.
The House has been punished within the last two
months with a long list of revenue agents, em-
ployed by the Secretary of the Treasury at four
dollms, six dollars, and I believe eight dollars
per day and their expenses, and I presume these
revenue agents are to be employed in the same
way.
Mr. UPSON. I call the attention of the gen-
tleman to the fourth section of the bill, which
shows that only five of these agents are to be em-
ployed.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman read
that section?
Mr. UPSON. It provides that " the Secretary
of the Treasui y may appoint, not exceeding five
revenue agents, whose duty shall be, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, to aid
in the prevention, detection, and punishment of
frauds upon the internal revenue," and so on.
Mr. HOLMAN. That, I presume, provides
for these revenue agents, but what are the inspect-
ors employed for? What are their duties? Sim-
ilar additional compensation is to be paid to them.
Mr. BROOMALL. The gentleman will allow
me to call his attention to the commencement of
the fifth section, which provides for these in-
spectors.
Mr. HOLMAN. The fourth and fifth sec-
tions, according to my recollection, provide for
these officers. Here is a proposition to appoint
revenue agents and inspectors in certain States
where you will probably not 'collect a dollar of
revenue.
Now, sir, I have been in portions of the South
myself within the last twelve months, where
multitudes of public officers were employed, re-
ceiving high compensation, whose services, from
the very nature of things, would not inure one
tithe of a hair, to the extent of one dollar, to the
benefit of this Government. There are multi-
tudes of such officers, and you here authorize not
simply their multiplication, but by the vague
terms you use in referring to the pay of similar
officers in the States you authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to exercise unlimited power of
compensating these agents for the purpose of
carrying out, not the interests of the Government,
but business pertaining to the organization of the
political power of the country.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman will go
through his speech we will not pass this amend-
ment. These officers are only to have their ex-
penses paid in addition to their salaries.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the gentleman had
better withdraw his amendment, arid let us vote
down the whole amendment of the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. Very well, I withdraw it.
The amendment of the Senate was not con-
curred in.
The seventy-fourth amendment was read and
concurred in, as follows:
rage 30,lines three and four, strike out " one thousand"
and inseit in lieu thereof "fifteen liundred;" so that llie
section will read :
Sec. 2-1. And be it further enacted, That there shall be
allovved to collector*, m full compensation for their ser-
vices ami that of then deputies, a salary of $1,500 per an-
num, to bo paid quarterly, &.e.
Several succeeding amendments were then read
and concurred in.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to inquire whether
the seventy-fourth amendment has been disposed
of.
The SPEAKER. It has been concurred in.
Mr. HOLMAN. The Clerk passed over the
amendments so rapidly that I did not notice it.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk passed over them
at the usual speed—rather slowly, the Chair
thought.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in. I
trust the House will at least give us an opportu-
nity of considering the amendment by a reconsid-
eration. Let us at least have a vote on the amend-
ment. [Cries of " 01)! no."] Then 1 shall ask
for a vote upon each amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the motion
to reconsider is not in order, as the House is now
acting as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask, then, that in order to
facilitate business the House will consider the
seventy-fourth amendment, which is to increase
the salaries 
Mr. FENTON. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. FENTON. Let us proceed, then.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand that the
motion to reconsider is not in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the im-
pression that it is not, from the fact that the House
lias decided to consider the amendments as if in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
where a motion to reconsider is not in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then, to avoid the neces-
sity of having a separate vote on each proposi-
tion, which 1 do not desire to insist on, 1 ask
unanimous consent of the House to make a state-
ment.
Mr. PRICE. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I call for a separate
vote on each amendment.
Eighty-ninth amendment:
Section twenty-seven, line eighteen, strike out the word
"snmmoiife" and insert in lieu thereof the word " notice."
Mr. HOLMAN called for a separate vote.
The House divided; and no quorum voting,
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. Holhak and Shannon.
Mr. HOLMAN. I again ask unanimous con-
sent to have the vote on the seventy-fourth amend-
ment reconsidered.
Mr. WILSON. I object to the House being
forced by one member to do anything.
