1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2999
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 60, noes 20.
The SPEAKER announced that the amend-
ment was concurred in.
Mr. HOLM AN. Was there a quorum voting?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
deserted his post as teller.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
The tellers appointed by the Chair did not report
that result.
The SPEAKER. The Chair had appealed to
gentlemen to vote, and some were coming forward
to do so when the gentleman from Indiana left
his post, and the Chair took it for granted that he
withdrew the demand for a division. The Chair
will appoint two other tellers; and Mr. Noble
and Mr. Baxter will please act as such.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 77, noes 16.
So the amendment was concurred m.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move to reconsider the vote
by which the seventy-fourth amendment was con-
curred in.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that that
motion is not in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I appeal respectfully from
the decision of the Chair. I inquire whether we
are not now ill the House, and controlled, except
in regard to the limitation of debate, by the rules
of the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
House, having resolved by unanimous consent to
consider the amendments to this bill the same as
if in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, the rules that govern in committee apply
in the House. In Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union no motion to reconsider is
in order except by unanimous consent. The
Chair, therefore, rules the motion to reconsider
to be not in order. From that decision the gen-
tleman from Indiana appeals; the question is:
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the House?"
The House divided; and there were—ayes 95,
noes 1.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained by
the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the Chair how it is
that the yeas and nays can be called, if we are act-
ing as if in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. When we are in the House,
we are acting under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, which provides that one fifth of the
members present can always order the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I understood the Chair to
say that we were acting under the rules which
govern the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. That is why I voted against sus-
taining the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemanlias thcright
to vote as he pleases.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to explain——
The SPEAKER. No explanation is neces-
sary.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I. understood the Chair to
decide that we were acting as if in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. HALE. I suggest that the vote be taken
on reconsidering the seventy-fourth amendment.
Mr. BEAMAN and others objected.
s The amendments of the Senate (commencing
with the ninetieth amendment) in which concur-
rence was recommended by the Committee of
Ways and Means were read, and were severally
voted on and concurred in without question, ex-
cept the following, on which special action was
taken:
Ninetieth amendment:
Section twenty-seven, line twenty-two, strike out tlie
woul i! summons" and insert in lieu ttiereof the word
" notice.''
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to debate the propo-
sition, and 1 expect to enjoy all the rights of the
Representative of a free constituency on this floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana shal! enjoy all his rights.'
Mr. HOLMAN. I intend to enjoy them to
the most unlimited extent under the rules of the
House. I expect not only to be heard, but 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana is not in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Indiana
is discussing the question before the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemen will debate
the ninetieth amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, in the rapid
running over of these amendments by the Clerk
it is somewhat difficult to distinguish between the
amendments recommended by the Committee of
Ways and Means and those not recommended.
It will therefore occur occasionally that a number
of amendments are passed over without notice.
I am therefore very desirous that the Clerk shall
read the amendments in such order as that mem-
bers may understand exactly as to what they
have to vote upon.
Mr. UPSON. I make the point of order that
the gentleman from Indiana is not speaking to the
amendment.
TheSPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not think there is any
objection to the amendment of the Senate, but I
wish it understood that the Clerk in reading the
amendments of the Senate shall not run over them
with such rapidity as to deprive members of their
right to have the several propositions fairly pre-
sented for a vote of the House.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
amendments of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL. I appeal to the gentleman
from Indiana to withdraw his objection. There
are over six hundred amendments; and compel-
ling the Speaker to put the question on every one
of them, many being verbal m their nature, is un-
necessarily fatiguing him without accomplishing
any good result.
Mr. KERN AN. I do not see why we should
not agree to reconsider the vote on the important
amendment to which he has referred, and which
was passed over hastily.
Mr. MORRILL. Before we get through I will
agree to that.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let us go back at once.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not want
the House to be controlled by any suggestion in
reference to his convenience. He will pflt the
question on each of these six hundred and thirty-
six amendments, as he is required to do, and he
will do it with pleasure.
Mr. KERNAN. Let us accommodate each
other about these things. We do not wish to
throw any obstacles in the way of transacting the
public business, but if there is to be this sharp-
ness on the other side gentlemen on this side will
stand upon their rights. Let us go back to the
amendment indicated. If there is a majority for
it, let it stand; if not, let it be rejected.
Mr. WILSON. 1 object.
Mr. KERNAN. When we agreed to take
these amendments up out of their usual course
we did not expect this sharpness on the other
side. The amendments have been run over rap-
idly.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk cannot speak for
himself, and the Chair will state that when he
came to the seventy-fourth amendment he waited,
expecting as the Chair did that there would be a
call for a separate vote, but there was none.
Mr. KERNAN. I do not make any reflection
on the Clerk.
Mr. BALDWJN, of Massachusetts. I object
to going back.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then let theamendments be
read and voted on separately.
Ninety-eighth amendment:
Strike out the words " place of residence of the person
whose" and "shall be;" so that it will read:
And the said officer shall also cause a notification to tnc
same eftei t to be published in some newspaper within tile
county where such seizure is made, if any such there be,
and shall also cause a like notice to be posted up at the post
office nearest to the estate .-o seized, and in two other pub-
lic places within the county.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 75,
noes 7; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. Steele, of New York, and Littlejohn.
The House was again divided; and the telleis
reported—ayes 86, noes 7.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Ninety-ninth amendment:
Insert the words " except by special order of the Com-
miscioner of Internal Revenue; " so that it will read:
And the place of said sale shall not be more than five
miles distant from the estate seized, except !ty special or-
der of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is an extraordinary-
power to confer upon the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, and I ask for a division.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman would not
object if lie had carefully read the provision. It
is intended to apply to a number of States not
now entirely under the jurisdiction of the United
States.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 74,
noes 19.
So the amendment was concurred in. . •
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, moved to
adjourn.
Mr. DAWSON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 35, nays 82, not voting 65; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs.William J. Allen, Ancona, Bally, Blaine,
Brooks, James S. Brown, Ohanler. Cravens, Dawson,Eden,
Edgerton, Eldridge, English, Fitick, Grider, Harrington,
Ilerrick, tiohnan, William Johnson, Kalbftcisch, Lazear,
Long, Marcy, McDowell, McKinney, James R. Moms,
Morrison, Pruyn, Radford, Robinson, Ross, Shannon, Stiles,
Sweat, and Fernando Wood—35.
NAY?3—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ashley, Augustus
C. Bald win, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Bcaman, Blair, JJout-
welljBoyd, Broomall, Ambrose W.Clark, Cobb, Cotc,Cres-
well, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, ISckley, Eliot, Pen-
ton, Frank,Ganson,Garfield, Hale, fiigby, [looper, Holch-
kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, John II. .Hubbard, Ingersoli,
Philip Johnson, Julian, Kasson, Kciley, Francis YV. Kel-
logg, Orlando Kellogg, Kornan, Knox, Lmlejohn, Loan,
Longyear, Mallory, Marvin, McAllister, McCitirg, Mcln-
doe, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead? Morull. Daniel Morris,
Leonard Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Pendleton, Pvjr-
ham, Price, Alexandei II. Rico, John II.Rice, JamesS. Uol-
liit*-, Scofivld, Scou, Sloan, Smitheis, Spalding, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens,Thayer, Tracy, Upson,
Van Vnlkenlmrgh, Ward, Elihn B Washlmrno, YVehster,
Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Williams, Wilder,
Wilson, and Woodbudge—82.
NOP VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allon, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Bli=s, Blow, Brandegee, William G. Drown, Freeman
Clarke, Clay, Coflroth, Cox, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas
T. Davis, Doming, Donison,*l>umont, Fanibworth, Gooch,
Grnmcll, Gnswold, Hall, Hauling, Benjamin G. Harris,
Charles M. Harris, Hulburd, Hutchins, Jenckcs, Kmc,
Knapp, Law, he Blond,Mclkide, Middleton, William H.
MiiJer, Amos Myers-, Nelson, Noble, OdeK, John O'Neill,
Orth, Patterson, Perry, Pike, Pomeroy, Samuel J. Randall,
William H. Randall, Rogers, Edward II. Rollins, Sehenck,
Smith, Starr, Stebbins, Strouse, Stuart, Thomas.,Voorhees,
Wadawoith, William B. Washburn, Whaley, Wheeler,
Window, Winfieid, Benjamin Wood,and Yeaman—65.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now suggest, as a matter
of ordinary courtesy tn the House, that after the
other amendments are disposed of the seventy-
fourth amendment be reconsidered.
Mr. BEAMAN. I object.
Mr. MORRILL I will say to the gentleman
from Indiana that I am very anxious to make
some progress in this bill to-night, so as to not
entirely lose the evening. "When we get through
the bill, I will say to the gentleman from Indiana,
I will ask the House to go back and consider the
seventy-fourth amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. .Will not the House do it at
this time?
The SPEAKER. Is there unanimous consent
that when the other amendments are disposed of
the House shall go back and consider the seventy-
fourth amendment?
There was no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. After this understanding by
the House I withdraw my demand for a separate
vote on each amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will proceed with
the reading of the amendments, and those upon
which no separate vote is asked will be consid-
ered as agreed to.
One hundred and twentieth amendment:
In section thirty-seven, line three, after the word " col-
lector" insert4t revenue agent or inspector;" so that the
cJair?« will read :
Sec. 37. And be it further enacted, That if any person
shall forcibly obstruct or hinder any assessor or assistant
assessor, or any collector or deputy collector, revenue
a^ent or inspector, in the execution of this act, or of any
power and authority hereby vested in him, o\ shall forcibly
rescue, or cau «  to be rescued, any property, articles, or
objects, after the same shall have been seized by hiin, or
shall attempt or endeavor so to do, the person so offending
shall, upon conviction thereof, lor every such offense, for-
feit and pay the sum of §500, or double the amount of
property so rescued, or be imprisoned for a term not ex-
ceeding two year.?, at the discretion of the court.
Mr. HOLMAN. It may be proper to place
the names of these two officers in tins place on
account of the States which arc in rebellion, but
