1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2023
ernors of the Status and the Piesident has ac-
cepted them.
Mr JOHNSON. So I understand. What I
intended to ask was, whether the act of Congress
authorizes the call.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The law authorizes, as
I understand it, precisely this: the President is
authorized to call out, for any term not exceed-
ing a certain term, any number of the militia of
the States or volunteers that he may see fit. I do
not understand that there has been a distinct call
in this case; but there has been what perhaps
may be equivalent to it—an offer by the Govern-
ors of the States to furnish this number of troops
within a given time, and the acceptance of that
offer by the President, it is very easy for him
to change it into a call, if he should gee fit to do
so. The thing being done essentially according
to his right under existing laws, there is nothing
for us to do hutto make the appropriation.
Mr. HALE. Is there a law for it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; a law of long
standing; that is to say, not exactly in its pres-
ent shape; but it is always in his power to call
out the militia to suppress insurrection and repel
invasion; and two years ago we altered that law,
and extended the time for which he might call out
the militia.
Mr. WILSON. We extended the term of the
militia called out to nine months.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Under the old law the
militia were authorized to be called out for a
term of three months. At the lust Congress we
extended the time to nine months. In the pres-
ent instance these troops have been tendered; the
highest military authorities have recommended
their emplgyment; and under present circum-
stances it would lie wise, and under some contin-
gencies may be very important. They will relieve
a large number of troops in different localities, and
enable them to be placed in active service. What-
ever, therefore, might be my own opinion, which
would be good for nothing on the subject, as it is
a military matter, the law standing as it is, the thing
being done, and the House of Representatives
having passed it with great unanimity and at once,
1 did not feel authorized, and the Committee on
Finance did not feel authorized, to say that they
would not recognize it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here is the law which au-
thorized u to be done, and it makes it perfectly
clear that the Piesident has the power to call out
the militia:
"That when^vcrthe President of the (Jmted frtaiessluill
call iorlh the nw^itia of the States, to be employed in the
 ..'i vice of the (Jutted States, he may speciiy m his call the
p"i iod for v Inch Mich sei vice wilt be ivquiu'd, not exceed-
ing nine months; and the mihfia^o called <-lmii be mustered
m and ''onunue to srive for and dtiuns tin' term so *pcci-
1)ed, unless sooner discharged by command ot the Presi-
dent."
The only question that could be raised, there-
fore, would be whether the acceptance by the
President of an offer of militia by the Governors
of the States is a call within the language of the
law. On that subject I do not think there is any
reasonable doubt.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not seen, and I
do not know that there is any specific call; but
it is taken in that way. The troops were offered
and accepted. It is very easy for the President
to change it into a call, and he would undoubtedly
do it if it. were necessary,but that would only oc-
casion delay. They can be brought out and duly
mustered into the service of the United States just
as well under this tender by the Goverriois asun-
der a specificcallby the President. Itmay be said
that we give it our sanction by passing this reso-
lution; but that is a mere matter of form.
Mr. POMEROY. I should not like to oppose
any measure thatthe Administration might think
necessary for the suppression of the rebellion;
but it does seem to me that this is a most expens-
ive service. When we consider the cost of trans-
portation of these men, their outfit and their arm-
ing, and the short time they will render service,
I repeat it seems to me the most expensive ser- I
vice that the Governmentcouldemploy. I should
not like to vote against it or oppose it; but i con-
fess the whole policy of it looks bad to me. i
Mr. HALE. If I understood that anything j
was done under this call which the public faith
was pledged to meet, of course I would not hes-
itate to vote the appropriation, more or less; but
I do not undeistand it so.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senator
that after this offer was accepted by the Presi-
dent, the militiaof my own Slate, which had been
organized under the law of the State, was actually
called into the service; and I notice in the Ohio
papers that 1 receive that many of the regiments
met at the rendezvous yesterday and to-day, with
a view to receive orders, and they are now act-
ually under orders. Whether this kind of ser-
vice is a very expensive one or not is a question
on which I may differ with the Administration,
but undojbtedly the President has the power-to
call out the militia of the States, under the act of
1795, and also the act to which 1 have already re-
ferred, the act of July, 1862. That he has ac-
cepted the offer of these troops, which is sub-
stantially a call, there is no doubt; and, indeed,
they are to-day mustered into the service of the
United Slates, and are being organized and en-
rolled. They were mustered yestciday and to-
day in Ohio, and I notice in the papers that in
Indiana the same piocess is going on.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, i do not like to
give up entirely in regard to these public meas-
ures the discretion which is vested by the Consti-
tution in members of Congress. I do not pretend
to be a military man, nor to have the slightest
knowledge on earth about this subject abide from
that which necessarily accompanies a little mite
of plain common sense, which i do pretend to
have; but in my humble judgment a more unwise
measure than this has not been started since the
war commenced. 1 think it would be well for the
Senate to vote against this appioprtation m order
that it might be taken as an expression of opinion
by the Senate of what was wise and what was
unwise; and then, after we have refused this ap-
propiiation, if we shall refuse to give our sanction
to what I think isavery unwise measure, 1 would
go with the Senator from Ohio or anybody else,
as far as anybody, to meet the public faith and
keep public faith with the soldieis who have been
called out under this offer of the Governors of the
States and accepted by the President. Believing
it, however, to be unwise, believing it to be a
measure that can operate no practical utility under
heaven for the country, I am opposed to this ap-
propriation of $25,000,000. I wish to take this
opportunity of expressing thatopinion; and Iask
for the yeas and nays on the passage of the res-
olution .
Mr. SUMNER. What will the Senator do with
the troops cal'ed out?
Mr. HALE. 1 have just stated, if the Senator
had listened to me.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose this resolu-
tion is intended to appropriate funds to pay the
troops alluded to by the Secretary of Warm his
letter to General Schenck, of the House of Rep-
resentatives, of the^5th of April, in which he says:
"The Governors of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Towa, and
Wit-cons-in have tendered to tbel'iesklent. on ihe 23d Ui-
viiant, a latfie uumbtr oi volunteers l oi« their respective
States, tor seivicc duiing the pies-cut campaign. They are
expected to number Mom eighty thou-and to one hnndied
thousand men : their term of sei vice one huudi ed daj s from
muster in.* 1 r is- believed they can render useful service.
They aie to be paid no bounty, and are not u> diminish or
delay the diaft for three \e;u«-' men in stales where the
quota of pending dtaft i-. not filled up."
I have notlooked to ascertain whethei the Pies-
ident has the right under the existing laws to call
out one hundred days'men; but I presume that an
affirmative vote upon this lesoluhon on my part
would indicate to the President that 1 was in fa-
vor of culling out this force of one hundred days'
men. I will state to the Senate what I believe to
be the case: 1 do not believe the one hundred days'
men will be of any service. I think H is perfect
humbug; and although lam disposed to support
the Administration m anything and everything
calculated to put down the rebellion, I will not
vote for this measure. I will not vote for it under
any circumstances whatever. I do not think the
financial condition of the country is such that we
can afford to throw away $25,000,000 and per-
haps $50,000,000 upon an unavailable and unser-
viceable lot of men that will do no good whatever.
Why, sir. can you drill these men m one hun-
dred days? Will it be possible to have them so
that they could be taken into battle within the
one,hundred days r But it will be answered that
they can go into the fortifications; thut they can
be placed behind our armies; that they can guard
trams———
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will allow me to
ask him how long the troops that fought at Wil-
son's Creek, and who 1 believe fought very well,
had been in the public service?
Mr. HENDERSON. The battle of Wilson's
Creek, I believe, was fought in August, 1861. It
was fought by troops in the State of Missouri
who had been principally in military companies
in the city of St. Louis and had been drilled for a
number of years. They were as welt-drilled men,
generally speaking, when they went into the ser-
vice as there are now in the army of the Poto-
mac. I do.not mean to say that all the men.who
were engaged in that battle were such; but I speak
of the Missouii troops. I believe there were
some Iowa troops there, but 1 cannot speak with
reference to them.
But, sir, in my opinion, the body of men now
called out will be of no service whatever. If it
is intended that my vote affirmatively upon a
proposition of this character is to authorize the
President to call out this body of men, I cannot
give it. If the President takes the responsibility
of calling out one hundred thousand men for one
hundred daysto aid in suppressing this rebellion,
and then calls upon us to make good their pay-
ment by an appropriation here, I will go back
and look to the law and see whether the Presi-
dent had the power to call out those men, and if so,
I will vote to appropriate the money. But, sir,
he must take the responsibility of this act, not
myself. I will not vote for any such measure.
If {he draft is to be enforced why not go on and
enforce it? Why not raise troops for three years
or during the war? That is the character of
tioops we want. I see that a draft has been or-
dered in my State and one or two others; per-
haps in Ohio. Am I coirect?
Mr. SHERMAN. In all the States named the
quota is full, except in the State of Ohio, where
there is a deficiency, I am told, of between seven
and eight thousand, and that, I have no doubt,
will be filled up this week by draft or voluntary
enlistments; so that in all the States named the
quota of three years' men is full.
Mr. HENDERSON. That cannot be so in
Ohio, because a draft has been ordered there.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 say that in Ohio there is
a deficiency of between seven andeightthousand,
which is being filled up now, and 1 suppose will
be entirely filled up this week.
Mr. HENDERSON. If troops are needed for
three yeais or during the war, the length of time
required originally, let them be called out, and i-
will vote to appropriate any amount of money to
pay those men; but 1 am not in favor of calling
out a mob that five or six thousand disciplined
troops could run off any field of battle.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the Governors were
here I stated to the Governor of my State my ob-
jection to this mode of calling out three months' or
one hundred days' men. I did not believe it was
wise to do it. My opinions on that subject ore
well known. I think the draft ought to have
been enforced long ago, and we ought to rely on
a draft for men to serve during the war. But
that is not now the question. Tins offer of the
Governors was a patriotic one, intended to enable
the Government to wuhdiaw ail the regular troops
along the frontier and replace them with these one
hundred days' men to serve during this campaign.
The offer was made from patriotic motive^hy
the Governors representing these great States of
the West when they were here, it was accepted
by the President of the United States. The men
were called out. When I looked at the law I
found that the power of the President was ample.
By the act of 1795 the President is authorized to
call out the militia of one or more of the States to
suppress insurrection or repel invasion. Under
the act of 1795, theiefore, he would have had am-
ple power to call out the mtlitia of any State in
the Union for that purpose; but under the law of
July 17, 1862, his powers are still more enlarged.
It piovidts:
" That whenever the President of the United States shall
call forth the nuiitia of the States, to be employed in the
seivice ol the United States, he may specify ni his call the
pntod for v, Inch such set vice will be teq aired, not exceed-
ing nine months; and tiie militia so call-id shall be mu*-
! tered in and continue to sei% e for and during the term so
! specified, unless sooner discharged by command of th«
President."
The only question that can arise is whether
these men were called for by the President. 1
