1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!..
20Z&
Mr. VVJLSON, I understand that tho offer wag
made and Umt it has been accepted officially and
formally, and that before it was accepted the com-
mander oK the Army in the field, General Grant,
approved of it and advised it. I may be mistaken
in this information. This joint resolution was in-
closed in a letter written by the Secretary of War
to the chairman of the Military Committees of the
House of Representatives and of the Senate. I
think, therefore, nothing can be said in regard to
the power of the President to call out these troops;
nothing can be said in regard to the mode in which
they have be# n called out. We may doubt the
wisdom of this call for militia. If the question
were submitted to us to authorize the President
to call outone hundred thousand men for one hun-
dred days, I would not vote for it; but the Presi-
dent has exercised the power with which we have
clothed him; he has made the call; and many thou-
sands of these men are already embodied arid or-
ganized. I shall therefore vote for the proposi-
tion and leave the responsibility where it belongs,
upon the President of the United States.
Mr. H ENDERSON. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senator to the letter of Mr. Stanton i<?
General Schenck. At the close of it he says:
" Tlio impending operations render it expedient that there
should be eat&y action by Oougietss uponUie proportion, so
tliat, n* sanctioned, ail needful piovi&ious may be made in
duo season. 
Meaning thereby tkat he would not accept the
proposition until Congress acted upon it, and if
Congress accepted the proposition then he would
make provisions for calling out these troops. This
is a very late letter, dated on the 25th of April, and
I have seen nothing from the President since in
regard to it *U alt.
Mr. WILSON. I think the Senator must be
satisfied that the call was made,orratherthe offer
accepted, formally and officially; that these Gov-
ernors have issued their proclamations; and that
several thousand men have been embodied or aie
now organizing under this action of the President.
I undeisranu that these troops are to be used
in the fortifications and posts to be held in order
to allow the vetoian troops to go forward and join
the armies in the field- There have arrived in
this city to-day several companies of Iieavy artil-
lery from Massachusetts, who have been brought
here to man the fortifications while the veteran
troops go forward to the fiont.
Wo need all the men we have on our farms, in
our workshops, and in our manufacturing estab-
lishments. i have urged that we should have
aurhoi ity to raise men by the use of our State and
loral bounties in the rebel States, both black and
whit'*; and it has been met with persistent oppo-
sition. I think one of the greatest objections to
calling out these eighty or one hundred thousand
western men is, and will be felt to be, that it takes
those men from the cultivation of their farms—
fiom the raising of crops which are necessary to
suppoit the country. I want to put all the men
in the field that we need,and overwhelm the reb-
els; but I want to raise all the men we can in the
icbel sections of the country to help to fight our
battles. Tin* price of Ubor has risen everywhere;
the needs of labor are every where upon us both in
the workshops and in the fields; and we ought to
mise all the black men and all the white men we
can in the rebel States. I hope, therefore, that
Senators will remember when I call up the bill
from the House, as 1 hope to do in a day or two,
to allow us to raise men m the rebel States, that we
should favor our own loyal sections of the coun-
try, take caie of our own labor and material in-
terests, and put the burdens of the war as much
an wo can upon those States that have raised the
banners «>f treason.
Mr. CLARK. 1 concur with much thathasbeen
«uid in regard to the calling out of these men for
one hundred days; but it seems to me there is an-
other and a further view which the Senate ought to
take in tegardto tins matter, it is admitted that
;he Pies dent has the power to call them out. We
£avtj him by law the liberty to exercise his dis-
c.eiion. He is is exercised that discretion.
Mr. POWELL. WiH the Senator from 'New
Hampshire be kind enough to tell us what iaw
authorizes u?
Mr. CLARK. 1 cannot tell the precise date
of it. ft is the law which has been referred to by
the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. POWELL. That ;« tht law of 18*52. 1
have just examined it, and in my opinion it does
not meet the case at all.
Mr. CLARK-. That is not the point I propose
to argue. I understand the law to give him tlue
power to exercise his discretion to call ouitropp&.
i understand him to have exercised that discretion,
and to have determined that it was wise to call
out these men. It appears that he has done it
on consultation with the general commanding in
the field and on high military authority. It is
known to the country that we are undertaking a
great campaign. It is said by the Senator from
Massachusetts that money is plentier tUaa m.ea.
It is known to the country that we have not got
all the men required under thelast calls; that same
places have not filled up their quotas. Now this
is the point: when this great campaign is coming,
off; when our armies are expected daily to meet
the enemy in the field, when we need every man
we can muster, when the General-in-Chief has
said these men are needed, when the Governors
of the States have offered them, and when the
President has concluded to accept them, I want
to know wheie is the Senator that will say these
troops shall not come upon the knowledge he has ?
I would~not have ordered them without more in-
formation than I now have; but I certainly will
not take the responsibility of casting a vote which
shall prevent their coming. It may be that this
great campaign may fail for the want of these
very men, and the man who refuses them takes
the responsibility of defeat.
It is very true, as has been stated by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, that the troops which
were enlisted to remain in the States for their de-
fense have been ordered forward. The troops
that were enlisted to defend Boston harbor as
heavy artillery have been ordered here. Troops
enlisted in my State with a piomise that they
should not be called without the State have been
called here, and the men come without a murmur.
They say, 44 We are ready if the country needs
us." They enlisted for the State service, but
they say, 44 We wiil go if we are needed." The
Governor of my State has found it necessary to
call into the field troops to replace those he has
taken out of ihefortifications. Will Senators say
that these troops shall not come, when the Pres-
ident says he needs them, when the Secretary of
War says he needs them, when General Grant
says he nee da them, and advises that they be
biought? Here are five or six companies of a
regiment of cavalry that was being enlisted in my
State. They could not remain at home until they
were* mounted. They are ordered here for an
emergency; and if those men are wanted in the
fiont they will take their aims and they will go
on foot.
The Government mean, I hope, to make this
campaign decisive, and will you say it shall not
be decisive? Will you toy that for ^25,000,000
these troops shall not come to the aid of the Gov-
ernment? 1 for one shall not take the responsi-
bility of throwing a vote against this measure.
If my opinion had been asked, some time ago, 1
might have said it was not wise; 1 might say now,
with the information I have, that it may not be
wise; but the President has adjudged upon it, the
Secretary of.War has tuljudged upon it, these
Governors have adjudged upon it, the command-
er-in-chief has adjudged upon it, and these men
are asked tin and called for. Shall they not come?
I shall not take tne responsibility of givinga vote
against it.
"Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 fee! bound, linvii-g re-
ported this joint risoUu.on, that so far ad I am
concerned the Senate shall not act under any mis-
apprehension of fact. Thcie has been no cad,
in the technical sense of ihe wuitl, to my knowl-
edge, and I presume there has not been. The
simple fact is that the Governors of these States,
believing that it would be wll so liberate the reg-
ular soldiets thoie and that these troops would
render essential service, and all of them,,'?sstated j
by the Senator fiom Ohio, having filled their j
quota, offered the ser\ iv*es or' a certain number of ,
men to the Government for a specific period of j
one hundred days just at the most important pe- ;
riodof the campaign, and the President agreed to
accent their serv ices. The arrangement was made
so that the matter stands precisely thus; the Pres-
ident expected a certain number of men for a cer-
tain number of da}.2. Tin; gicund oh which i
put n is, though it is «<•* * c«*li Uinsub-
i stantially; usder the ktur the President im^aufet*
1 edly has the power to eaH out the militia of the
1 States.  
Mr. POWELL.
w.hat act gives the rjow&r.
tor. p£ssbnp%n. Them win#}. & -
a*%oc h4S j« his hand#.
Mi. POWELL, i think if the Senator «i-
pmines that set he will be of a different opinio*.
Mr. FESSEl?DEW. If die Senator is, ligiit
I am mistaken.- ' , .
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the fraiater p^rtrn.tisiQ
a moment? .
Mr. fPSSgNDEIi. Let me get throqgj). I
rose simply to sut myself right, bgcfiufie t 'ne^ej
want lo convey to the Senate any ith'ti that is
wrong. My yo^ion was that the President haji
the power; that he could exercise it atafl.yjmo*
ment. If we do not choose to accept it as itstands,
he can,if he pleases, makeaformal call,and then
we must do it, unless we repea) the law. If I mji
right in my construction of the law, that having
been decided upon, I think it aanecessary and
unwise to raise any technical questions upon tij(j
manner in which he has a«ed, }ie being Cum-
mander-in-Chief and having the authority to eall
out troops.
To be sure it may be said that by this appro-
priation we take the responsibility, we infrOree il.
So we indorse action whenever we make an ap-
propriation. All the power that we have in the®
cases, beyond the power of merely looking into
the matter and seeing whether the iaw has been
specifically complied with, is to make or to with-
hold appropriations. In a time of war, when the
military authorities are conducting it, whatever
may be my opinion as to the wisdom of their ac-
'tion in a particular line, X am not to cripple the
authorities, especially when I cannot understand
and there is no reason why 1 should be made to
understand (notbeinga military raaiiorconnected
with these things) the-wisdom ofa particular thing;
but I know what my duty here is, and that ia tu
furnish the means. It is very different, as  iy
friend from New Hampshire say.8,iii these days
from days of peace, when we can sciutynize their
action as much as we pleas#. J,f 1 wore to to
asked my opinion 1 should say .that the men at
the head of the Government are but meti, and are
liable to mistakes, a good many of them; and I
think they have in some instances made them;
but at the same time when 1 say that 1 should say
in addition that 1 do not claim to be even as wis?
as they are, and not having theiramountof knowl-
edge I am more liable to be mistaken than they
are in reference to the wisdom of their action, he;
cause they are acting in their sphere and I am act-
ing in mine, [ believe 1 have said all 1 knowabout
this matter.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I know of
no statutes upon this subject except the original
statute of 1795 and the act to which the honor-
able member from Ohio referred of the 17th of
July, 1862, which is an amendatory act to the
act of 1795, or, in the language of the profession,
supplementary to the act of 1795. The two aus,
therefore, are to be considered together.
it was assumed by my fiiend lion Ohio—of
course he thought it was very clear at the time,
and the honorable member from Maine has taken
the same wew—that it was very clcar that under
the supplementary act of 18652 the Piesident would
have had a right to call for the troops who have
been oiTered and accepted by Inm.and that it ia
therefore merely a question more of etiquette than
anything else, a question of form, whethei -these
men are properly in the service of the United
States or not.
The act of the :28th of February, 1795, wan
passed for the purpose of meeting one of two emer-
gencies: the first was an invasion byV foreign na-
tion or by the Indian tribes; the other wasanisisur-
reettot) in some one of the Stales,and it was pro-
posed, in anticipation of such an insurrection as
we had afterwards in Pennsylvania, to give to the
President the authority to call out for a limited
pci iod the militia upon the ocuiirence of either of
these events, foieign invasion or domestic insur-
irction. The act therefore.provides—
" That whenever the TJnixeU States shall be iovadetf, or
be m imminent ganger of Hivabion Iroul any foreign nation
or Jiult.'in tritie, it .-OiaiI he Inwtul far the Preside/it u[ the
United States to eali torch t-tteli number of tin: intlmrt of
tlie Stale or States most convenient *o the place of dan-
ger oi si.- of action, as he may judge necessn y to repel
