1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34
favor of administering the oath will vote in the
negative on this motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That would be the
impression of the Chair.
Mr". DOOLITTLE. I wish to understand the
question.
Mr. WADE. If the Senator from Kentucky
will withdraw his motion, I will put it in the af-
firmative shape, that they be admitted to their
seats and have the oath administered to them.
That would put the question in a better shape.
It would be the same question.
Mr. DAVIS. I think so, and I accept the sug-
gestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio, then, submits, affirmatively, a motion that
the oath of office be administered to the Senators
elcct from the State of West Virginia.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and taken
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bowdcn, Chandler, Clark,
Oollamer, Conness, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Fool, Fo^tor, Grimes, Hale, Harding, Harlan, Harris, Hen-
derson, Hicks, Howe, Johnson, Laneof Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Ne?mith, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Sherman, Spiague, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson of Massachusetts—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Hendricks, JVIcDou-
gall,and Powell—5. 6
Mr. HALE. Before the result is announced,
I wish to inquire if the name of Mr. Wilson, of
Missouri, was called. I think I heard it called.
1 do not know of any such member.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri was called. He was appointed to this
body, and holds his seat here until a successor
appears and qualifies.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. It is a Gov-
ernor's appointment.
Mr. HALE. That is not the law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A successor has
been elected, but has not appeared.
Mr. FOOT. Another question intervenes. In
the case of a former colleague of mine, Judge
Phelps, the Chair will well recollect, it was de-
cided that after the Legislature of the State had
convened and failed to elect, as in that case, the
appointee under the Executive of the State no
longer held under that appointment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair recol-
lects that very well.
Mr. FOOT. The Legislature of Missouri,
as 1 understand, have been together and have
elected a successor. Even if no successor had
been elected, under the decision in the case of
Judge Phelps, and confirmed subsequently in the
case of a member, Mr. Williams, from New
Hampshire, after the rising of that Legislature
the executive appointment falls, terminates.
Mr. GRIMES. I suspect, Mr. Piesident,
that the Legislature of Missouri has not yet ad-
journed. If it has not, I take it that Mr. Wilson
holds, under the Constitution and laws,until the
adjournment of the General Assembly of that
State, or until a successor shall appear and pre-
sent his credentials.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it, Mr. President,
he does not hold the seat if the Legislature have
elected a man to his place.
Mr. GRIMES. But we do not know that the
Legislature has done any such thing, and we
shall not know it until the credentials of that
man shall be presented, or the Legislature ad-
journs. 1 think the Legislature has not ad-
journed.
Mr. HENDERSON. The General Assembly
of my State, elected in November, 1862, met in
December, 1862, and adjourned in March, 18G3,
to a future day, the second Tuesday m Novem-
ber, 1863. The General Assembly, before the
adjournment in March, 1863, called a joint session
for the purpose of electing Senators, which joint
session was to meet, on the Thursday succeeding
the second Tuesday in November of 1863. On
the 13ih day of November last the General As-
sembly elected Mr. Brown in the place of my
colleague. 1 am not familiar with the cases re-
ferred to by the Senator from Vermont. I do not
know whether in the cases referred to the Legis-
lature adjourned sine die, or whether they ad-
journed to a day fixed.
Mr. GRIMES, is the Legislature of Missouri
etilt in session ?
Mr. HENDERSON. The Legislature is still
in session in my State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Legislature ad-
journed in March last, after the executive ap-
pointments were made by the Governor of Mis-
souri. The Legislature of the State of Missouri
having convened, and having at that session failed
to elect members to the Senate, nothing can be
clearer to me than that the executive appointments
fell with the adjournment of that Legislature.
The Constitution does not mean that the Legisla-
ture may adjourn from year to year, and that the
Executive appointee can hold. The language of
the Constitution is, that in case of vacancy the
executive^ may make an appointment to continue
until the 
Mr. JOHNSON. End of the next session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not until the end of the
Legislature.
Mr. CLARK. "Until the next meeting."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Until the next meeting
of the Legislature. Has the Senator from New
Hampshire the clause before him?
Mr. CLARK. Yes, sir. These are the words
of the Constitution:
" If vacancies happen by resignation, or otherwise, dur-
ing the recess of the Legislature of any State, the Execu-
tive thereof may make temporary appointments until the
next meeting ot the Legislature, which shall then fill such
vacancies.yy
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir, "until the next
meeting of the Legislature." The Legislature
had its meeting and adjourned without electing
any Senators at ail—adjourned for six months.
That certainly is to my mind conclusive that the
appointees of the Governor could not hold their
offices after that time, whether the Legislature at
its present session had elected Senators or not.
Mr. HALE. I think that the view presented
by the Senator from Illinois is cntiicly correct.
That word " meeting" has been construed over
and over again, and the most liberal construction
that has ever been claimed for it is that it extends
to the adjournmentof the first meeting of the Le-
gislature. The attempt has been made to hold
over in this way, as the Senator from Vermont
has expressed it, in the case of one gentleman from
Vermont, and also in a case from my own State,
where Mr. Williams insisted upon having his
seat here after the Legislature had met and ad-
journed; but I believe he was finally ejected by
the Scrgeant-at-Arnis from a secret session of the
Senate.
But, sir, there is a case stronger than that,
which occurred here m the history of the Senate.
I refer to the case of Mr. Robert C. Winthrop,
of Boston, who held an appointment under the
Executive of the State of Massachusetts for the
same term for which these appointments are al-
ways conferred. While he was here in the Sen-
ate he received news through the newspapers
that Mr. Robert Rantoul had been elected by the
Massachusetts Legislature in his place, and he
suggested to the Senate the propriety of his acting
any longer. I do not remember that any action
was had upon it; but I think that the advice of
several of the older members of the Senate was
taken, Judge Butler, who was then at the head
of the Judiciary Committee, among others, who
suggested that there was a manifest impropriety
in the Senator holding over, and Mr. Winthrop,
I think, packed up his books in his scat,and left
the Hall immediately. That wasacase where the
Legislature was in session and had never had an
adjournment; but here I understand there was a
meeting and an adjournment, and if the Constitu-
tion has any meaning at all, it applies to this case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire will excuse the Chair for call-
ing attention to the fact that the Senator whose
name is referred to has not voted on this call of the
roll, and therefore his name being there does not
affect this question. Thatbeing the case, and as
the Senators elect from the State of West Vir-
ginia are waiting to take the oath of office, the
Chair suggests that they be allowed to do so, and
this question can be settled afterwards. Is there
any objection to announcing the vote?
Mr. HALE. I think the fact that the Senate
sit by and recognize his being called by the Sec-
retary without objection would be a tacit admis-
sion of his right to sit. I think the name should
be taken out, but I have no particular derive to
press'thc question now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the question of.
administering the oath of office to the Senators
elect from West Virginia the yeas are 36, and the
nays 5. The Senators from West Virginia will
now present themselves and take the oath of office
prescribed by the Constitution.*
The oath to support the Constitution of the
United States,and the oath prescribed by the act
of July 2, 1862, were administered to Messrs,
Willey and Van Winkle, and they took their
seals in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A resolution was
submitted by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Foot,] which will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows: "
Resolved, That the Senate -proceed to ascertain the
classes in which the Senators from the State of West Vir-
ginia shall be inserted, in conformity with the resolution
of the 14th of May, 1789, and as the Constitution requires.
Ordered, That the Secretary put into the ballot-box two
papers of equal size, one of which shall be numbered one,
and thfi other shall bo a blank. Each of the Senators of the
State of West Virginia shall d aw out one paper, and the
Senator who shall diaw the paper numbered one shall be
inserted in the cla^s of Senators whose terms of service
will expire the 3d day of Mai eh, 1899. That the Secretary
then put into the ballot-box two papers of equal size, one
of which shall he numbered two, and the oilier s liall be
numbered three. The other Senator shall draw out one
paper. If the paper drawn be numbered two, the Senator
shall be insetted in the class of Senators whose terms of
service wjII expire the 3d day of March, 1865; and if the
paper drawn he numbered three, the Senator shall be in-
serted in the class of Senators whose terms of service will
expire the 3d day of March, 1857.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I desire
to say, by way of memorandum simply, that I
hold this all to be exceedingly wrong, tor I be-
lieve you cannot make a State of Western Virginia.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senators from
West Virginia will now ad vance to the Secretary's
desk for the purpose of drawing terms, in accord-
ance with the resolution just adopted.
Two papers, one a blank and the other num-
bered one, being put by the Secretary into the
ballot-box, Hon. W. T. Willey drew the blank,
and Hon. P. G. Van Winkle the paper num-
bered one; and the latter gentle-man is accordingly
in the class of Senators whose terms of service
will expire on the 3d day of March, 18G9. Two
other papers, numbered two and three, being then
put into the ballot-box by the Secretary, Hon.
W. T« Willey drew the paper numbered two,
and is accordingly in the class of Senators whose
terms of service will expire on the 3d day of
March, 1865.
IIOUR OF MEETING.
On motion ofMr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts,
it was
Ordered] That the hour of the daily meeting of the Sen-
ate be twelve o'clock, meridian, until otherwise ordered.
SEAT OF IION. ROBERT WILSON.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary bo in
stiuctedto inquire and leport whether IJon. llobeit Wilson
is still a Senator from the State of Missouii.
Mr. FOOT. It lies on the table.
NOTIFICATION TO THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. FOOT submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee, consisting of three mem-
bers, be appointed to join such committee as may be op-
pointed by the House of Representatives!, to wait upon the
President o( the United States,and inform him that aquo-
rum of each House has assembled, and that Corijrres.s is
ready to receive'any cumiiiunieaiion he may be pleased to
make.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, and by unanimous
consent, the Vice President was authorized to ap-
point the,committee; and lie appointed Messrs.
Foot, Tkcmbdll, and Nesmith.
Mr. HALE. Is it not usual to notify the House
of Representatives that the Senate are in session ?
Mr. FOOT. This is a permanent body, and
the custom is, and the courtesy is, to wall until
we are notified that there is a House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I wish to give notice
that I shall aslc leave to-morrow, or upon some
subsequent day, to introduce the following bills:
A bdl to repeal the §300 exemption clause in
