1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
800E
to appeal cither to us justice or to the obligations
imposed upon it by the Constitution is the very
weakest at "imiont i hat a man can use. But when
you hnvi; no olyct m this procedure except to
aid a fiuud, wiu*u the forfeiture that yoa lmve is
sufficient, over and overa^ain, to cover the amount
that {ho Govci anient may chum, it seems to me
to be idle to « mrr on a doubtful field like this,
even supposing that there is no constitutional
question involved. I know of butone argument
in favor of the amendment, and that is the argu-
ment of consist! ncy. You have already destroyed
the right existing: under that old English maxim
which makes a man's house his castle. You have
deprived him of that protection. You have al-
ready deprived a man of the privilege of trans-
acting' his own business without being subjected
to tiie idle and impudent curiosity of parties who
wish to inquire into it; and it would be almost
inconsistent to adopt any measure that would be
no encroachment on popular rights.
i\lr. BEAMAN. 1 rise to a point of order. 1
want to know if the gentleman's argument has
any reference to Ins amendment to strike out the
last word.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is not
material, as the gentleman's time has expired.
The question was taken on Mr. Brown's amend-
ment to the amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. GANSON. I move to strike out the woids
" such spints." I do not see why we should ex-
empt the spirits of the man who has violated the
law.
Mr. BOUTWELL. If the spirits can be found
they are always liable for the duties under this
act. It is not necessary by this provision of law
that a lien should be put upon the spirits, for all
articles subject to tax are responsible for the tax
themselves. That is so by the old sixty-ninth
section and by anothersection of this bill. If the
spirits can be found they are liable for the tax.
I think the amendment as it comes from the
Senate is a desirable one. It may turn out to be
unconstitutional as the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin suirgestH, but as he has great respect for the
Supreme Court of the United States, if any party
is ajjgi leved he can submit the question to that
court. It will be agreed,I think, that its decision
is as £00d as the opinion of the Government.
The Government has suffered from irresponsi-
ble distillers leasing premises for distillmgspirits;
the Government has been defrauded of its just re ve-
nue, and, although there may be cases of hardship,
I think tiie principle is a safe one that the prop-
erty of the distillery should be held responsible
for the doings of the distiller.
The amowlment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr BROWN", of Wisconsin. I move to strike
out ail aft^r the first word.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I insist that the gentle-
man shall confine his remaiks to the amendment
which he h? s submitted.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. The gentleman
from Massachusetts, in his zeal to suppress dis-
cussion, might as well wait until he has heaid
my argument before he raises a question of order.
Gentlemen who believe they have the right sel-
dom wish to escape fiom discussion. It is only
those who believe that, by brute force, by a nu-
merical majority, they can vote down any piop-
osition, whether ri^ht or wrong, who rcaoit to
such lules and desire to apply the gag to mem-
bers of this House.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the argument the gentle-
man makes well becomes the gentleman who
maKes it, and the side of this House fi om which it
comes. It is an argument that we, acting under
our oaths to do our duty under the Constitution,
and to comply with all of Us provisions, shall
pass a law independently of these oaths,and for-
getting what we have promised. He says let us
pass these propositions, and it they are wrong the
Sunieme Couit can make them right! It fur-
nishes a key to the action of this House during
this session on moie than one half of us legisla-
tion. Day after day we have appealed m vain,
not only to the piotection of the Constitution,
but to the piotection ofthose principles of justice
which he back of all constitutions, and which all
men", whether boi n under the despotic sway of a
Rusljan czar or in a flee land^havc lecognized
as '.he p«imary object ot all legislation.
We havi* followed such rules because the nu-
merical majority ot this House have the power.
They can pass tliis bill and leave to the courts to
supply what we'luive left undone.
Any attempt by any party, under the plea of
necessity, to take the property of the innocent as
a punishment for the fault of the guilty is dis-
honest as well as unconstitutional. It will be en-
couraging the spirit of plunder.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I am sorry the gentleman
had not more time, for his argument is so ger-
mane to the amendment. [Laughter.] I regret
that he should not have a larger privilege; but if
it were granted to him some of the rest of us
•would ask for the same thing. As he did notget
to the amendment we are not enlightened enough
to vote with him, and 1 hope the amendment will
be voted down.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, withdrew his
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. GANSON. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the amendment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 47, nays 51, not voting 84; asfol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs*. Alley, Allison, Ames, Daily, John D.
Baldwin, Beaman, Bouuvell,nroomall, Ambrose \V. Clark,
Cobb, Cole, Cieswell, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Eckley,
Eliot, Fenton, Frank, Higby, Hooper, Hotchkiss, John H.
Hubbard, ingersoll, Orlando Kellogg, Littlrjobn, Loan,
MeHnde, Mcindoo, Moorhead, Morrill, Norton, Charles
O'Neill. IVrham, Puce, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice,
Shannon, Sloan, Sunther*, Btevens, Upson, Van Vaiken-
burgh, Elihu B. Wa^hburno, Webster, Wilson, and Wood-
bridjre—47,
NAYS—Messrs. Jamos Allen, William J. Alien, An-
euua, Aujju-tu- C. Baldwin, S. Biown, Oli:inlera
nox, Cniven?, Daw-on, Eden, Edgerton, Eklndge, Fmek,
Galium, Garfield, Gn.-vvoid. Hale, Hardin??, liernck, ilol-
man, Philip Johnson, K.ilbflei.-ch, Kernan, Luzonr, Marcy,
Maivin, McAllister, McDowell, MoKmney, James U. Mor-
ris. Moiu>-on, Leonard Myp s, Odoll, Pendleton, Piuyn,
llobuicon. Jamns Rollins, Hov*, Seofield, Scott, John B.
fcneele, William G. Steele, Utiles, Strou&«, Tracy, Wad*-
uorth, Wnulj (Jiniion A. White, Joseph W. Wluie, Wil
hams and Fernando Wood—51.
NOT VOTING-—"Ylesst*. Anderson, Arnold, Ashley, Bai-
lor, Blame, Blair, Bliss, Blow, Boyd, Hiandcgee, Biooks,
William G. Btown, Fieumati Clarke, ('lay, Coflroth, Henry
Winter Davi-\ Thomas T.Davis, Deimng, Demson, Dnggs,
Outnonr, Kitgh-h, Farnsworth, Goneh, Gnder, Giinnell,
Hall, Harrington, Benjamin G. HairH, Charles M. Harris,
Avahel W. Hubhaul, Hulbuul, Hutehins, Jencki's, William
Johnson, Julian, i\n-?on, KHley. Franew W. Kellogg, King,
Knapp, Knox, Law, Lo l'.lond, Long, Longyear, Mallory,
Mot !1ur<r, Middleton, Samuel F. Miller. William 11. Millor,
Daniel Morns, Amos Myeis NoU-ou, ftohle, John O'Neill,
Orth, Patten-on, Peirv, Pike, Ponieroy, lladiord. Samuel J.
Randall, William 11. B.u.dall, Rogeis, Edward H. Rollins,
^chenck, Smith, Spaldinti, Starr, Stcbbin**, Stuart, fcvveat,
Thayer, Thoma-, Vooiliees, William B. Washburn, Wna-
lev. Wheeler, Wilder, Wmdom, Wmfield, Benjamin Wood,
and Yenman—81.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
Dunns: the roll-cnli,
Mr. NORTON stated that Mr. Arnold was
detained at home on account of sickness.
Mr. L. MYERS stated that Mr. Amos Myers
had loft the House on account of illness.
And then, on motion of Mr. MORRILL, (at ten
o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.   
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 16, 1864.
Piayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Bowman.
The Journal of yestei day was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FOOT presented seven petitions of citizens
of Vermont praying for the passage of the bill
(II. R. No. 276) to secure to persons m the mil-
itary and naval service of the United States home-
steads on confiscated or foifelted estates ininsur-
lectionary disuiets; which were rcfeired to the
Committee on Public Lands. - • •
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Boston, Massachusetts, and a petition of
■ I citizens of Huntington county,  
jl praying for the passage of the bill (H. R. No. 27b)
]! to seeuieto peisons in the military and naval ser-
j I vice of the United States homesteads on confiscated
,1 or foifeited estates in insurrectionary distiicts-,
which were referred to the Committee on Public
. Lands. . .
Mr. SUMNER, presented six petitions of men
, and women of the United States praying for the
j abolition of slavery, and such an amendment of
the Constitution as will forever prohibit fts ex-
istence in any portion of the Union; which were
referred to the select committee on slavery and
freedmen.
Mr. WADE presented a memorial of citizens o€
Ohio engaged in the manufacture and. workifi^of
marble, remonstrating against any increase of the
duty on marble; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
TREASURY PRINTING AKD ENORAVING.
Mr. WADE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire in what manner the engraving and printing of the
fractional currency, bonds, notes, and other Government
securities is conducted in the Treasury building; what
safeguards have been adopted forthe protection of the pub-
lic interests, and to secure the integrity of the said issues of
notes and bonds, and for the safety of the dies and piates
used in printing the same: what expendiiures have been
made for the purchase of machinery, and for labor and
materials; what alterations have been made in the Treas-
ury building for the accommodation of tiie said work, and
the cost of the same, as well as their effect upon the sta-
bility and convenience of the building; from what appro-
priations the said expenditures have been made; and that
the said committee have power to send for persons and
papers.
REPORTS "FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee en
Commerce, to whom was referred the petition
of citizens of New Albany, Indiana, praying that
New Albany may be made a district for the in-
spection of steamboats and for the collection of
customs, reported adversely thereon.
He also, fi om the same committee, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R, No. 520) for the relief of
Samuel BeasUm, master of the schooner George
Harris, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and thatit be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. Wo. 519) repealing cer-
tain provisions of law concerning seamen on
board of public and private vessels of the United
States, reported it without amendment.
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was referrexl the bill (S. No. 290) for increased
facilities of telegraph communication between the
Atlantic and Pacific States and the Territory of
Idaho, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the petition of Wil-
liam Rogers Hopkins, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from Ihe Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the petition of the
American Shipmasters' Association, submitted a
report accompanied by a bill (S. No. 310) forthe
promotion of commerce and the improvement of
navigation. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
PREVENTION OF SMUGGLING.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was leferred the amendment of
the House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
266) to prevent smuggling, and for other pur-
poses, recommend that the Senate non-concur in
the amendment. I make that motion, and also
that the Senate ask for a conference on the sub-
ject.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to suggest to the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce whether
we had not better simply non-concur. That will
send the bill back to the House of Representa-
tives, and put it upon the House to ask a confer-
ence, as 1 think ought to be done in this case, as
the amendment here, which purports to be a sub-
stitute for the entire bill, is in all essential par-
ticulars the bill itself. 1 think when the other
House sends to us an amendment as a substitute
to our bill, which amendment is substantially the
bill itself, we have a right to non-concur and ask
them to take the initiative in any fuither pio-
ceedmgs.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; I withdraw
the motion for a conference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the amendment of the House
of Representatives.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
THOMAS J. GALBRAITH.
Mr. WILKINSON.. The Committee on In-
