1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1049
out m that statement by an examination of the
facts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I recollect very well that
for a very few days gold did reach the point of
172; but it was for but a very few days. I am
speaking of the value to the bondholder of the
provision that the interest shall be paid in coin.
It makes the interest worth to him now at the
present depreciated condition of the paper cur-
rency of the country above nine per cent. It is
therefore a very desirable loan, and has gone above
par, in paper at least.
Another provision of the law that made these
bondsof value to the holders was exempting that
investment from State and municipal ^taxation.
Then, again, as the paper currency of the country
has increased, of course the demand for this in-
vestment would increase. When you add one
hundred millions to the paper currency of the
country, and thus depreciate that currency, you
increase the demand for investment in these bonds
that pay interest in com.
While I am up I wish to say that there is one
class of persons who will be benefited by the
proposition of the Senator. I intended to allude
to it when I was on the floor before. As well as
I could, I have attempted to ascertain the exports
and imports at New York during the last four
months. I find that in November the exports
were $7,408,957; in December, $8,731,4KG; in Jan-
nary, $6,926,293; and in February, $8,300,354;
making; the entire exports from the port of New
York during those four months $31,367,090. Dur-
ing the same months the imports have been: in No-
vember, $14,924,618; in December, §17,509,273; m
January, $18,430,314; in February, £17,034,303;
making the imports $67,898,508, and the excess
of the imports over the exports $36,531,418.. This
estimate excludes the exports of gold, and i« made
upon specie valuations. There is then a balance
against that port of $36,531,418. During the same
time the exports of gold were $17,450,339, leav-
ing uncovered of the imports at the port of Npw
York $19,081,079 for the last four months; show-
ing upon its face, as comparing the exports of
produce and of com at the port of New Yoik, an,
indebtedness of $19,081,079. I do not claim that
this statement is entirely accuiate. It is as accu-
rate as 1 could have it. 1 was not able to procure
the information at the Treasury Department which
would enable me to say certainly that it is entire-
ly reliable. I believe the statement is reliable.
Then, sir, if there is an indebtedness at the port
of New York of $19,081,079, and you authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to sell $20,000,000
of gold, and throw that upon the market sudden-
ly and unexpectedly, and a great depreciation in
the price of gold as compared with paper takes
place, these nnpoi lers who have contracted this
foreign debt, which they must pay in coin, re-
ceive the benefit of the tiansaction, provided they
can have the confidence of the Secretaiy of the
Treasury, and get to know when the sale takes
place, i. can sec a direct advantage which they
may enjoy in this transaction
1 was unable to perceive any objection that the
Senator urged against my amendment. He simply
said that it ought not to be supported. He said
as a reason, to be sure, that it favored the class of
contractors—a class that 1 would be as reluctant
to favor as himself; but when 1 say it is no favor
to them, then that objection is answered. What
further objection has he urged? Has he, as the
representative of the Finance Committee, said
that it is not a practical measure; that it will not
succeed, and cannot in the nature of the case suc-
ceed? He cannot say that; for when the coin is
paid to the contractors or persons who furnish
supplies to the Army at its value as compared with
paper, they will as readily receive that as they
will receive the paper, and many would rather
xeceive it, for it is a thing of nioie pei mane nt value.
Sir, the proposition that I have submitted to the
Senate is free from the objections which I think
strike the mind of every Senator to the measure
proposed by the committee, and it arrives at the
end which we all desire; that is, securing the re-
1 turn of the gold that is now in the Treasury to the
channels of trade and commerce. Let that have its
legitimate and proper effect upon the gold market.
I am willing and 1 desire that the price of gold
shall be broughtdown,provided the ordinary com-
mercial transactions of the country have that
effect. If you restoic to the channels of com-
merce this accumulation of gold and it has that
effect, I shall be glad to see it; but I do not want
to see the values in this country controlled by the
will of any one man. The value of the property
that I hold, the value of the corn that the con-
stituents I represent have in their cribs to-day,
the value of their products that are now seeking
a market depend upon the value of gold in the
market; and I am not willing to say, and 1 think
the Senate ought not to be willing to say, that the
Secretary of«che Treasury shall have the power
either to raise in the market or to depreciate in
the market the value of every piece of property
in the country.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Indiana to the amendment of the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On thatquestion I desire
to have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I do not think
the amendment proposed by the Committee on
Finance ought to be adopted, for the reason that
I do not believe it will cure the evil that it pro-
poses to remedy. It clothes the Secretary of the
Treasury with the power to sell all the gold that
may be on hand in the Treasury not needed for
the payment of the interest on the public debt, at
any time,at any place, and in any manner he may
elect. I do not think any officer of tins Govern-
ment should be clothed with any such power.
From the estimate made by the Senator from Ohio
it will be perhaps a sum not exceeding $2U,000,000.
It would be a very dangerous and a very extraor-
dinary power to confer on the Secretary of the
Treasury, and it would be one, in my judgment,
calculated to do great mischief to the Government.
So far from regulating and keeping as uniform as
possible the paper money, or, as gentlemen say,
the price of gold, it would he calculated to make
it fluctuate much more than it now does. Sup-
pose the Secretary of theTreasury should choose
to put into the maiket ten or twenty millions of
gold, and he were to sell it in open maiket, if you
please, or at private sale, and the gold had gone
out of the Trcasuiy, it would be known by all
these speculator that that amount of gold could
no longer m any way come into com pet ition, and
the result would be that gold would instantly ad-
vance.
But, sir, if you clothe the Secretary of the
Treasury with this power, he might dispose of
this gold at his private office, if he chose to con-
fer favors upon his friends. 1 am making no
assault on the Secretary of the Treasury. The
present Secretary of the Treasury may be as hon-
est and as capable as the Senator from Ohio says
he is; but he may not be Secietaiy of the Treas-
ury to-moirow. We should not legislate with a
view to the fact that we have confidence in an
official. Our laws should be so framed as to pre-
vent any official from doing wrong or bestowing
favors upon favorites, as far as it is possible to
do so by law. If the Secretary of the Treasury
were disposed to exeicise favoritism and to en-
rich his friends, he might take advantage of a mo-
ment when, in consequence of the victories of our
arms or any other cause, gold had depreciated;
or he might ha\e in his possession information
that others did not have, «ff disasters to ourarms,
recognition abroad of the confederate States, or
something else which he knew would cause gold
rapidly to advance, and if he chose to do it he
might part with his twenty millions of gold to his
friends, knowing that instantaneously*!} ere would
be a very rapid rise in that article. We should
not so legislate as to lead our officials into tempt-
ation.
But, sir, this measure will not remedy the evil.
If you require the Secretary'of the Treasury—
which, if you sell this ^old at all, I hope will be
done—to advertise and to sell it in open market
to the highest bidder, does not every man know
that speculators will combine and purchase it all,
and the moment it is out of the market gold will
go up at once? The result of such tampering is
always to create fluctuations instead of steadiness
and firmness in the money maiket. It will not
and cannot operate otherwise.
The Senator from Ohio, if I understood him the
other day, said the Seeietary of the Treasury
should do e vcrythmg he could to depreciate gold.
Why, sir, there is no power in the puny arm of
the Secretary of the Treasury to depreciate gold-
Gold is not a depreciable article. It is the measure
of values, and neither the Secretary of theTreas*
ury nor this Government has any power to depre-
ciate gold. It regulates values throughout.the^
whole commercial world. I admit that this Gov-*
ernment by its action can depreciate its paper
money, but there is no depreciation of gold. If
the object of this measure is to clothe the Secre-
tary oi the Treasury with power to depreciate
gold, he will find that all the laws we can pass on
that subject will be utterly futile. We might as
well by law attempt to give the Secretary power
with the breath of his nostrils to roll back the
fiercest hurricane that ever sweptacross the con-
tinent as to attempt by law to clothe him with
power to depreciate gold.
Sir, I will tell you what we could clothe him
with power to do; and that is, to prevent the de-
preciation of this paper money. The Senator from
Ohio indicated a mode by which, in my judgment,
that can be done, and this gold can be used for
that purpose. If I understood the Senator aright
yesterday, he declared that it could be used for the
purpose of creating a sinking fund. Let me tell
the Senate, if they wish to stop this depreciation
of paper money, if they wish to uphold the credit
of the United States, the best thing they can do
would bp to create a strong sinking fund adequate
to the purpose of paying off the interest and ulti-
mately to extinguish the principal of the public
debt. If every dollar of gold in the Treasury were
thus appropriated, you could not make a wiser
appropriation of it to keep the currency uniform
and sustain the credit of the Government. There
is no country that has a large indebtedness but
what looks to a well-regulated sinking fund forthe
purpose of extinguishing the debt and meeting
the interest promptly as it may accrue. Let us
devote this gold, if it has accumulated unneces-
sarily, in that way. Do that, sir; and if we would
establish a sinking fund dedicated to this purpose
that was amply sufficient to meet the interest
promptly and ultimately to extinguish the debt,
there would be no necessity for the friends of the
Secretary to offer propositions to allow him to de-
. preciate gold—an impossibility—but it would ele-
vate the credit of the Government, and it would
prevent to too great an extent the depreciation of
this paper money.
But the Senator from Ohio said a moment ago
that if, at the time of the passage, some two years
ago, of the law to authorize the sale of these five-
twenty bonds, it had been said they could be ne-
gotiated at par, nobody would have credited it?
and yet thathad been done. I deny that one dol-
lar of thpse five-twenty bonds has been sold at
par. They have been sold at from thirty to thirty-
five per cent, discount at least. I admit, if you
take this paper money as the standard,they have
been sold at par; but the paper money with which
you pay for the five-twenty bonds is at thirty or
forty per cent, discount; and it has ranged from
twenty-five to forty per cent, ever since this ne-
gotiation has been going on.
Sir, there has not been a dollar of the five-
twenty bonds sold for par, taking gold as the
measme of value; and what interest do you give?
You give, reducing it to a gold standard, nine per
cent, interest upon those bonds; and in addition
you exempt them from Federal and State taxa-
tion. That is the reason they are sold at par, in
the language of those who speak of this paper
money as being1 at par. It is at a most exorbit-
antintciest. Taking-paper money,the articleby
which you pay for the five-twenty bonds, as the
standard, your interest is nine per cent., an ex-
traordinary mteiest for a solvent Government to
pay for money. The interest is payable in coin,
and when we xeduce it to paper money it is about
nine per cent. Why, sir, if this Government,
when specie was the standaid, had negotiated its
loans at nine per cent., the whole world would
have been astonished at such an extravagant in-
terest. It is unnecessary for me to speak about
selling our bonds at par, and all that kind of thing,
when we pay for them in a trash of paper money
that is at thirty per cent, discount, sometimes
more and sometimes less. They are not at par,
but are sold at a heavy and ruinous discount.
But, sir, I would never allow the Secretary of
the Tieasury to exercise this power. I would
use this gold, if it accumulated in the Treasury,
for the purpose of making the sinking fund strong
