1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
and giving it the capacity of meeting the pay-
ment of the interest on our debt, and, ultimately,
to extinguish that debt. Then you would place
youf credit upon such a firm basis, by creating a
sinking fund large enough to pay the debt, that
your bonds would sell at par in coin and your
paper money would pass at par.
But the Senator~iiold us yesterday that in all
wars paper money was absolutely necessary.
Some great men did not think as the Senator
does. The first Napoleon was thought to have
some genius for war and some genius for civil
administration. I have in my hand a very short
letter written by that distinguished man on the
20th day of October, 1805, which I will read:
Elchingen, October 20, 1805.
ToM. Regnier:
I am sorry to see that my Tribunal of Commerce doc<5 not
attend to its business. Bank notes are not money, and do
not bear the mark of the sovereign. Payment in notes is
no longer an obligation. In a country where just ice is com-
promised, social order no longer exists. The bank must
exchange its notes for coin, or close its doors if it has 110
coin. I will not have paper money.
NAPOLEON.
That letter was written, as the Senate will ob-
serve, on the 20th of October, 1805. At that time
perhaps the first Napoleon was surrounded by
more difficulties and engaged in a heavier conflict
of tftms than ever before. The day after that the
battle of Trafalgar was fought. On that very day,
I believe, Ulm surrendered, and about that time
Ney gained his celebrated victory over the Aus-
trians at the very place from which this letter was
dated. At that time we find Napoleon engaged
with Russia, Austria, England, and other Powers
in the mostdesperate conflicts; and yet he carried
on those wars, and carried them on successfully,
for that was one of his successful campaigns—it
was disastrous in some parts, but taken altogether
it was successful—and at that very time he re-
pudiated paper money and declared that the banks
that did not redeem their notes with coin at their
counters should be closed.
Sir, the argument is all stuff that this Govern-
ment was ever driven to resort to this extravagant
and excessive issue of paper money.
I do not believe that the amendment offered by
the Senatoi fiom Indiana is liable to the harsh'
criticism of the Senator from Ohio. 1 do not think
itfavorsthese contractors whom everybody seems
to be pelting. I have some sympathy even for a
dog that is kicked too much, and I shall make no
assault upon these contractors, though I do not
reckon they are a bit better than they ought to be.
The amendment of the Senator from Indiana is in
these words:
In payment for war mateiials and supplies or of debts of
the United State? then due, piovtded the same be paidnud
received at its value in the eity of New York as compared
with legal tender Treasuiy notes.
I do not see that that confers any benefit on (he
contractor. If he receives coin in payment, he
receives it at what is its value in New York com-
pared with Treasury notes. The consequenceis
he is not enriched at all. If the Government owes
a contractor say $100 and pays him with sixty or
seventy dollars in coin and the coin can command
$100 in Treasury notes and no more, the con-
tractor is not benefited. But, sir, under this
amendment you can pay any debts of the United
States in coin. Why not pay it to the soldier?
If we owe money to the soldier in the field I sup-
pose that is a debt. Under this proposition the
Senator from Ohio himself might be paid in coin.
You might pay him sixty dollars instead of $100
in Treasury notes that may be due him as part
of his salary, provided that was the measure of
value between the Treasury note and the gold at
New York.
If you do not use this gold for the purpose of
strengthening your sinking fund, which, in my
judgment, would be much the wiser and better
policy, I think you should adopt this amendment
of the Senator from Indiana. It would afford a
means by which this gold could be placed in all
the channels of commerce without prejudice to
anybody, without exhibiting a favoritism to any-
body, by paying it to the honest and just creditor,
nothing more and nothing less. You cannot speak
of them as a favored class. If your paper cur-
rency should be reduced to one half, and you owed
a man $100 in paper currency and paid him fifty
dollars in gold in extinguishment of the debt, is
there any favoritism in that? No, sir; and yet
the honorable Senator from Ohio calls the con-
tractors a favored class underthisamendment. I
suppose it is-because contractors are unpopular,
and you can get up a little howl about them.
Mr. President, I shall vote for the amendment
of the Senator from Indiana, and I hope it will be
adopted. If it is desirable to have the amount of
gold thus accumulated in the Treasuiy distrib-
uted in the ordinary channels of commerce—and
I think it is—you should adopt this amendment.
If you do not pass any law on the subject, in obe-
dience to the law cited by the Senator from Ohio
yesterday, you should use it for the purpose of
strengthening your sinking fund, in order to up-
hold the credit of the Government. This amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana will meet the
objections to the proposition of the committee,
and will also prevent the Secretary of the Treas-
ury from entering the gold maiket. All this dab-
bling by the Government in the money market of
the country must result deleteriously; it cannot
result otherwise; and it will increase instead of
preventing fluctuations.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, it is my pur-
pose to vote for the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Finance, and I rise merely for the
purpose of stating why it is that I do not enter-
tain the same hope that the relief will be a per-
manent relief that seems to be entertained by the
honorable member from Ohio.
That the present condition of the currency is to
be lamented, everybody who feels an interest in
the character of the country, and particularly in
thecondition ofthe country at this time, willagree;
but I very much incline to think that the depre-
ciation in the currency—by the currency I mean,
of course, the paper currency of the United States
—is not owing so much to the hoarding of gold
by the Government as to the actual condition in
which the country is. If there was full reliance
in the ability of the United States to meet all its
engagements at the tetmination of this war, I
have no idea that gold would command the price it
now commands; and I am very far from believing
that the depreciation of the paper, as compared
with the gold, is owing mainly or very materially
to the fact that the United States are now the hold-
ers, or will be the holders on the Istof July next,
.of ^20,000,000 more than they will need for the
purpose of paying the interest on the debt due at
that time.
Everybody feels, even those who are the most
sanguine of a favorable termination of this con-
flict, somewhat alarmed at the rapid increase, the
present large amount of the public debt, and the
probably much larger amount before tluit time
shall come. It is now neat ly equal to the debt of
England. If we shall not have a peaee within
one, two, or three years, it will be much greater,
and infinitely greater, not only m the amount of
principal, which we shall have to provide for, but
in the amount of the interest. The interest on
no portion of the debt of England exceeds four
per cent., while ours is six per cent.
The necessarily vast expenditure of the Gov-
ernment has led, and is now leading, to an ex-
travaganceunequaled, I think, in any other coun-
try in the world; and that is especially true of the
larger cities. The amount unnecessarily spent
with a view to show and the enjoyment of lux-
urious habits and luxurious display in the city
of New York is infinitely greater than anything
that can bo found either in London orm Paris; and
H is principally caused by the immense amounts
which we are obliged to pay in order to carry
on this war. The profits are enormous. The
profits upon'all the contracts which the Govern-
ment has made (and they have made them, I have
no doubt, upon the best terms) are enormous.
Everybody seems to be rich, and nobody seems
to look forward to the time when the country
may, perhaps, be poor, and they live on as if
that time never would come.
I have some repugnance to this measure too as
a mere matter of public policy. I fear that it may
have^a bad influence upon the credit of the United
States abroad to say that the United States finds
itself in thecondition of going into the market and
buying its own paper at a depreciation of some
twenty, thirty, or forty percent. Strictly speak-
ing, and looking to the ordinary obligations and
relations which exist as between creditor and
debtor, the debtor ought to pay really the amount of
his debt in money. If an individual debtor issues
his notes for a large amount, and he goes into the
market and speculates upon his own paper, his
credit suffers in the estimation of everybody; and
I am afraid that the same effect may be produced
upon the credit ofthe United States by suffering1
the United States to go into the market and spec-
ulate upon their paper.
It seems to me, Mr. President, that the.only
certain mode (and certainly the mode which, be-
cause I believe it is the best, I should be in favor
of) to redeem the credit of the currency would be
the imposition of proper taxes. The amount of
taxation which we have already imposed bears
little or no proportion to the amount which we
have got into our hands by way of loan; and there
seems nogreat disposition on the part of Congress
to increase that amount. There are hundreds and
thousands of articles which enter into the wants
of the community, many of them articles of mere
luxury, which will bear a much larger amount of
taxation than we have imposed. Ifwecould there-
fore be induced—by "we" I do not mean the
Senate; I mean both branches of Congress—to in-
crease the taxation so as to satisfy the publicgen-
erally that the public debt and the interest of the
public debt will certainly be paid, and aboveall—
for at last that will enter into the calculations—if
we can carry on the war successfully in the ap-
proaching campaign, the credit of the nation will
rfcvive and gold will fall some ten per cent, or
more.
But that is not to be accomplished, as I under-
stand. The Secretary of the Treasury,as I col-
lect from the member from Ohio, thinks that a
provision of this sort might be used most advnn-
tageouslyfor the purpose of sustaining the exist-
ing currency. I am willing to trust to his judg-
ment. I have no fear that the public will lose
from any want of integrity on the part of that
officer. I know it has been said—the whole com-
munity has been filled with such a rumor—that
he has used the powers he already possesses for
the purpose of rewarding or enriching some of
his particular fiicnds, and the single instance al-
luded to, and in relation to which the Senator
from Ohio has vindicated him, is but one of a
great many; but that instance proves how very
unjust have been those rumors.
I have heard—and I never heard any contra-
diction until 1 listened to the honorable member
from Ohio this morning—that the Secretary had
given to those favored bankers, who are said, one
or more of them, to be his relatives, one half of
one per cent, for negotiating this loan; that of
that half they retained one half, being one fourth
of one per cent., and gave the other fourth to the
different agents from time to time employed,
charging the Treasury with the whole expense of
advertising, and all the other incidental expenses
connected with the transaction.. It has been stated
that that one fourth of one per cent, retained by
the contractors .here—Jay Cooke & Co.—was
received by them without their taking any act-
ive part at all in the negotiation; they remained
in their banking-house, and the whole risk was
at the expense of their agents, not theiis, except
contingently by the. failure of their agents, while
the whole cost of carrying on the negotiation
through the whole country was paid by the Gov-
ernment. It now turns out, by authority which
I suppose everybody will admit to be unques-
tionable—the honorable member got his from the
Secretary of the Treasury himself, or from hav-
ing seen the manner in which the negotiation has
been conducted—that the whole amount of the
percentage allowed was three eighths of one per
cent., and out of that three eighths they gave to
those agents two eighths, and out of the remain-
ing eighth paid, themselves, all the expenses.
The rumor therefore set on foot, if not for the
purpose of injuring the reputation of the Secre-
tary, proves to be entirely baseless; and it is but
another instance in which, from some love of slan-
der, some sCtspicions of the integrity of every
public man, which seems peculiar to the timesin
which we live, (if they are not to be found in other
times,) the integrity of public men has been as-
sailed without the slightest foundation.
One thing we now know—indeed, we knew *
it before the honorable member from Ohio made
his statement—that whatever may have been the
result to Jay Cooke & Co. and the other agents
employed by them, the result to the Treasury was
exceedingly beneficial. No loan in any country
in the world of this amount was ever realized as
