3002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of Thomas J, Galbraith, asking certain relief,
have instructed me to report a joint resolution,
and I ask for its present consideration. I pre-
sume there will be no objection to it.
The joint resolution (S. No. 67) for the relief
of Thomas J. Galbraith was read twice by its
title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to the present consideration of the joint
resolution?
Mr. POWELL and others. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the resolution. It proposes
to direct the proper accounting officers of the In-
terior and Treasury Departments to settle and ad-
just the money and property accounts and claims
of Thomas J. Galbraith, as agent of the United
States for the Sioux Indians of Minnesota, upon
principles of equity and justice; and to allow him
credit for all moneys and property actually ex-
pended by him, in good faith, in and about the
affairs of his agency, and for the use of the In-
dians, tfpon his affidavit or affidavits, duly sworn
to,of such expenditure; and he is to bedischarged
from all liability for or on account of Indian trust
property, which, by his affidavit or affidavits,
shail clearly appear to have been destroyed or
taken and carried away by hostile Indians, or by
the troops or citizens of the United States, or of
the State of Minnesota, against his will, and with-
out his fault or connivance. In addition to these
affidavits, the officers may, in their discretion,
require corroborative, countervailing, or explan-
atory evidence of the matters and statements in
the affidavits set forth and sworn to.
Mr. POWELL, It strikes me that that is a
very loose mode of legislation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does theSen-
ator object to the present consideration of the
resolution?
Mr. POWELL. I have no objection to its be-
ing considered now.
ThePRESlDENTp'o tempore. No objection
to its present consideration being made, the joint
resolution is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. POWELL. It strikes me that to allow
the accounting officers of the Treasury to settle
those accounts upon the mere affidavit of the
party as to the property that was in his hands
is not proper. There ought to be some further
evidence about it. I do not object to the present
consideration of the resolution, but I merely state
this as a reason why I cannot vote forit. If the
Senator will amend it so as to provide for proof
outside of the affidavit of the party, it would per-
haps be proper to pass it.
Mr. WILKINSON. I think I can explain the
case to the satisfaction of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky. There is at the end of tins res-
olution a proviso that the accounting officers may
require such further proof to sustain the affida-
vits of Mr. Galbraith, the petitioner, as in their
discretion they shall deem necessary and proper.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Allow me to make a
suggestion to the Senator from Minnesota. The
provision of the resolution, as I understand the
reading of it from the Secretary's table, is that
as to property which was taken by hostile Indians
his affidavit shall be sufficient, and he shall not be
accountable for it. I have no objection to that.
The resolution also provides that he shall not be
accountable for property taken by our own citi-
zens. There is no reason in the world why his
affidavit should be taken for that. He can obtain
the testimony of the people of Minnesota who
took the property, and account for it, and ho ought
to be responsible for it if they have taken it. To
that portion of the resolution I object.
Mr. HARLAN. I suggest to my friend from
Minnesota that perhaps the resolution had better
go over and be printed, and each Senator can have
it on his desk in the morning.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will consent to let it go
over, and I ask that the resolution and the peti-
tion be printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest also that the
letters fiom the Department on the subject be
printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will be printed, as a matter of course; but
the motion to print the petition must go to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The papers are short,
and 1 ask by unanimous consent that an order
be made to print them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
may be made by unanimous consent. The Chai?
hears no objection.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 309) for the relief of Clara Moore, execu-
trix of the late Eli Moore; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 311) for
the leliefof W. H. and C. S. Duncan; which was
read twice by its title, and, with papers presented
by iiim, referred to the Committee on Claims.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 390) for the relief
of Rhoda Wolcott, widow of Henry Wolcott,
and to the report of the committee of conference
on the bill (H. R. No. 40) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for theyearending the 30th of June,
1865.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 291) to amend an act
entitled "An act to enable the people of Colorado
to form a constitution and State government, and
for the admission of such State into the Union on
an equal footing with the original States;" and
the joint resolution (S. No. G4) explanatory of an
act entitled "An act extending the time for the
completion of the Marquette and Ontonagon rail-
road of the State of Michigan."
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker of
the House of Representatives had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 106) to prohibit certain sales of
gold and foreign exchange;
A bill (S. No. 282) to amend anactcntitled "An
act to extend the time for the withdrawal of goods
from public stores and bonded warehouses, and
for other purposes," approved February 29,1864;
A bill (H. R. No. 513) to detach the counties
ofCalhoun and Branch from the western judicial
distiict and annex the same to the eastern district
of the State of Michigan;
A bill (S. No. 291) to amend an act entitled
."An act to enable the people of Colorado to form
a constitution and State government, and for the
admission of such State into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States;"
A bill (H. R. No. 40) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending 30th June, 1865,
and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 64) explanatory of
an act entitled "An act extending the time for the
completion of the Marquette and Ontonagon rail-
road of the State of Michigan."
DUTIES ON SALT.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to suspend all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up House
bill No. 356, requiring proof of payment of duties
on foreign salt before payment of the allowances
provided for by the acts of July 29, 1813, and
March 3, 1819.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that the allowance of bounty to vessels em-
ployed in the Bank and other cod fisheries, as
provided for in the act of July 29, 1813, laying a
duty on imported salt, granting a bounty on
pickled fish exported, and allowances to certain
vessels employed in the fisheries, and the act of
March 3, 1819, amendatory thereof, shall not
hereafter be paid to any such vessel until satis-
factory proof shall have been furnished to the
collector of customs, charged with the payment
of the bounty, that the import duty imposed by
law on foreign salt imported into the United States
has been duly paid on all foreign salt used in cur-
ing the fish on which the claim to the allowance
of bounty is based.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I wish to say simply
that in the remarks I made the other day on the
question of the fishing bounties I stated that this
bill had become alaw. In thatsupposition I was
mistaken, and therefore I make this explanation
to the Senate, now.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time,and passed.
CONVENTION WITH PERU.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the bill (H. R.
No. 521) to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the payment of the claims of Peruvian
citizens under the convention between the Uni-
ted Statesand Peru of the 12th of January, 1863,"
approved June 1, 1864, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to amend the
act approved June 1, 1864, by striking out, after
the word "January," the word " last," and in-
serting in lieu thereof the words " eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three;" and also so as to author-
ize the Secretary of State to pay to each of the
persons mentioned in the act the interestthatmay
be found due in accordance with the terms of the
settlement of the claims.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
EXEMPLIFICATION OF LAND RECORDS.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to take up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. 278.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to know what
it is,
Mr. HARLAN. It is a bill reported from the
Committee on PublicLands prescribing the terms
on which exemplifications shall be furnished by
the General Land Office.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
278) prescribing the terms on which exemplifica-
tions shall be furnished by the General Land Office
was read the second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It provides that from and after the 1st day of
July next, all exemplifications of patents, or pa-
pers on file or of record in the General Land
Office, which may be required by parties inter-
ested, shall be furnished by the Commissioner
upon the payment by such parties at the rate of
fifteen cents per hundred words, and two dollars
for copies of township plates or diagrams, with
an additional sum of one dollar for the Commis-
sioner's certificate of verification with the General
Land Office seal. One of the employes of the
office is to be designated by the said Commissioner
as the receiving clerk, and the amounts so received
are, under the direction of the Commissioner, to
be paid into the Treasury of the United States.
The fees stipulated are not to apply to authen-
ticated copies which may be required by the
officers of any branch of the Government, nor to
such unverified copies as the Commissioner in his
discretion may deem proper to furnish.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
PUNISHMENT .OF GUERRILLAS.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the House
bill to provide for the more speedy punishment
of guerrillas and for other purposes, which was
up the other morning.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 511) to provide
for the more speedy punishment of guerrillas, and
for other purposes, the question being on the
amendment reported from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON. On further consultation with
the committee I am authorized to propose amodi-
fication of the amendment, so as to retain all the
words which the committee proposed to strike
out except the word " and," in the eleventh line
of the first section, the result of which will be to
make the bill read, " shall have power to cairy
into execution all sentences against guerrillas for
robbery, arson, burglary, rape, assault with- in-
tent to commitrape, and for violation of the laws
and customs of war."
The result of this amendment is to confine the
bill entirely to the punishment of that class of
men for these offenses. 1 am told by Colonel
Holt that in the trials of guerrillas the specifica-
tions are always for some act embraced in these
words. If the word " and" in the eleventh line
