2028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
such invasion, and to issue his orders for that purpose to
such officer or officers of the miJitiaaslie shall think pioper."
That)«, without consulting the States or the
authority of the States; and the next clause covers
the case of an insurrection, and is in these words:
" And Sn effte of an Insurrection in any State, against the
government thereof, it shall be lawful for the President of
the United States, on application of the Legislature of such
State, or of the Executive, (when the Legislature cannot
he convened.) to call forth such number of the militia of
any other State or States as may be applied for, as he may
judije sufficient to suppress such insurrection."
In relation to the last, therefore, domestic in-
surrection, he is onLy authorized to call the mi-
ntiafrom a State in which the insurrection does
not take place, as he may be requested by the
Legislature of the State if it is in session, or, if it
is not in session, as he may be requested by the
Executive. Then the second section of the act
provides—
" That whenever the laws of the United States shall ho
opposed, or the execution thereof obstructed, in any State,
by combinations too powerful to be suppressed by the or-
diuuty course of judicial proceedings, or by the powers
vested in the marshals hy this act. it shall be lawful for the
President of the United States to call forth the militia of
such State, or of any other State or States, as may he ne-
cessary to suppress such combinations, and to cau- e the
laws to he duly executed; and the umj of the militia so to
be called foith may he continued, if necessary, until the
expiration of thittyduys after the commencement of the
then next session of Congress."
It is obvious that under that act the President
would have no right to do what is done in this
instance.
Mr. C0LLA.MER. That does not confine him
to calling them out only when Congress is not in
Fcssion.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then what is the meaning
of spying that they shall be continued only until
thirty days after the commencement of the then
next session of Congress* "Then next session
of Congress" to what? To the call.
Mr. C0LLAME11. But if lie calls them.dur-
in^the session they would remain in service until
thirty days after the beginning of the next ses-
sion.
Mr, JOHNSON. I may be wrong, but as I
understand it the law goes on the assumption that
Congress, when in session, will take care of the
matter itself. it is a pwtfsi-mnrtpr of war, and the
whole war power bring in Congress, the object
of the act was to put it in the power of the Pres-
ident to provide for a contingency which could
not be provided for by Congress because Con-
gress was not in session, and it therefore stated
that if lie made, the call the militin culled out
should be continued until the expitnuon of thirty
days after the commenct ment of the then next
session of'Congress. "Then next session of
Congress" to what? The next session of Con-
gress convening after the call.
Mr, COLLAMER, That does not deny him
the authority to call them out during the session.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rather think it does. He
is only authorized to call them out by the law,
and the men he is to call out are to go out of ser-
vice within thirty days succeeding the next ses-
sion of Congress; and it seems to me Justus plain
as words could make it that he cannot call them
out when Congress is in session; Confess must
do that. Then comes this act of 18G2,and it pro-
\ nh'N—
"That wben< \ er llie Piet>uinnt of the United Stairs hliali
foith tin1 militia of the State*, to !>■• employed in the
t>erv«ee ot the United State*, he may ^pecity in his rail the
period lor which such hct vice will be required, not exceed-
ing nine mouths."
It is not necessary to read fuither, except the
next sentence:
"And the militia s>o called shall he mustered in and con-
tinue to serve for and dming the term >-o i-penfied, tinier
 ooner discharged by command of the Pre^5^dent.',
The whole difference between the powers given
by the supplement and the powers given in the
ouginal act, if I am right about the meaning of
the second section of that act, m regard to which
I differ from the honorable member from Ver-
mont, is, that in his call the President is to specify
ihe period for which service shall be xequire'd, but
not to make it more than nine months, and the
•nilitia so called and so mustered shall continue
in service for and during that specific period un-
less sooner discharged'by command of the Pres-
ident. It repeals that part of the piovision which
says they are to go out of service at the expira-
tion of thirty days after the meeting of Congress
by providing that they are to remain for the whole
number of days that the President by his call spe-
cifies; that they shall be in the service that num-
ber of days, but not more than nine months from
the period they are mustered in.
It seems to me, therefore, that under neither of
these acts could the President do what has been
done in this case, and, in my judgment, it was
unwise as a mere matter of expediency. We
are all anxious to put an end to the trouble in
which we are; all equally anxious, I am satisfied.
So far as any Senator has spoken on thesubject,
there is a concurrence of opinion that if he had
been asked to decide upon the propriety of such
a call as this he would have decided against it.
I assume, therefore, that every member of the
Senate thinks that this measure is a very impru-
dent one, a very impolitic one, certainly a very
costly one. Theonly question is, if we shall be
of that opinion, whether we are to sanction it by
an appropriation of $25,000,000, which in all
probability will not be more than one half the
expenditure that will be actually required, or stop
it here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to the Sena-
tor that this is an estimate of what will be required
for the pay, equipments, &c.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand. There are
always estimates, and yet at every session we
have to make provision for very large deficits.
That, I think, judging from the past, is likely to
be the case in the present instance; but that of
course is mere matter of speculation.
Two things to me seem rather singular, if not
unaccountable. How did it happen that the Gov-
ernors of only three States of the United States
thought proper to make this suggestion?
Mr. HENDERSON. Five.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
Wisconsin, and Iowa.
Mr. JOHNSON. Have they consulted the
'Governors of the other States? I suppose not.
Has the same thing suggested itself to the Gov-
ernor of any other State? I suppose not. IIow
happened it that neither the President of the
United States, nor any member of the Admin-
istration, nor the commanding general m the
field, nor any man in the military service of the
United States, as far as we have any knowledge,
ever had the thought in his own mind of calling
out these troops for this period of time? The
Governors come here and they make the propo-
sition to the President, and the President after
a while agrees to accept it. If he has accepted it
so as to bind us under a law which we have passed
giving him the authority to accept itso as to bind
us, there is an end of it; good faith requires that
we should make it good; but taking the view I
do, that we are under no such obligation, I feel
constrained to vote against this appropriation.
Mr. WILSON. There is one law to which
the Senator from Maryland has not referred that
I think makes this subject very clear—the act of
July 2.9, 1861, which provides—
"That whenever, by reason ofuttlawful obstructions com-
binations, or assemblages ot persons or rebellion against the
authority of the Government of the United States, it shall
become impracticable, m the judgment of the President ot
the United States, to enforce, by the ordinary course of ju-
dicial proceedings the laws of the United States within
any State or Territoty of the United States, itshall be law-
ful for the President ot the United States to call forth the
militia of any or all the States of the Union, and to employ
Mich parts of the land and naval t'oices of the United States
as lie may deem necessary to enforce the faithful execution
of the laws of the United States, or to suppress such re-
bellion in whatever State or Teiritory thereof the l<nv> of
the United States may be forcibly opposed, or the execu-
tion thereof forcibly obstructed."
Then the next section provides—
" That whenever, in the judgment of the President, it may
be necessary to use the military fotce herebydireeted to he
employed and called forth by htm, the President shall forth-
with, by proclamation, command such insurgents to dis-
perse and retiio peaceably to their respective abodes within
a limited time."
The third section provides—
" That the militia so called into the service of the United
States shall be subject to the same rules and articles of war
as the troops of the United States, and be continued in the
service of the United State?, until discharged by proclama-
tion of the President: Provided, That &uch continuance in
service shall not extend beyond sixty days after the com-
mencement of the next regular session of Con^rets, uul3@s
Congreo* *«ha!l eipreas-ly provide by law tberetor."
Mr. JOHNSON. That law has expired.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir. It was passed dur-
ing the extra session of Congress in 1861, and
the President has availed himself of the right to
call out the militia under it; and the militia were
called out, it will be remembered, in 1862, to the
extent of about seventy thousand men; and we
passed a law subsequently, allowing them to be
calledoutfora period not exceeding nine months,
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, as I shall
cast a vote, I desire to say whyit shall be cast in
the way it will be upon this measure. Ordinaiily
I sit here from day to day and vote affirmatively
upon all measures that are deemed necessary by
the administrative power for carrying on this war,
I frequently give those votes when I have consid-
erable doubts as to the propriety and wisdom of
the measures; but 1 feel it my duty in these times
to give by my vote such support as it can give to
those who are engaged in administering the Gov-
ernment. Wheneverthosemeasurescoincide with
my judgment it affords me a peculiar pleasure to
give those votes. I regret to say that the measure
now before this body does not secure the concur-
rence of my judgment.
When the enrollment bill was before the Sen-
ate the Senator from Massachusetts, the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, pro-
posed to limit the services of the troops to be
called out under that act to two years rather than
three. It will be remembered that I made some
opposition to that suggestion of the honorable
Senator. I did it because I believed that no half-
way dealings would ever result in the suppression
of the rebellion. I did it because I believed that
such a proposition as he made would dampen the
spirit of the countiy and would affect the confi-
dence of the country in the administrative and
legislative branches of the Government. But,
Mr. President, what shall I say of this measure,
which proposes that one hundred thousand men
shall be called into the field for one hundred days,
at an expense proposed now to be appropriated
of $25,000,000, perhaps to be doubled, perhaps to
be quadrupled ?
And, sir, what account do we get of this meas-
ure? The fitst knowledge that I had of it came
to me from the public press. It was stated that
certain gentlemen, Governors of the States, were
coming to Washington to propose a measure of
this kind, and next it was stated that they had
arrived in Washington and were engaged in
making the proposition. I have great respect for
those gentlemen; I believe each one of them to
be a patriot and a valuable adjunct of the coun-
try at this time; but I ask who appointed them
to generate and originate measures for carrying
on this war? Is the measure before us in any
respect properly one of their functions, or is it
not, if it be a measure of war at all, more prop-
erly, and indeed exclusively, the function of the
President of the United States and his Cabinet?
I would have respect for this measure,even with
its one hundred days hanging to it, if it had
originated in the mind of the President, was the
reflex of his Cabinet, or was an original demand
of the lieutenant general commanding the armies
of the United States. That, however, is not the
case. It is a proposition coming from patiiotic
Governors, and then accepted by the President,
wo are told, and then accepted by General Grant.
If that be so, this part of the war is cleaily being
conducted by the Governors of theStates, five of
them. I object to that. It can get no vote of
mine. I think that is not the way to deal with
this war. I ask the question here as a Senator,
and as one who can say without any boasting
that he^eeis as piofoundly impressed with the
exigencies of these times as a human being can;
I ask in God's name why the President of the
United States, if he wanted additional men now,
did not call forone hundred thousand three years'
men, two hundred thousand three years' men, or
five hundred thousand three years' men, and in-
spire the nation, ratherthan trifle with its temper,
engage in modifying its courage and abating it,
and in proposing, for that goes with it, an ex-
penditure of money that we know we do not pos-
sess, though we may vote it here to-day.
Mr. President, it must be known and under-
stood that I make these remaiks as a fiiend of
the Administration, for it has no better friend
within the confines of this nation, though 1 say
it; but it belongs to the people, it is their due—it
belongs to us—to Beize this rebellion and grapple
it by its throat, not with hundred day men, but
with the strong arms of the nation, as many of
them as are needed; and we all say here from day
