1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
weii as this one. Every dollar of the loan was
taken at par. It can hardly be accounted for.
The London press—and I speak from haying read
the articles m some two or three of those papers
that I am in the habit of reading constantly—has
been astounded at the result of the negotiations.
They speak of it, and speak of it truly, as unex-
ampled in the history of nations at anytime, and
particularly in reference to a nation situated as
ours is, if any other nation on the habitable globe
ever was in the condition in which we are, carry-
ing on a war the dimensions of which are also
unexampled, and attended by an expenditure un-
exampled, that a loan of that amount should be
taken at par, and taken at par by our own peo-
ple; for, with the exception of some one, two, or
three hundred thousand dollars,as I understand,
invested by foreigners, and particularly Germans,
in this loan—and a very good investment it is for
them—nearly the entire amount of the loan has
been taken by our own people, in sums varying
from fifty and one hundred dollars to thousands
and thousands.
Now, sir, if it were true that these agents em-
ployed by the Treasury have made a very large
amount, and it was equally true that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury had attempted to negotiate
the loan without the instrumentality of these or
any other agents and had failed, when the result
of the agency was such as I have stated, that of
itself should be, and I have no doubt will be, in
the estimation of the community, a full vindica-
tion not only of the honor, but of the intelligence
and ability of the Secretary.
In saying this, Mr. President, I am not to be
considered as a political partisan of the Secretary
of the Treasury, or to have been at any time.
There are few of the political questions of my day
on which it has either not been my good fortune
or bad fortune to differ from that functionary in
times past as well as now; but I see by the papers
of to-day that he is to be considered hereafter
only in the light of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, laboring m his vocation to do all he can to
carry the country through the tremendous conflict,
which now shakes it from circumference to cen-
ter.
The proposition nowbefore us, with the amend-
ment suggested *by the honorable rnembei from
Ohio on behalf of the Committee on Finance, is
not obnoxious to all the objections taken by the
honorable members from Indiana and Kentucky.
It does not authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to go into the market and purchase gold alone;
it does not interfere with any existing power that
he has now to increase his sinking fund; nor does
it at ail interfere with the power which he will
have if you adopt the bill as it came from the
House of Representatives with this amendment.
He is authorized by the bill as it came fiom the
House to anticipate the payment of the mteiest
on the public debt. This amendment does not
take from him that authority. It only gives him
the additional authority, if ho thinks proper to
exert it, to dispose of the surplus gold which he
may have in the Tieasury from time to time, the
object being—that is his object, and that is the ob-
ject of the Committee on Finance—to keep down
the appreciation of gold and to keep less the de-
preciation upon our own currency. lie is not
obliged to exert that power at all. I doubt very
much whether he will have occasion to exert it to
any extent, if gold runs up to 169, as it did a
day or two since, and he throws into the market
one or two million dollars in gold, it will go down
at once, and it will remain down under the appre-
hension, on the part of the speculators who have
been running it up, that after they buy at the en-
hanced price they will be made the losers by the
Go vernmentgoing again upon 'Change and selling
one or two million dollars worth. I am willing to
trust this power to the Secretary, although ^re-
peat in conclusion that I do not have the confi-
dence which I should desire to have that this
measure will effectually accomplish the good
which the Committee on Finance suppose may be
accomplished by its passage. I
Mr. WILSON". Mr. President, I shall vote
for this report of the Committee on Finance, but
I shall do so with a great deal of reluctance. 1
think if we clothe the Secretary of the Treasury
with this power it will have the effect to check to
some extent the speculation in gold, but I do not
apprehend that it will have thcgreateffcctattiib-
uted to it. I shall vote for it in the hope that we
shall pass it, and that in the hands of the Secretary
of the Treasury it will be properly executed, and
will have a salutary effect.
But, sir, in my opinion there is one way, and
only one, to reduce the price of gold, and that is
for the Congress of the United States to address
itself to the question of increasing the revenues of
the Government. We have been hereabout one
hundred days 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator to
allow me to make a statement right here, which
perhaps I ought to have made in reply to the
Senator from Maryland.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. By the Constitution of the
United States no revenue bill can originate in this
body. That, although known to us very well,
is not always remembered by the country. All
bills raising revenue must originate in the House
of Representatives. The Senate and the Senate
Committee onFinance have never refused any tax
proposed by the House of Representatives, with
the single exception of the tax on spirits on hand,
and that was by a divided Senate, and a divided
committee; but in every case, on every proposi-
tion for a tax, the Senate have always been ready
to impose the tax. And I will now say, without
having any authority whatever to say it, I have
no doubt the Senate committee will be entirely
prepared to vote for a tax that will yield from two
to three hundred million dollars from internal rev-
enue; but we cannot take up the subject until the
House of Representatives send it 'to us. The
people of the country might as well understand
that. The Senator from Maryland seemed to com-
plain that we had not introduced revenue bills.
We cannot do it. Senators must wait until the
House send us the bills. It will be time enough
then to complain about want of taxes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend from Massa-
chusetts will allow me to say that this remark
coming from him, though not intended, is really
a little unkind, and its tendency might be to mis-
lead the country, not so much in regard to the
Senate as to the House of Representatives. The
Senator is aware, or he should be, that the work
of revising the internal revenue bill and also the
tariff bill is an immense labor of itself. They
have to go over the whole ground, examine tes-
timony, and see where duties fan he laid such as
can be borne by the countiy with a good effect
upon the revenue. All that is a woik of time,
and necessarily of a great deal of time. In addi-
tion to that the Committee of Ways and Means
of the House have had to examine and prepare
all these appropriation bills and get them through
the House, and many other bills having relation
to the subject-matters befoie them while this in-
vestigation is going on. I know as a fact that a
sub-committee of the Committee of Ways and
Means have from the beginning of the session
been hard at work piepaung with all the judg-
ment they can bring upon it, and all the wisdom
they can muster, a bill or bills to accomplish the
very purpose of which the Senator has been
speaking.
When Senators get up here and say generally
it is our duty, the duty of the House and the duty
of the Senate, to increase the taxes, the country
is icady for it, it leaves the country to infer be-
cause no bill has been brought in that nothing
has been done or is doing; whereas the contrary
is the fact. It is the most anxious desire of those
who have charge of the financial measures of the
Government in the House to mature those very
bills and brine: them m here to Congress. My
friend will allow me to say they are not like his
militaiy bills, which can be prepared in five min-
utes, and passed through in five minutes more.
Mr. WILSON. I have, Mr. President, great
confidoncc in the Committee on Finance, and I as-
suie the Senator from Ohio and the Senatorlrom
Maine that it is notmy purpose to arraign orcen-
sure that committee, nor is it my purpose to ar-
raign or censure the Committee of Ways and
Means in the House or the action of the Congress
of the United States. I know that revenue bills
must originate in the House of Representatives, jj
and 1 comprehend and appreciate the gigantic task jj
imposed upon the committees who are intrusted j:
with the preparation of revenue bills, but the fact ;;
that Congress has been in session one hundred
days, and that no action has been taken byeither d
House is apparent to the whole country. The in?*
ternai revenue system has failed to meet the, ex-
pectations of Congress and of the country. Our
expenditures are and must be for sometime larger
even than the enormous estimates of the Depart-
ments. The curvencyisexpanding,and of course
the price of gold is advancing. You may tax trans--
actionsin gold if you please^you may authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury by the passage of
this bill to sell the gold not needed to pay the in-
terest on the national debt, but the price of gold
will continue to advance until we increase our rev-
enues, diminish the volume of our currency, or
reduce largely our expenditures. At the present
cost of raising men for our armies, and procuring
food and clothing and the material of war for the
support of our armies, you cannot reasonably an-
ticipate any considerable diminution of our ex-
penditures.
With these large expenditures pressing upon
us, our indebtedness must rapidly increase and
our currency expand, and the difference between
our paper currency and gold must and will con-
tinue to increase. Nothing can permanently di-
minish the price of gold but the adoption by Con-
gress, at the earliest possible day, of a system of
taxation thatshallenable the Governmentto raise
annually from three to four hundred million dol-
lars of revenue. A system of internal taxation
that should raise a revenue of two hundred and
fifty or three hundred million dollars-annually
would strengthen the credit of the Government
now strained to its utmost, check the issue of more
paper currency and speculative prices, and bring
down the price of gold. The adoption of such a
system is demanded by the highest interests of
the Government and the country, and would be
hailed and applauded by the practical business
men of thp country and by the mass&s of the
American people. The practical mind ofthe coun-
try cannot fail to see that if we could have raised
duiing the past two years by internal taxation a
revenue of $25U,000,000 annually, and thus di-
minished our debt by ^500,000,000, that the ex-
penses of the Government would have been at
least one hundred and fifty or two hundred mil-
lions less than they have been, and that the cost
of living of the people would have been hundreds
of millions less than it has been. Could we have
adopted a revenue system that would have en-
abled the Government to have paid annually from
one third to one half of our expenditures, the
credit of the Government, the soundness of the
currency, thus strengthened and preserved, would
have checked speculative prices, and enabled the
Government and the people to have saved hun-
dreds of millions of dollars in ^jheir expenditures.
The failure to impose the needed taxation has
added hundreds of millions to our debt, compelled
the Government to increase and expand our cur-
rency, advanced the price of gold, and conse-
quently advanced the prices and increased enor-
mously the expenses of living. Better, far better
for the Government and the people to pay heavy
taxes, preserve a sound currency, and keep as
small as possible the national debt, than to pay
light taxes,increase rapidly the national debt, en-
huge the volume of the currency, carry up the
price of gold, and thus add to the cost of living
hundreds of millions of dollars.
The country is better able to pay heavy taxes
now than it will be when the contest is over. The
country is fuil of money, nearly all business inter-
ests are prosperous, labor is in great demand, and
commands high prices. Now is the time for the
people to pay their indebtedness, and to pay, as
far as possible, the heavy expenses of the Gov-
ernment.
The other day we added a trifling tax of forty
cents per gallon on whisky, making the small
tax of only sixty cents per gallon on that great
article of use and consumption. We ought to put
a tax, to commence at the beginning of the next
fiscal year, of $1 50 per gallon upon whisky.
Such a tax would not perceptibly diminish the
consumption of that article, and if it did do so,
the country would not suffer by it. A gallon of
whisky sells at retail at from six to twelve dol-
lars pnr gallon. It is a fit subject for high taxa-
tion, arid out of it we can raise an immense rev-
enue, and the Congress of the United States, if
it does not impose a large tax upon it, to com-
mence not after the next crop of grain is used up
and di-tilled, but before that crop is used, will
