1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be stricken out, it will be confined simply to
guerrillas who commit the offenses specified. I
hope the amendment will be agreed to, and the
bill passed.
Mr. JOHNSON. When this bill was before
the Senate at a former day, I rose to support, as
well as 1 might be able to do, the amendment
proposed by the Committee on Military Affairs.
It was to strike out the words in brackets in the
eleventh and twelfth lines and a portion of the
thirteenth line, but without meaning, if those
words were stricken out, to vote for the bill un-
less it should he altered in another particular.
The doubt that I have now is whether the amend-
ment which the Senator from Massachusetts, with
the consent of the Senate, has just proposed,gets
. clear of the difficulty that I think would have ex-
isted in relation to the bill if it had been amended
as originally proposed; and that difficulty is that
there is no definition at all of who are guerrillas.
The bill will read, if amended as now contem-
plated by the chairman of the committee, so as to
confine it to guerrillas who commit robbery, ar-
son, and the other offenses here named; but who
are guerrillas? I do not know. There is no desig-
nation of the term, as far as I am advised, in the
" books of criminal law, and in the absence of any
legislative definition of the term, if you leave it
to the different courts-martial before whom the
question may be from time to time pending, there
may be as many different decisions as there are
differences of views upon the meaning of that
term by the different courts-martial or military
commissions; and I should prefer, therefore, if it
can be done, that there should be some definition
of the term itself. The honorable member seems
to suppose, if I understood him, that that defini-
tion will be found in the bill, if it passes as he
now proposes it to pass; but in that I submit he
is mistaken. There are two things to be estab-
lished before the party can be punished. The
particular offense designated, irrespective of the
party by whom it may be perpetrated, is first to
be established, was ita case of robbery, arson, j
&c. > And the second is, was the pi-rpetrator a
guerrilla? It' he was not a guerrilla,_ then he
could not be punished under this bill. The pur-
pose of the bill is to draw within the jurisdiction
of the military a certain description of our peo-
ple who are supposed to be outside of the protec-
tion to which other citizens are entitled.
Now, I do not know, Mr. President, what has
been the practice of the confederate authorities.
In one sense, in the legal sense, in the constitu-
tional sense, (and if the war was terminated the
courts would so hold,) no commission from any
branch of that alleged government would be a de-
fense as against homicide or either of the other
species of offenses stated in this bill. If the war
was to terminate to-morrow successfully for us,
and of course unsuccessfully for the other side,
and the commander-in-chief of that army should
be indicted for treason', the courts would be com-
pelled to hold that he could seek no defense at
all behind a commission issued by a coconspira-
tor and a cotraitor. In one sense, therefore, he
would be considered a guerrilla. But as the war
is not terminated, and as the principles of hu-
manity demand that this species of warfare, if it
can be called warfare, is not to be carried on,
which will bring about retaliation from one side
or the other, we have been willing to recognize
that government as a government in pointof tact,
and to deal with it, because it is a government m
point of fact, as if it was a government legally es-
tablished, so far as to authorize us to make ex-
changes of prisoners and to recognize their offi-
cers as contiadistinguished from their privates,
and to make exchanges in the same way in which
we would make exchanges if the confederate
government had been a long-established and sep-
arate foteigu government.
Now, 1 can very well imagine that those who
are called guerrillas in the popular sense, and
who will be held to be gueinilas by these mili-
tary commissions, will be found to have been act-
ing uuder some soit of authority derived from
some branch of that confederate government. If
we should punish them as having without the
Slightest authority robbed and murdered, it might
lead to retaliation as against our own prisoners,
a condition of retaliation which, if possible I am
sure every humane man will agree with me in
saying should be avoided. The safety ot out-
troops, the honor of the nation, may demand it;
but unless that safety and that honor, or some
equally imperative reason, demand it in any par-
ticular case all the impulses of humanity would
repel it. Now, I should like to know from my
friend, the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, what he understands by the term
"guerrilla?" Who is a " guerrilla" in thesense
in which the term is used in this bill? If he is
authorized to say, and can satisfy me, that" guer-
rilla" is a well-established term in the law, and
so established that to inflict punishmentupon the
party will not properly subject us to retaliation
upon our men who have committed no such of-
fense, then I will vote for this bill, provided it is
true that the same object cannot be obtained in a
different way.
This bill—I may not perhaps correctly under-
stand it—deals with the offenses mentioned where
ever they may be committed. It deals with them,
therefore, if committed in Maryland or in either
of the loyal States; and if it does, then it takes
from the civil authority of those States the right
which the constitution and laws of those States
give to them and to nobody else—'the right to try
them. That, I suppose, the committee do not
contemplate, and if they did, according to my
view, it would be a clear violation of the Consti-
tution. It would be substituting in Maryland
military authority for the civil authority. Any
of my fellow-citizens may betaken upandcharged
with these offenses, and called a guerrilla; he may
not have committed an offense; he may not, in the
judgmentof ourcourts, be'a guerrilla atall, in any
sense in which that term can be used; but yet he
may be convicted,sentenced, and executed by this
military commission; and what makes it still more
obnoxious, in my view, is that a party in that sit-
uation, although within a stone's throw of the
President of the United States, and within a nearer
distance from the Executive of Maryland, cannot
appeal to the executive power of either the State
or the United States to save him fiom the punish-
ment. |
There may be,I know,in a timeof war, where
the Army is a necessity for trying by a drum-head
court-martial an offense committed on the spot
which is calculated to affect the efficiency of the
Army. Nobody, 1 suppose, ever contemplated
thatunless, upon the grouud of military necessity,
unless, upon the foundation of the war power ex-
ercised because of the necessityof each case. Con-
gress had a right to interfere with the laws and
constitutions of the States, and give the decision
of all such questions as the violation ofour laws to
the judgment of a court-martial. But now what
laws are violated upon which this commission is
to sit in judgment ? Congress has passed no law,
has not the authority to uo it, for the punishment
of murder committed within the limits of the
States. The whole jurisdiction in reference to
offenses within the limits of the States is with
the States; and this military commission, there-
fore, who are to sit in judgment for the purpose
of trying whether a citizen of Maryland has com-
mitted robbery, or arson, or burglary, or either
of the other offenses named, must look to the
laws of Maryland for the purpose of ascertaining
what by those laws is murder, arson, burglary,
&c.; so that you are giving to this military com-
mission the authority to consider and execute
Maryland law. I only mention Maryland by
way of illustration. You may be giving them,
if there are any military from whom a military
commission may be constituted in the State of
Massachusetts, the right to decide as against a
citizen of Massachusetts whether he has com-
mitted murder, arson, burglary, or the other of-
fenses contrary to the definition of those otfenses
as prescribed by Massachusetts law. I do not
believe, with the well-known devotion to lib-
erty which belongs to the sons of Massachusetts,
that they ever would consent to be subjected to
any other jurisdiction in relation to such platters
exceptthei'rown State jurisdiction, and especial y
would they not consent to be subjected to a mill-
tarv jurisdiction. , . . ,
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, this is another
of the series of strange and absurd bills that these
extraordinary times have originated. 1 hat the
criminals who are designated in this bill ought to
be mtnished, I suppose, nobody wiU controvert;
but all men ought to be punished according to
law and not in conflict with law, and especially
with constitution. I should like to have the ut-
ter! lion of the honorable Senator from Maryland
while I propound a question or two to him., I
ask the honorable Senator, who certainly is one
of the ablest lawyers not only of the Senate but of
the nation, if a military court can take cognizance
of and punish for any offenses not arising in the
military or naval service of the United States, or
in the militia of the States wlien in the actual ser-
vice of the United States 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr, Anthony
in the chair.) The hour of one .o'clock having
arrived, it becomes the duty of the Chair to call
up the special order, which is the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, being House bill No. 51> to
establish a Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs.
OltDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. l'move to postpone that
and all prior orders and take up the tariff bill.
Mr. BUCICALEW. 1 hope the Senator will
permit me to offer an amendment to this bill be-
fore it passes from the consideration of the Sen-
ate, that it may lie over with the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment can be received by unanimous consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It can be offered after-
wards. I do not want my motion displaced.
Mr. BUCKALEW, Very well; 1 can wait.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will pro-
ceed with the consideration of the bill which is
now regularly before it. We have been engaged
upon it two days; why not finish it? It is a
measure of great importance. The public ex-
pectation is following it, and large numbers of
people are depending upon its passage, numbers
counted by the hundred thousand—we hope
soon, in the progress of victory, to be counted by
the million—being the freedmen of the country.
' I say, sir, they have a right to look to our care
and protection; and this bill seeks to secure it.
I hope, therefore—if I may appeal to the Sena-
tor from Maine—that he will not interpose his
measure to arrest the final decision of the Senate
on a bill which is so humane in its object, in
which so many people take an interest,and which
is so well calculated to serve the public good.
The tariff bill is sure to pass; it can be taken up
any day when no other measure is before the
Senate; it need not put aside an important meas-
ure. 1 hope, therefore, that the Senate will pro-
ceed with the consideration of the bill before it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All I can say is that the
tariff bill and the internal revenue bill are the
two essential measures which we must pass before
the Senate adjourns. It so happens that my per-
sonal attention is necessary to both of them. I
am verysonythatitisso. 1 should be very glad
to be rid of both of them, if I could avoid the labor
which I must necessarily go through. The in-
ternal revenue bill is before the House of Repie-
sentatives to-day. It will be probably finished
there to-day or to-morrow, and then come to us
undoubtedly for a committee of conference; and
it is important that when that is done the tariff
bill should be in a condition to go to the House of
Representatives with the amendments that may
be made by the Senate. I expect that after that
bill is placed in that position, according to the or-
dinary course of business my personal attention
will be necessary to the internal revenue bill, (if
I should with the approbation of the Senate hap-
pen to be upon the committee of conference,
which perhaps is not unlikely under the circum-
stances,) not only in the ordinary time devoted to
such matters, butduring the sessions of the Senate
in order to get the business through. That was
my motive for moving to take up the tariff bill
now. I did not see ahead of me any particular
time when I could give it that personal attention
which it is necessary that I should give to it in the
Senate, for somedays, or so as to get the bill back
to the House of Representatives in time to have
the amendments of the Senate to it there consid-
ered in connection with the internal revenue bill.
I think that is important. In addition, I will say
that I have been applied to by many members of
the Senate on both sides ofthe Chamber'who have
requested that I should bring up this Mil and have
it disposed of as soon as possible. _ Having said
thin, i will only add that the matter is in the hands
of the Senate, and I have no wish about it one way
