THE
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
May
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion here. There are thirty regiments ordered
fi-om Ohio, I think, almost two from every con-
gressional distiict. Now, there are no mustering
efficers at their pUces of rendezvous. They are
sailed upon.to rendezvous at the centers of their
regiments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me set my friend
right. He is goingon a supposition. If Senators
think it necessary to provide for this by law, it
can be done; but the Secretary of War expressly
stated to me that the offer of the Governors and
the President's acceptance was specific; that the
men are to serve one hundred days from the time
they are mustered into the service of the IJnited
Stales.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is any stipulation
of that kind 1 have no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then they will not be paid.
M1'. SHERMAN. And there is no use in the
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the statement
made to me; and 1 think there is something said
about their being mustered in in the resolution
itself. Let it be read.
The joint resolutktn was again read.
Mr. 'FESSENDEN. -Nothing is said there ex-
cept that they are for a period of not less than one
hundred days; and the Secretary stated to me ex-
pressly, for 1 inquired about it, that the term of
service was to be one hundred days from the time
they sue musteied into the service of the United
States. Of course they cannot be paid for more.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then the mischief of which
the Senatm iVnni 0.hio speaks will occur.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no mustering of-
ficer at the place of rendezvous, and they will
march, to Cincinnati before being mustered m; but
I umpeifectly willing1 to leave that without any
provision of low, for I think the ju.stice of the
Government will pay thorn, but I do not wish
them to be excluded by an amendment like that
of the Senator from Massachusetts,
Mr. FESSENDEN. The oiler was as I inye
fcittu d, and that wax the acceptance, and of course
they will not be paid for anything uxcepube soi-
vioe ihry i«-nder according to the tender and the
U' ecpluijee.
Air. HO Wit! I would not h.ivejsatdn woid in
thus debate but for one feature that has developed
itself in it. .Several Senators have spoken upon
this proportion us if it wns u boon they were
about t'> grant to these States to be allowed to
r:uM  eighty shouxund ipen to serve for one bun-
dled days. So Jar as the Suite of Wisconsin is
jo p.aUupati, in this bounty, I fuel tiuthoiused to
t'.ty 'hi11 sh«> would be entirely willing to relin-
quish a, The JHtnir of Wi^coiiHin has furnished
M'i quota under all your calls for all your periods
that you luue assigned to the service of the dif-
f rent detachnu.nts of your Army, and now she
©lands leady, I understand, to furnish her quota
of thetiu eighty thousand men to serve for one hun-
dred days, ff the Government wants these men
fciie is willing to supply tln-m in addition to all
ahe has done heiriuloi t*; and labor is as much
to her tus it i,i to tmy {State in New England or
any State in th<- Union. She is willing to make
tins sacrifice, but it is not a ptiviiege for her cit-
izens to enter upon your service ami serve one
bundled days, or ten days, or one day, for tlur- ,
teen dollars a month. It us net a favor that she |
asks,it !>j not a privilege that she craves. If you !
want these services .she will contribute them; and :
if she contributes tln-m J u>k you in common pis- !
tice to give to her citizens (In* puy of soldiers— j
^hat is small eno«.i h, everybody knows—,md give
them that pay fiom the time they enter into vour '
serviee, and do not treat this oiler as if Wisconsin |
came here o mendicant asking to fight yum hit- ,
ties for you. The Senator from Indiana has told
you w^htly that tins pi imposition puts not merely ,
rjghty thousand iaw troops into the service, but 1
it makes fighty thousand veteran soldiers avail- '
euic in ii'j,iiun<>■ the battier of this coming cam-
poign. i do not undertake to say for that reason ■
that it u u wise mca&tue. i believe it is a wise '■
ni"asure. I h« In.' vc tiie Gen*;ral-in-Chief who now '
leads your armies knows how to dispose of eighty
thousand raw troops so as to add to your secuu- ;j
lies for .--uceesK. I think so; and therefore I do |i
not unite with those who pronounce this a silly, ij
and absuid ino.isute; but if you think Uanabsurd ji
measure r^c* it akogetlK r, and do not draw our
men from home; but if you draw them from home
pay them honestly and squarely.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 undeistand there is no
amendment pending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is none
pending.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That it shall be conditioned by the War De-
partment that the troops to be organized under the call re-
fened to herein shall, if the public exigencies, require it,
be required to serve tortile period of six months from the
urne of muster.
I fear that if this measure shall pass these troops
will be mustered out of the service or will be
entitled to be mustered out just when we want
them most. On the Istof Augustor thereabouts
these troops will be entitled to their discharge.
It appears to me that this war is going to last be-
yond that, and that if the campaign of this year
amount to anything, we must make calculations
beyond that time.
halso occurs to me that if the soldiersare will-
ing; to serve for three months, so far as they are
concerned, they will be willing to serve in the
midst of the war, hut it is our duty to provide
that, they shall before this measute shall pass. I
hope the amendment will receive theconcurrence
of the Senate. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays w^re ordered.
!\lr LANE, of Indiana. These troops were
offered by the several Governors for one hundred
days. That offer wns accepted. A great many
of them have already volunteered under that call.
Now, can we extend the time to six months with-
out releasing all who have volunteeied ? It strikes
me as utterly absuul.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 25; as follows:
YRAS—Messu*. Chandler, Conner. Davis, Hard nig. Iiar-
hm, Henderson, How aid, Xe-nutli, Ponicioy, llaini-rv, and
Sprasue—1 i.
N AYr?—:Me-*-r-: An then \\ Hnckalow, Catlil", Ohuk,Col-
laniei, Cowan, Don! title, 1\ ^I'lidrn, Foot, Foster, Gi
Hale, Howe, lohiHon, Lane of indt.um, Lane ot' Kansas,
Morean, Morrill, Powell, Kiddie, Sherman, Sumner, Va i
Winkle, YVillov, and Wil>on—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 offer thtsamendment to
come in by way of proviso at the end oftheieso-
iution:
P)ovu!cJ, Tint no part ol iht: anptopnnuon «hnll he used
In p.i) ing, Ko1) tstnig, or transporting tro(/ps that may i c
tnu-icred into the s.<>rvtee titter the lUth (Inv of May, 1864,
unless thev r-hall hn mu<teted in tor a period ol t>ix months,
if notMiotn'i discharged i)y the Fn^ident,
I presume that the object of this measure on the
pait of its ft tends is to have a Luge force thrown
into the field to assist in the spring campaign.
There is, however, no limitation upon the reso-
lution as tt now stands, and 1 suppose these troops
can be leceived, one regiment after another, d u r-
m^ the whole summer and fall. If there is any
virtue in it, let them ail be called m at once and
immediately. I insist that some limitation of
time should be fixed by Congress beyond which
these troops shall not ho leceived unless they en-
list for a longer term. If we ate bound to adopt
this pio^osition because, the President has ac-
cepted the oiler made to him, though we were in
session, I think we haw a ri^ht to put some lim-
itation upon it.
Mr. JullI\\S0-\\ Haw you not nude it too |
MMi\ jlENDI-UtoOX. I think not; but if it is, j
let itednionni lime he allowed. My impression j
is that i<" these t: Oop^ are to be of any service,
they un^iu to be at the points where the battles [
eu\. to b   tooths m the rourot: of the next two or j
thr. ( v/t^'ks. I umlei&auid fio;o Stnatora these
troops are ab'ivuly or-^ai;ized and ready tr* be !
ttiin-aei ed hi. I •Miiierstood f he Se n itor from Ohio j
t-.' -^lv' n). ;
Mi*. .SHERMAN. I th.uk ii,at is only so in '
'JilSO.
M1'. LANE, of InUiuua, A j iu auout Iudf of 1
them in our £>tau.
Mr. HENDERSON. k will not require '
tnoi e than t-i^hi d lystno.'t tne u&f. 1 am wilting, !j
however, m modify uty aoietnbiie'it by fixing the ■'
loth of M iV as the date.
Mr. LAN E, ot Inuiana. 1 iu-j)e u<> such amend-
ment vv ill hti adopted. Here wua an offer of troops
for one bundled days which has been accepted 
and the Goven.ojs have a!- is&^od their nrocla-
matioasui dec }■:. ih'~ ait< ? if you make
any amendment the resolution must go back to
the House of Representatives and be subjected to
delay there. In the second place, if you adopt
this amendment, the Governors will have to issue
new proclamations and resort to new machinery.
I hope we shall let the matter stand &s it is.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly the Senator
does not understand theamendment. ltdoesnot
affect the calling into service of those troops that
may be mustered in prior to the period limited.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the leave of the Sen-
ator from Missouri i will mention a case. Troops
will be organized all over the State of Ohio. They
cannot find a mustering officer probably for eight
or nine days; probably Cincinnati is the first point
where they will reach a mustering; officer, and it
may take some of them ten days to get there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Cannot mustering officers
be easily sent to the various points?
Mr. HENDERSON. The amount of it is that
we are called upon now to vote an appropriation
of $25,000,000, and, as has been very propetly
stated by the Senator from Maryland and other
Senators, this is only a beginning; it wilt take
twenty-five or thirty or forty or fifty millions
more in order to meet all the requirements that
will be thrown upon us by the passage of this
resolution. I am as well satisfied of it as I am
that I am standing here. The transportation
alone of one hundred thousand men to the seat
of war and back again is an immense item at the
present prices of transportation. Then they are
all to be armed, and the arms never will be re-
turned; they will be as effectually destroyed in
the hundred days as if they were in the hands of
men to serve during the war, for these troops will
not expect to need them longer than their time,
and there will be extravagance and folly among
them, as we all know exists with troops of this
character. Besides we are passing the resolution
in such a shape that during the whole summer
and fail and next winter the President may go
on receiving hundred day troops, and it will
amount to nothing. If there is any virtue in this
proposition it consists in the fact that these men
arc to be thrown m a vast body into the field in
the course of ten, fifteen, or twenty days from the
present time to enable veteran troops to go to
the seat of war in order that the rebels may be
crushed. For that reason I desire to have some
limitation placed upon the tune when these men
shall be received for this purpose; and 1 modify
my amendment by inserting the " 15th" of May,
instead of the " 10th."
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. DUCKALEW. I wiah to suggest to the
Senator from Missouri that the language of his
amendment should be, "ot least six months,"
leaving a discretion for a longer time.
Mr.HENDERSON. I have no objection to
that; and i will so modify my amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The modifi-
cation requires unanimous consent. The Chair
hears no objection, and the amendment will be so
modified.
The qnewiion being token by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Mos*-rfc. Burkalow, Caililt-, Chandler, Conner,
PavH, Hale, Finikin, flendewm. Howe, Johnson. Ponm-
roy, Riwihey, Kiddle, Spuiirue,funnier, Willev, and Wil-
son—17.
NAYS — Anthonv, Oi.trk, Coliamor, Cowan,
Dooiittie, Fe^cndciuFoot, I'V-ier.Gimjei-, Hsirdms.IJow-
ard, Lane of Indiana, Lane or Kansas, Morgan, Muui'l,
iVesimth, Powell. Sherman, and Van WmkU—i'J.
So the amendment was rtjected.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, and was read the thud time. On thn
question of its passage,
Mr. GRMES called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. There was an old lawyer in
Kentucky a good many years ago who estab-
lished a manufactory of young lawyers, [laugh-
ter,] and he required his apprentices to serve "for
three months, when he turned them out. He
turned them out about as good lawyers as this
term would make soldiers, and I think h s mode
of tuition was about equivalent to the system on
which it is proposed to get these volunteers. But,
sir, the ways of the X3restdent of the United States
to me are past finding out. Kentucky knocked
at the door of the Executive Mansion and of the
Senate for about eighteen monuis, for the privi-
