1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Lou?, Mnrcy. McDowell, McKinney, Middleton, James R.
Morris, Morrison, Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Peiry,
Robinson, Rogers, Ross, William G. Steele, Sweat, Voor-
heos, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, and Joseph W. White.
For Mr. Dawson—Messrs. Aneona, Baily, Coffroth, Cox,
Dennisan, Philip Johnson, Lazear, McAllister, William H.
Miller, Samuel J. Randall, Stiles, and Strouse.
For Mr. Mallory—Me&srs. Brooks, Grider, Harding. Ben-
jamin G. Harris, King, James S. Rollins, Stuart, Wads-
worth, Ward, and Yeaman.
For Mr. Stebbins—Messrs. Ganson, Griswold, Kernan,
Nelson, Odell, Pruyn, John B. Steele, and Winfield.
For Mr. King—Messrs. Chanler, Hall, Mallory, Radford,
Scott, and Feruando Wood.
For Mr. Blair, of ftfissouri—Messrs. Cottman and Field.
For Mr. Stiles—My. Benjamin Wood.
The CLERK then announced that Schuyler
Colfax, one of the Representatives from the State
of Indiana, having received a majority of all the
votes given, was duly elected Speaker of the
House of Representatives for the Thirty-Eighth
Congress. [Applause.]
Whereupon, at the suggestion of the Clerk,
Messrs. Dawson, of Pennsylvania, and Cox, of
Ohio, conducted Mr. Colfax to the chair, when
he addressed the House as follows:
Gentlemen of the House of Representatives:
To-day will be marked in American history as
the opening of a Congress destined to face and
settle the most important questions of the cen-
tury; and during whose existence the rebellion,
which has passed its culmination, will, beyond
all question, thanks to our Army and Navy and
Administration, die a deserved death. Not only
will your constituents watch with the strictest
scrutiny your deliberations here, but the friends
of liberty, to the most distant lands, will be in-
terested spectators of your acts in this greater
than Roman forum. I invoke you to approach
these grave questions with the calm thoughtful-
ness of statesmen, freeing your discussions from
that acerbity which mars instead of advancing
legislation, and with unshaken reliance on that
divine Power which gave victory to those who
formed this Union, and can give even greater vic-
tory to those who are seeking to save it from de-
struction by the hand of the parricide and traitor.
I invoke you also to remember that sacred truth,
which all history verifies, that " they who rule
not in righteousness shall perish from the earth."
Thanking you with a grateful heart for this dis-
tinguished mark of your confidence and regard,
and appealing to you all for that support and for-
bearance by the aid of which alone I can hope
to succeed, I am now ready to take the oath of
office, and enter upon the duties you have assigned
me.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, then admin-
istered to the Speakerelect the following oath:
I, Schuyler Colfax, do solemnly swear that 1 have never
voluntarily borne arms against the United States since I
have been a citizen thereof; that E have voluntaiily given
no aid, countenance, counsel, 01 encouragement to persons
engaged in armed hostility thereto; that I have neither
sought nor accepted nor ai tempted to exercise the functions
of any office whatevei, under any authority or pretended
authouty in hostility to the United States; "that 1 have not
yielded a voluntary support to any protended government,
authority, power, or constitution within the United States,
hostile or inimical thereto. And I do further swear that, to
the best of my knowledge and ability, I will support and
defend the Constitution ot the United States against all ene-
inies, foreign arid domestic; that J will bear true faith and
allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely,
without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and
that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the
office on which I am about to enter. So help me God.
The speech of the Speaker was frequently in-
terrupted by applause; and there was applause
when the oath was administered, and during the
vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, invested by the
rules with the authority for the preservation of
the order and decorum of the House, appeals to
members not to indulge in manifestations of ap-
proval or disapproval. The Chair will state to the
spectators in the gallery that this is a deliberative
assembly, and that no manifestation of applause
or dissent can be allowed. Each doorkeeper will
promptly take such persons from the galleries,
for the order of the House must be maintained at
all hazards.
The Speaker then proceeded to administer the
oath to the members elect.
When the names of the Representatives from
Louisiana [Messrs. Baker, Cottman, and Field]
were called—
Mr. STEVENS said:'I object to the swearing
in of the members from Louisiana. I understand
that it is the last State to be called, but, as there
are several Territories, I move to postpone the
question on swearing them in until to-morrow,
so that the territorial Delegates may be sworn in.
Mr. COX. I demand the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The SPEAKER. The names of three Repre-
sentatives from Louisiana appearing on the roll
as made out by the Clerk of the last House of
Representatives, and their names being called for
the purpose of their presenting themselves at the
Speaker's desk to be sworn, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania moves that their names be passed
over until to-morrow morning.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I wish the hon-
orable gentleman from Pennsylvania would per-
mit the House to go on in the ordinary course of
organization. He sees from the numerous votes
given to-day that he and his party friends have
control of the House; that there has been little
or no opposition to them, except in mere form,
and I think the public interests and the conven-
ience of all of us will be best consulted by follow-
ing the ordinary precedents of organization.
1 know nothing of the rightof these Represent-
atives from Louisiana to seats upon this floor
otherwise than from these credentials; but it is
very evident from them that they come here with
the samp right as other gentlemen holding seats
upon this floor,and the introduction of extraordi-
nary motions now can only tend to hinder and
delay the organization.
The gentleman is sure of the Clerk; he is sure
of all the other officers of the House; he is sure
of the Committee of Elections, to whom the cre-
dentials of the honorable gentlemen from Louisi-
ana will be referred. Why not, then, if only in
the exercise of party magnanimity, follow the pre-
cedents, which are of the highest importance to
the organization of the House and to the coun-
try, especially in revolutionary times? Why not
wait until the Committee of Elections shall be
appointed, and let the credentials of the hon-
orable members from Louisiana take the usual
course of reference at the proper time to that
committee? and if they have a right to seats upon
this floor it will be accorded to them, and if not
they will be rejected.
1 submit to the honorable gentleman that it is
not worth while to interrupt the organization of
the House by pressing this matter to-day. He
knows, as an old parliamentarian, as a member
of many years'standing, that it is not in his power
to settle greatquestions and principles, which may
perchance affect the existence of States, on mere
motions of this sort.
I appeal to the honorable gentleman once more",
as I did before, when he yielded with great good
sense, to let these credentials take the usual course,
and let these gentlemen take the oath, and then
let us go on and choose the other officers of the
House.
Mr. STEVENS. This is notan extraordinary
motion, but a very ordinary one. Where a mem-
ber believes from the face of the documents read
that they are in truth no credentials, as-in this
instance, where the papers are signed by a man
whom nobody in the United States ever heard of
as Governor, and with his private seal attached,
and where I am also' well assured no pretense of
an election was ever held, it has not been cus-
tomary to swear in the members until it has been
determined that they are entitled to seats. A large
amount of mileage and per diem is involved, and
many a man, I am sorry to say, has come here
from far distant parts of this nation under the
pretenseof claiminga seat, when he knewhehad
no claim at all to one, for the mere purpose of
getting the mileage.
I do not say that that is the case with these
gentlemen. But I say that last year, when two
gentlemen came from Louisiana and claimed seats
here, who, m my judgment, had no right here—
but which judgment was wrong, I presume, for
the House overruled it—the same course was pur-
sued with regard to them that I now propose.
They were two Republican members. I mention
that because something has been said about party
power in the House. They were not permitted
to be sworn in until they had exhibited their cre-
dentials to the Committee of Elections, and that
committee had passed upon them. I propose the
same course now with reference to these gentle-
men.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Pennsylvania 1
says, that it has been the custom of the House'
heretofore to exclude members coming in this way
at the beginning of the organization, and noLto
allow them to be sworn. I well remember thatat
the opening of the last Congress, at the extra ses-
sion, when Mr. Upton, of Virginia, came here*
and when I objected to his being sworn because
he was not a citizen of Virginia, because he was -
a citizen and voter in Ohio, and for other reasons,
the gentleman from Pennsylvania,and the mem-
bers on the other side of the House, thought that
he ought to be sworn in, and the question of fcis
right to a seat passed over until the organization
of the House should be completed. That was
done, and Mr. Upton remained here acting as a
memberof the House for six months, and draw-
ing his pay for that time, and then was turned out
of the House, there not being a shadow of a pre-
tense that he had ever been elected a member.
That is one precedent. There maybe precedents
on both sidesof thequestion. Wehad betterlean
to the side of fairness, and le* *he cred^ntip's go to
the Committee of Elections, as they appear to be
fair on their faces.
I would ask the gentleman, what was the con-
dition of things in the case of the Representatives
from Louisiana in the last Congress ? When they
came here at the end of the session there was no
objection made to them. I believe their credentials
came in and were sent to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Gentlemen on the other side of the House voted
for the admission of these Louisiana members at
the last session. All we ask is that the question
may be investigated fairly by the proper commit-
tee of the House, and that the House may havo
the opportunity of deciding upon the facts as they
are presented.
Mr. DAWES. That is all we ask.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Ohio,
I think, is mistaken in two of the facts which he
states. I think the members from Louisiana came
here at very nearly the commencementof the last
session, and that they went off and stumped New
England for two months before they came back
and had their case decided.
Mr. COX. Yes, they went off and stumped
New England, and that brought them in speedily.
[Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. And then we took the same
course with them that it is proposed to take now.
The other fact stated by the gentleman, to which
I referred, is in regard to the precedents. He
may refer to this side of the House as setting the
precedents he speaks of, hut not to me.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether, in case these gentle'
men go to New England, and stump it for foui
months, he will then agree to admit them.
[Laughter.]
Mr. S FEVENS. If they would go and stump
Kentucky for emancipation 1 do not know but I
might. [Laughter and applause in the galleries.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remind gen-
tlemen in the galleries that these manifestations
of applause, which are permitted in tumultuous
assemblages, cannot be tolerated here. The Chair
will endeavor to enforce the rules strictly, and
hopes the House will sustain him in it.
Mr. STEVENS. I was going on to say, when
the gentleman from Kentucky interrupted me by
his argumentum ad /tommem, that because this side
of the House acquiesced in the admission of any
members from the State of Louisiana, or from
any other State which by its Legislature had gone
into rebellion, he must not say that I acquiesced
in such a precedent. I have never been guilty of
anything of the kind.
1 will now modify my motion so as to refer
these credentials to the Committee of Elections,
and that the swearing in of the members be
postponed until some other day; and on that I
call the previous question.
Mr. COX. I will make a suggestion, if the
gentleman will allow me. I do not care to raise
a question of order.
Mr. STEVENS. I should be very glad to hear
the gentleman's suggestion, but I think I had bet-
ter not yield. 1 will hear it privately.
Mr. COX. I raise the question of order, then,
that there is no Committee on Privilegesand Elec-
tions to which the credentials can be referred.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
pointof order. The uniform practice of the House
