1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. JOHNSON. The present duty on tea, I
th in If, 30 cem.s a pound, and tiio House of
Representatives propose to increase it 5 cents
specifically. Our committee strikeout that in-
crease, but they impose an ad valorem duty of 10
per cent, in addition to the present specific duty,
i am very Iiule informed as to the grade of tins
articleor the nature of thearticleitsclf in the mar-
ket, but my general impression derived from con-
versations with importers of tea has been that it
is a very difficult thing to ascertain the real price
of the article abroad. There is wo general stand-
ard by which you can test the price abroad.
Most of our importers do not buy the tea in the
shape in which it isimported here, but they buy
it in the leaf and cure it. All the expense of what
may be considered the manufacture of the tea is
cast upon the importer who pursues his trade in
that way, as the largest of them I believe do.
Some do it for less, some fur more. The cost of
the tea to them is ascertained by the original cost
of the leaf, with the addition of the expenses to
which they are subjected in fitting it for exporta-
^ tion from China or from Japan,and the expense
of freight to the United States. As 1 understand
—the chairman of the committee perhaps has in-
formed himself more fully than I have, and the
Senator from New York of course knows more
about it than 1 do—there is no uniform price at
any moment. It costs some less and some more,
and as this additional ad valorem charge is to be
upon the invoice cost, and not upon the home
value, it would be exceedingly difficult for the
appraiser to ascertain with anything even approx-
imating to accuracy what the invoice cost of the
particular asticie was, unless he took it ftom the
invoice of the shipper. That invoice is not accu-
rate, cannot be made accurate. This trade goes
on for a number of months, and they make up
the cost of a particular shipment by cbaigmgit
its proportion of the amount of the cost of a much
larger stock*, so that it very often happens, as I
understand, that the invoice of one shipment,
«when they settle their accounts at the end of a
year, is found tu be higher or sometimes lower
than it should be. The actual proper cost which
should be charged to each shipment cannot he
ascertained until the woikof the whole season is
performed.
Now, I submit to the chairman of the Finance
Committee whether k would not be better—it
would save these importers a great deal of trou-
ble, and perhaps give the Government more money
—to adopt the proposition of the House of Rep-
resentatives adding 5 cents a pound-to the spe-
cific duty. These importers, too, will be subjected
to the provision which the laws on the subject
contain that if their invoice shall be found to be
put below a certain percentage of what the ap-
praiser shall find to be the actual proper invoice
cost, they wiil incur a penalty—I forget what it
is—10, 15, or 2!) per cent., and without any fault
of their own. if you add 5 or 10 cents specific duty
it seems to me it will perhaps operate more justly
than by imposing an ad valorem duty. 1 make
these suggestions of course with comparative ig-
norance, and will go by the judgmentof the Com-
mittee on Finance, prowded their attention has
been, as it no doubt has been, called to the subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose there may be
somewhat mo re difficulty in ascertaining the exact
value'of tea than of other articles.
Mr. MORGAN. It vanes very much.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But thereare many other
articles in regard to which there is an equal diffi-
culty. Stiil it seemed to us manifestly proper
that where there is such a very large difference in
the value of the article imported as there is in dif-
ferent qualities of tea, it mierht be well to make a
discrimination. I do not think that the importa-
tion of teas will be troubled very much by the 5
cents additional duty^ but if you lay the 5 cents
additional duty on the pound, and make it ail
specific, it has no reference to the cost or value
of the article; and the Senator knows as well as
I do that there is a very great difference.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 know there is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The impoiters seem to
object, to this proposition very much; butalthough
1 have gieat respect for many individual men, I
have leatned m some degree to exercise my own
judgment in icfeicncc to these matters, irrespect- [
*ive of the arguments of importers or manufactur- i
era. To btTsure, the judgment of the committee t
is necessarily very imperfect, but they come to
conclusions on the facts in the best way they can
Set at them, and it is for the Senate to do the same,
I do not suppose there is really any very great
difficulty about ascertaining the value of the va-
rious grades of teas. If the business is precisely
as the Senator fiom Maryland states, the import-
ers know what the teas cost them when they'buy
them; they know the cost of manufacturing them,
it it may be so called, when they prepare them
for shipment, and if they make an honest state-
ment of the cost per pound there is no danger of
their suffering. All they have got to do is-to state
it fairly and honestly according to what they
know. If they pay the money in the first place,
and m the next place if they manufacture the ar-
ticle and it has no market price, itis not $ subject
of fluctuation; they know the actual cost on the
spot. At any rate, I think there is enough of
value in the suggestion not to conclude the matter
as it stands in the bill, but to adopt the amend-
ment of the committee and let it be further con-
sidered.
Mr. HALE. I do not know anything about
this particular tax, but there is one principle which
has been stated by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance to which i do not assent. Any-
body who has been conversant with the legisla-
tion of Congress for the last few years must have
noticed the great tendency that there is to leave
everything to be adjusted by committees of con-
ference at the last; and we pass bills when we do
not know what is in them, simply because they
have gone to committees of conference and in the
course of time those committees have made the
best report they could. The result has been that
the iaws in many cases have been made by com-
mittees of conference instead of the two Houses
of Congress. Now, sir, instead of refusing to
make an amendment, or, making an amendment,
trusting to a committee of conference to adjustany
mistake there is in it, I think the effort of Con-
gress should be to fix legislation itself, and leave
as little as possible to committees of conference.
Mr. CLARK. This matter was very carefully
considered by the Committee on Finance, and I
think there is very good reason underlying the
action of the committee. It is the information of
the committee that the production of tea has very
much diminished in China, especially of the higher
grades, by the action of the rebels in thatempire.
The finer teas are produced mainly m certain lat-
itudes where the rebels there have been operating
largely. The disparity between the price of those
finer teas and the lower teas is very large now,
and by the non-production of the finer kinds it
will evidently be more from time to time. Now,
while the committee keep the duty, as it has been,
ci fixed duty, that is a dutyper pound of20 cents
upon all kinds of tea, it seemed to them that
if an additional duty was imposed it might as
well be of an ad valorem kind to meet that very
discrimination and distinction in regard to teas.
It is not a new principle. On many articles we
impose a fixed specific duty and an additional ad
valorem duty.
Mr. JOHNSON. It has not been done in this
case before.
Mr. CLARK. Not in regard to tea; and the
committee on first consideration did not propose
an ad valorati duty. In fact, their consideration
at first mainly was whether there should be any
additional duty at all, whether the present duty of
twenty cents a pound was not as much as the ar-
ticle would bear, because the information of the
committee is that only about one halt the amount
of tea that was produced two years ago is now
produced,and thatonly ahoutone half is imported
into this country and sold that was imported for-
meily. The consumption of tea has very much
diminished since the duty has been increased. 1
think the Senator from New York can give in-
formation to that fact. The committee, therefore,
hesitated whether it would bear an additional duty;
but desiring to get all the revenue they possibly
could, they came to the conclusion that if any ad-
ditional duty was imposed, it should be an ad va-
lorem duty of ten per cent., yielding probably as
much as the 5 cents a pound specific duty. We
cannot tell precisely how much it will yield, but
we think it better to assess the additional duty in
that way.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the falling off m
the higher kinds?
Mr. CLAKIC. The fhliing off is mostly in the
higher kinds, owing to the non-production of the
article and the increased cost of it caused by the
rebellion in China, and then the imposition of the
high duty on the lower grades. That is the in-
formation the committee have,
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to have the
question divided. There are really two amend-
ments proposed by the committee. The first is
to strike out " 5" in the tenth line. '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is divisible.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the question will be
first taken on striking out "5" after "20 "
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be so taken at the request of the Senator.
Mr. CONNESS. I suppose the objection to a
specific duty of 25 cents a pound on tea is that
under such tax all qualities of tea would be taxed
the same; in other words that the cheaper teas
would pay as high a tax as teas of a higher
quality. If the statement made by the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Clark] be
correct, the objection to a specific tax i think is
proportionably removed by the fact that the higher
grades of tea are produced in lessquantities than
they were, and that we get a less variable quality
of the aiticle than wc did before the rebellion in
China. The difficulty about this amendment as
it suggests itself to my mind is that it gives us all
that is objectionable in the two systems of levy-
ing duties, the specific and the ad valorem sys-
tems.
Mr. CLARK. Allow me to say to the Sena-
tor that we have that in a great many cases.
Mr. CONNESS. I am aware of that, but it
is a question whether it is desirable to preserve
the difficulties of the two systems where we can
avoid it. The difficulties of the ad valorem sys-
tem are very generally understood by all intelli-
gent persons who have given their attention to
the matter of imports. 1 have now in my pos-
session a statement prepared on oath by revenue
officers at San Francisco, showing and establish-
ing that for a long period of time the invoices
under the ad valorem system had been prepared
at San Francisco, and not at the place from
whence the goods were exported. There was a
regular system of false invoices at that port for a
long time, and the cures and remedies that are
applicable by diligenceon the purtof the revenue
officers and by prosecutions in the courts have
been applied, but it is almost impossible to avoid
them. You have no protection in point of fact
but in the integrity of the importer on the one
hand and the perspicacity and ability of your ap-
praisers on the other, I very much incline to
think that the 25 cents specific duty on this par-
ticular article had better be adhered to, and the
ad valorem system abandoned. I think it is prob-
able that will simplify the matter and give us
more revenue.
Mr. CLARK. I want to suggest to the Senator
and to the Senate that there is already a wide dif-
ference between these qualities of teas at the place
of production, some of themcosting 30, 45, or 50
cents, and others as high as a dollar. Sup-
pose that kind of tea which costs a dollar is very
much diminished in production, it goes up very
much higher in price of course, and yet you im-
pose on that the same tax precisely as on the lower
grades. What is the consequence? Youmakethe
poor man who consumes the lower quality pay
just as much tax as he who consumes the costly
article. You make the tax fall very unequally.
By a specific duty of 20 cents a pound we secure
the revenue to a very great degree against any
such fraud as the Senator apprehends; and X
admit what he says in regard to the frauds here-
tofore practiced, and by the imposition of an ad
valorem duty you do get a little more revenue from
these higher grades to be paid by those who con-
sume them, as they ought to pay. That is the
object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the first amendment to strike out the word
" five" after " twenty" in line ten of section one.
Mi*. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were oideied; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 15; as follows:
YE'Vd Anthouv, Clark, Cowan, Dixon. Doo-
Jitil.' V^sendeii, Foot, Foster, Oriiues, Hendricks, Hicks,
Howe. Lane of Kansas, Kieliaid&on, Kiddle, SauUbury,
Van Winkle. YViiiey,and Wilson—19.
•VAVH—-Messr*. Brown, Ruokalew. Chandler, Conner*
