1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
cations from the officers at West Point who state
that it is impossible in the present state of things
for the boys there to get along upon the pay that
they have received, and also stating the facts
which have been stated by the Senator from New
York; and that it is working very badly in this
particular: very many of the cadets are poor;
they come from poor families, and have been sent
there because they were bright, intelligent, fine
fellows, and would be likely to make good offi-
cers; others who were sent there have parents
who are able to support them, The resultis that
while one set may appear like gentlemen and have
all the comforts and conveniences necessary to
their position, fhe others are obliged to be com-
paratively shabby, and it makes a distinction be-
tween them injurious to the institution.
It struck me that unless my friend from Iowa
could explain the difference, I could not see why
a larger sum should be necessary at the Naval
Academy than at the Military Academy; why,
if the sum of forty dollars a month is necessary
in one case, it should be too much in the other.
1 was therefore disposed to yield to the proposi-
tion to increase the pay; and if it is absolutely
necessary in order to bring, up what is past, 1 do
not know but that justice requires that we should
go back to the beginning of the present year.
I state these facts for the reason that the matter
was not brought before the Committee on Finance,
and perhaps we should not have felt ourselves at
liberty to propose an amendment of this descrip-
tion if it had been brought before the Committee
on Finance. I suppose this comes from the proper
committee.
Mr. HARRIS. From the CommitteeonMili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It would more properly
come from that committee; and with this state-
ment I am disposed to leave it to the Senate to de-
cide the question.
Mr. HARRIS. I will take the liberty to read
a couple of extracts from letters received from the
Superintendent during the present session. The
first is dated 10th of December last, m which he
says:
" i take the liberty of reminding you of tho absolute ne-
cessity for putting the cadets at the Militaiy Acadcmy on
the same footing as the cadets at the Naval Academy, it
is now n deinonsittated inct that with the greatly increased
value of provisions, and ail the nece.-^am'is of life, the pay
OY the cadets is Insufficient to support them. Month alter
month, with the closest economy, their indebtedness in-
creases, and now the coips have puicha*cU on a credit
amounting to $15,01)0. Utiles they ean obtain relief it is
not difficult to foresee how the matter must end. Many
of the cadets are absolutely in iag.s."
He writes again on the 25th of February:
"Touching the arguments in favor of the increase of the
cadets' pay, 1 beg to state; that two days «*mee J Nueget>ied
to Colonel Ulitz, the eouimaudanto! the corps,that dming
the fine weather it woutd he well to have full dresc pa-
rades. His reply was. that so many of the corps were ragged
and shoeless, that not enough weie lett to make a respect-
able feliow, and lie thought it had better not be attempted.
The 'ragged s-quad' is increasing so rapidly that if some-
thing is not done to relieve the coips befoie the season of
out-door exercise* begins, we shall not have patentable ca-
dets enough to mnke a corporal's guard that may appear
out of the area of barracks. This should not be. Some-
thing must be done, and done quickly. Eveiy species of
economy known to me, and to the othei oificeis in «. harge,
is used to eke out the inadequate pay, but with wiiat re-
sults the above btatement wili show."
• Mr. GRIMES. I have no doubt that this
amendment should be adopted, and I shall vote
in favor of it. I will state, in answer to the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Maine as to the dif-
ference between the pay of the cadets at West
Point and the midshipmen at the Naval School,
that the amount fixed for the midshipmen at the
Naval School, I believe, was done at my instance
three or four years ago. The money that is paid
to these young men is not drawn directly by them
except as they may need if for the various pur-
poses for which it may be used, and it was de-
signed that there should be a small amount left
over from each year to accumulate to the credit
of the midshipmen in order to give them an out-
fit at the end of the four years for the regular ]
cruise that they are obliged to enter upon. That '
was the reason why the amount of their pay v/as
raised from three hundied and fifty or four hun- j
drcd dollars a year to five hundred dollars. As
in the case of these young men at the Military
Academy, a large majority of the young men who '
are sent to the Naval Academy are poor. At the '
time their salary was fixed at #500 a year, the j
custom was to send them, immediately upon their
graduation, on board a ship upon a long cruisc of
three years. According to our system, each one
of these young men is obliged to furnish for him-
self the stores that are necessary for his mess, and
the small excess of from fifty to seventy-five dol-
lars a year which would be accumulating to his
credit during the time he was in the Academy
was designed to furnish an outfit for that cruise.
I do not think anything can accumulate now,
either to the midshipman or to the cadet out of
the amount of $500 a year now paid to midship-
men or which is proposed to be paid to the cadet.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can say that 1 have
received letters asking me to get the pay of the
cadets at the Naval School raised on the ground
that they have very hard work to get through.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no doubt the amend-
ment is right as proposed by the Senator from
New York.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not like to oppose the
amendment of the Senator from New York. It
may be very necessary in this case, but it seems
like entering on a system of increased pay, and
there is no knowing where it will end. I have
cases presented to me almostevery day of officers
in the employment of the Government who abso-
lutely insist upon it that they cannot live, cannot
support themselves on their salaries. It may be
said that they are not obliged to be officers of the
Government; they can resign; but that is hardly
a satisfactory answer to them.
I saw many of these cadets when I was at West
Point during the holidays, and I did not see any-
body in rags I confess. They looked to me very
tidy and well cared for. So strong a case has
been made that I do not like to oppose the amend-
ment, but at the same time I think it will be fruit-
ful of a good many othurapplicationsof the same
kind. It will establish a piecedcnt that we shall
have to follow in many cases of paying extra to
everybody under the Government that has got a
haul time of it.
Mr. CLARK. It seems to me this is an en-
tirely diilWcnt case from that of persons who are
employed in other capacities. This is a case where
we undertake to suppoit boys at school; they
are all boys; and if the representations which are
placed before us by the Senator from New York
are true, it seems to me there is no question about
it that we oiurht to increase the pay of the cadets.
Mr. POMEROY. I know very well this is a
case where we are educating boys; but at the same
time those of them whom I do know are not at
all in a situation where it is absolutely necessary
for us to pay every expense that they are put to.
There may be same very poor cases, but I have
seen such efi'oits to get boys into this Military
Acadcmy from the wealthiest families in the coun-
try; and I know some fiom those families who
are there that do not commend themselves to me
as being very strong objects of chanty.
Mr, GRIMES. I believe that there is a young
man at the Military Academy at this time, from
my State, who has gone there from the Army,
and who had distinguished himself jn the Aimy.
I remember one from the district of a colleague of
mine whom I now see upon this floor, who dis-
tinguished himself at the captuie of Yicksbuig,
a young man by the name of Griffith, of whom
the Senator from Kansas probably has heard,
who captured eleven men and brought them safely
out and delivered them up to his superior officer.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope I did not say that
these were not ailgood young men and very meri-
torious. I did not intend to say that. I have great
respect for them,and want to give them what en-
couragement I can. I only say that we shall find
other hard cases if we enter on the line of paying
more to these young men. It may be argued as
a reason why we should continue this process in
other directions.
Mr. CLARK. I suppose the fact that there are
some sons there of rich parents should notd-'ter us
from doing justice to those who have not rich
parents and arc good boys. We should takecare
of them.
Mr. POMEROY. I am very desirous to do j
justice; but people's ideas of justice differ very !
much. There are some people who think that
justice demands that they shall not only be tol-
erably well cared for, but luxuiiously cared fwr,
it they are in the service of the Government.
People who are in the service of the Government
do not confine themselves to those economical no-
tions that those do who are in private life.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I offer another amendment:
*2«d be it further cnacted, That cadets found deficient at
any examination shall not be continued at the Military
Academy, or be reappointed, except upon tlie recommend-
ation of the academic board.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the followingamend-
ment to come in as a new section:
Jlnd be it farther enacted, That heieafter in all appoint-
ments of cadets to the Military Academy at West Point,
the selections for such appointments in the several districts
shall be made from the candidates according to their re-
spective merits and qualifications, to be determined under
such rules and regulations as the Secretary of War shall
from time to time prescribe.
This, Mr. President, is substantially the propo-
sition which I offered at the last session; and al-
though I was not so fortunate as to obtain for it
the assent of the Senate, mainly from an appre-
hension of practical difficulties in carrying out
what is admitted to be adesirable reform ifit could
be effected, yet the geneial expression of Senators
was so much in favor of the principle, and I have
been so much strengthened in my views on the
subject by subsequent reflection and examination,
that 1 am emboldened to renew it.
I differ entirely from those who are fond of dis-
paraging the Military Academy. It has been of
incalculable service to the country; it is the origin
and the constant supply of that military science
without which mere courage would be constant-
ly foiled, and battles would be but Indian fights
on a large scale. Not to speak of the Mexican
war, tluoughout the whole of which West Point
shone with conspicuous luster, it is safe to leave
the vindication of the Academy to the gallant and
able men who have illustrated the annals of the
war that is now raging. Nor have its indirect
advantages been less marked than its direct. It
haskept alive a military spirit, and kept upagood
standard of military instruction in the volunteer
militia. It furnished, from its graduates who
have retired from the Army, scores of men who
rushed to the head of our new levies, who organ-
ized and instructed them, inspired them with con-
fidence, and led them over many a bloody field
to-many a glorious victory. Large numbers of
our best volunteer officers owe their instruction
indirectly to West Point.
To say that no course of military instruction
can make a pupil a military genius, can create in
him that rare quality that takes in at a glance, al-
most by intuition, the relative strength of great
masses opposed to each other, and that power of
combination which can bring an inferior force al-
ways in greater number upon the severed portions
of a superior force, is very true. To discard mili-
tary education on that account would be like shut-
ting up the schools and colleges because they
cannot turn outMiltonsand Burkes and Wcbsters.
Education does not create, if develops and en-
larges and inspires and elevates. It will make
the pcrfect flower, the majestic tree, from the little
seed; but it must have the seed. And what I de-
sire is that the Academy at West Point should
have the best seed; that its great resources, its
careful culture, its scientific appliances, should not
be wasted on second-rate material. The Academy
has never had a fair chance; the country has not
had a fair chance; the boys have not had a fair
chance. This is what I want them all to have, and
especially the country. I desiie that the Academy
shall begin, as it goes on, upon tho competitive
ptuiciple. As all its standing,nl! its honors, are
won by competition, so should the original right
to compete for them be won. I would give all
the youth of the country a fair chance; and, more
desirable than that, I would give the country a
fait chance for all its youth. I would have the
Academy filled up by those young men who, upon
examination by competentjudges,should be found
most likely to render the best, sei vice to the coun-
try; to make the best officers; whose qualifica-
tions, physical, intellectual, and moral, whose
tastes and inclinations and habits, should seem to
best fit them for military life.
But, it is objected, no such examination would
beinfttlhble. Ofcourseit would not be. Nohuman
judgment is infallible. Our deliberations are not
infallible; but therefore shall we not deliberate?
The decisions of the Supreme Court are not in-
fallible; therefore shall we abolish the court?
