8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
has been to refer matters to committees before they
"were raised.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will sug-
gest to the gentleman from Pennsylvania that lie
modify his motion so as to refer the credentials
to the Committee of Elections, when appointed.
Mr. STEVENS. I will modify my motion in
that v/fiy,thoughitisentirely unnecessary. The
standing rules of the House provide for a Com-
mittee of Elections. I have no wish to be dis-
courteous to the gentleman from Ohio, and will
withdraw my demand for the previous question,
and hear his suggestion.
Mr, COX. I do not suppose anything I can
eay will change the intentions of gentlemen on
the other side of the House. I was going to cor-
rect. the gentleman from Pennsylvania in one or
two particulars. I think it is not the fact that the
members from Louisiana came here at the organ-
ization of the last Congress. •
Mr. STEVENS. 1 said near the commence-
ment of the last session.
Mr. COX. It was not until after the organi-
zation.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no; certainly not; but
they came hero at the last session early in De-
cember. While I am up I will state one fact—I
ain sorry I am obliged to—which may have some
effect. It is, that these gentlemen from Louis-
iana have already been to the Sergeant-at-Arms
to draw their mileage and per diem. I renew the
demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. "I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table; and on that motion demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 rise to a question of order.
Is it in order to move to adjourn?
The SPEAKER. It is, at any time.
Mr. BROOKS. I make thatmotion, and demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question reenrred on the motion of Mr.
J. C. Allen; and being put, it was decidcd in the
negative—yeas 74, nays 101; as follows:
YliAS—Motesr--- J:uim>k Allen, William J. AHph, An-
eona, AugustusC. Baldwin, Bliss, Brooks, JamesS. Brown,
Clay, Oolhoth, <,'o.\, Craven*, Dawson, JJcumson, Eden,
Edgerton, Lldrid^e, Lhiylish, Finck, Gnnson, Orid'-r, f.'rjs-
wold, Hall, Ilardimr, Harrington, Chailes M. Harris, ller-
rick, Holmau, Hmehms, PlnhpJohnson, William Johnson,
Jtulblkif-clijKcrnau, King, Knapp, Law, Lazear, bel'.lond,
Lon}?, Mallory, Marey, McDowell, McKiniM'j, MuUllctoii,
William li. Miller, James R. Mori is, Morn-ou, Nelson,
Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Peiry, Fuiyn, lladibid,
Biimuel J. Randall, Robinson, Roger.*, rtcott, Hteb-
lutis, John B. Steele, WHIinm G. Steele. Stiles, Snou-e,
Smart, Swe.it, Yooihees, WmNworth, Waid, Wlieelci,
i/lnitoii A. White, Jot-eph W. While, Wluilold, Fernando
Wood, and Ycaman—7!.
NA \Ti3—M esi-rs. Alley, Allison, Aines, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley, Daily, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine,
Jacob B. Blair, Blow, Boutwcll, Boyd. Brnndegcc,Broom-
ntl, William G. Brown, Ambiose " W. ri.irk, Freeman
Clarke.Gobi),Colo, CreswelL Uemy Winter Davis, Thomas
T. Davis, Dawes, Demmc:, Dixon,Donnelly, Dngijs, EeU-
)ey. Eliot, Fiunswoitli, l'Vnton, Frank, GaiOold, Goocb,
Grmnell, Hale Benjamin G. ll'uiis, fliyby, Hoopei, Iioieh-
kiss, A.-alie! XV. Hubbard, John II. llnbbaid, ilufbuid,
Jcnckcfs, Julian, Kn-vm, Kelh y, Finiteis W. KcIIol'?, Or-
lando KVllojrg, Ijittlcjohn, tiO.m, Lonyyear, Lovejoy, Me-
Bnde, AIcUluiij, Melmloo, Samuel F. Miller, Mooihead,
Mou ill, Damvf IVlorris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myeis, Not-
ion, OdelljChailesO'NciU, Orth,Patterson. Porhain, Pike,
Pomeroy, Pnce, William II. Randall, Alexander II. Rice,
John II. Rice, Cdwaid LI Roilm«, Selienek, Seoiieid,Shan-
non, Sloan, Smith, Souther-., Spaulding, Stan, Steven-,
Tha\'er, Thoui.i>. Tniey, np*on, Van Yalkenbiujjh, Eliiiu
B. VVasbhuriie, William B. Washburn, Webster, Whaley,
Williams, Wilder,W il*on,Wiiidom,amt Woodbndge—101.
So the motion was not laid on the table.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
motion of Mr. Stevens.
Mr. PENDLETON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
A->hley, John D. Baldwin. Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Jacob
B. Blair, Blow, Boutwcll, Boyd, Brandegee, Bioomall, Wil-
liam G.Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clai ke, Cobb,
Cole, Crebwell, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis,
Dawc, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, Dngjrs, Eekicy, Eliot,
Farnswmth, Fentou, Frank, Garfield, Gooel>, Giiimell,
Halo,Benjamin G. Harris-, Nigby, Hooper,Ilotchkiss,Asahel
W. liubbard, John II. Uuhbaid, ilulbard, Jenekes, Julian,
Kas-son, Kellev, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg,
Littlejohn, Loan, Longyear, Lovejoy, Marvin, McBride,
McOlurg, Mcindoe, Saitmei F. Milter, Moorhead, Morrill,
Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton, j
Odell, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Peiham, Pike, j
Pomerov, Price, William II. Randall, Alexander II. Iticc,
John H. liico, Edward H. Rollins, Schenck,Seofield, Shan- |
non, Sloan, Smith, Smithers, Spaulding, Starr, Stevens, j
Thayer, Thomas, Tracv, Up^on, Van Valkeubiirgh, EliUu '
B. Wa&hburne, William B. Wa&hburn, Webster, Whaley, I
Wilder, Wilson, Windom, Benjamin Wood, and Wood- .
bridge—101. . ,
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Augustus C. Baldwin, Brooks, James S. Brown,
Chanler, Clay, Coffroth, Cox. Cravens, Dawson, Dennison,
Eden, Edgei ton, Eldndge, English, Finek,Gansorj, Gruler,
Hall, Harding, Harrington, Chailes M. Hams, llerrick,
Ilolman, Ilutehins, Philip Johnson, William Johnson,
Ivalbfleisch, Kernan, King, Knapp, Law,Lazear, Le Blond,
Lonsr, Mallorv, Marcv, McAllister,McDowell, MeKenney,
William II. Miller, James R. Morris, Morrison, Nelson,
Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Peny, Pruyn, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogeis, Ros*, Scott, Steh-
bins, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Stiouse,
Stuart, Sweat, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Ward, Wheeler,
Chilton A. White, Winfield, and Fernando Wood—71,
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was adopted;and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The following Delegates from the Territories
were then sworn in:
From New Mexico—Francisco Perea.
From Utah—John F. Kinney.
From Washington—George E. Cole.
From Nebraska—Samuel G. Daily.
From Colorado—Hiram P. Bennet.
From Nevada—Gordon N. Mott.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I see thatthe Clerk has placed
the name of Mr. Todd on the roll as Delegate from
Dakota. If there are any credentials of Mr.
Todd here, I should like to have them read, and
in the mean time I send up credentials of Mr.
Jayne, which I ask the Clerk to read.
Mr. COX. 1 ask that Mr. Todd's credentials
may first be lead.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that the Clerk
has sent for them, and they have not yet been
brought in. I suppose there has not been time
enough to prepare them. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, I will simply say that
I do not think there are any such credentials that
are in form, and I believe the Clerk so admitted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Is there
any motion now pending before the House? If
there is not, the gentleman from Illinois is not in
order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to substitute the name
of Mr. Jayne for that of Mr. Todd.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask that the credentials
of both claimants be read to the House before
any vote is taken.
• The Clerk read, as follows:
Dakota. Territory, Executive Office :
I, John Hutchinson, seeretaiy and actmg Governor of
the Territory of Dakota, do heieby coitify that, accoiding
to tho canvass made by the teiritoual canvassers on the 24th
day of October, 1862, of the votes for Delegate to Congress,
William J.ij ne Itad .t ma|oiity over J. B. tf. Todd of six-
teen votes, and that, ^uh^eqnent to said canvass, returns
weie mnde to this office in due form of votes from Pem-
bina di-tilct a« follow-5, to wit: number ot voles east for
J. B. fc5. Todd, one hundred and twenty-five; for William
Jayne, nineteen; which said votes were not included in the
canvass made by the territorial canvassers, but arc now on
file In this office.
Witness my hand, and the great seal of the Territory.
r Done at Yankton, tiiis 15th Augu-t, A. D. 1863.
S,J JOI1X HUTCHINSON,
Secretary and dieting Governor.
Dakota Territory, Secretary's Office:
i hereby eeitify that J have not issued a eertificate of
election to any peison as Delegate to Conines fiom this
Tenitory; that there is no leeord m tin* olTiceofany hav-
ing been issued by any person, and that I have no official
knowledge of the teiritoual seal having been alfixod to any
sin-h eemfieate.
Witness my hand, and the great seal of the Territory.
r , Done at Yankton, this 26th (lav of September,
IL. b.j A> J)t
JOHN HUTCHINSON, Seactary.
i'roct amation
To the Peojde of Dakota Territory.
f, John Hutchinson, secretary and acting Governor of
the Territory of Dakota, do hereby proclaim:
That tit a geuuial election held on the 1st day of Sep-
tember, 186-2, in caid Tenitory, William Jajne received a
majority of the vote* east for Delegate to Congress, and was
therefore duly elected Delegate to the Thirt) -Eighth Con-
gi ess of the United State* ; that Justus Townsend received
a majority of the votes cast for tcmtorinl Auditor, and was
duly ejected as such; and that S. G. Insh leceived a
majority of the votes cast for teuitoiial Treasuier, and
was therefoie duly elected as such.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto subscribed my
i- « name and affixed my official seal. Doneat\auk-
I.L. S.j t tijis 29th day of November, A. D. 18G2. *
JOHN UUTCIUN.SON,
Secretary and Acting Governou
Dakota Territory, Secretary's Office :
I, John Hutchinson,secietaiy orilieTemtoiyof Dakota,
do hereby eeitify that the loregomg is a tine and correct
copy of the Proclamation issued by me on the 29i h day of
November, A. D. J862, and by me recoided, and now on
recoid in this oflice.
Witness my hand, and the great seal of the lerntoiy,
, Done at Yankton, this 17th day of June, A. D.
s,3 1863. JOIIN HUTCHINSON.
Mr.-LOVEJOY. That is sufficient to show
that Mr. Jayne is entitled to his seat. I there-
fore move that his name be substituted for that
of Mr. Todd; and on that motion I call for the
previous question.
Mr. COX. I think that the whole subject had
better be referred to the Committee of Elections. .
Mr. MALLORY. Before that is done I would
ask whether a certificate was not sent to the
Clerk before the one lust read ?
Mr. LOVEJOY, 1 understand the state of the
case to be this: Mr. Jayne was Governor of the
Territory, and it was made his duty to certify the
election. He did certify to his own election, and
the certificate is in the hands of the Clerk.
Mr. MALLORY. It has not been read, and
it seems to me that it ought to be.
The eertificate was read, as follows:
Executive Office, Yankton, Dakota Territory:
William Jayne, Governor of said 'J'emtoiy, to all whom
these niesent& shall come, sends greeting:
William Jayne, having leceivcil tins largest number of
vot' -j castattlie general election for Delegale m tlieTliirty-
Eiglith Congress of the United Slates from liieTerritory of
Dakota, held on the 1st day of September, A. t). t8S2, is
hereby declared duly elected said Delegate in Congreas horn
the Tenitory aforesaid.
Tins certificate shall be,and is, the certificate of the said
election as Delegate m CongiCi-s from tbir. Tenitory m the
Tbirly-Kighth Congress of the United Stales.
in witness whereof I have heieilnto set niyhand, and
caused to be affixed the great seal of the Tei rttoiy
ri. s.] of Dakota. Hone at Yankton, tins 5tli day of
"■ January, in the year of our Loul 1863.
WILLIAM JAYNE,
Governor of Dakota Territory.
Mr. MALLORY. Is that countersigned by
tlie secretary of the Territory ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. The law does not require any
such signature. I move that the whole subject be
referred to the Committee of Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was referred; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
. RULKS OF TIIB HOUSE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I send to the
Clerk's table a resolution, which I ask may be
adopted. The 47th rule provides that the rules
of the last House shall remain as the rules of the
House, unless otherwise ordered. My resolution
will put the question beyond doubt, and reserve
the privilege of amendment.
The Clerk read, as fallows:
Resolved, That the rules of the House of Representatives
of the Thirty-Seventh Congress slmJi be the rules of the
[louse of Representatives until otherwi&e ordered.
Resolved j uither, Thar a committee of five, to consist of
the Spcakeratid lour members to be named by him, be ap-
pointed, to whom shall be lefericd the rules of the House,
who shall have the light to report at any time &ucli amend-
ment* on the rf-visiori of the same that they may think
proper; and tueh report, when nude, shall be eonsideied
by the Ilou^e as a special order.
Mr. PENDLETON. I object to making any-
thing a special order at this early day of the
session.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think that
the objection cannot prevail.
The SPEAKER. It is a valid objection to
that part of the proposition providing for a special
order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That as-
sumes that the House is governed by the rules of
the last House.
Tlie SPEAKER. The gentleman can only at-
tain his object by moving a suspension of the
rules, this being Monday.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Illinois, I
suppose, is aware that the 47th rule provides that
"these lules shall be the rules of the House of
Representatives for the present and succeeding
Congresses until otherwise ordered."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The ques-
tion arises whether the last Congress can make
rules for this Congress. I will modify my icso-
iutioii by striking out the part in reference to its
being made a special order.
The lesolutton was adopted.
