8008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 16,
over $40 and not over $75;" in line fifty-
trike out " 70" and insert " 40;" in line
X/avls, Hale, Harris, Howard, Johnson, Morgan, Powell,
Ramsey, S prague, Sumner, and Ten Eyck—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Carlile, Collamei, Harding, Harlan,
Henderson, Lane of Indiana, McDougall, Morrill, Nesmith,
Pomeroy, Sherman, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wright—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the next branch of the amend-
ment, to insert after " pound" the words " and
in addition thereto 10 per cent, ad valorem."
Mr. HENDRICKS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being talcen,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ness,"Cowan, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Hale, Harris,Hicks, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Lane of'Kan-
sas, Morgan, Ramsey, Riddle, Sherman, Sprague, Sum-
ner, Ten Eyck, Vao Winkle, Wilkinson, Wllley, and
Wilson—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Davis, Hendricks, Nesmith,
Powell, Bichardson, and Saulsbury— 7.
ABSENT—-Messrs. Carlile, Oollamer, Dixon, Harding,
Harlan, Henderson, Lane oflndlana, McDougall, Morrill,
Pomeroy, Trumbull, Wade, and Wright—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was in line thirty of section two, to strike
out the word " also" after " and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendments were in section two, line
forty-nine, to strike out " 10" and insert " 15;"
in line fifty to strike out " 50" and insert " 75;" in
line fifty-two to strike out " Wand insert " 15,"
and to strike out " 20" and insert " 30;" in line
fifty-three after "dollar" to insert" and 25 cents;"
in line fifty-four to strike out " 20" and insert
"30;" in line fifty-five to insert " 5" after " 40;"
after " thousand " in line fifty-five to strike out
" $1 50 per pound and 40 per cent, ad valorem;
valuedat over
nine to str
sixty to strike out " $2 50" and insert " $3;" so
as to make the clause read:
Third. On cigars of all kinds, valued at $15 or less per
thousand, TScenH per pound and 20 percent, ad valorem;
valued at ovor $15 amNnot over $30 pur thousand, $1 25
per pound and 30 per cent, ml valorem; valued at over $30
and not over $45 pei thousand, $2 per pound and 50 per
o«>nt. ad valorem; valued at ovei ptvi thousand, $3 per
pound and 60 poi cent. a<! valorem: Provided, That paper
cigars or cigarettes, including wrappers,shall be subject to
the same duties imposed on cigars.
Mr. CLARK. These amendments are to make
this bill conform to the internal revenue bill.
The amendments were agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three, line
fifteen, after the word " inch" to insert " and not
more than two inches;" and after " or" in line
sixteen to insert "less than one inch and not;"
and in line twenty to strike out " fourth" and in-
sert " half;" so as to make the clause read:
On bar iron, rolled or hammered, comprising flats less
than three eighths of an inch and not more than two inches
thick, or less than one inch and not more than six inches
wide; rounds Ie*s than three fourths of an inch or more
than two inches in diametei; and squares let-s than three
fouitlHof an inch or more than two inches square, cent
per pound.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not propose to say any-
thing about that at this moment, but I simply
give notice that at the next stage of the bill, when
we come into the Senate, i shall probablycall at-
tention to that amendment. I merely make the
remark now that I may not be considered as pass-
ing it over. I have seen communications in re-
gard to it which I liave not yet sufficiently ex-
amined.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-eight
of section three, to strike out "80" and insert
" 70;" so as to make the clause read:
On all iron imported in bars for railroads and inclined
planes, made to patterns and fitted to belaid down on such
road* or planes without further manufacture, 70 cents per
one hundred pound?.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have a vote
on that amendment when we come into the Sen-
ate. i am in favor of reducing the rate to 60
cents, which was the previous duty on railroad
iron.
Mr. JOHNSON. You are in favorof striking
out 80
Mr. POMEROY. Dut lam in favorof insert-
ing " 60" instead of " 70."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thatamendment can be
moved in the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS and other Senators. Itcan
be moved now.
Mr, POMEROY. The question is on the
amendment of the Finance Committee,and I sup-
pose thatis subject to amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "70" and inserting
" 60." That gives us $13 50 a ton in gold, and
it is all the railroads can bear. I suppose every
Senator has had hisattention called to this matter,
and it is not necessary to discuss it.- Sixty cents
a hundred pounds is the duty we have been pay-
ing on railroad iron in gold, which amounts now
to about $24 or $25 a ton in currency.
Mr. CLARK. The committee gave their at-
tention largely to this matter. They considered
well the" iron interest, both that which isproduced
in this country and that which is imported,and
concluded on the whole to reduce the rate pro-
posed by the House of Representatives from
80 to 70 cents. Senators will bear in mind that
we have increased the internal revenue tax upon
iron. We have increased it on pig iron and we
have increased it on rolled iron. 1 went into the
matter and made a careful calculation, taking the
old tax imposed on iron produced in this country
and taking the old tariff duty on iron imported,
and I found that to make the duty on imported iron
correspond exactly with the tax imposed upon
domestic iron we should make this duty 74 cents
and a fraction; but considering that there was a
large demand for railroad iron, that it was very
difficult to supply the iron in this country, and
that the mills were all engaged, and very profita-
bly engaged, supplying as much as their capacity
would allow them to supply, we concluded to put
the duty a little lower and make it 70 cents. The
existing duty is 60 cents. We raised it to 70 cents
instead of 80 as pioposed by the other House. If
we carried the duty up in the same proportion
that wo carried up the internal revenue tax, it
should be 74 2-10 cunts, instead of 70 as we pro-
pose.
Mr. JOHNSON. But the tax under the inter-
nal revenue bill is payable in currency.
Mr. CLARK. That is tiuc,bulwe cannot go
into that matter because we do not know what
will be the difference between gold and eui rency.
That fluctuates. We are making a law to last
until it shall be the pleasure of Congress to alter
it again. The difference between gold and cur-
rency fluctuates; U may be higher to-day, it may
be lower to-morrow, and vice Vi'rsa. We endeavor
to do what we think will be just m regard to this
matter. If you make a discrimination in regard
to railroad iron you may go through the whole
tariff and make the same discrimination and no-
body can tell where you will finally land. All
the duties on imported goods are payable in coin.
The duties ori raihoadiion are not alone payable
in coin, butall the duties alike are payable in coin.
The principle that has governed the committee
in adjusting this tariff has been to make the duties
correspondent with the internal revenue, to ad-
vance the one as we advance the other, keeping
in mind that some articles could bear a still heavier
tax so that we could get more revenue, but we
thought we ought not to impose a duty on rail-
road iron more than it would bear for the purpose
of getting revenue, because there is such a demand
for it in certain quartets to be laid down under con-
tacts already made, and if we impose a very
heavy duty it would load to the countermanding
of those orders. The information of the commit-
tee is that large numbers of orders have already
been countermanded. The committee do not de-
sire to prohibit it coming into the country for the
wants of the country, neither do the committee
desire to break down the domestic manufacturers.
They adjusted the two, and the committee thought
that 70 cents was the proper point for them to fix,
keeping in mind these two considerations. It is
60 cents now; the House of Representatives pro-
pose to put it at 80. We thought that too high,
and took the medium ground, making it 70.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the tax in the in-
ternal revenue bill?
Mr. CLARK. Two dollars a ton on pig iron,
and three dollars on bar iron. It is about 3 per
cent, on the whole.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On railroad iron ?
Mr. CLARK. On the manufacture of railroad
iron it is about 3 per cent.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no doubt the com-
mittee have considered, and, to use the language
of the honorable member from New Hampshire,
have "largely" considered this question, meaning
by it that they have maturely considered it. The
objection 1 have to this amendment is not, if it
could be collected without materially affecting
the public interest, that I would object to fixing
the duty at 70 cents, or even to the amount named
by the House of Representatives; hut the pros-
pect of its being raised from the present tax which
is 60 cents, and upon the faith of which the pres-
ent orders have been given that are now unexe-
cuted, has, as the honorable member tells us, led
to a great many of those orders being counter-
manded, and countermanded because the railroad
companies who had ordered the iron felt that
they would not be able to meet their contracts.
Mr. CLARK. I meant that they had been
countermanded because of the great increase pro-
posed by the House of Representatives.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand that. Now, I
am very apprehensive that they will not be able
to meet the increase of 10 cents a hundred pounds
upon the present duty as proposed by the com-
mittee. There is no competition in pointof fact
now between the foreign manufacturer of rail-
road iron and the domestic manufacturer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, yes, there is.
Mr. JOHNSON. When I say there is no com-
petition I mean there is none to any extent; and
I say so for this reason, winch was given by the
honorable member from New Hampshire himself:
all our manufactories of iron are now engaged on
behalf of the Government; they cannot supply
the demand for railroad iron; they will not un-
dertake to supply that demand; and all the rail-
road iron that the country has needed for the last
four or five months, and will need perhaps dur-
ing the continuance of this rebellion, must be
supplied from abroad; and the only question is
whether the companies can meet the price winch
railroad iron beais abroad with the duty which
you propose to put upon it. If they cannot, or?
if that be doubtful, it seems to me to be better to
lose the difference in the revenue which we may
be able to collect, even if the iron came in (butit
would not come in according to my hypothesis)
between the 60 and the 70 cents, than to put an
end to these improvements of ouis. Six months,
ay, one month during which these improvements
may be arrested, will lose to the country more
than the whole amount which will be^realized by
a duty of 70 cents instead of 60 cents.
I do not know how it is with other railroads,
but the railroad of which I know more than any
other, because of its locality, the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad, has been obliged to supply its whole
demand for railroad iron from abroad, and I think
that company have now large outstanding orders
given upon the faith that the taiiffon railroad iron,
as it existed at the time the orders were sent out,
would not be changed; but i do not know whether
they have countermanded those orders, nor do I
know that they will not be able to meet their con-
tracts. They are comparatively a very rich com-
pany. Notwithstanding the inroads upon their
road made by the rebels, they have been doingan
immense business, and have been able to pay 6
per cent, besides reconstructing their railway, be-
cause of the peculiar locality of the road, and the
condition of the country in other respects, which
has increased in some measure the business they
otherwise would have had. But if it be at all
doubtful whether a duty of 70 cents will not put
it out of the power of the railroad companies
whose roads are now in progress or those who
want railroad iron to repair their roads to get it
from abroad, and they cannot get it here, 1 sug-
gest that it would be betterto leave theduty as it
now is, at 60 cents.
Mr. CLARK. The tax upon ail domestic iron
would put it out of their power to get the iion, as
much as the increased duty of 10 cents a pound
on foieign iron would. 1 desire to state one fact
to the Senator, and to the Senate, m regard to the
value of iron, stated by those who are desirous of
importing iron; and that is that a ton of American
railroad iron is worth now from $115 to $120, and
a ton of foreign impoited railroad iron is worth
about ftlltj or §119. I see that the Senator from
Kansas shakes his head.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 presume the Senator has
not been puichusuig any lately.
