2030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
ernment; it seeks its subversion and utter over-
throw. Any attempt to control a State organiza-
tion aftQr the rebellion shall liave been overthrown
proceeds upon the ground that the Union is dis-
solved. What right can we have to reestablish
State governments in the South if the southern
States be still in the Union? The very idea of re-
onstruction is an absurd and revolutionary idea,
because it admits the dissolution of the Union.
There can be no reconstruction of a State gov-
ernment that is still in existence. I move the
previous question on the adoption of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. ASHLEY. 1 move that the resolution be
referred to thec'ommittee on the rebellious States.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
during the pendency of the previous question.
Mr. UPSON. 1 move to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 67, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Ashley, John J>. Baldwin, Baxter, Bcuman, Blow,
Boutwell, Boyd, Brandegee, Rroomall, Cole, Henry Win-
ter Davis, Deming, Donnelly, Drlgs^, Eekley, Kiiot, Faros-
worth, Fenton, Prank, Garfield, Grinnell, Hooper, Hotch-
klss, Asahel W. Hubbnrd, John U. Hubbard, llulburd
Julian, Kflltsy, Francis W. Kellogj(,Loan, Longyoar, Me
Clur;;, iWcfndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Dan
icl Morris, Amos Myers, Leomud Myer<i, Norton, Charles
O'Neill, Orth, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Pnec, Alexander
H. (lice, Joint H. Rico, Edward II. Rollins, flehenck, Sco-
field, Shannon, Sloan, Spalding-, Htevein, Thayer, Upson.
William IJ. Washburn, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, and
Wmrtom—67.
NAVS--Messrfl. Ancona, Bally, Augustus C. Baldwin,
Jacob B. Blair, Brooks, WtlluuiiU.lh own, Chanler, Clay,
Cox, Dawson, Denison, Eden, Eldridge, Fiuck, Ganson
Glider, Grlbwold, Hall, Hauling, llairington, Charles-M.
Harris, llerilek, Hoimitn, Iiutchinn. Philip Johnson, Wil-
linm Johnson, Kernan, King, Knapp, Law, Lny.ear, Le
Blond, Loii< , MaUory, Maroy, McDowell, MoKhinuy,
Morri.-on, Noble, Perry, Hadioid, Robtunon, JniufH S. Rol-
lins, Uoss, Scott, Smith, John B. Steele, Stiles, Strome,
Stuart, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W.
Winte, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—f>6.
So the resolution was laid on the tabic.
Dunns: the loll-cull,
Mr. S'l'ILES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Miix&r, imd been called home on account of sick-
ness in his family.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was laid on the table; mid
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STATE RIGHTS.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was a resolution introduced on the 34th
of December last by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Wadsworth] and hud over under the
rule, (debate arising thereon,) declaring that the
powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to the States respectively, or to the
people, and the Federal Executive can neither di-
rectly nor indirectly exercise any of the poweis
thus reserved, or lawfully restrict or obstruct the
exercise thereof by the people.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 move that the res-
olution be referred to the committee on the rebel-
lious Suaes, and on that I move the previous
question.
Mr. HARDING. Representing my colleague
who is absent, I had ri.sen to move the previous
question on the resolution.
Mr. COX. I move to lay the resolution on the
table, for the purpose of getting a vote on its
merits, and on that motion 1 call for the yeas and
nays. I will vote in favor of the resolution if I
get n. chance.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 0, nays 118; as follows:
YUAK-O.
iV.\ VH—Me^rs. Alley, AHi-on, Amep. Ancona, Ander-
son. Ashley, jJaily, Augustus C. Baldwin,'John J). Baldum,
Buu<r, Be.tinau, Maine, Blow, Boutwell,Boyd,Hrandegee,
Biooks, Broom.ill,William G. Brown, Cnanler, Clay, Cobb,
Cobs Cox. DAvea, D.uvson. Deimwr, Denton," I>ixon,
]>onii<,'!])•, JJugsr-, Eekley, Eden, Eldruliie, Ehot, Fains-
woali, Fenton, Fmek, G.uison, Gartield, Gnder, Giiunell,
Grt-wuid, n.ill. Hauling, Charles. M. Haiti?*, ilohnan,
" Hoichki^, A^ahel W. Hnbliard, John N. Hubbard, llui-
buid, Huiehnts-, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Julian,
Kfeliey, Orlamio Kellogg, Kernan, Knapp, Law, Le Blond,
Lean, Long, Long>ear, Aiarcy, McQride, AicCiurg, Mc
Dowell, Mcrndoe, MeKlnney, Samuel F. Miller, Moor-
hpad, Morrill, Daniel Morns, JVloriison, Amo-< Myers.
Leonard Myers, Noble. Noiton, Charles O'Neill, John
O'Neill, Oith, Perham, £erry, Pike, Pomeroy, Pricc, Rad-
ford, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Rico, Robinson, Ed waul
H. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Ross, Schenek, Scofield, Scott,
Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Spalding. John B. Steele, Stevens,
Stiles, Stroube, Stuait, Thayer, Upson, William B. Wasti-
Imrne, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White,
Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windoiu, Fernando Wood,and
Yeaman—118.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. COX. Is not the next question on the
motion to refer?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnsworth] to withdraw that motion and
let us have a fair vote on the resolution instead
of smothering it. It is part of the Constitution
of the United States. [Calls ta " Order."] Will
not the gentlemen give us a vote on the Constitu-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is not in order.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COX called for the yeas and nays upon
the motion to commit.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tlio question was token; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 70, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashlev, John I). Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blame, Biow,
Boutwell, Boyd, Brandegee, Broomall, Cobb, Cole, l)awes,
Darning, lJIxon, Donnelly, Dri'sgs, Eliot, Fain* worth,
Fenton, Fiank, Garfield, Giinnell, Hi-iby, Uotchkiss, Ama-
bel W. Hubbard, Iluibutd, Julian, KoHey, Orlando Kel-
lugj?, Loan, Loiiffyeai, MeNride, MeClurg, Mclndoe, Sam-
up I P. Miller, Moorhead, Amos Myers, Leonard Myertf,
Norton, Charles (VNelll, Orth, Perimm, Pike, Price, AJex-
andoi H. Hire, John II. Rice, Edward II. Rollins Sehenek,
tfi'olirld, Hlcinnim, Smith, Spalding, Stevens, 'i'iia\ei,
Tiioma--, Dpson, William B. Washburn, Whaley, Wil-
ham- , Wilder, WiKon, and Wtndoin—70.
NAYS—Alo^r*. William J. Alton, Aneona,Ba ?y,Angus-
Hh C. B.ildwin, Bn>ok«, Willnnn (i. Blown, Chanier, C«>x,
Denton, Eilen,Eiiii id e, Finek. Gannon, Gridrl,firn>wold,
Hall, llardinir, Benjamin G Harris, Charles M. Harris,
Herriek, Holm.in, llutclihn«, PhilipJ<thnson,Wdlnun John-
snii, Kernan. King, Kuapp, l.iuv, Lc Blond, Long, Maiey,
McDowell, iVIrlvinnev, Motnson, Noble, Peri}, lladfoid,
Kolnnson, James H. Rollins, Uo^^. Hcott. Joini B. Steele,
Sjilet., Stunise, Stuart, Wheelei, <'htiton A. White, Joseph
W. While, Fein.uuio Wood, and Yeaman—-50.
So the resolution was reft'ired.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. COX stated tliut Mr. Pendleton had
paired with Mr. Kasson.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was teferred; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MKS8AC1K FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing; was received from the
Tresidentof the United {Slates, by Mr. Nicolay,
his Pnvate Secretary.
WASHINGTON CANAL.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Wheieas the health of Uih city Is? of paramount import-
ance, and the same i* jjreatly endangered by an immense
accumulation of tilth in the Washington canal, horn which
a mo^t deleteiious uiiaMna i- continually using to impreg-
nate the uimosphere alieady charged with poi.sonon.s vapor
Itom siiuoundiug bospuaK, which, in all ptobabilhy, will be
hit gel v incicii^iMl during the pr«^ent summer: Therefore,
hesoived^ Tliat the Committee lor the Distriet of Colum-
bia be duected io inqiute into the expediency ot draining
by cuhM-it, or in some way impiovmg the W.i-lungton
canal that it may be cleansed and the health of the city
preserved, and that they repoit by bill or otherwise.
tKAVJS OF ABSENCE.
On motion of Mr. STILES, by unanimous
consent, leave of absence for ten days wasgranted
to Mr. Mille.r, of Pennsylvania.
RECORD OF VOTES.
Mr. WHALEY. Some days ago I paired with
Mr. Strouse, on account of feeble health. After
returning, though still in feeble health, I thought
it right to allow Mr. Strouse to voce. 1 forgot
to state to the gentleman from Pennsylvania that
I could not possibly be bete to vote upon the
passage of the internal revenue bill, and Mr.
Strouse voted upon the passage of this bill. Un-
der these circumstances, I ask permission to re-
cord my vote in the afliinnuive upon that bill.
Theie being no objection, the vote of Mr,
Whale? was accordingly recorded in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. SMITH. > I ask consent, also, to record
my vote upon the passage of the internal revenue
bill.
Mr. ANCONA. I will make no objection if
the same courtesy is extended to gentlemen on
this side of the House.
The SPEAKER, is there objection to allow-
ing all gentlemen who desire it to recoid their
votes on the internal revenue bill?
Mr. SPALDING. I have objected uniformly
and I now object.
Mr. SMITH. I desire then to say that if I had
been here I would have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. LE BLOND. I desire to say that I was
unavoidably absent, from illness, from the House
on Saturday. I ask the consent of the House to
record my vote upon the various amendments to
the bill in regard to soldiers.
There was no objection.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I ask the con-
sent of the House to record my vote upon the in-
ternal revenue bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sfalding] objects.
Mr. SMITH. 1 hope the gentleman from Ohio
will withdraw his objection.
Mr. SPALDING. If I were to withdraw my
objection for our fiiends I certainly could not ob-
ject for gentlemen on the other side. 1 will with-
draw my objection altogether.
There being no objection, several members re-
corded their votes upon the passage of the inter-
nal revenue bill. The vote as changed stands
as follows:
Y13AS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
liaily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John I). Baldwin, liaxter, Bea-
man, Hlahie, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Brandegee, Brooniall,
William C. Blown. Freeman Claike, Cobb, Cole, Ciavon*,
Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Doming, Dixon,
Donnelly, Duggs, lick ley, Khot, JSiig!ifh,Fain^woith, Fen-
ton, Gannon, Garfield, Grider, Grinnell, Grmwold, Hall,
Hauling, Uigby, Hotmail, Hooper, Hotehki^s, Af-ahel W.
Htibb.mi, John H. Hubbard, llulburd, Hutching, Jeitekes,
Julian, Ka.-son, Kelley, Ftancis W Kellogg, Urlando Kel-
logg, Kernan, King, Loan, Longyeai, Miiivui, McAllister,
iMeBude, McCluig, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Millei, Mooihead,
Moml!, Dann 1 Moirn, Aino.s Myers, Leonard Myeis. Net-
mmi, Norton, Odeli, Charles O'Neill, Oilh, P.ittcis-on, Per-
iiam, I'ike. Pomeroy, Priee, Hadtoid, Samuel J. Randall,
William 11 Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John 11. Uiee,
Edward II. Rolling James S. Rollins, Sehenek, Scofield,
£Ui:innon, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, John B. Steele, William
G Steele, Thayer, Thomas, Up«on, Elihu B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn, Web>ter, Whaley, Wlieelei, Wil-
liams, Wildei, Wilson, Windoin, Winfieid, and Ycnuian
—107.
NAYS— Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Brooks, Chattier, Cox-, Dawson, Denton. Eden. Eld-
ridgo, Finek, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, Heiack,
Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Knapp, Law, Le Blond,
Long, M.uey, McDowell, McKinney, James R. Morris,
Mon i?on, Noble, Joint O'Neill, Pendleton, Pt:rry, Robin-
son, Ro^, Stiles, Strouse, Sto.tit. Ward, Chilton A. White,
Joseph W. White, and Fernando Wood— tt8.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
furnish tins' House with all the information in in? posses-
sion concerning the construction ot' the iet el trim which
participated in the recent rebel attaekon ihe United States
lorces and vessels at and near Plymouth; aUo, to inform
the House why the eoHstiuetion of said ram was not pre-
vented ; whet ner any -Heps were taken to prevent the same,
or to guard against the action of .mud lam; also, what ac-
tion vvas token in lelation to th« subject of tins inquiry,
and why the tame was not effective.
HEIRS OF JOHN E. BOtJUGNY.
Mr. THAYER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Private Land Claims,reported
a bill for the relief of the heirs of John E. Bou-
ligny; which was read a first and second time,
lecommitted to the Committee on Private Land
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
LEAVE TO RECORD VjOTE.
Mr. L. MYERS. I ask unanimous consent to
rccord my votes upon the various amendments to
the bill equalizing the pay of soldiers, which was
consideied by the House on Saturday.
No objection being made, leave was granted.
Mr. L. MYERS subsequently recorded his
vote in the affirmative upon every amendment
the object of which was to equalize the pay of
United States soldiers.
ADMEASUREMENT OP TONNAGE.
On motion of Mr. ELIOT, the bill (H. R. No.
119) to regulate the admeasurement of the ton-
