1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3007
Mr. CLARK. No, but I have the information
from those who are importing it, who want to
get the duty down, and who would therefore be
likely to put the foreign article as high as it would
bear. If they bear that relative value in the mar-
ket, being about the same in price, the American
iron being worth a little more, because somewhat
better in quality, if we were to impose on the
foreign article a duty not over that whicji we im-
pose upon the domestic aiticle we should be do-
ing what was just. Now, I submit to the Sena-
tor from Maryland that while it is not, as he
say^, desirable to interfere with the operations of
trade, it is not desirable to break down the iron
establishments of this country.
Mr. JOHNSON. I admit that.
Mr. CLARK. They are now in a prosperous
condition it us true; but if it should be found
that by admitting the foreign article at a less duty
than would correspond with the tax upon the
domestic article we had injured those establish-
ments 
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator will permit me
to put myself right in this matter. I object to
the amendment merely so far as it relates to tax-
ing the railroad iron, and I do that on the ground
that the domestic manufacturers are not in a con-
dition to supply it.
Mr. CLARK. 1 do not understand that the
Senator ftom Maryland is wrong now; butlwas
directing his attention to a consideration that he
did not advert to. While we have been desirous
to admit the railroad iron at as low a duty as is
consistent with the interests of the country, we
have been careful on the other hand not to admit
it at so low a duty as would in any way injure
the labor and establishments of our own coun-
try. That is the point we have endeavored to
attain.
Mr. POMEROY. I have usually, I believe,
sustained the views of the Finance Committee in j
regard to their efforts to increase the tariff. I
think I feel as sensibly as any man can the ne-
cessity of doing it. The condition of the coun-
try at this time is such as, it seems to me, to de-
mand a very large revenue: and if it were not for
that consideration X should have proposed that
the duty on railroad iron be taken off entirely.
The condition of things now is such that it is al-
most impossible to build any railroad in this coun-
try. The scarcity of labor, and the high price of
labor, and the extraordinary price of all other
articles among us, make it almost impossible
now to build a railroad anywhere; and I think if
it were not a time of war 1 should have followed
the example of the Senators fiom New England
when they were building their railroads some years
ago, and proposed to take off the duty entirely.
I lived m Massachusetts when they were making
every possible effort to build railroads in that
State; and by some legislation of Congress I think
the taiiff on foreign iron was remitted for a given
period; I do not remember how long; I have not
the act before me. I say that if it were not now
for the fact that we need revenue more than we
did at any former period, and were it not that it
is indispensably necessary for the success and
prosperity of the country and for the prosecu-
tion of the war to raise money, I should have
moved to strike off lor one year the duty on rail-
road iron altogether. I believe the increase of the
general wealth of the country caused by the con-
struction of railroads which cannot be built at
present prices would be such that the country
would not on the whole be a loser; but I would
not propose that at this time. I think this interest
of tlie country can do no less, however, than to
ask that the tariff remain as it was in this lespect.
Now, §13 50 111 gold is paid on a ton of railroad
iron, and that makes those who are buildingroads
in this country now pay between two and three
thousand dollars a mile.
In regard to the use of the foreign iron and
American iron, I can say that the best quality of
foreign iron is worth as much per ton as the
American iron, every dollar of it. There are in-
ferior °To(les,to be sure, that sell for less, but the
best quality of foreign iron is equal to any Amer-
ican iron not only in price but in dmability.
There was a prejudice at one time against using j
foreign iron because some poor foreign iron was.|
imported at a low price and sold and used and
found to be brittle and almost worthless, rhat
applies, however, only to a poor quality of the
foreign iron. The best quality of A No. 1 rail
iron made abroad is equal m quality and value to I
the standard of any American iron produced in
this country. I know something of the Ameri-
can manufacture and I know that last yeaf some
of our establishments divided over 50 per cent,
on their capital. They have been flourishing be-
yond precedent during the last twelve months,
and in fact almost ever since the war began. It
is an interest that does not need this protection.
It has become in fact almost a monopoly in itself.
1 know establishments in Pennsylvania that last
year not only watered their stock but paid 50per
cent, after that.
The internal revenue tax to which the Senator
from New Hampshire referred, I believe is about
§3 a ton in currency. Last year it was $jl 50,
and the additional §1 50 put on this year in cur-
rency only makes it just about equal to $1 50
paid last year or the year before in gold. When
we consider the advanced price of iron, the in-
ternal revenue tax on it is not anything of mo-
I ment. All that you put on in that way the
manufacturers will just advance so much on their
iron. You might put on $10 internal revenue tax
on iron to-day, and'the only effect would be that
the manufacturers would add just $10 to the price
of their iron and sell it and divide their 50 per
cent, as before.
But I am not going to argue the question here.
We shall have another vote on it in the Senate,
perhaps, though that will not be necessary if my
amendment prevails. I think the interest of the
country would be subserved by my proposition.
I know that the interest of the poor struggling
States in the West will be subserved by enabling
them to build their railroads. They cannot build
them if they have to pay $2,327 a mile more than
they have Deen in the habitof paying hitherto for
the railroad iron.
Mr. WILKINSON. This duty upon railroad
iron operates with peculiar hardship upon the new
States. New England and all the older States
have their railroads already huiltand in operation.
We have now three or four companies in Minne-
sota who are tiymg to build their roads, and one
of them has already entered into a contract for
the iron for about three hundied miles. The pres-
ident of that road told me the other day that if
the duty proposed by the House of Representa-
tives be put upon lion, he would be obliged to
countermand the oidei enthely, but that they
could pay and lay the track under the old duty
of GO cents per hundred pounds.
As was said by the honorable Senator from Ma-
ryland, the development of the country is worth
a little something even in war times. It matters
a little something to the country whether these
railroads shall be built or whether they are to be
stopped, it seems to me that, considering the
present price of gold, the duty of 60 cents a hun-
dred pounds is all that the purchasers of iron
can stand, particulaily when you consider the
scarcity of labor and the great difficulty that rail-
road corporations are laboring under in order to
build their roads. It is almost an impossibility
now, if the entire duty on iron was taken off, to
<*o on and construct railroads as the necessities of
the country require. The labor of the new States
is in the battle-field. The great body of the young
laboring intfli of my State and the new States gen-
erally are to-day at the front, fighting this rebel-
lion,and itis a little harsh, inasmuch as this duty
bears more heavily on the new States, who have
not their railroads already constructed, to m-ipose
this additional duty upon railroad iron. I hope
the amendment of the Senator from Kansas will be
^Mr^CLARK. I agree with the remark made
by the Senator from Minnesota, that the devel-
opment of the country is something. 1 go fur-
ther; it is a great deal. But the railroad inteiest
is not the only interest in the country, northe on y
interest that needs to be developed, nor the only
interest by which the country is developed. 1 do
not agree with the Senator from Kansas, if lie
means that it would be well for the country that
these iron establishments should stop for a yeai,
because to let the iron come in free would result
ill destioyingthf.seestablishments in the country,
and 1 do not agree with lnm thatitwouid be well,
for the sake of building a road through any State
iif the West or from one side of the continent to
the other, to break down the labor of the country.
I suggest to the Senator from Kansas that a more
wise policy, in my judgment^ would be that while
we build the railroads we should build upon each
side of the railroads all the various branches of
industry which support and sustain the railroads.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to ask the
Senator whether the iron interest has not pros-
pered under the duty as it now stands?
Mr. CLARK. Under the great demand for
products in this country, almost every business
in the country has prospered. 1 agree with the
Senator from Minnesota, if he means that these
establishments have been largely employed. All
the establishments of iron in the country have
been called upon by the Government and other
interests to furnish their products. But suppos-
ing the war be over and there is not a call for that
branch of the manufacture, whatbeeomes of your
iron establishments? Then they need the pro-
tection they always have had; and you mustnot
adjust your tariff particularly to the situation of
to-day, but to the great and continuing interests
of the country; and I want to see not only on®
interest, not only this or that interest developed,
but I want to see all the interests of the country
developed.
And here I want to make a remark to the Sena-
tor from Minnesota, in the utmost kindness,and
that is in regard to the labor of the West, whicli
he says is on the battle-field. That has been a
serious drain on the new States; but he wili bear
in mind one thing beyond that, that while the old
Slates have furnished their quotas, many of them,
and others have been endeavoring to furnish their
quotas upon the battle-field, they have furnished
many of the young men that have gone to the
West and then gone to the battle-field. They
have thus furnished twice over. You cannot ex-
pect us to furnish thenew States of the West with
settlers and to furnish our full quota always and
readily on the battle-field besides. Ifitisadrain
on them, itis a drain on us also; and in this re-
mark I do not mean to be invidious, nor to say
that the West has not done all and even more
than all she could be called on to do. Ifeelaglory
in her history. But I desire to suggest to theSen-
ator that, while they have been called upon, we
have been called upon and also have supplied
many of the men which I glory have gone from
their country and sustained their country and our
country together. We all bear these burdens,
and we must all bear them, and we should be will-
ing to stand together.
While 1 will go as far as any man m pro-
tecting the railroad interest; while 1 will go as
far as any man in helping my friend from Kan-
sas to build his road, and my friend from Min-
nesota to build his road; and while the commit-
tee will go as far as anybody, we ask that you
shall consider also the other interests of the
country, that while you protect one you shall
not strike down another. The committee have
endeavored to go between the two. W^lule they
do not go with the House of Representatives, and
put upon railroad iron a tax of 80 cents a hundred,
pounds, they would not either go to the old tariff
and put simply a tax of 60 cents; but they pro-
pose a tax of 70 cents. That would not be so high
as we should impose if we followed the rule of pro-
portion to impose a corresponding dutyupon the
foreign article with that which we impose on the
domestic product.
I am told—I did not hear the remark of the
Senator from Mary land—that he said or m timated
that but small quantities of railroad iron were
furnished in this country. Sir, very large quan-
tities are furnished in this country, and it is an
interest that should be protected. I am told that
the interest is large; 1 know itis large. I did not
preserve the figures that weregiven to us, butt le
interest is a very large one, and one which the
country should protect.
Now, let me say here,once foi"all, that 1 desire
to see this country a great manufacturing shop—
if I may so speak—not only a manufactuung
shop but an agricultural region besides; that we
shall rely upon ourselves, and pioducefor our-
selves, and suppoit ourselves, and if the^Grovein-
ments of the Old World feel any hostility to the
republican institutions of the New I want that
the time shall come when we can say to them
" Thank God, we can live and will live without
vou " So, sir, while I would say to these rail-
roads, " Go to the old countries and buy the iron
