1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2031
nage of ships and vessels of the United States,
with the amendments of the Senate thereto, was
taken from the Speaker's table for consideration.
First amendment:
On pace l,hue three,strike out "six" and Insert" five
so that the vvouis thall read " eighteen hundted and MXty-
fivc."
The amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
At the end of line eight, on the same page, add the fol-
lowing:
Provided, That any ship or vessel built within the Uni-
ted States atterihe passage of this act maybe measured
and registered in the manner heiein provided.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the votes by
which the amendments were agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
MESSAGE FROM PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, in answer to a resolution of
the House of Saturday last, calling upon him fot
copies of certain orders, messages, telegrams, &c.,
lefenud to by him in his message relating to the
appointment of Francis P. Blair, Jr., as major
general.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the message be
referred to the Committee .of Elections, and be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote last
taken; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled an act for the relief of settlers upon
certain lands in California; when the Speaker
signed the same.
DAMAGES BY INDIANS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on In-
dian AfFans, reported back with an amendment
a bill (IX. R. No. 377) making appropriations for
the payment of the awards made by the commis-
sioners appointed under and by viitue of an act
of Congj ess entitled 4'An act for the relief of per-
sons for damages sustained by reason of the dep-
redations and injuries by certain bands of Sioux
Indians," approved Febtuary 16,1863.
Thcbill, which was read, appropnates the sum
of $928,411, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, tor the paymentof the several
amounts awarded by the commission appointed
under and by virtue of an act for the relief of per-
sons for damages sustained by reason of the dep-
redations and injuries by curtain bands of Sioux
Indians, approved Felmiary 16, 1863, to the sev-
eral persons and firms respectively to whom such
amounts were awaided by the commissioners,
excepting certain persons and firms named in the
bill.
Italso appropriates the farther sum of$241,963,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, for the
payment of so much of tiie awards made by the
commissioners to the persons and firms specific-
ally named in the fiist section of the bill, as the
Secretary of the Interior shall upon examination
find to be due to them respectively, under the act
approved February 16, 1863.
Mr.WlNDOM. I ask unanimous consent that
the bit! may be considered in the House the same
as it would be considered in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOLMAN. The amount appropriated is
very considerable, and it seems to me the bill
should be considered more deliberately than it
can be in the House.
Mr. WINDOM. I propose that it receive the
same consideration in the House as it would m
committee.
Mr. I-IOLMAN. Of course then it wiil be sub-
ject to the same rules as to amendments, dbc.
Mr.WlNDOM. Yes, sir.
No objection being made, the House proceeded
to consider the bill under the same rules as if m
committee.
Mr.WlNDOM. The committee have reported
an amendment in the nature of a substitute, and
before it is read 1 will say that it is substantially
the bill as printed. As there were some fifteen or
twenty mistakes made in printing the names of
parties contained in the bill, the committee thought
it the easiest way to correct the mistakes by offer-
ing a substitute.
The substitute was read.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask that a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior on this subject may be
read.
The letter was read, and is as follows:
Department of the Interior.
Washington, I). C., Jlprit 15, 1864.
Sir: After a perusal of House of Representatives bill No.
377, making appropriations for the payment of the awards
made by the Sioux commissioners, J have to express my
satisfaction with its provisions, arid hope, m view of the
extreme want of a large majority of the claimants, your
committee wiil meet with no difficulty in pi easing the bill
to a speedy passage through Hie House.
Owing to the piess-ure ot business incidental to the pres-
ence of Congas, I iegret to say that J have found it im-
possible to give that close personal attention to the claims
of the uiei chants and traders which justice to the claimants
requires, and have, therefore, in preference to hasty con-
clusions, which may he damaging to these gentlemen, de-
teinuned to retain them until such an examination can be
had as will prove to my own mind that the proper basis
has been gained, and the Department thereby enabled to
adjust the claims satisfuetotilv,aa f truat, touil conccrncd.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. P. (JSHEIt, Secretary.
Hon. William Window, Chairman Committee on Indian
iljjWrs, House of Repi esentatives.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and lead a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third ume,
and passed.
Mr. WINDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN REFUGEES, ETC.
Mr. WINDOM also, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported back a bill (8. No. 198) to
aid the Indian refugees to return to their homes in
the Indian department.
The bill, which was read, appropriates fo/ the
removal and temporary relief of Indian refugees
and destitute Indians in the southern superintend-
ency, $52,000; for temporary subsistence in the
Indian country to the close of the present fiscal
year, $153,000; and for seeds, plows, and agncul-
tuial implements to enable them to raise a crop
the present season, $18,000.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time,and passed.
Mr. WINDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLAIMS OF KANSAS INDIANS.
Mr. WILDERalso, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass, hill of the House No. 425, for
the relief of the Wea, Peoria, Kaskaskia, and
Piankeshaw Indians oi Kansas.
The preamble recites that the sum of$89,865 72,
being proceeds of the lands of said Indians sold
at Paola, Kansas, in June and July, 1857, under
the treaty of May 30, 1854, was vested in stocks
of the following States: Florida, $37,000: Louis-
iana,|15,000; North Carolina,$43,000; and South-
Carolina, $3,000; and that the interest in arrear
and up to July 1, 1864, on said stocks amounts
to $19,455, but calculated at five per cent, .on said
sum invested amounts to but $14,010 35.
The first section of the bill provides that the
sum of $89,865 72 shall be placed to the credit
of the Wea, Peoria, Kaskaskia, and Piankeshaw
Indians, on the proper books of the Treasury of
the United States, and bear interest from the 1st
of July, 18G4, at the late of five per cent, per
annum till paid, as hereinafter provided.
The second section directs that the aforesaid
sum shall, on the requisition of the Secretary of
the Inferior, be paid at such times and in such
installments as maybe found necessary, on a con-
sultation with the Indians, by the President of the
United States, from time to time; and in each such
payment shall be included the amount of interest
then accrued at the rate aforesaid.
The third section provides that the sura of
$14,010 35, the interest up to the 1st of July, 1864,
at five percent., on the said sum of $89,865 72,
shall be paid by the Treasurer of theUnited States
the 1st of July, 1664, on the requisition of the
Secretary of the lnteriof? and that no further
appropriation shall be required to carrv out the
provisions of this act.
The fourth section provides that tbe bill shall
be in force from its passage.
The bill, which by unanimous consent was con-
sidered in the House, was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
\^as accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SPALDING. I would like to know what
has become of these funds.
Mr. WILDER. I have a letter herefrom the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and I ask that
it be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
1>EPARTMFNT OF THE INTERIOR,
Office op Indian Affairs, March, 28, 1864.
Sir: fn reply to yonr letter ot tiie 25ih instant, request-
ing me to inform you it I li.tve any knowledge of a consulta-
tion having been held by the President with the confeder-
ated tribe of Kaskaskia, Peoria, Wea, and Piankeshaw
Indians, after the sale of their trust lands at Paola, Kaneas,
in the year 1857, in reference to vesting the proceeds or
said sales; also, wishing to learn whether tbe amount
thereof that said tribe needed or desired was $aid to them,
I have to state that by reference to thereenrds of this office,
I can find no evidence of such consultation having been
held, but do asceitain that on the 3d of August, 1857, Agent
M. MeCa&iin addressed a letter to the Superintendent at
Pt. Louis, who forwarded the same to this office, calling
the attention of the Commissioner to the treaty of 1804, and
stating that the sales of their trust lands had taken place,
and that he was requested by a council ofsaid tribe to say
that a small delegation of the tribe would be held in readi-
ness to go to St. Louis, Washington, or elsewhere, as might
be directed by the Commissioner, for the purpose of settling
points contemplated by the treaty of 1854. It not being
deemed expedient to incur the expense of a trip to Wash-
ington by taid delegation, a report was made by the acting
Commissioner to the Secretary of the Interior, stating all
the facts in the case, and recommending that .$*275,001) of
the proceeds of said sale bo invented in bonds, thai §10,000
be paid to the agent for disbursement to the tribe per capita,
and the balance" be held to pay the expenses attending the
survey and sale of said land&. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior referred said report to the Pi evident for his approval,
which was approved by him and returned to the Secretary,
a copy of winch was then forwarded to this office, after
which the investment was m.ide, and-tlie $10,008 forwarded
to the agent as recommended in the report.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. P. DOLE, Commissioner.
Hon. A. C. Wilder, House of Representatives.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to know what ha«
become of these bonds.
Mr. WILDER. The funds were invested in
bonds of South Carolina, Florida, and other south-
ern States, and no interest has been paidon them.
Mr. SPALDING. What does this bill pro-
pose ?
Mr. WILDER. Merely to pay the intereston
the funds thus invested by the Government.
The bill was passed.
Mr. MORKILL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed. This ques-
tion, in myjudgmcnt, ought certainly to be fur-
ther investigated. It is one of considerable im-
portance. The bill establishes a new principle.
It proposes that the Government shall assume the
debt of Florida. I would rather that the vole
should be reconsidered, and the bill referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. KING. I wish to make some explana-
tion in reference to this matter, but perhaps I had
better wait until the question is taken on recon-
sideration.
Mr. MORRILL. I think this is a question of
sufficient importance to be thoroughly investi-
gated.
Mr. KING. I will say to the gentleman from
Vermont that if the matter of the sale of the lands
of these Indians which yielded $367,000 in gold
were thoroughly investigated it would be shown
that there never has been such bad treatment in
all the bad management of the Indian department
as has been shown toward these Indians.
In the first place, by the seventh article of the
treaty, the proceeds of these lands, afterd^ducting
the expenses, were to be invested by the Gov-
ernment. When these Indians, who live in Kan-
sas on the border of Missouri, were persuaded to
sell their lands, they were induced to talce what
are called " head rights," and m consideration
that they were induced to do that and to put them-
selves in the way of learning the arts of agricul-
ture and farming, such pai t of the money derived
from the sale of their lands aa they might desig-
nate was to be applied to setting them up in that
