2032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May
way, fthd the balance, wpon consultation with the
President of the United States, was to be invested,
in the language of the treaty, by the United States
in " safe and profitable stocks." Instead, how-
ever, of consulting the Indians or allowing them
to consult the Presidentand to make their wishes
known* & part of the money was invested in these
stocks.
A part of the bonds purchased for theRe In-
dians were amoftg those abstracted from the In-
terior Department some year or two ago. By an
act passed in 1862, I believe, Congress assumed
the amount of those abstracted bonds and made
them good to the Indians at five pep cent. Now,
if they had had the benefit of the treaty of 1854,
and had been allowed to designate how the money
should be disposed of, and had taken it ail for
themselves, as they could have done if they had
chosen to, it would have been worth ten per cent,
to them. But Congress assumed to allow them
five per cent., and there is no trouble or contro-
versy about that. I only mention it to show one
of the circumstances of the case.
The Government invested a large part of their
funds, not in " safe and profitable stock," but in
stocks of Florida, South Carolina, North Caro-
lina, and Louisiana. In utter violation of the
seventh article of the treaty, the money was in-
vested in these stocks. The Indians have thus
been deprived of their means of subsistence for
a number of years, and they ask that Congress
shall assume the amount to the extent of five
per cent, and take these stocks. No gentleman
will contend that they were "safe and profitable
stocks." The Indiansnevergave their assent to
the investment. The investment was made in
violation of the treaty, because the Indian* ought
to have been consulted. They notified the Pres-
ident that they were ready to come on here and
consult with him as to the disposition of the
money; but instead of fhviting their delegation
here, the money was invested in these stocks
without consultation with them at all.
The question is, will the Congress of the Uni-
ted States refuse to,indemnify these Indtans under
the circumstances under which their money has
been disposed of? Their lands weie sold for
$365,000 in gold. Forty thousand dollars of it
was kept five or six or seven years without in-
vestment. On that not one cent of interest has
been paid to these Indiana. According to the
treaty, such sum was to be retained as would pay
the expenses of the sale. Here is an account
showing that the officer who conducted that sale,
which lasted only three weeks, had $17,000 al-
lowed to htm. I suppose it came out of the
Indian money. The register and receiver of the
land office received each $2,500. Four thousand
dollm« was charged for clerk hire—the whota
amount running up to seventeen oreighteen thou-
sand dollars. The Indians have ti right to come
before Congress on this subject.
But the simple proposition m this bilf is that
Congress shall assume the amount of the bonds
invested in Florida, North Carolina, South Car-
olina, and Louisiana stock, amounting to $89,000.
The Indians only ask that this amount shall be
inveMed for them in bonds of the United States
at five per cent. The Government invested the
money of these Indians without their consent and
against their protest.
And, Mr. Speaker, there is a precedent for this
act. I find one, at least, in which wheie States
have been in default, the Government has as-
sumed the HUeiost fertile bonds in which u had in-
\est"d. When Indiana was in defau't atone time
foi two or three years, the interest on us bonds in-
vested in behalf of the Indians v\«t> assumed and
paid by the Government. It, is a matter of snn-
pi<; < q-uty and justice toward these Indians. The
Government of the United States stands in the
nature of a guardian or curn'toi to these Indians;
but they have not been tieated as wards ought to
be Mealed by their guatdtans or cuiatois, but
raihei as step-children,and are very badly treated
nt that. The seventh article of the treaty shows
precisely what ! have stated nt regard to the
position in which the Indians stood towatd the
Government as regards in vestment of their money.
Mr. MORRILL resumed the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to ask a question of
th'1 gentleman fioin Missouii.
Mr. MORRILL, I'yieid for that purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bring n new question
before the House, I wish to impure of the gen-
tleman from Missouri whether there isany charge
of bad faith against the Government in the man-
agement of this fund, and whethet, if the Gov-
ernment made an investment of this fund with
such reasonable care as a trustee might be re-
quired to exercise, the Government should be
held responsible for the losses that have ac-
crued ?
Mr. WILDER. I will say to the gentleman
from Indiana that the letter from the Commis-
sioner shows the fact that the Indians were not con-
sulted as to the buying of these bonds, although
it was expressly stipulated that they should be
consulted.
Mr. HOLMAN. The main point is this: the
gentleman from Missouri puts the case on the
groundoftheordmary liability of atrustee. That
liability does not exist where the trustee makes
a bona fide investment which proves to be unfor-
tunate. I ask whether in this case the Govern-
ment was required to consult the Indians?
Mr. KING. It was.
Mr. IIOLMAN. And if not so required, was
the investment made in good faith, or not?
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, this appropri-
ation may be all right, but mv experience in this
House leads me to look at aii these Indian claims
with more or lea^ suspicion. This claim comes
up here in a form which, if we sanction it bv the
passage of a law recognizing the fact th# the
United Slates is to guaranty all the bonds of the
southern States in which it may have invested,
will involve large sums of money.
Then the question of fact m lelation to our ob-
ligations, that we ought to have consulted the In-
dians m relation to the mvesancntof theirmoney,
\n a mutter that ehouid be thoroughly investigated.
I trust that a measure of this importance will not
be allowed to pass by mei ely a dozen votes in the
House, for I ceitainly think there were not more
than a dozen members who were paying the slight-
est attention to the matter. I trust the bill will
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
will be examined by them before it shall be al-
lowed to become a law. I demand the previous
question on the niotmn to reconsider.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
main question ordeied to be put.
The SPEAKICR stated the question to bo upon
the motion to reconsider.
The House divided; and thvre were—ayes 54,
noes 50.
Air. VOORH fcfiS demanded the yeas and nays.
The veas and nays w.-re Ordered.
Mr. YOORIJ EKS. I desire to say a woid upon
this motion.
The NPhiAKLR. Debate is not in order.
Mr. VOORHLES. 1 desire, then, to auk the
Chatra question. I inquire whether this bill was
not repoited legulariy i>y the Committee on In-
dian Affairs,considered in the House, and passed ;
and whether the proposition of the gentleman fi om
Vermont is not new to recommit this bill, not to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, who have had
the matter under investigation, but to the Com-
mntee on the Judiciary, who have not had it
under considei at ion ?
The SPEAKER. It is not; the question is on
the motion of the gentleman from Voimont to
• j reconsider the vote by whieh the hill passed.
'! Mr. VOORHCES. Does not the motion also
include the ivfeience of the bill to the Committee
on the Judiciary 3
The SPEAKER. It does not. That motion
would not be m oider.
Mr. MORRILL. I wiii say, however, that if
tin- motion to reconsider is caused, it is my pui-
■ ■ pose to nmve to commit the bill to the Committee
■ ! on the Judiciary.
I Mr. VOORHEES. I hope that will not h<*done.
i Mr. MORRILL, I hope it will be done.
; Mi. JDliNISON. 1 move to lay the motion
' to reconsider on the table, and on that motion
■ demand the veas jud nays.
The yeas and navs we to ordered.
■■ The questun was Liken; and it was decided in
!; the affii mauve—yeas 57, nays 54; as follows:
j YEAP-.Me-.-sr-. W'iiiatn J. Allen, Aneona, Anderson,
j, B.nJy, Auyuaiti^ (\ IJ.ddwm, Jacob B. Uiair, Blow, Boyd,
• Htootnah, CiMiiiei, Dein-'nij Kekley, Ed-'ti. fShhidjje,
Pint k. Gannon, (Jitik-!, Wall, Hauling. Cli,u!e> M. Uartia,
i1 H«'ri ick, Uutelnn-, 1'iuiip Joim-on, William Jo!m-on, ICtn?,
II Knapp, Law, Lt> Dlond, Loan. Long, Marcy, Melinite, Mo
Chirg. McDovwli, Mcludu \ .V>>blef feahum, Perry, Price,
11 Radford, Samuel J. Randall. Robinson, James 5?. Rollins,
| Ro^.SeoU. Shannon. Sloan, John P>. Steele, Stih s Thay-
er. Voorhoe's,Wheeler,Chilton A.White, Jo^-pb vV. Win!;;,
; W ilder. Window, Fernando Wood, and Ye.nn.'ui—5<.
NAY:;—Me-.-r^. Alley, Allison, Ames, John D Bnldwrn,
ttaxfer. Iranian, Blame, Hntmvell, Brandt-gee. Wiliiarn
G. Brown, Fieesnan Clark, Cobb, Col'1, Creswcll. I)nvvc>,
Uaws-on, Dixon, Eliot, l-'arnr-wmth, Fenion, Fiank, Gar-
field. Gnnnell, Hmbv, lioiinan. Hooper. Ilot.-hki&s, Amabel
W. Ilubbaid, John H. Hubbard, Hulbuid, Julian, Oi'niuio
Kellogg, Kernan.Longyear, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead,
Morrill', Daniel Morris,"Amos IVIjers, LeonaolMyei^, Nor-
, ton, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patteron, Pike. Pomeroy,
i! John H. Rice, Schenek, Heofield, r-paldmir, Thomas, Up-
{, >-011, William B. Washburn, and Wilson—54.
11 So the motion toreconsiderwaslaidon the table.
|| REMOVAL OF WISCONSIN INDIANS,
j Mr. MclNDOE, from the Committee on Indian
|i Affairs, reported a bill providing for the removal
i of certain stray bands of Indians from the State
! of Wisconsin; which was read a iirstand second
time.
Mr. MclNDOE. I ask that the bill may be
put on its passage.
Mr. HOLMA"N. I think it is the safest to re-
fer these bills to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. This bill makes an ap-
propriation, and I muke that question of order.
Mr. MclNDOE. I move to suspend the rules
to enable us to consider the bill in the House.
The motion was not agreed to, two thirds not
having voted therefor.
The bill was therefore referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whoitggjl^he state of the Union.
OREGON INDIANS.
Mr. McBRI DE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill to authorize the President
of the United States to negotiate with ceitain In-
dians of middle Oregon for the relinquishment of
certain rights secured to them by tieaty; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think these bills all require
some consideration, and I therefore make the
question of order that this bill makes an appro-
priation, and must theiefore go to the Committee
of the Whole on the slate of the Union.
The SP12AKKU . The Chair sustains the ques-
tion of order. The bill therefore referred to
the Committee of the Whuie on the state of the
Union.
INDIAN KESKRVATIONS IN UTAH.
Mr. W i NDOM, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported back, with a recommendation
that they d > pass, the Semite amendments to the
bill (EI. II. No. 220) to vacate and sell the pres-
ent Indian reservations in Utah Territory, and
tosettle tin. Indians of said Teiritory in the Uinta
valley.
The amendments were taken up for considera-
tion.
First amendment:
Smkc out the words ,{and *o situated U3 to best adapt
thein to the natural facilities of the country foi the pur-
poses of irrigation," and insert in lieu ihereof the words
•• undci the general direction ot the Commissioner oi tho
Gentaal Land office,*' so ai to e<ui>e the lands to be sur-
veyor! under the general direction of tlie Uoniiiiis&ioncr of
the General Land Office.
The amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
Insert nfter the word advom*einent,,J in the clause
"shall e.iu-?e *aul tracts or lots to be t>old upon scaled bid-J,
to be dulv invited by public adveu^euient, to the highest
and beat bidder,"' the vvonld "mr a'penod ol not lesa th.'.n
three months m a newspaper of g<-ii''rnl circulation, pub-
lj>hed in the 'i'eriitory ot Utah, ami also in a newspaper
published ni Washington."
The amendment, was agreed to.
Third amendment:
Insert ctffr the word u bidder," In the same clause, the
lbUowni'i:
Ami  s(nd bid-s maybe filed with the Governor ofsaidTer-
ritoiy, at the scat oi government tlfreot, ami With tiiwtiec-
refaiy ol the fnU'iior m W1)>iiii.iftoii; such bid.- as way be
received t v s.wd Govt rnor ■-Im!!, wnlionr op* mn<j iln-.sanie,
be forv% aided to the Secretaiy ol the fmerior, viieti the
same, Willi die bid- fi'« d with linn, >hail be opZ-ned in the
pie-enee ot tin: S.-eietary ot the lnt'-uor, the (Jomnu-sione/
ot Public Lands-, and the Commt-bi.mer ot Indian Affairs,
and any bidders who may choose to be present at the open-
ing tiiei* of.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
After tiie woid shall," in line thirteen,huert the wordi
" SeereUuy of the Interior.'*
The amendment wad agreed to.
Mr. WIN DOM moved to reconsider the several
