THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16.
which you need, still do not break down these
establishments which we have at home."
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope that the honor-
able Senator from New Hampshire did not sup-
pose that in my allusion to the embarrassments
of the West a& this particular time I intended to
draw any comparison between the West and the
East.
Mr. CLARK. Not at all, I only desired to
present a further consideration.
Mr. WILKINSON. There is one great dif-
ference, however, now between the two districts
of country. The East is rich; the West, these
new States, as a general rule, are poor; their
people have just about the same industry, and the
same patriotism, and the same devotion to the
cause of their country that the East has. I do
not suppose they have anymore. I am sure the
country will not say they have any less. But
in advocating this amendment I do not, as the
honorable Senator says, advocate the railroad in-
terests. I advocate the interests of the country.
I do not care how much you tax a railroad com-
pany, provided you do not stop tlTe building of
roads, the development of the resources of the
country. Whatareany of the new States worth,
or any of our old States worth, if it were not for
the railroad system? What could we have done
to-day m putting down this rebellion but for our
railroad system all over the country ? It matters
not to me whether the railroad companies make
money or lose money, the nation gains by their
construction. When railroads are built in the
new States they become great States at once,
they are brought nearer to the seaboard, prop-
erty is equalized, and the productions of the new
States, under a generous railroad system, will add
enormously to the wealth and to the treasure of
the nation. In all legitimate and proper ways
it is wise, in my judgment, for the country to
encourage the building of railroad# in the new
States, not for the benefit of the corporations, but
for the benefit of the country at large, for the de-
velopment of its resources, for the purpose of
augmenting its wealth.
We have, as J said before, in our own State
about four hundred miles of railroad under con-
tract. The iron has already been purchased; it
has not arrived here yet; and it now seems to me
—and I am so advised—that if we raise this tax,
those orders will have to be countermanded,and
instead of the Treasury profiting by it the Gov-
ernment will actually lose by it; instead of get-
ting the CO cents on the hundred pounds, you
Will get nothing, because they cannot afford to
pay. The reason of it is obvious. As the Sen-
ator from Kansas said, it is a very difficult mat-
ter to build roads now in this embarrassed con-
dition of the country under the most favorable
circumstances, and 1 think it is wise in the Gov-
ernment to do everything in our power to favor
the construction of new railroads in that section
of country where they are most needed.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 regret exceedingly that
I am compelled to differ from my friend from
Minnesota on this occasion. If I had my way I
would absolutely prohibit the introduction of for-
eign iron. Our mountains are filled with the
purest ores on the face of the earth. This nation
to-day should be an exporter of iron instead of
an importer. There is no mason on earth why
we should buy a single pound of iron from any
other nation on the face of the globe.
But at present the question is, what tax, what i
duty will raise the largest revenue? If you can
show me that the tax imposed by the committee
will raise a larger revenue than any other, I ask
no further question. During the continuance of
this war individual interests must suffer and will
suffer. All individual interests suffer. It is un-
avoidable. We are in a state of war. The ques-
tion is, can we save this nation, can we carry
this Government through financially? And indi-
vidual interests are not to be taken into account in
the slightestdegree while thatcondition continues.
If I had my way, I would raise a wall of fire be-
tween this nation and Great Britain. I not only
would not allow her mm to come here, but I
would not allow a single fabtic manufactured in
Great Britain to enter a single port of ours dur-
ing the continuance of this war. What do we
owe Great Britain, sir? She has sent out cruisers, !
English ships, built of English timber, manned j
with Englishmen, provisioned with English pro- ;
visions, sailing under British colors, to prey upon
our commeice, until she has virtually driven that
commerce from the face of the earth. Sir, 1 am
prepared to-day to say to Great Britain, "Pay
that bill, principal and interest, and there shall
be no commercial intercourse between you and
us until that bill is paid," and if she did not pay
the bill, and England got into war with any
Power on earth, I do not care if it was the King
of Dahomey, I would let loose a fleet of fast-
sailing steamers that should make her drink the
cup to its dregs. That is what I am prepared to
say to Great Britain to-day. We owe her no
comity, and I will give her no comity by my vote.
I hope the result of this duty will be to prohibit
the introduction of a pound of English iron until
the end of this war, and let railroad interests and
any other interests suffer; it is nothing to me. I
am for the tax and the highest tax.
Mr. WILKINSON. It would do very well, if
Minnesota had all her roads built as Michigan
has, to talk in this way, but our roads are not
built yet. For instance, there is one company
in my State that will pay under the old duty more
than a million dollars into the Treasury of the
United States on iron which'they have already
contracted for or bargained for. If the bill be
passed as the House of Representatives sent ;t
to the Seriate, or if this tax be very materially
raised, the orders will be countermanded, and the
Government will not get one dollar into the Treas-
ury. It will receive now more than a million
dollars from my State alone under the rates of
duties as they stand. So the Government is not
aided any by prohibiting this iron from coming
from Europe.
I always have been a pretty high tariff man.
I do not believe in encouraging foreign manufac-
turers very much, but I do not believe at this
time it is wise to lay so heavy a duty on a partic-
ular article as to prohibit the construction of works
of internal improvement which may be necessary
to the prosperity and advancement of the nation.
Mr. MORGAN. I am very unwilling to pro-
long the debate, but yet I cannot quite agree with
the Senator fiom Michigan in favor of prohibition,
nor can 1 agree entirely witn those who are advo-
cating a less dutyon account of certain special in-
terests, on account of railroads still to be built.
I should be very glad myself to accommodate
those interests, but the question is one of much
higher importance. It is a question of revenue;
it is a question of national importance; and I shall
be governed entirely, not only in relation to this
matter of iron which is now before us but in con-
sidering every part of the bill, by the national
necessities of the case. The proposition of the
Senator from Kansas is to reduce the duty to GO
cents a hundred pounds. That is the present
rate. The Finance Committee propose to make
it TO cents; the House of Representatives have
made it 80. If the Finance Committee are satis-
fied that a greater amount of revenue will l c de-
rived from the duty as fixed by them I shall sus-
tain the committer, because I deem it of the high-
est importance that we should pass a tariff for
revenue, not a prohibitory tariff, not a protective
tariff, but a tariff to meet the present necessities
of the Government. I shall, therefore, sustain,
the report of the committee.
Mr.POMEROY. I only desire inasingie word
to reply to the Senator from New Hampshire,
who heoms to think that this is a movement to-
ward breaking down the iron interests of the coun-
try. So fur from that it is only necessary to state
the fact that the iron interests of the country un-
der the present tauff have prospered beyond all
precedent, and this proposition is not to lower the
tariff; it is no blow at the iron interests of the
country. I know the internal revenue tax upon
that interest is a slight tax. The price of the iron
has increased over forty per cent, from what it
was before we levied the tax. But if they are able
under the present tax to make dividends beyond
all precedent, and beyond those of any other cor-
porations in the country, and it is impossible for
them to supply the demand, I want to know how
it is a blow at the iron manufacturing interests of
the country to let the tariff remain as it is.
Now, the Senator very well remarks, the war
will be over after a little, and then there may not
be Lhe demand that there is now. No one of us
can tell for an absolute certainty, I admit, what
the demand will be; but what are the probabilities i
of a demand ? The whole southern country have
manufactured no iron, and 1 suppose imported
but little. Their railroads must be out of repair.
Our Army do little else when they come to a rail-
road than bend and destroy the iron, make it as
useless as they can; and when the war is closed
those roads must be rebuilt, and then all the
manufacturing establishments in the country that
are making railroad ironand building locomotives
will have enough to do. You cannot get a loco-
motive now in twelve months in any manufac-
turing establishment in this country; their con-
tracts reach over twelve months ahead; and if the
war should stop to-day, instead of this interest
being diminished it would be increased. The de-
mand for railroad iron and for locomotives, from
the very fact of the destruction they have been
subject to during the war, would increase the
business largely. I venture to say that there will
be fifty per cent, more iron laid down during the
next year, if we have peace, than there ever has
been laid in any previous year.
Mr. CLARK. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion to the Senator on this point in regard to the
production of locomotives, and the difficulty of
getting them. The Senator is right; there is a
difficulty; and why? Because that business had
become so poor before the breaking out of the
war that almost all of the locomotive shops in the
country had ceased to manufacture. There was
not a locomotive establishment in all my region
of country that had not stopped. There were two
right in my own city, but both, by the very pov-
erty of the business, had broken down, had ceased
to manufacture. Now there is a little time when
there is a demand, but you cannot induce some
of these establishments to go into it again because
it is so fluctuating.
Mr. POMEROY. I cannot tell how it is with
the manufacturingestablishments in New Hamp-
shire; lam not acquainted with those; butinNew
Jersey and Massachusetts I know they are pressed
beyond precedent and have been for a year back.
They have flourished not only up to the war, but
since the war.
Mr. CLARK. The same would be true in
regard to another interest; for instance take the
woolen interest. The Government are consum-
ing so large an amount of woolen manufactures
for the clothing of the Army and other matters of
that kind that it calls into exercise all the power
of the mills; but would the Senator think it just,
while we impose a duty upon wool all over the
country and a tax upon that manufactured, that
there shall be no corresponding protection against
the foreign article? While you adjust one side
you must adjust the other too.
Mr. POMEROY. There is a great difference
between the production of wool in regard to the
interests of the country and that of building rail-
roads. The railroad interest of the country pro-
motes the development of almost every other in-
terest in the country. The production of wool is
simply a production of one interest of the coun-
try, and 1 do not know that the wool-growers
need the tariff that we put upon it. We getsome
revenue on it, but it is not woith anything as
protection, because the very kind of wool °that
we put the tariff upon, the fine Saxony wool that
the tanffis highest upon, cannot be produced in
this country. You may bring the very same
sheep on which that wool is grown in foreign
countries, and place them here, and they will pro-
duce a different article of wool. You cannot pro-
duce the same peach if you transplant it to another
climate, and you cannot grow the same wool.
Wool is like any other product; it is subject to
the climate and the country where it is produced.
This tariff on fine wool is no protection, because
we cannot produce the article in this country.
I only want to add that the Senator from Mich-
igan not only would have this tariff increased,
but he would have it prohibitory; and still further,
the British people having behaved so badly, if
they get into a war with anybody else he would
turn in and fight them.
Mr. CHANDLER. As they have been fight-
ing us.
Mr. POMEROY. It occurs to mo if they have
behaved themselves so that we should fight them
at all, we ought not to wait for them to get into
a war with some other nation. I do not think it
is the highest point of gallantry to strike a man
when he ia engaged in fighting somebody else.
