1056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11.
body or mind,or failed to reach and maintain an honorable
position 011 th<# merit roll of the Academy; and to this care-
ful selection by those who felt the responsibility of the priv-
ilege accorded to them is the country indebted for its most
eminent and useful officers."
The same report makes some observations on
a point upon which I have already touched:
u To the objection that selection by public competitive ex-
amination will involve expense, we reply that any expense
which will do away with the prejudices against the Acad-
emy,which the present system of patronage hasdonesomuch
directly and indirectly to evoke and foster, and which will, at
the same time, exclude incompetentand secure the services
of vigoious, talented, well-trained officers for every aim
of the service, will be welt incurred. But in our opinion
there will be ao more expense in selecting and educating a
given number of cadets on this plan than on the piesent.
The two thousand cadets who were appointed by patronage
and failed to graduate, cost the Government, directly and
indirectly, each year a much larger sum than it would have
taken to have excluded them in advanco from the institu-
tion by competitive examination and filling their places by
better men ; and their exclusion by substituting better ma-
terial would have been an incalculable gam to the Acad-
emy, facilitating its discipline, increasing the value of its
instruction, and giving to the Army a larger number of com-
petent officers."
Even under the despotic Government of Aus-
tria the competitive system has been adopted for
the higher places, and it has been adopted by
Prussia and Italy. In Austria every subject can
claim admission into the military schools on pay-
ment of the cost of his instruction; and all the
appointments to the staff arc on the competitive
system. On this subject I read from the work
•upon Military Education and Schools, by Hon.
Henry Barnard, who stands in the very front rank
of the great educators, and who gives to the com-
petitive system the weight of a name which alone
should incline us strongly in its favor:
"The yearly examinations, the manner in which the
maiks of liie monthly examinations tell on the final one,
and tin* careful classification of the puptLs in the Older of
merit,reminded us ol the system of the Polytechnic moie
than any other school we have seen." * * A *
<£ Thcai raugemcnts for the genei.il stair school require
more remark.
"In our report upon Austrian school* wo have specially no-
ticed this school a^ remarkable for its thoroughamiopen com-
petitive character from fiiaU to I.im, and its ver> MMiviblo phm
of study. Admission to it is by competition, open to othceia
of all arms. The pupils are not unduly oveibimlcnod with
work; perhaps theie is even room for one o> two moie sub-
jects of importance ; but wiiat is done seems to be done
thoroughly. The ollieeis aie caiWully ranked on leaving
tile school, aceoidtng a< the abilities they have displayed
may be considered a cutcrion of their fitm>ss foi employ-
ment on the general staff; and in this older (hey enti'i the
staff corps. The consequence is that every ojiicer knows
distinctly, from the time that lie liist competes foi admis-
sion until his final examination on leaving, that the order
in which lie will euter the stall* depends entirely on hi*1 own
exertions and success at the school. It seemed to u*> that
thl< open competition produced a spnit of confidence and
energy in the students as great, it not greater, than any
we met with elsewhere."
I quote from the same work in regard to the
military education in Sardinia:
"Admission into the artillery and engineer school may
be con&idered Hie rewaid of the nio*t distinguished pupils
of the Accadcmia Mihtare, who after spending their last
year in that institution in the study of the higher mathe-
matics, chemistiy, and architectural drawing, are tians-
fejrrcd lor the completion of their education to the school
of the artillety and engineers.
^ The staff school, the formation of which dates fiom
1850, is chiefly frequented bv officers of the infantry and
cavalry, who must be below the age of twenty- eight'ye.us
upon their entrance. It is carried on upon the competitive
system, tiie officers being ranged accouhng to mem in their
final examination, the ablest entering the stalfcoips in that
order."
In the same work Mr. Barnard gives an account
of the staff or war school at Vienna:
"The most striking features m the system of this school,
both at the ermauce and thioughout the course, are that it
is distinctly competitive, that it admits very young ofliceis,
and that while the woik is considerable the sui>)eet< toi
study are not numerous. In these tlnee points it diffeis
considerably fioin the Prussian staff school, in which the
students are gonenlly older, and the principle of competi-
tion is not so fully carried out. In the Austiian school the
students are placed on enteiingjn the ordei which their
entrance examination has just fixed. They are examined
once a month during their stay. On leaving the school
their respective places are aaaindetei mined, and they have
a claim for appointments in the staff coips in the exact order
m which they were placed on leaving the school, [n Bel-
gium, aloo. the competitive system K fully adopted."
The following testimony is fiom a report on the
progress of the principle of competitive examina-
tion for admission into the public service, read
before Section F Economic .Science and Statis-
tics of the British Association for the Advance-
ment of Science, at Leeds, September 27, 1858,
by Edward Chadwick, Commander of the Bath:
"Mr. Canon Mosely attests that the 'qualifications of the I
whole' hotly of competitive candidate* appealed to ri^e I
above the general 'level of the education of the country.'
It is stated iii evidence before the commissioners for in-
quit ing into tiie means of imptoving the sanitary condition
of the army, that this was most decidedly so of the whole
body of competing candidates for medical appointments m
the "East India service. Mr. Canon Mosely concludes his
rcpoi t on the last yeai's expei tenco in the lo'llowuig tei ms:
'With reference to the general scope and tendency of com-
petitive examinations, I may perhaps be permitted the ob-
servation, that the consciousness which success in suoh
examinations* brings with it in early life of a power to act
resolutely on a determinate plan, and to achieve a difficult
success, contributes more than the consciousness of talent
to the formation of a manly and honorable character, and
to success on whatever career a man may enter.'"
The report of the lastboard of visitors at West
Point, from which I have read, I believe has not
yet been printed by Congress; I have read frdVn
a pamphlet copy of it printed in the Journal of
Education. The board was composed, as it usually
is, of men of high character and ability. It is a,
most honorable service, and their opinions are of
great value. After a full and laborious examina-
tion of the whole subject, they unanimously and
earnestly recommend'the adoption of the compet-
itive system. They recommend an increase in the
number of cadets to four hundred, and they say:
k< If the appointments to fill and maintain the corps at
this maximum [four hundied] can bo selected out of the
many American youths ambitious to serve their country m
the Aimy, on the plan o( an open competitive examination
in the seveial States, the visitors believe that ninety out of
everyone hundred thus appointed will go through the whole
course with honor, and the average ability, scholarship, and
good conduct ol the whole corps will equal that now
reached by the first ten of each class."
The present number of graduates is less than
forty-five out of every one hundred; so that, in
the opinion of the board, the adoption of the com-
petitive system will more than double the number
of the graduates, and will make the whole ninety
equal to the fust ten under the piesent system.
If this system be adapted to the Military Acad-
emy, it follows that it is equally adapted to the
Naval Academy, and I know it is the opinion of
the officers in charge of the latter institution that
the competitive system wouid increase the num-
ber and elevate the stand aid of the graduates. The
appointments that have been made on that plan,
by the voluntai y act of the members charged with
the patronage of the Academy, have been emi-
nently successful.
With such expoiience of other nations, with
such examples at home, I submit that we may
safely in tins republican country give our young
men the privileges that are conceded in imperial
France and m autocratic England; that we may
safely place competition against pationage, and
give to modest merit a chance with pretentious im-
becility. I woulji go somewhat further in the com-
petitive system. I would not have the Army or
the Navy officered exclusively by the graduates
of the national Academies, if any young man,
at his own expense and by his own study and
aptitude for the profession, has fitted himself fora
command in either, let the competition be open to
him equally with those who have been instructed
at the public expense, and let the epaulets rest
on the shoulders that aie most worthy to wear
them. But I do not propose to follow the subject
to this extent at present. I shall be abundantly
content if the Senate will agree that the competi-
tive system, which has worked so well in other
countries and so well here as far as it has been
tried, shall be adopted in the Academy.
Mr. CONNESS. I have only a few words to
say on this subject. While I would accept the
theory proposed by the Senator from Rhode Isl-
and in the selection of cadets, 1 do not think the-
amendment will give us a belter system than the
one we have. I think it will give us a very much
more objectionable system. The amendment
gives the power to the War Department," under
such rules and regulations as the Secretary of
War shall fiom time to time prescribe." Whom
will the Secretary of War appoint to make these
examinations in the various districts? Army
officers? If you want to consolidate the influence
of West Point,as it is termed, of the officers who
originated from West Point, establish a system
like this.
I think the amendment proposed by the honor-
able Senator is crude, and that if some time had
been given to the preparation of a scheme accord-
ing to which his ideas might becanied out, there
would be some propriety in presentingitforadop-
tion; but I cannot see that the adoption of this
amendment would be a benefit. I should fearit3
operation. One Secretary of War might carry it
out very fairly, and another might use it in the
worst possible manner. When a scheme can be
developed and prepaied that will give the poor
youths of the country and the brained youths of
the country an opportunity to find their way to
our Military and Naval Academies, the Senator
from Rhode Island can have my vote to cany it
out; but, wishing to say no more on the subject,
I simply say that this amendment, in myopinion,
will work no beneficial change.
Mr. ANTHONY. I purposely omitted any
plan, because that must be a matter of executive,
not of legislative appointment. Whatever plan
may be first adopted would probably require con-
siderable variations and modifications, and we
ought not to be obliged to have the law changed
in order to effect them. The way in which it is
done in England is very simple, and it seems to
me it is the natural way, the obvious way, that
would suggest itself to any Secretary; and that is
that a commission shall be composed of military
men, men of practical common sense, and medi-
cal .men. The examination in England is notcon-
ducted mainly by military men. Military men
are represented upon the commission, but they
do not composc the majority of it. I think it is
a very simple arrangement; and if the Senator
from California, who I am glad to see is disposed
to agree with me in the principle, prefers to adopt
the system upon the bill, I will go for it with great
pleasure; but I think that can be safely left to the
Secretary of War. I do not see any greater
chance of an abuse of power in this respect than
there is in the exercise of any other discretion
that we give to him. "
Mr. HARRIS. I think the proposition of the
Senator from Rhode Island, in a country like ours,
with people like ours, is utterly impracticableand
Utopian; but at the same time I believe that the
mode of admitting cadets to West Point might be
gieatly improved. I believe they are admitted at
too young an age, and that the standard of qual-
ifications for admission is entirely too low. I
will unite with that Senator or any other in ma-
turing a bill which shall improve the institution
in this respect; but I hope that here, upon an ap-
propriation bill, weshall not attempt toenterupon
so important a reform. I will not attempt to dis-
cuss it here. I do not believe that the proposi-
tion contained in the amendment offered by the
Senator from Rhode Island can ever be made prac-
ticable; that is my deliberate judgment; but i be-
lieve that measuies of reform may be introduced
into a bill which will be very serviceable to the
country in connection with this institution.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have just one word to say
in reply to my friend from New York. He says
that what is done m England, what is done in
France, what is done in Sardinia, what is done in
Austria, what has been done to some extent here,
is not practicable. I think the fact entirely an-
swers that objection; and not only does the fact
answer it, but the boaid of visitors of the Acad-
emy iccommend this change earnestly and unan-
imously; it is theburden of their whole repoit.
Mr. GRIMES, i should like to inq uire of the
Senator if he is going to have one board to trav-
erse the whole United States to examine these
young men? I understand he is to have a board
of surgeons and military men. Is one board to
do it all, or are there to be various boards?
Mr. ANTHONY, i will tell the Senator how
I wouid do it. 1 would leave it to the Secretary
of War; but! think the most obvious plan would
be this: that the Representative from each district
should have the patioiuge as now, and that he
should organize the commission m his own way,
in his own district. I would have a board in every
district, and the board should be named by the
member oi: Congress. But I have no particular
plan, though I think that would be a good plan;
there are a great many ways of doingit; and I will
not agree that a thing1 which has been done every-
where else, and which the best educators we have
say ought to be dune here, is impracticable.
Mr. GRIMES. I made no such assertion. I
beg the Senator's pardon for making the sugges-
tion that I did; but it was because I understood
him, no doubt I misapprehended him, to cay, in
reply to the .Senator from California, that he pro-
posed to have a commission composed of military
officers, and surgeons.
Mr, ANTHONY. Isaid it was so in England;
