THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TIIE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, t>. .0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 17, 18C4.
New Series.....No. 189.
I have never thought the etiquette of the thing
was very good for one nation to fight another
while engaged in a foreign war. I hold that if
we should fight Great Britain at all we should
fight them on principle, whether they are engaged
in war with another nation or not, and not take
advantage of their weakness and then pitch in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me beg of gentle-
men not to raise such a discussion on this bill.
This is going off on another tack entirely.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest, as that is a ques-
tion concerning our foreign relations, I think it
oughtto be referred to that committee. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. POMEROY. I am willing to refer the
question to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator does not
mean to misrepresent me. I did not say that we
should go to war with Great Britain; but I would
make her drink to the dregs the bitter cup she has
presented to our lips. We are engaged in the
most gigantic war the world has ever seen, and
England sees fit to let loose her cruisers upon
our commerce under a pretended—I do not know
what you call it—but under a pretended authority
from a man by the name ofJeff. Davis, and the
result has been that she has driven sixty per
cent, of our commerce from the ocean to-day. I
simply say I would let her drink the very cup
she has presented to our lips in the time of our
humiliation and sorrow. I would let private in-
dividuals take out letters of marque, and I would
let them drive the English flag from the seas as
she has driven ours. That is all I said and all 1
meant. *
Mr. POMEROY. I want the Senate to vote
whether they will increase this tariff or not. The
amendment I have moved is to let the tariff re-
main, as it has during the last two years, at GO
cents per one hundred pounds. The amendment
of the Committee on Finance increases it to
seventy cents. That is the only question before
the Senate, and the only question on which we
are to vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The House ofRepresent-
atives put this tax at a somewhat higher rate, as
we judged, than wasnecessary,in orderto equal-
ize the matter with reference to the internal rev-
enue bill. We did not, however, propose to in-
terfere with it much until some representations
were made to us by these delegations from the
raihoad companies; and I would warn gentlemen,
while they give the utmost credit in point of in-
tention and integrity to everybody who speaks to
them on the subject of these duties, either in the
shape ofan importerormanufactureror anybody
else, just to hold themselves at liberty to decide
the question afterwards according to their own
judgment, and not take everything they hear for
granted; because there is a style of dealing in
generalities to a very large extent on all sides
that you will find to be a very unsafe guide in
legislation, if you listen to all that is said in refer-
ence to these matters.
Now, sir, with regard to this tax the question
is a very simple one. We fixed a rate of duty
when we adjusted the tariff in the internal revenue
bill before. The Senator from Kansas says the
manufacturers of railroad iron have been making
money, and in some cases making very large
sums. Probably that is true in some cases, not
in all. The Senator knows that m all times the
conduct of affairs under different companies pro-
duces different results according 111 some measure
to fortune and in another measure to ability; but
it is utterly unsafe to legislate from whatappears
to be the case in feverish times. You cannot
judge of a man in a fever as you can of a man in
"health, and you cannot judge of a nation in fever
as you can of a nation in health. You cannot
legislate safely with reference to the present price
ofoold, because we do not know how long it will
continue or what changes will take place, and vei y
rapidly; and so far as the very large price of gold
is to be considered as affecting the question, U i«
offset, so far as the manufacturers are concerned
by othei considerations, the very great increased
189
price oflabor, and many other facts of a similar
description.
The policy of the country, I take it, is to get
money to support the Government principally
from internal taxation, and to an exceedingly
large degree from manufactures. If you propose
to get money from them you mast enable them to
pay it; because if you so legislate as to break'
down manufacturers or to check their prosperity
or affect their prosperity seriously, that source of
revenue, which is the great source of revenue, is
dried up, and you fail in that most importantpar-
ticular. The tariff is adjusted and was adjusted
before upon that simple principle with reference
to the internal revenue taxation; and any gentle-
man will sec on the .slightest consideration in the
world that on no other principle can you pos-
sibly accomplish your object. You may lessen
perhaps the revenue in some degree derived from
imports, but that is of comparatively small im-
portance, because although you depend upon that
to a degree, you depend upon the internal taxa-
tion to a very much greater degree. •
Carrying out that principle we imposed a cer-
tain duty upon manufactures of railroad iron, and
we imposed, when we passed the last tariff bill,
what we supposed to be a corresponding duty
upon imports of. the same article m order to ac-
complish the two purposes, get the money from
both sources, because that is the great thing, and
especially to protect the one great source of rev-
enue. That the manufacturers have prospered
may be true; it is true; and it is ourgood fortune
that they have prospered, because we are thereby
enabled to derive more revenue from the same
source. Instead of oppressing them we increase
their ability, and we derive benefit from that in-
crease of ability.
Those are the general principles. I do not
mean to enlarge upon them. Senators wili find
them running all through tin: bill. It is necessa-
rily founded upon those ideas.
But take this article of railroad iron. We have
imposed additional burdens upon the manufac-
turers of railroad iron in this country, and to
protect them we propose to impose a correspond-
ing duty in the tariff. We had these representa-
tions from railroad companies and railroad men
made to us. To a certain extent, undoubtedly,
the representations are correct; the burdens are
heavy upon them; but because they are heavy
upon them you cannot legislate for the moment
and say we will relieve them, when by doing
that for a particular interest you may breakdown
this very interest which we wish to sustain, and
they will take the consequences hereafter to a
much more serious extentthan any consequences
could be visited upon them now. If you build
up the interest in this country, as is the policy,
by degrees, you lessen the price of the article.
That is a very familiar principle. If you break
down the interest, you are in the hands of the
foreigner. Suppose, then, that we gain for a few
railroads and a few railroad companies a mo-
mentary benefit at the present time, but suppose
that, at the same time, you stop substantially the
manufacture here of much the largest half of all
that is used in this country; Senators must see
that hundreds of miles of railroad are not built
in a day or a week or a month or a year or m
several years, and the time must come when they
must experience the same difficulty.
But that, however, is all outside of the question
of revenue. In taking this matter into considera-
tion we did not feel disposed to go so high as the
House of Representatives have gone, or even quite
to lava corresponding duty to that laid in l"e in-
ternal revenue bili, because,as my friend from New
Hampshire [Mr. Clark] said, it wits carefully
calculated. Wedid feel disposed to relieve these
railroad companies and the railroad interests,be-
cause they are the interests of the country just as
much as we could; and for that reason instead ot
putting the duty at 80 cents or even at 74 and a
fraction or at 75—which I was rather disposed
to do on the whole—it was struck down to *0
cents, below what would be a corresponding duty
in point of fact. While we impose this additional
burden upon the manufacturers of the article ill
this country and tell them they must pay so much
more into the Treasury, will yon hazard their
ability to meet the call which you make upon
them, and for a purpose which after all is a tem-
porary purpose? That would not be just.
I acknowledge the great importance of the rail- •
road interest; I acknowledge the very great im-
portance of encouraging them; I acknowledge
their vast value and consequence to the country;
but, sir, I must say that with reference to all those
matters there is an interest ahead of them all, and
that is the interest of the country as involved in
this contest. My opinion has been—it may be a
narrow opinion—with reference to the Pacific
railroad,importantas 1 considered thatgreatwork
to be, that it ought not to be undertaken while the
country was burdened with so tremendous a re-
sponsibility with regard to many matters as it has
upon it; that all things that could be deferred
should be deferred. The Senate judged differ-
ently. I was one of a very small minority. It
was undertaken. Sir, important as these mat-
ters are, there is one thing still more important,
as I said, and that is the obtaining of revenue and'
the keeping, alive the' sources of revenue upon
which we must depend in order to accomplish
these purposes. It was with a view to that, ad-
justing the tax as well as we could, and leaning
to the side of tlie railroads who desired that this
duty should be made as light as possible, that we
did strike off one half the incieased duty pro-
posed by the House of Repiesentatives; and t
think that ought to satisfy any interest or any
person connected with it. We thought it was
certainly all the forbearance which it was possible
to exercise on such a subject.
Mr. WILKINSON. There is one tliingabout
the statement which the honorable Senator has
made, and also which the Senator from New
Hampshire made, that I do not exactly under-
stand, and which I wish they would explain to
the Senate: that if we were to equalize this tax
as compared with the internal revenue tax which
is laid on our manufactures of iron, it would make
the duty on foreign iron 74 cents on the hundred
pounds.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from New
Hampshire calculated it
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to know-
how he arrived at that estimate; whether he cal-
culates the currency in which the internal reve-
nues are paid .equally, dollar for dollar, with gold,
which is paid oil all imports?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly. Wocannotgo into
the fluctuations of gold. We do not undertake
to do that on any one of these measures.
Mr. WILKINSON. That is the way the cal-
culation is made. These import duties are paid
111 coin, which is worth twice as much as cur-
rency; because gold is woith nearly two hundred
per cent. Instead of making them equal, you
have just doubled the duty on foreign iron as lung
as gold stands at one hundred and ninety-eight
per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then on that principle
you might just as well omit laying any duties
whateverunder the new tariff. We inigbtas well
say gold has made all the difference in the world
and we will not lay any duties. It' we said that,
where should we be?
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not ask that tlmf
rule shall govern all the way through, but 1 do
think it is legitimate to a certain extent when vast
interests of the country are involved. I know
very well that ina calculation of this kind, where
gold is going up one day and down the next, no
satisfactory explanation or opinion can be arrived
at in regard to its real value.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Kan-
sas stated a short time since that the iron inter-
ests had prospered beyond precedent during the
past year or two, and that they had now orders
on hand which would last them twelve months,
or words to that effect. Sir, i rejoice in that pros-
perity. I rejoice in the prospeiity of any inter-
