2034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Blaine in the chair,)
the business reported from the Committee on
Indian Affairs having precedcnce.
INDIANS IN WISCONSIN.
The first business before the committee was a
bill providing for the removal of certain stray
bands of I ndtans from the State of Wisconsin.
The bill was read. It authorizes the. President
oftlie United States to appointtwo commissioners
whose duty it shall be to collect together certain
stray bands of Winnebago and Pottawatomie In-
dians and transport them to their tribal homes in
Kansas and Dakota. The second section pro-
vides that thd commissioners shall receive such
reasonable compensation, in proportion to the
time employed, as the Secretary of the Interior
may deem just. The third section appropriates
$30,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary
to carry out the provisions collin first section, to
be disbursed under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior.
The report was read.
Mr. MclNDOE. 1 ask for the reading of a
letter fiom the Department of the Interior:
The letter was read, as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Office Indian Affairs, Februaiy 10, 1884.
Sir: Therewith return a communication addressed to
you on die 9ih Infant by Hon. W. U. Melndoe and byjou
reteired to this office tor lepoit, tit which that g'-nth man
states that he is directed by the House Committee on In-
dian to inquire as to the necessity lor the removal
of certain Pottawatomie and Winnebago Indians Irom the.
Slav of Wi-jcousio to their re-pecuve tribe* in Kansa  and
Dakota.
Fioin the data in my possesion It appears that theio
are lrom seven to nine hundred of the^e Indians. They are
dUeonneeted fiom their ti ibes, have no ati«;ut residing with
Oieiu, do not receive annuities, have no settled habitation,
and are not under the eontiol ot' this Department.
They appear to bo Indians who have retu^ed to go with
their respective tribes ut the, time of their removal or have
since abandoned them, and ure now ieadinga wild vagabond
Mte, gaining a preefUioiiKi ubsi«-tence by the eha->e, p. tiy p 1-
formg, oi bejri4in«s. They are doubtless asourceoi great an
noyanee to tli.i .settleim-nts thioiijrh winch they luain, and
dining la->t "UiiHiK r caused gre.it alaim by the thr<'<iu'iimg
attitude they a-umed toward llie whites and by the com
mi"«.ion of several m aiders attended with circumstances of
peculiar atrocity. For full and specific inhumation upon
these point* I respectiullv reler to the rec< ntaunuai icport
froju tin- office, pages 356 to 374, inclusive.
1 have no doubt that the situation oi the Indians would
bo much Improved if they were removed to and compelled
t<> remain with their respective tubes; and it is* quite cer-
tain that the prosperity oi the settlements through which
they no\y wamiei ih r< tardod by their pre^nee, and that
tile Indians are exceedingly tionblesome and Vexatiou.-> to
the white- eoinpo-intr tho-e settlement*.
In regard to the piob.ible expense ot removing these In
di-ins lean only  ay, that mi cast; they can Uncollected with-
out an unu-ii.il umonnt of trouble the expense will, in my
opinion, not exceed thirty five dollar* per head, winch (es-
timating then numbers at nine hundred) will amount to
500, tor which an appiopriatiou hum Ik- mad'-, there
being iuiw no innd-applicable to thai object. It should, how-
ever, be reinuik'd that in consequence ot the indisposition
or the Indians to remove to their respective tubes there is
ic.t&ou to apprehend that a military toree will be required
to collect them and enloice such removal.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. T. DOLE, C'ommisnoiifi.
Hon. J. P. Usher, Secretary oj the Interior.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the thiid
section by sinking out $30,000 and inserting
$20,000. I submit the amendment fop the pur-
pose of saying u word upon this subject. Tins
bill is in very wonderful contrast with the humani-
tarian theories which now prevail in this country.
There is a genera! desire to ameliorate and alle-
viate all classes of people everywhere; and it is
.the theory of the philanthropists nil over the coun-
try that if you would improve the condition of the
Indian you must bring him under the influence
of civilization, and subject him to the restiaints
and moral forces which pervade civilized society.
That theory has been applied to another race, a
subject race in this country, and there seems to
be no good reason why it should not also be ap-
plied to the Indian tribes. While so much hu-
manity is being displayed in other fields of benev-
olence, it is u remarkable fact that you propose
by this bill to appropriate by military force these
scattered bands of Indians to a region of country
where they can be under no humanizing influence.
I do not know but that it might be better for the
single Suite of Wisconsin that the Indians shall
be removed, but at the same time it is tremen-
dously in conflict with the theories of humanity
which ficein to pci vade the country, if we were
to apply the same principle to the other race to
which I have alluded, and which was brought
here, to be sure by force, while the Indians are
here by nature—if we were to propose to remove
the Africans, there would be a universal expres-
sion of indignation. The proposition would shock
public sensibility everywhere. It would not be
tolerated for a moment, and yet you cannot say
that in the one case you would be acting hu-
manely and in theother actingmhumanely.
If I lived in the State of Wisconsin I think I
should be in favor of the removal of these In-
dians. But I do submit that gentlemen who favor
these schemes of philanthropy and humanity,
and who profess to carry them out to their utmost
limit or extent, show a rather singular mode ot
exhibiting that sentiment in reference to these
unfortunate sons of the forest who happen to be
living within the reach of civilization.
The proposition is not only to appropriate
money out of-the public Treasury to remove
these -Indians, but to remove them by military
force, to drive them out. And it is put upon the
ground that the General Government having
bought their land and sold it to white settlers,
now owes it to white settlers to teniove these
incumbianees from their land because they aie
troublesome. Now I think it would be better to
try to humanize and civilize these Indians, to
make them proper inhabitants of a civilized com-
munity, rather than by the sword and the bayonet
to drive them out, and remove them beyond all
the influences of civilization, and consign them
to the life of the barbarian and savage.
Mr. ELDR.JDGE. I can iuudlyappreciatethe
argument which my friend from Indiana uses,
Cuming from the source it does. ■ It K had come
from any of my friends on the other side of the
House 1 think I should have fully appreciated it.
Lie seems to be " chuck-lull" of humani ty to-day,
and I believe that it is a new thing with him.
I am further inclined to think that the gentle-
man only makes use of the argument for the pur-
pose of suggesting to our Inends oil the other
side of the House in support of his position. But,
IVJr. Chairman, there is a pressing necessity tor
ihe removal of these Indians from the State of
Wisconsin. They are constantly commuting
d' predations upon the inhabitants to whom the
Government has sold lands, and which they per-
haps puichased from these Indians in the first
instance. These depredations are not confined
merely to thievmgand robbing,but they actually
commit murder and every cnme known to the
law. if the parents are gone the childien are
maltreated and perhaps muidered. If the husband
is gone the wife is the object of their violence.
There are many instances I could lelate, upon
the border settlements of Wisconsin, where all
those crimes have been committed upon the in-
habitants. It is not proposed to drive them out
by military force; it is proposed that we should
appoint commissioners who will go there and in-
duce them to go and join their own tribes; that
they shall gather up the scattered individuals of
these tubes and take them to their homes, where
the great body of the tnbes are located.
I do not know as to the amount that will be re-
quired for the removal of these Indians. My col-
league, [Mr. McIndob,] who has had charge of
the bill, is satisfied that the amount named is the
proper one. I have not considered that question
ut all. But as to the necessity for their removal,
both as regaids their interests and the interests of
the inhabitants living upon the borders, 1 say to
the House that there is a pressing necessity for
it. it ought to be done.
The gentleman admits the necessity of this bill
when he says that if he lived in Winconsin he
would want these Indians removed. Yes, sir, I
apprehend that if he lived there, and his wife and
children were in the border settlements of Wis-
consin, he would want them removed. Well,sir,
I cannot see how he should oppose it with that
admission, although he does not reside in Wis-
consin. ltseems tome thata Representative upon
this floor ought to go .somewhat beyond the State
bounds of Indiana, that he ought to be willing,
acknowledging the necessity for the lemoval of
these Indians, to make the ncccssary provision
for it, even if they aie in the State of Wisconsin.
Mr, HOLMAN. I will say to the gentleman
from Wisconsin that I made the few remarks I
did upon this bill for the puipose of showing gen-
tlemen upon the other side of the House where
their own policy would lead them, and for the
purpose of illustrating the difference in the policy
of gentlemen upon the other side of the House
in reference to two classes of population, neither
of which, at least in my State, are considered
desirable. , , .
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I thought I comprehended
the gentleman's position in time, and I did not
expect it was necessary for me to do anything
more than to draw the tap to have another just
such speech as he made upon the subject of phi-
lanthropy.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to amend by inserting
the following proviso:
Provided, That the compensation to be paid to the com-
missioner shall not exceed the sum usually paid lorsimilar
services.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass.
INDIANS IN OKEGON.
A bill (H. R. No.449) to authorize thePresident
of the United States to negotiate with certain In-
dians in middle Otegon, tor the relinquishment of
certain rights secured to them by treaty, wtas next
taken up. .
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Presi-
dent of the United States to negotiate with the
tribts known as the confederated tribes of middle
Oregon, for the relinquishment of certain rights
guarantied to them by the third article of the treaty
made with them in 1859, and appropriates the
sum of §5,000 for that purpose.
Mr. McBRIDE. I ask to have an extract read
from the report of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"At the Warm Spring-? reservation are located the con-
federated tribe- of middle Oregon, numbering from one
thousand to twelve hundred souls. Their teaervatiou is
completely isolated, and on that account is valuable lor the
put pose tor which iti  intended. The [ndiansare reported
to have made greater proyre&s during the pa-t year than in
any prect ding period of live years. Many <>t them have
built tor themselves house*, and have opened and are cul-
tivating small farm?-, from winch they derive a comiort-
able subsistence. But for an unfortunate provision in their
treaty, by which the privilege oi leaving their reservation
for tile purpose oi fishing and grazing stock is secured to
tbeni, it is not doubted that the Indians would rapidly im-
prove. Under this provision they claim and exerc^e the right
of leaving the reserve and visiting the fisheries upon the Co-
lumbia and other rivers, and are thus enabled to procure
large quantities of whit-ky, which, besides its pernicious
effects upon them, causcs them to be exceedingly annoy-
in0' to the whiter. The superintendent is of tne opinion
that lor $3,000, m presents ot agricultural implement* and
other uselul articles, they would be willing to abrogate this
provision of their treaty. If this be yo, I know ot no like
expenditure that would be productive of more beneficial
results, and I respectiully request that an apptoprniUou of
that amount be solicited for the purpose indicated."
Mr. McGRIDE. I ask that there may also be
read an extract from the report of the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs in Oregon.
The Clerk read,as follows:
" On the contrary,there isanarnplearnountof good land
to raise food for all the Indians located upon it, a sufficient
supply of timber and water, and us location, tar away from
any of the great routes of travel and the new gold fields,
will permit the Indians, if confined to the reservation, to
be kept away fiom the contaminating influences of whito
associations. 8ut. unfortunately, the treaty of April IS,
1859, with the confederated tribes and bands o( middle Ore-
gon, provides in article one thdt the Indians shall have the
right to fish in common with the citizens of the United
States at the fisheries on the lower DesChutes and Colum-
bia rivers, and to pasture their animals, hunt, gather ber-
ries and roots, on unclaimed lands outside of the reserva-
tion. The effect of this unfortunate provision ot the treaty
is to permit the Indians to leave the reservation whenever
they choose, and they really reside «u the reservation but a
small portion of the year. Under pietense of fishing and
herding their stock, they infest the towns along the Co-
lumbia river, and dety all the efforts of the agent to prevent
their procuring whisky. The scales of fish and ponies, and
the prostitution of their women afford them plenty of
money, and render them I ss desirous than they otherwise
would be to engage in agriculture.
" From information received of Agent Logan, and from
conversations with the Indians during my visit in June
last, I am confident that tor a moderate sum invested in
clothing, agricultural implements, tearrH, &c., they would
be willing to give up the right, and consent to be confined
to the reservation. This, if accomplished, would lekeve
the white settlements of a very great nuisance, and very
much better the condition of the Indian-?. I recommend
an appropriation of $3,000, to be paid in two annual install-
ments, for that purpose."
The bill wis then laid aside to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass.
