1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11.
gentlemen as possess real merit, we should cer-
tainly espape a large portion of this great evil; and
I submit that this evil has been one great ground
of complaint which has been made against the
Academy—complaints which have tended very
much to impair the confidence of the country in
it. The scheme of tho school is undoubtedly
good enough. We need such a school, but we
need good scholars as much as we need a good
school, and it seems to me that the amendment
offered by the Senator from Rhode Island has a
very strong tendency to correct the evil of incom-
petent scholars who quarter themselves upon the
Government, and who are not, in the end, of any
sort of benefit to the Government.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the further con-
sideration of this bill be postponed until Monday
next.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I ask for the yeas and
nays on my amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, ask for them.
Mr. ANTHONY. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 19; as follows:
YE/y3 — Messrs. Anthony, J3iowu, Chandlei, Oowan,
Dixon,%Iardmg, Hailun, IIowan!, Morgan, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Sherman, Sumner, Van Winkle, Wade, and Wil-
son— it>.
NAYB—Messrs. Buckalew, Clark, Collamer, Conner,
Fessendon, Foot, Grimes, Harris, Ilendiicks, Johnson,
Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Nesnuth, Powell, Salisbury, Ten
Eyck, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wiight—1!>.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjounit'd.   __
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 11, 18l>4.
TheHousemetattwelveo'clock, m. Prayer by
Rev. Dr. Cutliir, of New York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
JOHN L. IlUItXS. '
Mr. COBB, from tho Committee on Enrolled
, Bills, reported that they hnd examined and found
truly enrolled an art (S. No. 1) granting a pen-
sion to John L. Burns, of Gettysburg, Pennsyl-
vania; when the Speaker signed the same.
COLORED SCHOOLS.
The SPEAKER laid before tho House a letter
from Daniel Breed, cleik of board of trustees of
colored schools in the Distiict of Columbia, in re-
sponse to a resolution of the House; which was
referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed a bill (S. No. 31) making
a grant of lands to the Lake Superior and Mis-
sissippi Railroad Company, in the State of Min-
nesota, to aid in the construction of a railroad by
said company from St. Paul to Lake Superior;
in which he was directed to ask the concuircnce
of the House.
WAGON ROADS IN IDAHO.
Mr. WALLACE, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the construction of ccituin
wagon roads in tho Territory of Idaho; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
MISSOURI CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissouri. I rise to a question
of privilege. I ask the House to refer to the Com-
mittee of Elections and have printed certain evi-
dence taken in the contested-election case to which
1 am one of the parties. The evidence was taken
by myself; and although it has been taken since
the meeting of Congress, and since the time lim-
ited by the act of Congress within which testi-
mony shall be taken 1ms expired, yet I will sim-
ply say to the House that there are four or five
affidavits appearing in the testimony in my case,
and a large mass of testimony presented and in-
corporated in the printed evidence which is before
the House now, all of which has been taken since
that time expired. That is a precedent for the
admission of such testimony.
I will sfpfe further that the testimony takon by
the contestant was taken without any notice given j
to me; whereas i gave him notice ofthe taking of ;
this testimony.
Mr.STEVENS. Was noticcgivenoftakingit?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Notice of it was
given to my contestant. •
Mr. UPSON. I object to the reference until the
contestant shall have an opportunity to be heard
upon the subject.
Mr. KNOX, (the contestant.) Ithad not been
my purpose in any manner to participate in the
pt oceedmgs of this House in relation to the matter
of contest now pending between my adversary and
myself. Things have so changed, however,as to
make it proper and expedient for me to remon-
strate against this attempt to introduce before the
committee testimony which has been taken out
of time, taken without the formality of law, and
taken, I will say,if the facts areas I understand
them to be, without the semblance of a founda-
tion in fact.
The offer is made to introduce the deposition
of a witness who is implicated dircctly by the tes-
timony which has been on file for the last twelve
or thirteen months in the room of the committee
or in the room of the Clerk. Now, twelve hun-
dred miles from the place where the testimony in
the case has been taken, and after the case has
been before the committee for investigation, a wit-
ness suddenly appears to order, and it is asked
that the testimony of this man taken twelve hun-
dred miles from the place where the facts are
known shall go before the Committee of Elec-
tions to influence them in their opinion as to the
right of parties to a seat upon the floor of this
House. I object to the testimony. The same
facts which are proposed to be placed in evidence
were in controversy in St. Louis; there were wit-
nesses there who could have testified to them, wit-
nesses were summoned there but they were not
examined as to that subject, and it is notorious
that if the facts charged did exist there were hun-
dreds of witnesses there who could have testified
to them. I object that after thirteen months a
man should be imported here for tho purpose of
giving testimony which shall have the weight of
a feather upon the result of this case.-
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Elections
do not propose to interfere in this question and de-
cide what testimony shall be submitted to them.
They consider it to be their province to consider
and examine such testimony as the House under
the law shall refer to them; and further than that,
the committee unfortunately are but six in num-
ber now, three of them having left the city neces-
sarily, and it is difficult for them to come to such
a conclusion as perhaps they might desire.
The law has put it beyond their discretion to
decide this question. I will read the law:
The testimony taken by the panics to the contest, or
either of them, shall be confined to the pi oof or disproof of
the facts alleged or denied in the notice and answer men-
tioned in the and second section® of the act: and no
testimony shall be taken utter tho evpitation of sixty days
iiom theday on which the answer ot the member returned
shall bcseived upon the contestant; and a copy of the notice
ot content, and ot tho answer of the letui ned member, =liail
he pieli.vd to the depositions taken, and transmitted with
them to the Clerk of the Uou.<e of Representatives: Pro-
vided y Tlnitthe House may, at their discicuon, allow sup-
plemental y evidence to be taken after the expiration of said
MXty dajs.'"
It, is doubtless, under this statute, within the
power of the House to allow testimony to be
taken. This testimony has been taken before
authoiity has been asked of the House. It was
taken under these circumstances: notice was
served, and answer filed, and the testimony taken
under the statute I hold in my hand, which re-
quires the whole matter to be taken within sixty
days.
After the hearing was commenced in the com-
mittee-room, on the second day, the sitting mem-
ber gave the committee notice that he had acci-
dentally met in this city an individual whose
conduct had berm the subject of testimony on the
one side and the other, but who was absent from
St. Louis at the time the testimony was taken;
he was supposed to have been on his way to join
the army of the Gulf, so that his testimony could
not be taken at that time. It was stated by the
sitting member that he accidentally met this gen-
tleman in this city upon the second day after the
hearing was commenced in the committee-room,
and he asked the committee to permit him to in-
troduce the witness before rhe committee.
Evidently from the reading of the statute thecom-
mittee had no such authoi ity. But the objection to
it made by the contestant is this: that the whole
testimony was closed under the statute within the
sixty days, and testimony was taken on the one
side and upon the otheraboutthe matters supposed
to be within the knowledge of this witness, taken
at St. Louis as the statute provides. The contestant
complains that he is twelve hundred miles fiom
St. Louis, where evidence exists to control the tes-
timony to be given by this witness. He represents
that it would be in his power to control the testi-
mony given by this witnesswere he in St. Lotus,
and were this testimony taken as the other testi-
mony had been; and he says that its admission
will necessitate a postponement of the case for a,
sufficient length of time to enable him to go to St.
Louis and get this testimony, and that it will re-
sult in a postponement of the case till the next
session of Congress.
On the other hand, the sitting member says
that this is a witness who knows better than any
other person facts about which testimony has
been taken on the one side and the other. He
says that he was not abie to take this man's tes-
timony at that time because he was on his way to
join the army of the Gulf; that the first knowl-
edge he had of him was his appearance here on
the second day after the hearing commenced be-
fore the committee, and that it would be a hard-
ship to him if he were not permitted to take this
testimony.
The contestant replies that this witness has
come here under orders from the military author-
ities under very peculiar circumstances, arriving
here just the second day after this hearing com-
menced, and under circumstances which excite
in his mind a suspicion about the whole matter.
1 felt, Mr. Speaker, that as a member of the
committee it was proper for me to state the case,
on the one side and upon the other, and to read
the law, and to leave it entirely to the House to
say what testimony shall be referred to the com-
mittee. The piecedent in such cases has been
for a resolution to be adopted by the House pre-
sciibing the time within which such testimony
shall be taken after the passage of the resolution^
and prescribing a further time for the taking of
controlling testimony on the part of the contest-
ant. I do not know of any precedent like the one
adopted by the sitting member, of taking testi-
mony upon notice to theotherside, and then bring-
ing it into the House and asking that it be referred
to the committee without such a resolution. The
House will judge upon the merits of the applica-
tion and the reasons for granting it, if I have
stated them accurately, and I believe I have.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the chairman
of the Committee of Elections to say whether the
contestant for this seat has not taken testimony
in the case himself since the case was closed un-
der the statute, and whether that testimony has
not been referred to the committee and printed,
and whether it was not referred to by the con-
testant in his argument before the committee?
Mr. DAWES. Theie is testimony in the doc-
uments before the committee taken by the con-
testant in the form of affidavits without notice to
the sitting member. They were commented on
by him in his opening argument, and objected to
by the sitting member when he came to commence
his argument.
There is also an affidavit in the book of testi-
mony taken by the sitting member without notice
to the contestant. The one taken by the sitting
member, however, was taken before the other
evidence was taken; those taken by the contestant
were taken afterwards.
The committee have always adopted the rule
that where testimony was taken without notice to
the other party it would be rejected by them if the
other party objected to it, and that 1 understand
to be the opinion of the committee touching the
affidavits that are in the papers in this case. They
have been referred to the committee in the papers,
but the committee have not felt at liberty in any
other case—I do not know what they may do m
this case—to consider affidavits as testimony if the
other party objected.
Mr. I3LAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, lhave
simply to say thatall I care about is that the House
shall have all of the facts before them to decide this
matter as in their judgment they may think right.
1 took the testimony of this witness, as stated by
