1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863d
•ported from abroad. Do we know that the tax
heretofore imposed was the proper one? That
assumes that ourlegislation heretofore established
the true standard, the very thing which I am told
it did not do. 1 am informed that the result of
our former legislation has been to stop enterprises
arid prevent the impoitation of iron which would
olheiwist' have been imported, and that in fact it
has led to the countermanding of orders that have
been given for the importation of iron, and will
stop the construction of railroads. If that be so
we made a mistake before, and this should not go
aiongjmri passu hereafter in our legislation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say, in reply
to the Senator, that the committee were not satis-
fied that such was the fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know, in
regard to that, whether the committee was satis-
fied that 70 cents will raise mote revenue than 60
cents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We trust it will; we be-
lieve it will; but we cannot tell.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On the foreign article it
would raise the larger revenue?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir, because we do
not believe it is sufficiently high to restiict the
importation.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17. nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Biown, Carllle, Connes*, Davis, Doo-
little, Uarlnii, Ilemincks, Johnson, Larteof Kansas, Pome-
roy, Powell, Kamsvy, Iticli-trdson, Itiddlc, Saulsbury,
Trumbull, :uid Wilkinson—17.
NAYS—Mc>srs. Anthony, Buekalew, Cliamllei, Clark,
Cowan, Dixon, Fesscnden, Foot, Foster, Harris, Ilickb,
Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Sherman, Spraguc, Sumner,
'JVn Evrk, Van Winkle, Wade, and Willey—20.
ABSENT—Mespu*. Collamer, Grimes, JIale, Harding,
Hcndei^oii. Ilovvaid, Ilo.vve, McDougaIKMoirin,Ne mith,
Wilson, and Wiiglir—12.
So the amendment to the amendment was ic-
jeeted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment of the coinnnttee re-
ducing the tax from 80 to 70 cents.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section three, line forty-nine, after the word "on"
to sluice out the word "galvanized;" after the
word " pUtes" to strike out the words " galvan-
ized iron;" after the word " iron" to insert the
words "galvanized or;" and in line fifty after the
word ". batieries" to insert " or otherwise;" so
that the clause will read:
On tin plates, or uon galvanized or coated with any
nyt.il hy eleetuc iralteiies, 01 otherwise, *2$ cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will move to amend
that eiause further m the forty-ninth line by strik-
ing out the word " or" and inserting " nndjj'so
as^to lead, " till plates and iron galvanized."
The amendment was cigreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
after line fifty-one, to strike out the following,
clause:
On hmd and Hoop iion not less tlmn one mid ono half
inch wide and not less th.ui one eighth of ail mell tluel;, 1£
C'onlb md'and'hoop lion less than one and one half inch
and not less III,in three ibuitlls of an inch wide, ami less
than one eighth nt an inch thick, and not le   than i\o. lo
wne gang*1, 11 ('"ill jn'f pound.
On b.ind and hoop iron loss Ukiii iluoe lomths of an inch
wide and lc - tlinn No. 15 who gaug< , 1} cent per pound.
And to insert in lieu thcicof:
On ail band, hoop, and scroll iion fiom one half to six
inches in width, not thinner than one eighth ot an inch,
U cent p -r pound.
On all hand, hoop, mid scioll iron from one halt to six
inch'--* wide, uiulut one eighth ot an inch in tl)ickno-^, and
not thinner than \'o. 20 wire gauge, 1 \ cent per pound.
On .ill band, hoop, find seioll won thinner than No.
wire gauge, cent per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three, line
-pventy-oiie, after the word " rods" to insert " 1|
cent per pound;" and after the word "and"to
insert the wold "on;" so that the clause will
read:
On «ht loi1-" 1 - centpei pound, and on all other dofrcnp
turn*. of ioll«"d oi iMiitiiieied uon, not otherwise provided
i'or, 1| cent p:*i pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was 111 section three, line
one hundred and eight, to strike out 65 and
to insert "9;" and in line one hundred and nine
to strike out "9|" and insert " 12*," so that the
clause will read:
On screws, commonly called wood screws, two inches
or over m length, 9 cents per pound; less than two inches
in length, 12 cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to. 4
The next amendment was in section three, hue
one hundred and twenty-eight, to strike out "9"
and insert " 7;" so that the clause will read:
On old ocrap iron. .57 per ton: Proiidvil, That nothing
shall 111! deemed old'iion that has not been in actual us-o
and tit only to be remaiiufaciured.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three, line
one hundred and thirty-one, to strike out the
word " or" and to insert " and steel;" so that it
will read:
Oil steel, in inj;ot*, bar*, eoilti, sheets, arid steel wire,
not less than one fourth of one inch in diameter, valued at
7 cents per pound ni less, ^ cents per pound ; valued at
above 7 cents, and not above 11 cent*, per pound. 3 cents
per pound ; valued at above 11 cents per pound, centu
per pound, and It) pel cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary proceeded to read the next par-
agraph of the bill, as follows:
On stfel wire, less than one fourth of an Inch In diam-
eter and not less than No. 10 wne gauge, Sfr cents per
pound, and in addition thereto lo per cent, ail valorem;
less or finer than No. 1G wire gauge, 3 cents pel' pound,
and in addition thereto 15 per cent, a,I valorem.
Mr. CLARK. 1 propose to amend that par-
agraph by striking out " 15" wheie it occurs in
lines one hundred and forty and one hundred
and forty-two, and inserting "20," so as to get
a little more duty. It is an amendment agreed
upon by the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line one bundled and sixty-six, after the word
"knives" to strike out the word " or" and to
insert " and;" and in line one hundred and sixty-
seven, after the word " kinds* to strike out the
words, " valued at $3 or less per dozen, 50cents
per dozen,and in addition thereto 25 per cent.ctd
valorem; valued at over $3 per dozen, 50 cents
per dozen, and in addition thereto 40," and to
insert "50;" so that the clause will road: "On
pen-knives, jack-knives, and pocket-knives of
all kinds, 50 per cent, ad valorem."
Mr. DIXON. 1 wish to propose an amend-
ment to the amendment of ilie committee; and
that is, to add after the woids " 50 per cent. «<!
valorem" the words " and 50 cents per dozen.
I do not know whether the amendment would
come in now propeily, or after the amendment
of the committee has been acted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It comes in
properly now.
Mr. DIXON. The object of the amendment
is to tax a class of cheap cutlery and make them
pay a revenue.
Mr. FESSENDEN. t hope the amendment
to the'amendment will not be agreed to. It will
be noticed that we have increased the ad valorem
tax from-twenty-five to fifty percent, on that cheap
class of cutlery. If the amendment proposed by
my friend from Connecticut should be adopted
t|je result will be that you will exclude entirely
a very considerable class of cheap cutleiy that is
not and cannot be manufactured in this country.
The proof to the committee was very conclusive
on that subject. We have already put tlie duly
quile as high as it will well bear. It will be no-
ticed that us the bill caine to us from the House
of Representatives the tax was put at "oO cents
per dozen,and, in addition thereto, 25 per cent, ad
valorem " We propose to make the ad valorem
dutv 50 per cent., doubling the percentage,and to
strike out the specific duty. There are manv dif-
ferent qualities of knives, and 1 thought 1 had a
paper here showing the d^erenl: q.u«l't.C3 which
this proposition would exciude; but I find that
have mislaid it; it is not among my papers, home
of them do not cost more than two oi three cenlb
apiece; and if you put on a tax ofaOcentsperdozen
and 50 per cent, ad valorem you will exekuhiiern
altogether. We gave a great deal o coiiMdtia-
;; tioiun tins matter, and the committee became pti-
<| fectly satisfied on investigation that the amount
|! of dutv we proposed was sufficient.
< Mr. DIXON. The Senatoi from Maine is e -
i tirely correct with regard to the fact that there is
|| a class of cheap cuileiy imported, at almoin
nominal jpiue, not worth overSor3or4 cents
apiece; some of them but 25 cents a dozen, and
some even less. A duty of 50 per cent. diZi-dio'rewi
upon that article of course would be nominal; H
amounts to nothing comparatively. I desire in
the first place to procure a revenue from this
source. This species of goods can afford to pay
a higher tax, can afford to pay 50 cents a dozen;
and even if they were excluded by such a tax it
would be no injury, because they are almost Val-
ueless, and a better class of goods would be "man-
ufactured and imported. But if they are to be
imported and used, they can certainty afford to
pay 50 cents per dozen. The duty which isplaced
upon them by the amendment of the committee
of 50 pei cent, advalorem would amount, for in-
stance, on knives that are worth about 20 cents
a dozen to just 10 cents, less than 1 cent on each
knife. It is plain that if that class of goods are to
be imported and their importation is to be en-
couraged , a higher rate of revenue may be raised
from them.
Mr. CLARK. It was in order fo get some
revenue out of them that the committee were in-
duced to change the duty as it stood in the bill
originally. That was a leading consideration.
It was very plain to the committeo, and mado
very plain by the evidence before us, that a dozen
of knives costing say 20 cents could not,he taxed
50 cents a dozen and then taxed 25 per cent, ad
valorem in addition, because itwouldentirelyex-
clude them, and we should get no revenue from
them. As they did notcome in competition with
anything we produced in this country it was
thought desnable on the part of the committee
that they should come in and pay such duty as
they could bear. The committee, therefore,
changed this eiause and imposed a duty of 50
per cent, advalorem. upon all classes of these goods,
which is a very high duty, and sufficiently pro-
tective for anything that we manufacture m this
country, and perhaps as high a rate of duty as
the article will bear when imported.
Mr. DIXON. TheSenatorfrom Maine stated
that these knives were imported at a cost of 2 or
3 cents a piece, which is true. Some of them do
not cost over 20 or 30 cents a ;dozen. What
does a duty of 50 per cent, ad valorem amount to
upon them ! The price is so low (hat it amounts
to nothing. The Senator says they do notcome
in competition with our manufactures. They do.
Those low-priced goods do come in competition
with articles manufactured in this country, and
although the duty sounds large—50 per cent.—it
is really nominal. .
Mr. CLARK. It is true, the priceof the knife
is small; but I submit that 1 cent or 2 cents is
something of a duty upon it, though 2 cents is a
small price for a knife.
Mr. DIXON. Then why not put on a specific
duly on this cheap knife? ,
Mr. CLARK. Because it will exclude the im-
portation of the aiticle, and we shall get nothing
frotrt it.
Mr. DIXON. I do not think it will.
Mr. CLARK. The judgment of the commit-
tee was that it would, and therefore the commit-
tee changed it; and it was on the very ground
that they could not save the importation of the
article and get any revenue ot the duty that had
been fixed upon by the House of Representatives
that thev were induced to change it,
Mr. DIXON. A duty of 50 cents a dozen is
only about 4 cents on each knife. It must be a
very miserable article that would be excluded by
the imposition of such a duty as that, and per-
haps it had better be excluded, so far as the use
of the article is concerned. If you want to get
revenue, you will get next to none by the prop-
osition of the committee. _
Mr. CLARK- It is true, it ia a very miserable
article, and if the only question were whether the
article had better come in or not, and that was the
only consideration,perhaps we should exclude it
alio«ether; but we want revenue out of every-
thing out of which we can get it, and wheie an
article does not come in competition with any-
tluncr we manufacture we desire that it shall come
ill, if it is not a hurtful article, in order to obtain
leveuue out of it. The question was, how shall
we adjust this tax so as to obtain tile largest
amount of revenue' The committee said, " Cer-
tainly it will not do to impose upon a dozen ot
knives costing* 20 cents a tax of 50 cents. vYe
