1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2035
TITLE TO INDIAN LANDS IN UTAH.
A bill (H. R. No. 222) to extinguish the In-
dian title to lands in the Territory of Utah suit-
able for agricultura1 and mineral purposes, with
the amendment thereto in the nature of a substi-
tute, was next taken up.
The substitute, which was read, authorizes the
President of the United States, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to enter into
treaties with the various tribes of Indians of Utah
Territory, upon such terms as may be deemed just
to the Indians and beneficial to the Government
of the United States, provided such treaties shall
provide for the absolute surrender to the United
States, by the Indians, of their possessory right
to all agricultural and mineral lands in the Terri-
tory except such agricultural lands as by trea-
ties may be set apart for reservations for the
Indians; and provided also that all such reser-
vations shall be selected at points as remote as
may be practicable from the present settlements
in Utah Territory. It further provides that m
agreeing with the Indians upon the amounts to
be paid to them under the provisions of the trea-
ties to be negotiated in pursuanreof the act, care
shall be taken to obtain from the Indians, to the
greatest possible extent, their consent to receive
for such payments agricultural implements, stock,
and other useful articles rather than money.
The bill further appropriates the sum of $25,000
to carry out the provisions of the act.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe there is no provis-
ion m the substitute for the appointment of any
agents. Is there a general provision of law fix-
ing the salaries of agents who maybe appointed?
Mr. WINDOiYT. There is. Tins substitute
was prepared by the Secretary of the interior,
and it meets with his approbation.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. WINDOM. I move that the committee
rise and report the several bills to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Elaine reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according tooider, had the stateof the Union
generally under consideration, and especially cer-
tain bills referred to it from the Committee on
Indian Affairs; and had directed him to report the
same to the House, two with and one without
amendments.
WISCONSIN INDIANS.
The House pioceeded to the consideration of
the bills reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, as follows:
A bill (H. R. No. 441) providing for the re-
moval of certain stray bands of Indians from the
State of Wisconsin; reported to the House with
an amendment.
Mr. WINDOM demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The first question being on the amendment, it
was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WINDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsidcr on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIANS IN OREGON.
A bill (H. R. No. 442) to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States to negotiate with certain
Indians in middle Oregon for the relinquishment
of certain rights secured to them by treaty was
next taken up, ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. McBRlDE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN LANDS IN UTAH.
A bill to relinquish the Indian title to lands in
the Teriitoiy of Utah suitable for agricultural
and niuunul putpuses, reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute, \vas next taken up.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the bill upon
the table; and upon that I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. McIndoe and
Mr. Scott were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 18, noes 80.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The substitute reported from the Committee of
tho Whole was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WINDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STAFF OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce and
have passed a joint resolution, to which I think
there will be no objection. It isa joint resolution
in relation to the pay of staff officers of the Lieu-
tenant General.
The joint resolution was read. It provides that
staff officers on the staff of the Lieutenant Gen-
eral shall be entitled to receive the same pay,
emoluments, and allowances as staff officers of the
same grade on the staffs of corps commanders, the
same to take effect on the day of their appoint-
ment on the staff of the Lieutenant General.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ifthe House
desires any explanation on the subject, I will send
up a letter from the Lieutenant General. [Cries
of " Oh, no!" and "All right!"]
The joint resolution was received and read a
first and second time.
It was then ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MINNESOTA RAILROAD GRANT.
Mr. DONNELLY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table Senate bill No. 33, making a grant of lands
to the Mississippi and Lake Superior Railroad
Company in the State of Minnesota, to aid in the
construction of the lailroad of said company from
St. Paul to Lake Superior. The bill passed the
House with certain amendments; and the Senate
has made certain amendments to those amend-
ments, winch arc chiefly of a. verbal and unim-
portant churucter. I ask that the bill be taken
up, and that the House concur in those amend-
ments.
The amendments of the Senate were read, and,
no objection being made, the bill was taken up.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire of the Chair
what would be the effect of a motion to lay the
amendments of the Senate upon the table?
TheSPEAlvER. Itwould carry the bili with it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I make that motion.
Mr. DONNELLY. Letme say that the prin-
cipal amendment of the Senate limits the company
to the alternate sections, whereas theamendment
of the House allowed them to take lands witkm ;
fifteen miles from any of the sections. The :
amendment of the Senate is, therefore, against
the railroad company and for the benefit of the
Government.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to the
amendments of the Senate. But this bill, and the
series of bills of which it is one, passed through
the House, m the first place without more tlmn
the usual consideration, and no test vote as to the
policy of appropriating public lands for this pur-
pose has yet been taken. I have no more ob-
jection to this bill tnan I have to ail of the series
of bills of this character which will be brought
before the House for consideration by Senate
amendments, i make the motion to lay upon the
table for the purpose of calling the attention of
the House to the question, so that we may decide
upon the record whether we propose to appro-
priate this vast body of public lands for this pur-
pose at this time, jvhen every acre of'the public
domain ought, if possible, to lie retained as Ihe
basis upon which the credit of the country shall
rest, or else for the next best purpose, that of
providing homesteads for actual settlers. It is
for that reason and that only, that-1 make the
motion.
Mr. DONNELLY. I will say, with the gen-
tleman's permission, that it is hardly fair to raise
this question at this time. This bill has passed the
House. The amendments of the Senate, nowbe-
fore us, are either merely verbal or are against the
interests of the railroad company. I trust that if
the question of the appropriation of public lands
for railroad purposes is to be raised in this House
it will not be upon this bill or at this stage. His
not fair, Mr. Speaker, and especially upon a mo-
tion which precludes debate,to raise thatquestion.
I am occupying the floor only by the sufferance
of the gentleman from Indiana,
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the motion to lay
on the table unconditionally.
Mr. DONNELLY. I will say, then—although
I did not expect to have to discuss this question
at this time—thatifany bill which has passed'this
House appropriating lands for railroad purposes
has merit, this certainly is that bill. It proposes
L> connect the great Mississippi valley, around
the head waters of which our State lies, with the
head ofLake Superior, forming part of the north-
eastern boundary of our State. It thus proposes
a connection between the two great navigable wa-
ter systems of our country, the Mississippi river
and its tributaries, and the chain of great lakes.
Thfe distance between those two water systems
is one hundred and forty miles. The greater part
of that distance is through a country of compara-
tively little value, most of it being in the nature
ofa water-shed, as it is termed, the land being to
a great extent poor and swampy.
This road affords to the people of Minnesota
an outlet to the great lakes. Before the outbreak
of the rebellion the outlet for the grain crop of
our State was, to a great extent, by way of the
Mississippi valley to the city of St. Louis. The
war and the derangements of commerce conse-
quent upon it have interfered with that outlet, and
the people of Minnesota now have to reach
commercial market by way of the great lakes.
Heretofore their course has been over the rail-
roads running across the Stateof Wisconsin to
Lake Michigan, a distance in all of three or four
hundred miles. The people of Minnesota are a
frontier people, and are dependent entirely for
their prosperity upon the growth of wheat and
the other ccreals. And I say to this House that
the monopoly of the Wisconsin- railroads, by
means of which alone our people gain an outlet
to the great lakes, is worse than the monopoly of
which we have heard so much here of the rail-
roads running acioss the Stateof New Jersey.
Three or four years ago these railroads carried
the wheat raised by the farmers of Minnesota at
the rate of from eight cents to twelve cents a
bushel; the next year the rate of freight was raised
to fifteen cents a bushel, and the following year
to eighteen and twenty cents a bushel; and now
it is proposed, as I am informed, to tax the raisers
of wheat thirty cents a bushel. The House can
easily see that where wheat is raised in the frofit-
lerStatesataconsiderabledistance from the great
markets, the imposition of such a tax as this is
the virtual annihilation of the main support of the
people, and the destruction of the industry of the
State. They therefore unanimously ask Congress
for a grant of land to enable them t«> construct this
road, one hundred and forty miles in length, from
the head of navigation of the Mississippi river to
the head ofLake Superior. So important do the
people of my State esteem this measure to all their
interests, that the State has already granted to
this railroad company a grant of the swamp lands
lying within a certain distance of the road, and
the city of St. Paul, the capital of the State, has
voted #§50,000 as a bonus to the company. Our
whole people watch the course of this bili with
the greatest anxiety, because, as I have attempted
to show, their agricultural prosperity rests upon
its passage.
I have nothing to say, Mr. Speaker, as to other
land grants made by Congress for similar pur-
poses. I have no doubt they have been ail proper
and just; but 1 will say one word in answer to
that doctrine which has been very extensively
