1060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
idle to pass it. If the resolution does instruct the
committee to treat the evidence taken yesterday
and the day before as competent testimony before
them, then the House should understand the fact.
I should hesitate to so instruct the committee, be-
cause it would be in the face of all law, and would
be establishing a dangerous precedent. The ques-
tion is sim.ply as to the meaning of the resolution.
If it is a nullity, it is idle to pass it. If it instructs
the committee, it is dangerous as a precedent.
Mr. DUMONT. It is admitted by the chairman
of the Committee of Elections that these ex parte
affiilavits'taken out of time by the contesting mem-
ber have not been yet ruled out. The question is
propounded to him directly, and he says that al-
though ho takes it for granted that nobody will
regard these ex parte affidavits as testimony, yet
that they have not been ruled out. Then, sir, I
conceive that if they are still before the commit-
tee, nobody can foresee what action the commit-
tee may take on them. Even if the chairman of
the committee were to state that they would be
ruled out, he cannot know that they.will be ruled
out. True, he is an influential member of the
committee, and is at the head of the committee,
but it" he were to get up here and state that these
affidavits would be ruled out, he would be stating
what he cannot possibly know. He says that ho
takes it for granted that nobody will regard these
ex purte affidavits as testimony. I think that in
taking that for granted he is probably on the right
track; but they are before the committee. They are
e? parte affidavits; they were taken out of time; and
that is all that is said in regard to the testimony
how sought to be referred to the committee.
I say, therefore, that when we know that sim-
ilar testimony is before the committee, and that it
has not been ruled out, it is perfectly fair and
equitable to refer this testimony to the same com-
mittee to stand upon exactly the same -terms.
What is the chaincter of the motion? It could
not be fairer. It is that this testimony be referred
to the committee in order to get it out of the hands
of the House, so that the House may go on with
their business, the committee to judge of its ad-
missibility. They will have an'opportunity to
do so under this motion, and I think exceedingly
fairly, and so that both parties can be perfectly
satisfied. The committee will then have before
them a mass of testimony on both sides, stand-
ing exactly in the same category, taken out of
time, and ex parte in its character; ami if they re-
gard tliu testimony on one side as inadmissible,
they will legnrd the testimony on the other stile
in the same way.
I know neither of these gentlemen, and tim no
partisan in regard to their contest; but let us act
fairly in this matter, and refer this testimony to
the Committee of Elections, an intelligent com-
mittee, witha gentleman of experience a'titshead,
and well qualified to judge whether this testimony
is admissible or not.
I think, however, that the wording of the mo-
tion of reference as it is written down is not quite
right. It reads that this testimony " shall have
the snme weight" as the other testimony of the
same character now before the committee. Now,
" weight" is not the pioper word. The weight of
evidence is to be, judged of by those before whom
it comes. The weight of the testimony reteis to
the credibility of the witness, to the amount of
credit due to the testimony, and not to its admis-
sibility. I would have no objection at all that
the resolution of reference should state that this
testimony shall be " treated in the same way,"
but'it is not for ns to judge in regard to the weight
itshallhave. That depends upon its own intrinsic
merit, and is not to be judged of on a motion of
reference.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. • I am perfectly will-
ing to modify my motion by striking out that
about " weight," and to say that this testimony
shall be " treated in the same way," &c.
The iSPEAXvER. The Chair so wrote the mo-
tion, but the gentleman from Missouri suggested
the- adding of the word to which the gentleman
from Indiana objects.
Air. BLAIR, of Missouri. 1 merely objected
to the words which the Chair had put in.
The SPEAKER. The motion will then be
modified so as to read, " be referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections and printed, and to be consid-
ered by the committee in the same way as other
evidence before the committee taken after the time
prescribed by law." Is it now in the shape in
which the gentleman from Missouri desires it?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. If I understand what has
taken place here, there is a question of document-
ary evidence standing upon an entirely different
footing, but this resolution would put them all
upon the same footing.
Mr. DAWES. In the case of Vallandigham
against Campbell, there was sought to be intro-
duced by the sitting member some documentary
evidence, records from the office of the secre-
tary of State of Ohio. It was evidence brought
by him or his counsel before the committee. Upon
the hearing, it was objected on the other side that
it was testimony which ought to have been taken
with the rest within the sixty days. The ques-
tion came before the House and was passed upon
by the House, and the decision made forms a pre-
cedent, either to be regarded or disregarded; and
that same question comes up in this case. There
is a documentary evidence, certified copies, cer-
tified in a way which one party says is sufficient
and the other says is insufficient, but certified
since the sixty days expired.
Mr. STEVENS. What I want to ask the
chaiiman is this, whether these copies are copies
of evidence that existed before the expiration of
the sixty days ?
Mr. DAWES. They are copies, forinstance,
of muster-rolls and of poll-books. The muster-
rolls and poll-books, of course, existed before the
termination of the sixty days, but the copies pro-
duced here-as evidence did not exist within the
sixty days. '
Mr. STEVENS. I consider the originals as
evidence. These are mere certificates of the ex-
istence of evidence.
Mr. DAWES. That indicates how the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will be on the prece-
dent adopted in the Campbell and Vallandigham
case.
Mr. STEVENS. I did nothearwhatthat was.
Mr. DAWES. It was precisely such a case.
It was a certificate from the secretary of State of
Ohio as to the result of the election. The certifi-
cate was obtained after the sixty days. The ob-
jection was made that that was testimony within
the meaning of the statute, and that it should have
been taken and made a part of the record, so as to
enable the other party to introduce testimony
bearing on the same point;
Mr. STEVENS. And how was it decided?
Mr. DAWES. Gentlemen on this side voted
one way, and gentlemen on the other side voted
the opposite way. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVUNS. i move further to amend the
resolution by adding, " provided that this resolu-
tion refers only to depositions and affidavits, and
that all such, illegally taken, shall not be consid-
ered by the committee."
Mr. COX. I am opposed to that amendment
for this reason: 1 would agree to it were it not
for tlie fact which has been developed here, that
these affidavits have been already read and con-
sidered by the committee, and they have been
ruled out after they have entered within the minds
of the committee. There is no casuistry so fine
as to exclude an impression fiotn such a reading.
It would seem to be fair, therefore, that these
other affidavits or depositions, which are in the
same category, shouhi have the same reading by
the committee, and should be sent back to the
House with the original affidavits. Wo are judges
of these matters. We act as a judiciary; and 1
would be always in favor of receiving the largest
amount of testimony with a view-to the investi-
gation of truth. That is the object of all testi-
mony, and, ill case of doubt, to get all the facts
possible.
I would allow this committee to judge as to
whether this testimony shouhi have more or less
weight. If it be entitled to less weight because
taken without notice, very well; let the committee
judge. If it be entitled to weigh before the com-
mittee at all, it is entitled to weigh before the
House also; and they ought to be both placed in
the same position precisely. I think the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania will cut
off the proper impiession that ought to be giveii i
by the reading of these affidavits and of the dep- i
ositions now sought to be referred. That would I
be equal and exact justice to both parties, !
Mr. STEVENS. I think my amendment does !
put them both on the same footing. _ They will
both go to the committee for examination. If
illegally taken they will be rejected; if legally taken
they will be considered. The rules of evidence
are framed for the purpose of getting at truth ac-
cording to law, and to avoid error. One of these
rules is, that if in any case,inad vertently or oth-
erwise, the court has admitted evidence that is
illegal, the court shall direct the jury not to take,
it into consideration. -That is the every-day prac-
tice, and that is all that can be said here. If these
affidavits are illegally taken they have no business
to be on the record at all. As the one has gone
without consideration by the House before the
committee, I propose that the other shall take the
same course. That is fair and equal to both, and
is according to what the law requires.
Mr. DUMONT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the word "pro-
vided," and adding in lieu of it the words, " that
this resolution shall not apply to record testi-
mony," so that all of this record testimony that
is regarded as good will still remain in therecord.
Record testimony can be introduced on a trial in
any court of justice. I want the amendment
giving discretionary power to the committee to
rule out testimony shall not apply to record testi-
mony.
Mr. BENNET. Mr. Speaker, I wish in this
connection to state a precedent. During the ses-
sion of 1856, in my case against Bird E. Chap-
man, the sitting Delegate from the Territory of
Nebraska, after the majority report of the Com-
mittee of Elections was made, the sitting mem-
ber took affidavits in this city. These affidavits
were never submitted to the committee, nor did
the committee first authorize them to be taken,
nor was notice given to the contestant of the in-
tention to take such testimony. These affidavits
were included in the minority report to sustain
the sitting Delegate.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Mr. Speaker, this
whole matter rests with the Committee of Elec-
tions. The power is given to them to determine
the validity or invalidity of any testimony be-
fore them. They are clothed with that legal
power of judgment, and it is a power that they
should exercise. I do not know how the resolu-
tion of this House is going to make testimony
legal which is not legal. We ought not to estab-
lish any such precedent as that. If that commit-
tee has testimony before them winch, on prece-
dent or legal principle, is wrong, they have the
power to strike it out. This case comes before
them, and will have to be decided upon testimony
that is legal, and upon no other.
I do not know why this question comes up be-
fore the House in thisshape. This committeedo
not want any instruction of what is the law.
They were constituted a committee for the very
purpose of determining that question. Itis there,
and they should decide it.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. Dumont'si amendment to the amendment
was rejected.
The question then recurred on Mr. Stevens's
amendment; and on a division, there were—ayes
51, noes 39.
Mr. COX demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Diimo.vt were appointed.
The amendment was agreed to; the tellers hav-
ing reported—ayes 59, noes 33.
The resolution, as amended, was then adopted,
INDIAN INTERCOURSE.
The SPEAKER stated the first question in or-
der to be the consideration of an act(S. No. 120)
to amend an act entitled " An act to regulate trade
and intercourse with Indian tribes, and to pre-
serve peace on the frontiers," approved June 30,
1834, the pending question being on ordering the
main question to be now put.
The main question was ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WILSON demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was passed.
