2036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May
broached here of late—that we should reserve
these lands for the benefit of the creditors of the
country. On the route on which this road is pro*
posed to be run, the lands have been in the market
for twelve^reais withoutbeing purchased*, not an
offer has been made to purchase them; and they
will remain a quarter of a century longer without
being purchased unless they are opened up by
this railroad. If you would make the public lands
valuable to the nation it must be by their devel-
opment. If ypu go to any of the land offices in
my State, eve# in the most favored regions, as,
for instance, the country west of St. Cloud, you
will find whole tractsof country,entire counties,
that have been put up for sale without finding
purchasers. Lands in such a condition are not
a security, and are of no benefit to the country;
but if you do as proposed here, if you encour-
age capita) to build great lines of roads through
them, the Government reserving to itself the al-
ternate sections, those alternate sections will be
worth more than the whole land before the grant
was made; the country will be settled up and be-
come populated, and you can then obtain a ready
sale and a remunerative price for your lands, and
in addition you will find that you have added to
the taxable population of the country new, vast,
and prosperous communities.
1 shall not trespass further upon the time of
the House, except to repeat that I think it unfair
and unjust to raise such a question at this stage
of the bill. This bill was introduced into the
Senate, at the commencement of the session; was
passed by the Senate; was for two months in the
hands of the Committee of the House on Public
Lands, was reported back unanimously by the
committee, (with the exception of one member
[Mr. Dawson! from Pennsylvania,) and passed
this House without division; and I therefore think
it most unfair and unjust to raise such a question
at this time and in this manner. Let the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Holman] introduce a
prospective resolution, declaring it to be the sense
of the House that no more such land grantsshall
be made; and let him test the senscof ihe House
fairly and fully on that question. Or let him at-
tack, if he chooses, all the otherbillaofthis char-
acter, of Wisconsin, Iowa, Michigan, &c., and
a k for a reconsideration of the vote by which
they all passed; but let him not raise a general
and abstract question of public policy on tins
particular local measure at the stage which it has
now reached.
Mr. SLOAN. Will the gentleman from Min-
nesota give way to me for a moment?
Mr. DONNELLY. Yes, sir.
Mr. SLOAN. Thegentieman from Minnesota
has inferred to the monopoly which Wisconsin
at present enjoys of the carrying trade of Min-
nesota. It is true as he states it, hut I can as-
sure him and the House that Wisconsin does not
dewire to control or monopolize that great carry-
ing trade at the expense of the interests of Min-
nesota. We fully appreciate the fact that this
road, to aid in the construction of which it is pro-
posed to give tins grant of land, is of vital conse-
quence to the State of Minnesota, and hence the
membeis on this floor from Wisconsin favor it.
in answer to the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] I desire simply to say a word. If ihe
gentleman seeks to make these lands lying in the
northern portions of the States of Minnesota and
Wisconsin of any value whatever to the Govern-
ment, he must give us railroads for opening them
up to settlement, for they will never he sold un-
less railroads are built. In ail these land grants
the alternate sections reserved by the Government
whete the roads are built uie woith more to the
Government than all the lands would be without
the roade. And it is the only means by which
these lands will ever be settled. They will re-
main a waste for twenty, thirty, or forty years,
unless these roads are built.
In relation to the other point made by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, that these lands should be
reserved for homesteads for actual settlers, I can
tell the gentleman that any man who is familiar
with that section of country, the northern part of
Minnesota and Wisconsin, knows that settlers
will not locate on those lands unless they have
facilities for carrying their produce to marketand
bringing back the necessaries of life to the settle-
ments, Any man in that section of country who
is located moro than twenty miles from the line
of a railroad has gone so far that it is utterly im-
possible for him to cultivate the soil, or engage
in agricultural pursuits with any hope of profit to
himself It is a losing business for him; he can-
not afford it. The only means by which that
country can ever be settled will be by Congress
exercising the wise policy of giving these grants
of the public domain in alternate sections for the
construction of railroads. In that way a popula-
tion will be brought to settle in that portion of
the country. The country itself is desirable; the
soil is fertile, susceptible of cultivation, and its
settlement will add to our wealth and prosperity.
It will add a hardy people to the population of
this country.
In my judgment the views which have been ex-
pressed upon this floor in hostility to these land
grants are based upon a narrow, illiberal policy,
and upon an ignorance of the true condition and
wants of that great section of our country.
The section of country in Wisconsin, through
which the line of road passes for which a grant
of land has been made, for a hundred miles con-
tains no settlements whatever, but remains an
unbroken wilderness stretchingaway to the shores
of Lake Superior. By giving these alternate sec-
tions of lands you will introduce a population and
settlement upon these lands, and by that means
the Government will be able to sell the lands re-
served by it.
I do not desire to occupy the attention of the
committee, but it seems to me the arguments are
strong and irrefutable in favor of grants of this
kind. No gentleman, even though he may live
upon the seaboard, who has given any attention
to the condition of this country should refuse, in
view of the groat interests at stake, to give his vote
in favor of these grants.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 desire to make a single re-
mark in reference to the last observation of the
gentleman from Wisconsin, from which the in-
ference would be drawn that it is from gentlemen
on the seaboard that the opposition to these land
grants comes. Let me say to the gentleman that
there is no class of Representatives in this Hall
who have: voted so consistently and generously
for grants of lands for railroads in the West as
those coming from the seaboard.
Mr. HOLiMAN. Maine, I believe? has had a
little railroad matter on hand lately.
Mr. GRINNELL. I wish to say to the gen-
tleman from Maine that we do not regard thegen-
tleman from Indiana as living in the West.
Mr. HOLMAN. My Suite is not, in the proper
sense of the term, a western State.
1 desire to say a single word in reply to the
gentleman from Minnesota. Upon my own part
there is no hostility to the granting of public
lands having public ends only in view forproper
purposes. "I submit, however, that the argument
that this is the only way by which the lands in
the western sections of the country can be popu-
lated is not sustained by the history of the popu-
lation of the Northwest. The great States of In-
diana, Ohio, Illinois, and Iowa, toagreatextent,
and indeed almost the whole western country,
have been settled by the great advancing tide of
population from the East to the West, without
any artificial aids; and a more solid, homoge-
neous population was never gathered together
on the face of the earth, possessing one remark-
able attribute—that of almost perfect equality in
wealth and knowledge. A country populated at
once froiu various sections, under the influence
of artificial agencies, must inevitably be a coun-
try in which there will be great differences and
extrepfies among the people—extremes of wealth
and poverty. The railroad power is a central-
izing power. It is so in the old sections of the
Union; and it is found to he a tremendous cen-
tralizing power in the western States,furnishing
to fortunate adventurers facilities for immense
fortunes.
I know there is an anxiety upon the part of
gentlemen to have the western country settled at
as early a day as possible, but it will only has-
ten on the bitter fruits of the dense population of
the Old Woild. It is infinitely better and wiser
that the landa should be settled slowly, thereby
securing a solid population, equal in wealth and
equa! m condition, securing a continued outlet for
our people, than that they .should be settled and
the lands appropriated at once. We ought not
to legislate lora day or a year, but with reference
to the permanent and enduring interests of the
country. And 1 say again that the monopoly of
this vast amount of public lands, millions upon
millions of acres, held by overgrown corporations,
has the inevitable tendency to centralize the wealth
of the country, aid the tendencies of this central-
izing war. Take, for instance, the great Illinois
Central Railroad Company, which now holds one
quarter of the public lands originally granted to
it by the Government. It now proposes to sell
those lands at enormously advanced prices, not
prices advanced by the influence of the railroad
itself, but by the tide of population which has in-
vaded and which would have invaded that State
had there been no railroad in the State, robbing
the people of homesteads. I would far sooner see
the country fill up gradually with a population
equal in wealth and condition, than to see it filled
up by those artificial agencies, by which ine-
quality of wealth, education, and condition is in-
evitably created, tending to subvert those repub-
lican principles of free government which must
ever rest on the comparative and general equal-
ity of the people.
Mr. DRIGGS. I desire to say to the House
that this bill has already passed both Houses,
and that we are only acting now upon amend-
ments proposed by the Senate.
Mr. DONNELLY demanded the previous
question upon the Senate amendments.
Mr. DAWSON, i demand the yeas and nays,
because I am opposed to the bill, and want to
vote against it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the several amendments of the
Senate were agreed to.
Mr. DONNELLY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the several amendments were
agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAMES OF VESSELS.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois,
the bill of the House for the prevention and pun-
ishment of frauds in reference to the names of
vessels, returned from the Senate with an amend-
ment, was taken from the Speaker's table, and
the Senate amendment concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. . I move that the
House now take a recess until seven o'clock this
evening.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House (at four o'clock, p. m.) took a
recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at seven o'clock,
p. m.
REBELLIOUS STATES.
The SPEAKER. The House resumesthe con-
sideration of the bill in regard to the rebellious
States, upon which the gentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. Donnelly] is entitled to the floor.
Mr, DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, the task is
imposed upon this Congress of prescribing the
shapes into which the insututionsof the rebellious
States shall mold themselves when the mighty
agitations of the civil war have subsided and peace
is once more restored to society. It is not pos-
sible to avoid the responsibility of this task. We
must meet it in all its magnitude. The necessi-
ties of the time—the time itself—require it of us.
Surely, Mr. Speaker, the human mind never
addressed itself to the solution of any problem
more grave or more momentous than this. The
immediate consequences to oursel ves of any course
we may see fit to adopt are great enough to give
us pause; but when we look down the long vista
of the world's future we cannot but perceive that
the results of our present action will stretch away
through all the coming ages, and act and react
upon human society so long as our race continues
to inhabit the globe.
The great struggles of European politics—hith-
erto the chief subjects of history—dwarf and
shrink into insignificance beside this mighty prob-
lem: the destiny of a hemisphere, and in that
destiny the fate of mankind.
' The past history of the struggle in which we
are now engaged has been comparatively simple.
