3012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
tax no other article in the world in that way that
1 know of. They therefore adopted this duty of
50 per cent, ad valorem as the fairest way to get
the proper revenue from all classes.
Mr. DIXON. In my judgment, though of
course my judgment is inferior to that of the
committee, a much larger revenue can be raised
by putting on this additional tax of 50 cents per
dozen upon these goods. As I have already said,
the revenue received now is merely nominal. The
duty is so low that it amounts to scarcely any-
thing. These goods can pay more revenue, and
my object is to procure more revenue from this
source. If you put on a tax of 50 cents a dozen
on these knives, it only amounts to 3 or 4 cents
on each knife. I say that that knife can afford
to pay that duty. If it can be imported at all, it
can be imported with that duty and the Govern-
ment can receive it; and that the Senator says is
what the committee desire. It is what I desire.
Mr. CLARK. Roth of us are "aiming at the
same object. TheSenator from Connecticut says
he desires to obtain the largest amount of revenue:
the committee desire to obtain revenue. The
committee considered it with that view and only
that view, how they could get the largest amount
of revenue out of it. The Senator looks at it in
that view. Then it is a question between the
judgment of the committee, who have maturely
considered the subjcct, and the judgment of the
'Senator from Connecticut. We think this duty
will give us the largest revenue.
Mr. DIXON. I think the committee were
wrong.
The amendmentto the amendment was rejected.
The amendment of the committee was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section three, line one hundred and eighty, to
strike out " 35" and to insert " 40;" and in line
one hundred and eighty-two to insert the words
"of steel" before-the word "partially," and also
to strike out the words " of steel" after " manu-
factured^" so that the clause will read:
On all manufactures of steel, or of which steel shall he
a component part, not otherwise provided for, 40 percent.
ad valorem: Provided, That all articles of steel pamully
manufactured, or of which steel shall be a component part,
not otherwise provided for, shall pay the same rate of duty
asif wholly manufactured.
Mr. DIXON. I move to amend the amendment
of the committee by striking out "40" and in-
serting " 45."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will simply say that I
had some doubt myself whether that tax ought
not to be 45 per cent, instead of 40 per cent, ad
valorem; but we were at considerable pains to in-
vestigate the subject-4, we consulted the proper au-
thorities on the subject, that is to say, people
learned in those matters, and we finally came to
the conclusion that a tax of 40 per cent, would do,
and was a sufficient protection to those engaged
in the manufacture of steel in this country. Our
judgment may be wrong.
Mr. DIXON. I think when it is seen how
much the duty on steel has been raised 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The tax.
Mr. DIXON. And the tax, too; but when it
is seen how much the duty on steel has been
raised in this bill, and how much the internal rev-
enue tax on steel is, it will be apparent to the Sen-
ate that the committee were right when they pro-
posed a tax of 45 per cent. I think they were
right then, and I hope the Senate will adopttheir
first conclusion.
Mr. FESSENDEN". How much has the duty
on steel been raised?
Mr. DIXON. It has been raised nearly 50 per
cent.; I think just 50 per cent. At any rate, it has
been largely increased, more than I propose to
raise it here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is mistaken
about that. It has not been raised 50 per cent.
However, I will not make any opposition to it.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was in section three, line
one hundred and ninety-two, to strike out the
words " 2 cents"and to insert" 1|;" so that the
clause will lead: "On old scrap lead, lit only to
be remanufactured, 1§ cent per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. 1 ask the Senate to pass over for
the present the fourth and fifth sections of this
bill, and for this reason: my crVfeague, ns it is
known, is detained from the Senate in conse-
quence of indisposition. These two sections
embrace the subject of wool and woolen manu-
factures^ subject upon which he has devoted
particular attention, and so far as the article of
wool is concerned our constituency are particu-
larly and deeply interested. Having spoken to
the chairman of the committee on the subject, I
understand he has no objection to the postpone-
ment of the consideration of these sections until
to-morrow. If my colleague shall not be able to
be in attendance then, I shallask no further delay.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be taken if there be no objection. The
Chair hears none.
The Secretary proceeded to read the sixth sec-
tion of the bill. The first amendment of the
committee in that section was in the clause im-
posing aduty on all manufactures of cotton, in line
nineteen, after the word "yard," to insert "if
colored, stained, painted, or printed, 5£ cents per
square yard;" and in line twenty-one to strike
out " 15" and insert " 20;" so that the clause will
read:
On finer and'lighter goods of like description, exceed-
ing one bundled threads and not exceeding two hundred
threads to the square inch, counting the warp and filling,
unbleached, 5 cents per square yard ; if bleached, 5£ cents
per square yard; if colored, stained, painted, or printed, 5J
cents per square yard, and in addition thereto 20 per cent.
ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to 
The next amendment was in section six, line
twenty-seven, to strikeout" 15" and insert "20;"
so that the clause will read:
On goods of like description, exceeding two hundred
threads to the square inch, counting the warp and filling,
unbleached, 5 cents per .>quare yard; if bleached, 5^-cents
per square yard-; it colored, stained, painted, or printed, 5£
cents per square yard, and in addition thereto 20 per cent.
ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, line
fifty-six, to insert the word " square" before the
word " yard."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six^ line
sixty-four, after the word "cents," to insert
"per dozen;" and in line sixty-live, after the
words " ad valorem," to strike out the words " on
the excess;" so that the clause will read:
Fourth. On spool thread of cotton, 6 cents per dozen
spools, containing on each spool not exceeding one hun-
dred >aids of thread, and in addition thereto 30 per cent.
ad valorem ; exceeding one hundred yards, for every addi-
tional hundred yatds oi thread on each spool, or fractional
pait thereof in excels <>i one hundred yards, 6 cents per
dozen, and 30 per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, line
sixty-six, after the word " frames "to insert "and
on all cotton hosing;" so that the clause will read:
"On cotton shirts and drawers, woven or made
on frames, and on all cotton hosing, 35 per cent.
ad valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendmentwas in section seven,line
seventeen, to strike out "25" and insert "30;"
so that the clause will read:
On flax or linen yarns for carpets, not exceeding No. 8
Lea, and valued at 24 cents or less per pound, 30 per cent.
ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seven, line
nineteen, after the word " thirty "to insert" five;"
so that it will read: " On flax or linen yarns valued
above 24 cents per pound, 35 per cent, ad valo-
rem
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seven, line
twenty-nine, after the word " on," to insert the
words "gunny cloth, gunny bags,and;" so that
it will read:
Thiid. On gunny cloth, gunny bags, and cotton bagging,
or other manufacture not otherwise provided for, suitable
for the uses to which cotton bageing is applied, composed
m whole or in part of hemp, jute, flax, oi other material,
valued at 10 cents or leas per square yard, 3 cents per
pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seven, line
forty-one, after the word " twenty" to insert the
word "five;" and in line forty-two to strike out
" 25" and insert" 30;" so that the clause will read:
On jute yarns, 25 per cent, ad valorem.. On all other
manufactures of jute or Sisal grass, not otherwise provided
for, 30 per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section eight, line eight, after the word "on," to
insert " spun silk for filling in skeins or cops, and
on;" in line ten, after the word " organzine," to
strike out "25" and insert "40;" and in line
eleven, after the words " floss silks," to strike out
" 25" and insert " 40;" so that it will read:
On spun silk for filling in skeins or cop*, and on ?ilk in
the gum not more advanced than singles, tram, and thrown
or organzine, 40 per cent, ad oalorem. On floss silks 40
per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. YAN WINKLE. I move to amend this
amendment—I believe it is in accordance with the
views of the committee—by inserting afier the
word " cops" the words "25 per cent, ad valo-
rem." This spun silk for filling is not produced
in this country, but it is now used considerably
in the manufacture of silk goods, and will be much
more extensively used if the duty is brought down
to the rate I propose. Under the tariff of 1861
it was an unenumerated article, and paid 60 per
cent., which has suppressed the manufacture I
believe. 1 propose to make the duty on spun
silk for filling in skeins or cops 25 per cent, ad
valorem, and then to leave the*duty on silk in
the gum as the committee reported it.
The amendmentto theamendmentwasagreed to,
and the amendment,as amended, was adopted.
The next amendmentwas in section eight, line
seventeen, after the word " vails" to insert
"laces;" so as to make "laces" pay a duty of
60 per cent, ad valorem.
The Amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was in section eight, line
twenty-two, after the word "value" to insert
" including women's and children's dress goods
and piece goods in all forms," and in line twenty-
four to strike out "50" and to insert "60;" so
that the clause will fead:
On all manufactures of silk, or of which silk Is the
component material of chief value, including women's?
and children's dre^s goods and piece goods in all forms,
not otherwsie provided for, 60 per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to. :■
The next amendment was in section nine, lino
eleven, after the word " China" to strike out the
word "and," and after "porcelain" to insert
"and Parian;" so that the clause will read:
On China, porcelain, and Parian ware, gilded, orna-
mented, or decorated in any manner, 50 per cent, ad va-
lorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section nine, line
fourteen, after the word "China" to strike out
the word "and," and after "porcelain" to in-
sert " and Parian;" and in line nineteen, to strike
out "40" and insert "45;" so that the clause
will read:
On China, porcelain, and Parian ware, plain white, and
not decorated in any manner, and all other earthen, stone,
or crockery ware, white, glazed, edged, printed, painted,
dipped, or cream colored, composed of eat thy or mineral
substances, and not otheiwise piovided for, 45 per cent.
ad valorem.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I believe it to be in order
to propose an amendment to the amendment of
the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I propose to move to strike
out the words " forty-five" and to insert " fifty"
in line nineteen, on page 27.. I will state the reason
why I do it. The manufacture of plain white
China is an infant business in this country; it is
scarcely yet upon its legs; and it requires the fos-
tering care of the Government. I will statea fact
connected with this business to show why it
should receive favor at the hands of Congress.
I am aware of a locality in which there is about
$600,000 of capital invested in this business. The
difference in the price of material and the price of
labor between this country and England is such
that unless considerable protection is afforded to
this branch of business, which is likely to reflect
not only credit upon ourselves as manufacturers
but to be of great benefit to the country, the en-
terprise must cease. Allow me to call attention
to a few of the articles which enter into this man-
ufacture, and to show the contrast between iho
cost in England and what itis here. China clay,
per ton of 2,000 pounds, costs $9 in Staffordshire
and $30 in this country, more than 300 per cent.
