1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
208?
It was not difficult to foresee that the mass of the
people, influenced by all those ties which bind
men to their flag and their country, would gather
to the defense of the nation against destruction.
Even about the condition of war itself there is a
certain degree of simplicity. It is but physical
force contending against prescribed obstacles, and
it goes forward with all the directness and pre-
cision of a purely physical power. But when the
war is ended, when physical force has played its
part, when the sword is sheathed in the scabbard
and the face of the soldier is turned homeward,
when the country is restored to that condition of
things out of which the war arose, then, and not
till then, will come the true difficulties of our po-
sition. The struggle will pass from the field of
battle to the arena of politics; to that terrible
arena where death can be inflicted and no sword
be lifted, where a nation can perish and no blood
mark the spot where it fell.
It is easy to say that the fate of this rebellion
will prevent all future rebellions. Great events
do not repeat themselves. This has been a strug-
gle in which insurgent populations struck at con-
stituted authority; the next may be waged by the
forces of evil clothed in all the sanctities of office
against the liberty of the nation. We cannot
draw precedents out of revolutions. It is not
given to the cunningof man to conceive the thou-
sand hues which the warp and woof of circum-
stances will assume under the shifting hand of
time.
We have already had upon this continent many
instances wherein republican institutions have
given birth to a longsuccession of anarchical rev-
olutions; notone where the dreadful progeny has
stopped with the fiist birth, and where an ap-
peased struggle has been followed by a perpetual
peace. It would seem to be a rule of nature that
these monsters of the political world should pro-
create their species; and it will require upon the
part of the American people the broadest wisdom,
the wisest statesmanship to root out from the soil
of the country forever the spirit of anarchy which
has obtained such a strong foothold upon it.
Surely, Mr. Speaker, we should approach this
grave and solemn question with none of the bitter
sentiments of partisans. Ages after the froth of
ourdeclamations has disappeared in that oblivion
which swallows up so much of human toil and
endeavor the consequences of our present action
will remain, massive and momentous in themidst
of the world, working misery or conferring hap-
piness upon untold millions of men. In the pres-
ence of that august future the language of reproach
and recrimination should die upon our lips, and
we should address ourselves to the problem he-
fore us with but one absorbing thought—the safety
of the nation.
This, after all, Mr. Speaker, must be the central
core of al! that can be said on this question. The
safety of the nation ! Beside this what can be
counted important? Laws,constitutions,govern-
ments, are but means to this end, and tins end
includes all for which laws, constitutions, and
governments are valuable.
The mass of the people should understand that
they are the stake involved in this contest. The
rich and the gieat float above the reach of mis-
government and thrive even upon the surface of
despotism; but as we descend the scale of society
the consequences of misgovernment become more
and more apparent, and when at last we reach
the basis of the social structure they stand out in
characters never to be mistaken. The contrast
between the prosperous laborers of America, the
peasantry of France, and the lazzaroni of Italy,
marks with precision the difference between the
three Governments. It is upon the poor man,
after ail, the base of the column, that the whole
weight of the superincumbent mass must rest.
Let no man think, therefore, that his poverty or
obscurity will screen him from the results of an
unwise adjustment of ourpresenttroubles; those
results will be as universal and as inevitable as
death itself; they will follow him to his hovel;
they will track him as he flies out into the path-
less wilderness.
What, then, will insure the safety of the nation ?
There is but one atiswei: the prevention of that
state of things out of which the rebellion arose.
I need not stop to discuss the right of the nation
to take all measures necessary for its own exist-
ence Whenahuman being enters into the dread-
ful vortex of death the hand of the law is with-
drawn from him. To save that life which God has
given him, his first great right, he may commit all
the crimes in the calendar. The sinking mariner
has a right to shake off into the jaws of the tem-
pest the drowning wretch who clings to the plank
beside him. The claim to life stands higher than
any known law.
Shall less be said of a nation, which is an asso-
ciation of men, with a life as dear to all as the life
of any one man is to himself? Who shall assume
that among the very safeguards which surround a
nation something may be found with which to
assassinate it?
While events move forward with gigantic steps
they are rapidly trampling into the ground that
poor, lame, blind absurdity, State sovereignty,
that bastard of the old Confederation, that prolific
parent of many of the woes which have fallen
upon us, that bulwark behind which even yet
treason betakes itself in its hour of terror. The
American people are determined to be one nation;
one absolute, supreme, irresistible nation; not in
the words of Washington, as applied to the Con-
federation, "one nation to-day and thirteen to-
morrow," not a Polish diet with as many vetoes
as members, not a mere rope of sand, but one
nation, forgood and ill, now and forever one na-
tion. The absolute power which rests some-
where shall rest in the hands of this Government.
It matters nothing in what way the nation arose;
whether from its creative abundance itgave birth
to the States, or whether it grew from a congela-
tion of the States. Possessing existence and be-
ing sovereign it has a right to all things neces-
sary to a continuance of Us life and sovereignty.
We who come, Mr. Speaker, from the far West
have not that deep and ingrained veneration for
State power which is to be found among the in-
habitants of some of the older States. We have
found that State lines, State names. State organ-
izations, are in most cases, the veriest creatures
of accident. To us there is no savor of antiquity
about them. Our people move into a region of
country and make the State. We feel ourselves
to be offshoots of the nation. We look to the
nation for protection. The love of our hearts
gathers around the nation; and there is 110 prouder
and no gladder sight to our eyes than the flag
of the nation fluttering in the sunshine over our
frontier homes. We are willing to trust the na-
tion. We have never received aught at its hands
but benefits. We need erect no bulwark of State
sovereignty behind which to shelter ourselves
from the gifts which it so generously and bounti-
fully showers upon us; and when the order of
nature is reversed and it calls to us in its ex-
tremity for help and protection, the farmer will
be found leaving his plow in the furrow, and
the woodman the tree half felled in the forest,
to fly to its assistance. Part of a mighty nation,
we feel that our fame and our greatness reach to the
uttermost ends of the earth, over all the seas, and
through all the continent. Citizens of States, we
are lost and buried from the gaze of mankind,
the tributary Nubias of those governments which
control the mouth of our N lie; without commerce,
without a navy, without a flag; the merest insig-
nificant accidents. Be assured, sir, those interior
States will forever insist upon " the Union," and
will continue to insist upon it, even if abandoned
by all the rest of the nation. It is their right to
reach the sea in every direction over kindred ter-
ritory; nay, it is more than their right; it is their
necessity.
There is, then, one solidified sentiment in the
hearts of our people, one sentiment winch will
not be denied, one sentiment which rises above
all political considerations—this nation must live.
What shall stand in the way of its life? The in-
stitution of slavery? Put the nation and slavery
in the balance and ask the people of the North-
west to choose between them. What is slavery
to them? Unfitted tor their climate, repugnant to
their tastes, destructive to their interests, bloody
with the blood of their children, onerous with the
weight of taxation to themselves, and terrible with
portents of ruin to the nation in the future, what
interest have they in the preservation of slavery ?
Will they for slavery give up that kind and gen-
erous Government which has so long blessed and
protected them? Will they for slavery see their
fair, bright flag, with all its clustering stars and
all its Inn * ot ligui.toin in'o fciirtds and trampled
in the dust? Will they for slavery drag down
upon themselves the fabric of their Government
and bury themselves beneath mountains of an-
archy and destruction? Never! It netds but to
present the question to call forth a unanimous
answer. Let that man step forth who is willing
to bring calamity and ruin upon himself and fam-
ily that a gigantic crime may continue to exist,
undisturbed, a thousand miles away; who is will^
ing to sacrifice the enjoyments of earth that hell
may escape annoyance.
But it may be said slavery and the nation may
continue to exist in unison. I appeal to history.
Scarce had our Government taken shape when
the anti-slavery agitation commenced under the
lead of that great and good man, Benjamin Frank-
lin; he who dragged the lightnings from heaven
and the scepter from the grasp of tyrants. From
that day to this the history of the country lias
been the history of slavery. For this end were
our acquisitions of territory—Louisiana, Florida,
New Mexico. For this end was the Mexican
war. For this end were our conventions, our
platforms, our fugitive slave laws, our compro-
mises. Not content with the wide scope afforded
in our own country, the demoniacal energy of
slavery swept over the margin of the nation and
invaded with armed expeditions the islands of the
Gulf and the territories of the Isthmus. It even
plumed its dark wings for a wilder flight, and
sought the reopening of the African slave trade,
the terror, the horror, and the disgrace of man-
kind. At length assailed and resisted by a peo-
ple who had either to resist or fall prostrate before
it, its accumulated vengeance burst forth in a tem-
pest which now shakes the world to its center.
And now—what now? Why, we are asked
to call, nay, to coax back this restless, insatiate,
grasping, ungovernable monster, now clouding
the horizon of the world and filling the air with
the clangor of his arms, into the casket from which
he escaped, to be held in peace forever under the
Solomonic seal of the Constitution'. It was per-
mitted us to make of the cub of the lion a play-
thing and a pet; but the beast has reached the age •
of maturity, his eye-balls have learned to roll and
his mane to bristle; he has broken loose from hia
fastenings, and betaking himself to the forest has
brought horror and death upon a whole country-
side; and now,- now we are soberly asked to re-
store him,untamed and unharmed, to the tender
bosom of our family circle, to become once more
the fondling of our laps and the plaything of our
children!
Mr. Speaker, so surely as God lives, there is
no safety for this nation so long as a spark of vi-
tality remains in the institution of slavery. Let
us read history, and gather from it, as Lord Bo-
lingbroke advises us, " not heatbut light."
What have caused the most continuous and per-
sistent wars? The answer is, the attempts of de-
throned dynasties to regain power.
Turn to England. What were the wars of the
Roses but the struggles of families? How many
bloody battles, persecutions,and insurrections did
not the Stuart family bring upon England? Crom-
well supposed when he had lopped off tile head of
the king and driven the heir apparent headlongout
of the country that the nation had seen the last of
them; but scarce had the Lord Protector grown
cold in his grave before the whole troop came back
amid bonfires and illuminations. Once more, irt
the person of James II, they were diiven out, and
again, not only England, but Irelnndand Scotland,
were drenched in blood in their mud efforts to re-
gain power.
Turn to France. The men of the great Revo-
lution recognized both king and nobility as their
natural enemies, and proceeded to behead thera
as fast as they laid hands upon them; it was
their purpose to annihilate them. But the vi-
tality of tin* dynasty and the caste survived the
wrath of the people; it survived the reign of ter-
ror; it survived the consulate; it survived the
empire; it survived even the mighty triumphs of
Napoleon, and rose again to power upon his
rums. Again it fell; and now, seventy years
after its first downfall, the Bourbon stanas with-
out the gate of France, patiently waiting for that
hour when he may rush 111 and once more, at
any cost of blood and treasure, seize upon the ^
throne.
And yet what dynasty, what family, what race
of men so permanent or so powerful as this in-
