1062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
iftasters of vessels as very exorbitant, as they are said to re-
ceive no substantial benefit fiotn more than one light.
Besides the classes of duties above enumerated, it is un-
derstood that the local authorities m certain ports are au-
thorized to levy " tonnage duties" tor harbor purposes. The
harbor commissioners for the port of Montieai, for instance,
have levied tonnage duties on all shipping remaining twen-
ty-four hours in that port.
These duties are as follows;
« On steamboats measuring fifty tons and upward, per ton
of their burden per register, for each day of twenty-four
hours they remain in the harbor, reckoned from the hour of
their arrival to that of their departure,
" On ail other vessejs measuring fifty tons and upward,
per ton and per day, as aforesaid, $d.
" Oft steamboats measuring under fifty tons, for each day
reckoned as aforesaid, each, 2s.
" On all other vessels measuring from twenty-five to fifty
tons per register, each per day, reckoned as aforesaid, Is.
" On all vessels ofless than twenty-five tons burden cach
per day, as aforesaid, 6/i."
In Toronto and other ports in the provinces similar ton-
nage duties are collected for like purposes.
From what has been said, I think you will perceive that
there exists no good reason to exempt from tonnage duty ves-
sels belonging wholly or inpoitto subjects of foreign Powers,
including those residing in the Bi itishNorfk American prov-
incflSyOn entry into our ports on the northern, northwestern,
and northeastern frontiers of the United States and from the
British North American provinces.
I beg leave to suggest for your consideration whether all
doubt and ambiguity on tile subject may not be removed
by a repeal of the second section of the act of 2d March,
1831, chapter ninety-eight, (*ce Statutes at Large, vol. 4, p.
487,) and in that event whether it may not be expedientto
recommend such legislation for the consideration of Con-
gress.
Under the poweis with which the local authorities are
clothed in Canada, the tonnage duties levied by them may
differ in every port, and it would he obviously inexpedient
to make such widely differing duties the measures by wluch
tonnage duties aie to be levied and collected on vessel*en-
tering our ports, in the northern, northeastern, and north-
-western irontlers.
The papers inclosed in your communication are here-
with returned.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
WJLLJAM IJ. fc«EVVAllD.
Hon. S. P. Chase, Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. HOLMAN. The bill proposes to repeal
that section only?
Mr. LONGYEA.R. Thatisall.
Mr. HOLMAN. And it is a report from the
Committee on Commerce?
The SPEAKER. It is, and it is recommended
by the State Department and by the Treasury
Department.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LONG YEAR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT TO I£OMKSTKAI> LA W.
Mr. JULIAN. I a«k leave of tho Uouhc to
report from tfie Committee on Public Landau bill
of a public character that it may be acted on now.
It is Senate bill No. CO, an actamendatory of the
homestead law, and for other purposes.
[ desire, Mr. Speaker, to state in a few words
the reasons requiring immediate action on this
bill. The bill contains a, few simple provisions
amending the homestead law in ceitain particu-
lars which I am sure will meet the approbation of
every member of the House.
It provides, among other things, that the oath
required of the homestead claimant may be made
before the clerk of the county in which the party
resides, so that he shall not be required to go m
person to the office ot the register, but may forward
it by another.
It provides also that soldiers in the military
service may make the affidavit befote the officer
in command, and transmit it to the register by
any person authorized to act as his agent.
ft fuither provides that where persons have
taken the preliminary steps required by the law
of 186*2, and have been prevented, by being called
into the military service, from completing the re-
quirements of the law, they shall not lose their
rights by such fact. The bill contains some other
provisions of less importance, and about which
there will be no difference of opinion.
I am satisfied that if gentlemen will hear the
bill read they will allow it to pas.s at once. Irn-
mediafe action is needed.
I understand that, in some instances, persons
have to travel four or five hundred miles, chiefly
through rebel territory, in order to reach the
office of the register. The law, as it now stands,
greatly hinders the settlement and improvement of
our public lands. It is important that the claim-
ants shall be allowed to-make their affidavits be-
fore the clerk of the county m which they reside,
and to transmit them to the Land Office, so that
the purposes of the homestead law may be car-
ried out.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for the reading of the
bill.
The bill was read. It provides that in the case
of any person desirous of availing himself of the
benefits of the homestead actof May 20,1862, but
who, by reason of actual service in the military
or naval service of the United States, is unable to
do the personal preliminary acts at the district
land office which the act of May 20, 1862, re-
quires, and whose family, or some member there-
of, is residing on the land which he desires to
enter,and upon which a fconajide improvement and
settlement have been made, it shall and may be
lawful for such person to make the affidavit re-
quired by that act before the officer commanding in
the branch of the service in which the party may be
engaged, which affidavit shall be as binding in
law, and with like penalties, as if taken before the
register or receiver; and upon such affidavit being
filed with the register by the wife or other repre-
sentative ortTTe party, the same shall become ef-
fective from the date of such filing, provided the
application and affidavit are accompanied by the
fee and commissions, as required by law.
The second section provides that, besides the
ten-dollar fee exacted by the act, the homestead
applicant shall hereafter pay to the register and
receiver each, as commissions, at the time of en-
try, one per cent, upon the cash price as fixed by
law of the land applied for, and like commissions
when the claim is finally established and the cer-
tificate therefor issued as the basis of a patent.
The third section provides that in any case here-
after in which the applicant for the benefit of the
homestead, and whose family, or some member
thereof, is residing on the land which he desires
to enter,and upon which a bona fide improvement
and settlement have been made, is prevented, by
reason ofdistance, bodily infirmity, orothergood
cause, from personal attendance at the district
land office, it .shall and may bo lawful for him to
make the affidavit required by the original statute
before the clerk of the court for the county in
which the applicant is an actual resident, and to
transmit the same, with the fee and commissions,
to the register and receiver.
The fourth section provides that in lieu of the
fee allowed by the twelfth section of the preemp-
tion act of September 4, 1841, the register and ic-
ceiver shall cach be entitled to one dollar for their
soi vices in acting upon preemption claims, and
shall be allowed, jointly, at the rate offifteen cents
per hundred words for the testimony which may
be reduced by them to writing for claimants, in
establishing preemption or homestead rights, the
regulations for giving proper effect to the provis-
ions of this act to be prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office.
.The fifth section provides that where a pre-
emptor 1ms taken the initiatory steps required by
existing laws in regard to actual settlement, and'
is called away from such settlement by being act-
ually engaged in the military or naval service of
the United States, and by reason of such absence
is unable to appear at the district land office, to
make, before the register or receiver, the affida-
vits required by the thirteenth section of the pre-
emption act of September 4, 1841, the time for
filing such affidavit and making final proof and
entry or location shall be extended six months
after the expiiation of his term of service, upon
satisfactory proof by affidavit, or the testimony
of witnesses that the preemptor is in the service,
being filed with the register of the land office for
the district in which his settlement is made.
The sixth section provides that the registers
and receivers in the States of California and Or-
egon, and in the Territories of Washington, Ne-
vada, Colorado, Idaho, New Mexico, and Ari-
zona, shall be entitled to collect and receive, in
addition to the fees and allowances provided by
this act, fifty per cent, of the fees and allowances
as compensation fortheir services; provided, the
salary and fees allowed any register or receiver
shall not exceed in the aggregate the sum of
#3,000 per annum.
Mr. HOLMAN. X move to amend the fifth
section by adding the following proviso:
Provided, however, That any private soldier or seaman,
who shall have served in the military or naval service of
the United States for the period of two years, shall be en-
titled to the benefits of this act without payment of any tees
whatever, and shall, so soon as he may settle on a home-
stead selection, be entitled to a patent therelor.
This proviso, Mr. Speaker, requires service for
two years. I trust that my colleague will see the
justice of giving to the soldier who has served
two years and been honorably discharged his
homestead without payment of fees or without
delay for five years.
Mr. JULIAN. I have no objection to my col-
league offering that amendment.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
bill being considered at this time?
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
ion, and the bill is before the House.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I do not know-
that I have any objection to the amendment o£
fered by my colleague if I understood it. At all
events, I have no objection to having a vote of
the House upon it. This bill has been reported
unanimously, notonly by the Committee on- Pub-
he Lands in this House, but also by the same com-
mittee in the Senate. The only amendment that
the House committee recommends is the adoption
of a provision that all reserved lands shall bring at
least the minimum price of $1 25 per acre. I think
there can be no objection whatever to the bill in
any of its features, and I am willing that my col-
league shall have a vote of the House upon his
amendment.
Mr. BOYD. I move to amend the third sec-
tion of the bill by inserting, after the words
"clerk of the court for the county in which the
applicant is an actual resident," the words a
judge of a court of record, a clerk of a court of
record, or a notary public."
The question being on Mr. Holman's amend-
ment,
Mr. HOLMAN said: Inasmuch, Mr. Speaker,
as quite a number of gentlemen desire to attend
the funeral of the wife of the oldest officer of this
House in a very few moments, and as there is no
quorum present, i move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. ALLEY. I hopethegentleman will with-
draw that motion for a moment, in order to allow
me to ask the House to take up Senate bill No.
158, and pass it at this time.
The SPEAKER. If the House will adjourn
now, the bill will come up next Friday after the
morning hour.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the House will not
adjourn, but that there may be a call of the House.
There is an appropriation bill which I want to
have passed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
that if* the House do not adjourn now he will ask
leave of absence himself. He feels it to be his duty
to attend the funeral of the wife of the Journal
clerk.
Mr. WILLIAMS called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks leave of ab-
sence from the House for the remainder of to-day's
session.
Leave was granted; and Mr. Beaman took the
chair as Speaker pro tempore.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 61, nays 46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C.Allen, Allev, Daily, Barter,
Beaman, Blaine, Francis P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, Bb?-?,
Chanlrr, Ambrose W. Clark. Ciav, Cox:,Dawson,Dcmu«on,
Dumont, Eckley, Eden, Eliot, Gauson, Hall, Harding. Har-
rington, Hernck, Holman, K<UbfleJ?ch, Francis W.Ket-
lo<*«, Orlando Kellogg, Knapp, Le Blond, Long, Mallorv,
McAllister, MeKinnov, Momil, J,imc  tt. Morns, Morri-
son, Noble. Norton, Odcll.John O'Neill, Orth, Pendleton,
P«jny, Pruvn, Samuel J Randall. Shannon, Smith, Spal-
cliny. Stebiuns, John B. Stoido, William G Steele, Knie--,
Stiiatr, Sweat, Wad>\vorrh, EJihu J>. VVashhmne, Joseph
W.^WIute, WiNon, Window, and Yeaman—61.
NAYS—Me.-srt . Allison, Ames, Anderson, Abhlcv, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Boutwell, Boyd,
BroorurUf, Cobb, < oie, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T.
Davis, Dawu<, Dixon, Donnelly, Dricgs Farnsswonh,Gnn-
nell, flnie, C'hsnles M. Hams-, Highy,*" IJotchkUs, John H.
Hubhaid, Julian, Kcrnan, Lonsyear. Lovejoy, McBride,
McC'liug, Mclndoo, Samuel F. Miller, Daniel Monis,
Chailes O'Neill, I'eiharn, t'uee, William fl. Randall, John
IT. I;ice, Stevcns\ Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Upson, William
B. Washburn, Williams, and Wiider—46.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at two o'clock and forty-five minutes, p. m.)
the House adjourned. •
