16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14.
if there be a member here who has a right to speak
of the experiences of being in a minority on this
floor, I am that man. 1 have been here for many
years; and 1 think it is within a very short period
that ever 1 or anybody with whom i ever acted was
consulted in regard to the formation of the commit-
tees. 1 remember on one occasion—1 think, sir,
you will lemember the same-—a list of committees
was reported here, got up I do not know how,
and I was omitted altogether from any committee,
and so was my excellent friend on my left, [Mr.
Sumner.,} and so was the distinguished gentleman
who now stands at the head of the Treasury of
the United States. We were omitted altogether;
and on instituting some little inquiry of the Dem-
ocratic oligarchy that ruled the Senate as to why
it was done, we were politely informed that we
did not belong to a healthy political organization,
and therefore we had been leftoff thecommittees
entirely. But, sir, finally my health got so, po-
litically, that this same party did put me at the
tail end of the Committee on Private Land Claims,
[laughter,] where i served without remonstrance
or reproach. I could not render much service.
A good many of those claims were found to rest
in old Spanish grants; and,notbringentireIy con-
versant with the language, 1 had to trust to other
agencies to find out wlmt was intended. But I
want to say, sir, that a claim to anything of this
sort comes with an ill grace from a party who
thus ruled the Senate when they had power. In
this connection, too, permit me tosay, that in the
long period of my service here,I have neverasked
of my friends or enemies any place on any com-
mittee at any time. 1 have always served as well
as I knew how on committees, and when Lwas
off I served off as well as I knew how, without
any rebuke or repioach to anybody. If it is prac-
ticable to let the gentlemen who now constitute
the minority be consulted, I should be perfectly
willing to agree to it; and I suppose if they raise
the objection, they have a right to do so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do not understand the
honorable Senator from Kentucky as objecting to
the proposed mode of pioceeding, but rather as
making an inquiry. It is the fact that at different
limes different modes have been adopted with
reference to this matter. When I first came into
the Senate, very little attention was paid in any-
way to the gentlemen, to use the honorable Sen-
ator'sexpression," on this side of the Chamber;"
that is to say, to the few gentlemen who were in
the minority at that time. A f'terwards, when as a
party they became quite large and strong, places
were left upon the committees for them. The
reason given, as I understood it, was that there
were so few of them that it was as well for the
majority to make up the committees, instead of
expending a great deal of time in choosing them.
That course was adopted at the last Congress, for
the reason that there were very few gentlemen in
the Senate—an exceedingly small number—who
in any way placed themselves m opposition to
the course the Government had taken; conse-
quently the committees were made up by the ma-
jority; and I think the honorable Senator himself
said to me that they were very fairly and liber-
ally made up. 1 understood him to say so; and
certainly, if i did not hear it from him, 1 heard
the remark from a late Senator from Indiana, at
any rate, who was placed on some of the com-
mittees.
Out difficulty in relation to this matter is simply
this, that it is hard fot us to understand what is
meant by gentlemen on that tude of the Chamber.
Most of the Senators on that side act with the
majority, and claim so to act. It left, therefore,
only a very small number who were supposed
in any degree to be in opposition; and instead of |
leaving particular places to be filled up, it was '
thought best to appoint th'1 committees in this way. !
It never was the custom to leave places for the
minority'on all the committee^ but on just such
committees as the majority chose. Instead of
leaving a small number of places on various com- ,
rniuees to be filled up, it was thought best, as the ]
gentlemen are very well known, to fill them up; '
and f beiieve it has been done in this list with
such a degree of liberality, or rather of justice i
extended to all gentlemen, that there can* be no I
complaint about it. I think the Senator will find ,
it to be so when he comes to hear the iist read. 1
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Maine is ;
certainly correct as to the fact that I only made a j;
statement by way of inquiry. I made no objec-
tion, and do not intend to make any, to the mode
of appointment of the committees. The mode,
though, in which the committees seem to have
been appointed since the Democrats have been out
of power here, differs from the mode in which
they were appointed while I served in this body
when we were in the majority. I merely made
an inquiry. Some Senators', the Senator from
New Hampshire and others, have indicated by
their remaiks that this was asking a favor. Sir,
1 never intended for a moment to ask any favor
in the matter of committees or anything else from
gentlemen on that side of the Chamber. All we
have a right to hope for is simple justice, if we
can get that. I merely suggested that I thought,
in courtesy, it would be eminently proper for the
majority to.make up the committees in the man-
ner in which they have been usually heretofore
made. That is all I wish to say on the subject.
I am indifferent personally about the matter. 1
really had no objection to the committees on
which I was placed at the last session,and I pre-
sume I shall have none this time. Even if they
leave me off entirely, I assure the Senate I shall
not complain. I certainly shall not ask to be put
on any committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No objection is
made to suspending the rule, as proposed by the
Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following nom-
inations, and 1 think the Senator from Kentucky
and his friends on the other side of the Chamber
will find that they are treated in this list with great
liberality.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The list will be
read.
The Secretary read,as follows:
On Foreign Relations—Messr*. Sumner, (chairman,)
Foster, Uoolittlc, Harris, Davis, Johnson, and McDougail.
On*f'\nancc—Messis*. Fessendcii, (eliainnan,) Sherman,
U< wo, Cowan, Clark, Van Winkl<!?and Connc-.fi.
On Commerce—Messrs Chandler, (chairman,) Morrill,
'JYn Eyck. Moigan. Sptaguc, Uovvden, and Saulsbury.
Oh viniculture—Mes.-is. .SiH-rtnun, (chairman,) Hatlan,
Wilson, Lane of Kansas, and Powell.
On Military Jlffairs and the Militia—Messrs. Wilson,
(ehaiimnn,) Lane of Indiana, Howard, Nesntfth, Morgan,
Spragw. and Drown.
On AVzurti jljfairs--Messrs. Hale, (chairman,) Grimes,
Anthony, Willny, Kam-ey, Harding, and Hicks.
On the Judiciary—.Mes>rs. Trumtmll, (chairman,) Fos-
ter, Ton Evok, Mams Howard, Bavaid, and Powell.
On the Post 0(fic.e and Post Roads—Me.-sis. Coliumer,
(chairman.) Dixon, It.mi*ey, Henderson, 13owdeu, Con-
iio\ and liucU.ilow.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Harlan, (chairman,) Pomeroy,
Foot, Harding, Carlile, Hendricks, and YViight.
Oil Pitrac Lund Claims—Me^&rs. Ilurrib, (chairman,)
Sumner, Howard, Bayard, and McDougatf.
On Indian Jijfairs—Messrs. Doolittle, (chairman,) Wil-
kinson, Lane ot Kansas, Hailan, Nusnnth, Brown* and
Buekalew.
On Pensions—Me-si«. Foster, (chairman.) Lane of In-
diana, Poiueroy, Bovvden. Van VViukle, Saul&bury, and
Diiekah'iv.
On Kciolutionarif Claims—Messrs. Wilkinson, (chair-
man,) Chandler, \Vilson, Ncsmith, and Wiight.
On Claims—Mosssis.Claik, (chainnan,) Huvve, Poineioy,
Anthony, Moirill, Hick*., and Hondiick-*.
On the District of Columbia—Messrs. Giimcs, (ebnnman,)
Dixon, Mori ill, Wade, Willey, Ilender-mi, andltu-haids-on.
On Put cuts and I he Patent Office—Messrs. Cowan, (ch.iii-
innn,) Ten Eyck, Sherman, Ramsey, and Saul-bury.
On Public Buildings and Grounds—Messr<. Foot, (chair-
man,) Tiumlmll, Crimes, Henderson, and Hendneks.
CM Teinlorics—Me.->cis. Wade, (chairman,) Wilkinson,
Hale, Lane of Kansas, C.vihle, Davis, and ltieiiaidson.
To hulit and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
ScnoU—Mr^r*. Di\on, (ehainnanVTciark, and Harding.
On £in ro!iied Lilts—Messrs. Lane of Indiana^ (chair-
man,) Sumiioi. and Willey.
O/i Printing—Messrs. Anthony, (chairman.) Morgan,
and Powell. -
On Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Ilowe, (chauman.) Cowaa,
arid flicks.
On the Library—Messrs. Collamcr, (chairman,) Fessen-
den, and Johnson.
The question being put, the list, as read, was
adopted.
REFERENCE OF MEMORIALS AND BILLS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection on the part of the Senate, the several me-
morials which have been presented by Senators
will be taken fiom the files and referred to the
appropriate committees.
Mr. HALE. And bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Bills and joint
resolutions which have had their first and second
readings will also bo included in the reference.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FESRENDEN presented a petition of sea-
men in the United States revenue cutter service,
attached tq the cutter Caleb Cushing, praying for.
remuneration for loss of property sustained by
them in the destruction by the rebels of that ves-
sel; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
He also presented the petition of J. S. Merrill,
praying for the passage of an act to enable the
accounting officers of the Treasury to settle his
accounts as quartermaster and commissary of the
fifth regiment of Maine volunteers; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Hp also presented the petition of George Henry
Preble, commander in the United States Navy,
praying for relief from what he considers the un-
just decision of the accounting officers of the
Treasury Department, in refusing to allow his
account a^ commander afloat from the 16th of
July to the 12th of October, 186*2, and as com-
mander " waiting ordeis" from October, 1862, to
the date of his present commission as commander;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. WILKINSON presented the memorial of
A. J. Campbell, praying for relief under the sec-
ond article of the treaty with the Sioux Indians,
made June 19, 1858; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented additional papers in relation
to the claim of Richaid G. Murphy, late agent
for the Sioux Indians, praying relief for certain
vouchers erroneously given; which, with the pa-
pers already on file, were referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Dr.
F. G. Hunt, and other inhabitants of Brookline,
Massachusetts, praying for the passage of a law
providing for a uniform ambulance and hospital
system for the armiesof theUnited States; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also presented the petition of Jane B. Car-
ver, widow of the Rev. Robert Carver, of Taun-
ton, Massachusetts, chaplain of the seventh regi-
ment of Massachusetts volunteers, who died of
disease contracted in the service of the country.
The petitioner represents that on application for
a pension she was informed that no provision was
made for the widows and families of chaplains,
according to the existing laws, and she therefore
prays that a pension be granted her, the same as
is granted to widows of officers of like rank in the
Army. The petition was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions,
He also presented the memorial of Franklin
Eliot Felton, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, sug-
gesting several propositions of amendment to the
existing patent laws; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office,
Mr. NESMITH presented a petition of citizens
of Portland, Oregon, praying that Portland may
be made a port of entry; which was refeired to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DIXON presented a petition of assistant
assessors under the excise laws of the United
States for the State of Connecticut, praying for an
increase of theircompensation; which wasieferred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of Susan
W. Dunmore, widow of Rev. George \V. Dun-
more, chaplain to the first regiment Wisconsin
cavalry, who, while discharging the duties of that
office, was detailed upon guard duty by the col-
onel of the regiment, and was killed in a skirmish
with the enemy at La Anguille Feiry, on the 3d
of August, 1869. The petitioner prays that a
suitable pension may be granted to her. The
petition was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. POMEROY. I present the memorial of
Berendt A. Froiseth, praying for the enactment
of suitable laws for the encouragement and pro-
tection of foreign immigrants anivmg within the
jurisdiction o' the United States, which would ren-
der more effective the national homestead act of
May 20, 1862. The memorial is of consideiable
interest, and I ask that it may be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial will
be referred to the Committee on Agriculture, and
the motion to print will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. WILSON presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Massachusetts in favor of an in-
