3014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
so have the House of Representatives, by letters
and articles in newspapers, to raise the duties on
Bpices, We unUeistand the reason of that very
well. There is said to be a very large stock on
hand in the country, and if we raise the duties at
this rate, large amounts of money will be made
out of them, and probably there will be no great
revenue for a year or two. The Senator from
New York [Mr. Morgan] I suppose is probably
aware of that fact.
But the difficulty is this: they are articles all
of which can be very easily smuggled; and we
Itnow that very great preparations are being made
to smuggle all sorts of articles over the border
from the British provinces. Take, for instance,a
barrel of nutmegs. They can be imported into
Canada, and people can bring them here in tiieir
pockets. A person could make quite a pretty
sum on a barrel of them in that way. It will be
seen, therefore, that the temptation for smuggling
is very large; and so it is with regard to all these
articles. The committee, therefore, on looking at
ihe whole matter, came to the conclusion that
for a very considerable period of time, at any rate,
we could not get any largely increased revenue in
consequence of the amount of those articles in
the country at the present time, and it is very
doubtful whether, if we puton such large duties,
we would at any time get very large amounts,
and ns the duties are now not less than 100 per
cent., I believe, in any case, and in some cases 200
per cent, on articles which were considered to be
articles rather of necessity, as they are in common
use by everybody, as for instance the article of
pepper, we came to the conclusion that it was best
not to impose an additional duty on spices. Butas
it is a question of so much importance, 1 deemed
it my duty not to let it be passed over in the Senate
withoutnoUce,butto call the attention of the Senate
to it, to see whether the views of the committee
would be sustained or not.
The PRESID1NGOFPICER, (Mr. Poster in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
proposed by the committee to strike out lines
thirty-five, thirty-six, and thirty-seven, on the
32d page.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi. LANE, of Kansas. 1 move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will give
us ten mmuies longer I shall have no objection to
his motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. CLARK. Let us go on with the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We cannot get through
with it to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the motion
to adjourn withdiawn?
Mr. HENDRICKS. If any gentleman wants
to say a word I will withdraw it.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the Senator from In-
diana to withdraw the motion until some bills
from the House of Representatives on the tabic,
can be read, at least, so that they maybe refeircd.
There is a joint resolution there of some conse-
quence regaiding; the oveiland mail service, and
1 ask leave to have it ieud now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I withdrew the motion
to adjoinn to enable the Senator from California
to call up some bill, but the Senator from Kansas
now appeals to mo, and wuys he wants to make
amotion, and of course I shall not resist.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move thattheScn-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business, and while the change is going on these
bills can be read.
Mr. CONNESS. Pending that motion 1 hope
those bills will be read by consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California asks unanimous consent that the
'bills on the table from the House of Representa-
tives be read for reference.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. That can be done
while the doors are being closed. I insist on my
motion. Let that be done afterwards.
Mr. POiVIEROY. It is very important that
those bills should be referred to the committees
to-day, because the committees meet to-morrow
morning.
Mr. POWELL. That can be done while we
are closing the doora.
Mr. POMEROY. It may be done by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. CONNESS. Why not have itdonenow?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kansas to
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was not agreed to.
house bill bsferred.
Mr. CONNESS. Now, I call for the reading
of those bills.
The joint resolution {H. R. No.93) to author-
ize the Postmaster General to extend the contract
with the Overland Mail Company was read twice
by its title.
Mr. CONNESS. With the consent of the Sen-
ate I should like to have that resolution put on
its passage. ["Oh, no."] Then I move thatit
be referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
PRESERVATION OF PUBLIC WORKS.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H R. No. 450) to provide for the
repair and preservation of certain public works
of the United States, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives; and it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon it-3 amendments to
tlie haul bill disagreed to by the House ol'Repteseniatives,
and agree to the conference a.-ketl by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on tiie part of the Senate be
appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Chandler, Mr. Morrill, and Mr. Morgan.
COURTS IN WISCONSIN.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 55) in relation to the circuit court in and
for the district of Wisconsin, and for other pur-
poses, disagreed to by the Senate and insisted on
by the House, and it was
Resolved, That the Benale insist upon its disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the snid bill, and agree
to the eonteience asked by the House upon the disagieeing
votes thereon.
Ordered, That the confeices on the pail of the Senate be
appointed by the President pio tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Trumbcll, Mr. Collamer, and Mr. Powell.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. While the doors are
being closed 1 desire to make a privileged motion,
to reconsider the vote on the passage of Senate
bill No. 296.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What bill is that?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It, is a bill abolishing
the fees of the marshal of this District. I ask
that the vote be reconsidered.
Mr. CLARK. Oh, no; not now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The motion can be received only
by unanimous consent while the order to clear
the galleries is being executed on the part of the
Senate.
A]r. HALE. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
being objected to, it cannot be entertained.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I only want it entered.
1 believe it is a privileged motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It cannot be.
entertained while the order of the Senate is being
executed except by the unanimous consent of the
Senate. The Chair will entertain the motion if
there be no objection; but if objected to it cannot
be received.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I did not hear any
objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator from New Hampshire to
object to the motion. The Chair, however, will
entertain the motion if there be no objection.
Mr. HALE. There is objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the mo-
tion cannot be entertained.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; and after some time spent
theiein, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 1G, 1864.
The House metat twelve o'clock,m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
FITZGERALD AND BALL.
On motion of Mr. CHANLER the bill (S. No.
244) for the relief of Daniel Fitzgerald and Jon-
athan Ball was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. CHANLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROTECTION 01? HARBORS, ETC.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Last even-
ing the House permitted a bill in relation to riv-
ers and harbors, with amendments of the Senate,
to be taken from the Speaker's table and consid-
ered. The amendments were concurred in, and
the action of the House was reconsidered, and the
motion to reconsidei was laid on the table. Upon
an examination of the amendments there seems
to be some doubt in regard to the precise mean-
ing of some of them. I ask the House to take
from the table the motion to reconsider, and have
the Senate amendments non-concurred in.
The SPEAKER. That can be done by unani-
mous consent.
There was no objection; and the bill was taken
up and the Senate amendments non-concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House request a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
LEAVE Off ABSENCI5.
On request of Mr. PATTERSON, leave of
absence was granted for ten days to Mr. Rollins,
of New Hampshire, on account of sickness.
On request of the SPEAKER, leave of absence
for one week was granted to Mr. Spaldixg, who
was unexpectedly called away.
FEES IN TUB DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
On motion of Mr. WILSON", a bill (S. No.
29G) in relation to the fees and emoluments of the
marshal,attorney,and clerk of the supreme court
of the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses, was taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time,and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
VOTES RECORDED.
By unanimous consent, Mr. Perry was allowed
to record his vote m the negative on the proposed
amendment to the Constitution.
By unanimous consent, Mr. Washbcrn, of
Massachusetts, was allowed to record Ins vote in
the affirmative on the proposed amendment to the
Constitution.
SECURITY OF PASSENGERS ON STEAMERS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for the better security
of the lives of passengers on board of vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam, and for other
purposes;" which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
DRAFT—COMMUTATION."
Mr. A. MYERS asked unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution:
Resoled, That the Committee on Military Affairs be re-
quested to inquire into and leport upon tlie expediency of
to amending tin; sever.il nets lor emolhng mid calliup'oiit
the national forces as to make the period "of each draft for
a term not exceeding eighteen months, and raising the
commutation lo the sum of § 100 ; and also into the ex-
pediency of requiring those drafted but exempt by reason
ot physical disability, who are able to pay commutation,
to do so, and also of permitting colored persons to be
accepted as substitutes lor dratted white men.
Mr. CHANLER objected.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 now ask to report from
the Committee of Ways arid Means a bill making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 18(j5,
and for other purposes. I will ask that the items
of the bill be read now, and if any gentleman
