1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2039
seas, the masters of the globe. But these men
are our human kindred—poor, patient, helpless,
and unhappy—appealing by their miseries to our
mercy, by their manhood to our sense of justice.
Who will lend a hand to crush this poor and un-
fortunate people suit further into the dust? Who
will beat down those whom fortune has already
bo bitterly afflicted? Let that man stand forth
who will give to patience blows and to poverty
oppression, and who can find in the dreadful ex-
treme of human suffering and degradation only
opportunity for the exercise .of brutality and cru-
elty. For myself I shall strive at all times to do
them complete and entire justice; and I thank
God that the work of justice to the wretched goes
hand in hand witli devotion to the best interests
of our beloved country.
But there is still another consideration. So far
I have striven to conduct this argument with a
view only to its political relations, to the effect of
the questions involved upon the material welfare
of the people.
But there is something beyond all Shis. There
are considerations as far above all this as the
heavens are above the earth. To every man
conies home this question: Shall I take my place
in the ranksof thatcontinuousand unendingpro-
cession of events, which, since the revival of civ-
ilization in Europe, has been steadily pressing
forward over the world and through the centu-
ries? Or shall 1 be of those frail and feeble ones
who prescnttheir breasts as barriersand bulwarks
against the rising flood which the breath of God
is swelling and lifting over all the wrongs and
iniquities of the woild?
And who will dare to say that in the long fight
of the centuries error is not hourly losing blood
and strength and life; that truth is not each day
arming itself with new and more formidable weap-
ons, sliming each day with more glorious and
more effulgent radiance?
Let us take to ourselves the consolation afforded
by this thought—that truth is imperishable, and
that no human power is sufficient to destroy it.
It is a subtle essence—the soul of the material
world. The heavens and the earth may pass
away, but. truth shall not pass away. We have
seen a in all the past liberated by the blows aimed
at its destruction. We have seen it passing,
upon golden wings, out through all the meshes
with which the perveited skill of the human mind
sought to entangle it.
Let us remember, then, that in so far as wc
contribute, however humbly, to the cause oftruth,
we are identifying our temporary existence with
an eternal woik. This is a posterity which shall
never die; this shall live and brighten and keep
green our memories when the descendants of our
bodies have disappeared from among the things
of the world.
For myself, I can see the welfare of my coun-
try only m those things which widen the oppor-
tunities and elevate the dignity of mankind. 1
cannot perceive the advantage to any man of the
degradation of any other man; and I feel assured
of the greatness and perpetuity of ray country
only in so far as it identifies itself with the un-
interrupted progress and the universal liberty of
mankind.
Mr. DENISON. Mr. Speaker, 1 am opposed
to the bill under discussion, and I am gratified
with this opportunity to explain my views upon
the subject. The name of [ha bill is "A bill to
guaranty to certain States, whose governments
have been usurped or overthrown, a republican
form of government."
The object of the bill is to change the relations
between certain States and the General Govern-
ment, and to make it impossible for the States re-
ferred to, under any circumstances, to hold slaves
or to be organized under a constitution which
permits slavery. 1 do not think that any polit-
ical party, or any great number of men, except-
ing the abolitionists in the northern States, ever
cared anything about the extension, perpetuity,
or destruction of slavery. They have not been
interested m the subject further than they were
benefited by the cheap system of labor in the.
South, and the market which their manufactures
found in that portion of oureountry. But that the
General Government should assume the right to
control, by act of Congress, the domestic insti-
tutions of sovereign States, is a different qi'rutinn.
The State of Pennsylvania a few years hack tn
her history determined to abolish slavery. What
would have been the condition of the question if
the General Government had denied the power of
that State to dispose of a mere question of prop-
erty in any manner which the people of that
State might choose? Such assumption of power
would have been resisted by all the people of every
State in the Union as an encroachment upon the
reserved rights of the States. And such would
be the case if the people of that State should see
fit to adopt slavery at this time There is not,
under the theory of our Government, any power
delegated to the General Government to prevent
that condition of things, or we have all greatly
misunderstood our own Government and the re-
lation which each of the States has held to the
national Government. The proposed law will
change that relation, not over new States asking
admission into the Union, but over States hereto-
fore existing as a part of the national Govern-
ment, and which still exist as States as fully as
ever they did,even if the language of the bill be
true that the State autlioiity has been usurped or
overthrown. If the people of the State have com-
mitted treason the municipal corporation cannot
be guilty of treason, nor forfeit any of its rights
as a State any more than a township could cease
to be a part of a county because all the able-bodied
men should move out of it, or be convicted of lar-
ceny. When other men should come or children
grow to be men to fill the offices necessary in a
municipal corporation it would still be a, township
and a part of the county as much as if the mu-
nicipal offices had never been vacant. And such
will be the condition of the States referred to un-
less by this law or the amendment of the Consti-
tution now pending we change that state of things.
The law proposed is especially intended tn gov-
ern men who are not represented in the passage
of the bill, and at a time when we have not the
power to reconstruct a single State, and if such
law could ever become proper that time has not
arrived. This is only one step further toward
centralizing all power in the General Government
which has been pursued by Congress in the pas-
sage of laws, and by the President in his proc-
lamations. Each of these departments of Gov-
ernment has treated the States as if they had no
reserved rights. State fines have been disre-
garded, and all State constitutions have been tram-
pled upon, and the rights of the citizen everywhere
have been placed at the mercy of the military
power, ami a solemn act of Congress has been
passed to indemnify and protect the agents of this
military power in the perpetration of any ciime
which they may see fit to inflict. The passage
of this law will be the final gathering up of the
reserved rights of States, and the last vestige of
protection of the citizen understate constitutions
will be taken away, and all power centralized in
the General Government. This state of things 1
am not prepared to sanction by my vote. _
But I have another reason for my opposition to
the bill, and it is the fact that it is founded upon
and intended to legalize and perpetuate the un-
constitutional acts and proclamations of the Pres-
ident. I say unconstitutional acts of the Presi-
dent, and if my position be correct then any laws
founded upon these ptoclamations will be looked
upon and actually be the extreme of folly.
The act3 and proclamations of which i com-
plain and to which I allude are those which the
President has done and proclaimed in pursuance
of his war power and as Commander-in-Chief of
the Army. The Constitution makes "the Pres-
ident the Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy and of the mihtiaof the several States when
called into actual service of the United States."
But before entering upon the duties of his office
he is required to take his oath that he will faith-
fully execute the office of President of the United
States, and to the best of his ability preserve, pro-
tect, and defend the Constitution of the United
States. It is by virtue of these provisions of the
Constitution that a President elect enters upon his
duties and gets control of his powers, [twill be
observed that the only thing which the President
is required to take an oath to do is to" pieserve,
protect, and defend the Constitution*^ the Uni-
ted States." in all other of his official acts noth-
ing is required of turn but to act faithfully; but in
the defence and protection of the Constitution
there must be no question, and that is the only
one tinner tRpecnilv mentioned in his official oath.
As if the framers of the Constitution regarded the
protection and defense of that instrument as the
paramount and principal business of the Presi-
dent, and in order that he might have the neces-
sary power to perform that duty, he was made
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, and
of the militia of the States whenever in the actual
service of the United States.
But he must, from the nature of the case, be
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy in
a qualified sense of the word. It ia not presumed
that a mere civilian should have, the qualifica-
tions of a general in the field,and if he were qual-
ified he could not attend to the duties of a mili-
tary commander and all the various duties of Ilia
office as President at the same time, nor could he
command the Aimy and Navy at the same time.
The Constitution presumes that the President ig
a statesman. It is not the presumption of that
instrument that he is either a military or a noval
officer. And with very few exceptions the Pres-
idents of the United States have not possessed
any knowledge of either military or naval affairs.
By virtue of his office he can remove and fill the
places of all the civil officers of the Government,
and by virtue of his office as Commander-in-
Chief he can appoint and remove the officers
of the Army, and in that way may control the
Army as he does control the Treasury Depart-
ment and Post Office Department, and in fact all
of the Departments of Government. Nor was it
intended by the framers of the Constitution that
he should be Commander-in-Chief of the Army
in any other sense than as lie is controller of the.
Post Office, the Treasury Department, the Mint,
&c. He had taken an oath to "preserve, protect,
and defend the Constitution." The Constitution
was the dearest thing in the minds of the Amer-
ican people. That Constitution had made their
Union of States, it contained the civil and reli-
gious liberties of their children, and was their Gov-
ernment, the life of the nation, and without this
great covenant between the rulers and the people
there was no Government and no nation; and to
" preserve, piotect, and defend" that evidence of
the soveieign will of the people, it was necessary
to lodge power somewhere,and the Constitution
placed it in the President. They could look back
over the history of the past and see the whole
ocean of time filled with fragments of republics
which had fallen sacrifices to the usurpations and
encroachments of military ambition and military
power, and therefore the Constitution, which he
liad sworn to " preserve, protect, ami defend,"
gave him powerto temoveany military cliicfw.ho
should encroach upon the Constitution. He had
power to surround the civil office of President
with a wall stronger than adamant, and that power
he had taken his oath to exert in the protection
of the Constitution' That such is the war. power
of the President is shown in the history of the
countiy. No former Presidentever attempted to
act as Commander-in-Chief of the Army, except
in this qualified sense.
At the time of the whisky rebellion in_ Penn-
sylvania the President, General Washington,
refused to take command of t.lje Army as Cora-
mander-in-Cliief. Hfc went vs President in his
civil capacity. The reason given for this mili-
tary usurpation is the ex.anaple General Jackson
set at New Orleans;, but he was not then Presi-
dent, but a purely n^ilitary officer, and he sus-
pended the writ of hftbeas corpus only in the city of
New Orleans and in the immediate vicinity of the
opeiations of the Army and only for the time ne-
cessary to prepare for and fight the battle,andther.
it. was restored, and lie submitted to and paid th^
fine imposed by the court, and thus acknowledged
the supremacy of the civil over the military au-
thority under the Constitution. And the Amer-
ican Congress, after a period of many years,, a|v.
proved of his use of this war power, and confrmud
the interpretation which I claim for the Constitu-
! tion by refunding to him the fine audita interest.
; The Constitution provides 11 that the privilege
of the wiit of habeas shall not be sus-
pended, " unless when in cases of rebellion or in-
vasion the public safety may require it." This
power is not among those enumerated in the Con-
stitution as belonging to the President, nor among
those gianted by that instrument to Congress. It
|j this power belongs to the President as a part of
i! his war power then the Government and the peo-
i pie and ail of their rights are at his tnercy ari
