1064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
whether Congress would consent that ten thou-
sand voters in Louisiana should possess in the
■Senate a power equal to three hundred thousand
in Ohio, and, with one half the vote of any con-
gressional district of Indiana, should have five
members on this floor, and seven votes in the
Electoral College,
Such, sir, would be a fair statement of the case
upon the theory that the States of the South are
still States of the Union, and the acts of secession
nullandvoid; the Constitution still unimpaired
though resisted by armed force. But how does
the case stand on the other hypothesis, that by
secession and rebellion the ten States of the South
have ceased to be States of the Union? This is the
theory of most of the Republican leaders on this
floor, and especially of the distinguished leader
of the House, [Mr. Stevens.] It is also the
doctrine of Davis and his rebel conspirators. It
might be charged, indeed, that such is the theory
of Mr. Lincoln, for if they arc still States of the
Union, as I maintain, the Constitution embraces
them; and if so, by what authority does he fix the
conditions on which they shall be recognized as
States? His only duty in such case is to sub-
due the armed power that for the time being sus-
pends the authority of the Constitution, and not
to organize civil government; that is not a power
of war but of peace. But if out of the Union they
could only be restored as "new States," and if
even built on the executive model could only
obtain admission into the Union through Con-
gress. "New States may be admitted by the
Congress into this Union." The Congress, and
not the President, must judge of the republican
form of their government. Congress, represent-
ing the States and the people, must determine
whether the new State shall be admitted as an
equal into the august sisterhood of States. The
recognition and organization of the President
would be a naked act of power having no relation
to the Federal Union, Therefore, on either theory,
the assumption of authority by the President to
reorganize the political structure of States, and
pledge the United States for their maintenance,
ought to be condemned as at the very least, to use
the mildest terms, a tremendous innovation on the
fundamental principles of the Government, and
tending to the utter subversion of public liberty.
I have said all this, sir, without any reference
to the particular object which the President man-
ifestly seeks to accomplish. That he was willing
to arrogate to himself these tremendous powers for
the abolition of African slavery, or for any other
purpose does not change the question. Usurpa-
tions have ever been justified by some specious neces-
sity. I do not speak with lefeiuuce to the meut
of this specious prcten&e. If the ambitious dem-
agogues of the South m their miserable feud with
the ambitious fanatics of the North have involved
the whole people in the calamities of war, and as
an incident to that war African slavery shall per-
ish, I have but to say, sir, " let it perish."
I am not unmindful, sir, of the fearful perils to
which this infamous rebellion lias exposed this
nation. I am conscious,sir, that impelled by the
impending danger many a military act of ques-
tionable constitutionality might be extenuated on
the plea of imperative necessity. To cuticise the
acts and errors of an Administration in the midst
of the calamities and agonies of a tremendous
war, as if it were a time of peace, would be un-
woithy of a representative of a patriotic people,
i have not been unmindful of a\l this; and if this
great error of usurpation had been the error of an
hour, I should have remained silent. But if this
act of the President, in leaving the province of an
executive officer, and assuming to himself every
function of Government, oven with the represent-
atives of the people then assembled in Congress,
shall be consummtited, it will, in the enfranchise-
ment of tho African, oveithrow every safeguard
of the public liberty, if not now, in the dangerous
precedent it will establish for some abler and
bolder aspirant to power. Nor, sir, can 1 escape
the belief that Mr. Lincoln m all this has been
more controlled by political hostility to the do-
mestic policy of the South than by an earnest dc-
she to restoie the Union to its original symmetry,
else why does he ignore the difference between the
loyal and the disloyal men of the South ? Why,
if he deemed an act of general amnesty proper,
did he not make the condition of restoration an
oath of fidelity to the Constitution, and upon that
old and sanctified foundation restore the structure
which treason had attempted to destroy?
That part of the proclamation which grants a
general amnesty, except to the leading traitors,
even on the conditions imposed, may weaken the
rebellion. It is an act within the scope of ex-
ecutive power, and will not be condemned even
by those who prefer only unconditional submis-
sion to the Constitution on the part of the mis-
guided masses of the people as the conditions of
peace. It is only when the Executive leaves the
field of his constitutional authority that the citi-
zen may justly condemn.
But opposition to the policy of substituting the
will of the Executive for the old theory of the sover-
eignty of the people is happily notconfined to those
opposed to the political views of the President. The
bill upon your table, sir, reported by the commit-
tee on reconstruction, by the honorable gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] is a most signal
condemnation of the executive usurpation. This
bill, sir, proposes to substitute the law of the
land for the will of the President. It confers on
him tremendous powers, but they are only the
powers he now assumes without the authority of
law. lie proposes to restore the States on the
basis of traitors pardoned by his amnesty, this
bill on the basis of loyal citizens only. He acts
through military governors, for whose appoint-
ment there is no law; this bill would give the
sanction of law to hisappointments. Herequires
an oath from the pardoned electors to sustain his
proclamation, while thisbiU, ignoring the sanctity
of these instruments, requires of the electors
simply an oath of fidelity to the Constitution of
the United States.
But this bill, as though its author would follow
in tho footsteps of the President wherever it was
possible, proposes to found the States on the will
of one tenth of its voters, and requires the abo-
lition of African slavery as a condition for re-
stoiing the State, not by the sanction of an oath,
but by a constitutional guarantee; and the bill pro-
vides that if the convention called to frame a con-
stitution refuses to abolish African slavery, the
Governor appointed by the Presidentshall declare
the convention dissolved, and until the loyal peo-
ple who had taken the oath to support the Con-
stitution will consent to the conditionand abolish
African slavery the State shall be governed by
officers appointed by the President. But if the
convention so called shall consent to the condition
and frame a constitution, that the President, "after
obtaining the assent of Congress, shall, by proc-
lamation, recognize that government, and none
other, as the constitutional government of the
State." And after such recognition, and not be-
fore, Senators and llepresontativesand "electors
for President and Vice President may be elected
in such State according to the laws of such State
and of the United States."
The fundamental difference in these schemes
of reconstruction consists mainly in the source of
the authority that would limit the free action of
the people, the President or the Congress, the
executive or the legislative power. The Presi-
dent with his own instruments would mold them
to his own will, while the bill demands the au-
thority of law; but both ignore the majority of
the people and for the same cause; both sacrifice
the old principle of popular government to the
impatient determination to change,not extinguish,
the servitude of the African, for neither proposes
to make himamemberof the State; the one herds
him with the loyal citizens disfranchised for not
accepting the President's amnesty,while the other
consigns him to political servitude with his dis-
loyal master; but in subtle craftiness the Presi-
dent's plan greatly surpasses the plan proposed
bytbe bill. Mr. Lincoln might, well have argued
that, having in his message to Congress declared
the cxistcnce of a large Union-loving population
in all the States of the South except South Car-
olina, if he required of these loyal men who had
forfeited nothing by treason, who had borne and
suffered agonies unknown to loyal men of the
North, to take any other oath as a condition of
the restoration of their State to the Union except
that of fidelity to the Constitution, the sentiment
of justice and honor would everywhere revolt.
Besides, he might well suppose that tho men who
had resisted the rage of iron-handed treason would
not at his dictation abandon any right of citizen-
ship, and that the whole people would condemn
the arbitrary attempt to control their political con -
duct. Therefore it was, sir, that traitors and
others willing to acknowledge themselves as such,
who had received the benefit of his clemency, en-
franchised by his pardon, were made the chosen
instruments to remodel States according to his
own dictation, while on the other hand the bill,
recognizing only loyal citizens, does not insult
them by a pardon for crimes they had not com-
mitted, but would force them to compliance by
this alternative: adopt a constitution prohibiting
African slavery, or submit to a servitude where
everypoliticaltfight of the citizen is extinguished,
where every office is filled by the appointmentof
the President. Rather than submit to this, loyal
citizens might submit to Federal dictation. But
still this is butauthorizing bylaw what thjPres-
ident assumes to do without the slightest colorof
authority.
I am free to admit that if I were compelled to
choose between the crafty scheme of the Presi-
dent and the plan pioposed by this bill, I should
not hesitate to accept the latter. It would at least
have the merit of reorganizing the States on the
legislative will of the whole people as represented
in Congress, while the other is the mere arbitrary
dictation of one man, still one man, though he be
the President of the United States.
But, sir, there is one leading feature in both of
these measures which fills me with alarm, the
utter abandonment of the fundamental piinciple
of this Republic, that all just powers of govern-
ment are derived from the consent of the governed.
One tenth of the voters may on either plan become the
State; the bill does not require one hour of res-
idence to entitle a person to participate in the re-
organization; and such, too, is the practical effect
of the proclamation as modified by military order.
As the rebel forces are from time to time driven
from State after State or from parts of States, I
see no difficulty in the President consummating
his purpose. A handful of pliant rebels, who had
forfeited life and property by treason, might well
consent, when the fortunes of the rebellion became
desperate, to exchange their perilous condition by
becoming the pliant and mercenary instruments
of the President and at the same time the sover-
eign citizens of the State, the masters of their fel-
low-citizens. So that unsuccessful treason would
open up a magnificent destiny 1 A wonderful trans-
formation, marvelous as an Arabian tale ! Who
then, sir, m the ordinary course of things will be
the chosen citizens of these new republican States?
Rebels to whom, under the auspices of a gracious
patron, is opened up a path of safety and of power;
the camp followers and reckless adventurers who
swarm like vultures on the outskirts of a great
army, greedy, dishonest, and merciless, and those
who,otherwise loyal,are seduced from their man-
hood by the corrupting and boundless patronage
of the President. These, sir, will be his willing
instruments, and the States they would organize
would be the States of Abraham Lincoln, not
States of the American Union; the true loyalty
of the South outcast, dishonored.
In the practical workings of this plan, the coun-
try has been filled with indignant astonishment
at the recent act of a major general, annulling by
a military order the constitution and laws of Lou-
isiana, declaring the basis of civil governmentand
reducing the term of residence for citizenship, so
that camp-followers and adventurers, the plun-
dered of the gallantsoldier, might become the au-
gust founders of a State; and this, too—how cheer-
less and bitter the merftory i—in the city famous
for the last battle in the second warfurindepend-
ence. And more significant still the rcccnt am-
bitious butdisastrous attempt to reorganize a State
in Florida. Who was responsible for that dis-
aster? What were the instructions to the ambi-
tious youth who left the mansion of the President
and directed the veteran Giilmore to abandon for
the time the assault on the accursed city of Charles-
ton? Who set on foot the idle tale of inter-
cepted dispatches, pointing out the numberless
herds of cattle in the glades of Flotida, the last
hope of the rebel army? For what was all this?
To pave the way for a new State under the shel-
ter of a military expedition. The sufferings and
biood of a gallant army were to gratify the base
ambition of unworthy favorites of the Executive,
and the fatal battle-field of Olustee was the result.
Fifteen hundred gallant soldiers are stricken down,
the victims of selfish and mercenary adventurers
