2040
THE C0 jN (xKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
liable to share the fate of all former republics.
But if the actual commander of the Army in the
fi. id is the person intended for the exercise nf this
power, lie would have the opportunity of know-
ing when the operations of the Army were likely
to be interrupted by the civil authority, and he
could suspend the writ without danger to the lib-
erties of the peoplejand if he should makean im-
proper use of the power and encroach upon the
liberties of the people without this necessity,
there would stana the Piesidcnt, armed with his
war power and bound by his.oath to remove
such officer and place a safer and better man in
his place. And that, in my view, is the limit of
his legitimate war'power.
Nor have any of the Presidents of the United
States, from the foundation of the Government,
taken upon themselves any of the responsibilities
or duties of a Commander-in-Chief of the Aimy
in the fit-Id, until since the 4th day of March, A.
D. 1861. Since that time a new interpretation
has been given to the Piesident's war power.
This power was given to the President that he
might defend himself and the dignity of his of-
fice, and that he might have power to maintain
the supremacy of the civil over the military power
of the country, that he might " preserve, protect,
and defend the Constitution," that he might secure
to the people the elective franchise free from mil-
itary interference, and to every citizen of this
broad land the right of trial by a jury of his
equals, and, above all other rights, to protect the
people fn m the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus by his military comanders, excepting in
cases " when the public safety " might require the
suspension. Tins new interpretation makes the
war power of the Piesident a weapon for the
overthrow and destruction of the very powers and
rights which it was {-laced in his hands to protect
and defend from the assaults and usurpations of
the military power. The liberties of the people
and the perpetuity of our foim of government
cannot be pieserved under any such interpreta-
tion of this war power of the President, and the
proof of ihia position is written m the history of
this country duung the past three yeats.
Look a moment at this history, marked and
bloody with the record of blundeis occasioned by
this new interpretation of the President's war
power. Itwastiom this city and from this power
that emanated the cry of "On to Richmond!"
that ended in the disgraceful defeat at Bull Run,
ami sent our Army back to this city a disoigan-
iz.ed and a dangerous mob. It was the conuol-
ling influence of this power in the hands of the
President that disposed of our forces and led to
our defeat at the battle of FuirOaksand the seven
days' fighting in front of Richmond. And when
Bumsidc asked that he mighwnot fight the battle
of Fredericksburg, his orders fiom our Com-
mander-in-Chief were to fight the battle, and
thousands of our best and bravest men were left
heaped up dead upon that unfortunate field, sac-
rificed to the military ambiiion of a mere civilian,
in his attempt to be the Commander-in-Chief of
the Army, and one hundred thousand widows and
orphans aie to-day heaping curses upon his head
for thus attempting to use a power that was placed
in his hands (or a different purpose. When we
look through this history we cannot fail to see
enough to make us doubt the interpretation that
places this war power m the President to control
our gener.ds in the field, embanass our armies,
and sacrifice our soldiers It must have been
placed there for a very different purpose. The
assumption of this wan power has made the ai my
of the Potomac almost worthless m this war; and
it now remains to be seen whether Geneial Grant
will be permitted to command that army or whether
the disappointments and disgrace of his predeces-
sors await him. This power proved the disgrace
of Pope and Burnside, and the saciiilce and re-
moval of i\leCielian. If the President believed
McClellan incompetent for ins position, or dan-
gerous to the libeilies of the people, or liable to
encroach upon the Constitution, then it was his
duty to icmove him and appoint ins successor,
and that was the limit of his war power under the
Consu'ution.
But when we turn from the consequences of this
new interpretation of the war power upon the
Army tu its effects upon the Government, the Con-
stitution ,and fhe civil institutions of the country,
wesae the danger of this interpretation it was to
protect this Government, the Constitution, and j
these civil institutions, that he, as the servant of I
the people, was invested with this power, and it i
was for this purpose alone that his official oath
was requited of him. Our fathers left us, reared
and finished, a temple of liberty, so high that the
oppressed of all lands could see it, and us shadow
fell upon and protected the rights of every human
being in this great land, and so simple and so
beautiful that a child could comprehend and ad-
mire it. This bright temple has been torn down,
and a most cruel, wicked, and monstrous military
despotism has been reared upon its rums. The
rightsof citizens are not respected underthelaws
of States or the Constitution and laws of the United
States, and all the protection afforded by State
courts and State laws and constitutions to the citi-
zen is set aside and disregaided.
The Constitution declares that "the privilege
ofthc writof habeas coiyus shall not be suspended,
unless when, in cases of lebellion or invasion,
the public safety may require H." What rebel-
lion has there been, or is there now, in the State of
New I-Iampshite? In what respect did the pub-
lic safety require its suspension in the State of
Pennsylvania? And yet there is not legal power
enough in that State to take a man, unjustly re-
strained of his liberty, from this military power
and secure him a trial. I\3en are arrested with-
out warrant, condemned without trial, and pun-
ished without conviction.
It is said in the discussions upon this subject
that slavery must be abolished to produce same-
ness in our institutions, our interests, and our
opinions; and it is called " homogeneity," and is
stated in another way by the words " irrepressi-
ble conflict." The man who first made use of
the term " irrepressible conflict" did not say a
new thing, but a very wicked one. Philip H'of
Spain was accomplishing the sartie thing when
he attempted to make all of his subjects of one
religion; he inaugurated an "irrepressible con-
flict" to compel all of his subjects to think and
believe as he did, and at a period when Spain was
the most powerful nation on earth, with a con-
tinual stream of gold running into his treasury,
he carried on a most cruel and destructive war
for thirty years, with all the power of his great
empire, against a few Dutchmen in the Nether-
lands and was beaten and defeated m the contest.
He failed to either "conquer or extei minate"
them. The Puritans of New England were at-
tempting the same thing when they burned the
Q,uak«'is and dtove clergymen from their colo-
nies. And if it were not the negro and the South
toward which this fanaticism is directing its en-
ergy, its zeal, and its vengeance, it would be the
Quakers, the Catholic religion, or some temper-
ance question.
The trouble is not that slavery existed, but that
a wild, unrelenting, vindictive, wicked, and cruel
fanaticism existed, and happened to fasten its
deadly fangs upon slavery. This necessity for
abolishing slavery is an effort upon the part of the
stj ong to justify its crimes against the weak. This
sameness of institutions, interests, and opinions
cannot bo accomplished, and it would be wrong
to do so if it could. As well might we attempt
to level the mountains and fill up the valleys and
the rivers and lakes and oceans, and make the
whole earth one dead level plain and worthless.
God made the mountains and the valleys and
the livers and oceans for our good, and He gave
men different minds, interests, institutions, and
opinions for ourgood, and the lemedy for those
who differ with others in institutions and opin-
ions is for every man, and the people of every
State and of every Government, to mind their
own affairs, and respect the opinions and the in-
terests and institutions of others, and not arro-
gate to themselves the right to manage the affairs
of otheis. Our system of governmentis founded
! upon this idea, and it had better be respected,
i The bill speaks of States whose authority has
| been usurped or overtluown. That happens to
! be the condition of all the States, Noith and
South,and we might turn our attention to the re-
construction^ of our own States; or it might, be in-
teresting to" inquire whether some gentlemen in
the southern congress, (rebel, if you please,) like
j the author of this bill, anxious for notoriety and
| perhaps a position at the head of a bureau, might
I not be orgamzinga system for reconstructing the
I northern States, with constitutions requiring a
republican form of government with slavery.
Neither party has power to enforce such law if
passed.
This word reconstruction appears to charm the
advocates of the bill. The only reconstruction
there ever can be is to spread the broad powers and
the kindly influence of the Constitution and laws
overall the land, when the usurpations of this mil-
itary war powershall be removed ;and thisapplies
as well to the North as to the South. I do not jus-
tify the secession of the southern Statps. It was
brought about by wicked and foolish men, who
deserve punishment—wicked, for they preferred
their ambitious projects to the good of their coun-
try; foolish, because they should have fought
their battles within the Union and under the Con-
stitution and the laws, and not upon their ruin.
But I have believed, and still do, that there are
good men, patriots enough, North and South, to
control and dispose of theabolitionists and seces-
sionists and once more restore our glorious old
Union.
The Constitution was the only bond of union
that bound the States together, and that instru-
ment has been equally suspended and destroyed
North and South, and there is no Union; all laws
and all constitutions have been swallowed up by
tke new interpretation given to this war power.
There is no Union to-day among the States not
in rebellion; they are kept together by this war
power, the force of habit, and the influence of
money and plunder, and the necessity of meet-
ing a common foe. We are now floating at the
mercy of chance and the waves upon a mere frag-
ment of our broken Union, and our pilot is be-
wildered by the contradictory "pressure" of his
advisers. And the New England wreckers are
not burning blue-lights to render aid and com-
fort to the enemy, but they are holding up false
lights that will complete the wreck.
One set of men tell him that universal emanci-
pation and reconstruction without slavery, as pro-
posed in this bill, will save his craft. I tell him
it will extinguish State rights and make our form
of government different from that left us in the
Constitution. Anotherset of men tell him tocon-
fiscate the lands of the South m fee and in viola-
tion of the plain provision of the Constitution
will restore the Union. I tell him that it will de-
stroy the last hope of reconstruction, and bring us
to the painful alternative of recognizing or anni-
hilating the South, and to neither of these con-
ditions am I prepared to give my consent. You
speak of bringing the South back. 1 ask, back
to what? back to where? It cannot be back to
the Constitution, for that Constitution has been
destroyed, and all civil rights have been destroyed
with it. And should they come back to the crude
and chaotic proclamations of the President's mil-
itary war power, that has made a camp of the en-
tire land? They have enough of war power at
home; and with this war power and its procla-
mations, and our confiscation acts and recon-
struction bureaus, there is no motive for the South
to come back. They can but faie worse than to
fight, and fight they do.
One hundred and forty thousand of the Amer-
ican people in my district have sent their sous to
the Army to fight for and maintain their Govern-
ment as laid down m the Constitution. They
have sent me here as their representative to main-
tain the same thing, and in their name I ask
what you have done with theirGovernment? On
the 4th day of March, 1861, they placed their
Government in your hands. And in that Gov-
ernment was secured to the people fiee speech, a
free press, security of person and property, and
the elective franchise undisturbed by military
power, and to those suspected of crime a fair and
speedy trial, and to all the benefit of the great
right of the writ of habeas corpus. What have
you done with this Government ? The one which
you have furnished secures none of these rights.
Shall I tell them you are not bound by youroath
in time of war; that when you made your oath
to " preserve, protect, and defend the Constitu-
tion" it was upon condition that we had no war?
When do you propose to restore to the people
their Government?
The interpretation which I claim for the Presi-
dent's war power is the only one which will per-
petuateour republican formofGovernment. The
history of every day winch passes over our head®
is full of meaning and confirm*? this position.
