1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
extraordinary service which is being rendered
now by nearly a million men, who are giving
their time, their talents, their blood, their lives,
and everything which pertains to them, for the
salvation of this country for a very insignificant
compensation. The distinguished gentleman who
is the Treasurer of the United States can do no
more than this. The country has a right to the
bent-fit of his services, and he haa no right to ask,
arid his friends have no right to ask, that the com-
pensation for those services should be increased
to §6,000 per annum, when so many men just as
worthy, just as intelligent, just as devoted to
their country, are sacrificing health and life and
their all for the salvation of this Republic.
it seems to me, without reference to increasing
this salary from $5,000 to $6,000, that the pre-
cedent which we are setting to the country ought
to be at once condemned and repudiated by the
representatives of the people who are making
sacrifices so unexampled in the history of the
country. I hope the House will take a dispas-
sionate view of this subject.
1 know the difficulty of reaching a question per-
taining to a report of a committee of conference,
but we reach a final conclusion upon a single
point, and in the event of the non-concurrence in
this report, I trust my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Pendleton] will at once move that the House
recede from their disagreement to the Senate
amendments to the extent that the committee itself
lias recommended. That disposes of everything
except thatone pointand two or three points from
which the Senate has receded. I trust, therefore,
that the House, in view of its former action, in
view of its duty to the country, will not hesitate
to adopt a policy consistent with the very best
and highest interests of our common constituency.
Mr. BLAINE. With the permission of the
gentleman from Indiana, I wish to state a few
facts which are, perhaps, not entirely known to
all the members of the House. When General
Spinner was appointed Treasurer of the United
Slates his salary was the same that is paid to the
chiefs of bureaus, the Auditors and Comptrollers,
$3,000 a year. During Ibis Administration it has
already been raised $1,000, and then another
<1,000, and it is now §5,000.
Mr. H0LA1AN. What was the salary of the
Treasurer at the time the present incumbent came
inlo office?
Mr. BLAINE. Three thousand dollars.
Mr. HOLM AN. And it has been increased
to §5,000?
Mr. ELAINE. It has been increased §9,000
on the top of that, whereas the Second and Third
Auditors, who are harder-worked officers, receive
still only $3,000. They have really more claim
to an increase than the Treasurer has.
1 do not think it will delay the business of the
session a single day to have another conference
upon this point, and I hope, for the credit of the
House, that it will maintain its consistency and
keep this salary at £,5,000.
Mr. HOLM AN. 1 trust that in view of the facts
now disclosed, and of which the House is well
informed, the report of the committee of confer-
ence will notbc concurred in, and that some gen-
tleman who represented the House on the com-
mittee wiil, so far as the committee recommends,
move that the House recede from its disagree-
ments, which will embrace everything in sub-
stance except the ninety-fourth amendment, upon
which another committee of conference can be
appointed.
The facts are now well understood. Here is
an officer—intelligent and competent, to be sure,
but not more so than other officers in the employ-
ment of the Government—whose salary at the
commeneementof the present Administration was
§3,000 a year. It was then increased to §4,000,
and then to §5,000, and now, by this amendment
anil by the report of the committee of conference,
it is proposed to increase it to §6,000. Here is
nn increase of salary in three years and u half of
§2,000. No gentleman can say that the respons-
ibilities of the office aie increased. The Treas-
urer of the United States is required to bring his
talents, his credit, and his experience to he ser-
vice of i he coun'ry at whatever compensation
exista at the time he assumes the lesponsibiliues
of the office. The present occupant of the office
assumed these responsibilities for §3,000. You
have added §2,000 a year to hits compensation
even at a time like this. I do trustthat the House
will not set an example of further increasing sal-
aries already munificent, in view of the hardships,
perils, and privations that are being suffered by
thousands and hundreds of thousands of men
equally entitled to our consideration at a compen-
sation so inadequate to the services rendered.
I trust, Mr. Speaker, that the House will not
overlook the importance of this question, but that
we will concur, to the extent recommended by
the committee of conference, in all the amend-
ments made by the Senate except this one amend-
ment. After the report of the committee of con-
ferenceshall have been non-concurred in,which is,
of course, the first step, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Pendleton] will undoubtedly propose to re-
cede from our disagreement to the Senate amend-
ments upon all points otherthan the ninety-fourth
amendment, upon which the committee of con-
ference has agreed. The duties of the committee
will then be reduced substantially to one point,
and upon that point we cannot doubt that the
Senate will recede.
Mr. STEYENS. I desire to geta vote on this
report pretty soon,and that is why 1 have risen,
and also to correct a matter of fact upon which my
friend from Maine [Mr. Blaine] does not seem
to be very well posted. He spoke of the Audit-
ors doing as much work as the Treasurer of the
United States. If he had inquired into the matter
he would have found that no officer of this Gov-
ernment, I do not care who he is, does one third
as much labor in a day or works so many hours in
a day as the Treasurer. Scarcely a day passes
over his head when he is in bed before midnight.
The Assistant Treasurer in New York who does
not do half the labor gets §6,000 a year The
office of United States Treasurer in Washington
three years ago was almost a nominal office.
There was scarcely anything to do at that time.
There passed through his hands, for which he
was responsible, less than §10,000,000 a year.
Now there passes through his hands, for which
he is responsible, upwards of $1,300,000,000 a
year. And gentlemen talk about §1,000 a year
additional to his pay when the debates in this
House of my friend from Indiana, for half the
morning hour, to save money, cost a great deal
more than this §1,000 which he is trying to save,
and which he says the country will understand.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have heard
that argument once before. Will the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, inasmuch as it is a matter
which will strike the public mind, explain how
it occurs that our remaining in session day after
day and month after month in deliberating on
questions of public concern increases the public
expenses so that we had better increase salaries
than devote any time to arguments ?
Mr. STEVENS. I am not complaining of the
gentleman.
Mr. HOLMAiS". The gentleman must recol-
lect that we arc paid by the year, that our whole
year of service is due to the public if required, and
that the public officers are all employed by the
y<Mr. STEVENS. I am not complaining of the
o-entleman. He occupies no more than his fan-
share of time. I like his vigilance very much.
I am only speaking of how small the item now in
question is, compared with what we expend every
day in our zeal for economy. As to tho people
seeing and condemning all this, I am afraid the
poor people would never have heard of it if my
friend from Indiana had not given notice, and I
question now whether anybody outside of his
own numerous readers will knowanythmgabout
it. [Laughter.]
But that is not the question. The question is
whether, for the responsibility of this billion of
dolltus that pusses through bis hands annually,
ami for those numerous hours in which he is wear-
ing away his life with severe labor, this pitiful
advance of §1,000 is too large an increase of sal-
ary. For my part I am sorry that this confei-
en'ee committee cut down the wages of the pooi
laborers about the grounds here. 1 rogiet the par-
simony of the Senate which docked these men.
But we cannothave everything our own way, and
I am willing to concur in the whole n-poit.
Mr. PENDLETON resumed the Moor, but
^Mr.VENTON, who said: Mr. Speaker, I have
no desire to discuss this question. I only use to
correct a remark of the gentleman- from Maine,
[Mr. Blaine,] who said that the Second Auditor,
or some Comptroller, has harder work in his office
than the Treasurer has. '
Mr. BLAINE. As hard.
Mr. FENTON. Thpt may be. I only desire
to say, Mr. Speaker, that there is no officer under -
the Government whospends more hours ill labo-
rious industry than General Spinner does. ;
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, the sum
agreed upon by the conference committee a? an
increase of the compensation of the Treasurer
of the United States is hut a small increase com-
pared with the increase of the price of living,.and
but very small compared with the increase of
labor in his office. Believing that this Adminis-
tration has one man of honesty and integrity m
that Department of the Government, one man
whose honesty I feel 1 can indorse, I am ready
to vote for paying him §6,000 a year, or more, if
the immense labor thrown upon him justifies it.
1 hope, therefore, that the report of the confer-
ence committee will be concurred in, giving him
a reasonable compensation for the labor, the hon-
esty, and the integrity with which he discharges
his duty.
Mr. PENDLETON resumed the floor.
Mr. FRANK. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to yield to me. ■ 1
Mr. PENDLETON. I will yield fora moment.
Mr. FRANK. Mr. Speaker, there is no mem-
ber of this House more opposed to increase of sal-
aries at the present time than myself; but I think
the case of the Treasurer of the United States an
exception. His arduous and constant labors, the
vast responsibility resting upon him, and the large
bonds necessary to be given, all show the justness
and propuety of agreeing to the report of the
committee of conference.
It was stated a few moments since by the gen-
tleman from Indiana that the salary had been and
now was again to be increased without any in-
crease of duty. The gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Blaine] intimated the same thing, although not
in as broad terms. Both gentlemen, no doubt
unintentionally, have erred as to the facts. We
have just heard from the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means that the business of
the office had increased some one billion dollars;
but, sir, the increase is even larger than that. 1
find in the last report of the Secretary of the
Treasury the aggregate transactions at the office
of the Treasurer amounted in 1861 to §41,000,000, -
while in 1863 they amounted to j)2,696,000,000—
an enormous and unprecedented mcieuse, requir-
ing enlarged responsibility and care.
The Treasurer is required to give bonds to the
amount of §150,000, making him responsible to
that amount for the millions passing through his
Department. To a certain extent lie is also re-
sponsible for the clerks and employes in lus office.
His responsibilities are greater than almost any .
other officer of the Government, and few would
assume those alone for the entire salary.
In addition to the duties devolving on liim
heretofore, he now has charge of the United States
bonds deposited as security by the national hanks,
amounting at present to millions, and soon will
amount to hundreds of millions of dollars.
can well afford to pay an honest, faithful public
servant the sum named, a less one than lus ser-
vices might command in private business, saying
nothing of the vast responsibilities resting on him
iu the transaction of such amounts as have been
named. In view of the facts others,.as well as
myself, have stated it would almost seem unne-
cessary to urge upon the House for a moment the
small increase of §1,000 asked by this repoit. It
may not be out of place forme to state that since
the appointment of the present Treasurer, now
more than three years, he has not left the city for
a single day, while many gentlemen present know
personally that his labors have been the mostar-
duous heretofore known in public business, such
as to almost ruin his health. _
Mr. BLAINE. I saw him this morning look-
ing very well. • . .
iVlr. PENDLETON. I must now insist on
my demand for the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw and allow me to submit a motion to non-con-
cur ill the report of the committee of conference.
Mr. PENDLETON. I will withdraw the mo-
tion for that purpose.
