1066 >
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
opportunity of oppression, of coining the sweat
of the negro into gold, by deploring the misery
of the slave, and that, too, sir, in the midst of
your great army of the South.
The result of your policy so far is that you have
now a half million of these unfortunate creatures
on your hands fed out of the public Treasury,
and when you attempt to make their labor avail-
able the unrestrained cupidity of the new masters
adds untoid agonies to slavery. This is shown
by your own records. If it weakened the enemy
it was a justifiable measure of war to deprive the
master of his slave. You cannot return the slave
to his rebel master; you cannot violate your faith;
you cannot disregard the claims of humanity re-
sulting from your reckless policy. But, sir, with
these three million and a half of slaves now with-
in the rebel lines made free by the actual advance
and success of your armies, if they cannot main-
tain their freedom, achieved not by proclamations
but by your military force, I ask you what guar-
antee have you in proclamations and laws? Laws,
to be effective, unless sustained by military force,
must have the sanction of the public judgment.
The history of all fragments of the'race has proved
" that lie that would be free himself muststrike the
blow." Oppression has never extinguished the ca-
pacity for freedom in any people who in the past
have achieved or maintained civil government. In-
deed, sir, the reverse is true. The oppressed t>f one
generation, however few or numerous, however
barbarous and unlettered, taught by oppression,
have in due time become equals or the masters.
Such has never been the fortunes of the African,
one hundred million people, though empire and civ-
ilization lingered on the borders of his continent for
twenty centuries; while the German and the Gaul,
driven from the forests and swamps of the Dan-
ube and the Rhine by imperial Rome, after gen-
erations of anguish, of oppression unknown to
modern times, seizing the implements of their la-
bor, overthrew impeiial armies, and in progress
of time became the masters of the Roman empire.
This is no argument for injustice to or for oppres-
sion of the African, because of his docility and
weakness. It only exposes the difficulties you
encounter from the nature of the subject. While,
sir, in my own humble record there is no one word
in behalf of slavci y, while 1 have ever deplored
its existence as a just reproach to theAmeiican
people, as a stain on the proud record of our his-
tory, in view of the domestic sovereignty of the
States I have ever deemed the attempt to make
it the element of political strife to gratify paltry
ambition, and ultimately with no higher motive
to make it the cause of a lemoiseless and fiatn-
cidal war, involving the fortunes and imperiling
the freedom of uncounted and unborn millions of
the white race, as the most wicked and inexcus-
able act thatcver stained the history of mankind.
With these views, sir, I submit, that if the
African enfranchised by your arms is not able to
maintain his freedom where thrown together in
vast numbers as in the youth, your proclama-
tions and laws will be of no avail to protect him;
his freedom must be constantly asseited by your
military force at the expense <>f yoni labor and
your liberty. Your Bureau of Freed men's A (fans,
with its countless horde of civil officers, supported
by the toil and labor of your citizens, swelling
the enormousdebt from which we now recoil with
amazement and fear, will be idle philanthropy.
Freedom is not nourished by thegentlc zephyrs, it
is the offspring of the storm. If, then, the Afri-
can, enfranchised by your arms, is notable to
maintain that freedom by inherent forceofcharac-
ter, you must maintain it by apermanent military
force, which implies the subjugation of the white
race, or you must colonize him beyond the reach of
the rapacity of the white man—this is the only al-
ternative,sir—or you must reorganize your Gov-
ernment without reference to this unfortunate
race, keeping your faith so far as it is alieady
plighted by your impracticable policy, by your
attempt to equalize the African as a soldier to the
steady courage of the white race, and trust to time
and humanity for the remedy. This, sir, oT you
plant in your political system, by the mif.eiablc
empiricism of this hour, which overlooks nil the
forms of disease except one, the germs of that
system of £overnment in which the African will
indeed be made the equal of the white race in
the universal prostration of liberty.
For myself, sir, I have ever believed that the
restoration of the constitutional Union established
by our fathers involved the safety and liberty of
the American people. On the 18th day of July,
1861, on this floor, sir, I declared what I deemed
to be the purpose of the war. I then said:
" What is the objeotof the war? It is not lor the pm-
poso of conquest or subjugation ; not, to enlarge thepoweis
of the Government, nor to establish the supieinacy of* the
one section of the Union or diminish the social or political
rights ot the other. But \ say, sir, herein my place,In the
presence of the representatives of the people, on the autboi-
ity of a well-defined public opinion, that the sole and only
pui pose of the people of the United States in this appeal to
arms is to maintain the Umfcn under the* compacts .md safe
guards of the Constitution." "So laras the^reat West is
concerned there can bebntonesentiment: there can be no
compromise at the expense of the Union, there c.m be no
settlement of pending difficulties ever pt on the basis of the
Constitution and the Union of the State*. The constitu-
tional rights of no loyal citizen are to be unpaired. The
domestic and social jmlicy of no State is to be invaded.
The constituted powers of the Genera) Government ai e to
be sustained, not to be erilaiged. It is war for the Union,
and not for the subjugation of States."
Did anj^ gentleman then dare to question the
correctness of this declaration? It is and has been
the creed of the Democratic party. From this
position, sir, 1 have never varied; upon this basis
1 have been the uniform advocate of the war as a
terrible necessity, and such I am still. Five days
afterwards the hoary-headed patriot and states-
man, whom we saw rise on this spot, calm and
majestic in the midst of univeisal alarm, submit-
ted to this House the resolution declaring the ob-
ject of the war—the last great service he was per-
mitted to attempt for his countiy! How eagerly,
sir, this House accepted the lesson of his wisdom,
how painful, sir, to lemembet that a blind fanat-
icism extinguished the hope it inspired, that the
counselor whom God, in His mercy, had spared
to us from the golden age of the Republic, should
fall in the midst of the nation's agony, conscious
that wisdom and moderation had deserted the
helm of State, that the fate of his country was at
the meicy of the storm. You talk of "loyalty.
Where is your loyalty to your plighted faith?
If that faith had been maintained the agony of
apprehension would be passed. If the nation
perishes, the men who violated that faith are alone
responsible. Even yet, sir, I confidently believe
that, on the basts of the Piesident's amnesty, but
requiiing only unconditional submission to the
Constitution of the United States—the original-
ly declared purpose of the war—this unnatural
rebellion, by the disaffection of the people from
their wicked and ambitious leaders, would speed-
ily melt away before the flash of your bayonets,
and the deluded masses driven into the rebellion
would hasten back to the old ark of safety, and
the State governments would spimg up on the
old foundations, not as miserable oligarchies, fit
instruments of power, but as republican States,
vital with the life of popular consent; the Con-
stitution, not the President, the master, with its
segis to protect and its sword to punish—this is
constitutional liberty. On this ground the Dem-
ocratic party has stood from the beginning. On
this ground, sir, we have voted every dollar and
every measure you have required for the war.
On this basis, vvai fot the maintenance of a con-
stitutional Union would command united energy.
Hut, sir, whatever may be the errors of this
Administiation, however unwisely it may have
wasted the national snength, the duty of the citi-
zen -is plain—he may not on any pretense desert
his country. The fate of that country is in the
hands of its people, their virtue and. wisdom can
alone save it. The war, the immediate and inev-
itable result of secession, but produced by miser-
able partisan feuds between the North and the
South for political power, is still upon us; itopens
up still, as in the beginning, the only hope of re-
storing the Union. The subjugation, not of the
people of the South, nor of the States of the South,
but the armed rebels of the South, is the first step
in restoring the Union. If when this is done, sir
—and it will be done if there is one tithe of the
wisdom in your counsels that (here is of courage
in your soldiers in the field—this Government, in
the spirit of magnanimity which becomes a great
people, rejecting the promptings of lesentment and
of vengeance, looking only to the public liberty,
fdiall invite the loyal people of the South and the
unfortunate masses who have been the victims of
the remoiseless ambition of Jefferson Davis and
his conspirators, to restore their State govern-
ments on their old foundations, subject only to
the mastery of the Constitution, we may in-
dulge the reasonable hope that the toils and suf-
ferings of our gallant Army, the grief and agony
of our people, will be compensated by the lesto-
ration of the Union under the sacred shield of the
Constitution, time will wear away the fearful
footprints of war, and our children may rejoice
not only in the courage but in the virtue, the wis-
dom, and the forbearance of then* fathers.
We could not in the beginning, we can not now,
aftersuch fearful sacrifices,consentthatthe Union
should be dissolved. Bat to restore the Union, the
CoiLbtitution mini be maintained. The conspira-
tois against it, North and South, must be over-
thrown. It is tl\e life and spirit of the Union.
If it shall perish, torn to pieces and dishonored
by force, or annulled by the stealthy encroach-
ments of secret ambition, the Union will be no
more. The Constitution, the Union, and liberty,
tln^se in this Republic are inseparable. While
the Constitution lives there is hope, hope for us
and for our children. If it shall survive this
storm of war, if it shall escape its deadly enemies,
fanaticism and ambition, if the spint of its illus-
tnous authors shall inspire the counsels of the
people, our children and our children's children
may yet enjoy for ages the blessings of a free
Republic. But if the people shall permit the hand
of fanaticism to mutilate and tear it, or ambition,
in the madness of power, to trample it down, or
with stealthy purpose to extinguish its vitality
and power, the rums of this Republic will stand
as a perpetual monument of the madness and folly
of this generation.
MISSOURI PROTEST.
Mr. McCLURG. Mr. Chaiiman, I desire to
take this opportunity to do justice to some brave
men of my State, and ask attention for but a few
minutes.
1 ask attention to one sentence of the protest of
the four radicals of this House from Missouri,
which has been heretofore spoken of and was em-
bodied in Senator Brown's speech. Thatsentence
is as follows:
"In Auqu.st, Cofiee, Oockrill, and others were allowed
to match a large fotce into the liver counties on the west
of the State, and defeated the Fedeial forces in the disas-
tion-- haitie of Lone Jack, in winch out loss w as in killed
and wounded very gieat."
Mr. Chairman, I have read this sentence in
order to justify the four radicals, and in order to
do that justice which should be extended to as
brave men as ever fought an enemy; 'that justice
which i had supposed had long since been done
by a published report of that battle in which a
Spartan band of Federals was overpowered by
the vastly superior numbers of the enemy. It
now appeals that that leport, from some cause,
was never made public, and it appears from the
letter which I will read, that feais are enteitained
that the sentence in that piotest which I have
read, without some explanation such as tins, will
place that noble handful of men in a false position.
I am pleased that my speech of the 9th instant
was delivered before the receipt of this letter and
report, as I took occasion, in defending the gal-
lant eighth, to speak of two of the companies that
fonglu at Lone Jack, those of Captains Moore and
Owen.
We uttered in that protest the truth. It was a
disaster to the Federal forces, but every man ill
that hard-fought battle, on the Federal side, re-
mains, and will through all time, coveied with
wounds or honors, or both.
A truer and braver man than he who wrote the
letter and report which I will read, Major Emory
S. Foster, seventh cavalry, Missouti State militia,
never drew the breath of life. He fell on that day,
having received a wound in front, then supposed
moital, a ball through the body. Hesuivived
and to-day is in the seivice of his countiy leady
to fa.ee the enomy. lie belongs to the gallant sev
enth, a regiment of dete i tinned, brave, uidical men.
The letter arid report are as follows:
Ji:ff).Rsn>; City, Missouri, Maich '■>, 186-1.
Coi.onmi J noticed in Mi.K.su's speech in the House
some days ayo he an icked G^neta! Loan. Colonel 1>oyi>,
and jwuiself, in leiraid ro the nulUi.i.
Allow ine to <-ay tint in <p"aking of the dtvn«ter ar Lone
Jack. I think you and the otliei ^eniienten signni^ the me-
morial to the Senate did an unintentional wrong to the men
tii.it fought at Lour .hick.
Although the cause was itijuied. and the whole Union
foice defeated tinouirh mismanagement somewheie, the
men who did the fiylitins: were ele.uly wctmiMis as ever
men were. In thi^. the hloodiett battle thai had evoi been
