2042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
ereigns. They act through their representatives
and executive officers, but they are the respons-
ible, the absolute sovereigns. Does it not follow
as inevitable logic that when they make an un-
just war, if conquered, all their property, public
and private,is subject to forfeiture ? " Whoever
takes up arms without a lawful cause can ab-
solutely have no right whatever." (Vattel,378 )
It was on this principle that the Romans took
private property. <s In wars between republics,
the quarrel was in reality the common cause of
all the citizens,'* says Vattel,388. The war was
theirs and the property was theirs. They were
the absolute sovereigns, as was well said by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Wadsworth ]
The confederate States is a republic, however bad
may be its citizens. The majority necessarily
speaks for all. Their sovereign power have de-
clared war, and all their property is subject to the
laws of war. As 1 have often said, no one ad-
vises the execution of the extreme right. But the
right exists and ought to be enforced against
the most guilty. To allow them to return with
their estates untouched, on the theory that they
have never gone out of the Union, seems to me
rank injustice to loyal men.
The gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Blair,]
whose speech contains the distilled virus of the
copperhead, who is not present, but has patriot-
ically gone forth to command large armies with-
out a commission, is as unhappy in stating the
positions of his opponents as he is in answering
the true ones. He says:
"The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
ndoptsthe plan of making the penally ot death and levying
a fine and selling in perpetuity the e? tate of a percon at-
taintcdoj treason, accomplishing what a pailiauientary at-
tainder did in England."
1 said no such thing. On the other hand I said
there could be no such thing as attainder under
our laws. The Constitution forbid* the passing
such a bill; and conviction for treason works no
such consequence here. I contended for the for-
feiture of the property of the rebels as enemies;
and so is the act of Congress.
He says that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
"treated with scorn the idea that States held m
duress by the rebel power have any right to look
to our laws and Constitution for protection."
This is a false statement of my position. If the
armies of the confederate States should overrun a
loyal State and hold it in duress, that State would
have a right to appeal to the Constitution for pro-
tection. But a State which by a free majority
of its voters has thrown off its allegiance to * he
Constitution, and holds itself in duress by Us own
armies, is estopped from claiming any-protection
under the Constitution. To say that such a State
is within the pale of the Union, so as to claim
piotection under its Constitution and laws, is but
the raving of a madman.
To escape the consequence of my argument he
denies that the confederate States have been ac-
knowledged as a belligerent, or have established
and maintained independent governments dcfaclo.
Such assumnce would deny that there was a sun
in the heavens. They have a congress in which
eleven Slates are represented; they have at least
three hundred thousand soldiers in the field; their
pickets are almost within sight of Washington.
They have ships of war on the ocean destroying
hundreds of our ships, and our Government and
the Governments of Europe acknowledge and
treat them as privateers, not as pifates. From
whom do privateers get their commissions ex-
cept from o Power independent either de jure or
de facto ? There is no reasoning against such im-
pudent denials.
But not only the member from Missouri, but
gentlemen of much more importance deny that
the rebel States, so far as they are concerned, are 1
out of the Union. It follows that, being in the j
Union, they have all the rights of other States. !
If they have such rights and should come here at ;
the next presidential election and claim them,
where does such doctrine lead you to? It leads
you into subjection to traitors and their northern j
allies. If they are in the Union, where are their ;
representatives on this floor? Every one of the :
United States is entitled to have members here j
and Senaiois in the other branch. Where are }
these evidences of existing States? They are at |
Richmond, where the Congress of the Union does !
not sit. |
But it is said that the Constitution does not al- 1
low them to go out of the Union. That is true,
and in going out they committed a crime for which
we are now punishing them wlthfiie and sword.
What are we making war upon them for? For
seceding, for going out of the Union against law.
The law forbids a man to rob or murder, and
yet robbery and murder exist de facto but not de
jure.
The gentleman, with characteristic modesty,
says that those who declare the States outlawed to
the Union preach the doctrine of secession as much
as Jeff. Davis. Does the man who declares that
murder or larceny exists give countenance to
those felonies? The one is as reasonable a de-
duction as the other. If the fiction sometimes
used in courts of equity that whatever ought to
be shall be considered as existing be true in fact,
then the rebel States are in the Union. If the
naked facts palpable to every eye, attested by
many a bloody battle-field, and recoided by every
day's hostile legislation both in Washington and
Richmond, are to prevail, then the rebellious
States are no more in the Union, in/act, than the
loyal States are in the confederate States. Nor
should they ever be treated so until they repent
and are rebaptized into the national Union.
The gentleman from Missouri, fatally bent
on mischief, anxious to distract and destroy the
Republican party, and to alienate the President
from his true fuends, that he and his household
may reign supreme, proceeds through most of
his speech to assail the motives of members of
the House, to attack a member of the Cabinet,
and allege that the doctrines held by a majority of
our friends, of all who went for the repeal of the
restraining resolution, were uttered with a view
to assail the President and play into the hands of
a rival candidate for the Presidency. He speaks of
the doctrines proclaimed by the organ of i he Treas-
ury Department. Who does he mean? Who is the
organ of the Treasury Department here? Sir, I
believe there is no such organ among us. But in
ins insatiable hate he must drag in the name of
the Secretary of the Treasury to vent his malig-
nity. I had heard of such assaults before. 1 do
not know what cause of offense the gentleman
has against the Secretary. His attack, however,
will not prevent the people from giving credit to
that gentleman for great ability and unspotted pur-
ity of character. Since the days of Alexander
Hamilton no abler or honester man ever filled that
place. But that gentleman would not thank me
for attempting his defense until some more danger-
ous enemy assails him. He speaks of our attempts
to sa- 'ifu-e the whites to the blacks, to introduce
amalgamation of the races and to create negro
equality. When the gentleman thus accuses the
Republican party he knows that he utters a foul
and malignant libel. The Republican party never
held such docuincs, never uttered such a wish. I
rejoice that in the vote which was taken soon after
his speech not a man was found with him who
ever belonged to the Republican party. He only
was found voting with the hereditary enemies of
the Administration. That was right. " He went
to his place."
The gentleman speaks of my remarks as an
"entanglement of eon traduction" and " a catalogue
of inconsistencies." As this only touches my
capacity for aigument, I take no offense at it.
The gentleman cannot think more humbly of my
abilities than I do myself. When he comes to
speak of motives, however, it is a different thing.
To show the temper winch animated him, 1 will
give a few extiacts from his carefully prepared
speech. He says;
-'No gentleman, either North or South, ever assorted the
biH-ej-Mon eau-sC so boldly in the lorutn as the gentleman
hum Pemi-jlvanu. It looks like an attempt to play into
tin- hands ot some nval candidate (or the Presidency, who
would array a puity against the President to drive him to
- urremlei his, conviriioiis and bieak hi>oaih to suppmt the
Constitution. lam apprehensive that the gentleman is
anxiou- to ^addle the resident with the odium ofdoetrines
which iii e known to be tho-^e of livai a*pii ante for the Pres-
idency. Of a piece with the inqensotH but rather distn-
genuou:- as-ault of the gentleman irom Pennsylvania on the
Pies-dent is, an occurrence which took place in the other
end oi the Capitol."
When I state that I had made no allusion to
the gentleman from Missouri, that 1 gave no pre-
text for hostility, 1 leave_the House to discover
if it can the motives which dictated such gratu-
itous attacks.
The gentleman says that the Republicans do
not agree with the President on the question of
colonization; that he is for the segregation of
the races, while we are for leaving them on the soil
to cultivate it for wages. In that he is probably
correct. There is a difference of opinion among
the friends of freedom on that question. But
that does not imply hostility to each other. It
is a question on which men may honestly differ.
I have never favored colonization except as a
means of introducing civilization into Africa.
Itseffectupon slavery was injurious. It was a
salve to the consciences of slaveholders and their
advocates. Asa means of removing the Africans
from the country it was puerile. All the reve-
nue of the United States would not pay for the
transportation of one half their annual increase.
The scheme of colonizing them m South America
(which, I believe, was the gentleman's plan) was
a very shallow vision. They were averse to
removing from their native land; their forcible
expamation would be as atrocious a crime as
stealing tin m m Afiica and reducing them to
bondage. Five hundred were lately seduced to
go to an island near St. Domingo. Such as have
not died in six months have been brought back at
our expense. 1 hope this will be the last of the
unwise and cruel schemes of colonization which
were fostered and procured by the gentleman's
advice.
The gentleman cannot conceive that those who
advocated the repealing resolution were actuated
by patriotic and disinterested motives. He says
it is an attempt to play into the hands of some
rival who would array a party against the Presi-
dent. Sir, no one but a mousing politician would
seek for such motives for the action of members in
the dischaige of their official duties. If his sup-
position be true, how few fiiends the President
has in this House is shown by the vote. Not a
man of the Republican party can be found re-
corded among his friends, for they all voted for
the resolution. His friends must be sought for
on that theory among the respectable copperheads
on that side of the House, and the few nonde-
script allies who went with the gentleman from
Missoun. But, sir, the truth is otherwise. The
friends of the President and the friends of free-
dom are the majority who passed that resolution.
I will not say that ail others are the enemies of
freedom, but they are certainly not friendly to
the Executive.
None but demagogues incapable oflofty thought
would ever have charged on the Republicans the
designs imputed to them by the gentleman from
Missouti. No other gentleman was found so un-
charitable or ungentlemanly as to doit.
As to rival candidates for the Presidency I know
of none such. I do not believe that the present
discreet Executive has made any movement or
expressed any wish for reelection. I think the
same of all the members of the Cabinet. I sup-
pose that no man, whether in or out of the Cabi-
net, would oppose his wish to the will of the peo-
ple if they should call upon him to serve. But
his appetite for office must be morbid who would
covet the presidential chair m these troublesome
times unless he believed he could renderessential
service to the nation.
The charge that these principles are invented to
serve a presidential candidate is absurd 1 held
and promulgated precisely the same doctrine in
1861 when there was no thought of the presiden-
tial election. I believe now among the people
there is entire unanimity. Every man, except
the friends of the great Cunctator, believes Mr.
Lincoln to be an honest and patriotic man. So
far as 1 have observed they look to him to end
this rebellion and extirpate slavery. I do not be-
lieve he is m any danger of becoming unpopular
through his own acts; nor do I believe that even
the constant boast by the gentleman from Mis-
souri and his kindred that they are the especial
friends and organs of the President can sink him.
If that cannot, certainly nothing else can. I admit
that the organization of his Cabinet is not satisfac-
tory to the country. But the people make proper
allowance for the difficulties of his situation; they
understand how he has probably been deceived, hi
common with the Republican party, by the apos-
tacy of men who had his and his party's confidence.
The people regret the malign influence which has
ostracized one at least of our ablest and purest
majorgenerals. If they believed that his next Cab-
inet would contain men who denounced theultra-
Republican or anti-slavery party m seeking to
