20
THE CONGRESSIONAL "GLOBE.
December 14,
States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Territories.
TEIUIITOUY OF MONTANA.
Mr. ASHLEY also, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a bill to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Montana; which
was read a firat and second* time, and referred to
the Committee on Territories.
ENLISTMENT OF COLORED PERSONS.
Mr. ASHLEY also, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a joint resolution to authorize
the enlistment of colored citizens in the rebellious
districts; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. ASHLEY. I desire to have that joint
resolution read and put upon its passage.
Mr. COX. 1 object to that.
Mr. A3HLEY. Then I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military A {fairs, and
printed.
Mr. COX. 1 ask that the joint resolution be
reported.
The joint resolution was read. The preamble
lecites that the President of the United States, by
his proclamation of October 17, 1803, has called
upon the several States to furnish their quota of
three hundred thousand additional troops on or
before the 5ih of January, 1864, notifying them
that unless their quotas shall be then full, the re-
mainder will ho supplied by draft; and that there
are probably five hundred thousand coloied citi-
zens within the military lines subject to military
duty by the laws of the United States, and resid-
ing in districts of country declared to be in rebel-
lion against the national Government.
The joint resolution provides that the officers
duly empowered by the President in the States
called upon to furnish their quotas be authorized
to enlist such able-bodied colored citizens, between
the ages of eighteen and forty-five, us they can
induce by State bounties, or otherwise, to volun-
teer in the military service of the United States,
which colored troops shall be accepted m accord-
ance with the rules and regulations of the War
Department; and that the peisons so entering
the set vice horn districts of country in rebellion
shall be credited to the respective quotas of the
States procuring their enlistment.
The resolution further provides that the troops
so enlisted, and all othereolored troops who have
been or may heienfter be mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States, shall receive the same
monthly pay, rations, &c.,as soldiersm like arms
of the service of the United States, and itiepeais
all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with its
provisions.
Thejoint resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
NOTICE OF A HILL.
Mr. ECKLiSY gave notice of a bill to allow a
pension to Christian Winger, who was wounded
while in the service of the United States, culled
into the service by the State of Ohio.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. YEAMAN introduced a bill to amend an
act to establish a comt for the investigation of
claims against the United States, approved Feb-
ruary 24, 1855, and to amend subsequent acts
concerning said court; which was read a fustaud
second time, and lefeiied to the Committee on
the Judiciary,
INSURRECTION AU* DISTRICTS.
Mr. TEAMAN a hso introduced a joint resolu-
tion concerning the lestoration of ihe civil author-
ity of certain States and of the United States
within regions once under the contiol of thy ex-
isting icbeliion, which wasiead a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary,
VOST ROADS.
Mr. MALLORY, in pursuance of previousno-
tice, inttoduced a bill to amend an aet entitled
"An act to establish certain post roads;" which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
ADJOURNMENT FOR HOLIDAYS.
Mr. MALLORY. I offer the following reso-
lution as a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. No privil eged question can
intervene during the morning hour. !
Mr. MALLORY. Is there any time when u
privileged question can be acted on ?
The SPEAKER. After the morning hour it
will be in order.
Several Members. Let the resolution be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Rcsolred, (the Senate conem ring,) That when the House
adjourns on Friday next, 18th December, R adjourn to
meet on the second Monday of January, 1864.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That res-
olution cannot certainly be in order at this time.
Mr. MALLORY. I understand that it was
held during the last Congress that a motion to ad-
journ was always in order as a privileged question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe it
was held that no motion was in order during the
call of States for bills on leave.
The SPEAKER. The object of the rule would
he entirely defeated if privileged questions were to
be entertained during the morning hour. There-
fore the Speaker of last Congress decided, and
the House concurred in the decision, that every
other business was excluded during the call of
States; but after the morning hour H will be in
order.
MILITARY EXEMPTIONS.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced a bill to repeal so
much of the thirteenth section of the act entitled
"An act for enrolling and calling out the national
forces, and for other puiposes,"approved March
3j 1863, as authorizes exemption' from military
service by the payment of $300, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Miiitary Affairs.
DEARBORN AND HAMILTON COUNTIES.
Mr. HOLMAN also introduced a bill for the
relief of the county of Dearborn, Indiana, and
the county of Hamilton, Ohio; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
FUGITIVE SLAVE LA"VV.
Mr. JULTAN introduced a bill to repeal the
third and foiuth sections of the act respecting fu-
gitives from justice and persons escaping from the
service of their masters, approved February 32,
1793, and the act to amend and supplementary
to the aforesaid act,approved September 18,1850;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
feu ed to the Committee on the Judiciary.
RIGHTS OF COLORED MEN.
Mr. LOVEJOY introduced a bill to give effect
to the Declaration of Independence, and also to
certain provisions of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the reading of the
bill.
The bill was read. It recites that all men were
created equal, and were endowed by the Creator
with the inalienable right to life, liberty, and the
fruits of honest toil; that the Government of the
United States was instituted to secure those rights;
that the Constitution declares that no person shall
be deprived of liberty without due process of law,
and also piovides—article 5, claused—that " this
Constitution, and the laws of the United States
made in pursuance thereof, shall be the supreme
law of the land, and the judges m each State shall
be bound theieby, anything in the constitution
and laws of anv State to the contrary notwith-
standing;" that it is now demonstrated by the
rebellion that slavery is absolutely incompatible
with the union, peace, and geneial welfare, for
which Congress is to provide. It therefore enacts
that ail persons heretofore held in slavery m any
of the States oi Territories of the United States
are declared freed men, and are forever released
from slavery or involuntary servitude, except as
punishment for crime, on due conviction. The
second section enacts that all poisons declared
free by the first section shall be piotected, as all
other free citizens are protected, from unreason-
able search and seizure, and shall be allowed to sue
and be sued, and to testify m cases in the courts
of the United States. The third section enacts
that if any person shall heieafter seize or arrest,
or cause to he seized or airested and imprisoned,
any slave declared free by the act, with intent to
reduce such slave to involuntary servitude or bond-
age, every person so offending shal1 be guilty of
a high misdemeanoi, and shall be subject to in-
dictmentand trial in any court of the United States
having competent jurisdiction, and, on conviction
thereof, shall be punished by imptisonment for
not less than one year or more than five years,
and by fine of not less than §1,000 or more than
$5,000.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the Chair entertain a
motion to lay that bill on the table?
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
It can be made when the bill is reported back.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I am informed that there is
to be a special committee 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. .Then tet the bill go to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
It was so referred.
PROTECTION OF FREEDMEN.
Mr. LOVEJOY also introduced a bill to protect
freedmen, and to punish anyone for enslaving
them.
Mr. HARDING called for the reading of the
biii.
The bill was read in full.
It was then read a second time,and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
COMMUTATION LAW.
Mr. ARNOLD introduced a bill to repeal so
much of the act entitled "An act for enrolling and
calling out the national foices, and for other pur-
poses," as authorizes the discharge of a person
dialled, on payment of £>300; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
PROCLAMATION OF EMANCIPATION.
Mr. ARNOLD also introduced a bill to aid the
President of the United States to carry into im-
mediate execution the proclamation of emanci-
pation of January 1, 1863, and prohibiting the
holding of certain persons as slaves' in all that
portion of the United States designated therein.
Mr. IIARDING called for the reading of the
bill.
The bill was read, as follows:
A bill to aul the President of the United States in carrying
into more immediate execution the pioclamauon of
emancipation issued by him on the 1st day of January,
A. D. 1863, piohibmnq the holding of certain persons as
slaves in all that poition of the United States designated
theiem.
Whereas the President of the United State.?, by his proc-
lamation issued on the 1st day of January, in the year
1863, a^ Commander-in-Chief of the Army thereof, did, ad
a lit and lawful nieaiw of .suppi easing the rebellion, in ac-
cordance with the laws ot vvai and with the dictates of
justice and humanity. Older, proclaim, and decluie that
all persons held as slaves within the limits of certain States
ami paitsof States therein designated were, and should
theteauer and foievcr bo, free; .uul that the executive, mil-
itary , and naval nuthonties would and should thencefor-
waid reeosrnr/.e and maintain the freedom of all such per-
sons ; and whereas by said pioclamation and oider the
I'n'^ident ha*> guarantied to all such per-orin their fieedom,
and has pledged the lanh and honor of the count)y that
their fteedom ^hall be tecognized and forever maintained;
and wheiea^ it n tiie light and the duly ot Congre&h to
make all laws* winch may be neecs-aiy and pioper lor ear-
lying into execution all the poweis. whethei civil or nuli-
taiv, vested by the Constitution in the Pie-identas Com-
nuuulei-iii-Chief of the Ai invalid Navy; and among such
nnhtaiy powers is that of making and executing the ptoela-
ination aforesaid; and whereas all pei-ons heretofore held
!if slaws, as aloresaid. \v ithin said designated States or pans
of State,-, aio now of light fieo, and ought to be hoieafter
loievei unmolested in the enju>mentof that freedom which
the Government or the United States bound to <k recog-
nize anil maintain
Xow, th<neloi p. for the put pose of carrying into more com-
plete and immediate execution the aforesaid proclamation,
and to .secure fotevcr the lecojrnit'on and maintenance
ol the freedom of all poisons designated theiem. and theieby
to | !ovt(je mote etVeeiually !oi ihe Mippie-saon of the rebel-
lion, the seeming of domestic tranquillity, the maintaining
ol the common defence, and the pi enervation of the liber-
ties of the people ;
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rc}>reienlatives of
(he United States of America in Congi as (trembled, That
in all States and pat in of States desisnated in ^aid pioclama-
tion as in lebellion. the reen«lavnu£ ot holding, or attempting
to hold, in slavery oi in m voluntasy servitude ol an) person
who shall have been made oi dechued to be free by s,aid
pi or latnation, or any ot then descendants, ftom and after the
date ot r-aid proclamation, otherw isi; than in punishment of
ci une wheieof the accused shall have been duly convicted,
is and shall be foiever piohibited, any law or leguiation of
either of such Stales to the eontraiv notwithstanding.
The bill was read a second time, and referred to
the Committee, on the .Tudieiaiy.
ILLINOIS LEGISLATION.
Mr. ARNOLD also introduced a bill declaring
the assent of Congress to an act of the State of Illi-
nois;. which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
