1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE*
amount of tax to be paid by those companies.
Tliey have in the first place to hire and pay the
railroad companies for ireight cars, and their ex-
hibits show that of their gross receipts they pay
out 80 per cent, for expenses of all sorts. So
that Ss per cent, upon the gross receipts is a very
large tax.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would like to say one word
further in reference to this amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only
Eroceed by unanimous consent, as debate is ex-
austed.
No objection was made.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to state a single fact
in regard to the extent that these companies can
bc-nrlnxation. Two weeks ago I wished to send
to the city of Cincinnati the remains of a dead
private soldier, whose friends desired his remains
to rest at their home. The passage of a citizen
from here to Cincinnati is $17. The charges
made for the transportation of the body of adead
soldier front this city to Cincinnati, as freight,
Was the sum of $40. _
I wish to say in this connection, that the State
of Fennsy) vania is the only State I know of which
seems to have a proper regard for the sacrifices
which are being made, both by the living, and the
affections of the living, for those who fall in our
service. ThatState makes arrangements by which
their dead soldiers go to their home for interment.
The express companies,which are here for the
favor of paying only 2| per cent, instead of the 5
per cent, imposed upon other persons engaged in
business, charged for the simple service of trans-
porting the remains of a dead soldier from here to
a poult but a short distance beyond the city of
Cincinnati, $40; and for its transportation a little
distance beyond, they charged f 5 where a private
individual would have chatged 75 cents. Now,l
do not see any reason why these companies
should be favored. On the contiary, I behove that
there is no department ofbusmess in the country
that pays sucli enoimous profits. 1 am told by
ihose familiar with the subject that all of these
companies have duplicated their stock, and still
the stock retains its actual value, the nominal price
at which it was originally established. Itis profit-
able beyond all measure, because they are en-
abled by monopolies to control the transportation
throughout the entire country. It does seem to
me that there is no reason why this reduction
should be made. I call for tellers on concutiiug
in the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McKiknet
and Thayer were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 35, noes C2.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
Six hundred and thirtieth amendment:
Strike out the followim;-section:
Sec. 178. 'dnd tic it further rnactci, That all spirits of
domestic puxUictinn ami held for s-alo on the 1st day ot May,
18S1, and tinon which no taxshall have been paid, shall he
subiect toadutv of JO cents per gallon, anil all such spirits
on hand for sale upon which a pri r iluty shflli have been
naid shall he ?ubicrt to a duty ot 30 cents per gallon . fro
vlilctl, That hona fide retail dealers m spirits duly licensed
shall not be taxeil on their stock mi hand vvlio=c quantity
oil hand does not exceed two barrels.
Mr. MORBJLL. This question has been so
often tried in the House that I suppose haidiy
any Gentleman desires to make up a further rec-
ord on the subject, i am assured by the inerius
of the proposition to tax liquors on hand that
they have absolutely no hope of its passing the
Senate. . . .,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to know who those friends ate.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 can see no reason for de-
taining the House on this subject. Everyday s
delay in the passage of this bill costs the Gov-
ernment at least half a million dollars. I think
gentlemen must be satisfied with the record, and
must also be satisfied of another thing, that if a
tax should be levied on liquors on hand it would
not reach the parties who have made most on
th<lvlr FERNANDO WOOD. In reply to the
"en tie man from Vermont I desire to say that
whatever this House or the other House may
have done upon tins question, there is a great prin-
ciple involved, and we are not prepared to yield
it in consequence of any precedents. 1 beueve
that if liquor on hand is taxed the revenue to be
derived fiom it will be three times what it would
have been heretofore. We know that manufac-
tories and stills have been going to an unpre-
cedented extent for the last three months in an-
ticipation of the passage of this bill, and that the
quantity that'can now be reached by the opera-
tion of the amendment of the House is unprece-
dentedly large. I am surprised, therefore, that
the gentleman is not prepared to avail himself of
the amount of revenue which can be derived frem
it. I hope the House will not concur in the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. NELSON. I move to strike out the pro-
viso to the section. This question has been very
fully discussed before the House, and the House
has, as far as it has been able, on various occa-
sions determined to tax the stock on hand. Upon
the one side of the Chamber they tell us that they
desire to furnish means to carry on the Govern-
ment. Upon this side of the Chamber some of us
say that we are ready to meet you and aid you
to the extent of our power in adding every dollar
possible to increase the revenue.
When this question first came before the House,
I, with others, voted to tax the slock on hand.
I did it because I honestly believed that it would
add more money to the Treasury. I honestly
believe now that this Government has lost mil-
lions of dollars by the debates that have been had
and the controversy upon this bill.
One thing further, Mr. Speaker. I find that we
upon tins side of the Chamber who were willing
to aid the Government by nil the men and means
necessary to quell the rebellion, we who joined
with the gentleman from New York in voting
with him when the question was first presented,
when the issue was presented to the country on
the tangible, and practical question of adding dol-
lars to the Treasury, every man who was ex-
tremely anxious to tax the stock on hand,because,
as they said, it would add money to the Treasury,
voted against the entire bill. .
Mr. Speaker, there is but one single point m
the issue, and that point is this: that the taxing
of this specific article on hand is out of the ordi-
nary course and rule of congressional action.
No other species of property has been taxed as
property. The theory and opeiation of the pres-
ent bill is that it is u taxation not on property
but on manufactures. That being so, I, tor one,
agreeing with those who desire to bring money
into the Treasury, also agree with those who
desire to stop this controversy, and to enable the
Government to commence the receipt of customs
from the proceeds of this business. When the
time comes that it will he the policy of a major-
ity of the House to tax property as property and
not as manufactures, then will gentlemen who
desire to put money into the Treasury join with
those who desire to tax the stock on hand. When
vou tax real estate, when you tax personal prop-
erty as property, not as manufactures, then we
can all join together. T
This controversy all arises from one cause. It
arises from the opinions of men who are opposed
to all taxation. The gentlemen ot the House
will find one fact, that every single man who is ex-
tremely anxious to tax; the stock on hand, on the
one side of the Chamber, invariably votes against
everv tax bill presented to the consideration ot
Congress. It is time that the country was re-
ceiving some money from this business; and the
quicker we get out of the disagreement among
ourselves the better it will be, at all events, for
the Government. . . ,
Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to op-
nose the amendment to the amendment
Mr. NELSON. I oak leave to withdraw the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
the gentleman withdrawing it. I must say that 1
was somewhat amused at the grave suggestion of
mv friend from Vermont [Mr. Mournix]made
to us in reference to this amendment, which is
deemed by a majority of the House veiy vital ap
important to their constituents who are the tax-
payer
commencement of this session been the champion
of exempting this great speculating-and gambling
interest from taxation that the friends of this
just taxation shall make no further record, tina
give no further trouble on the subject. X "®P®-
the gentleman's appeals will be disregarded. Hts
statements as to what the loss of the Government
has been, and what the future loss may .be, on
account of this delay, fall harmless before me.
Let us, as representatives of the people here, the.
immediate representatives of the tax-payers, do
our duty to our constituents and to the country.
If the Senate see fit to interpose, let the respons-
ibility fall upon that body.
I hope the House will insist first, last, and all
the time, on this amendment. If there be a de-
sire to save time and to let this bill go into opera-
tion, let the gentleman from Vermont call upon
his friends in the Senateto recede from their ac-
tion and accept the portion of the bill passed lix
this House. Let this tax fall upon those men
who are so well able to bear it, and let us have the
fifteen or twenty million dollars put into the
Treasury which we need now most grievously.
Mr. Speaker, I do not care to discuss this ques-
tion at length. I only desired to express the hope
that every man who has stood by this position
heretofore, on the grounds of its justice ana its
policy, will stand so to the end. We can stand on
this. I think the country has passed upon it. I
think that our constituents at home who have
canvassed our action are satisfied that this tax
shall be laid. ' ,
Mr NELSON. Can the gentleman name any
other article in this bill taxed as property?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman asked that question beforehand 1 am glad
that he has again reminded me of it. He o- ys it
is unusual to lay a tax of this description. 1 lell
him we have adopted a provision, which is now
a law, taxing liquors on hand. We have estab-
lished the precedent in the revenue bill which
passed in the earlier part of the session. We
imposed a tax on all foreign liquors on hand,anil
I want my friend from New York to tell me where
is the difference in principle between imposing .i
tax on foreign liquors on hand and imposing a
tax on domestic liquors on hand.
Mr. WILSON. I move the previous question
on this amendment of the Senate.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Is not the House
acting as in committee ? How can there be any
previous question
The SPEAKER. The motion is the same as
one to close debate.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Do not the same
rules apply as in committee?
The SPEAKER. The House is acting oa in
Committee of the Whole, and a motion lor the
previous question is precisely the same as a mo-
tion to close debate on an amendment under con-
sideration in committee.
Mr NELSON. I ask unanimous consent to
answer the question of the gentleman from Illi-
nois,
There was no objection.
Mr. NELSON. ' I reply to the gentleman from
Illinois that there is a wide distinction between
the two systems of taxation Our people never
before the present time have known suchathm0
as an internal revenue bill. It has now, however,
become indispensable under the circumstances for
the American people The need3sit.es of he Gov-
ernment require it. Congress has adopted a plan
of taxation, and I state to the gentleman fiom
Illinois that in that plan we have determined to
tax articles, not as property, but as fu-
tures. Whatever tax may be laid upon all iffl
ia'FheS'°-entleman from Vermont says that we
have maBde our iccord. We have. T is side has
made its record over and over again n lavor ot
imnosin" a iust and proper tax on the stock of
Xky on-'lmnd. In every instance hut one
where we have taken a vote there has beer
majority in favor of this proposit on. And now
we are asked by the gentleman who has fiom
tures, wnaievei mxa. muj ~i
ported articles furnishes no precedent for the tax-
ation of any article under our internal revenue
system, because that is an entirely different sys-
tem Our internal revenue tax is a system per
se in itself, and under that system no other article
is taxed as property.
Mr WILSON. I now ask for a vote on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
Mr 1NGERSOLL. I hope the gentleman
from Iowa will withdraw that demand for a mo-
^Mr'. WASHBURNE, of Illinois If the de-
mand for the previous question is to be Willi
drawn I desire to be heatd in reply to the gentle-
man from }Sfew York.
Mr. INGERSOLL. My constituents are vciy
