3020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
deeply interested in thisquestion,andIask unan-
imous consent to enable me to say a few words.
Mr, COX. I object.
Mr. WILSON. I insist upon my motion to
close debate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NELSON withdrew his amendment to the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for the
yeas and nays on concurring in the amendment
of the Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 61, not voting 49;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Blaine, Bliss,
Blow, Brooks, Broomall, Freeman Clarke, Cofiroth, Cox,
Demson,Eckley, Edgerton, Eldridge,Fenton, Finck,Grider,
Griswold, Harrington, Charles M. Harris, Herriek, Higby,
Hohnan, Hooper, Hutching, Ingersoll, Philip Johnson,
William Johnson, Kelley, Law, Laz^ar, Le Blond, Loan,
Long, Marvin, McBride, McDowell,McIndoe,McKinncy,
Middleton, William H. Miller, Morrill, James R. Morris,
Leonard Myers, Nelson, Noble, Charles O'Neill, Ortli, Pat-
terson, Pendleton, Perry, Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J.. Ran-
dall, Robin&on, Rogers, Scou, Shannon, Smith, Smithers,
Stevens, Stiles, Stiouse, Stuart, Sweat, Thayer, Ward,
Whaley, Wheeler, Clulton A. White, Joseph W. White,
and Wilder—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold,John D.
Baldwin, Baxter, Bcaman, Blair, Routivell, James P.
Brown, Chanler, Cobb, Cole, Cre&well, Dawes, Dawson,
Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, Ehot, Farnsworth, Frank, Gan-
son, Gooch, Hale, HoteJikiss, Asahcl W. Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Julian, Kalbfieisch, Orlando Kellogg,
Litrlejohn, Longyear, McAllister, McCIurs, Samuel F.
Miller, Moorhead, Daniel Morn?-, Amos Myers, Norton,
Odell, Perham, Pike, Price, John H. Rice, Scofield, Sloan,
Spalding, Joim B. Steele, William G. Steele, Thomas,
Ttacy, Upson, Elthu B. Washburne, William B. Wash-
burn, Webster, Williams,Wilson, Windom, and Fernando
Wood—61.
NOT VOTING — Messis. William J. Allen, Anderson,
Ashley, Bally, Augustus C. Baldwin, Boyd, Biandegee,
William G. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Clay, Ciaveus,
Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Driggs, Dumont,
Eden,English,Gaifield,Giinnell, Hall, Harding, Benjamin
G. Harris, Jenckes, Kasson, Francis VV. ICellogg, ICernan,
King, ICnnpp, Knox, Mallory, Marcy, Moriison, John
O'Neill, Pomeioy, William II. Randall, Alexander H. Rice,
lSdward II. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Itoss, Schenck, Starr,
StebbiiL*, Van Valkenburgh, Voorhees, Wad&wortb, Win-
Iicld, Benjamin Wood, Woodbiidge,and Yeaman—49.
So the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
The SPEAKER. The House has now com-
pleted the amendments in which the Committee of
Ways and Means recommended a concurrence.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask that we shall now be al-
lowed to take a vote on the other amendments—to
non-concur in them, except such as gentlemen
may indicate a desire to have a separate vote on.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman propose
that there shall be an evening session?
Mr. MORRILL. There is to be an evening
session, hut it is to be devoted to other business.
The SPEAKER. I f the tax bill be notdisposed
of beiore half past four o'clock this afternoon,
when the House takes a recess, it will not come
up again until Satuiday morning.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let us have time to look
over these amendmentsandseeon which ones we
desire to have a separate vote by the House. If
we were to let the biil go over till this evening
we could examine the amendments in the mean
time, and it would not take us an hour to dispose
of them thus evening.
Mr. MORRILL. We might continue our ses-
sion until after half past four o'clock, p. m., and
until a majority decided to take a recess.
Objection was made.
Mr. HOLMAN, It is manifest but on few of
the amendments of the Senate, in winch the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means recommend a non-
concurrence, members will desire to have a sep-
arate vote. It is difficult to indicate them at tins
time. If it is understood that wo shall have half
an hour this evening, we ran, I think, dispose of
all the amendments on which members desire a
separate vote.
Mr. MORRILL. It will be impossible for us
to have any portion of this evening unless some
arrangement can be made in reference to the busi-
ness of the Committee on Military Affairs. That
committee has this evening after the morning
hour. If there be no objection, as the chairman
of that committee requested, we can instead set
apart the whole of next Tuesday for that business.
If that be agreed to, we can take up the tax biil
after the morning hour this evening.
Mr. ANCONA. I objectso far as setting apart
next Tuesday for the Committee on Military Af-
fairs is concerned.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the session be
continued until five o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. According to the understand-
ing last evening, I ask for a vote on the seventy-
fourth amendment.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Strike out the words " one thousand" and insert the
words fifteen hundred so that the section will read:
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That there shall be
allowed to collectors, in full compensation for their ser-
vices and that of their deputies, a salary of $1,500 per an-
num, to be paid quarteily.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have a word to say on that
amendment. I stated last evening that if the pay
of the principal collector be reduced, and that of
the assistant collectors increased, 1 would not
raise any objection to it. I think that more com-
petency is required on the part of the assistant
collectors than on the part of the principal col-
lector. We have increased the pay of the prin-
cipal collector, and now it is proposed to increase
the pay of -assistant collectors from $1,000 to
$1,500. We also increase from to 3 per cent,
on the first §100,000. This will create an enor-
mous salary; and I propose to leave it as it was
fixed by the House. The subject has been thor-
oughly considered by the House; and I presume
no further aigument is necessary.
Mr. STEVENS. So far as the cities and pop-
ulous districts are concerned, this is a matter of
no importance. The collectors there would get
$1,500 at any rate, but in the sparsely settled dis-
tricts where little revenue is collected this is ne-
cessary . I n Pennsylvania is a district from Lake
Erie to the Susquehanna, some three hundred
miles, a great part wilderness, some counties with
not more than four or five thousand inhabitants.
The collector must go through that district, and
he must have his deputies; §1,000 would not pay
them. I am against these poor districts being
discriminated against, and I hope the amendment
will be concurred in.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would be glad to have the
yeas and nays upon this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to withdraw the demand for the yeas and
nays. The idea of this amendment was to equal-
ize the payment of these collectors, so that the
collectors who receive a small sum and whose
districts cover a large territory shall receive a
little more, and those whose districts cover a small
territory and receive a large sum shall receive- a
little less, so that the entire expenditure will be no
more than before. For that reason the committee
have recommended a concurrence in the first
amendment of the Senate, and a non-concurrence
in the second.
Mr. HOLMAN. If you pay the collector,
beginning with a thousand dollar salary, and al-
low him 3 per cent, oreven per cent, upon the*
amount he collects, he receives a very ample com-
pensation even if he collects but $50,000. My ex-
perience is that the collector does not have to em-
ploy deputies in cases where he collects little or
nothing, I care not what the extent of his district,
and he receives the whole salary. My observation
is that the collectors are able under the provisions
of this act to employ their deputies, pay them a
rcasonablecompensation, and receive their whole
salaries without the rendition of one single particle
of service. They can do it well and readily, and
there is not an office in the country which pays
so well. In my own district, a rural district, the
collector receives a salary far beyond that of any
office in the gift of the people of my own State—
a thousand dollars beyond.
When the House fixed this compensation to be-
gin with at §1,000, we were doing a great deal,
because it will be remembered that under the old
law we paid no salary whatever, but only a per-
centage. Now, the House began by paying
$1,000 as a fixed salary, and without any refer-
ence to a percentage; and the argument in favor
of it is that we thereby do justice to the collectors
of districts where only a small sum is collected—
because there may be distiicts whore the amount
collected is so inconsiderable thalthe percentage
is very small. But there at least §1,000 is se-
cured; and it does seem to me that to go beyond
that and give $1,500 is going beyond all bounds
of reason, and will render the law odious on ac-
count of the enormous compensation which we
will have to pay for the collection of our taxes.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 53, nays 69, not voting 60;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ashley, John D. Baldwin, Bax-
ter, Beaman, Blow, Cobb, Cole, Deining, Dixon. Donnelly,
Driggs, Eliot, Farnsworth, Garfield, Gooch,Griswold, Htg-
by, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Kellcy, Or-
lando Kellogg, Knox, Loan, Longyear, Marvin, McBride,
McClurg, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Leonard
Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Pendleton, Price,
Alexander H. Rice, John II. Itice, Shannon, Smithers,
Spalding, Stevens, Thayer, Upson, Ward, Webster, Wil-
liams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—53.
NAYS —Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen,
Ames, Ancona, Arnold, Blair, Bliss, Boutwell, Broomall,
James S. Brown,Cox, Cre&well, Dawes,Dawson, Denison,
Eckley, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, Finek, Frank, Gannon,
Glider, Hale,Harding, Harnngton, Charles M. Harris, Hol-
inan, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Philip Johnson, William
Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Kernan, Law, Lascar, Lc Blond,
Long, Marcy, McAllister, McDowell, Middleton, Daniel
Morris, James R. Morris, Amos Myers, Noble, Odell, Perry,
Pike, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Ro s, Scofield, Scott,
John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Srrouse, Stuart,
Sweat, Thomas, Tracy, Wads worth, Elihu B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Jo-
seph VV. White, and Fernando Wood—69.
NOTVOTING—Messrs Alley, Anderson, Baily, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, Blaine, Boyd, Brandegee, Brooks, William
G. Brown, Chanler, Ambrose W. Clark. Freeman Clarke,
Clay, Coffroth, Cravens, Ilemy Winter Davis,Thoma-i T.
Davis, Dumont, English, Fenton, Grinnell, Hall, Benjamin
G. Harris, Herriek, Hotchkns, Hutching Jenckes, Julian,
Knsson, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Kin?, Knapp, Liulejohn,
Mallory, Mclndoe, MeKinney, William H. Miller, Morri-
son, Nelson, John O'Neill, Patterson, Perham, Pomeroy,
Pruvn, Radford, William H. Randall, Rogers, Edward H.
Rollins, James S. Rollins, Schenck, Sloan, Smith, Starr,
StebblnSj Van Valkenburgh, Voorhees, Whaley, Wmfield,
Benjamin Wood, and Yeaman—60.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. ALLISON stated that Mr. Kasson was
detained from the House by sickness.
Mr. MORRILL. I now renew my proposi-
tion that the Committee on Military Affairs have
Tuesday next set apart for the consideration of
business from that committee.
Mr. ANCONA. I withdraw my objection.
No further objection being made, Tuesday next
was set qpart for the consideration of business
from the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL. I nowalso propose thatthe
House take a recess until lialf past seven o'clock
this evening, in order to give gentlemen time to
examine and indicate any amendments upon
which they desire a separate vote, with the un-
derstanding that upon reassembling this evening
we will take a vote in gross to non-concur in all
amendments upon which a separate vote is not
demanded, in order that we may dispose of the
bill to-night,
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object
to that until the time arrives for the indication of
those amendments which we desire to have a
separate vote on. I desire to have the club in
my own hands.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I hope
we shall go on with the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is a misapprehension
on the part of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
It is understood, of course, that when we meet
this evening a vote can be insisted on on any par-
ticular amendment. That is all the gentleman
from Pennsylvania desires.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will understand that I do not desire to
deprive him of the power to call for a separate
vote on any amendment.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, I will
withdraw my objection this evening, if I so de-
sire.
The Clerk proceeded to read the amendments
in which the Committee of Ways and Means
recommended non-concurrence.
Mr. HOLMAN, (interrupting.) I suggest
again that we take a recess until half past seven
o 'clock, and then we can indicate the amendments
on which we desire separate votes.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. In ob-
jecting to the amendments to this tax bill being1
considered in gross, I do not wish to interrupt
the disposition of the bill this evening, or to in-
terfere in any way with its consideration. All I
desire is that if upon the consideration of these
amendments we desire a separate vote upon any
one, we shall have it without interference.
