22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose
that resolution lies over for one day, under the
rule.
Mr. COX. I have moved the previous ques-
tion. We treated the gentleman from Illinois very
kindly the other day in the case of his favorite
general. All we ask in this case is justice.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I only ask
that the rules of the House shall be enforced.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides, accord-
ing to uniform usage, that the resolution must lie
over for one day, inasmuch as it is a resolution
asking for information.
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman'from Illinois
object to the consideration of the resolution now?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
object. I only ask that the rules be enforced.
Mr. COX. Very well.
SECEDED STATES.
Mr. HARDING. I offer the following resolu-
tion, upon which 1 demand the previous question:
Resolvw/, That the Union lias not been dissolved, and
that whenever the rebellion, in any one of the seceded
State*, shall bu put down and subdued, either by force of
the Federal arms or by the voluntary submission of the
people of such State to the authority of the Constitution,
then such State will be thereby re&tored to all its right-:
and privileges a* a State of the Union, under the constitu-
tion of such State and the Constitution of the United States,
including the rijiln to i ovulate, ordei, and control its own
domestic institutions- according to the constitution and laws
ofsuch State, free from all congressional or executive con-
trol or direction.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to debate that reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has demanded the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. If the previous question be
not sustained, what will be the condition of the
resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It will go over for one day.
The House divided on the demand for the pre-
vious question; and there were—ayes GO, noes68.
So the House refused to second the previous
question, and, Mr. Stevens desiring to'debate the
resolution, it lies over for one day.
LOSSES OF LOYAL CITIZENS.
Mr. GRIDER. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be instructed
to tepoit a bill, at their caihcst convenience, ptoviding a
commission or agency to ascertain and as<e-^ the damage
done to loyal citizens by the Army of the United States-,
wheie no pay has been teceived, nor sutlicicnt and legal
voueheih given the citizen upon winch pay can be had and
received.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the resolution be
so amended as merely to instruct the committee to
inquire into the expediency of reporting such a
bill.
The amendment was adopted; and the reso-
lution, as amended, was agreed to.
STATE RIGHTS.
Mr. WADSWORT1I. I offer the following
resolution, upon which i demand the previous
question:
Resolved, That the power-, not delegated to the United
Suites bytheCon>titution, uorprohibircd by it to the States,
are received to the States respectively, or to the people, and
the Federal Executive can neither dueetly nor indirectly
exercise any of the poweis thus received, or lawiully re-
fetriet or dbstiuct the exercise thereof by the people.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask that that resolution
may go over.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to debate it.
Mr. WADS WORTH. I have demanded the
previous question.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I ask for tellers on sec-
onding the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wads-
worth and Beaman were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 62, noes 83.
So the House refused to second the call for the
previous question; and the resolution, giving rise
to debate, lies over under the rule.
pay of tiie army.
Mr. VOORHEES offered the following reso-
lution, and moved the previous question on its
adoption;
Whereas the increased prices attached to all the com-
modities of life render the expense of living and of sup-
porting families almost, if not quite, double what sufficed
tor such purposes at the commencement of the war in which
we are now engrigod : Therefore, I
Be it resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be i
Instraetod to prepare and ieport, t as early a day as practi-
cable, a bill piovidmg tor the increase of the pay of the
white private soldiers now or hereafter in the Army of the
United Slates to the >u in of twenty-five dollars per month;
also providing for the increase of the pay of all commis-
sioned and non-commissionedofficeis and musicians, now
or heieaftcr in paid At my, forty per cent, on the amount now
paid them by law; and aiso providing for the payment to
the soldiers who have heretofore been enlisted, including
those who have been honorably discharged by reason ofdis-
ability or other cause, of an amount of bounty money equal
to the highest amount now being paid by the Government
for volunteers.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to amend his resolution by directing the
Committee on Military Affairs to inquire into the
expediency of reporting such a bill. It ought to
,be so in all these cases. There will then be no
objection to the resolution.
Mr. VOORHEES. I accept the modification.
The resolution was modified accordingly The
previous question was seconded, and the main
question ordered, and under its operation the reso-
lution was adopted.
STATES IN INSURRECTION.
Mr. HOLMAN. I offer the following resolu-
tions,andon them 1 demand the previous question:
Resolved, That the doctrine recently announced, that the
States tn which an armed insurrection has existed against
the Federal Government have ceased to be States ot the
Union, and shall be held, on the ultimate defeat of that in
surrcction, as Territories or subjugated piovinces, and gov-
erned as such by the absolute will of Congress and the Fed-
eral Executive, or restored to the Union on conditions un-
known to the Constitution of the United States, ought to
he rebuked and condemned as manifestly unjust to the loyal
citizens of those States, tending to prolong the war and to
confii m the treasonable theory of secession ; and, if carried
into effect, nubt gieatly ondangci the public liberty and the
constitutional powers and lights of all the States, by cen-
tralizing ami consolidating the powcisot the Government,
State and national, in the Fedeial Executive.
Resolved, That the only object of the vv u ought to be to
subjugate the aimed instil lection which, for the tune being,
suspends the pioper relations of certain States with the
Federal Government, and to reestablish the supremacy of
the Constitution ; and the loyal citizens oftho.se States,
and the m.^s>es of tiie people thereof, submitting to the au-
thority or the Constitution, ought not to be hindered from
i coloring the pioper lelattons of then respective States With
tin; Fedeial (•ovciuuicut, so lar as the same is dependent
on the voluntai v act of the people, by any condition, except
unconditional submission to the Constitution and law.-- of
the United States in the language heretotoie solemnly
adopted by Cotniiess, the war ought not to be waged on our
pait toi any puiposo of eom|uestoi subjugation oi puipo-se
of ovet tin owing O' intelluting with the rights or established
institutions ot ihose States, but to defend and maintain the
supieiuac y oj the Constitution, and to preserve the Union,
Willi all the dignity, equality, and lights of the several
States ununpaued, and n< ^oon as those objects are accom
plislied the w.u ought to cease.
Resolved, That all necessary and proper appropriations
of money ought, to be pronfptly made by this Congtcss for
the support of the military and naval foices of the Govern-
ment, and all measures of legislation nece&saiy to increase
and promote the etiicieney of the Army and Navy and to
maintain the public ctedit, ought to be adopted, that, through
a vigorous pio-ecution ot the war, peace on the basis of the
union ol the States and the supremacy of the Constitution
may be the moie speedily obtained.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the resolutions
on the table.
Mr. COX. On that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allev, Arnold, Ashley, John D. Bald-
win, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd*
Biandcgee, Bioomall, Ambiose YV.Claik, Freeman Clarke,
Clay, Cobb, Cole, Cteswe'll, Ilenrv Winter Davis, Dawes,
Duon, Donnelly, Dnga>, fjumont, Eckley, Eliot, Fains-
wotth, Fcnton, Frank, Garfi dd, Gooch, Grinnell, Higby,
iloopci, Hutch kiss, Asdhei YV. Hubbard, John II. Iluhbiud,
HuShmd, Jenekc^, Julian, Kasson, Francis W. Kellogg,
Orlando Kellogg, Loan, Longyear, Lovejoy, Marvin, Mc-
iiude, MeClmg, Mefndoe, Samuel F. Millet, Moorhead,
Morrill, Daniel Moru<, Amos Myoi$s,LeonardMyers, Nor-
ton, Chailes O'Neill. Oith, Pattoison,Peihain, Pike, 1'om-
eroy, Piice, William H. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, John
II. Rice, Edvvaui H. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Schenck,
Scofi«ld, Shannon, Sloan, Sinithers, Spaulding, Steven-,
Thayer, Thoma*, Up-on, Van Valkenburgh, Ehhu 15.
Wa-hhurne, William B. Washburn, Whaley, Williams,
Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and YVoodbridge—88.
NAYS—•Measis. James C. Allen, William J. Alien, An-
cona, Baity, Augustus C. Baldwin, Jacob B. Blair, Bliss,
Brooks, YViliuun G. Blown, Chauler, CofFroth, Cox, Cra-
vens, Dawson, DennNon, Eden, Ed«crton, Eldndge, Eng-
lish, Fmck, Ganson, Gnder, Gnsvvoid, Hall, Hauling, Har-
rington, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M. Harris, Herrick,
Oolman, Wtiiiain Johnson, Kernan, King, Ivnapp, Law,
Lazear, Le Blond, Long, Mallory,Marcy, McDowell, Mc-
Kmney, William if. Milter, James R. Morris, Morrison,
Nelson, Noble, Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Robinson,
Rogeis--, Ro--,, Scott, Smith, John B Steele, Sluatt, Voor-
hees Wads\voitu, Ward, Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
Joseph YV. Wlute, YVinfield, Fernando YVood, and yea-
man—6tf.
So the resolutions were laid on the table.
LOSSES FROM REBEL RAIDS.
Mr. CRAVENS ofFeied the following resolu-
tion; which was iead,considered;ai.d agreed to:
Resolved,That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by lr w
for the payment to loyal citizens for the hoises and other
property taken from them by the Union or rebel forces dur-
ing the rebel raid Of John H. Morgan into the States of In-
diana and Ohio, in July, 1863, and to leport at an eaily day
by bill or otherwise.
FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. JULIAN. I submit the following reso-
lution, and demand the previous question on its
adoption:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to report a bill to repeal the third and touith sec-
tions of an act respecting fugitives from justice and persons
escaping from the service of their masters, approved Feb-
ruary 12, 179d, and the act to amend and supplementary to
the aforesaid act, approved September 18, 1850.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay that resolu-
tion on the table, and call for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
Mr. STEVENS. I will suggest to the gentle-
man from Indiana that he modify his resolution
so as to make it one of inquiry, or we shall be
compelled to vote against it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Debate is not in order, I
believe. 1 call for the yeas and nays on my mo-
tion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Anderson, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin. Jacob B.
Blair, Bites, Brooks, James S. Brown, William G. Brown,
Clay, Cobb, CoiFroth, ,Cox, Cravens, Cieswetl, Dawson,
Denting, Dennison, Eden, Edgetton, Eldridge, English,
Finck, Gau-on, Gtidej, Gitewold, Hall, Maiding, Urn ring-
ton, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M. Harris, Herrick.Hig-
bv, Holman, Hutchms, YVitham Johnson, Ketuan, King,
Knapp, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Long, Mallorj, Alarcy,
Marvin, McBride, McDowell, McKumey, William II.
Miller, James R. Morns, Morrison, Nelson, "Noble, Odell,
John O'Neill, Pendleton, William H. Randall, Robinson,
Rogers, James S. Rollins, Ros^, Scott, Smith, Smithers,
Stebbms, John B. Steele, Stuait, Sweat, Thomas, Voor-
hecs, Wadsworth, Ward, Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
Joseph W. White, Williams, YVintield, Fernando YVood.
and Yeaman—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ame*, Arnold, Ashley,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Blow, Bout-
wcll, Bovd, Brandegee. Brooma.ll, Ambrose YYT. Clark,
Freeman Clarke, Colo. Henry Winter Davis, Dawe*, Dix-
on, Donnelly, Diiggs, Dumont, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Fenton, Franck, Garfield. Gooch, Giinnoll, Hooper, Ilotch-
kiss, Asahel YV. Ilubb.ud, John H. Jlubbaid, Ilulbuid,
Jenckes, Julian, FiancU YV. Kellogg. Oilando ^Kellogif,
Loan, Longyear, Lovejoy, McCiuig/McIndoe, Sa'muel F.
Miller, Mooihead, Morrill, Amos M\ers, Leonaid Mvers,
Norton, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Pattei-on, Pike, Pomerov,
Price, Alexander II. Rice, John U. Rice. Edward H. Rol-
lins, Sehenck, Scofield, Shannon, Spaulding, Thayer, Van
Valkenbuigh, Elihu B. YVashbutne, William B. Wash-
burn, Whaley, YVilder, Wilson, YVmdom, and YVOodbridge
-73.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was laid on the table;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, submitted the
following- resolution:
Rewired, Thar the several committees ofthis House who
were authorized to appoint clerks during the last Congress
be authorized to employ them during this Congress, at the
^ual compensation of tour dollars per day while actua'ly
employed.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would like to knowwhich
committees those are ?
Mr. YVASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask for
the previous question on the adoption of tlie res-
olution.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to lay the reso-
lution on the table. *1 am willing, however, to
withdraw that motion, if the gentleman from
Illinois will give us the information asked for.
Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am entirely
wilting to do that,and will withdraw the demand
for the previous question for that pmpose. 1
think the committees which were authorized to
employ clerks during the last Congress were the
Committee of Elections, the Committee on Com-
merce, the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, the Committeeon the Judiciary, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, the Com nut tee on Na-
val Affairs, the Committee on Territories, and
the Committee on Indian Affairs. These, 1 think,
are all the committees that would be embraced in
