1068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
It is admitted thatthePresident's emancipation
proclamation, though justified and defended as a
■war measure was m its operation expected to be
something mo'-e than a mere military order issued
at the head of an army in the field. It essayed to
go far beyond Federal outpost and picket and
deck of coast-line guard-ship, and to pierce the
guilty, quaking heart of rebeldom and slavedom,
and there, as the voice of the sovereignty of the
nation, declare and decree, proclaim and pledge,
henceforth and forever, freedom to the enslaved
in all the rebel States!
In this great, grand utterance did the President
transcend his power? In this Hall only can that
question be properly put; for here must be found
his accusers, and the constitutional impeachment
tribunal at the other-end of the Capitol must an-*
swer it. Think you such a majority will very
soon occupy these scats? I trow not, sir. But
it is nevertheless a fearfully momentous question;
for if he did, then is the proclamation all the elo-
quent gentleman from Maryland [Mr. H. Winter
Davis] the other day characterized it. Yea, it is
more than " a usurpation;" itis adelusive sham,
it is a bitter mockery, it is a stupendous false
pretense indictable in the forum of mankind.
But if on examination and consideration it shall
seem the President has only evoked and put in
exeicise a hitherto latent and unused power, I ap-
prehend the most searching scrutiny here and
elsewhere, as well as solemn adjudication now
and hereafter, will find it not that puny, pitiful,
counterfeit presentment power it pleased the per-
fidious thing at the head of the last Administra-
tion to regard it, but rather a potent, constitu-
tional reality, sufficient even for times like these.
If such " consummation devoutly to be wished"
shall be reached, then indeed our fathers did not
build less nor wiser nor better than they thought
01* knew, and—
" Those dead but secptered sovereigns still shall rule
Our spirits from their uin&."
Then, too, all the coming ages and millions
will bless with hallowed thanksgiving and prayer
their mighty memories and the name of him who
dared/4 the height of this great argument."
Half fearful of the vision awaiting us, let us
draw near and peer into the instrument. We
there see all the armies of the Union in the field,
and the President of the United States the Com-
mander-in-Chief. As we look earnestly and more
intently, there is no longer " speculation " m the
gaze; anxiety and perplexity give place to awe
and to admiration. Instead of the nerveless, de-
fenseless, powerless war-skeleton we expected to
behold there, we find ourselves in the presence of
a stalwart warrior, of majestic mien, of vast pro-
portions, clad m completes! panoply, ready and
equal for the dread aibiUumcut of arms. And
this is no unreal, evanescent phantasmagoria of
an hour, by cunning device conjured up for the oc-
casion, and anon, like the JEtruscan king waked
to sunlight in his stony sepulcher, for a moment
seen, only to fade away into indistinguishable
nothingness. No! it is a living, real, subsisting
potentiality, coeval with, yea, part and parcel of
the Constitution itself. Dire necessity never be-
fore requiring its use till now, it has maintained
a slumberous, scarce suspected existence. In our
Indian wars there was little occasion for its pro-
duction; in the Mexican war there was even less;
in the second war with England there was scant
need of resort to unusual power. But this con-
test differs from all others in our, if not in the
world's, history. It was a Ions-plotted, well-
arranged, gigantic conspiracy. With the very
first uprising the bloody clutch of rebellion was
at the bared nation's throat. The garroting grap-
ple, though weakened, has never voluntarily been
relaxed. Our severely-taxed energies and re-
sources quickly betokened that we had in hand
no Indian homo campaign, no border Mexican
foray, no war-wager with a foreign foe whose
every soldier and ration and round of ammuni-
tion was to be ferried three thousand miles to the
field of use and of service. No; it was a stand-
up home fight, with bone of our bone and flesh
of our flesh; and well we knew—
" When Greeks joined Greeks, then wa  the tug of war."
But it is time to turn to the Constitution, itself
its own best interpreter and expounder.
Section two, article two, of the Constitution de-
clares, "The President shall be Commander-in-
Chiefof the Army and Navy of the United States,
and of the militia of the several States when called
into the actual service of the United States."
There is Roman significance in a clause of sec-
tion three, article two, which with Spartan brevity
declares,44 He shall take care that the laws be faith-
fully executed." Who has ever assumed to say
whatunenumerated, undefined, undeveloped pow-
ers are inwrapped in the folds of that snort seg-
ment of a sentence? Perchance it doth not even
yet appear.
Section eight, article one, invests Congress with
power "to declare war,"" to call out the militia,"
" to execute the laws of the Union," to" suppress
insurrections, and repel invasions." The fore-
seen exigency has arisen,the "power" has been
exercised "to suppress insurrection," the war-
drum of the great Republic has " called the militia
of the several States into the actual service of the
United States." Henceforth, " novus seclorum
nasciturordo," the President is no longer the mere
civil Executive, the pastime Commander-in-Chief
of the national forces, but he stands forth the su-
preme military head of the armies of the Union.
Invested at once with more than dictatorial pow-
ers, the Constitution devolves upon him alone the
duty and the responsibility of conducting the war,
itself prescribing no limitation, no restriction
whatever upon his authority. He exercises in his
discretion the highest powers and functions, sub-
ordinate only to the laws of war and of nations.
In planning campaigns, in moving troops, in
adopting means that will surest and soonestcrip-
ple and crush the enemy, his power and his judg-
ment are conclusive and paramount. Neither the
one nor the other can be supervised or examined
by another department of the Government.
Whether his discretion is well and wisely exer-
cised, whether the best means are employed, if
within the pale of civilized warfare, cannot be
questioned. A mistake even in the premises, the
conclusions, or the apprehensions of a case, in
the magnitude or the imminence of a crisis, can-
not be investigated or rectified. No committee
on the conduct of the war, however puissant its
powers, ever has or ever will presume to confront
such embodiment of the nation's sovereignty,
thus caparisoned, to review, to rebuke, or to in-
terrogate. In short, as Commander-in-Chief, when
war is "levied," the President is amenable only
to his'fellow-countrymen, to the opinion of man-
kind, and to the great Arbiter of nations.
In every considerable war there is, and must
ever be, pertinence and force in the old maxim,
Inter arma silent leges. Whenever the interposi-
tion and strict administration of martial law be-
comes desirable and expedient a proclamation
gives nonce to citizens and civil courts that mu-
nicipal and individual rights, sacred and secured
by the Constitution, by statutes, and by common
law, must, for the general welfare and safety, for
a time go into abeyance, or be subjected to other
usages and rules seemingly arbitrary and positive,
yet lawful, constitutional, as are statutory provis-
ions or judicial deliverances. When the adminis-
trator of these usages and regulations is the highest
officer, where and what is the tribunal which claims
the right of annulling or of abridging the exer-
cise of this authority? It is granted to be des-
potic, dangerous; but war is thedirestdespotism
and dangeious, very. Shall it, therefore, in vin-
dication or defense of just rights, never be waged
lest somebody should be wronged or hurt? Would
God it were so! But as yet we must accept itas
a necessity, and rejoice that ferocious and ter-
rible as are its accompaniments there are pre-
scribed metes and recognized bounds within
which the conductor of war must keep himself,
his armies, his orders,his proclamations—if you
please, his assumption and absorption of individ-
ual and municipal rights.
The precise question of the right and the power
of the President to issue an emancipation procla-
mation, and its elfect upon the subject-matter
sought to be reached, has never, pro forma, been
before our judicial tribunals. Butfrom the bench
and the forum there have been occasional enun-
ciations which seem to indicate what view will
be entertained when, if ever, it does come up for
solemn argument and adjudication.
The supreme court of New York, (II Johnson's
II., 158,) m a case involving an exercise of discre-
tionary power, under constitutional provision,
use this language:
"It is a general ami sound principle that whenever the i
law vests any person with a power to do an act, and con-
stitutes him a judge of the evidence on which the act may
be done, and, at the same time, contemplates that the act
is to he carried into effect through the instrumentality of
agents, the person thus clothed with {Tower is invented with
discretion, and is quo ad hoc a judge. His mandates to his
legal agents, on hits declaring the event to have happened,
will be a protection to those agents, and it is not theirduty
or business to investigate the facts thus referred to their
superior, and to rejudge his determination. In a military
point of view the contrary doctrine would be subversive of
all discipline; and as it regards the safety and security of
the United States and its citizens, the consequences would
be deplorable and fatal."
Justice Story, (12 Wheaton's R.,31,)comment-
ing upon the clauses of the Constitution -which
constitute the P^sident Commander-in-Chief and
devolve upon him the duty of taking " care that
the laws he faithfully executed," says:
"He is necessarily constituted the judge of the existence
of the exigency m the first instance, and is bound to act
according to his belief of the facts.3' * * * *
"The law does not provide for any appeal from the judg-
ment of the President." * * * * "When-
ever a statute gives a discretionary power to any person,
to be exercised by him upon his own opinion of eeitain
facts, it is a sound rule of constuietinn that the statute con-
stitutes him the sole and exclusive judge of the existence
of those facts. It is no answer that such power may be
abused, for there is no power which is not susceptible of
abuse."
That the Supreme Court of the United States,
even when seen through Chief Justice Taney's
subtle perspective, possesses no power to super-
vise or review a coordinate branch of the Govern-
ment, appears in an opinion reported in 7 How-
ard's Rep., page 42:
"For, as the United States guaranty to each State a
republican government, Congress must necessarily decide
what government is established in the State before it can
determine whether itisiepubhcanornot." x * *
"And its decision is binding on every other department of
the Government, and could not be questioned in a judicial
tribunal.
I wrll not weary the House with cumulative
authorities. 1 studiously forbear citing judicial
opinions put forth since the outbreak of.this re-
bellion, as such opinions, by whomsoever uttered,
might not carry the weight of an unbiased, delib-
erate examination and deliverance; and 1 remem-
ber my Lord Coke's favorite maxim, " out of the
old fields come the best corn." Itmaynot,how-
ever, be uninteresting to see in juxtaposition how
Hamilton and Calhoun have touched the points
under consideration. In the thirty-first number
of the Federalist there is an indication that Ham-
ilton was not unconscious of the undefined powers
which slumbered in the sententious clauses of
the Constitution. His words are:
"As the duties of superintending the national defense,
and of securing the public peace agam^t foieign oi domes-
tic violence, involved a provision for casualties ancl dan-
gers to which no possible limits can beass.igned>the power
of making that provision ought to know no other bounds
than the exigencies of the nation and the resources of tho
community."
In a letter to Governor Hamilton, dated Au-
gust 28,1832, Calhoun thus speaks of the authoiity
of the Supreme Court:
" Being dciived from necessity, it is restricted within its
limits, and cannot pass an inch beyond the nairow confines
of dceidmg in a case befoie the court, and of course be-
tween parties amenable to its process, excluding thereby
political questions," See.— Works, vol. 6, p. 158.
But I turn with pleasure to a statesman's matured
views of the war powers of the Constitution, and
not more a statesman than profound civilian and
accomplished diplomatist; a man who in hisday
spoke and wroteand acted more history than any
other man then living. That man, John Cluincy
Adams, here, on the 26th day of May, 1836, de-
clared:
" [n tiie authority given to Congress by the Constitution
of the United States to declaie war, ail the power.s inci-
dental to wai mc, by neccsoary implication, confer]ed upon
the Government of the United States;." •**«•*•
'•The wai power is limited only h> the laws and usages of
nations. This power is tinnemious; it is strictly consti-
tutional, but it breaks down tveiy bamer fo anviously
etcetedloi thepioteefion of liberty.of piopertv,and otlife."
« But the power* ot war arc ail legulated
by the laws of nations, and are subject to no othei limita-
tion."
He was discussing the war power of Congress.
Had the war power of the President, under the
Constitution, been under consideration, as there
are the same generalities of expression used hy
parity of reason, he would have set it forth in the
same broad, I had almost said terrific manner, as
absolute, unlimited, supreme, tremendous.
Six years afterwaids, incidentally the same sub-
ject was before the House. Again lie reiterated
