20 M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
law exists, where the divine right of kings is
acknowledged, where the idea that " the king can
do no wrong" is still upheM, the reigning monarch
may well be styled " the Government." There
the emperor, the czar, or the king, in his own per-
son, is, and represents, [he Government. He
makes laws by imperial or royal decrees, procla-
mations, and orders; the people, subjects or ple-
beians, must obey the peremptory mandate of the
one who titles himself " We, by the grace of
God!" The laws of the"United States, in pur-
suance of the rights and grants in the Constitu-
tion, are enacted by the national Legislature, in-
terpreted and expounded by the Judiciary, and
executed by the President and his legally ap-
pointed officers. The incontrovertible fact that
the officers of the Government are the servants
of the people, carries with it the undoubted right
to criticise the acts and conduct of our servants
whom we have temporarily clothed with limited
power. The subordinates of this Administration,
acting under "orders," dispute the right to dis-
cuss the course and policy of the Administration,
and designate every expression of disapproba-
tion as "disloyal practices." In this they are
sustained by the leading men of a mongrel party,
who are now arrayed against the Constitution and
against the maintenance and supremacy of the
civil law.
We have had numerous instances of illegal and
arbitrary arrests, imprisonments, banishments,
suppression of public newspapers, and other ty-
rannical acts committed against the constitutional
rights of the citizen by petty despots ofaccidental
power under the usurper's plea of" military ne-
cessity." The doctrine is put forth that " inter
arma leges silent"—the laws are silent in the
midst of arms. Now, whether this is considered
as a civil war or as a public war; whether the
secessionists are rebels in arms or belligerents,
the laws need surely not be silent in the peaceful
northern and western States, or, as the new lex-
icographers term them, the "loyal States."
There is no war raging in the eastern, northern,
middle, or western States. Why should the law
be silt-lit? Why should the citizen be arrested
without probable cause? Why deny the right to
a speedy and public trial by an impartial jury of
the State and district wherein the crime shall
have been committed? Why suspend the pre-
rogative writ of habeas corpus, the bulwark of the
citizen's liberty, grantable under the Magna
Charta of England, and under the Constitution
of thp United Slates,^ debito justitice ? It is be-
cause the public expression ol opinion of the con-
duct of the war to suppress the rebellion is dis-
tasteful to the Admimsttation. It is because the
Democracy do not approve of the course of our
rulers to abolitionize this country and carry on
the war for the pecuniary and political benefit of
abolition politicians, Army contractors, servile
office-holders, mushroom generals, and a brood of
abject demagogues and toadies who sing the loyal-
league psalms and shout hosannas for the Gov-
ernment and their aromatic brethien and sistprs.
These are the people—venal and corrupt—who
traduce and malign the law-abiding, honest Dem-
ocratic citizens, whom they in their self-right-
eousness and loyal zeai are pleased to designate as
"secessionists,""sympathizers,"and sometimes
"traitors." The latter term, however, only when
they are two to one!
The Democrats are with heartand soul in favor
of restoring the seceded States to their former
status, and establishing again what we have had
for eighty years, "a moie perfect Union." We j
are in favor of quelling the rebellion for the pur- 1
pose of preserving the Constitution intact, ami ]
grant to the several States their rights and privi- j
leges, as they enjoyed them before the rebellion, i
and to which as commonwealths in themselves '
they are entitled. Weareopposed to waging war i
for the purpose of equalizing the negro with the '
white man, and we are opposed to shedding the
white man's blood, beggar and devastate the coun- .
try to satisfy the insane and unnatural demands ;
of the abolition hypocrites of New England or the ;
humanitarian bigots and fanatics of old England. !
We deprecate the abolition idea of negro equality
and the consequcntcommingling of the Ethiopian
with the pure Saxon and Celtic blood. We be-
lieve the President's schemes of emancipation and !
confiscation as expressed in his proclamations to j
be gross infractions of the Constitution which ho '
swore to support and defend, and from which no
sophism of" war power" can absolve him. For
this lawful opposition to the unconstitutional acts
of the party in power wo are called "disloyal."
Well, Mr. Speaker, if this is an evidence of dis-
loyalty, then there are upward of a million and
a half of free white citizens in the North who are
very disloyal accoiding to the translation of that
foreign word " loynl" i>y the Jacobins of Amer-
ica. The Democracy revere the Constitution and
acknowledge it in all its parts as the supreme law.
We cheerfully obey the laws of the Federal Gov-
ernment and of the States, but we do not believe
in that "higher law" which pronounces the Con-
stitution made by the fathers and founders of the
Republic " a covenant with death and an agree-
ment with hell." It is a right and privilege to
canvass the acts of our public menand to criticise
the conduct of those whom the people have placed
in power.
This inherent and fundamental principle of the
American citizen is now attempted to be denied
by the abolition saints, of whom the sage and pa-
triot Henry Clay more than twenty years ago
expressed his opinion as follows:
" Witli tliem [tile abolitionists] the rights of propeity arc
nothing; the deficiency of the powers of the (Jenerat Gov-
ernment is nothing; the acknowledged and incontestable
powers of the States are nothing; tiie dissolution of the
Union and the overthrow of a Government in which aie
concentrated the hopes of the civilized world are nothing.
A single idea lias taken possession of their minds, and on-
ward tiiey pursue it, overlooking all barriers, reckless aad
regardless of all consequences."
Recent events and daily occurrences prove how
true, how prophetic, were the words of Kentucky's
lamented statesman,
Mr. Speaker, time will not allow me to speak
at length of the causes of the war; it suffices to
say, what history has already proved, that the
fell fanaticism of the North, the ambition for of-
fice, the lust for power, and the hereditary hos-
tility of the descendants of the Mayflower cargo
to liberal principles and democratic sentiments
have brought this great calamity upon us.
The constant clamor against slavery, a subject
with which thepeopleof the North had nothing
whatever to do; the preachings of the " irrepres-
sible conflict" and tile doctrine that " the nation
cannot exist half slave and half free," (when in
fact we had existed happily and prosperous for
eighty years,) superinduced the acts of secession,
rebellion, violence, and bloodshed. The origin-
ators and instigators of this most unnatural and
fratricidal war are now the most "loyal" men in
the land. They not only occupy the fat offices
and places of emolumemt, but are even the high
priests in the grand abolition sanhedrim, pure,
undefiled, and godlike. Yes, the men who for
years before there was any rebellious outbreak
were offering resolutions and presenting petitions
in Congress for thedissolution of the Union; who
wanted "no fellowship with slaveholders," al-
though willing to fit out ships to engage in the
slave trade for a valuable consideration; who were
willing to "let theUnion slide,"longbefore Jetf.
Davis & Co. thought of sliding, have suddenly
liatismuted themselves m to the most in tense Union
men and devout patriots, and pharisaically de-
nounce all olbt'is, who do not as they do, as dis-
loyal and anti-Union.
While 1 condemn and denounce secession and
hate the very idea of a dissolution of the Union
as much as any man in the land, I cannot shut
my eyes to the great fact that the constant agita-
tion of the subject of slavery by the abolitionists
is the first and prime cause of secession and all
its horrible consequences. It is true that formally
years the abolition party per se was insignificant in
numbers, and no danger was apprehended from
its ravings and dangerous doctrines; but slavery
was a hobby for the opponents of the Democratic
party to ride, and, by a grand combination of all
the remains, fragments, and debris of the defunct
political clans, to overthrow the Democracy and
the Republic. The one is identical with the other.
There can be 110 republican form of government,
no representative democracy such as ours, with-
out the principles of demociaoy as the corner-
stone.
We have had an anti-Union, anti-democratic
party, an aristocratic party opposed to equal
rights and the obligations of the Constitution, from
the time of the formation of the Union to the pres-
ent day. The democratic sentiment established
the Republic and maintained it until the present
sectional conglomeration came into power. De-
mocracy is ever the same; it has not changed and
is not changeable in principle or in name. The
Opposition is classified historically in .the follow-
ing order:
In 1775, Loyalists, or loyal to King George, or
Tories.
In 177G, Loyal Tories.
In 1780, Nova Scotia Cow-Boys and Tories.
In 1786, Convention Monarchists.
In 1769, Black Cockaders.
In 1808, Antt-JeiTerson Improvement Men.
In 1811, British Bank Men.
In 1812, Peace and Submission Men.
In 1813, Blue Lights.
In 1814, Hartford Conventionists.
In 1816, Washington Society Men.
In 1818, No-Party Men.
In 1819, Federals.
In 1820, Federal Republicans.
In 1826, National Republicans.
In 1828, Anti-Masons.
In 1834, Anti-Masonic Men.
In 1836, Conservatives.
In 1837, Independent Democratic Whigs.
In 1838, Abolitionists.
In 1839, Log Cabin, Hard Cider, Democratic-
Republican Abolition Whigs.
In 1843, Native American Whigs.
In 1844, Coon Party, or Anti-Annexation
Whigs.
In 1845, The Whig Party.
In 1846, Mexican Whig Party.
In 1847, Anti-Mexican-War Party.
In 1848, Rough and Ready I?arty.
In 1850, Clay Whig Party.
In 1852, Scott Whigs.
In 1854, Know-Nothings.
In 1855, Native Americans.
In 1856, Fremonters, or Abolitionists and
Know-Nothings.
In 1857, Black Republicans.
In 1859, Opposition and People's Party.
In 1860, Wide-Awakes Cap and Cape Party.
In 1862, No Party.
In 1863, Union-Loague-No-Party-Emsncipa-
tion-Higli-Taxation-Centralization-Confiscation-
Negro-Equalization-Usurpation-Abolition-Ad~
ministration -Party.
In 1864, Miscegenationists.
What it will be next spring has not yet been
announced by the "white spirits and blue; the
gray spirits and black."
I charge that abolitionism is the cause of the
war. We had lived happy and content for eighty
Eears. The citizen of Maine was welcome in
ouisiana. Our political union and good-fellow-
ship produced their natural and beneficial results.
We prospered as a nation as no people prospered
before on the face of the earth. The valuable
southern products furnished the cargoes for our
ships, materials for our factories, and wealth to
our people of all sections, and through which our
country became one of the great commercial and
maritime Powers of the world. The southern
people were willing to confine themselves to the
peaceful pursuits of agriculture, willing and glad
to exchange commodities with us, and in no in-
stance did any southern statesman interfere or at-
tempt to interfere in theinstitutions and affairs of
the North. They conceded to us the manufac-
turing and carrying trade of the whole country,
and willing that we should enjoy prosperity and
wealth m common with tliem, but they demanded
that the behests of the Constitution, the articles
of our partnership, should be strictly observed,
and that the obligation of the original contiact
should not be impaired. They wanted no inter-
ference in their local institutions on the part of the
North, no intermeddling with slavery, a system
of labor which existed before the Revolution, and
which was an undenied right and colonial estab-
lishment at the time the colonies bccame States,
and the States formed the Union. Have we ful-
filled our part of the original pactum ? Have we
stood by the great contract, the original covenant,
when the partnership was entered into by South
Carolina and Massachusetts, Virginia and New
York? We have not. The North for years has
preached from the text, " no Union with slave-
holders," and " the Union cannot exist half slave
and half free." I have never heard any explana-
tion of this proposition why the Union could not
