18(54.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
continue so to exist after a prosperous and glo-
rious existence for upwards of eighty years.
After the thorough organization of the remnants
and fag-ends of all the political clans and tribes,
and the founding of a systematic anti-slavery
party, eight or ten years ago, the attacks on the
•South ano southern institutions werecommenced.
In the pulpit, the forum, the halls of justice, the
school, the stump, every where, anywhere, were
the anathemas hurled against slavery and slave-
holders. My allotted time will not allow me to
quote the opinions, writings, and teachings of the
leadingabolitionistsand politicians for many years
back; but I will confine myself to a few of the saints
of the latter days—to the shining lights who were
the immediate instruments of dissolution and de-
struction, and who now, singularly enough, are
baptized as " Union men." In 1857 an individual
by the name of Helper, who was compelled to leave
North Carolina, his native State—not for steal-
ing negroes—and who is now an office-holder as
a reward for his services, published the book
entitled The Impending Crisis. This book rec-
ommended direct warfare on southern society,
" be the consequences what they might." This
book was adopted as the campaign document of
the Republican party, and its infamous teachings
indorsed by sixty-eight Republican members of
Congress, and by all the prominent leaders of the
party.
i will make a few quotations from the Alcoran
of the modern Ishmaeiites, showing the piety,
purity, and patriotism of abolitionism:
"1. We unhesitatingly declare ourselves in favor of
the immediate and unconditional abolition of slavery."—
Pag« 26.
<•2. We cannot be too hasty in carrying out our de-
signs."—Page 33.
"3. No man can be a true patriot without first becoming
an abolitionist.''—Page 11G.
"6. Slaveholders are more criminal than common mur-
derers."—Page 140.
"7. AH slaveholders are under the shield of a perpetual
license to murder."—Page 141.
"8. It is our honest conviction that all the pro-slavery
slaveholders, who are alone responsible for the conunu-
ancc of the baneful institution among u*, desetve to be at
once reduced to a parallel with the bisost criminals that
lie fettered within the cells of our public prisons."—Page
158.
" 9. Were it possible that the whole number [of slave-
hoider ] could be gathered together and transferred into
four equal gangs of licensed robbers, ruffians, thieves, and
murdeieis, society, we feel ast-ured, would suffer less from
their atioeities than it does now."—Page 158.
" 10. Once and forever, at least so fai as this country is
concerned, the infernal que>uon of slavery inm-t be dis-
posed of. A speedy and absolute abolishment of the whole
system is tiie nue policy of the tfou-h. and this is the policy
wiuclhwe propose to purcue."—Page 1*21.
ll WE UNFURL OUR BANNER TO THE WORLD.
"Inscribed on the banner which we herewith unfurl to
the world, with the full and fixed deteinnnation to stand by
it or die by it, unless one of more virtuous efficacy shall be
presented, arc the mottoes which, in substance, embody the
principles as we conceive should govern u?.
" The Mottoes on Our Banner.
" 1. Thorough organization and independent political ac-
tion on the part of non-r-laveholding whites of the South.
"2. Ineligibility of slaveholders ; never another vote to
the trafficker in human flesh
" 3. No cojperafion with slaveholders m politics; no fel-
lowship with them in leligion ; no affiliation with them in
bocicty.
4. No patronage to slaveholdingmerchants; no bequest
to slave-waiting hotels; no fees to slaveholding lawyers;
no employment to slavehoidmg physicians; no audience
to slaveholdine parsons
" 5. No recognition of pro-slavery men except as ruffians,
outlaws, and criminals.
"0. Immediate death to slavery, or, if not immediate,
unqualified proscription of its advocates during the period
of us existence."—Pages 155, 158.
7. Thus.terror-engenderers of the South, have we fully
and frankly defined our position; we have no modifications
to propose, no compromises to offer, nothing to retract.
Fiown. s.r*. fret, foam, prepare your weapons, thieat,
strike, shoot, -'tab, brim: on civil war, dissolve the Union,
nay, annihilate the «olar system, if you will—do ail this,
more, less, better, worse, anything—do what you will, sirs,
vou can neither foil nor intimidate u<; our purpose is as
firmly fixed as the eternal pillars of heaven; we have de-
termined to abolish slavery, and, so help us God. abolish
it we will."—Page 187.
This language, so amiable and fraternal in its
character, was very much calculated to cement
the bonds of union between North and South.
No one but an idiot could help foreseeing the
inevitable consequences of such declarations and
threats. We have the opinions and counsels of
the great abolition captains by the hundred; a
few extracts will suffice to show the general tenor,
intent, and purpose.
Opinion of A. Lincoln, Presidentof the United
States:
" I believe this Government cannot endure permanently
half slave and half free."
Cassius M. Clay, the present minister of.the
United States in Russia, expressed himself thus:
4* Our Legislatures, State and Federal, should raise the
platform upon which our free colored people stand; they
should give to them full political rights to hold office, to
vote, to tit on juries, to give their testimony, and to make
no distinction between them and onr&elves. The instru-
ment called the Constitution, after pronouncing all men
equal and having equal rights, suffers slavery to exist, a
free coloied person to be denied all political rights, and,
after declaring that all persons shall enjoya free intercourse
with the States, suffers the free negro to be driven out of
all, and excluded from such rights. Deliver mo from such
an instrument thus partial, thus unjust, that can he thus
perverted, and made to sanction prejudices and party feel-
ings, and note the accidental distinction of color."
Wendell Phillips, a bishop in the abolition
church, gave his honest opinion in the following
style:
"No man has a right to be surprised at tills state of
things. It is juat what we [abolitionists and dipuniomst^]
have attempted to bring about. It is the first sectional
party ever organized in this country. It does not know its
own* face and calls itself national; but it is not national—
it is sectional The Republican party i* a party of the
North pledged against the South.
•'No act'of ours do vvc regaid with more conscientious
approval or higher satisfaction, none do we submit more
confidently to the tribunal of Heaven and the moral verdict
of mankind, than when, several years ago, on the 4th of
July, in the presence of a great assembly, we committed to
the flames the Constitution of the United States."
I could cite similar language from the speeches
and writings of hundredsrof the leading men of
the Republican-abolition party, but it would only
he cumulative evidence of facts that cannot be
controverted. I ask reasonable men, honest, un-
prejudiced men who love their country, and who
can look on the present and the past condition of
the Republic, whether the conduct of the aboli-
tionists was not the cause of the secession of the
southern States. We ail remember the acts and
deeds of John Brown, the murderer and thief,
and how he was canonized by the fanatics of the
North because lie was hanged for crime. Of him
the present Governor of Massachusetts, John A.
Andrew, spoke as follows:
"John Brown and his companions in the conflict at Har-
per's Ferry, those who fell there and those who are to suf-
fer upon the scaffold, are victims and maityrs to an idea.
There is an irrepressible conflict [great applause] between
freedom and slavery as old and as immortal as the irrepress-
ible conflict between right and wrong. They are among
the martyrs of that eontiiet. John Brown was right. I
sympathize, with the idea, because I sympathize with and
believe in the eternal rjffht. They who are dependent
upon I)■ :ti and his sons and his associates, in the battle of
Harper's Feny, have a right to call upon us who have pro-
fessed to believe or who may imvt, in any manner or meas-
ure, taught the doctrine of the rights of man, as applied to
the coloml slave? of the South, to stand by their bereave-
ment. We ate in-night in the presence of a great and
awnil «o rnw, winch hasfalh'ii like a pall upon many fam-
ilies whose heaits fail, whose affections are lacerated, and
whose hopes are crushed, all of iiopo left on earth de-
stroyed by an event which, under the providence of God,
1 prav will be overiuied for that good which was contem-
plated and intended by John Blown."
After all this, who, I ask, is responsible for
southern secession, bloodshed, ruin, and desola-
tion? This war,civil war, internecine war, bloody,
desperate, and unnatural as it is, is the effect of the
abolition cause.
The abolitionists were the original anti-Union
men, a fact that admits of no denial; and when
we hear the bowlings now for a restoration of the
Union by the men who have destroyed it, they
simply mean the abolition of slavery, extermina-
tion of the white population South, and propa-
gation of a Yankee colony, with the negtoes as
vassals to raise cotton, rice, sugai, and tobacco
for the benefit of the modern Vandals and Goths
who claim title under the confiscation act.
The Union is broken! How can we restore
it? How reconstruct ? How again reunite the
North and South ? By a vigorous prosecution of
ji the war? The war has lasted for three years; it
j! has been vigorous. We have an immense Army
|j and a powerful Navy, brave men and good com-
|! manders, and we are' stilt drafting and recruiting
|! for the further vigorous prosecution of the war.
t! How long shall tins continue ? We cannot sub-
; 1 jugate nor conquer the South in the sense in which
these terms aie usually applied and understood.
War will make no Union, no fellowship, no fra-
ternity. The feeling of the South is bitter, the
hearts of the people alienated and estranged from
us, and hence the desperation with which they
resist in behalf of their homes, their kinds, and
their institutions. Unless the illegal steps taken
by our rulers are retraced, unless the Constitu-
tion is adhered to, and all arbitrary proclamations
and orders recalled, and unconstitutional legisla*
tion repealed, the southern people assured that
they can have equal rights witii us in the Union;
m short, unless the olive-branch accompanies the
sword we will never again have a Union. It is a
sad spectacle to contemplate; but so it is. This
once great and happy country, established by the
blood and sufferings of noble patriots of both
hemispheres, whose proud flag waved in the most
distant breeze, this glorious fabric of Heaven-
inspired men, this magnificent Republic, truly
the asylum of the oppressed of all lands, is sud-
denly and violently rent asunder and destroyed
by the degenerate sons of those who were born
and reared under its protecting banner of liberty-.
The remedy is with the people-. Letthe great
and honest yeomanry of the land, the farmers,
the mechanics, the miners, the laborers, all classes
who work for their living and earn their daily
bread by the sweat of their brow, rise in therr
strength and in their majesty as freemen, and
come to the rescue of imperiled liberty! Thank
Godf the ballot-box still exists,and although in-
fringed on in many parts of the country we have
yet the power to protect the sacred urn from
the janizaries and satraps of modern despotism;
Place statesmen at the head of the Government;
men free from bias, fanaticism, and treason, wjfo
will administer the laws impartially and constitu-
tionally. If this is not done, if the people will
continue the present party, with its avowed anti-
Union policy, in power, then no man born can
foretell the sad fate of this country. The angel
of liberty may, from on high, point to the land
from the St. Lawrence to the Gulf, and mourn-
fully exclaim, This icas the Republic of the Uni-
ted States!
Mr. CRAVENS. Mr. Speaker, I have had
neither inclination nor ambition during this ses-
sion of Congress for participating in general de-
bute. On the contrary, I have preferred to remain
silent and to record my vote on the merits of each
question as presented to the House for action.
And to-day, if { could satisfy my mind that I had
faithfully performed my duty to my constituents
and to my country by remaining longer silent, I
should most cheerfully do so. 1 feel, however,
that something more is required at my hands, and
I shall proceed to state briefly my views on some
of the questions at issue before the country. I
am aware that whoeverattempts to warn the peo-
ple of approaching danger, or opposes the wild
and revolutionary policy of those who are con-
trolling the affairs of the nation at this time, sub-
jects himself to the charge of disloyalty and trea-
son. With that class no distinction is recognized
between fidelity to the Government and fidelity
to the Administration. I acknowledge my obli-
gations to the former, to the latter 1 do not; and
charges coming from that quarter will not be likely
to deter me from expressing my opinions freely
upon questionsof public policy. 1 acknowledge
in the fullest sense all the responsibilities that be-
long to my position as a member of this body,
and I shall observe the strict rules of decorum in
what I have to say.
On taking my seat here as a member of this
House, I took upon myself a solemn oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States. I took
that oath without any mental reservation, and I
shall to the best of my ability keep it sacred and
inviolate.
The Democratic party, of which { am an hum-
ble member, and whose principles I indorse, has
raised the banner of the Constitution and the
Union, and we are determined to defend it against
whoever may oppose, come the opposition from
what quarter it may. Sir, in this dark hour of
tempest and storm there is no hope or safety for
us as a nation but in stiictly adheiing to the let-
ter and spirit of the Constitution. ♦Depart from
that bond of union, and we may prepare to reap
the consequences—anarchy first,and then despot-
ism. It is no part of my purpose to inquire who
is most to biame for the inauguration of the bloody
and desolating civil war in which the nation ts
now unhappily involved. We are called upon to
deal with the facts as they exist; to find the road
