1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBE.
similar views in still stronger language, declaring,
with prophetic earnestness and sagacity:
When your country is actually in w ar, whether it be a
war of invasion or a war of msun ection, Congress has power
to carry on the war, mid must carry Jt on, according to the
laws of war; and by the laws of war an invaded country
has all its laws and municipal institutions swept by the
board, and martial law takes the place of them." * *
* * " But when the laws of war are in force, what,
I ask, is one of those laws? Itisthis: that when a country
is irwaded, and two hostile armies are set in martial anay,
the commanders of both armies have power to emancipate
all the slaves in the invaded territory."
Farther on he says:
" I lay this down as the law of nations, I say that mili-
tary authority takes, for the time, the place of all municipal
institutions* and slavery among the rest; and that, under
that state of things, so far from its being true that the States
where slavery exists have the exclusive management of the
subject, not only the President of the United States, but the
commander of the army, has power to order the universal
emancipation of the slaves. I have given here more in de-
tail a principle which I have asserted on this floor before
now, and of which I have no more doubt than that you, sir,
occupy that cltair. I give it m its development, in order
that any gentleman from any part ot the Union may, if he
thinks proper, deny the truth of the position, and may main-
tain his denial; not by indignation, not by passion and fury,
but by sound and sober reasoning from the laws of nations
and the laws of war. And if my position can be answered
and refuted, I shall receive the refutation with pleasure; I
shall be glad to listen to reason aside, as X say, fiorn indig-
nation and passion."
Be it remembered this was uttered in the palmy
days of slavery and in the proud presence of the
representatives of the slave oligarchy, and yet no
one then, or has since, attempted to refute or over-
throw the defiant position taken by " the old man
eloquent." And are we, in the lurid light re-
flected fcy present occurrences, to discover rea-
sons, refutations, dangers, which the interested,
keen-sighted men of that day failed to perceive?
No; rather, I feci justified in saying, the loyal por-
tion of our people have rejoiced to find at hand a
power rightfully, constitutionally developed, that
could and can, and, if need be, will, unchecked,
call for every dollar of property and the service
of every able-bodied man to put down and trample
out the last offending vestige of the great rebellion
of history. It is admitted under this construc-
tion that in taking care that the laws be faithfully
executed through out all this Union, the President
in a time like this wields a power which in ex-
tent and comprehensiveness and absoluteness is
possessed by no potentate or sovereign in Eu-
rope. And for the reason that in the Constitution
itself has been found " the hiding of his power,"
it begins to be realized at home and understood
abroad that the Union is not held together by a
mere rope of sand, to be severed and scattered by
the veriest gust of faction or gathering sweep of
the winged tornado; that if in peace we are agri-
cultural and commercial, in war we are a nation
of soldiers; that to-day England, France, Europe,
the world, respect and fear our future andicish
our dismemberment. This development of the
structure of our Government; this unfolding a
strong, compact military basis, where only weak-
ness and incoherence was looked for, makes us
at this hour a marvel to the nations.
We differ from all the democracies and repub-
lics which ever belted the Mediterranean shores;
we are unlike Rome in her best days of power
and of freedom; we are not like anything that
since has been and passed away. Seven years
of experience under the old Articles of Confedera-
tion were not lost upon our fathers. Thev knew,
for they had felt, the necessity of a strong central
Government in carrying on war, and when they
came together to frame a Constitution, it was but
natural they should, as they did, provide one;
most especially endowing it with amplest war
powers. Yet isitevidentthatnoither the reflected
lights of history nor the spectacle of Europe armed,
illustrating the cost and peril of standing armies
in times of peace, were lost upon those sagacious
patriots.
With the recollection of theembarassments, the
trials, and the sttaits through which they had
passed fresh in their minds, to avoid one danger
they would not incur another yet greater; and
they did not, and theresultis l< Tullvsponderibus
librafa suis'*—a country poised by its own weight.
If the rebels are belligerents, as they claim to
be; if confiscation is, as precedent establishes, an
allowed belligerent right; if by the accepted prac-
tice of modern civilized nations slaves have been
liberated by military commanders, who or what
takes from our Commander-in-Chieftheauthority
to do what subordinate officers have done? Again,
is any one defrauded, is any one wronged by the
exercise of this authority? It is true that a poor
white loyalist may be caught in the midst of the
swirling vortex; and therefore shall ihe spring-
tide "be arrested which is bearing a whole race
forward to freedom ? Do isolated instances of
hardship impair or at all break the force of the
great eternal principle put forth by Justinian,
(Inst., lib. 1, tit. 2, s. 2:)
a Bella etenim orla sunt,etcaptivitatessecuta etservitutes,
qua. sunt naturali juri contrarice ; jure enim naturali, omnes
homines ah initio hberi n/tscebantur"—" For wars have
arisen, and produced captivity and servitude, which are
contrary to the law of nature; since, by the law of nature,
all men were originally bom free."
Of course we are all more familiar with this
truth as enunciated in our own Declaration of
Independence.
But to return to the loyal white man and the
innocent children who are to be made sufferers,
paupers, by the operation of the emancipation
proclamation, Chancellor Kent says:
"Every man is in judgment of law a party to the acts of
his own Government, arid a war between the Governments
of two countries i  a war between all the individuals of the
one and all the individuals of which the other nation is
composed. Tins is the theory of all Governments, and the
best writers on the law of nations concur in the doctrine,
that when the sovereign of a State declares war against
another sovereign, it implies that the whole nation declares
war, and that all the subjects of the one are enemies to all
the subjects, of the other."
Vattel is even more direct:
"Since women and children are subjects of the State
and members of the nation, they are to be ranked in the
class of enemies."
Outraging, then, no principle of common law,
of martial law, of the law of nations, or of con-
stitutional enactment, notwithstanding individual
inconvenience, hardship, and even great wrong
apparently to the few, I insist, before Go'd and
man, and in behalf of his fellow-countrymen, the
President was solemnly bound to exercise the
right and the power he assumes to possess in his
emancipation proclamation.
There is yet one other aspect of this great ques-
tion which, perhaps, a citation from Vattel will
bestintroduce—anauthor, be it remembered, who
wrote not for subjects, but for kings:
"It is a settled point with vvnteis on the naturali aw
that ail men inherit fiorn nature a perfect liberty and inde-
pendence, of which they cannot be deprived without their
own consent."
■ Did the black man ever give his consent to be
enslaved? No, sir, no! We representatively
robbed him of his liberty and brought him here
and enslaved him and his posterity. There never
has been a time when, by the laws of nature and
of nature's God, he was noten titled to liberation.
And we, ay we, Saxon lovers of liberty—legatees
of the Great Alfred's will, " that it is just the Eng-
glisli should forever remain free as their own
thoughts*'—have held this race in bondage io!
these many yeais. Our organic charter construed to
inhibit any hurtful touching of " the institution;"
taunted with the infamy of the compactand con-
sent, ^e, by our fathers, had unwittingly and by
false pretenses been lured to make and to give;
goaded by our own consciousness of the rightand
the wrong; feeling we had stncken hands and
could notgo back of it; remembering one stronger
and wiser than human calumniator had said, " He
that sweareth to his own hurt and changeth not"
shall never be moved—we have, as best we might,
bided our oath and our time.
And now, what hath God wrought for us ? For
He it is that hath opened the door of deliverance,
whereat, with no breach of faith to the South, the
shackles fall off from four million people, and they
walk forth into the sunlight of freedom.
It is said ere the first outburst of treason had
taken place, one of the conspirators approached
General Houston and unfolded its object—to ex-
tend and perpetuate slavery. "So you say and
believe," said the old hero of San Jacinto, "but
mark my words, the first gun fired, no matter
what the final result, booms the death knell ot
slavery on thisenntinpnt." From that hour has
not the grand procession of events been the on-
ward march of freedom? As we contemplate the
spectacle, we feel not for naught has the long
bloody battle-roll been stretched across our val-
leys and mountains. We remember the poet's
sublime faith:
" God's most pcrfcet instrument,
Jn working out a pure intent,
Is man—arrayed for mutual slaughter;
Ye«, carnage is his daughtei
The matter-of-fact solution of the problem was.
in this wise: after due notice given, the Com-
mander-in-Chief of our armies, as a military
measure, issued a proclamation giving libertv'to
slaves of masters continuing disloyal. In virtue,
thereof, some are already enjoying their freedom,
and the solemn faith of Government is pledged
that all within its purview shall be made free as
events and our armies advance. Relying on its
being the settled policy of our Government here-
after to care, first for the normal condition "of
man, that freedom, not slavery, is to be pro-
moted, secured, guarded, already we see the slave
States of Maryland and Missouri, Arkansas and
Louisiana, and others on the home-stretch to be-
come free.
Now, in the face of these events, it is gravely
put forth, at the other end of the Capitol, that
executive caprice may at any time annul or re-
voke the proclamation,thrust back into thralldom
these millions of human beings, as though mor-
tal man had the prerogative to bring backwards,
so much as one degree, that terrible shadow upon
the nation's sun-dial, forgetting that the Being
who moves the hands upon that dial-plate sits
upon the circle of eternity!
But who is the man, where is the political
party, that proposes to make this issue between
slavery and freedom by recalling, if it could be
done, that grandest uninspired utterance in the
annals of time? It were better for that man he
had never been born. His name would become
a hissing and reproach amongmen,and his mem-
oiy be gibbeted with an immortality of infamy!
And what of a party organized to overthrow the
liberties of a race? Why, as John Van Buren
once said, a coroner's inquest might be necessary
to establish the identity of the carcass ere en*
tombment, to be known no more on"earth,.
In that other wing of the Capitol it has also
been suggested that the Supreme Court, never
having yet passed upon the validity of the proc-
lamation, may, in the plenitude of its wisdom,
hold it null and inoperative. Think of a judge in
Westminster Hall examining and passing upon
Lord Dunmore's or Admiral Cochrane's procla-
mations of freedom to slaves; or of the court of
King's Bench gravely reviewing Lord Cornwal-
lis's or Lord Wellington's proclamations. Think
of our supreme judges constituting themselves
into a supreme court-martial, and hearing argu-
ments as to the propriety or pertinence of Gen-
eral Grant's or General Banks's military orders or
proclamations. The President might modify or
annul the orders; and shall he, too, be arraigned
before such tribunal? Will a coordinate branch
of the Government attempt to review or modify
the mili fary measures of the Commander-in-Chief?
Not unless madness indeed rules the hour and the
tribunal.
From the authorities already cited, it would ap-
pear, if the very case has not been passed upon
by the Supreme Court, the principle beyond all
question has been settled which will control should
such case ever be presented.
Chief Justice Taney, in his better days, once
said, (7 Howard Rep., pp. 43, 44:)
"After the President ha* acted, and calle-d out the mili-
tia, is a circuit couit of the United States authorized to
inquire if his discretion was ught? If the judicial power
extends- so far,the guarantee contained in (he Constitution
is a gnaianiee of anarchy and not ot nrd«'r. If this right
doe* not le.-ide in the courts when the conflict is raging, if
the.judicial powei h at that time bound to follow the decis-
ion of the political, it must be equally bound when the con-
test is over. At all events, it [the power] is con/erred upon
him [the President] by the Constitution and the laws of the
United States and niu-t therefore be respected and en-
forced in unjudicial tribunals."'
But, in vn tue of the proclamation, these people
have acquired the right to be free; and exercised
by them for ever so brief a period, who has the
right again to enslave them? More than a hun-
dred yeats ago, Lord Lyttleton, in his Persian
Lettei s, asks:
" If liberty were but a yeai old the English would have
just a* good a rnrht to claim and to pieserve it as if it had
been h.uuh'd down to them from many ages ; for ailowmg
that ihen ancestor were slaves through weakness or want
of spit it, is sjaveiy so valuable an mheiitance that it never
mu-t be paited with? is a long pie^cuption necessary to
give toree to the natuial nghte ot mankind?-'7
No, sir, the Supreme Com t of the United States
cannot if it would, and will notifit could,review
the emancipation proclamation. It lias not the
power. If Congress in its high puissance should
by solemn and unanimous resoJ ve declare the proc-
lamation a nullity, such resolve, except as the
