24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of hospital
stewards of the United States Army on duty in
the city of Nashville, department of the Cum-
berland, praying for promotion and increase of
pay*, which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of paymasters'
clerks, praying for an incftase of compensation;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of paymasters in
the United States Army, praying for an increase
of the salaries of paymasters* clerks; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
He also presented a petition of soldiers who vol-
unteered and enlisted m the service of the United
States for the period of nine months, praying that
a bounty of twenty-five dollars be granted to them,
according to the act of Congress, approved July
17,1862; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented the petition of J. E. Dawley,
Barthol Wood, J. Dewey, jr., and J. W. Andrew,
inspectors of the Boston and Charlestown district
of customs, praying for an increase of their com-
pensation; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. HENDERSON presented the petition of
.Tosoph R. Wincheli and others, citizens of Mis-
souri, praying for a commodious and speedy line
of railway communication between Washington
city and the city of New York; which was ordered
Jo lie on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition ofBerendt
A. Froiseth, praying for the payment to him of
fifty dollais, which he alleges to be due him as
assignee of Chailes Colter, on a voucher dated
May 10, 18G1, against the Government of the
United States, issued by the quartermaster and
approved by the colonel, W. A. Gorman, of the
first regiment Minnesota volunteers, to Charles
Colter; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND KlOFEUItED.
On motion of Mr. WADE, it wan
Ordered, That the papers it) the ease of Marshal 0. Rob-
erts and others, uu?tees of A. <3. Sioo, contractor tor car-
rying the mails between New York, Now Orleans Havana,
and Chanies pi ay nig compensation lor e\tia mail facilities
on that route, be taken fiom the files of the Senate and re-
ferred to the Committee on the PostOliiee and Post Roads.
REPORT PROM: A COMMITTED.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was refeired a resolution to print
additional copies of the report of the Secretary of
the Navy, and appendix, have instructed me to
report back the same \\ ith a recommendation that
it pass.
KIOPISRENCE OF TIIK IMUCSIDICNT'S M15SSAUE.
On motion of Mr. DOOLITT.LE, it was
Oidered, That ho much of i'i<* President's mosaic as le-
lates to ulTairs wjiIi ihe Indian tubes be icleucd to the
Committee on Indian Atlai^.
On motion of Mr. GLUMES, it was
Ordered, Thar so much ot the Piehulent'-J menace a«s re-
lates- to the benevolent m.M it utiini-established pat ionized
by the Goveinment, in the Uimi letot Columbia he refened
to the Committee < n the Distuct of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordcicd, That so much of the I'lesnlrutV ine^agtj as re-
lates to ihe financial atlairs ot the United ritales beiefcrred
to the Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. GOLLA.MER, it was
Ordered, Thaw much of tin1 President's menage as re-
lates to {lie Post Ultiee Department be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Port Othce and Po&t Roads.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordeicd, Tnat Miniuch of the Pie.-ident's mefe^age re-
late-'to military afuir-s bo rclcmd to the Committee on I
Militaiy Artdirs and the Militia.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordered, That to much oi the President's mes-ago an re-
lates to the eomnn a lal inteicrt- ot the United States be
letened to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Oidcred, That -*o much nf the President's mo-' ago a< re-
lates to the agiiculunal interests of the United States be
referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
On motion of Mr. HAULAN, it was
Oidcred, Thnt ?o much of the President^ mc?>n;?oa-?re-
lates to the public I-itul- of t'e: United fcutcsbc reieired to
tlie Comiriitiee on Public Land*.
vAVAL ACTING APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. HALE submitted the followingresolution; I
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the ptopriety and expediency of pro-
viding by law that appointments in the naval service, com-
monly called " acting appointments," be submitted to the
Senate for confirmation, in all cases where similar appoint-
ments in the regular Navy are required to be submitted to
the Senate.
REVISION OF TIIE STATUTES.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 offer the following resolu-
tion, which is identical with one which 1 first of-
fered in this body twelve years ago, and I ask for
its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be di-
rected to consider the expediency of providing by law tor
the appointment of commissioners to revise the public stat-
utes of the United States; to simplify their language ; to
cotrect their incongruities; to supply their deficiencies ; to
arrange them m order; to reduce them to one connected
text; and to report them thus improved to Congress for its
final action, to the end that the public statutes, which all
are presumed to know, may be in such form as to be more
within the apprehension of all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that resolution
had better he over for the present.
Mr. SUMNER. It is a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I have no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it a resolution of inquiry
altogether r
Mr. SUMNER. It is a resolution of inquiry.
It is one that I have had the honor of offering in
this body at every Congress for twelve years, and
I hope during the present Congress to obtain
some final action upon it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
Objection bonis made, it lies over under the rule.
Mr. McDOUGALLsubsequently said: I raised
an objection a short time since to the considera-
tion of a resolution introduced by the Senator
from Massachusetts. 1 desire now to withdraw
that objection, understanding the resolution more
distinctly than I did when it was first read.
Other business intervening, the withdrawal of
the objection did not bring up the resolution for
consideration.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. IIALE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to amend the act entitled
"An act to establish and equalize the grade of
line officers of the United States Navy," ap-
proved July 16, 1862.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 9) prohibiting speculative transactions in
gold, silver, and foreign exchange; which was
read twice by its title, icfeired to tho Committee
on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
He also, in pursuance of previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to intioduee a bill (S. No. 10)
for the relief of the officers of the fourth and fifth
Indian regiments; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Alfatis and the Mihtia.
Mr. FOOT asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 11)
granting public lands to the People's Pacific Rail-
road Company, to aid m the construction of a rail-
road and telegraphic line to the Pacific coast by
the northern route; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr.FOOT. I move that the bill lie on the table,
and I beg leave to remark in a word, that it is not
improbable that a special committee may be raised
on the whole subject of a Pacific railroad, but I
do not wish to bring myself within the rule of
courtesy for a place on such committee by mov-
ing its appointment; but I will say that if such a
committee shall be raised, I shall then move the
reference of this bill to that committee; otherwise
to some of the standing committees of tho body.
I move that the bxll be printed.
The bill was laid on the table and ordered to be
punted.
Mr. HENDRICKS, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 13) extending the time within which
the States and Territories may accept the grant of
lands made by the c ct entitled "An a^t donating
public lands to the several Stutcs and Tenitoiies
which may provide colleges for the benciHof ag-
riculture and the mechanic ans," approved July
2, 1865; which was lead twice by its title.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 move the reference of
the bill to the Committee on PublicLands, though
1 believe the measure originated with the Com-
mittee on Agriculture. Itseems to me more prop-
erly to belong to the Committee on Public Lands,
and I therefore move that reference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a hill
(S. No. 13) to amend an act entitled "An act to
define and punish certain conspiracies," passed
July 31, 1861; as also the twenty-fourth section
of an act entitled "An act for enrolling and call-
ing out the national forces, and for other pur-
poses," passed March 3, 1863; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution (§. No. 4) authorizing the
Secretary of War to appoint aboard of officers
to audit the accounts of the citizens of Lawrence,
Kansas; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. As I desire to submit
some remarks to the Senate before this resolution
shall be referred to a committee, i move that it lie
on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 5) of thanks to Major General Am-
brose E. Burnstde, and the officers and men who
have fought under his command ; which was read
twice by its title, tcferred to the Committee on
Mihtaiy Affairs and the Militia, and oidercd to
be printed.
EXCHANGE OF PltlSONEIlS.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, 1 propose to call
up the resolution which I submitted a few days
ago on the subject of the exchange of prisoners,
and I propose to occupy the attention of the Sen-
ate for a few minutes upon that resolution. I ask
that the resolution be read.
The Secietary read the following resolution,
which was submitted by Mr. Davis on the 8th
instant:
Resolved, That the lefusal of the iebel authorities to ex-
ehaii^e negio f-ohheis, or their officers, oi any cla^ of pris-
oner lioin the Umfd State-; Aimy, -houkl not pievont or
suspend exchanges by out military aiithouties tor any other
eh.-s ot pti,-oner>$ and ju-tice, policy, and lmmainf\ de-
mand that, a- last as it can be done, oui tuave and ^ntieung
counuymen should be deliveted tiom their captivity.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I urnlci stand from
the report of the Secretary of War that there
are in the rebel prisons in Richmond, and that
neighborhood, about thirteen thousand white
ptisoners captured fiom the ainnes of the United
States, that "well-authenticated statements show
that our troops held as pnsoners of war were de-
prived of shelter, clothing, and food, and some
have perished from exposuie and famine;" and
that those prisoners "are now supplied with food
and raiment by this Government,and by our be-
nevolent and charitable associations and indi-
viduals." We have it from numerous and ltliable
soum-s of information, and from many of the
captives themselves, that there is a state of great
destitution in Richmond, and that their own suf-
ferings lor want of food, clothing, and proper
prison apartments are very great; that fiom these
causes many have already died, and others are
daily dying. If those brave mai t y rs to their coun-
try 's cause had been exchanged early in their cap-
tivity, many of them had not now perished fiom
gaunt want and disease m loathsome prisons, but
would have lived to return to their homes, their
families, and their friends.
Why were not these true and heroic men ex-
changed within a reasonable time after their cap-
tivity? Tin; vSecretdiy of War, in his repoit, has
spoken upon this subject, but not explicitly as to
.some points. He says:
When the Government commenced oiaantzuur coloicd
ttonps. the iebel leader, Davis, by solemn and olFici.il proc-
lamation, announced that the co'oied troops and then white
ofheeis, if eiptuied. would not be ieer>gmze<l a* prisoners
oi n\ir, hut would be given up for punishment by the tftuto
aurhouties."
As I understand, here lies the chief clitVulty
behyecn the United States nn<l the rebels in tei.i-
tioti to this matter of exchanging nrisotieis: they
aiv requued to treat negioes, captured by thorn
with aims in their hands, and their ctficcrs, as
prisoners of war, and to exchange them for white
