1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
weapon intends to kill. He for the Crittenden res-
olutions with a vengeance; and yet they declare
that the war shall be prosecuted until the Union
is restored. He support the Crittenden resolu-
tions; and yet stood up m this Hall but a few days
ago, and with great flourish of trumpets had the
speeches of Burke and Chatham read wherein they
denounced the wiongs that the mother country had
heaped upon this, and wherein they plead for the
redress of the grievances and for the independence
of the colonies, and paraded these speeches as ap-
plicable to the state of things now existing between
the Union and the rebel States. The Union was the
mother country; had inflicted and should redress
the wrongs, give the guarantees, indemnity for
the past, and security ftfr the future, and let the
oppressed go free. It assumed the shape of an
allegory, less beautiful, it is true, than the match-
less allegory of Banyan, its most faulty point being
a failure to inform us whether he,standing then in
propria persona before us, typified most nearly the
stalwart Burke or the gifted Chatham; whether
modesty stood in the way, or whether he con-
ceived himself equal to both, I will not undertake
to decide. He an advocate for the Crittenden
propositions; and yet paraded m this House the
other day, as an argument for the appointment of
peace commissioners on our'part, the resolutions
introduced into the rebel congress by Mr.Wright
of Georgia, as follows:
"Whereas the Piesident of the United State?, in a late
public communication, did deciaic that no propositions
101 peace had been made to that Government by the con-
fedeiate states, when, iu tiuth, such piopoi-itions we<e
pi evented irom being made by the l'nwdent of the United
States, in that he letused to hear, or to receive, two com-
missioners appointed to neat eApie«>ly of the presetva-
tion ot amicable relations between the two Governments;
nevertheless that the confedeiate States may stand jus-
tified hi the night of the consenative men of the North
of all parties, and that the woiid may ki^ow which of the
two Governments it is thatujgcs on a w.ir unp.nalleled t'or
the fierceness of the conflict, and intensifying into a sec-
tional hatred unsurpassed m the annals oftuaukind : There-
fore ,
•lAesoh'cd, That the confederate States invite the United
States, through then Government at Washington, to meet
them by repiosentalives equal to their Representatives and
Senator* in their lef-peetive Combes!*. at , on the ——
day ol next to consider : 1, Wh<-ahet they cannot n<nee
upon the leeogmuon ol the confederate States oi Ameuca.
2. In the event oi such lccognmon, whethei they cannot
agree upon the formation ol anew Govei.inient, founded
upon the equality and >oveieiguty of the States; hat it tln-5
cannot be done, to consider: S. Whethei they cannotagiee
upon tteaties, offensive, defensive, and comineiciai.
"Resolved, hi the event oi the pa^saue ol tluse ipsoIu-
tions the Piesident be requested to cuuimuiiicate the same
to the Government at Washington in *uch manner a*? he
shall deem mo>t in accordance with the usages ot nation-*;
and in the event of their acceptance by that Government
lie do ii-sue his pioclaination ot election ot delegates, under
such irgulations as he may deem expedient." "
Now all the world knows that this preamble
states a positive falsehood, and the wonder is that
a gentleman could be found willing to father it.
The instructions of Jeff. Davis to the commis-
sioners, Alex. II. Stephens and his associates,
were published at the time. They weie expressly
told in those instructions that their mission had
no political aspect whatever, but related alone to
questions m connection with prisoners, and the
treatment of prisoners. They were prohibited
from entering upon any negotiations touching
other questions. No one has ever denied or
doubted the genuineness of these instructions.
They were published by Jeff. Davis himself m
the rebel papers to notify the world that though
he hud proposed to send commissioners, they
were prohibited fiorn negotiating upon the subject
of peace. It is pretended now, 1 know, by the
disloyal tribe of politicians, that if the commis-
sioners had been received we would have hcaid
a different stoiy, a conjecture light in face of the
instructions, and evidence of an overwhelming
kind to thecontrary. Alex. H. Stephens was one !
of these commissioners, and we have his declara-^
tions, made since that time, that he is against
peace on any tonus but the independence of the
lebel States. It is not to be supposed fur a sin-
gle moment that a peace commissioner who was
to negotiate a peace on the basis of the recon-
struction of the Union would be appointed who
was himself opposed to such a leconstruetion.
It is an absmdity, a silly fahucation. Here is
what Mr. Stephens said in July, 1863:
"A" for ipconstiuction, cuch a thing lmpo^ihte, such
an ld-'a must not b<> toleiared lor an mutant. Xleconstiuc-
tion would not end the war, but would produce a nioie
iiomble war than that m which we are now engaged.
" The only Joints on which we can obrtm peimanent
peace is final and complete separation from the North.
Rather than submit to anything short of that, let us resolve
to die like men woithy of freedom."
And here is what Jeff. Davis's organ said:
"It is all or nothing; the confederacy or the Yankee
nation, one or the othei, must go down, down to perdition*,
one or the other must forfeit its national existence^ and
lie at the mercy of the other."
Before testimony so dogentand overwhelming,
let the lying tongue be put to silence.
The propositions of this Mr. Wright of Geor-
gia are an insult to the living and the dead. The
Glood of the slam and the spirits of the departed
forbid it, and he of the loyal States who shall give
it his sanction will curse the day that gave him
birth,.and call upon the rocks and mountains to
hide him from the wrath of an outraged people.
As the thunderbolt leaps from the cloud, as the
lightnings shiver the gnarled oak, so will it fall
upon and crush him.
" It will come as the winds come when forests are rended,
Jt will come as the waves come when navies are strand-
ed."
The proportions are impudence in all its un-
searchable richness. I denounce them; but oh,
how 1 deplore the beggarly poverty of language
to do it! The Union, with all its historic renown
and glorious memories, to be traded off and bar-
tered away with less solemnity than should char-
acterize a horse-trade, and for less than a mess of
pottage; its continuance and perpetuity excluded
from consideiation and not to be within the juris-
diction of the referees at ail! Great God, what a
solemn mockery 1 And is this the ultimatum for
which the brave soldier has surrendered the com-
forts of home, gone to the tented field, endured
the toils, dangers, and privations of the camp—
nay, for which he has bled and died,and for which
we now hear the wail of the widow and the orphan
from occan to ocean and from the lakes to the
Gulf?
Considering that " a vicious old political dy-
nasty that has long controlled the Government,
with its plantation despotism is now in its last
agonies of dissolution," it was meet and proper,
and in harmony with the eternal fitness of things,
that he who upon this floor has pronounced the
attempt to rescue the Government from Vandals
and put down the rebellion, " a hellhh crusade of
bluud and famine" should be the embassador to
bring foi ward this proposition. It will be seen that
these propositionsaielike the division of spoils be-
tween the white man and I he Indian: " I '11 take tin*
turkey and you take the buzzard, or you take the
buzzard and I'll take the turkey." So it is with
these propositions, the independence of the con-
federacy in any contingency must be granted; that
is a sine quanon; and the convention proposed is
to have no power outside the limitation. Oh! how
terrible to the people of thatdoomed city was the
blasts of the rams' horns around the walls of Jer-
icho, but not so terrible as the withering indigna-
tion and burning scorn that will follow those who
aie for peace on disgraceful terms. How can one
who favors such a peace be for the Crittenden
propositions, which are in utter antagonism to such
a disguiceful surrender? They declare that the
rwar was begun and forced upon us by the dis-
' unionists of the southern States now m revolt
against the constitutional Governmentand inarms
around the capital, and that the war must be
prosecuted until the Union is restored. These do
not contemplate the lestoration of the old Union
under any contingency whatever, and yet the hon-
orable gentleman—champion, as some claim, of
the Cntienden resolutions, brings them forward
and urges for them a favorable consideration. But
we will listen to no such perfidious propositions;
we will not prove lecicant to the ti ust confided to
us by the people; we are no backsliders and will
not prove rctromingent. This Government will
live after those who would subvert it aie dead,
as die they will, and as they have applied them-
selves to bad purposes here, though we cannot
penetrate the #ul, they will probably be applied
fo ditto hereafter:
" [mpcunl Crcsfir, dead, and turned to clay,
Maj stop a hole to keep the wind away/'
I apply not my remarks to any one, and as they
are intended for no one to whom they do not justly
apply, I simply let them apply themselves. He
who is conscious of rectitude of intentions toward
his country may be satisfied I allude not to him.
It is the wounded bird that flutters, and if an ar-
row of mine has sped to a proper object, there let
it stick.
My homfc is, Mr. Chairman, as you-may per-
haps know,"in Indiana. That State is a good Statej
and has a population, with some dishonorable ex*
ceptions, of which a prince might well be proud.
I am happy to say that it is the State of .my na-
tivity , ana have a sneaking suspicion that the State
is happy too. Many of the people are from Ken-
tucky; Virginia, Maryland, the Carolina's, and
other slave States. Some of them are prejudiced
in favor and some against slavery; but as a gen-
eral thing they are reasonable and reflecting men,
and honorable and good citizens. When they
came among us, they did not leave the land of
their birth between two days nor for their coun-
try's good, but they came among us respectable
citizens, seeking a land of fieedom, a genial cli-
mate, and a fertile soil. They may have been
slaveholders or they may not; but be that as it
may, they were and are a fair class of men. They
are not intolerant, they head no mobs, lynch no
ministers, tar and feather no poor friendless and
unprotected stranger, and burn no one at the
stake. They pay their taxes, educate their chil-
dren, build churches and school-houses, have con-
tributed largely to the prosperity and wealth of
our State, and have made the wilderness blossom
as the rose.
But there is a different classfound in allthefree
States, Indiana mcludcd, not numerous, thank
God, and it is a pity that the race was not extinct.
It has no affinity, no consanguinity with the mer-
itorious and respectable class to which I have re-
ferred. I will undertake to describe one of these
animals. He professes to be of the chivalry, of
the lineage of the brave and dashing Cavalier,
and proves that he is of gentle birth to the satis-
faction of all by acts that would shame a savage.
Ho was in the New York mob. He is of those
who declare this to be an abolition war, and who
say, " Oh ! he has gone over to the abolitionists,"
whenever they hear one utter a manly sentiment.
He gets into Congress sometimes, and we hear
his speeches from those who would be in the con-
federate congress if confederate scrip was as good
for bread and butter as greenbacks. As they
elect congressmen for Kentucky, Tennessee, Mis-
souri, and other States at Richmond, it would not
be at all surprising if some of these gentlemen
should wake up some fine morningand find them-
selves elected to the congress at Richmond. It
would be but a proper acknowledgment for ser-
vices rendered. The greenback question might
stand in the way of acceptance; but I would make
no indiscriminate charges simply because gentle-
men differ from me in opinion, and include no one
who is for his country, no matter how divergent
our paths may be, and no matter how much he
may differ with the party in power, if that differ-
ence is not used to paralyze the arm raised to
strike down the rebellion.
But to the description. He manifests much
hatred toward those who believe not in slavery
and cannot look upon it as a sanctified institution,
and toward the negro himself he is spiteful, vin-
dictive, and sometimes wanton, cruel, and fero-
cious. If a slave escape from bondage his scent
is keen, he is quick upon his trail, leward or no
reward, and his denunciations bitter and feaiful
against those whose tastes, lunmng not in that
path, conceive it dirty work. He is intolerant and
ready to mob, hang, way lay, assassin ate, crucify,
and burn at the stake all who differ with him in
opinion. The sacred calling of a minister shields
him not from his vengeance. Utterly remorseless
and as frantic as a fiend, the prayers and tears of
fragile woman are unavailing. Is he a slaveholder?
No, he is not. He owns no slaves. He never
owned a slave nor did his father before him. Some
of them are of low, brutal, and depraved lives,
but many are well-to-do in the world and of a
certain grade of respectability. What is the solu-
tion, then, to this strange phenomenon ? It seems
to be almost unaccountable. Though slavehold-
ing is well calculated to make a man with a bad
heart a domineering tyrant, all that can be truly
said is that such is only the tendency of the thing;
and the more respectable slaveholder, when not
aggravated or provoked into violence, holds such
conduct in scorn. He may visit terrible punish-
ment upon the offending negro, but not upon th«
unoffending; he reduces him to subjection and
takes his labor without compensation, but if he
