1072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12.
will be a dutiful servant, he will as a general thing
be a kind master. If the servant flees from bondage
he pursues him not, he has no relish for that sort
ofbusiness; but if it must needs bedone,the class
of men to which I have alluded are called into the
service and are employed as you would employ a
hangman or a scavenger. He may be, and fre-
quently is, intolerant and revengeful, and willing
that brutal things shall be done; but if so, he pre-
fers that brutal things shall be done by brutal
men, and maintains the semblance ,of decency by
confiding at least the manual part of the dirty work
to others. He is not a dog himself, though he
may occasionally hiss the dogs on. In every
sense he is above the class whose pictures I would
draw. He may be the remorseless judge, but he
is not the bloody executioner, tie may have
dirty work to do, but he is not himself the low
and vile scavenger.
Where do you find this despicable class? Most-
ly in the free States; but they are exotics, and
not to the manner born; they are imported if not
blooded stock. They once lived in the slave
States, and though they may have attained to con-
siderable respectability since their immigration,
they were of no respectability before emigrating,
but were kept down from generation to genera-
tion by a vicious system, and were what is de-
nominated in the slave States " poor white trash,"
held in contempt by the respectable slaveholder,
and in still greater contempt by the slave himself,
for a negro is a terrible aristocrat, and measures
a man's respectability by the number of his slaves.
One white man with a hundred negroes is of infi-
nitely more account than a hundred white men
without a negro. They associated not with the
slaveholder; they were hardly permitted to asso-
ciate with the negro, for the slaveholder distrusts
the fidelity of any one who cannot participate in
the business more than he does that of one who
will not, and in that he shows his sense and
knowledge of human nature, and the workings
of the human heart. If he is graciously permitted
to sit down at the slaveholder's tabic, it is not on
his own account, but because ho has to eat, he
lives by eating, and that keeps him under the
watchful eye of the master and apart from the
negroes, and the negroes from his supposed cor-
rupting influence. He is permitted to go through
the form of voting, but he might as well be led
to the polls by the nape of the neck, for his vote
is not his own, but that of the white man on
whose plantation and in whose cabin he lives.
He contributes in no way to mold public opin-
ion or swell its current; his voice is hushed and
his assistance spurned in the bold avowal of the
ruling class that uninformed public opinion (that
is the courtly phrase used to designate the voice
of the poor and the opinions of the humble) is to
be disregarded. No part or lot may such pre-
sume to have in what only concerns their betters.
This is all grinding, and he feels it, for he may
be, in all that constitutes a man, the superior of
the two, (but if he is he belongs not to my pic-
ture,) and he feels that the negro is the cause of
his degradation, (and such is really the tru th, that
is to say, his degradation results from the malign
influence of slavery,) and his vengeance falls upon
the poor negro for being the cause of evils for
which he is in no way to blame.
These grievances become so intolerable that he
finally takes up arms against them, puts all his
goods and chattels, for lie has neither lands nor
tenements, on to the back of a poor old horse, or
into a rickety wagon, and with wife and children
emigrates to a free State, with hatred to the negro
grounded into his very inmost soul too deep to be
eradicated by the small amount of reason at his
command; and lie comes with this other delusion
that the number of a man's slaves is the measure
of his respectability. If he comes not with this
latter delusion, he is not likely to becomeastake-
burner or one of the intolerant tribe alluded to.
With these two delusions deeply seated, he set-
tles upon free soil, and under the benign influ-
ences of free institutions makes property, holds
up his head, pricks up his ears, and gets up in
the world. He ceases to be an underling, but he
still hates the negro, and still holds fast to the
delusion that the holding of men in bondage is
proof of respectability. It is but a step from the
sublime to the ridiculous, not far from the cradle
to the grave; and the space is less, we see, be-
tween squalid wretchedness, abject servility, and
bogus aristocracy. It is a terrible fallacy that a
stream cannot be purer than itsfountain,thatyou
cannot make a silken purse out of a pig's ear, or
a gentleman and an aristocrat out of mud-sill
material. Hammond himself, of mud-sill notori-
ety, was, it is said, the son of a butcher. But this
is a digression. Thus the whole matter is ex-
plained. He visits vengeance upon the negro be-
cause he feels vengeful and is incapable of draw-
ing a distinction and seeing clearly that it was
slavery and not the negro that kept him down.
He is, as the boys say, " unconscious of his
agony,"or,more properly speaking, unconscious
of the real cause of it. He holds a slaveholder
in veneration simply because he is such, as he has
yet learned no other standard of respectability,
and he professes to hold him in more awe than
he really does, lest if lie did not seem to be wed-
ded to slavery and the slaveholder, it might be
suspected by his neighbors that he had belonged
to the " poor white trash," which he conceals as
sedulously as the escaped convict, would conceal
the fact that his last boarding place was the peni-
tentiary. It is to the glory of Ijjee institutions,
free sod, and freedom that though the deplorable
condition of this man as depicted has been the
condition of the father before him, and his an-
cestors for ages, that still many such, under the
warming, quickening, and fertilizing influence of
freedom, emeige as if by magic to full developed
manhood as soon as they have a chance; but
such are not of the tribe that I am attempting to
describe. And thus the whole problem is worked
out, and the strange mystery explained.
I once inquired of one of those who was putting
on airs and making a manifestation of plantation
manners, "Did you ever own a slave?" "No."
"Did your father ever own a slave?" "No."
" Did yourgrandfather ever own a slave?" "No."
"Did your great-grandfather ever own a slave?"
"No." "Did any of your kindred in the as-
cending or descending or collateral line to the re-
motest generation ever own a slave?" "No."
"Then you may as well subside; the thing won't
work; the fable of the toad that would swell to
the dimensions of an ox, and the catastrophe
which befell his toadship, stand in the way; you
may attempt to hold a high head, but you are of
scrub stock at last, and can make no one believe
by an exhibition of plantation manners that you
are of a blooded race or ever belonged to the slave
oligarchy." But from this colloquy I would not
have my opinions in regard to " blooded stock"
misunderstood. An old Dutchman had hogs sup-
posed in be of a choice breed. A neighbor ap-
plied to him to buy a couple for the stock, and
the Dutchman agreed to deliver them. He carried
them over in a basket, and also a basket of corn;
a basket of pigs in one hand and a basket of corn
in the other. When he arrived he set down the
basket of pigs, saying, " Here ish to pigs;" then
he set down the basket of corn, saying, "And
here ish te breed." And that is my opinion of
" blooded stock," whether applied to man or pigs;
it depends a good deal on the keeping,.
But to letnin to the point. The desire of man-
kind to seem to be what they are not, we find it
all over the world, on this floor as well as else-
where; and I now declare it in the presence of
certain gentlemen upon this floor—but of course
I make 110 sweeping remarks, and allude not to
patriotic gentlemen, who delight not 111 borrowed
plumes—that they will have to be more frantic,
and.more adroit to boot, than they have yet been
to palm the deception alluded to upon a discern-
ing public. It may be and doubtless is all right;
but the people will want better pioof of it than
mere devotion to slavery or subserviency to that
interest.
Whoever goes upon the hypothesis that his
eyes and ears are wide open and that all others
are blind and deaf, is laboring under a terrible de-
lusion; as a good old duaker minister said, " He
is deceived, and likewise sucked in." Slavery
may be a great sin or it may nott—I think, my-
self, that it has not much relish of salvation in it—
slaveholdmg a great crime or it may not. It may
become the corner-stone of a despotism, the off-
spring of a dissevered Union, or it may not; that
depends upon the aid and comfort the enemy may
receive from northern traitors; but one thing is
certain, the animal I have described, whose pic-
ture I have drawn, and whose pedigree I have
given, is spurious and bogus. ■
One of the grand complaints against Mr. Lin-
coln is that in one of his messages he called ne-
groes "American citizens of African descent."
It was for a time the theme for all the numberless
wits in the land. Now the wits in the land are
as numerous as the stars, of all ages, sizes, grades,
and descriptions; like the pigs that went astray
and were posted in rhyme:
'' Some were big and some were small,
And some were hardly hogs at all."
That the ruler of a great and mighty people,
the head of a nation of such historic memories as
ours, should get down stairs in that kind of style,
was so thoroughly disgusting as to put all de-
cency to the blush. He was bringing the nation
into contempt. A negro was to be nigger no longer,
but an "American citizen of African descent."
With pen, with pencil, and with tongue, the
changes were rung and the words ingrafted into
all sayings, writings, and speeches, garnished
with quotations, italics, and those other things
which grammarians tell us denote wonder, admi-
ration, surprise, astonishment, and horrification.
To point a moral or adorn a tale and to every pur-
pose of ridicule were they applied. Would you
be smart, severe, or did you desire to burnish up
your rancid wit, here was a glorious opportu-
nity. Write or say something into which these
words could be injected, and the rhapsodies of
delight into which all copperheads would go was
as quick and instantaneous as the lightning's red
flash which " paints hell on the sky." But utter
the words, and
"The rock is stricken and the waters gush."
In reply to truths respectfully spoken, calm and
dispassionate reason and good sense earnestly
uttered, "American citizens of African descent
was regarded as a capital hit of subtile wit, a cut-
ting retort as .keen as the glittering blades of Da-
mascus, a sledge-hammer blow, wielded by a her-
culean hand, hitting the nail on the head and
driving it home; and whoever could exhibit the
gieatest dexterity in " roping in" the words, was
regarded in the slang language of the day as a
" broth of a boy in the morning." But, mirubile
dictu, they have shotaway all their deadly arrows,
the last one in thequiverisgone,and old Abe yet
lives, and if he lives on and keeps a-living until
slain by these terrible shafts, he will carry length
of days in one hand and riches and honor in the
other. Oh! there is a comforting solace in the
reflection that—
" When fools become satiric,
We may lake it for a pancgyric."
It is in vain to disguise the fact that these are
degenerate days; the testimony is overwhelming,
and the unwelcome truth forces itself home upon
us. We may close our eyes, but the very at-
mospheie we breathe admonishes us of the truth.
He who will obey the precepts of the Saviour, and
speak in kindly tones of the poor and despised,
the down-trodden and oppressed, is, with many,
an object of ridicule. If it were a thing of a day
it would not excite alarm; but 1 fear it is not so,
and know not when wc shall emerge from the pit
into which we have fallen. That, devoutly as it
is to be wished, is a thing of more difficulty than
some are willing to admit. It is easy to dig a pit
and fall into it, but hard to get out.
" The gates of hell are open inyht and day,
Smooth the descent a ml easy is the way.
But 1 e return aiul view the pleasing skies,
In this the task, the mighty labm lies."
If this downward tendency continue, how long
will it be before mercy will cease to be regarded
on earth as one of the darling attributes of the
skies, charity become disreputable, and libaldry
follow the footsteps of those who feed the hungry
and clothe the naked, visit the sick and the af-
flicted, comfort the widow and the fatheiless, bind
up the broken-hearted, lift up the bowed down,
and pour the oil of consolation upon bleeding
hearts; how long, I ask, will it be before contempt
and derision will dog the pathway of those who
have dedicated themselves to deeds of mercy, and
whose lives are spent in visiting the hovels of the
poor and destitute, and at the bedside of the sick
and the dying? How far are we from it now?
When all the better principles of our nature be-
come brutalized, and the well-springs of the heart
are dried up, or its fountains all polluted, and we
become callous to human woe; and when our lives
demonstrate the absence of all that adorns human
nature, and we turna deaf ear to the wail of sor-
