2048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2.
abolition of slavery than you are about the res-
toration of the Union, or the liberties of the white
race on this continent? Indeed, am I not war-
ranted in saying that you would not accept the
Union of our fathers to-day if it was tendered to
you by the rebels laying down their arms and
asking to return? Look at the declarations of
some of your ablest leaders. Many quotations
might be made from others on that side of the
Chamber; but I will take, as a sample, what I
think is the sentiment of a large majority of your
side of the House. Mr. Stevens, of Pennsyl-
vania, in discussing the question of the admis-
sion of West Virginia into the Union—and he
has reiterated the same sentiment at this session—
said:
"I will not stultify myself by supposing that we have
any warrant in the Constitution for this pioceeding. This
talk of restoring the Union as it was and umler the Con-
stitution as it is, is one of the absurdities which 1 have
heard repented until I have become sick of it. There are
many thing* which make such an event impossible. This
Union never shall, with my consent, be restored under the
Constitution as it in."
Hear what my colleague from the burnt district
af Indiana [Mr. Julian] has said. On the 14th
of January, 1862, in a speech on this floor, he is
reported to have used the following language:
"Cases may arise in which patriotism itself may demand
that we tiample on the most vital piinciplesol the Consti-
tution; and this has been done ahendy by the present Ad-
ministration under the exigencies of the war."
And again, during this session, he made a
specch in which he said:
" Now U the time to b«*gi  rhi* work; wo niu^t not only
cut up sfaveiy root and branch, hut we must see to it that
these teeming regions shall be studded over with small farms,
itilled by free men."
And he further adds on the same occasion:
" Should both Congre.-s ami the courts stand in the way
of the nation's life, then the red lightning of the peopled
wrath must consume the recreant who refuses to execute
the popular will." * * * « Not even the
Constitution must be allowed to hold back the uplifted aim
of the Government."
These sentiments are expressed by bold and
able men; but they are no longer entitled to be
called pioneers. They may havo been so in days
that have passed, hut the mnjwity of those with
whom they train are up with them now, and
many of them a bow-shot ahead.
It is useless to quote any further, for these sen-
timents and expressions abound and are to be
found on almostevery page of your Congressional
Debates for the past three yeais.
Now, sir, what I desire to know is this: if a
man in the South is a rebel because he sets the
Constitution at defiance and refuses to live under
it, and will not consent that the Union shall he
restored under theConstHutionas it is, what then
is a man in the North who swears to support the
Constitution, and then declares that the Union
shall never be restored under it if he has the
power to prevent it? 1 can find you plenty of
such cases on this floor, if one man can say that
he will not consent that the Union shall be re-
stored under the Constitution for one reason,
why cannot another man say the same thing for
another and different reason? If the one is a
patriot and the other a traitor, what saves the
one and damns the other? Is it the saving grace
of negro equality?
Sir, I am sick and tired of this constant agita-
tion of die negro subject. The agitation of that
question is the Pandora's hox ftom which has
come evil, and only evil. I have no hostility to
the poor down-trodden African, and if slavery
is dead or dying Z shall not be a pall-bearer or
mourner at the grave. But I have yet to learn
that by ail your speeches or votes on the subject
you have conferred upon the negro one single, sol-
itary, substantial advantage or benefit. You have
token them from happy homes and sent them
wandering vagabonds and outcasts to die ofstar-
vation, or be huddled like sheep in contraband
camps, there to be fed at the public expense, from
the sweat and toil of white people. You have
determined that the Union shall not be restored
until slavery is abolished, and yetyou have m>ver
been able to tell what you are going to do with
the four million blacks when you have liberated
them. You will not send them out of the coun-
try. Your experiment with the six hundred that
I have referred to settles that question.
I am aware that some of you do entertain the
idea that you will ultimately exterminate the fight-
ing men of the South, or expatriate them, confis-
cate their homes and send their families wander-
ing through the country, after which you hope
that a new population will take the place of the
present occupants and owners of the soil, and
then you expect to see the negro population flour-
ish in all the enjoyment of social and political
equality. Sir, this idea is as visionaiy and as
baseless as the fabiic of a dieam. Why, sir, you
do not know the people of the South. If you had
the power to overrun the entire South with your
Army, and exterminate every soldier under arms
to-day in the South, and if you could confiscate
their lands and give them to the negroes and to
Yankee adventurers, do you suppose that you
could possess them in peace? Not a bit of it. At
every returning ebb and flow of manhood, as the
generations grow up, they would fight you, and
they would fight you for a thousand years. You
may as welldismissthatideaatonce. Then what
else can youdo? Your scheme to colonize them
on the Rio Grande will not work. They would
at once become the prey of the avarice and cupid-
ity of the white sharks, who will hang about them
as office-seekers or missionary agents. The peo-
ple of the North will not receive them with the
view to making them their equals, politically or
socially, although the doctrine of miscegenation
is beginning to oe popular with the abolitionists.
Then what next? Mr. Lincoln says,after much
fighting and much loss on both sides, and no gain
on either, you have the same question before you
yet to settle. I may not have given his words,
but his ideas and substance I have. Suppose you
succeed in forcing the States to liberate their
slaves, and you permit them to remain on the soil
where they have been born and raised, will not
the boasted fimlom you give the enfranchised
slave after all be metely nominal? Will he not
be found in a short time a vassal, a set f, or a peon ?
To my mind it is clear that he will. There is no
philanthropy in your visionary and wicked pol-
icy, and the sooner the people se^ it the better.
Sir, I desire to see this Union restored, and 1
desire to see it restored on such principles as the
South will feel satisfied with, if such a thing is
possible. I w.uit no thorns left in the side of the
body-politic, but that we may live together as
kindred and countrymen should live. 1 am a
plain man, and 1 represent a plain, honest, and
patriotic people—a people whose inteiest is in the
Union, and notout of it. We have been faithful
to observe all our constitutional obligations to
each and every section of the Union. My people
are mainly agi iculturnl, living in the great West,
on the Ohio river. They are compelled to have
the mat kets of the South for their surplus produce,
and for transportation we are bound to have the
free navigation of the Ohio and the Mississippi
rivers. The free navigation of these waters is as
essential to our material prosperity as the rain
that falls on our fertile lands is to the growth of
vegetation. And come whatmay, wc never will
give up that boon of God to any power on earth
while we can float brams, blood, or muscle on the
bosom of these gieat natural thoroughfares.
I have stood by this Administration in all the
measures that i have believed would aid in re-
storing the Union. I have voted to raise men and
money for the war. I have voted to lay the bur-
dens of taxation on the people, and my constitu-
ents have borne all this uncomplainingly. We
have had no other object in view than that the
South should be compelled to respect the law and
the Constitution. 1 feel that I have a right to
complain when you do not live up to the law and
the Constitution yourselves. Sir, who is at fault
that we have not put down the armed rebellion,
and restored the Union ? That now becomes an
important question. The fault does not lay with
the people, for there never was a people on earth i
w ho have suppoited an administration more faith- !
fully than have the people of the loyal States, j
Xlie fault is not with the Army, for 1 maintain i
that if has accomplished all that it could under j
the circumstance?. It is not the fault of the ■
Democratic, party that you have not succeeded, i
for I put it to you as gentlemen and as men of j
honor to say whether or not the Democratic party !
has failed to respond to any call made on them j
for men or money. Why, sir, in my own State j
where all have done well, the district the most !
tardy in responding to the calls fur men is the dis- 1
trict the most abolitionized—the one represented \
here by Mr. Julian. It is not because you have
not had abundant means under your control.
Let us look for one moment at what you have
had of men and money. The calls for men may
be found to be about as follows, to which the
people have promptly responded:
April 16,1861  75,000
May 4, 1861  64/748
Prom July to December, 1861  500,000
July 1,1862  300,000
August 4, 1862     300,000
Draft, summer of 1863   300,000
February 1, 1864  500,000
March    £00,000
Apul, for one hundred days  100,000
Total 2,339,748
This is the aggregate of the calls for men in the
Army alone, while the naval service foots up as
follows, as shown by the recent reports of the
Secretary of the Navy:
Vessels in service and building  588
Total tonnage     498,000
Number of guns      4,4-13
Number of seamen, July 1    31^000
The known cost of all this it is impossible fully
to state, but the following figures show the loans
and liabilities authorized by various acts of Con-
gress:
Loan of 1842  .$243.6*21
Loan of 18^7  9,415,250
Loan ol 1843  8,908'341
Texas indemnity loan ol liS50  3,461,000
Loan of 1858 %  20;000,000
Loan of 1860  7,622,000
Loan of 1861  18,4n.000
Troasuty notes, Maieh, 1851  514,900
Oregon wai loan, 1861  1,016,000
Another loan of 1851    SOlOOw.OOO
Three years Tiea^uiy note-;  139,679,000
Loan of Auguxt, 1861  33.),000
i Five-twenty loan  400.000,000
) Temporary loan.*.  101,933,103
i Curtilie.ues. <>f indebtedness  150,918,437
| Unclaimed dividend*   114,115
' Demand Tre,i>-ii y notes  500,000
! Legal tenders', l8Gi....     397.767.114
i Loyal tender-, 1863  JO-1,969,937
I I'o.-tnl and fractional cuirency   50,000.000
! OldTieasurv notes out-tdiulwig  llfiooo
'iVn lbilV bond*  900,000,000
Intetent-beaiini^ Treasury notes!  500,000,000
Total $3,774,914,818
This sum is startling, butit will fall but little short,
at the end of th is year, of four thou sand mil lion dol-
lars; and then I have not taken into the accounithe
immense amounts appropriated by States, coun-
ties, cities, towns, townships, and individuals.
When the entire sum is estimated, it will be more
than one half of all the real und personal property
of the loyal States, and fully two thirds of all the.
arms-bearing men in those States. All this vast
j sum of money and these vast numbers of men
j have been under the control of one man. What
has he done with the nation's blood and treasure ?
The proudest monarch on earth never had so
much power. What are the results? The money
is still flowing and the soldier is still bleed ins,
and the Union is not saved. Taxation incieases
$3,000,000 a day, and the population of the coun-
j try is being rapidly wasted away by death and
i disease, (jo to the crowded hospitals and look
| on those emaciated forms who inhabit them in
i pain, in sorrow, and in despair. Go to the vast
I fields of graveyatds aiound this cily and all over
I the country, where dead heroes sleep; view the
dailt horizon of this awful war in all its fiightfnl
aspects; and you will begin to comprehend the
responsibility which will attach, in the minds of
the people and of future ages, to the party, the
faithless, profligate, and corrupt paity, now in
power.
We see the President openly admitting his in-
fidelity to principle."Oil a recent occasion he says
that he has not controlled circumstances, but that
circumstances controlled him. We see him apol-
ogizing for his flagrant violations of the Consti-
tution on the gtound that his usurpations re
dictated by necessity. We see him withholding
his proclamation, which is forced by milupry
necessity, as he alleges, until he obtains the suc-
cess for which it was issued. See the letter of
the late Owen Lovejoy to William Lloyd Gar-
rison, published in the Boston Liberator, for the
truth of what 1 say. We see the President at
tlte side-shows of this city, where the Consti-
tution and tl*e old Union are discarded by travail-
