8024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16.
Mr. A. MYERS. No, si"; we have no nuts
"but hickory nuts up there. [Laughter.]
A Member His are ground nuts. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. A case came before thatjudge
in which a bridge and a road were involved.
There wassomesortof connection between them,
hut it did not seem clear to the judge how the con-
nection was. He had no interest in the road, but
he had an interest in the bridge. When the case
came up for deliberation, he said, "If the court
understands herself, and she rather thinks she
does, the bridge is all right, but the road Is all
wrong." [Laughter.] I think it probable that
my friend from Pennsylvania, having been en-
gaged in the ground-nut business, or in the pea-
nut war business, or, it may be, in the oil busi-
ness of that part of the country , sees a chance of
speculation, according to the intimation of my
friend from New York; and the real source of
mortification is this: that the gentleman, in his
pleasantry, (which is very cheering indeed, es-
pecially, as he says, in u time like this,) has been
turning argument into ridicule. It maybe pos-
sible that the gentleman covers up, under fog and
amusement, a grave and sober subject of consid-
eration.
I was startled, sir, asa Representative on this
floor, when it was stated—at a moment when we
are voting away, in effect, $95,000,000 of the pub-
lic treasure, and uncounted bodies of the public
lands, withoutany iecompense whatever—to hear
the intimation made by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Steele] that benevolent men on this
Hoor had stock in the corporation by which this
road is to be constructed.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I apprehend
that the gentleman cannot very well fail, after mak-
ing an attack of that kind, to yield to me.
Mr, HOLMAN. I yield very freely to the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I think that
my friend from Indiana has departed from his
usual fairness when he undertakes to pervert what
I said in reference to men in this country having
subsciibed to stock in the Pacific railroad for the
purpose of helping on this enterprise, by saying
that 1 had intimated that any member of this
House was interested directly or indirectly in this
road. What I said on that subject i nave no
hesitation in repeating. I said that this was
looked upon as a great public work, and that af-
ter the bill was passed by the last Congress, the
men who took an interest in it sought to obtain
subscriptions to stock, and that many were in-
duced to subscribe without any idea of ever hav-
ing a valuable investment in it. They did it as a
matter of patriotism. And if the ideas of my dis-
tinguished friend from Indiana are so contracted
and so belittled by his continual habit of deal-
ing in smallthings aiid talking about sixpences
while spending dollars,.that he cannot appreciate
the possibility of a man having patriotism enough
to invest in a work o'f great public necessity for
"the purpose of encouraging that work, without
some idea of dollars in it, then I must confess
that my distinguished friend's mind is more be-
littled and contracted than I supposed.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has'ex-
pired.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. Let me say a
word further.
Mr. MORRILL. You will have another time.
I call for the regular order of business.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The House resumed the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to the tax bill.
The SPEAKER. The amendments will be
read, and those on which a separate vote is not
asked will be considered, under the recommenda-
tion oftheCommitteeofWaysandMeans,as on-
concuired in*
Ninth amendment:
-Strike out the following:
That tor thc-purpose of assessing, levying, and collect-
ing the duties 'or taxes hereinafter prescribed by this act,
tin; .President of life United States be, and he is hereby,
autimnzed to'-divide, respectively, Uie respective States
and Territories of-ttit* Omted States find the'Distriet of
Columbia into convenient collection districts,-which he
iiutj alter, lessen, eplaige, or merge in other districts,,as
the public' interests shall appear to him tq reguirp, and |o
and . -by arid with ihc urtvi'ce and consent of the
to appoint, an assessor and a collector for eaeh
$hal I -be residents within the^'anie^iW-
vuted, 'iHmi any i>C $aid States arid, Territories qnd the Dis-
trict of ColuniMa4nay\sif7he1yre5ldPnt?liaird?eh'iVrf'p'ef3
be erected into and included in one district: Provided
fiittiter, That the number of distiicts in any State shall not
exceed the number of Senators and Representatives to
which such State shall be entitled in the piesent Congress.
And in lieu thereof insert the following:
The second section of an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government and to pay in-
terest on the public debt," approved July 1, 1862, shall re-
main and continue in full force.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in this
amendment. I think that we oughtto concur in it.
The second section of that act provided that the
States were to be divided into as many districts
as were then represented in Congress, except
where by the next apportionment they were in-
creased in this Congress, and they were then to
be made according to thatapportionmentalready
made. That has been done. If the House sec-
tion be adopted it would take the apportionment
of the present House for all, and New York,
Pennsylvania, Maine, and some other districts
would lose one district each; it would require a
readjustment of all the districts; whereas if the
Senate amendment is concurred in it will leave
the districts precisely as they are now.
Mr. MORRILL. There would be no differ-
ence of opinion in relation to the point stated by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania as to the pro-
priety of concurrence with the Senate. It will be
noticed that by the original section the committee
has the right to alter these districts, and if we
take the Senate amendment alone it will not leave
that power. Therefore it had better be referred
to the committee of conference.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The Senate amendment
will throw us back upon the actof 1862. At the
time the several States were divided into districts
it was found impracticable in Kentucky to make
more than three or four districts. Such was the
unsettled state of the country that it was deemed
unwise to district Missouri and Kentucky accord-
ing to the number of Representatives they had in
Congress. The Attorney General decidcd that
the President had not the power to reconstruct the
districts. If we accept the Senate amendment
Kentucky and Missouri will be kept as they are
now, a provision which is unwise in reference to
a state of peace. I think it important that the
conference committee should adopt something to
give thePresident power to change these districts.
I hope wc will non-concur, and send it to the con-
ference committee.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventy-fifth amendment:
Strike out" 2^,"in the twenty-fourth section, and insert
" 3 so that it will read :
That there .--hall be allowed to collector^, in full com-
pensation for their services and that of their deputies, a
salaiy ot $1,500 per annum, to he paid quarterly,and in ad-
dition thereto a commission of 3 per cent, upon the first
$100,000.
Mr. PlICE. I hope that will be concurred in.
It is for the benefit of the smaller districts. It is
to give 3 per cent, on the first $100,000. In sparsely
settled districts, composed of a number of coun-
ties, it is worth more to make collections than in
large, populous districts.
Mr. WASH BURNE, of Illinois, moved to close
debate on the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventy-ninth amendment:
In the following, strike out u4"and inseit" 5*' so that
it will read :
Provided, however, That the salary and commissions of
no collector, except m the cases mentioned in the proviso
in the twenty-second section of tins act. exclusive of sta-
tionery, blank-book*, and postage, shall exceed §10,000
in the aggregate, nor more than $o,000 exclusive of the ex-
penses lor deputies and clerks, to which such collector is
actually and necessarily subjected m the administration of
his- office.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for a vote on that
amendment.
The balance, from four or five'thousand dollars
up to §10,000, is expended for the benefit of the
deputies and clei ks throughout the district, and the
collector himself receives whatever pay we fix,
either four or five thousand dollars, as an abso-
lute compensation for the mere responsibility of
holding the office. A decisive vote of the House
fixing the amount of salary at §4,000—and winch
t think is not neai low enough—will be cortsideied
even at this late moment as indicative^ that little
legislative; body", life Committee 'of conference, of
thfc'fcXa'cr^OgitiOirbf tiro tlouse upon the subject.
Mr. WILSON. I move thatalldebate becloscd
upon this amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Two hundred and fifty-seventh amendment:
On page 93, at the end of line twenty-three, add the fo
lowing proviso:
Provided, That each savings bank except such as have
no fixed capital, and whose business is confined to receiv-
ing depQsits and loaning the same, and who do no other
business of banking, shall be liable to pay^iOO for license
as a banker.
Mr. KERNAN, I hope the House will con-
cur in this amendment, it will be observed that
a license of $100 must be paid by all banks using
or employing a capital not exceeding $50,000, and
$2 for each additional $1,000. Then the Senate
adopted this additional proviso, which was read
by the Clerk. In other words, all savings banks
are to pay a license of $100, except where they
receive money of depositors and loan it out and
do no other business. There arc §,ome savings
banks which are simply agencies created by a
Legislature, with directors who have no interest
and receive no pay, to receive money and loan it
out for humble depositors. As to them it is pro-
posed they shall pay no license. And surely they
should not. We might as well levy a tariff upon
a charity-box, it seems to me. The proviso is
well guarded, so that all those who do a business
for a profit shall pay a license.
Mr. MORRILL. If this proviso is suffered to
remain some small verbal changes oughtto be made
in order to render the provision perfectly secure.
The expression used is " fixed capital," a phrase
liable to different interpretations. These banks
are not subject to any income tax upon profits,
and they are composed of the deposits of such
persons as see fit to make deposits, and they are
not taxed in any other way."
Mr. KERNAN. If it will suit the gentleman
any better, I will move to strike out the word
"fixed," so as to make the proviso apply to
banks that have no capital at all. 1 will say to
the gentleman that this provision was drawn, I
believe, by a Senator from his own State, and was
intended to be so guarded as to exempt only those
banks which simply loaned the money of poor
depositors.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. It strikes
me that the best course to pursue in reference to
these savings institutions is to non-concur in this
amendment. It is not perfect, as suggested by the
gentleman from Vermont, and I would rather
trust a committee of conference with it.
Mr. KERNAN. If the House desires to pur-
sue that course, with a view to perfecting the
amendment, I will accept it.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Three hundred and seventh amendment:
Strikeout the words "miners actually producing shall
pay lor each and every license the sum of $10. Every
person, firm, or company who shall employ moie than one
person under him or them in the business of muting coal,
gold, silver, quicksilver, copper, lead, hon, zinc, spelter,
or oilier nuneials, shall be regaided as a miner under this
act;" and u^ertin hen theieoftlie following:
Assayed, assaying gold and silver, or either, of a value
not exceeding in one year ^1)0,000, shall pay §100 for each
license, and $2U0 when the value exceeds £25U,000 and
does not exceed £500,000, and .-$000 when Hie value ex-
ceeds $500,000. Any person or per<on< or corporation
whose business or occupation it i-. to sepaiate gold and
silvei troui other mctal^ or mineral substances with which
such gold or silver, or both, aie alloyed, combined, or uni-
ted, oi to ascertain or determine the quantity ot gold or
silver in any alloy or combination with other metals,shall
be deemed an assayer tor the purpose of tins act.
Mr. SHANNON. I hope the House will con-
cur in the amendment. The House will remem-
ber that this subject was discussed to a limited
extent when the proposition was made in the
House originally to tax miners and mining. The
whole proposition is materially changed by the
Senate amendment. The amendment proposes
to tax the ussayers, those engaged in the busi-
ness of assaying gold and silver.
Now, ;ny objection to sending this matter to a
committee of conference is, that that committee
will have no member upon it to lay before them
the facts in relation to this proposition.
Now, sir, there is no justice in taxing a man for
taking out of the earth a thousand dollars of a ma-
terial that the civilized world fixes an absolute
value upon. It is not like a manufacture, because
the tax upon manufactured articles is paid after
aH by Che consumer, and not by the manufacture!.
