1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2*
the same effect upon the point of equality. So
he, too, has not only surrendered constitutional
and legal slavery to the abolitionists, but he has
declared publicly for white and negro and univer-
sal equality. Equality without amalgamation is
impossible; but 1 venture this opinion, that any
amalgamation he may declare for will be theo-
retical. Indeed, I have yet to learn that any of
them teach by example as well as by precept.
The President goes for this equality upon the
self-evident law of nature. The practice of the
world for three thousand five hundred years, the
laws of nations, the constitutions and laws of all
the States at one time, and still of a large number
of them, the Constitution of the United States,
the judgments of the Supreme Court, of the whole
American judiciary, recognize and establish prop-
erty in slaves, which is expressly guarantied to
the owners by the amendatory provisions of the
Constitution; and yet the President, by his edict,
attempts to deprive their owners of that property,
and at one swoop at many States declares that
the loyal as well as disloyal owners are deprived
of them. He asserts that his proclamation, and
their enlistment in the military service, not only
frees but makes citizens of thpm at the end of
their service Citizens of one State, by the Con-
stitution, have all the rights and privileges of citi-
zens in the other States.
I suppose, then, that under the magic power
which I believe the President deduces from mili-
tary necessity, he is authorized to issue his impe-
rial edict to override the Constitution of the United
States, the laws and constitutions of all the slave
States, to nullify the decisions of the Supreme
Court and of all its justices; and by his word, by
his mighty fiat, in the remote absence as well as
the immediate presence of armies, to knock the fet-
ters from the slaves, and proclaim them to be free.
Sir, if the President of the United States has that
imperial power, he is the greatest of living auto-
crats; the greatest of all the autocrats that have
ever lived. The Czar of all the Russias and the
leaden despot of Austria have tame and impo-
tent powers when contrasted with this imperial
emperor of this western world.
Sir, there are many States, free States, in the
Union that prohibit free negroes from settling
within their limits; they have positive laws to pro-
hibit their intermarriage with the whites; and
those laws obtain in slave and in free States. It
is a law of my own State; and in addition to that,
although in Kentucky a man may liberate his
slaves, he is required by our constitution to take
them outside the limits of the State. And yet this
potent edict, this proclamation of Abraham I, this
imperial ukase looms up with a vigor and a power
that no man two years ago ever imagined or
dreamed of; overrides the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, all its guarantees of liberties, rights,
and privileges; all its restrictions and limitations
of power; overturns the laws and constitutions of
the sovereign States of the United States, because,
except within the limited scope of the powers of
the United States, the States and their govern-
ments are sovereign. Within the scope of its
powers, the Government of the United States is
paramount, supreme. Every constitution and law
of a State, every judicial decision, every principle
announced by any State governmental authority
that comes in conflict with the powers of the Gen-
eral Government, as conferred by the Constitu-
tion, falls to the ground. But, then,so far as that
Constitution does not vest the original power of
the States, the original political sovereignty of the
States and the people of the States, it remains to
them; and it is an essential and vital principle of
our system that the limits between the two gov-
ernments shall be kept separate and distinct, and
it is as much unauthorized and unconstitutional
for the President and the authorities of the United
States to encroach upon their portion of the divided
sovereignty, the reserved rights of the States and
the people, all, indeed, that is not conferred by the
language of the Constitution on the General Gov-
ernment's it is for the States or their authorities
or people to encroach upon the Federal power. The
officers of either, when they attempt by an array
of armed men to resist the execution of the laws of
the other, are respectively guilty of the crime of
treason itgainst the United States, or against the
particular State whose laws are thus opposed and
attempted to be overthrown by military men.
My State does not recognize any political, much
less social equality on the part of the negro with
the white man, whether the negro be bond or free.
I think it never will. It makes it a penal offense
for any clergyman to intermarry between the
races. The free negroes have no eligibility to office,
no right of suffrage, and I trust never will have
any with us. And yet, sir, in my State there is
as much humanity, as much of kind treatment to
the negro population, as there is in the vaunted
North, or anywhere beside. But this presidential
proclamation looms up. It conscripts all the
negroes that the military officers may choose,
whether they are slave or free, whether they be-
long to the loyal or disloyal, into the armies of the
United States. It declares that from thenceforth
they are and shall be free; and the President says,
in addition, that when they have served out their
time of service they become citizens of the United
States. Mr. President, [Mr. Foster in the chair,]
you are a lawyer, you are a constitutional lawyer,
you are a conservative statesman. You know,
and I ,know, that there are but two classes of cit-
izenship in the United States. We might differ
upon the broad principle whether citizenship was
restricted exclusively to the white race, which is
my principle, but upon this subordinate question,
I know, sir, that you and I would accord in opin-
ion. There are but two modes by which citizen-
ship of the United States can be obtained. The
one is by birth, the other is by a uniform rule of
naturalization prescribed by Congress. The whole
subject of acquiring citizenship, except by birth,
is, by express provision of the Constitution, vested
in Congress. That provision necessarily excludes
from the President, or from any other functionary
of the Government, all power to interfere with the
subject. It shares this power with no other offi-
ceror authority in this Government; andyethere
comes up the President's proclamation and annuls,
annihilates thatprinciple of the Constitution. As
I before said, it sweeps away all the State con
stitutions and State laws that conflict with it.
The portals of the State governments and all their
honors, trusts, and offices are thus, no/ens miens,
in defiance of their constitutions and laws, opened
to the negroes, who are thus to become freedmen,
and then citizens, by thePresident'sproclamation
The Constitution declares expressly that the citi
zens of one State shall have all the rights and pnv
ileges of citizens of the other States; and there
fore no State constitution, no State laws, would
make any discrimination as to rights and privi
leges between these citizens of African descent,
thrown off from the presidential mint, and its
white citizen^. They thus bpcome eligible to nil
the offices of the States. Their Legislatures,
their judicial departments,their Executives,are all
opened to them by this new and all-dominating
power. Whatis its effect in relation to the Gov-
ernment of the United States? It also opens all
the offices of the United States to them. They
thereby become eligible to seats in the two Houses
of Congiess, to the supreme and inferior courts.
They may be appointed to foreign embassies, and
become candidates for the Presidency and Vice
Presidency. It produces all these mighty changes
in theorganization of ourGovernmentin its great
and fundamental principles,and theharmony, like
that of thespheres, between the Federal and State
Governments, is broken up by the President bring-
ing into active operation the undefined and unde-
finable, but tremendous, powers conferred upon
him by " military necessity." Theie is no re-
stiiction, no limit, to this, his power, in time of
war, but it reigns supreme over everybody and
everything. Such is his novel but imperial theory.
Sir, I, for one, protest, and intend to protest as
long as I have reason and voice, against such a
monstrous and destructive revolution as the Exec-
utive is striving to consummate. TheConstitution-
of the United States is supreme. The President
of the United States has but limited powers, and
they are expressly named and conferred by that
instrument. Every power which is included by
name and necessary implication in the language
used in conferring those powers upon him is cer-
tainly carried with it; but those unnumbered, aux-
iliary powers which are necessary and proper and
indispensable to organize our Government, and
to put its departments in complete operation, are,
by express language, vested m Congress, and the
President can no more touch one of them, until
he is authorized-to do so by an express act of
Congress, than he can establish a monarchy and
place a crown upon his head.
Mr. President, this war of races is urged on. It
is urged on by infatuated reason orby sinister de-
sign. Be the causetheone or the other, its effects
to the country and to our system of government
are the same. Whatever the motive may be for
these reckless innovations,these outrageous usurp-
ations of power and infractions of the Constitu-
tion, their consequences are the same. I admit
that a great many men abhor the rebellion/ I do,
myself, from my deepest soul- I believe that its
authors have committed the greatest crime of
which the records of the world make any mention;
but, sir, even if it were necessary, I would not
permanently give up the Constitution of my coun-
try, and the liberties which it secures to the people,
to prevent this division of the Union; I would
not give up the freedom and the charter-of free-
dom which was fabricated by Washington and his
immortal associates. What would a great and
extended country be worth to men who love free-
dom^ if it be ruled by a consolidated military des-
potism ? I adhere to the Constitution; I will fight
under it and for it, and in avoiding the Scylla of
secession, I never will willingly rush into the
destroying gulf, the Charybdis of abolition mili-
tary centralization and despotism; and yet, while
so many people are avoiding the one source of
destruction, they are rushing heedlessly oh to the
other.
Sir, there is but one definition of loyalty, and
that is, fidelity to the Constitution and to all its
agents, whether legislative, executive,or judicial,
in the constitutional and legal performance of their
duties. All the officers of those three classes, and
no part of them, form the administration of it.
The Government is the Constitution and laws of
the United States. When that Government is
assailed by open and audacious rebels, or by
those who are administering, conspiring to, or by
ignorancc or maladministration subverting it,
whether from Congress, or the President, or the
Army, there is no true loyalty but to defend it,
the Constitution and the laws, against any or all
those assailants.
Mr. President, how infinitely better it would
have been for the South, and the whole United
States, had they never seceded and never reared
the standard of rebellion ! If their military power
in every field could have been stricken down and
annihilated by the armies of the Union within six
or twelve months after the firmgon Fort Sumter,
by wise and constitutional administration, the
great mass of the southern people would have
yielded long since to the Constitution, laws, and
authority of the United States; the Union would
have been restored, and a united country would
now be progressing in a career of peace and pros-
perity. Sir, if my fiat could prevail, if my aspi-
ration to Omnipotence could be heard and granted,
it would be for the defeat of the rebel armies
everywhere to-morrow, not only for the good of
my own State, for my own Government, for the
loyal States, but especially for the rebel States,
the deluded and misguided masses. The longer
this war continues, the worse it will be for the
people in rebellion, and how infinitely worse for
the slave institution of those States! The aboli-
tionists are as deeply impressed with these truths
as I am. The great mass of the moderate, con-
seivative Republicans, at one time did not act
with them, but they and that party, and hundreds
and thousands of others who did not belong to
either organization, and the whole Government of
the United States, are now combined to put down
slavery there now, and ultimately every where.
But, sir, the party in power has modified its
purposes and its policy since the commencement
of this war. With the abolitionists proper, then
and now, the avowed object was to wipe out sla-
very; but the politicians of the party in power,
the Administration, which Mr. Phillips declared
to be only a committee located m Washington for
the management of the next presidential canvass,
have, as I conceive, three objects at this time, and
their objects are in this order: the first and para-
mount is to perpetuate their own party power at
all hazards, and, by all the means which the peo-
ple of the United States will tolerate them to use,
to continue themselves and their friends in office,
to have the distribution of the greatest and richest
