3026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
This House has passed several measures to
keep down the price of gold. Now,let me say
that this tax it* imposed will have the effect to in-
crease the price of gold beyond any reduction
that you will be able to secure by other measures.
I hope that the members of the House will take
a reasonable view of this matter, and concur in
the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, I am the last
man in this-House to do California or any other
State injustice. I am willing to avow my igno-
rance on the subject of gold mining; and I ac-
knosvledge there areother gentlemen m the House
as ignorant as I am. I regret that we do not pos-
sess some of the information possessed by the
gentlemen from the Pacific slope; but i under-
stand that more than one gentleman from that
region was willing to accept this provision.
I was precluded from saying anything on the
first amendment taxing the license. I would have
been willing to exclude those mining for gold, but
for wlmt leason should we exclude "the tax on all
those who are engaged in mining coal, in mining
iron, in mining copper, in mining lead, in mining
zinc? It seems for no other purpose than to have
the gold mines exempt. The proposition is to
strike out the tax of 5 per cent, upon all the gold
that is mined, and yet the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia declares that if this tax is imposed it will
iaise the price of gold !
I am willing to put it in any shape acceptable
to California, but I protest against, the idea, of so
large and profitable an interest as this entirely es-
caping from taxation in such a ciists as that in
which the country now is. It should be made to
contribute its fair proportion.
I hope my friend who lms so much more inform-
ation will come forward with a bettor provision.
I am not actuated by any feeling of ill nature or
spite. I have the greatest kindness for that sec-
tion of the country. I look upon it as a marvel
m our history.
Mr. HIGBY. I move to reduce it to 3 per
c" n l.
Mr. Speaker. w'"-e hill was up before in the
Committee of the \Y Loir on the state of the Union
each one of the three members from California
had five minutes in which to discuss this ail-
important question. 1 iind, in conversation with
nil men here upon this subject, that they look
upon it precisely as I did before 1 went to that
country and lived fourteen years and had expe-
rience there. It is necessary that men should have
practical knowledge upon this subject to under-
stand it fully and propeily.
I will present three or four considerations to
the House which will throw a little light upon this
subject. While the State of California has sent out
oftheStato, as an article of exportation, from six to
eight hundred millions of gold, the taxable prop-
erty in 1863 of the whole State was $100,000,000,
and of that taxable property the city of San Fran-
cisco had at least one third, and the population
of th* city was about one fifth the population of
the State. Now you may take the population of
the mining sections of the State and compare the
taxable property there with that in the agricul-
tural and commercial portions of the State, and
you will find the preponderance in the agricultural
and commercial portions—that the mining district
hm tar loss wealth in proportion to population.
Whatdoduction is to be drawn from these facia?
it is that tne laborers in the mining districts re-
ceive fur less pay than those m the agricultural and
commercialdistricts, U illustrates the idee, which
we have tried to show to this House in Use few
moments we have had, that the labor of tb'c miner
iccehes less pay than that ofany other business.
^ What was the direction of this tax? As the
hill went from the House it followed the minor
nito his claim, and taxed hisfirstand hx.^ last dol-
lar he took from it. it is not the amount of trxos
you take from the State of California of which
,ye complain, but of the way in which it is taken,
'he inequality of the burden, and of the persons
from whom it is taken. While this subject wos.
'•efbie the House I proposed an amendment by
which the tax should be imposed upon the earn-
ings of the miner, afler deducting$600for ihesuo-
poit of his family, as you do in ail other kinds of
business; and immediately members here declared
that we objected to being ia*xed. Why? Because
we objected to being taxed differently from other
ft-cn. We objected because you wanted to  ax us
where you do not tax other men. There you fol-
low the laborer down to his first dollar and tax it.
Nowhere else in this bill do you find the principle
applied to any other class, for in all other cases you
have given the laborer a living—you exempted to
him §600 before you began to tax him. But when
you go to our coast, and apply the tax to a busi-
ness which, I tell you, pays less than others,
there, for the first time, you impose an extra tax.
You would do differently if you could understand
this matter as we do. A great deal of gold is
taken out of the mines, it is true. But the
miners do not get the benefits of it. They are
the poorest class in that country, and yet your bill
proposes to tax them 5 per cent, upon every
dollar their labor produces.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
says he has been informed by men from the Pa-
cific coast that they would be satisfied with a tax
of 3 per cent. The gentleman never got that
statement from me. I say let this taxing of gold
alone. Tax ail branches of business, but let the
miner get out the gold and put it intocirculation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. A most remarkable scene,
illustrating the old doctrine, "Give him an inch
and he will take an ell." By what authority does
any miner in California dig gold upon the land of
this Government? Wot one of them but is a
trespasser upon the public lands. No one of them
that has paid a dollar for the privilege.
Mr. HIGBY. I would like to hear the gentle-
man say that to the miners, lie Kays it here, but
he wouM not any it there.
Mr. STEVENS. I say it here anu every-
whei%. I say that not one of them has any title
to the land. They are taking the gold out iy the
permission of the owner of the land. Tins na-
tion owns every foot of it, and so far she has
allowed anybody to go and use it, but when she
comes now to ask what all nations on the face of
the earth have asked when they suffered their
precious metals to be taken from the bowels of
the earth, a seigniorage, why, we see as much
spirit and energy and indignation shown here as
if you were trying to take back from a man the
horse he had stolen from you.
Sir, 1 do not like to say a word against these
Call for mans. They are good men, but they have
been indulged until they are spoiled—absolutely
spoiled. 1 do not like to hear this indignation
expressed, as though we were robbing men, when
we only ask for what does not belong to them
at all.
Mr. SHANNON. Will the gentleman ftom
Pennsylvania yield to me for a moment ? {know
he is v<Ty kind nnd obliging.
IVIr. STEVENS. Certainly, I will yield to the
gcntlema n.
Mr. SHANNON. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will not inferfrorn the earnest style
of my senior colleague [Air. Higby] that he is
indignant. His onljr his peculiar style.
Mr. STEVENS. It is his fervor.
Air. II1GBY. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania allow me to say to him m what respect
he misunderstands me?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. HIGBY. As I saul when this question
was originally before the House, my objection is
not to your taking a portion of the sold in Cali-
fornia, but the objection is to your tyxmg the men
who tak" it out of the earth.
M \ STEVENS. I understand that. 17 e are
asking a sesgntorage for the metal no matter who
takes it out. If a man digs in my iron mine I
charge luiri 20 eenU a ton. No matter whether
he be poor or rich, ho must pay me for my own.
Wc are asking but a little trifle for that which be-
longs to the nation.
Niw, 1 want to hav^ tha amendment non-con-
curred in, and h?t, \he subject go to tho commit-ce
of conferencc. If 5 per cent, is too much make
it 4 or 3 or 2 or 1. Cut every nation imposes a
tax like this, and i hope we r.ro not to be driven
from it beanie we like California so much.
Mr. Y/ASiiRTJRNE, of Illinois, i move to
close debate on the amendment,
Mr. SHANNON, i appeal to the gentleman
fioni Illinois to allow mo two and a half minutes.
Mr. V/AStiyC RNE, of Illinois. Well, I will
hIiow the gentleman that time. I cannot refuse
him.
Mr. SHANNON. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania says that the nation owns the mines and
the minerals. We have never disputed that fact;
but the nation, on the discovery of gold in Cali-
fornia and the admission of the State into the
Union, positively refused to impose any tax on
the people going thereto mine; on the other hand,
they invited the people of this nation and of the
world to go there and dig out the gold; and Mr.
Benton well said that the men who dug it out
would earn every dollar of it. And that is our
experience. The fact is that not half of the men
who work in the minesgetas much fortheir daily
labor as the people who work in mechanics' shops
and upon farms throughout the country; and to
tax a man who takes out $50 a month in the mines
5 per cent, is a proposition which I undertake to
say the good sense of the House will at once see
the injustice of.
I undertake to say further, and I believe it hon-
estly, that the proposition contained in the amend-
ment of the Senate will absolutely yield more
revenue to the Government than you can derive
from sending your tax-gatherers into the gulches
of the mountains to collect a tax of four or five
per cent.from the miners. Why, you cannot reach
half the miners by sending your tax collectors to
hunt them down. A man's mine is worth noth-
ing. You cannot sell it for anything. He has
his money in his pocket and he will not pay the
tax. But by the Senate proposition we tax it at
the mint or assay office where the miner is obliged
to go with his bullion and have it assayed, and
you get it there; but you will not get u if you
send your tax collectors into the gulches of the
mountains.
Now let me tell the House that if you under-
take to hunt down the miners you will not get
your revenue; you will discourage the develop-
ment of your mineral resources, and yoa will do
an amount of injury that will far outweigh the
petty, insignificant sum that you might expect
to realize by this tax.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I ask that
the gentleman from California shall have a few
minutes more time.
Mr. SHANNON. 1 thank the gentleman, but
I think that the House understands the propo-
sition.
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. HIGBY withdiew his amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. SHANNON. I hope the House will con-
cur in the Senate amendment.
The question was taken; and there v/rre, on a
division—ayes (18, noes 39.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The four hundred and fourteenth amendment
was read, as follows:
To tho paragnph " On oil-dressed leather and deei-«klns
dressed or smoked, a duty of 5 pei cent, ad valorem,'1 y<M
the following proviso:
Piovtfed, That who'i or b-kin^, upon wlncliadnty
has been pnwioudy a^e^fd and paid, shall be maiiuiac-
tuied into gloves, nutans, or moccasin1?,, the duty shall only
lie assessed jpoji the inemu-cd value thereof win n so ima-
ulactUrfd.
Mr. MARVIN. Mr. Sneaker, this amendment
isaquestion ofgreatimportanceto my constituents.
The mittens andgloves to be affected by this amend-
ment are almost exclusively manufactured m my
district. The skins are imported in a raw or un-
tanned state, paying the required import duty.
They arc then tanned and dressed in a manner
adopting them for the manufacture of mittens arid
gloves. Thefactoiiea in my district dothewhoie
of thij biuine&s. They never sell the skina after
being urossed, but manufacture them iiuo mittens
and glovea; honco it is unjust to impose a double
tax, or in fact three taxes on these aiticles: firs'.,
the import duty; second, the tax on the skins
when dressed; third, the tux on the mittens and
gloves when manufactured.
The Senate has justly and wisely amended tho
bill, assessing the tax 5 per cent, "ad valorem on
the increased value when manufactured, and left
the principle of taxation tho same as in the old
law. More than 00 per cent, of the material used
in the m&nufactuiu of these articles is imported,
and pays the Government duties. To levy tho
tax upon the increased value of the skins, when
made up into mittens andgloves, it is plain to see,
under the circumstances, is evidently just and
proper. We do not ask for any special favor or
side legislation, but only that the same principle
of taxation may be applied to us that 15 applied
