1074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
eHme, his vine-clad hills and marble halls and all
their pomp and glitter, to cross the ocoan and fight
our battles; that he, the friend of Washington,
who had faced death upon so many battle-fields,
was. not one of those who believed that a negro
had no rjghts that a white man was bound to re-
spect, or that it was disgraceful and indecorous
to interest himself in their behalf and speak of
them in terms of bene.volence. In a letter written
to John Adams in 1786, from Pans, he says:
f*fn the catfse of ray black brethren I feel myself warmly
interested, and most decidedly side, so far us respects them,
against the white part of mankind. Whatever be the com-
plexion of the enslaved, it does not, in my opinion, alter
the complexion of the crime which the enslaver commits
—a crime much blacker than any African face. It K to
me a matter of great anxiety and concern to find that this
trade is sometimes perpetrated under the Hag of libei ty,
our dear and noble stripes, to which viitue and glory have
been constant standard-bearers."
But there is another witness, and he must not
be forgotten. The gentleman on my right says,
"Trot him out;" but I must not do that without a
suitable preface by way of introduction, and I
think it ought to be poetic, something like this:
"There was a man who lived of late,
On whom angels did impatient wait,
With ouNtietehed arms and wings of Iovp,
To waft him to the realm* above.1'
And at times he delighted to withdraw from
the vulgar world and common herd, not to seek
6i a lodge in some vast wilderness," nor yet "some
boundless contiguity of shade," but to hie himself
to foreign lands and there muse in gardens fairer
than Eden; behold limpid streams, cooling fount-
ains, and groves of unfading verdure; palaces of
marble, and bioominggirls with eyes as bright as
the gleam of a star; breathing musk; ravishing
music, unspeakable grandeur, and resplendent
beauty; and on classic soil, fragrant with the at-
mosphere of a rarer world, to linger around grot-
toes and cataracts, towering pyramids and crum-
bling ruins; and m old moss-clad cathedrals,
around whose lofty domes the red lightnings had
played a thousand years, drink in the mellow
tones and lich melody of the oigan, and gaze in
rapture upon sculpture, statues, and paintings
wrought by hands immortal; get a glimpse of the
hidden things of eternity, and commune with the
spirits of the mighty dead, whose wonderful con-
ceptions, the admiration of mankind, seem to live
and breathe and defy the corroding tooth of time
after the heart that conceived them has ceascd to
beat, and after the plastic hand that touched them
has moldered to dust, lie was a humble wor-
shiper at the shrine of beauty. To him—
"A thing of beauty is a joy forevei,
A cetLbclcfe s-pi'li that slumbers ncvei.''
He had a heart to bleed, bowels to yearn, and
♦could feel for otheis' woes, and detested " man's
inhumanity to man," and when he vindicates a
4own-trodden race from obloquy and contempt
why not evoke his testimony—a man of letters,
of refined tastes and classic mold, and who has
written a book? He did not, it is true, write the
history of Rasselas, Prince of Abyssinia; that
was written by Doctor Johnson, and i have often
thought that it was the lines t thing of record. The
•first sentence is one of matchless beauty:
" Ye who listen with credulity to the wluspeis of fancy,
and pursue with eagerness the phantoms of hope ; who ex-
pect that age will perforin the promise? of youth, and that
the deficiencies of the present day wiii be supplied by the
morrow, attend to the history of Uasseias, Pruicc of Abys-
sinia "
Changed a little, it would have been an appro-
priate introduction to that part of the excellent
bonk (Cox's Buckeye Abroad) to which I al-
lude. See how charmingly it comes in: "Ye
who listen with credulity to the whispers of pre-
judice, and pursue with eagerness the phantoms
of error, accompany me in fancy to classic Rome,
and go with me to the Sistine chapel and h-arn
the history of a plain, unquestioned Aft ican;"and
here is the history as he writes it and as 1 find it,
beginning at page 32 of that excellent and rneuto-
rious.w ork:
f~ While waiting the entrance of his Holmes. the mind
ran nnd delight iri examining the < La«t Judgment' of An-
jjclo, fiebeoed upon the wall of the chapel. Kvery vatiety
-of hope, doubt, despair, and beatitude beam upon" us irom
th«* figure* npon the wcill. Within a sacred inchxure. over
which tiptoed eurionty can har>:i> peep, is agreen-carpeied
floor arid tapestry hangings, with an almr and a throne.
Seats are arranged forth'* cardinal?, who soon begin to pour
iri. in great red gowns and sktiH caps, attended by
bOrvautH m purple. After bows and crosses, /he servants
proceed to unroll the timm. and seat the cardmali, Avery
Ucarjy miay of old Remans fnoy «r-em, w-nh theft ;oms
under cover, their gray hair shining, their lofty btows and
intellicent faces bespeaking good living as well as study
and reflection. Most of them kept up an inaudible prayer.
One fine, old, tremblingly fat gentleman seemed to be be-
yond the age of piety, but his habitual prayerfulness still
played upon his hps. He reminded me of Chaucer's monk,
who repeated all his terms,
"'That he had learned out of some decree;
No wonder was, he heard it all the day.3
<k Directly buff soldiers, with gilt helmets and drawn
swords, rus-h in to guard the door. I thought at first there
was a sudden insurrection, knowing Uiai in matters of pow-
er, as poor Pius has learned, ' there is but one step from
the (Jnpitol to the Tarpeian rock.' But no, the choir strikes
the high notes, the doors beyond open, and voilal the
vicegerent of God appears in his tiara and cloth of gold.
Around lum owarm ministers ot eveiy degree and shade of
color. He kneels; the rustle of red cardinals s-hivers in
the hallowed air, and all kneel. Then he ascends to the
throne—a fine-looking, full-faced man, graceful and digni-
fied in his bearing, i'ovver he .-eem* to wear as a familiar
garment. How graciously he extends his hand to the cai-
dmals, who severally leave their ^eafs, attended by their
attendants in purple carrying their trams. They, bowtng,
ki<s the hand, or, as t wan informed, the diamond brilliant
upon the Pope's ting, as a token of reverence. An inferior
ouler pio.-uate themselves and tip their labia at the shoe
of in- Holiness, upon which is a cross of silver. In the
menu time seraphic music from the Pope's select choir rav-
ishes the ear, while incense hlilkite* the nose.
" Soon theie .nises in this chamber of theatrical* glitter
a plain, unquestionedAtiic.au, and he utteid the sermon in
facile Latmity, with graceful mannei. His dark hands
gestured harmoniously with the rotund periods, and his
swart visage beamed with a high order of intelligence. He
was an Abyssinian. What a eoinmentaiy was heie upon
oui American pivjudice^! The head of the «reatCatholic
chuich, surrounded by the ripest scholars of the age, list-
ening to the eloquence of the despised negro, and thereby
illustrating to the world the common bond ot brotherhood
which binds the human race. 1 confess that at first it
seemed to me a sort ot theatrical mummery, not being fa-
miliar with such admixtures of society. But on reflection
I discerned in it the same influence which dtninsr the dark
ages conferred such inestimable blessing on mankind. His-
tory iccoids that, lioni the time when the baibanana over-
ran the western empire to the time of the levival of let-
ters,! he influence ot the Chuich of Rome had been geneially
favorable to science, to civilization, and to good govern-
ment. Whj ? Because her sy&tem held then, a? it holds
now, all distinctions ot caste as odious. She jeganK no
man, bond or free, white or black, as disqualified tor the
priesthood. This doctrine Inn, a^ Macaulay develops
in his introductory chapter to his English history, miti-
gated many of the ivoift evils of society; for where race
tyrannized o\er iaee,or baiou over villein, Catholicism
came between them tmd ereaied ,m ari-tocrary altogether
independent of i<u e or feudalism, compelling even the he-
icditary master to kneel beloie the spiritual tnbunnl of the
hf'ieditary bondman. The childhood ot Europe was passed
under the guardiaiifhip of prie-tly t< achers-, who taught, .%<;
tin- scene in the Sistine chapel of an Ethiop addressing the
proud nilers of Catholic Christendom teaches, that no'dis-
tiuetion is regarded at Home save that which divides the
pi icst fiom ihe people.
"The sermon of the Abyssinian, in beautiful print, was
dismbuted at the door. I bring one home as a trophy, and
a sou\enir ot a great truth winch Americans are prone to
deny or contemn ''
" J1 plain, unquestioned African, and he utters the
sermon m facile Lattmty, with graceful manner.
His dark hands gesticulate harmoniously with
the rotund periods, and his swart visage beamedwith
a high order of intelligence." " What a comment-
ary upon our American prejudices," against the
negro of course. " The head of the great Cath-
olic church, surrounded by the ripest scholais of
the age, listening to the eloquence of the despised ]
negro.** It is now pretended that the Abyssinian !
is not a negro. It would be far better to defend
the book on the admission that he is than to try ;
to creep out of so small a hole as that, as the ge-
ography of the world is not to be changed to suit
this case. Here it is; there is no escape—they
were " listening to the eloquence of the despised ne-
gro," "and thereby illustrating to the world the
common brotherhood that binds the human race."
From this it would seem, if the race of man is a
common brotherhood, that there is a common/a/A- i
erhoud, and that it may yet turn oirt, after all the i
fuss, that we are in fact all children of a common i
Father. " I discovered in it the same influence !
winch during the dark ages conferred such bless- 1
itigs on mankind." "The sermon was distrib- '
uUjd at the door, mid I bring one home as a trophy, j
and a souvenir of a great truth that Americans aie ,
prone to denyand that great truth I suppose is, 1
ihat we are the children of a common Father and ,
may be included in the same prayer. Great God
defend us! Oh, ye sneeiers and scoffers, false i
apostates and groveling wanderers, gather around j
and heat, not from me, but from this learned trav- j
eler, this traveled man of science, now a distm- ,
guiyhed and leading statesman, of a negro who [
was a high type of manhood, woithy of sacer- :
dotal robes, and to stand in the sacred desk; from ;
which it may be inferred, fori? is not said, that he
was made by the God that garnished the stars,
and is a gentleman and a scholar. "As much a
man as any part of God's great plan," and as fia-
grantas a rose-bud. What will come next ? How
far are we from the abhorrentand detestable doc-
trines of amalgamation and miscegenation? It
is not a necessary consequence, but who knows
where such admiration for the negro is to end ? It
is dangerous to get into too close quarters, prox-
imity, with that we ought not to love.
" Vice is a monster of so frightful mien,
As, to be hated, needs but to be seen ;
Rut seen too olt, familiar with her face,
We first endure, then pity, then embrace."
With such teachers, with such doctrines taught,
the gulfis before us and,we behold its raging bil-
lows. We are between the rock ofScylla and the
whirlpool Charybdis. I n God's name let us avoid
them. If this is not worse than praying for all
mankind as the children of a common Father with-
out excepting the negro and leaving him out in
the cold, then I confess I know not what is. If
it had come from old John Brown, " whose body
lies moldeung in thegiound,but whose-soul is still
marching on," or from one who had been ail his
life a conductor of an underground railroad, ship-
ping cargoes of contraband wool to the dominions
of Q,ueen Victoria, it would not excite surprise;
but coming as it does, from one who now con-
sorts and fiaternizes with those who believe that
a negro has no rights that a white man is bound
to respect, it is as mysterious and past finding
out as the inscrutable ways of Providence, but
perhaps hardly so wise. Do I mean to say that
the letter is disreputable, or that the book is any-
thing to beashamed of? . Not a bit ot* it. I would
do the gentleman no injustice, nor detract from
his merits. I would sooner augment than dimin-
ish. If they were tenfold what they are, how
happy would I be. If he should be ashamed, it
is for his present attitude and not for the book
that he ought to have compunction; for his
present attitude a few penitential teais would not
be amiss. Aside from a little kind and good-
natured fun and railery, I.mean no such thing;
and.I introduced it with no purpose of a back-
handed blow at the author. I bring it forward
for precisely the same purpose for which I have
adduced the writings and sayings of others, sim-
ply because it was from a respectable source and
relevant to the issue, it is cumulative testimony,
and besides that it advertises the book.
"Socrates died like a philosopher, but Jesus
Christ like a God," were the closing words of the
" blind preacher" whom Wirt has made immor-
tal. Our friend puts no such thrilling words m
the mouth of the negro preacher, this "plain,
unquestioned African," but I doubt not he has
given a truthful, as it is a well-wiitten, descrip-
tion of what he witnessed. It proves not that the
negro is equal to the white main, it pleads not for
social equality; it advocates not an admixture of
the races. 1 bring it forward to piove no such
heresies, but simply to show that its author, when
beyond the influence of bad company and released
from the slavish shackles of party, and the better
impulsesof his kind nature were permitted to flow
in their natural channel,-could speak kindly of ail
men, the negro included, and believed that we are
all the children of acommon Father. There is in
this land, Mr. Chairman, a race of flunkeys, but
they learned not their meanness from this book.
" BROTHERHOOD OF MAN."
Mr. BLISS obtained the floor.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman yield to me?
Mr. BLISS. I will.
Mr. COX. I did not intend to ask this favor
of my colleague. I thought it was understood
that when I made objection to thegentleman [Mr.
Dumont] proceeding, I would have as much time
extended to me as was extended to him.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not under-
stand that any objection was made.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move that thegentleman
from Ohio be permitted to proceed.
Mr. COX. I thank the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts for Ins motion, for he is always court-
eous. I do not intend to take up much time now.
1 dislike to enter the lists on thus afternoon, which
is set apart for a general debating society, when
no business is done, when noactionis to betaken
on bills, with but few people in the galleries and
scarcely any members on the floor, and when gen-
tlemen gravely read their com positions like school-
